 1

The batter was encased in shadow as the sun settled just behind the trees beyond the outfield wall. I was still bathed in sunlight on the mound and knew I had the advantage, as the batter would be forced to pick up the ball late as it passed from light to dark before reaching the plate. The crowd seemed louder now, but they had been screaming the entire game. We were a strike away from clinching a spot in the sectionals; something our school had failed to do with alarming regularity since the 1950's. 

Standing on the bleachers behind home plate was Mrs. Wilson, our coach's wife. She was clapping and cheering as I rubbed up the baseball, trying to ensure as solid a grip as possible for what I hoped would be the final pitch. Others stood around Holly Wilson, splitting their gaze from the game to her enormous breasts, bouncing unfettered beneath her t-shirt as she jumped up and down. Holly's marriage to coach was something of a scandal, he was 3 years shy of his 50th birthday, and Holly had turned 18 the day before they ran off to Vegas. She was a year ahead of me in school, the most beautiful girl in the district, and had refused dates with everyone that asked. By the time anyone knew of her involvement with coach, they were already back from Las Vegas and living in coach's house up in the hills outside the city. 

Seated next to Holly was Kaitlin, my girlfriend of three years. Kaitlin was not blessed with a great deal of natural intelligence. She was smart, but not blessed with an immediate understanding of all things academic. She worked hard in school because she had to, and although she would never be a genius, she maintained a healthy GPA. She stood about 5 feet six inches tall, with long, straight, light brown hair, and deep almond-shaped hazel eyes. Her long, smooth, perpetually tanned legs, full breasts, and oval face had been drawing the lustful glances of men far longer than they should have. Her reputation as a less than bright individual often gave people the impression that Kaitlin did a lot of sleeping around, but I knew better. We met each other at a camping weekend some years before; lost our virginity inside a single sleeping bag, and we'd been together since. As usual, my cock hardened immediately whenever I saw her, and this moment was no exception. Kaitlin attended every one of my games. A huge sports fan, she usually greeted me outside the locker room after games with a kiss. Then she would lead me around the side of the school, pull me up against the wall, and would either take me into her mouth, or occasionally, slide her panties down from under her skirt, hook her legs around my waist, and ride me. Once Holly was married, Kaitlin inherited the title of most lusted after girl in town, and I was constantly getting teased about "getting her early", before she developed into the young woman she had become. I smiled and stepped back on the pitching rubber.

The ball settled into Jason's glove before the batter even started to swing. The roar from the crowd could have told people three towns away the result, and I started shaking hands and hugging teammates as Jason ran out to jump in my arms. We are largely a football town, but the baseball program had once dominated sectional play. Nearly 60 years of frustration had built to this season, and the eleven seniors on the team had vowed not to let another opportunity slip by. 

"We're number one," Jason shouted, hugging me. And we were. The win gave us possession of first place, and a first round bye in the playoffs. That meant just three wins, and we would win the sectional title and head downstate for the big tournament. Coach went behind the backstop to hug and kiss Holly, with every male, including the players on both teams, looking on in envy. I found Kaitlin and she was smiling, holding her arms open to gather me in.

"I'm so proud of you, Jack," she whispered. "You were incredible."

I kissed her deeply, cupping her buttocks in my hands and she squealed.

"My, my!" she shouted. "You bad boy." 

"I love you baby," I said. "Thanks for being here."

She smiled and then waived over my shoulder. Soon, Kaitlin's friends surrounded us, and they all congratulated me. Despite Kaitlin's appearance, and popularity with every male in the city, she got along with most because she lacked the general bitchiness that plagued so many of our school's young women. 

"We'll meet you at my house," Sherry Keller, Jason's sister said. "Everyone's coming over, my parents are throwing a party."

"Sounds good," I said, taking Kaitlin's hand in mine. She patted me on the backside, kissed my cheek, and then settled in alongside Sherry as the girls walked up the hill towards the school parking lot. The crowd had filed out, and after watching Kaitlin's voluptuous buttocks sway back and forth in her tight shorts (along with a brief glance at Sherry's more than impressive backside as well) I turned to look for my glove.

Coach Wilson was holding it, walking towards me. He was smiling, and shook my hand after handing me a glove.

"Hell of a job, Jack. Complete game, only one hit. Exactly what we needed." 

Coach was a large man, ripped from head to toe due to a strenuous weightlifting program. Though nowhere near the size of some of the bodybuilders Kaitlin occasionally poked fun at on television, he looked like an NFL linebacker just the same with rippling biceps, a huge chest, and powerful legs. He had a strong, square chin and soft brown eyes that expressed his sensitivity even while he was yelling at you. He was forty-eight years old, but appeared to be 20 years younger, and the common belief was that Holly had fallen for his body, and his good looks. 

"I really appreciate how hard you've worked, Jack, you've really gotten better. No question you'll get drafted now. You've been a real leader."

"Thanks coach, I'm glad we get to keep on playing."

He patted me on the ass as we walked, something coach did to everyone of his players a hundred times a day, but after a few steps, I realized his hand still lingered, and only a sideways glance caused Coach to casually drop his arm to his side again. 

"Don't forget to ice that arm," he said, jogging ahead to the school.



2



Apparently, Kaitlin had called my mother to tell her what had happened – she wasn't able to get off from work, but she left a message on my cell congratulating me. A text message from Kaitlin also appeared.

"At the party tonight, between my titties, Jack. I want it all over my face."

My cock hardened against my jock strap once more, and I erased the text message. Kaitlin was exactly opposite of the perception she had from people who didn't know her, but her sexual appetite was enormous, and her wild streak, though unexpected at first, was a constant source of pride that I never spoke about to friends. 

My teammates were shouting, music was blaring, and I got high-fives from everyone as I made my way into the trainer's room. Bobby, the freshman team assistant had already made an ice wrap for my arm, and I settled into the chair as he taped it around me.


The guys came in to wondering if I was going to a concert some were attending that night, or to the party at Sherry and Jason's house. I spoke briefly with Jason about the game and then I eased back and closed my eyes. An hour later, my arm felt revitalized, and I made my way to the locker and took off my clothes.

The hot water on my arm after the ice wrap always felt incredible, and I let my hair soak, holding my arms against the wall. 

The showers were one large room, with heads coming out of the wall at regular intervals on four sides. You had to walk through a doorway, then around a corner to step into the room, but it was completely open. A constant source of amusement came in the first months a freshman class came in. If you had gym class with them, you could almost guarantee that at least one or more of the newbies would get nervous about showering with the older guys, and hide in the bathroom until the room was empty. Some didn't even shower at all. 

I was standing under the hot water in the far corner of the room, feeling my tense muscles relax, when coach walked in. He was completely naked, and though I tried not to pay attention, his body couldn't be ignored. He was smaller and leaner than he appeared with his clothes on, but the power and strength hinted at by his bulging muscles was fascinating. Everything from his abdominal muscles, to his chest rippled and gleamed in the light, and his legs were strong and thick. He took a showerhead a couple of spaces down to my left and began to wash his hair. His buttocks were large and taut, and despite myself, I couldn't help but stare at the sight of his penis hanging limp between his legs. His balls were enormous, and the fact that I could see his organ clearly though he was facing away from me caused me turn around in embarrassment. I never felt at all inferior in that particular part of my anatomy, in fact, I hadn't really given it much thought at all, but coach appeared to be the most well endowed man I'd ever seen. I quickly reassured myself that when you regularly take showers with other men, you can't help but see them – it's not as if I was choosing to look. 

"Really, Jack, that was a hell of a job today," Coach said again, and I nodded, not wanting to turn around. 

It hadn't occurred to me until I was contemplating the size of his cock that it made no sense for coach to be taking a shower. He hadn't worked out; he was just managing the game. But there he was just a few feet away. 

Something else had happened which shocked and scared me at the same time – my own cock had become erect. In fact, I was as hard as I'd ever been, and impossibly aroused, I didn't understand what was happening. It was almost as if coach wasn't a man, or a woman. He was simply as close to the perfect human specimen physically as one could possibly be – there were no bulging veins, no hair on the back or chest, just rolling muscles beneath smooth tanned skin. 

"You're looking good," he called over. "That program really has helped your build. I'm sure Kaitlin likes it, not too mention the other girls." 

"Yeah," I managed to gasp, desperately trying to get my cock to soften so that I could turn the water off and get out of there. 

Coach was standing next to me, his arm on my shoulder. 

"Nothing's going to happen here that you don't want, Jack. But I thought you should know, I'm hard too." 

He looked down, and I followed his gaze, catching my breath when I saw his enormous erection, at least ten inches long, and as thick as my own, pointing straight up at me. His balls hung like over-sized eggs in his hairless scrotum and I couldn't divert my gaze.

"Jesus," I whispered before I could stop myself.

He raised my head with a hand under my chin, and kissed me. I flinched, but he followed my lips. His lips were soft, and confident, and he quickly kissed me again. He was not smiling, the look on his face was all lust and he brushed the hair from my eyes. I felt him take my hand in his and guide it too his cock. I didn't understand why I hadn't bolted from the room yet, but I took him in my fist and slowly began to work his cock back and forth while he moaned my name under his breath.

"I've wanted you for a long time." 

"What...why...what about Holly? What is this coach?" My voice was quiet and weak. I was mesmerized not only by his cock, and the rest of his body, but my reaction to it.

"Don't say anything, Jack. Just be with me. If that's what you want."

I thought about Kaitlin, I thought about Holly, and whoever else might walk in on us at anytime. He must have sensed my thoughts because he indicated that the doors to the locker room were locked.

"You're safe here, and nobody will know. I promise."

His hand was on top of my head; I was staring again at his penis and felt him slowly pushing me to my knees. A powerful wave of arousal flashed through me as I settled in eye to eye with his rock-hard organ, and with little encouragement, I leaned forward and opened my mouth, sliding my tongue along his balls. They felt smooth and hot between my lips, and I sucked on one gently before realizing what I was doing.

"Coach, I'm not gay...I don't know how, I've..."

"Jack, don't worry about whether you're gay or straight. People need to learn that doesn't matter. And I'm sure Kaitlin's been good to you, or other girls...you know how."

I started licking his balls again, and his hands settled in my hair. 

"Look at me when you do it," he whispered, and I looked up at him, surprised I could meet his gaze. 

I took the shaft in my hand, amazed at it's weight, it's power, and stabbed my tongue into the hole at the tip, licking up the clear fluid which had begun to leak from the opening. 

"Tell me when you're going to cum," I said, suddenly hungry to slide this powerful appendage between my lips. I would suck him, if that's what he wanted, but I wasn't going to get a mouth full of semen, that was for damn sure. Coach smiled, and then closed his eyes as I eased the cock into my mouth. 

"Oh God," he said when I had a good six inches buried in my throat. For some reason, the gag reflex I was expecting never came and I established a slow, smooth rhythm, coupled with my own stroking of my cock. I swirled my tongue around the iron rod, licking the vein beneath his penis, my head moving back and forth. 

He was looking down at me again, his eyes glazed over, his hips slowly rocking, and I caressed his strong abs, his powerful thighs, then gripped his hard buttocks, squeezing them as I sucked his cock. I knew he was getting close, his breathing became labored, I could hear it even above the sound of the showers still running, but I kept my mouth on him, wanting to bring him to climax. His buttocks grew tighter in my hands, and the first hot jet of semen splashed against the back of my throat. I swallowed it just in time to receive the second and third. Finally, I let it pool in my mouth, and coach took his cock in his own fist, beating the cum out of it, shooting it wildly at me while he screamed my name. A huge rope of cum spurted out of the tip and landed across my left eye, forcing me to shut it until the shower washed it away, and I swallowed the generous load that had filled my throat. 

His semen was salty and bitter, but it slid down my throat easily, and I covered coach's penis back again with my mouth, trying to milk the rest of it out of him. 

Coach picked me up and kissed me, pushing his tongue into my mouth. His hands squeezed my buttocks, and he told me again how long he had wanted me. He picked me up in his powerful arms, carried me out of the shower, and back to his office. 

Shutting the door with a jerk of his hip, he placed me gently down on the cot, looked down, and then mounted me.

"Don't be frightened," he whispered. "Let me love you."

He spread my legs, his cock still hard. I couldn't believe he was that aroused, still, after the amount of semen he had just given me. But his cock pushed urgently against my ass hole, and I sucked in my breath, waiting for the pain. 

Coated with saliva mixed with his semen, the cock was apparently well lubricated, and though I felt slight pain and pressure as coach penetrated me, a strong wave of pleasure surged through my body while he pressed himself deeper inside.

"Oh fuck you're tight," he cried, settling on top of me. 

I hugged him to me, taking his powerful ass in my hands again, stroking his back as he began to slowly thrust. Our lips met, and I kissed him more urgently, pushing my own tongue into his mouth. There was something incredibly exciting about this enormous man lying on top of me, taking his pleasure from my body the way I had taken mine from Kaitlin on so many occasions. 

Coach had yet to really touch my cock, and though I nearly came when his first load of semen coated my throat, I was extremely aroused as the cock began to spurt, unleashing a torrent of his hot seed into my bowels. 

"Fuck me, oh yes, Fuck me," I cried, kissing his neck, his shoulders, holding him to me. 

Coach lay on top of me for a couple of minutes, then began to kiss me. He noticed my throbbing organ and asked me how I felt.

"Crazy. I feel like I just went insane. And I'm obviously in need of something here."

"That's what Holly is for."

"Huh?"

Holly appeared at the door. She smiled, and my cock throbbed despite the situation.

"Coach, what the fuck? You said nobody..."

"Calm down, Jack. Holly knew what I was going to do, or at least, what I wanted to do. You'll understand everything later. For now, have fun." 

Coach got up, snatched his clothes from his chair, and closed the door behind him. 

3

"Thank you Jack," Holly said. "You don't know what you've done for my husband. Not just making love to him, but on the field too."

She was wearing the same clothes she had on during the game, but she had let her hair down so that it flowed over her shoulders like soft hay. Her eyes sparkled, and I forgot about my embarrassment and shame as I spotted her hard nipples, poking through her shirt, which strained mightily to contain her ripe breasts. 

"You used to look at them when I tutored you in math. All the boys did, even the teachers, and the old guys in town, but I didn't mind you looking." 

Holly reached down, and pulled her shirt off, her breasts tumbling free. They were as tanned as the rest of her, with huge areolas and small dark nipples sitting atop the firm globes. Kaitlin's breasts were large, but they didn't compare with the size of Holly's. They were easily the size of volleyballs, probably larger, and her skin was flawless. She was still a teenager, and the breasts were firm and jutted proudly from her chest until she bent over to peel off her shorts. 

She sat down, suddenly becoming shy. She wouldn't look at me, but she told me I was gorgeous while hiding her face behind her hair.

"You, you don't have to do this Holly," I said. "Besides, I have a girl, and I've already cheated...I don't know what's going on, but..."

"I want too. I want you. It's just that I've never, well, I've never had sex. At least, I've never had a man inside me. At least, not by my choice."

"But you're married, what about coach, I mean, the two of you must have...what do you mean, your choice, I don't...?"

"I'll explain later. Just, please, if you don't want too because of Kaitlin, I will understand, but I want you to make love to me. And I can see that you want me, Jack, you always did." 

Rational thought ended, and I mounted her as she leaned back. I entered her quickly, driving my organ through her warm, tight cleft. She was wet, and her breathing quickened noticeably. Her back arched and she cried out, holding me too her. 

"You feel so good Holly, you're so damn beautiful." 

I looked down into her entrancing blue eyes, still unable to believe I was with her, inside her, holding her as she climaxed beneath me. I kissed her soft red lips, and she pulled me closer. Her tongue explored my mouth, and began to thrust harder, driving my cock as deep as it would go inside her. 

"Fuck me Jack, that's it, faster...yes." 

I closed my eyes, wrapping my lips around one of her erect nipples...and as I sucked, she moaned, holding my head to her breast as if she were nursing me, her other hand locked on my right buttock. A wave of sensation surged through my body, and I cried out her name, pouring my seed into her grasping depths while she lifted her pelvis to receive the warm fluids, clinging to me, whispering in my ear that she had waited for this moment, to have her delta filled with a man's semen. 

Holly stroked my hair with one hand, and caressed the small of my back down to my buttocks with the other. Occasionally, she would kiss the top of my head and say thank you as I nuzzled between her breasts. I licked the sweat from her, taking pleasure from the feeling of being joined to her still, both our genitals, and the thin layer of perspiration that made our skin stick together. 
