 It was early on Saturday morning practice wasn't due to start for another hour. The school was empty and almost completely quiet. The hallways no longer full of rowdy college students. If you were in the gym and listened close enough you'd hear the TV, and a chair squeaking.

Coach was sitting in his office watching the video of Friday's game. His chair squeaked under his weight every time he shifted positions. God, it was hard, watching the movement of all their athletic bodies. He was their coach, older, mature and had to do everything exactly right. This morning's session was more difficult then it had been before. The shifting becoming more agitated, the squeaking more pronounced. Finally, getting uncomfortable, the coach moved to the couch in his office, and relaxed his body into a sitting/slouching position.

The video showed his volleyball team, jumping up at the net, spiking the ball, setting the plays. The girls each had their own unique charm. The captain of the team, who was referred to as Miss, was a senior and about to graduate with a bachelor's degree. She was the strongest player. Her arms and legs were long and solid, the muscles having been toned from volleyball and workouts for the past four years. Then there was the three juniors, Angelica, who everyone called Angel; Isabella who everyone called Bell and last but not least Virginia. All three juniors majored in fashion design. Then the two sophomores, who rounded out the starting line up, are Grace and Faith. They had just changed majors. Then there were two freshman, Charity who was the little sweet naïve girl, and Sara who acted out the meaning of her name quite well.... Princess. They hadn't picked majors, yet. 

The two freshmen didn't get a lot of playing time. The team as a whole was working on their technique and capabilities. They were definitely a work in progress. Charity so sweet and innocent struggled around all the dominating personalities of the other girls. Princess Sara struggled with the fact that the team didn't feel she deserved to be the princess. 

There were other things about the girls the coach knew. Their parents probably wouldn't be too thrilled about the knowledge, but he knew that Miss had a 34C, and Angel struggled with a lot of moisture. Bell kept a seven inch dildo in her locker and used it in the shower when she thought no one was around. Virginia was the known slut of the team, sleeping with most any guy who would give her the time of day. Grace and Faith often had little "meetings" after practice also when they thought no one was around. Charity and Sara had just joined the team. Coach didn't know too much about them yet, but he was doing his best to find out. 

Watching them on the video playing the game, he couldn't help but rub his hand along the jumping cock in his pants. Every time she served, Miss's tits would jiggle around, making him want to slide his cock between them. That on top of knowing Angel was always moist, wet, and ready for a cock to be slipped into her gave coach no end of "agitation". 

What coach didn't know was that the girls had some hidden knowledge themselves. Miss specifically left her bras out knowing he would find it and look. Angel often came in her workout clothes or uniform giving her the added help of extra noticeable moisture. Bell used the dildo in the shower knowing that coach would hear and watch. Grace and Faith, well, they just couldn't get enough of the lesbian sixty-nine and didn't care if coach saw or not. Charity and Sara were completely oblivious to everything.

*********

Practice had finally started, after the coach had jacked off watching his girls win on the video. He was so proud of them. They were his little pets. Now, he watched them run laps around the gym in the required workout uniform -- sports bras and Speedo shorts. He couldn't believe he had gotten away with that one, but they had all agreed heartily that it would be better during practice not to have extra clothing. He watched their bodies work in rhythm as they ran, their legs long and sweaty, some matured into a full figure some a little less developed. It didn't matter, they were his, and they were beautiful. 

Blowing his whistle, to get the girls attention, coach called an end to practice. He just couldn't take any more of those gorgeous bodies bouncing around in front of him. He was afraid he would give his secret pleasure of watching away. The girls grabbed their stuff and headed for the showers. Coach headed back to his office (next to the girl's locker room). He opened the door and never saw it coming. All seven girls, grabbed for him from different directions, grabbing arms and legs, putting a blind fold over his eyes. He knew it was them; he could smell them and feel their bodies, the bodies he watched and dreamt about. "Girls, please, what are you doing?"

"Shut up," yelled Miss. "You are not in the place to be asking questions. So, just to make sure you stay quite, we are going to gag you." Angel walked up in front of him, he knew it was her, he could smell her wetness. She but a ball gag into his mouth, and fastened it around his head. "Now, that you are under our control, stand up. We have plans for you Coach." Miss knew how to take control of the situation. Sara and Charity still weren't sure how they felt, but they were doing their part. Angel, Bell, and Virginia were more then ready to have some fun.

The girls led Coach into the locker room. They all needed their showers after practice, so they led him into the shower room. They took Coach's wrists one at a time, putting a leather band around it and then hooking a chain to the loop on the band. Then they spread his arms out on either side, hooking the chains to pipes. After this was done, they took off his mask and as a group began to slowly undress. Coach looked at each of them, their bodies, glistening from sweat, watching each breast as it fell out of the bra that was pulled off. He watched as each one of them turned their back to him, and slowly pulled their tight shorts off their asses, only to find all of them were wearing black thongs. His heart rate picked up, oh how he loved them. 

As they pulled their shorts down, the girls bent over at the waist giving the coach a nice view of their ass cheeks, and scantly clad pussies. They were so beautiful. Miss had a tight round bottom, toned from the years of workouts, and her pussy was trimmed, with soft fine black hair peeking around the thong. Her 34C's could be seen between her legs, hanging down just a little as she bent over. Miss's skin had a slight olive tone to it. It was sexy as hell, her nipples just a little bit darker. 

Angel looked just like her nickname. She had that beautiful angelic face, with enormous eyes, calling to you when she had that shimmer in them. Her hair was a nice real blonde color, and her skin was creamy white. Her ass was small with just a hint of roundness, and her tits were bigger then anything. She was a 32 B, and her pussy was shaved clean, her clit was just visible from under her hood and was slicked with her always present moisture.

Bell had long rich chocolate brown hair. It shined to perfection when cleaned and brushed. Her eyes also brown were oval shaped, so intense. She was the one girl that was on the bigger side. She was healthy, but she had the curves and sexiness that only comes with a little meat on the bones. She was a 40D and a plus size 20 in most clothes. Her ass was the sweetest thing. It is out there making you want to smack it any time you walk by. You just wanted her to shake it around for you. Her pussy was also shaved smooth; her lips were big and could be seen through that sexy thong, showing off those nice big round ass cheeks. This display made Coach think about the seven inch dildo she used so often. 

Virginia was the one black female on our team. Her hair was smooth and shiny, down to her shoulders. Her skin was the color of dark chocolate, just waiting to be licked. She had a round plump ass that makes you want to pinch it. Her breasts were 36 DD, and were so gorgeous. It was torture waiting and watching as she stripped off that tight bra. Coach just wanted to get his cock in between those tits and fuck them. She had hair on her pussy. It was so beautiful seeing her lips peeking out. 

Grace and Faith were similar in their appearances. They were both small B cups with dark nipples. Their asses were more on the skinny side then any of the other girls, and their legs were long and beautiful. Their best asset, those legs every guy wants wrapped around him, long and toned. They both look so sexy and fine in short skirts and high heels. 

Charity and Sara were less on the developed side. They were only freshman, but they had that naïve air that makes you want to teach them everything about sexual pleasure. They were pretty with their A tits, and the smaller butts. Their pussies weren't shaved or trimmed, just natural and they were a little shy. They make you want to sit down and pleasure them for hours, knowing that you are giving them pleasure they have never experienced before.

Coach was hard watching each of his girls undress and show off their bodies. They were each different and unique, and he loved their differences. He wanted each one of them, to give them pleasure and to receive pleasure. Their uniqueness was what made them so hot and sexy.

Knowing what they were doing to their Coach, the girls decided it was their turn. All seven walked toward Coach, and helped to stand him up. Then without a second thought, they took out a knife and cut his shirt off of him. They watched it fall off his body, seeing the solid abs and muscle underneath. He was well built but not overly so. He had very nice abs but you could see a little extra weight on him. His arms were strong, and you could tell he worked out regularly. The girl's body temperatures went up another few degrees. Each girl couldn't wait to get their hands on him. 

Next, they slowly put all seven pairs of hands in his gym shorts, and began the process of pulling them down. The shorts, wanted to come off, his body was slick with moisture, but his hard cock was making the front catch. Miss deliberately pulled the cotton shorts, slowly down his length, letting some of her fingers trail behind. She could feel Coach's cock jumping from the touch. He was watching intently, looking into her eyes as she felt his shaft for the first time. He wanted to cum right there all over her hand, but Coach and the girls all needed more. So, Miss and Coach took deep steadying breaths, and Miss finally got the shorts past his erection.

Now was the time the girl's had been waiting for. Each of them started running their hands all over their Coach's body. It was so hot, sweaty, and sexy. He could feel their hands running down his arms, over his chest, just grazing his nipples. They ran their hands down his back, over his ass cheeks, even between them. They rubbed down his abs, over his cock, and down each leg, each one wanting to touch every inch of his body. The girls were each purring, moaning and groaning as they touched their Coach. This was an erotic torture for Coach. They were touching him everywhere, seven girls, his pets, running their hands all over his body. It was beyond his dreams. His eyes closed. He stood their and felt each hand rubbing, touching, gliding over his skin. 

"ENOUGH!" Miss yelled. Coach jerked out of his trance. Miss was calling an end to the game. No, he thought, don't stop now. "We have a plan, girls, we need to follow it. You each know the rules and what we want. So, please remember what was discussed." 'Discussed' thought Coach, 'they discussed this.' He was suddenly nervous. 'What had they discussed?' These thoughts swarmed his head as the girls looked at Miss and slowly nodded their heads. Each walked away from him and formed a line behind her. Obviously he was the only one in the dark about "the plan", and he decided to take it one step at a time and find out where he was headed.

Miss walked towards the Coach her hand closed around something he couldn't quite make out. She walked up to him, looked him in the eye. "Coach, I am going to put a cock ring around you. It is leather and adjustable. If it is uncomfortable in the size, we can adjust it for you, but it is necessary for you to wear it, as you have seven very horny females to satisfy. So, please tell me if it is too tight." Miss kneeled down in front of her Coach. The man she had played volleyball for four years. The man she'd dreamt about, and gotten off thinking about it. Today was going to be a dream come true. Slowly, and with great precision, she wrapped the leather cock ring around her Coach's cock and balls. 

After making sure he was comfortable, she looked up into his eyes. As they locked eyes, she slowly brought her mouth to the head of his cock. Coach was entranced. She was watching him watch her. She slowly brought the tip of her tongue out of her mouth and licked the head of his cock. It jumped, and that was all the encouragement that Miss needed. She wrapped her lips around the head of his cock and sucked it like it was a lollipop. Licking it and tasting his hotness for the first time, Miss groaned around him. He was so perfect. His skin was hot to the touch; he had small drops of precum standing at his hole. His cock had ridges and was a nice seven and a half inch cock, not too big not too small. Perrrrrrrrrffffeeeccctttt. 

Miss, slowly and deliberately took inch by inch into her mouth. He watched her mouth close over the head, then an inch behind the head, and slowly make her way up until his cock was at the back of her throat and she still had an inch and a half to go. He didn't think she'd be able to take him all. He could already feel the back of her mouth. Their eyes were still locked on each other. This is my girl he thought. She has been with me for four years, I've watched her grow, mature, and become so sexy. With that thought, he felt and saw Miss take the rest of his cock into her mouth. She was deep throating him. 'Oh god' he thought. This is so hot, I don't know if I can make it through seven. 

"Time is up for you, Miss," said Angel who was holding a stop watch. Miss stood up and with her eyes still locked with his she said, "We each get five minutes to suck on your fabulous cock, but Grace and Faith have chosen to suck you at the same time, which means they will have ten minutes. That gives you 35 minutes with the cock ring on. At that time, we will take it off and let the blood flow. Don't worry we will take care of you." She gently kissed him on the cheek. Her 34C's gently rubbed his chest when she leaned in and kissed his cheek, and his cock jerked hitting her stomach just a little. The connection sizzled.

Each girl walked toward Coach, some looking at his body, some at his eyes, but all kneeled down before him and sucked, licked, and fondled his cock and balls for five minutes except Grace and Faith. They were last. They started walking toward Coach with shining eyes and mischievous smiles. Half-way there they each got down on their hands and knees and began to crawl on all fours towards their Coach. He was in shock, but the girls could see his cock straining and jumping. They knew he was pleased. When the girls were close enough, they reached out and with their hands and ran their nails up the insides of his legs. Each of them cupped his sac, and began a slow rhythmic massage. They bent their heads down together and started licking his shaft. Up and down his seven inches he could feel two tongues, hot and wet running against him the tongues sometimes touching and fusing around him. He was so close to losing his control as he watched them. Grace would bend low looking up into his eyes while sucking and licking his balls while Faith would wrap her mouth around his cock and take almost all of him into her mouth. He was being tortured and loved by two of his pets at once, a dream come true. Miss held the stop watch for the rest of the girls; and after all seven had sucked their coach for their time frame, she stepped forward. "Now, Coach, it is your turn. You did so well, lasting so long with all seven of us. You will be rewarded." Miss kneeled before him again and took the cock ring off. She could see the deep breath Coach took. He had been sucked, licked and teased for 35 minutes; a man can only take so much. He looked down at Miss, and she looked up. "Now, Coach, Sir, I am going to let you fuck my mouth until you cum. I want to swallow your seed down my throat. I want you to fill my mouth with your hot cock and your hot cum. Girls!"

Bell and Angel went to the walls and undid the chains so that the Coach's hands were free. "Please, Coach, please, fuck my mouth. Use me as your cum slut and fill my mouth, but remember this, you must only fuck my mouth. You cannot try anything else," Miss said. Coach was in shock, but he had enjoyed Miss's mouth the most. He would not pass up this opportunity to fuck her mouth. His girl, his pet would take him all and take all he had to shoot out, he knew this without a doubt. 

The other six girls gathered around to watch. Angel and Bell still held loosely to the end of the chain ready to stop Coach from running or doing anything he wasn't suppose to do. Coach lovingly put his hands on either side of Miss's head, and placed his cock on her lips. Her mouth opened for him, waiting for his offering. He put his cock slowly inside of her mouth. She wrapped her lips around the head. He groaned. Her mouth was so delicious, hot, wet and so perfect for his cock. He looked down at her, and their eyes once again connected. He began to put more cock into her mouth; she was kneeled before him, accepting it. He pulled her to him, pushing his cock into her throat, he heard her purr, felt the vibration on his shaft. That was his undoing. He shoved his cock into her mouth until her face was in his pubic hair. He began pumping in and out of her mouth. She took it, loving it, tightening her mouth around him. He was pulling on her hair, groaning from the tightness. "You are my little cum slut, aren't you," he said. "Your mouth is so perfect for fucking, you whore. Take it all, take every inch of my cock into your mouth, my pet!" Coach watched as Virginia lay down on the floor behind Miss and started to fuck Miss's pussy with Bell's seven inch dildo. "Yes, fuck her pussy while I fuck her tight little mouth. Make her cum with me, my pet."

Coach knew he could not last much longer. He was furiously pumping into Miss's mouth. She was purring, moaning, and tantalizing the tip of his cock with the vibrations. He ceased to realize what was going on around him. Virginia still lay there pumping the dildo into Miss, trying to keep time with her Coach's desperate speed. Miss began to gyrate. She was so wet and hot. Her Coach was making her so hot; he was loving her mouth. She felt his body tense. She knew he would explode in her mouth. She was frantic with the need to have her mouth full of his cum. She sucked as hard as she could, keeping time with his movements.

"AHAHH, DAMN, here it cums pet." Miss started to squirt juices all over the dildo and Virginia as Coach filled her mouth with his cum. They both made sounds of pleasure, release and fulfillment. Miss swallowed every drop of His cum. It was the best thing she'd every tasted. Coach sank to the floor. His body exhausted. That had been the best blow job he had ever experienced. All seven girls had brought him to this eruption of fiery pleasure.