 By the time fall practice had gone into full swing at Georgia Southern, Coach Keith Carter was far too busy coaching the defensive line to think about when Jana was going to get into town and when or if she'd call him. 

The year before, Keith was coaching high school while he bided his time waiting for another full-time college coaching job. Among other titles, he was assigned assistant softball coach, which was where he met, and coached Jana Lindell. A short, curvy girl with one hell of a competitive streak, he had made Jana into a solid catcher in just his one season there. After the season was over, they happened to meet alone after school one day, where one thing let to another very quickly, and ended with them climaxing together on a pile of laundry in the athletic supply room. For weeks, they both worried that he'd gotten her pregnant, but Jana finally called to let him know she wasn't, and (oh, by the way), she'd be attending college where he was now coaching.  

She had promised to look him up when she moved in, which left him both excited and reluctant. Having sex with your student, even if they are of age and you're technically not teaching them, was flat out wrong, he told himself. Since then, he'd never completely lost the sick feeling he had inside from taking advantage of a young woman who respected him so much as a coach. Truthfully, he'd be better off never to see her again, and he knew it. On the other hand, she had unleashed something inside of him when they made love, and whatever it was wanted more of her short, voluptuous body. For an inexperienced teenager, she really knew how to work her body with his, and he longed to be with her again. 

As the coach in charge of the Defensive Line, it was Keith's responsibility to sharpen the skills of the returning players, and teach the schemes and techniques to his Freshman players, a few of which were good enough to play right away. Easily the brightest star of his incoming players was Dexter Dean, a 6'6", 260 lb. defensive end who had the quickness of a linebacker and the mean streak of a junkyard dog. There was no question that as long as he passed the two correspondence courses that he was required to take prior to the fall semester, he would be a starter immediately. 

Dexter had premier talent, but wasn't currently on a practice field at Florida State, Georgia, or any of the other schools salivating over his talents because his grades weren't good enough to get him in, and a few run-ins with the law had cooled many of the major programs on the prospect of taking a chance with him. Dexter saw Georgia Southern as a place where he would play right away against better competition (and more media) than junior colleges, and if all went well and he kept out of trouble, he could transfer to a major university after two years. 

Coach Carter had instantly taken a liking to Dexter, and not just because he was so talented. He sensed that even though he'd had a hard childhood, he was eager to learn and wasn't a bad person, just misguided. 

On the last day of fall practice before the school year began, Coach Carter gathered his linemen around, and reminded them that over the weekend there would be lots of parties and the bars would be crowded all over town. "It's okay to have a good time," he said. "But, remember who you're representing at all times, and don't let yourself walk into a situation where bad things can happen. Be smart!" he barked, before releasing them until Monday. 

The Friday and Saturday before classes start the following Monday are always huge party nights, and this August was no exception. As sundown approached, Keith left the office he shared with two other coaches and walked across campus toward his small apartment amid a sea of student housing. Passing him on all sides were excited college kids, some dressed up, some slumming it in t-shirts and shorts, some already drinking, and other's looking forward to starting. He remembered when he was a student like these kids; when the next party was the very most important thing in the world at that moment. He walked into his dark apartment and hit the button on his answering machine as he stepped out of his coaching clothes and walked toward the shower. 

"Hey Coach," said the young female voice, sending shivers up Keith's spine as he knew it was Jana. He froze, turning his head haltingly toward the machine as her message continued. "I know you're a busy guy, but it sure would be good to see you again. We had such a good time when we last saw each other, no? Well, anyway...I'm a college girl now, spreadin' those wings, having some fun before I've got to get all serious with schoolwork." 

Keith smiled as he listened to her ramble, remembering how cute her face was, and how her eyes lit up when she talked to him. It was so wrong, but he wanted her more the longer he heard her voice. 

"We didn't exactly, ahem, 'get together' under normal circumstances back at Westside, so why do it normally now? I hope you're up for a little adventure and an open mind. I hope you like to have as much fun as I do, but we'll soon find out....." 

She paused, as if considering how to proceed. "Tell you what, Coach: be at 1434 Larkspur at about 11pm tonight. Go upstairs...2nd door on the left...just walk right in. If anyone gives you any trouble, tell 'em that you're cool with what's going on. I'll let 'em know you're coming, too. I don't know exactly what you'll find behind that door, and neither do I exactly, but by then I'm sure to have had a few drinks. I suggest you do the same...it is Friday night, you know. This is my cellphone, but don't call me tonight, unless you're telling me that you won't be making it." 

"I'll see you tonight, Coach. Hope it's worth your while." 

-click- 

Keith was both excited and panicked by Jana's message. What the hell was she planning at that address? Or was it anything at all? She did say that she didn't know what would be behind that door either....and to keep an open mind? Sense of adventure?  

If nothing else, he was just too curious not to show up, and after a shower and a couple of strong drinks to calm his nerves, he would head over to the address she gave, which wasn't even a half-mile from his apartment. 

Keith's heart fluttered like a schoolboy as he made his way over to 1434 Larkspur, filled with a sense of anticipation and adventure, just as Jana had hoped he would. As he made his way down the sidewalk, he passed students gathered on porches, spilling out of houses, and walking up and down the block, seemingly all of them with a drink in their hand. Loud music poured from the the passing cars and from inside the houses. Keith still looked young enough to appear as one of them, but like most football players past and present, was bigger than most of them. 

He stopped briefly in front of a white three story house with the black numbers 1434 mounted to one of the porch columns. A gathering of male and female students were sipping out of identical red plastic cups on the porch, each one pausing to look at him, if only to determine that they didn't recognize him, before resuming the conversation they were currently involved in. Alternative rock was playing at a slightly louder-than-comfortable volume as he stepped inside the house and looked for the stairs. He though to himself that at least fifty people must be packed just in the front room as he sidled between shoulders to pass through the crowd to the stair. The stale odors of cigarette smoke and spilled beer mingled with the pizza boxes on the kitchen counters and the perfumes and colognes of the revelers to produce an experience completely unique to college rental houses. 

Keith climbed the stairs and looked down the hallway to the second door on the left. His watch told him it was 11:05pm as he stood outside the door, his heart beating through his chest as he took a deep breath before opening the door. 

"She did say just open it," he reminded himself as he started to ball his fist to knock on the door. Still overcome with nervousness, he turned his ear to the door, straining to pick up any audible clues from inside the room, but the music, though faded upstairs, was still to loud to hear anything through a wood door. Two guys came to the top of the stairs and looked at him as if they may ask him what was going on, and with that cue, he figured he'd better bite the bullet and go on in. He was overdue, anyway. 

As he opened the door, he initially saw two black naked bodies kneeling on the king-size bed: one short black female with thin, lithe legs and a small waist, the kind of big protruding butt that you could serve tea on, and big natural breasts to match. She was caressing a big, muscular black man who was.....oh there's a third person here. kneeling in front of him was a white female that he couldn't quite get a good look at, but he could tell enough to know that she was giving this man a blowjob. 

None of the three appeared to notice his presence, and for a brief moment he thought he'd simply walked into the wrong room, until the black girl noticed him and said softly, "who you lookin' for baby.....I think you in the wrong place." As she said that, the black man turned his head to look. As he recognized the man standing near the door, his eyes were suddenly twice as big as before. 

"OH FUCK!" he said, completely startled to have his position coach watch him get sucked off and caressed by a couple of naked chicks. "Coach?!" was all he could manage. As he turned around, erect cock bouncing free, the white girl leaned around the side of Dexter, recognizing the intruder immediately. 

"You made it, Coach. I knew you would....." she said with a come hither look in her eye and tone in her voice. "You're all that was missing." 

"So he's the one," said the black girl, smiling at Jana as she knelt toward Keith, big breasts hanging down toward the mattress as she crawled on hands and knees toward the end of the bed. "Come to mama, baby. Time to have some fun. My girl Jana told me all about you." 

Dexter was still astonished at the coincidence of his football coach being invited into a foursome that he was currently in the middle of. Not knowing how to react, he simply smiled sheepishly at Keith, who had a blank stare as he panned between the three naked bodies, slowly processing the facts: 

He hadn't walked into the wrong room Jana had, in fact, invited him into a sexual foursome Dexter, his star player, was in this same foursome His choice was to either approach the bed, or leave immediately. 

"Evening Dexter," he said with a grin, his decorum returning as he walked to the edge of the bed, where a girl with skin the color of creamed coffee waited for him on all fours. 

"I'm Sharelle," she said, holding out her hand as if they were in a meeting. "Jana's roommate. I'm gonna call you Coach, okay?" 

Keith nodded, looking at Jana, whose arms were wrapped around Dexter's waist from behind, smiling and winking at her former coach as she reached for his penis. He briefly noted it's size, which appeared to be decisively larger than his own. He looked at Jana's breast, squished up against Dexter's back, and then back at Sharelle, who was now pulling Keith onto the bed. 

Laying flat on his back, Sharelle straddled him, leaning down to lick and kiss his neck as her hands worked to untuck his shirt so she could remove it. As she kissed her way down his bare chest, she could feel her soft breasts touching his belly; her erect nipples softly scraping across his skin as he ran his hands through her coarse hair. Sharelle unbuttoned his pants and promptly pulled them off his hips and then down his legs, removing his shoes and socks in the process. Within less than ten minutes from entering the front door, he was naked on a bed with his current player, former player, and her roommate. Unable and unwilling to come to terms with what was happening, he just laughed to himself as he felt a small hand grip the shaft of his dick. 

"Mmmm...I ain't never seen a white dick before," said Sharelle in a soft voice as she started to massage it with both hands. "This'n ain't nothin' to sneeze at, though. I see what you were talkin' about, Jana." 

He could hear slurping, and as he looked over, it was apparent that she was too preoccupied to answer her roommate. Keith was amazed by the command Jana was showing with Dexter's huge black cock. Though she wasn't deep-throating him, she was taking the first few inches hungrily into her mouth while jacking off the base of his shaft with her hands. He noticed the stark contrast of her pale milky white hands against his almost coal-black shaft. Dexter's hands draped over her curled brunette hair, massaging her skull softly as she bobbed up and down on his manhood. They would both moan softly from time to time as his hips gently bucked up to meet the strokes that her mouth and hands were combining on. 

Just as he started to feel a twang of jealousy from watching Jana with another man, Keith's breath was taken away by the sensation of incredibly soft skin all around his erect cock. Sharelle lowered herself over his body, sandwiching his penis between her huge brown tits and rubbing them up and down his length. He'd been titty-fucked before, but never with this kind of 'equipment'. She continued to lick his chest and belly as she pushed her tits together against Keith's cock. His breathing started to get heavier as she increased the pressure. Looking up at him, she smiled as she raised herself up on her knees, holding his length in her hands. 

"Want me to blow your mind?" she asked. Before he could answer she turned her body around then straddled him once again, this time backing her big bubble butt up to his face while she rubbed her big moist lips agains the head of his erection, slowly working in into her mouth. He could feel her breasts resting on his chest, and could smell the juices of her vagina. Looking between her cheeks, he couldn't see her anus, but could clearly see the lips at her opening, brown with just a hint of bright pink between them. They were actually pretty: not too big, not protruding, just neatly meeting up to each other to protect her love chamber from the elements. As Sharelle worked the first few inches of his cock in and out of her hot mouth, he grabbed her hips, pulling her ass closer to his face so he could run his tongue along her labia, making her body jump and shudder at the sensation. He felt her hum as she moaned through her blow job. 

After lapping over her lips and clitoris for several minutes, he prodded his tongue between the lips, breaking through into a hot, very wet chamber beyond. Sharelle broke her lips from his shaft to moan out loud this time, bucking her hips and pressing her ass into his face as he pressed more and more of his tongue into her pussy. Each time he darted his tongue back out of her, he'd take more of her pussy lips into his mouth, sucking on them hard. Her pussy smelled and felt different from anyone he'd ever experienced before, and he worked his tongue up, down, in, and out of her chamber as she alternated between sucking on his dick and moaning in response to Keith's movements. 

"Ohhh shit, baby! Ugghh!......You like that chocolate puddin', baby? You like it, don't ya?", she said as she worked her hips in reaction to his mouth. He could hear Jana's loud moans now too, glancing around Sharelle's left buttcheek to see her laying flat on her back, receiving a similar treatment from Dexter. 

"Aaggghhhhh!!!" shrieked Jana, pitch rising as he sent ripples of pleasure through her body with his tongue. "I'm coming!!!! Unggghhhh!!!", as she drew her legs up and around his head, relentlessly probing her opening as her body was racked by orgasm.  

Sharelle lifted her mouth off Keith's tool, turned around, and laid down on top of him, legs out to each side. "It's time to get down to business, Coach. I need it, baby." 

"Ungh", she grunted as she guided the head toward her opening, now dripping with her juices and Keith's saliva, feeling the hard glans press against her clit and engorged labia. 

Coach Carter felt like he'd passed into a dream, or another dimension. As he looked to his side, he could see Dexter fingering Jana's pussy as he sucked on her big breasts, splayed out to the sides of her body as his big muscular body hovered over her, his big dick rubbing up and down against her thigh. Above him straddled a pretty black girl, who couldn't be a day over 19 years old, slowly lowering herself down on his rock-hard penis. Her long nails dug into his chest as she supported herself above him. Her eyes were closed and her big tits were swaying gently as she lowered a little more of herself onto him with every thrust. 

"Ugghhhh, Coach!" she moaned through labored breath. "You got a big one, Coach! Shit!" she said through a wince and closed eyes. He hungrily grabbed her tits with both hands, kneading them roughly as she picked up the pace, but still not ready to take all of his length into her very tight snatch. 

Hearing a cry, Keith looked over to see Dexter's body wedged over Jana's, his crotch between her legs and starting to insert his massive girth into her little white body. "Ohhhh Dex!!! I'ts too big!! I can't....." she whined as he jabbed the end of his dick into her reddened orifice. 

"Hold on, baby....It'll fit baby......come on, baby......unnggghhhh," breathed Dex as he forced his black snake into her body a little at a time through her cries of pain and desire. Her legs drew up and her toes curled at the conflicting sensations of his giant penis stretching and filling her willing vagina. 

"Ohhhhh......Unnggghhh," she moaned as he gyrated his hips against hers, finding the angle of least resistence for his organ to sink deeper into her body. 

Watching and listening to him struggle to take her body filled Keith with strong feelings of anger, jealousy, and a need to protect Jana from pain. He knew, though, that she'd say so if she felt threatened or was in too much pain. Besides, they weren't even dating, and he had a beautiful, sensuous diversion to ease the pain of watching the object of his desires get fucked by another man. Still, he needed to work out a little frustration, and Sharelle was going to be the one to benefit from it. 

She had adjusted to his size, but still hadn't gotten his whole length into her, hovering her hips a couple of inches above his as she stroked up an down along his length. Lifting up and grabbing her by the waist, he flipped her over onto her back, his body between her legs. He looked down and could see her breasts jiggle and fall to the side, and her taut belly rose and fell with her breath. Positioning his head at her warm, moist lips, he pressed his body forward, sinking most of his length into her. Moaning loudly, she wrapped her legs and arms around his body, her nails digging into his back as he sunk more and more of himself into her until his hips met hers. 

Sharelle groaned her approval at having his whole penis inside of her, then gyrated her hips as he thrusted in and out, feeling her walls shift as her hips bucked against his slick hardness. As he looked down between their bodies, he could see her lower abdomen bulge out slightly each time he sunk his entire penis into her body. Her breathing started to get deeper and slower, and the walls of her vagina started to contract around his shaft. 

"Ohhhhh Fuck!!! OHhhhhh!!!! Ohhhhh!!!!! Gggnnnnnnnnnnnn!!!!!" she cried out as her body became enveloped in an orgasm. Bucking her hips into his and tensing her feet and hands against his body as he continued to pound her black body into the mattress. 

As she came down off the wave of her climax, she pumped ever harder back at his body as he thrusted in and out. Overcome by the sensations of being involved in a foursome, but at this time completely focused on the pretty bronze-skinned coed bucking underneath him like a wild animal, Keith started to grunt, feeling his orgasm approaching. 
