 Lisa Jackson knew better. She had been so careful for so long, had hidden her predilection for girls from everyone around her, even dating some of the male teachers at the small town school where she taught gym and coached volleyball. She even had sex with a couple of them, not enough to cause a scandal, but enough to offset any suspicions about her sexual preferences. She didn't mind having sex with guys, but she had discovered in college under the tutelage of her then coach where her true desires lay. 

She had always been athletic and tomboyish as a kid, right up through high school, landing a volleyball scholarship at a nationally ranked university. She looked far from the typical butchy lesbian stereotype though. Her small frame was toned and fit for sure, but not muscular or thick. She had never had any trouble attracting guys, or girls for that matter, and had been told numerous times by lovers that her ass was a work of art. Her breasts were small but firm, as was the rest of her, her shoulder length brown hair framing a very pretty face, a little mouth of the type usually described as pouty, and big innocent liquid brown eyes that made her appear far younger than her 32 years. 

Once she had landed her current job, she knew she had to keep her personal life secret though, the small town she lived in would never put up with a lesbian coaching their daughters, not out in the open anyway. And despite all the half naked young ladies she spent most of her work life around, she was never tempted, not really anyway. Not until Julie Collins, that is. 

Julie was a player on the girls volleyball team she coached in addition to her duties as a gym instructor, and despite her never giving any clues, Julie knew. She was constantly in Lisa's office with mysterious upper thigh ailments, her leg often upon Lisa's desk, her panties and more exposed to Lisa's view. Though she had resisted for the better part of the year, Julie's 18 year old body had taken a firm hold of her subconscious and she sometimes used her shower jet to get off in the tub, imagining all the depraved things she'd like to do to young Ms. Collins. She never had any intention of acting on those thoughts though. Unfortunately for Coach Jackson, Julie had other ideas. 

She should have sent Julie packing when she came into Lisa's office earlier, clearly up to no good, and complaining about another "groin pull". She certainly should not have allowed Julie to show her where it hurt by grabbing Lisa's hand and placing it on her pussy. She should have put up some resistance when Julie returned the favor, but the young student's hand and her coach's pussy had become instant friends, Lisa's panties becoming drenched in seconds. There was no doubt she never should have let Julie open her shirt, push up her bra and work on her instantly hardened nipples with teeth and tongue, but by the time Julie's expert mouth reached her young teacher's box, Lisa was beyond caring and beyond regrets. She leaned back and allowed her student to take charge. Her orgasm, when it came, was earthshaking, she let out one long "ooooooooh" and titled her head back. She was in another world, which made what came next even more startling. 

"What the hell is going on here?!??!" a male voice yelled. 

Lisa snapped back to reality instantly, her eyes popping open and revealing one of the male professors of the school standing in the doorway to her office, hands on hips and apparently angry as hell. She stood abruptly, suddenly realizing she was stark naked except for her socks, which didn't cover much. She tried to cover herself and explain ( ha! ) and find her clothes all at once and accomplished none of those things, just yammering nonsensically. The professor held up a hand. 

" Stop. Don't bother, it's obvious what's going on here, and with a student? Lisa I am surprised at you." He said. 

She watched the professors glance take in her naked body, and then down to Julie who was also somehow naked. When the hell had that happened? Oh this was bad, so very bad. 

"I have to report this, you know that." The professor continued. Lisa was annoyed it had to be him, one of the few men at the school that she actually liked, and actually found halfway attractive. 

"I understand...just let me get dressed and then I will resign. "she said, eyes downcast. She hoped he just let her quit. If this got out, she'd have to leave the state to find another job. Julie jumped to her defense, running over to the professor, still naked and begging him 

"Please don't say anything professor, please. We'll do anything, just don't tell." The professor looked disconcerted by the proximity of the naked young teenager and tried to push her away. Julie persisted though, detailing her offer more thoroughly. 

"Please sir...." She begged...accenting her offer by placing her hand on the professor's crotch and squeezing. Lisa was about to tell Julie to stop making things worse when she noticed her colleague's instant and impressive reaction to Julie's hand. She decided to shut up and let things play out for a moment. After all, she had nothing to lose. 

"Julie...you know I can't...I mean I..." His voice trailed off as Julie upped the ante, opening his pants and taking his rapidly hardening dick in her mouth. 

"Wait, Julie...stop...this is wrong." he said, but with little conviction. Julie really was hard to stop when she got going, as Lisa knew all too well. The professors hand, almost of its own volition, placed itself at the back of Julies head and eased her deeper onto his big dick. Finally he pushed her off. 

"Ok, I must be insane, but I guess you areboth consenting adults...so..ok .... but! it has to be both of you or no deal. " he said...looking Lisa up and down, and obviously liking what he saw. 

Lisa was blindsided by this new development, and reddened quickly under his lustful gaze. Things were happening too quickly for her to process. Being stark naked in front of her co worker made her feel exposed and powerless, she couldn't even run. Where the hell were her clothes anyway? She felt herself reddening under the professor's increasingly lustful gaze, as Julie shamelessly returned to working his rather nice cock like a pro. 

"Well, Lisa? What do you say? " He asked her, opening his arms in a beckoning gesture. Lisa hesitated for just one moment, figured she had nothing to lose and everything to gain, added in the fact that by now she was super turned on again watching Julie's antics, steeled her nerve, and took the three steps over to the professor. She was expecting to drop to her knees and join Julie, but her co worker surprised her by taking her in his arms and kissing her fiercely and passionately as his hands roamed her body, one finally cupping her ass cheek, one finger lightly pressing into her instantly wet pussy from behind. 

" Oooooooh. " Lisa moaned, as he kissed her neck, ears, down to her perky little tits. Her body was responding quickly and totally, his rough treatment of her breasts with his teeth and tongue contrasting wonderfully with Julie's earlier soft caresses. Rarely was Lisa turned on to this extent by a guy, but her co worker was pushing all the right buttons. Her knees buckled a bit when Julie turned her attention back to her coach's hot little box, taking the older woman by surprise and bringing her closer to another earth shaking orgasm. Lisa was lost in a sea of passion, all inhibition gone. She gave no resistance when Julie pulled her down to her knees and offered her the professor's fat dick. She barely hesitated before taking him deeply into her hot mouth. Lisa had used blowjobs to avoid sex with guys for as long as she could remember, and she showed off her experience now. She took control of her colleague's cock now, Julie sliding easily to a subservient role under her coach's direction, working her teenage lips all over her professor's balls while Lisa got into a deep throated rhythm on the professor's monster rod. 

Now it was the professor's knees that threatened to fail him as the two nymphs attacked his hard on with gusto. He grabbed a hold of Lisa's silky brown hair with both hands and started to fuck her face with greater urgency, his hips lunging forward to meet her. Lisa knew he was close to blowing a load by instinct and tried once, weakly to pull off of him but he held her fast. Then it happened, the professor stiffened, let out a long low moan and pumped what seemed like a gallon of cum down Lisa's throat. The young teacher could feel her co workers cock pulsing over and over. She did her best to take it all, but despite her best efforts, some leaked out onto her face and chin and neck. The professor held her tight until he had spent himself, then let her fall back onto the floor, gasping for breath. Julie promptly grabbed his rapidly deflating cock and licked it clean. The girl never misses a beat, Lisa thought. She watched as Julie worked, perfectly in control of the situation, apparently. Lisa and the professor both seemed at a loss for anything to say at this point, the moment would have gotten awkward except for Julie, who stood, took Lisa's hand in hers and her professor's cock in her other hand and said

" Time to clean you two up! " and led them both along the hallway towards the girls showers. Lisa realized that the day's adventure wasn't quite over yet and she walked in a daze, unsure of what was coming next...

Lisa allowed herself to be led into the girl's showers, still in a bit of a daze from recent events. The professor hadn't said a word since fucking her face, also seemingly content to let Julie set the itinerary. Lisa admitted to herself with a grin that it was working out pretty well for him so far. She was very conscious of her nakedness again now, she felt herself reddening as the professor looked her over admiringly. Julie ran the nearest shower head, the noise of the water hitting the cold ceramic floor momentarily startling Lisa. Julie set the temperature quickly then ducked under the water, letting it fall all over her young body. She was posing a little, Lisa knew. And why not? The girl had an exquisite body, tanned and toned and not an ounce of fat anywhere. Lisa felt her pussy responding, a fact only made worse when the professor stepped under the water with Julie, soaping her up from behind. When he reached around and worked Julie's breasts with the soapy water Lisa could barely contain herself...when his hand reached between the young teens legs, she stopped trying. She moved under the water with her two new shower pals and helped the professor get Julie squeaky clean, paying special attention to her student's perky tits and shaved box. They soon turned the tables on the professor, who leaned his head back, letting the hot water pour over him as the two beauties covered him in suds, soapy breasts pressing against him all over and hungry little hands stroking his cock and balls. Lisa found herself holding her co worker's raging hard on, her hand sliding smoothly along its soapy length. 

She wanted it inside her badly at this point, her entire body was buzzing now, she had never felt so turned on in her life. Then suddenly it was her turn, Julie soaping her down from the front while the professor washed her back and ass. He then started to shampoo Lisa's hair, which the young teacher found incredibly erotic, his powerful hands gently rubbing the lather into her hair while his hard cock brushed her back and Julie brought her closer to another orgasm, all while the steamy hot water rained down on her and the shower room started to fog up. The professor rinsed her hair out, then reached down and grabbed her a little bit below her hips with both hands and lifted her off the ground, his cock now in better position for what Lisa hoped badly was coming next. She felt his fat cock against her ass cheeks and almost cried out, she wanted it so bad. All her inhibitions were long gone, and she relaxed her body, hanging almost limp in his arms, her pussy ready for her colleague's stiff dick. She was completely unprepared, therefore, when the professor shifted position slightly, bent his legs a little bit, and stuck his 8 inches of hard cock right up Lisa's ass. Her surprise was so complete that she never even fought or tried to clench her ass to keep him out. His first thrust took left his big rod about 4 inches into her virgin butt, her tiny body bounced once on the soapy monster and then settled onto it fully, balls deep in the young teachers tight back door. Lisa let out a sound that she barely recognized as her own voice, and tried to speak, but the professor wasted no time getting into a rhythm, grunting as he hammered her from behind, enjoying her tightness and helplessness, her feet still not touching the floor. Lisa couldn't catch her breath, and then Julie attacked her clit, and Lisa came so hard she almost passed out. When her orgasm hit, her body involuntarily tightened, including her ass, which clamped down on the professor's dick and made him let out a moan of his own as he lost it as well. Lisa could feel each spurt inside her ass, till he finally slipped out of her and let her drop to the floor under the hot water. Julie immediately went to work cleaning off his dick. She really was a very helpful girl, Lisa though inanely. She lay there on the shower floor, spent. Julie and the professor stood over her, smiling down at her naked body. 

"See you Monday, Lisa. 9 am, my office. We have a lot of work to do this semester. " The professor said. Julie's smile was filled with promise.