 I wasn't aware that there was some kind of radio broadcasters conference in my hotel when I booked my business trip. Had I known, I may have considered booking somewhere else and would have ended up missing out on the experience of a lifetime. There were a few signs around directing attendees to different events in different event spaces but otherwise there wasn't much indication that anything special was happening. Basically, it wouldn't have affected me in the least had I not stopped in the hotel bar for a pint after my day wrapped up. It was fairly busy but not packed so the bartender was also working as server to those not seated at the bar. She was just setting down a couple of cocktails at a table when I walked in and, after she made some brief small talk, she returned behind the bar and took my order.

"This is courtesy of those two ladies over there," she said as she set my beer in front of me.

"Seriously?" I asked, never having had a stranger buy me a drink in a bar in my entire forty-something years (or the twenty-some years I'd been legally allowed to frequent bars). I turned to see who my benefactors were and found myself pleasantly surprised. One looked like she was close to my age and the other was younger but they were both cute. The older one waved while the younger one looked embarrassed so I raised my glass and the older one beckoned me over. I dropped a couple of bucks on the bar for the bartender then headed over to their table.

"Hi, I'm Melanie and this is Alyssa," said the older one as she gestured for me to sit. I shook each of their hands.

"Thank you for the beer," I replied, "I think I will enjoy it even more in your company than I would have alone at the bar."

"We figured that anyone drinking in the hotel bar was probably from out of town and wouldn't know anyone," Melanie said.

"So where are you guys from?" I asked.

"Denver," Alyssa replied, finally speaking up.

"Are you here for the conference?" I asked.

"Yup," they both replied simultaneously.

"So you're both radio personalities in Denver?" I asked.

"Yes," Alyssa replied, "but not on the same station."

"Well that's just too cool," I said, "I'm drinking with celebrities."

"Local celebrities," Melanie replied, emphasizing the word "local."

"And the people of Denver may even argue that," Alyssa replied and we all laughed.

We continued chatting, covering where I was from, why I was in town and what I did for a living as well as how they were enjoying the conference.

"I'd have been bored out of my mind if I hadn't run into Alyssa," Melanie confessed.

"Oh, you guys didn't come together?" I asked.

They looked at each other wide-eyed and both burst out laughing.

"We didn't arrive together," Alyssa clarified, "but we most definitely came together."

"Neither of us knew the other would be here and we were only casually acquainted anyway," Melanie continued, "but once we bumped into each other, we went out and had some fun then we went back to my room and had some more fun."

"It's funny because we had both decided that, since we wouldn't know anyone," Alyssa went on, "we'd do something crazy and maybe have a story to tell on-air when we got back."

"Only what we did to each other would not be suitable for the airwaves," Melanie said.

"Anyway, we were talking earlier about how much fun it had been," Alyssa said, "but how much more fun it could be if we also had a cock to share."

"So we figured we'd sit here until we found someone who might be interested in joining us," Melanie explained, "Is it safe to assume you'd be interested in joining us?"

"I'm so aroused right now," I replied, "and grateful for the invitation so I don't have to take matters into my own hands."

"Let's go then," Alyssa said, "I can't wait to get my mouth on your cock."

The bill had already been settled so we got up and headed for the elevator. They'd both been stuck in rooms with two queen beds so we went to my room since I had a king. We weren't alone in the elevator so we kept things innocent aside from some surreptitious ass groping. Once we'd exited on my floor, we hustled down the hall to my room and were quickly inside. At the foot of the bed, they both started undressing me. My shirt was quickly gone and my jeans were being opened while my shoes were coming off. My jeans and underwear came down together, my rigid cock springing out. Alyssa took it in her hand and gently pumped it before wrapping her lips around it. I moaned as she slid her mouth up and down my shaft a few times before handing me off to Melanie, who likewise engulfed my tool and slid her mouth up and down. They alternated back and forth, kneeling before me as I looked down, watching and feeling blessed for my good fortune.

I wouldn't have said that one of them was better than the other; their techniques were similar enough though they weren't identical. Both provided a significant amount of pleasure and were clearly experienced at sucking a thick, hard cock. There was no way I was going to stop them and suggest that we get them undressed so we could all be heading toward our own orgasms. There would be plenty of time for that because it wasn't going to take very long before I was shooting a load down one of their throats. I was also confident that, once their clothes started coming off, I'd be on my way to being rigid and ready to go again pretty quickly. As my cock grew even thicker with the approach of my orgasm, neither of them appeared to be affected, though neither of them appeared to be trying harder to make me cum, either. I suspected that they were both appreciating having my cock in their mouths so they weren't necessarily in a hurry to be done and move on.

When I did finally start to spew, it was into Alyssa's mouth. She received the first couple of shots before having Melanie take over so they'd both get some. They alternated until I was fully spent then both sat back on their heels while looking up at me.

"Outstanding," I told them.

"We're just getting started," Melanie replied. I helped them both up and kissed each of them while fondling their boobs through their shirts and bras.

"Go get comfortable," Alyssa said, "while we put on a little show for you."

I got on the bed and propped myself up against the headboard with some pillows then watched as they started to undress. Their figures were similar, a bit curvy with big boobs, but Melanie, aside from being older, had black hair while Alyssa's was brown. They both shed their shirts first, revealing that both had packed pretty sexy bras for their trip. Their jeans went next and I was pleased to see Alyssa wearing bikini panties that matched her bra while Melanie was wearing a thong that matched hers. As they leaned forward while pushing their jeans down, both gave me a nice long look at their cleavage. I could feel the blood already returning to my spent cock. Before going any further, they gave me plenty of opportunity to admire them in just bras and panties.

When I gave them the thumbs up to continue, they didn't reach behind themselves to unfasten their own bras. Melanie stepped behind Alyssa and cupped her tits, causing another surge of blood down to my recovering member. Alyssa clearly wasn't taken by surprise having her tits fondled but they had mentioned having fun together. When Melanie finally unfastened Alyssa's bra and started to slide it down her arms, her large, pink areolas were revealed, followed by her hard nipples. Melanie cupped Alyssa's bare tits as her bra dropped to the floor, caressing the soft smooth flesh while making me anxious to do it myself. Alyssa turned and they kissed briefly before trading places as Alyssa cupped Melanie's tits then removed her bra. Melanie's areolas were a bit smaller and slightly darker but their tits were definitely comparable in size.

Alyssa fondled Melanie's bare tits briefly then dropped down behind her where it appeared that she massaged Melanie's bare ass before starting to slide down her thong panties. Melanie turned around and bent over enough that her ass was pointed at me as the narrow strip of material was removed from between her cheeks. I got just a quick glimpse of her pussy peeking from below her ass before she straightened up and turned to face me again, her trim, black bush just being revealed. It was a bit wider than a landing strip but neatly edged and begging for my face to be buried in it. After stepping out of her panties, she turned a couple of times to allow me to admire her entire body fully naked then she helped Alyssa to her feet. They kissed and fondled each other's bare tits before Melanie started to slide Alyssa's bikini panties down.

Alyssa was facing me and Melanie was behind her but watching my reaction. As Alyssa's panties slid farther and farther down, her bush never came into view because it turned out that she didn't have one. She was waxed completely smooth and I think that, by the time her entire pussy was revealed, I was actually leaning forward, staring at it. I wasn't sure whose pussy I wanted to eat first now but I had no doubt I'd get to eat and fuck both of them before the night was through. My cock was almost fully rigid but, before they climbed onto the bed to take advantage of it, they spent another minute or so making out and feeling each other up. By the time they turned to me again, I was hard as a rock and they didn't fail to notice.

"You can have the first ride on his cock," Melanie said in a tone of acquiescence after Alyssa made puppy-dog eyes at her. I didn't have a preference as far as who was first since I expected to experience both of them completely and thoroughly. They both climbed onto the bed, their boobs bouncing as I tried to take in every detail of both of their bodies while sliding down until I was flat on my back. When Alyssa straddled me, my attention was drawn to her smooth pussy as she guided my cock toward it. Melanie had moved up close to my head but she was also watching as Alyssa lowered herself onto my cock and we both moaned. Her pussy was quite snug and incredibly hot and wet so the pleasure I felt as it engulfed my cock was intense. She started to ride me slowly and I watched my cock disappearing into her until Melanie straddled my head and blocked my view. Of course I had no issue with gazing instead at the dark, trim bush that was now before me. I only admired it for a moment, though, before I ran my tongue along her slit and she moaned, too.

I grabbed an ass cheek in each hand and was slurping up the juices flowing from Melanie's pussy while still savoring the feel of Alyssa's pussy sliding up and down my cock. Melanie was bracing herself on the headboard so, when I glanced upward, I saw her tits swinging overhead. I knew I had to not only get my hands on both of their tits but also slide my cock between both sets. I couldn't imagine that anything could feel as good as Alyssa's pussy did, sliding up and down my cock, but I knew I'd have to confirm. When I focused my licking and sucking on Melanie's clit while slipping a couple of fingers into her hot, wet pussy, she started moaning louder and subtly humping her pussy toward my face. My other hand still had a grip on her ass but I ended up reaching it toward Alyssa's smooth pussy so that I could caress her clit as she was riding me. She let out a louder moan, too, and continued riding me harder and faster.

As improbable as it seemed, both of their pussies were becoming even hotter and wetter while their moans were getting louder and longer. I liked that neither of them seemed very subdued when it came to expressing the pleasure that they were feeling. I also wondered whether I had any neighbors that might be hearing the two of them. I was definitely happy that I seemed to be successfully pleasuring both of them simultaneously rather than each only getting half the pleasure because I was dividing my attention. Not only were they both apparently building toward orgasms but, despite my focus on both of them, I was still enjoying the feel of Alyssa's pussy sliding up and down my cock as well the taste and feel of Melanie's pussy as I devoured it. I'd have been more than happy to remain in this exact position for much longer than I ended up there but I definitely didn't hold their orgasms and desire for a change against them.

Alyssa ended up cumming first, riding me so hard and fast that I wished I could see her bouncing tits. She finally dropped down and just sat on my cock for a moment before letting out a cry and starting to shake hard enough that the bed was vibrating. I don't know if Alyssa cumming helped Melanie along or if she just happened to be that close but, before Alyssa had gone still and silent, Melanie let out a cry and started shaking herself. My fingers were flooded with even more lubrication so I definitely wanted to slip my cock into her once she'd finished cumming. I'd brought my hand back from caressing Alyssa's clit to holding Melanie's ass as she was cumming so Alyssa just sat there recovering with my cock still embedded inside her.

Melanie's orgasm appeared to be as long and pleasurable as Alyssa's had been and I would have been more than happy to continue eating her pussy if she hadn't climbed off of my face once she'd finished cumming. I watched her trim bush moving away then focused on Alyssa's naked body as I sucked Melanie's juices off my fingers. Melanie had Alyssa climb off of my cock which remained rigid and pointing at the ceiling. They kissed briefly before helping me to sit up then I got onto my knees as Alyssa propped herself up on the pillows against the headboard. Still on her knees, Melanie lowered her head between Alyssa's legs and started lapping at her pussy. I didn't have to ask what I should do as Melanie's ass was sticking up and just waiting for my hips to start tapping against it.

Moving to kneel behind her, I guided my cock into her hot, slippery pussy, causing both of us to moan. She wasn't as snug as Alyssa but that didn't mean I enjoyed the feeling of sliding my cock into her any less. Once my hips were pressed against her ass, I held her hips and started to slowly fuck her as she was devouring Alyssa's smooth pussy. I was watching the ecstatic expression on Alyssa's face as well as looking at her tits and thinking again about fucking them as I was sliding the full length of my rigid cock in and out of Melanie. I was maintaining a slow pace because I didn't want to start forcing her face into Alyssa's pussy and throwing off their groove since Alyssa was quite obviously enjoying Melanie's oral talents. I was fine with fucking her slowly, anyway, because her hot, wet pussy felt so good that I wanted to savor it.

I did slip my hands up from her hips to cup her dangling tits, feeling her hard nipples against my palms. As I leaned forward, I could also watch her devouring Alyssa's pussy if I leaned to one side or the other. While this was highly arousing, it made fucking her a little bit more difficult so I contented myself with fondling her tits while ogling Alyssa's. I had a pretty good idea that this wouldn't be my only opportunity to watch some up-close pussy eating by one of them or the other before the night was over. Alyssa continued to get louder the longer Melanie was eating her pussy while Melanie's pussy continued to get hotter and wetter the longer I was fucking her. Despite how good Melanie's pussy felt, I wasn't in danger of cumming again too quickly but Alyssa was definitely on the verge and I hoped that Melanie was, too.

I could see Alyssa starting to arch her back while her expression was telling me that she was experiencing a high level of pleasure. I wasn't remotely surprised when she let out a wail and started shaking. Melanie kept her head down and continued to eat her, only raising her head once Alyssa had gone still and let out a content-sounding sigh. At that point, Melanie started pushing back against my incoming thrusts so I straightened up and held her hips once again, fucking her harder. It was her turn to start moaning steadily, now that she didn't have a pussy in her mouth. I was looking down at her ass, which jiggled a bit each time my hips tapped against it, especially as she was pushing back harder and I was trying to keep up her pace.

I still wasn't getting close to cumming yet but fucking Melanie felt so good that I hadn't even begun to consider what I wanted to do once she'd cum. Actually, I had considered it but it completely escaped my mind for the moment as I enjoyed sliding my cock in and out of Melanie's hot, wet pussy. Alyssa was just sitting there, watching us and looking thoroughly satisfied as she recovered. Melanie finally pushed back and just held there with my cock fully embedded inside her then let out a cry and started shaking. Her orgasm was long and appeared to be highly pleasurable, so I was happy to have been able to provide them both with what they'd hoped for in inviting me to join them.

Once Melanie's orgasm had run its course, I slipped out of her and backed up a bit. She moved to one side so I grabbed Alyssa's legs and pulled her down the bed until she was flat on her back. I moved up to straddle her and lay my cock between her tits, having recalled what it was that I wanted to do next. I gently squeezed her tits against my cock and started to slowly fuck them, enjoying the feel of the soft, smooth flesh both against my cock and in my hands. Alyssa's and Melanie's attention was on my cockhead as it repeatedly appeared from Alyssa's cleavage. My attention was there initially as well but with Melanie kneeling naked nearby, I was also checking her out. As I admired her big tits and trim, dark bush, I could feel my orgasm building as I fucked Alyssa's tits. Melanie caught me checking her out and blushed but moved so that I could first check out her ass then she positioned herself so that she could spread her legs for me to check out her pussy.

My cock was swelling even more as I was getting closer to cumming, both due to the feel of Alyssa's tits against my cock and the visuals that Melanie was providing. I certainly didn't want to be done fucking Alyssa's tits but I knew blowing my load on her chest was going to feel awesome. Plus, since I had managed to fuck both of them already before reaching this point, it wasn't like it was going to be too soon. Melanie must have realized that I was getting close to cumming because she moved so that she had a close-up view. I was trying not to fuck Alyssa's tits harder or faster so I was moaning due to the drawn-out build-up. When I finally started spewing onto Alyssa's sternum, my moans became more like a grunt. I continued to thrust with each spurt, savoring the pleasurable feeling until I was fully spent.

Melanie leaned forward even more and they both were spreading my cum around then licking it off of their fingers. I moved off to the side and, seeing Alyssa's smooth pussy just drew me in, so I positioned myself on my stomach between her spread legs. Being that close to it, I started just by admiring how nice her smooth pussy looked before running my tongue along her slit and causing her to moan. She was overflowing with juices, which I eagerly lapped up as they continued to clean my cum off of her chest. Once they were apparently finished, Melanie got up and straddled Alyssa's head so, as I was slipping a finger into her snug pussy while licking and sucking her slit, I was watching as Alyssa began to lap at Melanie's pussy with a hand gripping each of her ass cheeks.

I could feel my cock already trying to recover as I watched Alyssa eating Melanie's pussy while I was happily devouring Alyssa's. Aside from that, I could also see Alyssa's succulent tits that, despite having just fucked them, I still found just as alluring. I was the only one not moaning as the two of them were each building toward another orgasm but I was fine with that because the night was young and I knew there would still be a lot more opportunity for me to moan. There were many more positions to try for fucking, as well as for eating pussy, and not all of them would involve the bed. In the meantime, I continued to slide my finger in and out of Alyssa's snug, slippery pussy while licking and sucking her clit. She had slipped a couple of fingers into Melanie's pussy so I couldn't see what her tongue was doing but I assumed it was working on Melanie's clit. Melanie appeared to be bracing herself on the headboard with one hand while alternately fondling each of her tits with the other.
