 Never drink two glasses of Absinthe and then stay up all night when you have to go to your office assistant job in the morning. Jane couldn't sleep because she'd been up all night masturbating, an unexpected side affect of the foreign liquor she'd decided to try on a whim. 

Now she was sitting at a desk in an office floor full of people, silly from lack of sleep and still horny. Nine times she'd gotten off last night and she was still feeling the need. She was getting desperate. She couldn't sleep until the need was met and she was starting to suspect it wouldn't go away until she had been well and truly fucked.

She'd been wet for so long her pussy felt like pruned skin after a hot bath. She ached in strange places from her strenuous night, like the back of her calves and the length of her fingers. Her bottom lip was numb.

The situation was hopeless. She didn't have a significant other or even any insignificant ones. She was so desperate she'd started eyeing up her co-workers. They all seemed calm, busy, smiling. She wished rectal cancer on each and every one of them. And it's possible she would have told them so, but then Jane saw Bruce walking down the hall; a semi-big boss in management with his own office and enough money for designer ties. 

Something in the turn of his mouth, the slight heave in his breath, the delicacy of his steps resonated in her as a kindred spirit in need of a good pipe cleaning. Bruce even had a well-earned and highly rated reputation with the ladies. She'd gladly go proposition him right now if it weren't for one thing.

At last years office Christmas party had shocked everyone by turning up with a hot young boyfriend on his arm. Past lovers denied it, he'd obviously been enjoying it way too much to secretly be playing for the other team the entire time. Jane simply concluded he swung both ways. Whatever the truth it was obvious Bruce had firmly swung towards Davey.

Davey was always coming into the office to meet Bruce for lunch and last time she was in his office, Jane saw a framed picture of the two looking adoringly at each other on Bruce's desk. Bruce had always seemed nothing less than completely satisfied with his young lover. Until now. Maybe something had happened. They had had a fight or were on a break. Jane's lust clouded her mind and before she knew it she was on her feet walking towards the door that Bruce had just entered, his office. He wouldn't usually say yes but then she wouldn't usually ask. This wasn't even a usual situation it was an emergency. 

Jane opened to the door of the large, spacious office. Shuttered windows along the back wall and a large heavy looking desk taking up the space at the center of the room. Bruce was sitting at the desk, head bent, leaning his elbows on it as he ran his large fingers through his short dark hair. His jacket was off and with sleeves pushed up he appeared the very epitome of frustration. 

Jane locked the door, pulled out her shirt and started unbuttoning it as she walked towards him. He didn't even notice until she rolled his chair back and hiking up her flowing skirt a little, perched on the end of his desk in front of him. 

"Jane, wha--?" She grabbed his hand and placed it firmly on her breast, feeling his fingertips through the thin material of her bra. 

"Don't say you haven't missed this." She said. Rolling his hand over her breast and moving the other under her skirt to rub against her damp underwear. 

"Full breasts, a hot tight pussy squeezing you in deeper. Hotter. Harder." She started to twitch and roll under his hands.

So far his expression from shocked to curious to longing. His mouth going first dry then rushing with saliva. His hands started to move on their own, quickly taking her tit into a firm grasp, leaning her back he removed his other hand from her panties to sweep everything out from under her as he lay her down on the desk. 

The hand quickly returned to pull her underwear of her hips and down her slowly widening legs. The other hand was pulling the cloth of her bra away to expose her breast but quickly joined the other in the task of removing her nickers. He was frantic now fumbling his pants down, he pulled open a drawer and fumbled through it with shaking hands, growling when he couldn't find what he needed. 

"It's okay, I'm on the pill." She'd barely finished the words before his warm, hard cock was poking its way into her. Hard little jabs, further in with each dart inside. Bruce's pants were around his ankles, Jane could just see his hard butt muscles clenching up with each push. His face was scrunched up tight and Jane leaned up to hear what he was whispering. 

"Need this. Oh, so long. So good! Oh, fuck yeah baby, take it!" Suddenly his jabs became harder, pushing his cock all the way inside her over and over again until she could feel his balls bouncing against her ass. He pinned down Jane's arms and her legs reflexively moved higher and further apart. 

"Oh yeah, fuck me. Oh, fuck it into me! Yes your big dick is inside me, fuck me, oh fuck me so hard."

"You're a little bitch, yeah. Whore wants some dick?"

"Yes." She whined. His cock driving her into the desk. Thrust! Thrust! Thrust! Thrust!

"Your pussy feels good with my dick in it?" Jane squeezed and moaned out her answer.

"Yes! Your hard, fat cock was made to fuck me!" 

"Maybe." A different voice said. "But his ass was made to be fucked by me."

Neither of them had noticed Davey use his key to unlocking the door, looking in, entering or re-locking the door behind him. They managed to stop moving, Bruce still buried balls deep inside Jane who was spread like a whore across the desk. 

"Don't get up." Davey said, one hand raised palm out as he walked towards them. Bruce, his face like a deer in the headlights moved like he was going to withdraw, but lanky, long haired Davey said, his voice like stone.

"Don't. Move." 

Bruce and Jane watched Bruce's boyfriend come up to them with wide eyes. Breaths hitched in passion were quickly turning to fear. Davey was unreadable as he moved up directly behind Bruce and reached down, fumbling for a moment. Bruce yelped a sound of pleasure/pain and Davey held up a still lubed butt plug.

"I'd been keeping him prepared for my afternoon visit, but it seems he couldn't wait that long." He said, looking directly at Jane. Then turning his head so his lips where at Bruce's ear. 

"Tell me. Do you want to fuck this woman? Hard. Fast. Coming and coming inside her until your cream is pouring out of her?" 

Bruce moaned and Jane realized Davey was running his finger around the place where she and Bruce were joined. It sent electric sparks right to her clit. As if sensing this Davey's fingers made their way up and started rubbing her clit in ever shrinking circles. She started to relax back down.

"And tell me, do you want to get fucked by me? Hard. Full. Holding you down as I mate you with my seed?" Davey had removed his pants as he talked and at the first graze of Davey's hard cock against his open, lubed ass Bruce screamed and eyelids fluttering started frantically fucking forward into Jane and back against Davey.

Davey smacked his hand over Bruce's mouth.

"Shut up!"

Bruce went statue still. 

"I said Don't. Move." Davey growled.

Jane could hardly believe this was the same young man she'd met at the Christmas party. He'd seemed so laid back. And Bruce had always been so controlling in the office, so completely in command. 

She watched as Davey's hand trailed over Bruce's lips, down his neck to settle at the base of Bruce's collarbone. Then smirking he leaned Bruce further over Jane, pushing his if even possible now harder, bigger cock further into her ready pussy.

Davey looked down and Jane assumed her was using the hand that wasn't holding Bruce in place to aim his dick into Bruce's waiting hole. Pretty soon he was moving up and down as he slowly fucked his dick all the way into Bruce's ass and back out again. Bruce was barely holing in his pitiful whines. 

"You." Davey said, and Jane realized he was talking to her. "Get the fuck up and start pushing him into you. Slowly."

Jane couldn't imagine disobeying him. She moved her feet to the edge of the desk for leverage, with one hand flat on the desk and the other rubbing her mound, she gently started rocking forward. Pushing Bruce's hard dick in and out of her hot, slick pussy. Both men's eyes watching her. Bruce stayed rock still. 

"You feel this? You're being fucked everywhere, boy." Davey started fucking Bruce faster and Jane eagerly copied him. Bruce couldn't help arching his back, opening his mouth in a helpless "O" as he submitted his neck to Davey. He was nothing more than a living puppet on the end of the other mans dick. Jane wanted it.

"Ah. Please. Both of you fuck me." She slowed the pace she was fucking herself onto Bruce and looked pleadingly at Davey. 

"Please. Use him to fuck me. I want to feel the power of your cock through his."

Davey gave a huge grin and stopped his pounding of Bruce causing the other man to wail his head from side to side in frustration. 

"Move how I move." He commanded Bruce. Then buried to the hilt he leaned flat against Bruce's back and placed his hands on Jane's hips. 

Like a steam machine it started out slow, the two men moving in unison, Bruce almost in tears finally being able to move, surrendering to the other man's pace. Davey was smirking right at her as he sped up, jabbing Bruce's dick in and out of her faster and faster. Bruce used his arms to hold leverage on the table while Davey used his to lift Jane's legs and spread them as far apart as he could.

"Yessss." Davey hissed, throwing his head back as he dragged her by the legs further into Bruce's huge, swollen dick. Davey power fucking them with his legs spread apart. Jane's swollen clit was now grating against Bruce's rippled abs as their tightly packed bodies fucked desperately for completion. 

"Oh yeah you like that? Little bitch likes to get double fucked?"

Jane whined like a dog.

"Oh yeah do me. Do me good. Oh I can feel you fucking me through his dick."

Davey smirked and turned his head to Bruce.

"Bruce is my little whore."

"I'm his little whore."

"He's a slut for my dick."

"Yes slut me, slut me with your dick!"

"Brucey likes getting fucked."

"Pound me, pound me, please sir I need to spill so bad!"

"In her!"

Bruce's eyes widened to blackness and suddenly he was fucking her just as hard as Davey was. Jane heard the loud clap of Davey smacking Bruce's ass, edging him on. She reached up to put her hands around Bruce's neck as she started grazing her clit against his body, molding the double-dick in the confines of her raw pussy where it squeezed round and round every millisecond and Davey's hand came up her arm to curl hard around Bruce's throat so Jane wrapped her leg around them both and felt how hard Davey's ass was working his red hot fuck pole into Bruce faster and faster. 

Davey's teeth were grating and he snarled. "Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes, Yes. TAKE IT FUCK TOYS!"

And she couldn't tell if they were in unison anymore it was all so hard and rough and fast and Davey screaming "Take it! Take it! Take it! Take it!" Then her mind retreated and there was only her body, for a seconds that lasted an eternity, rutting her into exhaustion. 

When she came back Bruce had collapsed on top of her. He wasn't heavy, or maybe she wasn't feeling it through the pleasant numbness that was her lower body. 

Davey was still standing, running a soothing hand over Bruce's abused neck. He pulled out and grabbed some tissues from the desk. After cleaning up he pulled the mostly unconscious Bruce off of Jane and moved him to the sofa. 

Jane had used some tissue to clean up. Pulling down her skirt and re-buttoning her shirt, she wobbled over to the sofa and slumped onto the other side where Davey was gently trying to rouse Bruce. 

"Thank you." She said to Davey. "I wouldn't have jumped him if it wasn't an emergency, he seemed as in need as I was."

Davey leaned over and grinning he gave her hand a kiss. 

"This little surprise reminded me to take better care of what is mine. It's been a pleasure, Miss Jane."

"Mm." Bruce added, his fingers twisting through Davey's hair the only sign he wasn't asleep.

"He won't be coherent for a while. Go back to work."

And with a parting grin she did, but only long enough to make her excuses and head home.

That night? She'd never slept so well.