 Since entering the sexual mayhem of my university professor and his wife Sophie I had embarked upon a frenzy of new sexual experiences. After my last session I was exhausted and I had spent the rest of the week mainly in the University library, dozing behind the huge piles of books I was supposed to be studying.

I had almost recovered by the weekend which was just as well as my girlfriend was coming up to stay. I did my duty, which is to say that I fucked her hard both Friday and Saturday night; but I almost made the mistake of trying to stick my cock in her arse. This was something I had never done to her before and which was not on her list of things to do with me or anyone else for that matter. The trouble was that I had experienced so much sexual variety recently, that it now seemed quite normal to fuck her in each vacant hole. The contrast between my girlfriend's conventional courting and the passion of the Prof's sessions was hard to adjust to, I felt off balance and slightly queasy with life.

However, this feeling didn't last long and after a quiet start to the week I received an e-mail from the Prof.

"We would like to invite you to dinner on Thursday evening if you are free. Apart from you there will be one other guest."

I replied in the affirmative but wondered who else would be there and what they would be like. As I let my imagination embrace the Prof's potential for sexual pleasure, a tingle ran up my cock and it thickened to hardness. I steadied myself, I would need all my strength if I was to play a full part in the Prof's next orgy - these pastimes weren't spectator sports.

On Thursday evening as I walked through the streets of Victorian houses on the way to the Prof's dinner party my cock was swollen with anticipation; although a certain nervousness in me had prevented it from gaining a rock-hard state. Who would be joining us? Male, female, young or old?

I soon found out as the Prof opened the door and led me into the front sitting room. There perched on a pale green sofa was an exquisite young woman of maybe twenty. The Prof introduced us somewhat formally,"Michael, this is Amelia."

She stood up and shook my hand. Amelia was a pretty blond, quite tall, lovely legs and small boobs. I fancied her from the start.

"Amelia's in her final year" the Prof said, "and she's a keen student." There was a clear double meaning in the Prof's words and his wife Sophie giggled out an "Indeed she is!"

After small talk about subject courses and post-graduate opportunities it was time for dinner. As we withdrew into the dining room I walked behind Amelia, watching how her firm arse cheeks moved under her tight mini skirt. I started to get hard.

Looking across at her during dinner confirmed my opinion that she was a special being; not only was she beautiful, she was also strangely bashful. As our eyes met across the table she suddenly averted her gaze and stared down at her plate. I detected a slight crimson on those pale cheeks. 

After the formality of dinner was over and we had returned to the sitting room everyone seemed to know what was to follow. Sophie took charge as usual, directing the Prof and I to sit on one of the sofas, while she sat opposite with Amelia.

Almost at once Sophie started to strip Amelia before shedding her own clothes. For a moment they both stood naked together, and what a contrast. Sophie with her huge dangling breasts and Amelia with erect nipples but virtually no tits at all. Sophie was shorter than Amelia whose long legs seemed to go on forever up to her shaven pussy. Amelia was certainly pretty and she had an innocence which made her all the more attractive; however, this innocence didn't stop her dropping to her knees in front of Sophie and then burying her head between Sophie's legs. This was just a preliminary as both women sank slowly to the floor entwined in an erotic embrace.

The Prof started fumbling with my flies and began playing with my cock as we watched Amelia kneeling between Sophie's open legs as though paying homage to her hairy cunt. She went down on Sophie like an expert and if Sophie's delightful squeals were anything to go by, Amelia knew how to lick a cunt.

The Prof let go of my cock and leaned forward to get a better view.

"That's what years at a girls' boarding school teaches you" he said.

I nodded in agreement, mesmerised by the panting bodies entangled below. The next minute the Prof turned to me, undid my belt and pulled my trousers and pants down to my knees. He gently grasped my cock and started to wank it up and down with one hand, while with the other he massaged me between my balls.

The Prof stared at my cock, "Well Michael, it's clear that you are enjoying the spectacle too." With that he leaned forward and took my cock in his mouth, continuing to play with my balls. I could feel my sperm beginning its journey up my shaft, but I didn't want to cum yet so I stalled for time.

"Prof let's get our clothes off." We both stripped naked displaying two magnificent erections sticking boldly out from our bodies. The Prof might have been a lot older than me, but his cock was a magnificent specimen.

Amelia was now using one hand to gently massage Sophie's clit, while with the other she began to ease her fingers up into Sophie's gaping cunt. First two, then three and then her whole hand seemed to disappear as Amelia thrust her hand in and out, in and out as Sophie grunted and groaned with increasing pleasure. Then the Prof was on the floor as well, squeezing Sophie's nipples in time with Amelia's thrusts. I joined them reaching under Sophie's bottom to slide a finger into her arse hole. Sophie began bucking and flexing as she raced to orgasm, and then with a screamed, echoing "FUCK" she came. 

All was still. I looked up and saw Amelia's face - it was bright red as though she had been caught in an embarrassing situation. Sophie lay panting on the carpet her eyes glazed as though she had been drugged with some exotic potion.

In the lull brought on by the girls' exhaustion the Prof and I resumed our fondling. This time I took the lead as I gripped his hard cock in my right hand and his balls in my left. I began to wank him rhythmically with five very fast motions followed by ten very slow movements. He was soon twitching with excitement as his sperm rose and fell with each different agitation of my hand. While I was wanking him I was aware that both Amelia and Sophie had recovered and were watching us avidly. Out of the corner of my eye I could see their hands gently moving between their legs as their excitement recharged their sexual batteries. In the end the Prof could take no more and he pushed away my hand. "Stop Michael, I am going to fuck Amelia."

He helped Amelia up and led her to the sofa. She laid back and opened her legs. For moment I saw some glistening cunt juice seeping from her bald pussy. The next minute the Prof's cock was in her and she was receiving a very hard fucking. How she took it all I'll never know, but the Prof fucked her in every conceivable way and Amelia seemed to orgasm with every new position. He finished off by bouncing her up and down, impaled upon his hard cock. After he had cum Amelia slid off him onto the floor. She seemed dazed and listless, almost like a discarded rag doll; some of the Prof's cum oozed out onto her upper leg.

I was rock hard and Sophie stared at my erection. With a slight smile she said :-

"Well Michael, you'd better fuck Amelia in her arse hole."

In an instant Amelia came back to life and assumed a kneeling position. She put her hands back and pulled apart her arse cheeks. She squealed slightly as I eased my cock in, first the head and then the rest of the shaft. It was a tight fit but she took it all. I started gently fucking her with a slow movement and not too forceful as I didn't want to cum while the evening was still young. After a while I withdrew my cock and laid back onto the carpet. I steadied my cock with one hand while Amelia still facing away from me, instinctively squatted over me and lowered her arse upon it. This time she let out a slight "ooooh" as my cock slid up her arse hole and lodged itself deep within.

To begin with Amelia was somewhat restrained as she began to move slowly up and down on my cock's slippery shaft. But then suddenly she started riding with such a frenzied intensity that I had to grab her around the waist to slow her down. Her vigorous motions almost bounced her off my cock with each rapid rise of her slim body. I had an excellent view of Amelia's small rounded buttocks as she rose and fell on my shaft and I fought hard not to cum. 

Then Sophie joined us, leaning forward to take each of Amelia's small tits in her hands so she could interrupt her movements and bring her to a standstill. Next she gently pushed Amelia back so that she lay flat upon me, still impaled upon my cock. I couldn't see but I soon felt Sophie's fingers enter Amelia's cunt, first one - then two, then all of them. Amelia began to murmur as Sophie's fingers extended inside her. Then I felt Sophie's fingers pushing against the fleshy wall of Amelia's cunt and rubbing against the head of my cock embedded deep inside her rectum. It was an incredible feeling and I couldn't hold back, soon I was shooting a torrent of hot cum deep inside her. As Amelia shook whimpering with her own orgasm I heard Sophie's posh voice mutter "Young people today, they have no staying power."

* * * * 

The next time I saw Amelia she was in the university refectory drinking coffee, the artificial light highlighting her blond hair. She looked reproachfully at me as I sat down next to her. She had a cute but serious face.

"I couldn't walk for two days after the arse fucking you gave me the other night."

I looked around, embarrassed someone might have heard her. Then she smiled, "We must do it again sometime."