 (This story contains bi-curious situations. If you wish to avoid reading about two married couples exploring all aspects of their sexuality, please choose another story.)

Lori nodded as Sheri spoke to her, a dreamy smile spreading across her lips. 

I told her about our husbands trying to trap me on the bed when I woke them up. "I think I'd like to try that, dress up a little, tease them until the two of them got hold of me and pulled me into bed between them."

I winked at her. "Our guys are still asleep, but I saw a couple of cute guys in the next cabin, and one of them has a girlfriend too." 

Lori's smile widened. "Two good looking guys next door and a girl friend too; she anywhere near as sexy as you?"

I ignored her question and Lori watched me take the cloth belt out of one of the bathrobes, her eyes wide as I folded it and snapped it taught. She stood there, her hips cocked to one side, her fingertips smoothing the satiny boy shorts, caressing the bare skin curving below the high cut cheek panties and held my eyes as put the belt around her neck, raking her hair back with my fingertips, I wrapped the soft terrycloth over the eyes, crossed the ends and doubled it back over and tied it tightly behind her. 

Stepping back, I walked around her. She looked so sexy in her black panties and a too small bra, her blond hair gathered at her neck, the ends of the white belt flowing between her shoulder blades. I was her fluffer, tweaking her nipples through her tight bra, raking my fingernails up the back of her legs and over her rear end and kneeling down, I reached between her legs, rubbing the panties between her lips, pushing hard, feeling her squirm.

"I'll be right back" I called as I stepped out through the bedroom door, and glancing back, I stopped to watch her press the blindfold against her eyes, then run her hand down her neck and over her breasts, moving slowly down as she spread her knees. 

After a quick heads up to our husbands, I walked Lori to the front door.

"We're going outside?" Lori whispered as I pushed her out into the fragrant night. The other cabins were dark, the grounds deserted.

I had to almost drag the hesitant Lori across the damp lawn; she clung to my hand as I pulled her around some trees, her rapid breathing rasping as I stopped her behind a shrub, whispering in her ear. "Quiet now, someone's on the path." She was a contrast in black and white; black panties pulled tighter between her legs as she knelt down, our knees in the dew soaked grass, the strap of her black bra and the white belt standing out in the moonlight. 

We knelt there in the darkness, Lori still, statue-like, her hand trembling as we waited for the imaginary late night strollers to move on. 

When I pulled her to her feet she tried to pull away from me, her hand at the blindfold; "I want to go back to our room, Sheri, this is freaking me out."

"No going back now, Lori, I can see the guys standing at their door and they'll catch both of us if we run. Sorry girlfriend, but it's you they want and it's you they're going to have."

I had her by the elbow, gripping her firmly as I led her to the first step up to the patio, propelling her up onto the deck, my hand at the small of her back, the men stepping back as we walked between them. 

Our husbands acted like strangers receiving a rare gift. One of them was behind her, the other in front, his hands on her chest, taking the measure of her breasts. Her nipples grew hard under the stranger's fingers. 

Standing close enough for Lori to hear me, I whispered "turn on the porch light you're done with her". 

I stepped silently into the room and rolled the glass door closed, my body warming as I watched the nearly naked woman standing between the fully clothed men. 

"Ummm, my name is Lori" she said softly, a tremor in her voice, "what's yours?"

Her question hung in the air.

Lori was alone with the two men, their rough double kneed work pants and dusty shirts leading to more doubts. Could it be Ben who got down on his knees and pressed his face between her legs, his mouth wrapped around the swell of her pussy, his hands pulling down on her panties. Could it be her husband, Arnie, who held her from behind, his hands on her bare cheeks, licking the exposed skin left bare as the damp panties were pulled down, inch by inch, reminding her how vulnerable she was. 

"Ben... Arnie?" 

"Sheri?"

Lori felt the cool night air between her legs her body tensed as hot breath bathed her exposed skin. 

Were they stranger's lips that kissed their way up her spine; was it one of the 'cute guys next door' whose rough work pants was brushing against her naked rear end, kissing her shoulders and unhooking her bra? 

Lori's mind was racing, imagining that Sheri had left her alone with these strangers, turned her back on her and crept back to their own cabin and gotten into bed with their husbands, lying between them, making them hard, then spending the rest of the night screwing both of them while she was blindfolded in this strange cabin; strong hands in charge of nearly exposed breasts, her sexy new bra hanging loose against her skin. 

Her arms were bent at the elbow, her hand trust down the unbuttoned front of the man's pants, the hard cock that greeted her felt bigger than her husband's, longer than Ben's and she realized she wasn't really sure who these two men were. Maybe it was the guy from the porn shop who's demanding lips were kissing her neck, licking the back of her ear?

Being in this cottage with strangers was just a fantasy wasn't it? One man who was making her wet and the other man, dared she think of his as 'the back door man" must have felt her nipples harden thorough the flimsy cloth. He brushed the loose satiny cloth over her breasts, his lips finding her loose straps, tugging at them, pulling them off her shoulders. 

He held the bra cupped over her breasts, pulled the strap off one arm, then the other, enjoying her breasts through the filmy cloth, then lifting her bra up, dragging it over her skin, a pleasurable tingling making her nipples ache, then wrapping it around her neck, pulling it snug, his fingertips under her chin, over her cheeks and onto the blindfold, pulling it tighter over her eyes as the other man's hands crept up to her now bare breasts, weighing them, lifting them and squeezing them, the bulge in his pants growing larger and Lori, feeling a surge of paranoia, tried to pull away.

The two men gripping her body, wet lips covered her nipples and sucked strongly on her breasts as she struggled. Lust clouded her thinking, but in the back of her mind, she was sure it was really was their two husbands holding her twisting body between them, and when she imagined she was going to be taken to bed by two men in dusty work clothes, a wave of excitement raced through her; her face felt flushed, her breasts ached and she had the uncontrollable urge to feel their hard bodies pressed against her hot skin.

One of the men kept a firm grip on her hands as he guided her, propelling her into a bedroom, and she couldn't help drawing her arms back, her breasts feeling large and sexy, swaying from side to side as she twisted at the hips, her body simmering as she walked defiantly between the two of them.

Lori was pulled backwards onto the lap of the man behind her. He had shed his pants and pulled her tighter, her feet barely touching the floor; she was making little sounds as the stranger's hands gripped her hips, a moan escaping her lips as bared teeth raked down over her pussy, a tongue plunged deep inside her, licking the insides of her lips, wetting them, his mouth sucking on her, his tongue - she was pretty sure it was a him anyway, finding her waiting nub, her hips thrust out, the cock behind her pressed against her as she was wrestled the rest of the way up onto the bed.

She felt it must be a woman tugging on her hip as the two men moved silently on the bed. Lori was on her back, slippery dicks brushing over he face, sexy smells clinging to her as they rubbed their hardness across her cheeks, her nose, slipping soundlessly between her open lips. 

Her attention was focused on something cool and hard swinging from thigh to thigh as the woman crawled up between her legs. The head of the strap-on cock was touching her, a pair of small hands took hold of Lori's, coating her fingers with a cool jell and she felt her fingers being wrapped around a hard rubber dick. The lube squeezed between her fingers as she coated the cock, feeling its length, rubbing the slippery lube over the head and the other woman guided her hands, dragging the stiff prick up and down her lips, her body responding to the unknown. 

She could not resist the fingers opening her, holding her lips open and pushing the tip of the cock inside, her still slippery fingers finding their way to the woman's hips and she pushed her fingertips deep into her cleft of her smooth cheeks and pulled the long, veined dick deep inside of her, and she grunted as she put all her strength into fucking the woman between her legs. 

The firm breasts slapping down against her big boobs did something to Lori's body; it made her crazy, blurring reality and fantasy, the whiff of a strange perfume confused her, made her wonder who was between her legs, but she no longer cared. 

She was being fucked by a woman and she held her tight and slammed their bodies together, their breasts rolling with each thrust, her nipples on fire, their feverish tongues locked together, their heads rocking as abs clenched and hips rolled, their sex oozing, juices, warmer, slipperier, the hard cock reaching deep, pushing forbidden buttons, stoking the rutting urges, the hard and fast fucking and even with the weight of the two men on the bed with them, the headboard was thumping against the wall.

Ben and Arnie chanced a look at each other, a bare flicker was all they spared; their eyes quickly back to their frenzied wives, the scents, the sounds of their harsh breathing filled the air. 

The two men remained silent, Ben was squeezing the base of his erection while his other hand swirled precum over his aching dick, and Arnie, his dick swaying in time with their fucking wives, had both hands under his cheeks, his forearms tense as he gripped his ass, arching his back, rocking his hips as his half closed eyes drifted from the two women to his own bobbing hard-on, then to Ben's fingers wrapped around his own slippery cock across the bed from him. 

Sheri was up on her hands, watching Lori's large breasts move as she drove into her pussy, her own tits swinging in concert, and looking down between them she watched the pink strap-on dick pushing and pulling on Lori's sex as she screwed her girlfriend, the clit nubber rubbing and squeezing her clitoris, her butt cheeks pulled wide by Lori's hands, a fingertip brushing over her anus, a smear of lube as they pleasured each other, then a small finger slid in her, then out again, a second finger joined in and Sheri clenched her cheeks, holding the fingers tightly as they drove deeper each time she slammed the rubber cock into Lori's sexy body. 

Sheri had to admit she loved the slender fingers in her ass, twisting as they plunging into her, and it was this thought that brought on a shuddering throughout her body that left both of them gasping for breath. She came, both of them did, and Lori's body was shaking, her sex on fire, both women overloaded with pleasure and with a final shudder, a deep kiss, the woman who had just fucked her rolled off her gasping partner and lay down next to her, the Long Tom glistening, standing stiff, the black straps holding it erect, erect and ready. 

The unavoidable image of the slippery cock was not lost on the two men who watched it move back and forth as the Sheri caught her breath, brushing her hair back, a smile crossing her face as she caught the two of them looking thoughtfully at the ass friendly cock. 

Lori was coasting on the high, her thighs were still spread wide open when one of the men crawled over her, taking his hard dick in one hand, his stomach muscles clench as loomed over the blindfolded woman, holding his weight with one hand, he took his dripping cock and worked it rapidly between her lips, whipping it up and down, his slashing dick making her body jerk. 

His precum mixed with her juices, little strings of the slippery liquid clinging to his balls, silver threads glistening on her stomach, and he crushing her clit with the mushroom head, then pushed against her, eating up the view of the panting woman beneath his muscular body. 

His ass clinched as his took her; her hands pushing against his shoulders, struggling to catch her breath, his open shirt brushing over her breasts as they came together. Her hands no longer pushing against him, she was holding him, her hips hard against him, her hands pulling herself up against his chest, his legs feeling so good between her thighs, little mews started escaping from her lips as she drove herself onto his hard dick. 

He was up on his elbows now, kissing her neck as she thrust up against him, her hands pulling his face onto her breasts, his tongue stiff against her nipple and she threw her chest against him, giving way to her lust as she slapped her breasts against his face, his tongue licking her nipples as they rocked beneath him, her hands now on his hips, taking hold of him, pulling his dick deep inside her as her muscles gripped him, her whole body tensing as she squeezed his cock tightly inside her. 

She was beyond thinking now; she didn't care who was between her legs. Who she was fucking didn't matter, only getting back to that high, that ultimate pleasure that only came from a hard dick pounding inside her.

She was seeing stars as their pelvises banged together and the up thrust of his hips rubbing the base of his cock against her clit again and again until she was groaning, and an 'ungh' sound becoming louder as she took his dick, fucking him even harder, her body glowing, her hips still rising to meet his thrusts, her arms tightly around him now. 

Then she was orgasiming and loosing control, her hands gripping his butt, squeezing his cheeks, freezing up as the hot surge rushed throughout her body, her whole sexual being twitching as she felt his cum warm her insides and suddenly she was way too hot, pushing the sweating man off her, feeling his exhausted body sink into the mattress, she took hold of the ends of her blindfold, mopped her brow and lay there glowing between the naked bodies who were exchanging looks, the other man caressing her hot breasts as he rolled onto his side and started to put his hand between her legs. 

As soon as his fingertip touched her, she feebly tried to push his hand away, an exhausted whimper sounding like a 'nooo' and unable to move away from him, she struggled over onto her stomach and lay there, face down on the bed. 

The two men lay there, one on each side of her, resting, waiting for the woman from next door to catch her breath. 

It seems that the second woman had other ideas. She got up on her knees, the throwing her leg over the still prone woman and straddled her legs and motioned the two men to keep her right where she was. Lori made a half-hearted try to get up, but was too exhausted to pull her arms free of her captors or to resist the knowing fingers which were massaging her shoulders, slowly raking her fingernails down her spine and over her ass cheeks. 

Lori seemed content to lay there, her sex so satisfied she could almost take the caresses of her naked rear end as mere affection. The guys watched, one of them getting harder, as Sheri leaned forward, her nipples grazing Lori's back, the shaft of the Long Tom lying neatly between her heart shaped cheeks, as she hugged Lori from behind. 

The addition of some massage oil on Lori's back relaxed both women, their breathing slowing down, the two of them getting into the massage. Lori had stretched her arms out over her head, the mound of her breast's seductive curves at her sides, her head turned to one side, a dreamy smile on her lips. Sheri lifted her hips as she gripped Lori's shoulders, her breasts moved by gravity as she shifted her body, her nipples hard as she arched her back and let her tits brush up and down Lori's bare back as she worked the oil into her silky skin. 

Sheri followed the tension in Lori's back down her butt to her legs, massaging her feet and calves, the fragrance of the oil released by Lori's warm body, and she clinched her cheeks each time Sheri hands rode up them and onto the small of her back. Taking one cheek at a time, Sheri pushed up from below, squeezing and kneading, forcing her fingers lower into the cleft of Lori's tightly clenched cheeks. 

Sheri knew what it felt like to keep her cheeks tight, staving off the inevitable touch to her most private place, the naughty thrills that raced through her from the first deep touch. Lori had touched her as they made love, and her hard clinched ass just heightened Sheri's desire to tease the prone woman's ass until she gave in and let those delightful fingertips move deeper between her cheeks, the warm oil making it harder to resist the temptation to spread her legs. 

When Sheri's kneading hands pushed her cheeks up, spreading her, gripping her hips, then sliding a hand under her, lifting her, cupping her mons, slipping a fingertip into the wetness, Lori could resist no longer and pushed herself up on her elbows, gathering her strength to get up on one knee, her lips stretching, the air flowing over her damp sex telling her she's exposed, Sheri's fingers pulling her cheeks wider, her hair brushing against Lori's hips as she licked the smooth white skin, and kissed her exposed, rose scented ass. 

The kiss sent a quivering jolt through Lori's body, from her legs to the pit of her stomach; hot churning energy gushed through her, her breasts swelled and he nipples got even more sensitive, the fibers in the sheets rasping against them, she became more aware the smells, percum oozing from the two men who lay next to her, the unfamiliar scent of the woman who was licking her, making out with her ass, her face deep between her cheeks, her feverish lips licking up her cleft to her spine, sucking on her as her tongue wagged from side to side, deeper, Lori spreading her legs, dragging her other knee under her. 

Her toes were digging at the bed as she raised her butt into the air, her body flushed as her breasts hung free, their weight pulling on her, a picture of how she looked forming behind her blindfold. Sheri's tits would be firm, pert, nipples hard as they brushed against Lori's thighs. Lori was almost standing now, her legs trembling, her juices wet on her thighs, her back was ridged, her hips twitching from side to side, sudden spasms gripped her sex as Sheri gently caressed her clit, no urgent rubbing, no pinches, just steady non-stop fingers sliding knowingly over her hard nub. 

The minutes slipped by. The heavenly feelings building inside her, her hips, her whole sexual being condensing, her senses leaving the world outside, concentrating on the slowing caress of her pussy, the growing wildness of Sheri's attack on her ass, her cheekbones deep between Lori's cheeks, her chin driving into her slippery perineum her tongue pushed closer, harder, now circling her anus; the hard tip of her tongue probing, and as a slippery fingertip joined the assault, Lori jumped, groaning as her lust greedily took over. 

She felt a deep sigh escape her lips, her muscles gripping the sliding finger, her legs bending now, pushing herself against the woman's finger, taking more inside her, holding tight, then relaxing and pushing again. 

Sheri moved away from her clit, gripping her pussy tightly with one hand while she finger fucked Lori's ass, pushing deeper, a knuckle now, twisting, driving Lori's face into the pillows, panting as Sheri pulled out her finger and let Lori feel her breasts drag against her slippery ass as she stood up on the bed. She felt the cock up and down inside her moist sex, pushing into her vagina, pushing deep and then pulling out some, dragging hard dick out of her pussy and pushing down on Lori's back with one hand she watched Lori's ribcage flexing as she breathed, feeling the sudden intake of breath when she pushed the rubber dick against her anus, Lori settling lower as she guided her slippery rosebud against the hard cockhead. 
