 The coffee maker gurgled and hissed as I walked into the kitchen; a pair of cheerful "good morning's" greeting me as I settled into a chair facing our two wives. 

Lori and Sheri looked radiant; their chairs close together, arms touching as they sipped the steaming coffee, my wife distractedly rearranged the salt and pepper shakers. 

"You two are up early."

"We ordered some things in town and thought we'd run in and pick them up".

I smiled, leaning forward, fingers on my unshaven chin; "You mean like chips and beer?"

They exchanged glances as my wife reached across the table; "yeah, and maybe some stuff from the porn shop too."

"Another DVD perhaps?"

"Maybe" Sheri answered quietly, her gaze fixed on the table; "Ben may be visiting the folks in the other cottage tonight, and we thought he'd enjoy it more if we got a little something to help him out."

I knew what she meant, I'd thought about it last night as Ben held the head of his cock between Sheri's butt cheeks while she fucked my wife with the strap-on. 

I reached across the table and took both their hands; "I don't think Ben and I are going to want to share, so maybe you should get more than one..."

"More than one?" 

Both of them were blushing, our coffee untouched as we exchanged glances across the table. 

I took a sip from my mug. "The folks next door...Ben tied face down on their bed?"

Lori looked at her watch and pushed back her chair; "Oh my! Look at the time."

While my wife gave me a hug, Sheri slipped on her sunglasses, pretending she wasn't looking down at the bulge in my boxers. "You look a little tired, Arnie", she murmured as she kissed me on the cheek. "Ben's still asleep in our room; if you wake him up, maybe he can help you with your problem."

I poured a second cup, refilled the coffee maker, and carried my cup onto the shady patio. I heard the hollow thump car doors closing; the sound of tires on gravel fading as our wives drove out to the road.

So, I thought to myself, I could climb back into bed and grab another couple hour's sleep. I could take a shower, wake Ben up and we could go get some breakfast, or I could take Shari's advice, skip the shower, and try to get into bed with Ben without waking him up.

I shaded my eyes and looked around. A passer by might glance at me on the patio and mistake my boxers for swimming trunks, but there was no mistaking the tent in my lap. 

One part of my brain was telling me to wait for tonight; let myself be swept along with sex games, get a little drunk and somehow end up having sex with Ben. Our wives would egg us on, making out with each other, talking dirty about Ben and me in bed together. How hot would that be, and what would it do to the four of us? 

One thing was for sure; Lori and I had the best sex of our lives last night. After I'd given Ben the blow job and his wife had screwed Lori with that strap-on, Lori and I had fucked like wild animals, both of us slippery with sweat, our kisses hungry, urgent, my hard-on lasting until my panting wife pushed me away. 

We had lain next to each other, her hand finding mine, our breathing slowing toward normal. I was still horny, but when I tried to climb back on top of her, she scooted off the bed and pulled me to my feet and placed me at the side of the bed, pushing me forward on my elbows, her toes spreading my feet.

Her thighs brushed the back of my legs, her breasts warm against my back as she pushed my face down on the bed. Her hot breath whispering in my ear; "I think I know just what you need". 

My dick jutting between my legs, she opened the bottle of massage oil and a shiver of excitement surged thru me when I heard the plink of the Vaseline lid on the table, the whisper of the sloshing massage oil as she shook the oil into the palm of her hand. The fragrance floated through the air, her slippery hand closed around the base of my cock, sliding up my shaft, fingers squeezing my tingling head, twisting her wrist, her fingers squirming over the sensitive skin, cupping my balls from the side as she slowly slid her hand up and down my aching dick, a bolt of hot lust surged thru me when I opened my eyes to watch. 

Her dainty hand moved along my shaft, the head of my dick jutting out of her fist, my length growing as she stroked me, then her hand covered it again, a bolt of pleasure surging from my balls to my thighs, my ass clinching her warm leg. Her grip on my shaft tightened as she shoved her leg deeper between my cheeks, both arms wrapped around my hips now, one hand on my dick, the other reaching between my legs, her arm pushing aside my balls as she spread the slippery oil between my cheeks, her leg keeping them apart as she forced her hand deeper, her wrist pushing me apart and I opened my cheeks wider as she scratched at me. 

I was panting again, up on my toes, my legs trembled as Lori dipped her finger into the gooey jell and held a dollop against my tight hole, the cool jell warming as she circled, her other clinched my dick as she pushed a finger tip inside of me. I couldn't help groaning and the trembling in my legs became worse, my hips were twitching from side to side, Lori's grip on my dick tightened, holding me there while a larger finger plunged deep inside of me, my sphincter squeezing, then relaxing, and she pulled back on my cock and shoved another finger inside of me. 

My balls jerked and my cheeks tightened; my wife toying me, making nasty sounds of delight as she slid her fingers deeper, fucking me as she stroked my cock, stopping mid stroke, slowly pushing in and out, letting her knuckles ripple into my tight flesh for a moment, the jacking me off with a frenzy for a few strokes, and then stopping, twisting, pumping deeper into me. 

My climax was building and I wondered if I would shoot cum all over the sheet from the ass fucking she was giving me. Thoughts of Ben's wife fucking me with that 'Long Tom' circled through my head. 

When I opened my eyes again, I groaned when I realized Lori was watching me, shoving her fingers deeper, jacking me faster, shoving her body against the back of my ass, pushing me lower, her big breasts hot against my back. 

I arched, my ass shoved up for her, and she shoved deep and roughly twisted her hand, and my balls tightened at the same time my cheeks flared and I watched my cum stream toward my face, a shiny string reaching my chin.

I my eyes closed and a sigh slipped from my lips, my whole body shuddering as my wife rubbed my hot load over my bulging dick head, her finger curled against my prostrate, rubbing the sensitive skin, the sheet crushed in my fists as I pushed my ass against her hand.

I tried to get away but she held me against the side of the bed, my cum dripping out between her fingers looked so nasty, I surged again, unable to stand it any longer, I spread my legs wider and clinched my cheeks, gripping her hand and the two of us slumped to the bed.

She lay on my back until our panting slowed, then climbing over me, she lay down and when I was finally able, I crawled up and lay down next to her, pulling her close, kissing her, whispering thank you's, her arm around my shoulders, aftershocks echoing the distant thunder as I drifted off to sleep.

Reliving last night had caused a wet spot on my boxers, but I'd made up my mind. I'd let Ben sleep and take of my little problem in the shower. 

My wet hair was still dripping on my collar when I put the cup of coffee on the night stand next to my still sleeping friend. He stirred when I sat down on the edge of the bed, one eye opening, widening as he looked at me, then, noticing my glance at the coffee next to him, he drug another pillow behind him and sat up against the head board.

His hair was all over the place, he needed a shave and he smelled like a Billy goat. 

We sat there in the quiet cottage, me in a crisp shirt and board shorts; him bare-chested, the sheet rumpled at his waist. 

It was odd sitting on the bed facing him and we eyed each other; Ben rolling his head from side to side, kneading the back of his neck, taking sips from the steaming mug.

I cleared my throat and put my cup on the night stand next to him; "hangover?" I asked. 

"Nope, must have worked it off last night."

"You OK with what happened; with me and Sheri, our wives getting it on?" He sat there, watching me through the steam drifting up from his cup. 

A smile slowly crept across his face and he stretched his body under the sheet, twisting and bending like a contented cat lying in the sun.

"Arnie, I never thought I'd do anything like that; I mean, you see shit like that in pornos, wife swapping, four-sums." He was quiet for a minute, his face reddening; "never thought I'd be doing it with you and Lori; or with anyone else.

I noticed he left out my getting on my knees and sucking his cock.

I let the silence linger. 

"So I was wondering, Ben, The Cockometer questions; any of them get to you?"

Ben sipped his coffee like he was thinking about it, but he never answered my question.

"Maybe the one about the guy on the work site... the one tossing the bottle of hand cream up in the air; or the one where the wife tells the limo driver to stop and then watches her husband suck off the driver?"

"You're telling me none of those stories got to you?"

Over the years I'd seen Ben without his shirt numerous times, but the two of us alone in the quiet cottage, me fully dressed - sport shirt, shorts and flip-flops- him naked under the sheet while we talked about sex was turning me on. I suspect it was turning him on too.

Ben still didn't answer, so I fingered the sheet and he looked me in the eyes as I pulled it down a fraction of an inch.

"How about the guy on the couch; the one where he's naked..." I kept the sheet in my hand.. "He's on his knees, his chest pressed against the back of the couch and his legs are spread just enough to hint at what's coming?"

"Would you like to be the guy on the couch" I ask him as I pull on the sheet; "or do you see somebody else?"

Ben was giving nothing away, so I tried another tack. "How about you taking a shower and then I'll see if I can work out the kinks in your shoulders." 

Ben was shaking with suppressed laughter.

"You'll massage my shoulders, huh? In you fucking dreams, buddy. "How about I get cleaned up and we go get some breakfast?"

"However," Ben grinned at me as he put the empty cup on the nightstand, "you could help me out with my morning problem though."

It was my turn to laugh. There was no way he couldn't have forgotten the way I was conned into sucking him off last night.

"I do believe the ball's in your court on that one, Ben." 

Ben stretched his arms over his head, twisting his shoulders, the sheet slid lower, his pecks tightening as he laced his fingers behind his head and his eyes crinkled around the edges.

"Maybe I forgot to thank you for that most excellent blow job, Arnie, it was one of the best I've ever had. So 'thanks man', it was great. 

"Well, Ben; sooner or later you're going to be returning the favor."

He raised his eyebrows. "Well, not to put too fine a point on it, but that blow job was strictly voluntary, I mean, I don't remember signing any contract!"

I pulled the sheet down off him, wadded it up and threw it at him. He ducked and we were both looking at his hard dick standing straight up between us. I half way stood and slid up the side of the bed. Ben held my eyes as he arched his back against the headboard and spread his legs, his thigh pressed against my leg.

"Here's how I see it Ben. I'll be holding my dick in front of you and you're going to be licking it, and then you're going to kiss the head of my cock, and I'm going to take your face in my hands while you put me in your mouth."

A drop of precum oozed from the head of his dick and he got even harder. 

I took his balls in my hand, licked my lips, watching his tongue flicking out, licking from one side of his mouth to the other.

I squeezed his balls and alarm crept across his face.

"Ben?"

He broke into a big grin. "Well, as long as you put it that way... maybe I could see my way to ..."

I relaxed my hold on his balls, fingertips exploring his thighs; "I've been thinking about what you said about getting me on the couch; the girls are going to buy us a couple of butt plugs for tonight, one of them is for your visit to the cottage next door. The other is for us to try out on the couch."

There was laughter in his voice; "So we're going to let the girls talk us into having sex and you're going to beg me to stick my 'big cock in your tight ass' while they watch? "

"Something like that could happen."

"You know our wives are going to get strapped-up tonight and after they screw each other, it's going to be your turn, my friend; your turn in the barrel." I put my hand on his stomach and his cock twitched. "My wife is going to suck your cock, Ben. You're going to suck on the rubber dick between her legs and then she's going to roll you over and slip it to you." 

I was squeezing the base of his dick while I ran my finger tips over his pecks, pinching his nipples. "She'll watch as I put my fingers in you, watching you spreading your cheeks, pushing against my slippery fingers until I have three of them in you and then you're going to hold your self off the bed while I slide under your chest and slip my dick in your mouth and you're going to suck me off while Lori fucks you with that big cock." 

Precum dripped out of his dick as we talked and he watched me intently as I dipped my fingers into shiny pool on his stomach, smearing the hot liquid over my fingers and thumb. 

His eyes grew large when I stood up and rubbed the amazingly slippery liquid around his dark red cock head. "Looks like you've got your work cut out for you there, buddy. I'll meet you out on the patio and we'll go get some breakfast."

Ben and I were kicked back on the beach when Lori and Sheri found us. The clink of beer bottles from the cooler made my mouth water. The take-out sandwiches looked juicy and delicious. 

The pile of empty bottles had grown before the subject of last night's sex crept into our conversation. 

Turns out we were all a little embarrassed by what we did together, but eventually admitted we were excited about tonight. The day progressed with trips to the refrigerator, a little smoke on the patio, and some fooling around in the warm surf. 

We'd moved along the beach with the setting sun, the sand now deserted, and Lori smiled at Ben and me when she bent over to rub moisturizer onto Sheri's back. She looked down at her loose top and gazed up at us, rocking her lower back as she shoved her hands under Sheri's bottoms, holding the pose for an instant, letting her loose top drag over Sheri's body. A quick flick of her eyes toward the cottage said enough and we gathered up our stuff and carried the cooler full of empties back to the privacy of our closed doors and drawn curtains. 

I'd been right about the girls stopping by the porn shop. The tell-tale black shopping bag stuffed with bubble packs lay on the coffee table, like presents waiting to be opened. 

I was in the kitchen when Loir took Sheri by the hand and headed down the hall. "We're going to shower, why don't you two see what we brought you?" 

I sat down on the couch and handed Ben a cold one. He pulled the bag over between us, his eyes flicked across my face as he picked up a pack of butt plugs.

My wife called out from down the hall; "I had such a good time at the neighbor's cottage last night, I think it would be fun if one of you took a turn going over there." 

Last night, the three of us - Ben, his wife Sheri, and I had pretended that we were the strangers staying in the cottage next door and my wife, Lori, had been presented to us for our pleasure. Before Sheri had snuck Lori over to the 'other' cabin, she'd blindfold her and told her she was going to have sex with three strangers. It had been fun keeping the illusion going, the three of us remaining silent while we took her body, screwing, licking, and sucking, and my wife had offered Sheri the pleasure of her back side. 

I had been thinking about watching Sheri's hands on my wife's hips, the way her back arched, her cheeks clinched as she slid the long tom between Lori's cheeks and into her hot tunnel. My dick was growing in my trunks and I was wondering what it would feel like to have Ben's sexy wife slip one of those strap-ons into me.

Ben shifted on the couch, the forgotten beer sweating in his hand. He stirred, cleared his throat, took the stash out of the drawer and rolled us a joint.

We were still sitting there, thoughts reveling in a smoky haze, when our wives returned. They were looking mischievous and Lori flicked glances at us, at the butt plugs, then to me, then back to Ben, the two of them holding Ben's eyes as Lori sat down between us and took the joint from my fingers and took a hit. Eventually, she handed the joint to Sheri, let out her breath and picked up the butt plugs and put them back in the bag with the bottles of butt douche.

"After dinner we can decide who's going to be dressing up for the trip next door. I'm thinking work pants held up by suspenders would be just the thing for tonight's visit the neighbor's cabin; no shirt, no shoes, and no underwear. "

I could see myself standing in front of the three strangers as one of them pulled one of the suspender straps off my shoulder, the heavy pants sagging, my ass half exposed, a rough hand slipping between my cheeks. I returned from the juicy images in my head, mumbled something, and headed for the shower. Ben grunted as he walked to the other bathroom. I was still horny and thought about joining him, but he seemed preoccupied and he could have followed me into the bathroom it he'd wanted to.

The four of us walked down the beach and had a nice dinner at an open air restaurant; we were feeling no pain after a few drinks and a light meal. The moon had risen while we ate, and we stopped part way back to look at the moonlight sparkling on the bay. 

We were all thinking about the same things; the pretend cottage next door, the blindfold, the butt plugs, and who would be led across the warm grass to be stripped and fucked. And what about the butt plugs? The girls had bought some big cocks they could use on each other; endless fantasies sped around in my head. 

Ben and I flopped down on the easy chairs and Sheri set a bottle of one-fifty-one rum and two shot glasses on the table between our chairs. She handed a bottle of beer to my wife, touched bottles with her and smiled at Ben and I; "A toast to the best screwing these two guys ever had." 

I poured shots for Ben and I as Sheri spread the strap-ons on the coffee table. With the exception of the Long Tom and the Chub, the dicks looked very real. As we clinked drinks over the coffee table, I noticed Ben had a far away look in his eyes. 

"This dick feel real to you?" Sheri reached across the table and handed me the eight inch long one. 

She had to hold it out to me for several seconds before I reached for it; and it felt weird to take it from her. It felt heavy, the big mushroom shaped head was spongy and the shaft had a little flex to it. I held it by the base and fantasized about having a cock this big. "What do you think Lori, should I get a transplant?"

"Save the money for another vacation, Arnie. Sheri can strap that big boy on and do me any time. In fact my wife said with a laugh, "she could strap it on right now". 

She lifted it to her lips, touching it with her tongue. "If she did, Arnie, would you lick it before she slides it in me?" 

She handed Ben an even bigger dick. It was a fat one that looked to be ten or twelve inches long. "Sheri thought one of you might be interested in this one; maybe it would make a nice gift to take next door." Ben dropped it back on the table like it had suddenly burst into flames. 
