 Anthony stood, hesitantly, and fidgeted with his hands. Rochelle rose from her chair and dropped to her knees in front of him. She looked at her husband, as if giving him one last chance to back down. He simply nodded and smiled. Then she looked up at Anthony.

"You have to take it out for me," she said.

Anthony looked at Aaron, who instinctively looked away. Although they had seen each other naked before, this was different than the locker room way back in the day. He reached down, unzipped his pants, reached inside, and pulled out his dick. It was already becoming engorged.

Rochelle simply stared it at for a moment. It had been more than twenty years since she had seen another man's naked penis. She wrapped her hand around it, and it continued to grow. Her eyes shifted to her wedding ring, and she looked again at her husband. He gave her a reassuring nod.

At last, she moved closer to the now nearly-erect cock in her hand, and placed her mouth over it. It felt different than her husband's, and she suddenly felt her panties moisten. Normally, she would take her time and enjoy the experience, but she knew she was auditioning for a race, so she swallowed his cock entirely to the base and used her powerful tongue to milk it to full hardness.

"Holy fuck!" Anthony groaned.

Grabbing him by the hips, Rochelle stroked his cock with her mouth, bobbing up and down his length at a quickened pace. With each thrust, she took his entire length into the back of her throat, and then out to the head. Over and over, she worked on him, using her tongue and luscious lips to the best of her ability.

She could feel his dick swell in her mouth, and Anthony elicited a loud groan. He flooded her mouth with hot cum, and she swallowed it all instantly, while noticing the distinctively different taste than her husband's. She continued to swallow until she was satisfied that he had finished. Removing him from her mouth, she rose to her feet.

Anthony's knees practically buckled underneath him, and he collapsed back onto his chair. "Holy fuck," he repeated.

For a moment, the three of them were silent. Rochelle looked at her husband, and noticed a strange look on his face. She asked Anthony to excuse them, and then led Aaron into the living room.

"Are you okay?" she asked in a hushed tone.

"Yeah, I'm good," Aaron said. He was still looking at her strangely.

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"I can't really explain it," he said, "but..."

He unzipped his pants and produced his rock-hard cock.

"I don't think I've ever been more excited in my life."

She smiled wide, dropped to her knees, and took him in her mouth. She had barely begun to work on him when her mouth filled with another load of cum. He stifled a moan as several more spurts coated her throat. She swallowed it all eagerly, happy to have earned another "prize."

"I guess you're good, then," she said as she rose to her feet. Aaron nodded.

"I'm even better now," he said, reassuringly.

When they re-entered the kitchen, Anthony was still seated where they had left him. It appeared as though he hadn't moved a muscle. They took their chairs around the table.

"Well?" Rochelle said, looking at Anthony. His face was flush.

"I have to say, that was fucking amazing," he said. "No, seriously. That truly is a unique gift you have."

"The best you've ever had?" Aaron asked, proudly.

"Dude, I've had a lot of blowjobs in my life," Anthony stated. "I'm not prepared to say she's the best I've ever had, based on that one brief experience. But she's definitely up there. A few years ago, I had my dick sucked by one of the contestants in the NCC's, and Rochelle just blew her away. No pun intended."

They laughed, and both Aaron's and Rochelle's smiles were ear-to-ear.

"She does something really unique with her mouth," Anthony continued. "I don't know what it is. And those big lips feel incredible. And her tongue is so strong, and creates a kind of...suction, I guess. Like I said, I can't explain it, but it was like fucking a really tight and wet pussy. Actually, it felt better than that. I can't even describe it."

"You don't need to," Aaron stated proudly. "I've been on the receiving end many, many times."

"You, my friend, are one lucky man."

"So you think she's good enough to compete in the NCC's?" Aaron asked, still beaming with pride.

"This is just my amateur opinion," Anthony stated carefully, "but I think she could win the fucking thing. Let's put it this way. The average time for a contender in the tournament to finish a guy is around three minutes and twenty seconds."

"Wow," Aaron muttered.

"The best of the contenders usually run around two minutes and fifty seconds. Last year's winner, Candy Cummings, averaged around two and a half. I didn't have a stopwatch just now, but I couldn't have lasted more than a minute. Granted, I was mostly hard before she started. In the tournament, they would have disqualified me. But I also just jerked off yesterday, so to make me cum that quickly, a day later, is pretty fucking amazing."

"So, how do I sign up?" Rochelle asked.

"You don't," Anthony explained. "No one signs up. There are thirty-two contenders in total, and they're all sponsored."

"Sponsored? By who?" Aaron asked.

"Lots of different people," Anthony said. "Investors, gamblers, people associated with the webcast. I told you before, there is a shitload of money being made in this tournament. In addition to the webcast money and the gate receipts at the event itself, there is also a huge amount of money made from gambling on the competition."

"Well, of course," Aaron said, nodding his head. "It is Vegas, after all."

"People bet on everything. The overall winner, the winner of each round, the final score of the championship round..."

"Final score?" Rochelle asked.

"There are four days in the tournament, and each day features a different event," Anthony explained. "The final round lasts for fifteen minutes. The winner is determined by how many loads each contestant is able to get in that time. Last year, Candy won by a score of seven to four. It was a blow-out. That time, the pun was intended."

"Seven loads in fifteen minutes?" Rochelle said, her expression falling. It hadn't really occurred to her just how many dicks she would have to suck to get that prize money. Given that she had just sucked her first new cock in more than twenty years, the thought of it was daunting.

"So, it sounds like it's just about impossible to get into this tournament," Aaron said with an expression of disappointment.

"Normally, yeah," Anthony said. Then he added with a smile, "but lucky for you, I know some people."

***

Aaron and Rochelle arrived at the tall building located in the heart of Boston's financial district, and took the elevator to the top floor. They were met by a secretary, who eventually led them into the main office. Vincent Minotti met them with a warm smile and a hearty handshake, and invited them to sit in the chairs situated in front of his large mahogany desk.

Surrounding them were large windows revealing the city skyline, which was bathed in a warm orange glow of the setting sun. Minotti was an older man with dark features who appeared to be in his late sixties. He wore what appeared to be a very expensive Italian suit, with a silk tie, golden cufflinks and a large gold watch.

"Can I offer you a drink?" he asked in a gravelly voice with a thick Boston accent. Both Aaron and Rochelle declined.

"Well, if you don't mind, I'm having one," he said. "It is the end of a long and profitable week, and I think I deserve it."

With that, he poured himself a glass of scotch, took a sip, and reclined in his leather chair.

"So, what brings you here today?" he asked, staring intently at Rochelle.

"Your nephew, Anthony, mentioned that you may be able to help us," Aaron said. "We're looking for a sponsor for the NCC's in Vegas this year."

Minotti's eyes never diverted from Rochelle. She held her husband's hand upon his lap and squeezed. She was practically shaking.

"Why are [i]you[/i] here?" Minotti asked, directly to Rochelle. She swallowed hard, and her voice cracked.

"Like my husband said, we're looking for a sponsor for the tournament."

"What I mean is," Minotti said, taking another sip of scotch. "why do you want to do this? You look like a nice lady. A soccer mom. You've been married for a long time?"

"Twenty years," she said, proudly.

"So why are you here?"

Rochelle squeezed Aaron's hand and leaned forward a little, exposing her ample cleavage. Aaron had encouraged her to wear a low-cut blouse to this interview, as he felt it might help her chances.

"I think I can win," she stated, "and we could use the money."

The expression on Minotti's face changed, and he appeared disappointed by that response.

"...and I love sucking cock," she added.

Minotti erupted in a loud, cackling laughter, and Aaron and Rochelle laughed with him, nervously. Minotti laughed so hard that he began coughing. He took another sip of scotch.

"Well, that's good to hear," he said with a wide smile. He leaned back and squinted toward her, then framed his hands around her face. "You know, you have a little Monica Lewinsky thing going. Has anyone ever told you that?"

She shook her head and smiled.

"You know, this tournament is, first and foremost, about entertaining our audience. My investment firm discovered this event in its very early stage, and today we own a very large share of the media branch of the event. We stream this event to millions of people all over the world, and we make a lot of money doing so. Our audience isn't necessarily concerned with the talent level of the contestants. They just want a good show. Most of the contestants are gorgeous women. I wouldn't say their skill is secondary - in fact, they are probably the best in the world - but people generally aren't going to pay $49.95 to watch an average-looking, middle-aged housewife give great head."

Rochelle nodded her head, and her smile faded.

"That said, I think there's an interesting storyline here. Our audience might connect with an underdog story like yours. Having someone like you in the tournament lends it a little realism, a little credibility. We've been accused in the past of staging and scripting everything, and that hurts the brand. Seeing an average-looking soccer mom in this tournament may be just what we need. Especially if you're good enough to advance to the later rounds."

Rochelle's expression brightened a bit, and she still held tightly to her husband's hand.

"Of course, you aren't the only candidate that we're interviewing for this slot," Minotti continued. "And, of course, we would have to ask you for a demonstration of your ability."

Rochelle was prepared for this situation, as she and Aaron had discussed the probability that she would be asked to perform during this interview. She nodded her affirmation to Minotti. He arose from his chair and walked around the desk, and she released her husband's hand, and lowered herself to her knees in front of him.

"Oh, no, no, my dear," Minotti said, patting her gently on the shoulder. "Although I'm sure I would enjoy it, I won't be doing the evaluation myself."

Flushed with embarrassment, Rochelle returned to her chair as Minotti walked to the door. He spoke to his secretary, and left the door open as he returned to his desk. Moments later, four men wearing expensive business suits walked through the door, with the last shutting it behind him.

"Rochelle, this is our evaluation team," Minotti said. "Team, this is Rochelle."

Each member of the team nodded in her direction, although none smiled. They seemed to take their jobs very seriously.

"Rochelle, sweetie, if you wouldn't mind," Minotti said, motioning to the man on the far left, who was taking his limp cock out of his pants. After releasing it, he stood with his hands behind his back and stared straight ahead.

Rochelle looked nervously at Aaron, who gave her a nod and a smile.

"You can do this," he whispered.

She walked over to the man and dropped to her knees. She was just about to reach for his cock when the man on the far right spoke to her.

"When I say go," he directed. She noticed that he was holding a stopwatch and a clipboard. "Go," he said.

Rochelle wasted no time, and stuffed the man's cock into her mouth. Within moments, he had filled her to the back of her throat. He was a bit larger than she was used to, and it was difficult for her to breathe at first, but she was soon able to find a comfortable rhythm. She pumped her mouth over his shaft again and again, using her lips and tongue to elicit his sweet nectar as quickly as possible. She was quickly rewarded, as she felt his hot cum filling her mouth. She swallowed eagerly, and found that he tasted oddly sweet.

She took his cock out of her mouth, and turned toward the man on the right for her next instruction.

"Why did you stop? Did he finish?" the man asked. Rochelle looked confused. The man let out an exasperated sigh, and clicked his stopwatch. "You have to display the cum, darling. Has no one explained the tournament rules to you?"

She shook her head, and the man rolled his eyes.

"Next time, either have the man cum on your face, or spit it out."

"Just don't spit on my rug, please," Minotti added. He then handed her an empty glass. "Here," he said, "you can use this if you want."

She took the glass and sheepishly stood to her feet. The man with the clipboard let out another exasperated sigh.

"Whenever you're ready," he said, and motioned toward the next man in line, who had already taken his limp cock out. Rochelle knelt in front of him.

"Go."

She took the second man's cock in her mouth. Once it reached full length, she noticed it was the same size as the first man's. She vigorously worked her mouth over his shaft until he, too, unleashed inside her mouth. She nearly swallowed it before remembering what to do. She quickly grabbed the glass beside her and spit a large amount of fluid into it.

"Good," the man with the clipboard said, and jotted down some figures.

The next man in the line stood with his limp cock out, staring straight ahead with his hands behind his back, just like the others. Rochelle crawled over to him on her hands and knees and positioned herself in front of him.

"Go."

The third man became erect much quicker than the other two, and Rochelle verified that he was the same size. Although she was becoming sore from all the pounding of the other two large cocks against the back of her throat, she pushed ahead. She could see it was the end of the line, and she wanted to get this over with as soon as possible. She worked her mouth furiously over his shaft until his cock swelled, and his balls tightened, unloading another wave of cum into her mouth. It was so much that she nearly choked. She spit it into the glass, and the man with the clipboard made another notation.

All four men left the room, leaving Rochelle still kneeling on the floor. She eventually figured out that her demonstration was over, and returned to her chair.

"Impressive," Minotti said with a smile. He looked at his watch. "I'm guessing that took less than eight minutes. Impressive, indeed."

Minotti stared at Rochelle in quiet contemplation.

"Do you have any questions for me?" he asked.

"When will we hear from you?" Aaron asked.

"Soon," Minotti answered. "Our people will contact you shortly, and let you know either way."

"If I am accepted," Rochelle asked, "what are the next steps?"

"We'll come to that if and when we get to that point, darling," Minotti answered. "Now, if there are no further questions, I need to get back to work."

Aaron and Rochelle shook their heads, and Minotti rose to shake their hands.

"Are you okay?" Aaron asked as they departed from the building.

"Yeah," Rochelle answered, "I'm fine."

"That wasn't too bad, was it?"

"No. It was actually kind of fun," she said with a smile. She then reached down and grabbed his crotch. "I couldn't help but notice that you seemed to enjoy the show as well."

"When we get home," Aaron responded, "I'm going to fuck you so hard."

"Promises, promises," she said with a grin.

***

The phone call came eight days later. Aaron answered the phone, and wore a smile from ear to ear as the news was delivered. He hung up and embraced Rochelle. They shared a passionate kiss, and spent the rest of the night engaging in excited conversation. The tournament was only six months away, and they spent the next several days planning their trip. 

Minotti and Associates were footing the entire bill for their trip to Las Vegas. They would pay for the airfare, hotel, and transportation, as well as the entry fee to the tournament. Of course, they insisted on a thirty percent cut if she won any prize money. Rochelle was already listed on the tournament's web site, although she had been given the pseudonym "Molly Mounds." Aaron and Rochelle shared a huge belly laugh together when they first read the name.

"Molly Mounds??" Rochelle blurted, laughing in hysterics.

"Hey, it could be worse," Aaron said, while scanning the list of contestants. "There are a lot of ridiculous names listed here. 'Taylor Swallows.' 'Heidi Slicktongue.' 'Penelope Chokes.' 'Mila Lipscumm.' 'Charlee Throatbanger.' 'Cindy Silkthroat.'..." 

Their laughter was interrupted by the ringing of their phone. Rochelle answered, and her smile was replaced with a look of annoyance. She hung up, and set the phone down on the table with a thud.

"What's wrong?" Aaron asked.

"It was Minotti's office," she replied. "They're sending a guy over to 'evaluate me.'"

"What? Why?"

"They said it's part of the contract we signed. Apparently, I'm subject to periodic evaluations to ensure that I'm maintaining my level of performance."

"Well, that seems reasonable," Aaron calmly intoned. "After all, they're making a big investment in you."

"It's just annoying," she pouted. "How many times do I need to prove myself to those people? I'm not their little whore, to be used at their whim whenever they feel like it."

"I'm sure that's not how they're treating you, Ro."

"Oh, give me a break, Aaron. You know they're sending some guy over here from the office to get a blowjob as a reward for good work. It has nothing to do with the tournament."

Before Aaron could respond, the doorbell rang.

"That was fast," he said.

Rochelle swung open the door, and a young man stood at the doorway, holding a clipboard.

"Good evening," he said with a smile. "I'm really sorry to bother you. I hope it's a good time for you."

Rochelle grabbed his hand, yanked him inside, and shut the door behind him.

"That's awfully thoughtful of you," she sneered, "but there really is no good time for this."

Before he could say another word, she dropped to her knees in front of him, unzipped his fly, and yanked down his pants and underwear. His limp cock dangled in front of her, and she took it straight into her mouth. The young man wore an expression of shock and pleasure as she furiously worked her mouth over his tool.

As she reached around to grab his ass and pull him toward her, he held himself in place by grabbing the table in the hallway. She pumped her mouth so hard against him that she nearly knocked him over with each thrust. Finally, he gave a loud and extended moan. His muscles seized, and he shook as she finished him off.

She rose to her feet, put her face directly in front of his, and opened her mouth to show that it was full of his cum. She then swallowed in one big gulp.

"Satisfied?" she said. The young man simply nodded. "Good, now get out."

She opened the door, and he scurried away with his dick still sticking out from his pants. Aaron burst into laughter, and Rochelle's expression eventually cracked until she joined him.
