 "It's not fair!" Cindy thought as she stormed into her apartment. She threw her keys and purse on the hall table, pulled off her low heels and headed for the bedroom.

It had been a bad day at work. The company had been having trouble for a while, and was suffering even more from the current financial crisis. The boss seemed to be taking his bad luck out on the employees. Between the rumors of layoffs, pay cuts and outright closing of the company, everyone was walking on eggshells, trying to stay off the boss's radar. Then there was the rumor of a take-over by another company with expected downsizing. The tales flew fast and furious, and no one really felt safe. Each of the section heads was maneuvering to push their people and trying to sabotage the other sections. All that the mid-level workers like, Cindy, could do was to hide in their cubicles and hope not to become collateral damage in the big boys' battles.

Then there was Brad. He was one of the top salesmen at the company and one of the boss's drinking buddies. Married, with two young kids, he had the morals of a drunken rooster. Cindy didn't know why, but he had decided that she was going to be his next conquest. That afternoon while she was waiting at the copier, he had come up behind her and wrapped his arms around her waist. 

"You know sweetheart, a good word to the boss from me would do a lot to make sure that you never have to worry that cute little ass of yours about layoffs. The wife's taking the kids to visit her mom for the weekend. What you say we pick up some wine and head over to your place for the weekend. It could be real fun." As he talked she could feel him pressing his cock against her ass, rubbing it against her.

"Take your hands off me!" she said sharply, spinning and attempting to slap him. Brad had fast reactions, honed over years of women rejecting his apish advances; he leaned back and laughed as her hand flew ineffectively past his face.

"It's OK" he smirked, "I've already got a yes from Jennifer, but she just doesn't have your tits or your fire. It's OK though, when she gets moved up next week that will leave a place in management, you think it over, and when you're ready to move up, you come and see me. There'll always be a position open for you. Several positions really.... starting on your knees." He turned and walked off, laughing to himself.

In a rage, she had stormed back to her cubical and grabbed the phone to call a complaint into HR. She was just starting to dial when she realized that Jennifer was the head of HR, there wouldn't be much help from her. Cindy slammed the phone back down, spilling her stale coffee onto the ten copies of the report that she had just finished. Seething, she headed back to the copier, snarling at anyone who dared to even make eye contact with her. 

"Rough day Cindy?" Ray was shaking his head watching her slam on the copier controls. Ray was one of the few friends she had in the company. In his fifties and plain, he had a gentle soul. He had been Chief of accounting until he complained about some irregularities that he had found in the books. Suddenly he had been named the assistant in charge of overdue collections. He and Cindy often talked during breaks. She liked his dry sense of humor. She also liked the way that, even after the company had screwed him and most of the other employees had turned on him, he always had time to listen to a problem or give advice to the younger workers. 

"Oh Ray. I'm just don't know if I can take it much longer. It seems like I'm slaving my life away for people who don't even know that I'm alive. And then there's Brad."

"I'd tell you to make a formal complaint to HR, but Brad's already let half the guys in the building know that he's doing the evil with Jennifer this weekend. Don't let that idiot get into your head, or anything else for that matter. His time will come." He massaged her shoulders, working the stress away.

"Umm, Ray that feels lovely."

"My wife says its one of the main reasons that she's kept me around all these years. My advice to you young lady is to go home, have a drink and then go out someplace where you can forget all about work, Just have yourself a ball."

"Thanks Ray, I may just do that." She gave him a quick hug and headed back to her desk.

The thirty minute commute, it was less than ten miles to her apartment, had only rekindled the anger and frustration." What is wrong with men?" she thought as the cars inched along. "For that matter what's wrong with me?" She was an attractive woman, perhaps she was a bit shy and not very adventurous, but that still didn't explain why it had been more than five months since she had shared a bed with a man. Still, she had her standards, she wasn't against a weekend fling, but was looking for it to be more than just as a toy for some caveman who was too lazy to masturbate.

Cindy threw her shoes into the bedroom corner and peeled off her jacket. Her skirt and blouse followed the jacket onto the chair next to her dresser. She stopped there, and clad in a soft beige satin bra and panties set, walked back into the great room that made up the public part of her apartment. She walked behind the counter that separated the kitchen part of the room from the rest and grabbing a glass, filled it with ice. Swinging past the small portable bar, she added a few fingers of smooth Irish whiskey and then turned on her IPod, selecting a quiet jazz playlist. Dave Brubeck softly filled the room as she sank into the oversized chair and curled her legs up under her. She slowly ran the glass across her forehead, the coolness drawing out some of the rage. Slowly she sipped her drink in the dark room, lit only by the glow of the aquarium on the far side of the room. The drink, music and womb-like atmosphere seemed to drain out the emotions of the afternoon. 

"Screw Brad!" she thought "and "screw Jennifer too." She laughed, realizing that they were probably taking care of that wish right at that moment.

Cindy refreshed her drink and headed back into the bedroom. She finished undressing and, taking a last sip from her drink, stepped into the shower. The water was hot and pulsing, splashing against her lower legs as she stepped in. She slowly moved toward the shower head letting her body adjust to the heat as the pulsing flow slowly worked its way up her legs. The water reached her hips and she let out a small gasp as the random pattern of pulses hit her sex. She paused for a few seconds and let the hot water pulse against her. It felt like tiny fingers, or better, hundreds of tiny tongues running over her. She stepped forward again letting the tiny tongues continue up to her breasts. She could feel her nipples harden under the spray. For a few minutes she stood there, enjoying the heat and stimulation, then stepped back and grabbed the soap. She filled her hands with gel and ran them over her firm body, basking in the feeling of the silky slipperiness of the soap on her skin. Her hands ran up her flat stomach and cupped her breasts. She moaned softly as she ran them over her now rock hard nipples, pausing to pinch and twist them between her fingers. Then the yearning from lower down her body demanded attention. She let one hand drop to her pussy. Quickly rinsing away the soap, she lightly ran a finger up and down between her nether lips, feeling the wetness that came from her, not the shower. She staggered a bit and her feet involuntarily spread, allowing her hand deeper access to her opening. First one then two fingers entered her opening and began pushing in and out, bumping the soft knot of her G-spot with each stroke. She felt the volcanic pressure begin to build as the tingling started to move down her core from her, now screaming nipples, towards her steaming pussy. Not wanting to stop her self-penetration, she dropped her other hand down and began rubbing her clit. She started slowly, keeping time with the penetrating fingers of her one hand, but the pace quickly doubled and then went off the chart as her orgasm erupted. Letting out a soft scream she lurched forward, her knees nearly buckling as the wave of pleasure swept through her body. She leaned against the shower wall, panting as the hot water swept over her body, enjoying the trilling aftershocks of the main eruption. Finally, able once again to stand, she finished rinsing and stepped out of the shower. 

"Damn! I really do need to get laid." She thought as she toweled off, being careful not to get too close to her still tingling center for fear of starting a rematch.

Cindy sipped the last of her drink as she dried and brushed out her short dark hair. Setting down her glass, she stepped back so she could see her body in the mirror. She was about five foot five in her bare feet. Slowly, she ran her hands down from her shoulders to her breasts. They weren't huge, but firm and round, with a small dark areola surrounding her pert nipples. Her stomach was flat and smooth reflecting the time she spent at the gym each week. Her legs were a bit longer than most women, accentuating her hips and coming together into the still swollen lips of her vagina topped with a small triangle of black fur matching her hair. 

"All in all, not bad for a twenty seven year old." She told herself. She knew that there were flaws, but she wasn't one of those women who obsessed on her image. She had an MBA from a good school, but that didn't seem to mean much in the business world these days. She had found herself stuck, with twenty other hopeful young grads, in a mid-management cubical. She was sure that someday she would get her break, but for now labored unnoticed in the big company. Frustrated, she thought of her dreams at school, she was going to be the next big flash in the business world. The lack of a man in her life also vexed her. She had had a steady boyfriend at college, but competing priorities had driven them apart after graduation. There had been a few other attempts, but somehow they never seemed to last. It had been over five months since her last, disastrous affair and it had soured her. She found herself trudging through each day at work, no longer even interested in the singles game. She looked herself up and down one more time and then glanced at the clock. 

"Its seven forty five, Friday night and I'm sitting here drinking alone in the dark. Maybe Ray was right. Maybe I do need to just forget work and relax. Girl its time for you to go see about getting your attitude adjusted." 

She made a light meal, reheating some leftovers in the microwave. With her physical hunger sated, she decided it was time to make some other changes. She strode back into the bedroom and started picking out clothes. She was still in the sexy afterglow of her shower and decided to keep the feeling going. Who knows? Maybe tonight would be her lucky day. A small red lace thong was the base for her outfit. It barely covered her pubes, but what the heck, you could see right through it anyway. A matching strapless bra did nothing to hide her lovely nipples, merely pushing her breasts closer together accentuating her cleavage. A soft silk wrap dress, also in red and matching four inch heels with ankle straps finished the look. Cindy swirled in front of the mirror. The dress ended about a third of the way down to her knees, just long enough to be able to sit without exposing herself. The short hem and the heels made her legs look even longer than they were. Pleased with what she saw, Cindy added a gold pendent that nestled between her breasts and matching earrings. A gold chain around her ankle topped things off. The look both excited and surprised her. In the mirror was a sexy looking girl, not the mousey cubicle dweller that she was used to. She nearly chickened out before the thrill of seeing herself looking happily back from the mirror steeled her determination to have some fun.

"Now the only thing is where to go?" she thought. Cindy didn't really like the club scene. The music was too loud and guys shouting pickup lines left her flat. She knew she could get the part of a man that her body needed there, she just didn't want to have to wake up with the rest of him the next morning. She had seen an ad for a new jazz bar with live music and decided that it was worth a chance. 

Twenty minutes latter she was wondering if she had made a mistake, the parking lot was half empty and the outside looked a bit worn, especially for a new club. "Oh well, I'm here might as well take a look."

She walked to the half-flight of stairs that led down to the door.

"Good evening miss, welcome to Sam's" the doorman smiled as he held the door for her. Stepping inside was like going back in time. A combo with piano, sax, bass and drums played while a young girl in a slim white satin dress crooned a very credible Ella Fitzgerald song. A pair of couples danced on the small dance floor, while groups and couples conversed at round, white tablecloth covered tables. A bar ran along the far wall, its high backed stools filled with a few single men and one other woman. Cindy decided that the only reason that she didn't think that she had fallen back into the forties was the lack of smoke mandated by the new anti-smoking laws.

"Welcome to Sam's. What can I get for you ma'am?" the bartender asked as Cindy eased onto the chair at the end of the bar.

"I'd like a Tullimore Dew on the rocks please." she smiled. The bartender was cute, with sparkling eyes and a trim body. Outgoing without being pretentious, Cindy thought that he was a perfect match for the bar. It was laid back and elegant. As she sipped her drink she slowly looked over the rest of the clientele. Most were business types, some in suits, their ladies dressed to impress, others were more casually dressed. The low murmur of conversation, punctuated by occasional laughter seemed to blend with the music, rather than compete with it. Cindy could feel the last of her troubles fading away as she allowed herself to sink into the bar's mellow ambiance.

Her eyes stopped at a small booth set in an isolated nook near the back of the room. 

"Yummy" she thought as her eyes devoured the man sitting there. He was somewhat older, thin wisps of grey ran through his collar length dirty-blonde hair. Steel blue eyes and a rugged jaw finished a look that reminded her of a Nordic sea captain. He had removed the jacket of his well-cut charcoal-grey suit and was wearing a pale blue silk shirt with French cuffs. He had broad shoulders that tapered into a trim waist. He looked athletic without the bulging muscles of a body-builder. Instinctively she knew that those loose fitting trousers covered hard muscled thighs and a cute, tight ass. Suddenly she realized that she was staring, the tip of her tongue slowly running across her lips, like a child standing outside of a candy store. Blushing she met his eyes, realizing that he had caught her. He raised his glass as if in a toast and smiled at her. She returned the smile and then quickly looked away. Embarrassed, she shifted her attention to the band and took a bigger than usual swig from her drink.

"Hi, I'm Max" said a voice over her shoulder. Startled she nearly spilled her drink into her lap. She turned and found herself looking into the same eyes that had caught her attention from across the room. This close she could see flecks of gold swirling through the steel-blue clouds that were the irises. He smiled again, his gleaming teeth and adorable crinkles at the corners of his eyes made him seem more like a mischievous boy that the mature man that he obviously was.

"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you." He continued. "As I said, I'm Max. I'm supposed to be meeting my wife here, but it seems that she's running late. I hate to just sit alone drinking when there's great music and a beautiful woman who might consent to dance with me?"

Cindy tried to calm herself, telling herself that her reaction was just because of the surprise. She set her drink down on the bar and slid down from the chair facing Max.

"Hi Max, I'm Cindy, and I would love to dance with you." She returned his smile, hoping that she looked more confident than she felt. He offered his arm and led her to the edge of the dance floor; raising her hand he twirled her once around and into his arms. They immediately picked up the swaying beat of the song. His strong arms held her close to him, but didn't crush her. Cindy could tell that she was being lead by an expert dancer, she moved gracefully with him knowing that she was several levels above what she could do with a normal dance partner. After the first two songs the band slowed the pace and Cindy, feeling comfortable, snuggled in closer and let her head rest on Max's firm, warm chest. She caught herself letting her hand slide down to his tight butt, and sadly moved it back onto his belt. A few times she "slipped" and her hip bumped into his crotch. "No problems there." She giggled silently. "Cindy you really are a horny little tramp" she chided her self, but she still could feel the coolness between her legs as the wind blew across the wetness in her thong. And then the band ended the set. Max spun her around one more time and the again offered his arm and walked her back to her seat at the bar.

"My dear Cindy, you are a lovely and exciting partner and I thank you for saving me from a boring evening." He glanced at the entrance and smiled again. "It seems that my tardy wife has finally arrived. I fear that I must leave you now and see to her comfort. Thank you again for your lovely company, I truly enjoyed it." He squeezed her hand and smiling, turned and walked to his wife who waited at the entry for him. 

Cindy watched him go, feeling a bit cheated. She coolly surveyed the woman that she suddenly saw as the competition. She was taller than Cindy, about five-ten. She had a graceful figure, large firm breasts topped a slender waist and shapely hips that ended in dancer's legs. Although she was obviously near to Max in age, she showed no sign of aging; her beauty was timeless and totally natural. She was dressed in a simple black silk dress. Soft and clinging it plunged in a vee between her breasts in the front and was cut down the back nearly to the top of her heart shaped ass. The dress was a bit shorter than Cindy's, showing off her long, tan legs to great advantage. A pair of black, spike-heeled sandals completed the outfit. Golden haired and refined, Cindy knew that she was outclassed by a mile. 

Max took her in his arms and kissed her. Cindy saw his hand wander down and give her ass a soft fondle. They talked as they walked arms around each other, to his booth. He held her hand as she started to sit down. Saying something, he nodded his towards Cindy. She looked at Cindy. Cindy felt like an antelope watching a lioness staring at its next meal. As she sat down Cindy watched, hypnotized. Her dress rode up a bit as she started to swivel under the table and Cindy was embarrassed to realize that she was staring at the small patch of gold hair between her perfect legs. Blushing she met the lady's eyes. She smiled and brought her legs back together under the table and tugged her dress down. 

Cindy turned back to the bar and found a fresh drink in front of her.

"The gentleman's compliments" the bartender said, nodding towards Max.

Cindy took a large swig and felt the burning liquid run straight to her head. "You idiot! What did you expect? He's a married man." She took one more large gulp and decided that a trip to the lady's room was in order. 

Finished, Cindy straightened her dress and walked out of the stall. Max's wife was standing in front of the mirror freshening her lipstick. She looked Cindy up and down in the mirror and then turned to face her.

"So you're the sweet young thing that Max was playing with." She said. "Well let's see what Max found so interesting." She slowly circled while Cindy fearfully stood frozen in the center of the room. "Cute face." She said softly running her finger tips across Cindy's face, starting at her earlobe and going down her cheek, under her chip and down her neck. "You have a lovely body." She continued as her hand followed the chain of Cindy's pendent down between her breasts. Cindy's breath caught as the lady's hand brushed lightly over her breast. She had never even thought of another woman as being sexually interesting. Now suddenly here was a strange woman merely brushing her breasts and she could feel her nipples beginning to harden and the wetness returning between her legs. The lady chuckled and brushed her hand across Cindy's breast again, this time pausing to give her now hard nipple a squeeze. Cindy let out a soft involuntary moan. "Oh yes, Max was right, you are something special." She purred. "My name is Lauren. Would you like to join Max and me for some cocktails?" Her hand continued to work its light caressing tour down Cindy's side to her waist. 
