 I'd just been ass fucked by Peter in the disabled toilet of a pub. He left me dishevelled, throbbing, wet and breathless to go and get us more beer. He'd told me I was in for a long night. To quote, he told me my "snatch and ass are going to be bruised and battered." I suspected my mouth and face were going to get a working over too. 

I could have walked out then. I had my handbag with me and the back exit was just a few steps away. But I started getting wet again thinking of half the stuff he'd said to me. There was no way I was going anywhere. I did, however, decide to cut back on drinks and make sure it didn't turn into a drunken escapade where anything seemed like a good idea.

So I fixed myself up. Gave my pussy and face a spritz of water, wet some paper towel and gave my ass a dabbing, straightened my clothes and reapplied my lipstick. I left the room semi-respectable. The couple sitting at table near the exit didn't agree though and gave me a judgemental look. They'd obviously heard everything. Instead of being embarrassed, I took a leaf from Peter's book and winked at the woman as I walked by. Fuck them.

Peter was playing a game of pool with a guy when I got back. I assumed he just got bored and it was some random pub guy, but he introduced us as I came over. "This is a mate of mine, Paul." 

"Really?" I asked. "Two more mates and we've got a band." They both laughed and Paul shook my hand. I suspected Peter had told him what had just happened since he looked directly at my tits and held my hand a bit longer than necessary. We all clinked our beers and the game resumed. 

As they played, I sat on a stool and tried to ignore my throbbing ass and twitching pussy. There's no way I'm sleeping with both of them, I thought.

Lost in horny thoughts of what I was determined to avoid, Peter came over to put the cue in my hand and tell me it was my turn to play Paul. "Oh right. We can always play as a three if we rotate turns." I said helpfully. Of course I was referring to the pool game, but Peter roared with laughter and then whispered in my ear, "that's precisely the plan." Hard to believe after the toilet fuckery, but I blushed then and my eyes went straight to Paul's.

I lost the game. Really badly and quickly. I was nervous and excited and couldn't concentrate. This didn't go unnoticed. Peter made a point of embracing me after the particularly bad shots, he hand wandering to my ass and the side of my breasts a few times. He also kissed me loudly and openly at the bar and I was too horny to resist. 

Paul watched us closely and always stood opposite my shots, openly staring down my top. A couple of times, he stood behind me, very close, his hip touching mine. Every person in the pub could see what was happening. Where this was going. I felt slutty and loved it.

This was not my neighbourhood, so I had no worries of seeing someone I knew. And it was a hugely empowering and sensual feeling to have all eyes following me and imagining what would be done to me in a couple of hours. There was no room to feel nervous about how this was going to play out. 

Hell, I felt so good I could have fucked the whole pub on the pool table. I think I even whispered as much to Peter, who could only smile in arrogant triumph. But by the time we were heading to the car in the cool evening air, my confidence faltered and I started to feel unsure.

Reading the situation like an expert, Peter sat me in the back with my thoughts, somehow sensing I needed to have this mental argument without his persuasion. 

He talked about the barbeque he was going to cook us and how delicious the steak was going to taste. How he liked it rare and moist, and basted in its own juice. Paul said he preferred it firm and cooked, and to add his own sauce for taste. I was rolling my eyes so hard at the entendres that I was making myself dizzy.

--------------- -------

Paul worked the barbeque on the patio, while I chopped salad, with Peter moving between us. I turned down wine and asked for water. Peter shrugged (looked at me a bit questioningly) but gave it to me. 

On one of the return trips, he moved up behind me and lightly kissed my neck and reached around my waist. It was the gentlest he had been today and I enjoyed the change of pace. His sharp tongue could be soft and playful it seemed.

I leaned into him and enjoyed the sensations, then turned around to return the kiss. We kissed slowly, with intensity, deep tongues and soft moans. So when he gently lifted my skirt, hooked my underwear and pushed it down my legs, kneeling in front of me as he did so. I spread my leg and showed him my wet willingness. I could see Paul at the barbeque through the kitchen window and he could see the top half of me.

Greedily, loudly and with great gusto, Peter began to eat me. He gripped my ass tightly and pulled my hips into his waiting face, slurping and groaning loudly. So I'd had the sharp tongue and the soft tongue and now here was the thirsty maestro tongue. I could feel the vibration of his moans on my thighs as he sucked and sucked at my waiting clit. I hadn't ever been eaten quite like this before.

All I could manage was "oh yes, babe. Oh yes." I held onto the bench to keep my feet and thrusted my hips forward to give him better access. As I did, I caught Paul's eye and did what seemed appropriate: pulled my top beneath my tits and took my tits out of my bra. Then started thrusting into Peter's eager face, tits bouncing in time. He was eating me like a pro.

I knew the pace (and his skill) would make me cum quickly, especially since I had been fucked and fingered to the edge of it all this afternoon. I had never felt this horny in my life. I could feel juice flowing from me and hear Peter lapping it all up greedily. I was so close. 

Paul didn't move from outside, but watched with unbroken attention. I felt his eyes on me even as I felt Peter's mouth suckling my clit. In this hot and new situation, I came for the first time that day. I came thunderously, loudly and without any inhibition. I tried to move back when the first wave passed, but Peter refused to unlatch his face from my bucking hips. He kept sucking and licking until my orgasm seemed endless. Finally it reached an unbearable end point and my legs became too weak to hold me. 

Peter finally stood to support me and kissed me with his cum smeared lips and face. I kissed thirstily back at first, but struggled to catch my breath. Over his shoulder I could see Paul still watching, and I waved weakly. He lifted the barbeque tongs in salute. Peter was standing there with a giant hard on showing through his pants. I made a move, but he stopped me. "We eat first." He said. 

"I thought you just had." I replied. "Paul just watched me cum." I added.

"Of course." he replied with a wink.

I gathered my underwear from the kitchen floor and made my way to the bathroom. I sat on the cool seat for a moment and just closed my eyes. All I could think of was cocks and desire and fucking noises and having my ass filled again. I thought about what two cocks were going to be like. 

I was dripping with cum and getting wet again and so decided not to bother putting my soaking wet panties back on. I stuffed them in my handbag on the way back to the kitchen and just pulled my skirt down. The guys were at the table ready to start eating dinner when I got back. I sat in the chair across from Paul, smiled and asked for wine. We ate.

------- -------- -------

Conversation was pretty normal at first, I asked more about Paul, how they knew each other and for how long. It seems they had been a team for a while (work and buddies). Their manner with each other was old friends loaded with private jokes. With Peter doing most of the talking, things soon turned to sex and sexual gratification. When it did, I refused to play the role of reluctant participant anymore and flat out asked what was going to happen between us. 

"So how does this work? The three of us getting together. Do we have roles? I need to lay some ground rules."

They looked at each other and then Peter spoke: "Look, it's not like it's scripted..." I raised my eyebrows. "We all enjoy ourselves and only do things we're all comfortable with, and that we all want to do, obviously. I mean, this is about pleasure, so we all take a turn helping each other get what we want. It's not that complicated, really."

I'm nodding. They are both looking at me, waiting for comment or invitation. 

"Do I get to have things the way I want too?"

"Yes!" They respond in unison.

"And you have to stop at any time I say so. Any time."

"Of course."

I outlined my very few rules: protection used for all penetration except oral, and if I say stop it is immediate. I also tell them that I'd like to hear them talking dirty, about me, that I am turned on by talking. 

The air is electric now, we are all anticipating what's ahead. I stop talking, knowing they are waiting for my cue. I extend the anticipation and slowly sip my wine.

After a minute or so I say: "Paul, I want to suck your cock first if that's okay. Peter, you watch, but don't touch. After that...let's just go to fucking town." There's nodding, but I don't even acknowledge it. I just need to taste some cock.

Paul stands up and walks around the table to me. His huge hard-on is visible underneath his shorts, but there are no shorts by the time he reaches me. His cock finds my waiting open mouth. I gobble the shaft to the hilt, the way I've wanted to do to Peter all day. I love giving blow jobs. I love gagging and choking on cock, I slurp loudly and appreciatively. I really want to suck Peter's, but also want to string him out a bit.

I have to lean forward to go deep on Paul, so I grab his hips and bring them toward me. I also take his hands and put them on the back of my head. He's unsure until he sees how far I push my mouth onto his shaft. What I'm not able to fit in my mouth I circle with my fingers and pulse up and down in sync. 

I encourage some hard, fast action until his shaft is slick with gag saliva. Then to catch my breath I pull back and firmly lick and suck, and tighten my bobbing mouth. I tongue the head in circular motions before gobbling it deep again. Peter makes comments as I go to town on Paul "God that is sexy, I knew you would be a fucking master of cock, I can't wait til those lips are wrapped around me, and they fucking will be soon. Your fucking hot mouth is going to be fucked hard."

Paul grunts and starts to thrust harder, getting into my rhythm. Peter has only a partial view and moves around to where Paul was to see better. From the corner of my eye I see he is naked and ready. He plays with himself as he watches me touch and suck on Paul. I make eye contact and he smiles. That naughty boy smile. 

"Fucking hell, this feels great, your mouth feels so hot and wet, those tight lips and firm tongue are fucking awesome, I'm gonna dump the biggest fucking cum load down your throat..." I'm in a cock coma and barely hear him.

I get so lost in the taste and smell and feel of Paul's cock, that when he eventually tells he is going to cum I just "hmmmmmmm" and suck harder in response. His thrusting speeds up and his hands grip handfuls of my hair. I moan louder to encourage him. A few seconds later, his hot cum is pouring down my throat and I'm swallowing my first batch of the evening. I keep sucking and licking slowly to make sure I've got it all. Then I stand up, still with Paul's cock in my hand.

Peter's looking almost pale with desire. I'm feeling horny and confident and ready for more. 

"Shall we head inside and get started?"