 With the taste of Paul's cum in my mouth and his cock still in my hand, Peter looks at me from across the table and answers my question. "Bedroom's this way."

I follow Peter's naked form and Paul takes his last piece of his clothing off behind me as we walk. I'm still fully dressed, except for underwear. At the bedroom, Peter turns and beckons me over. I step into his embrace for a deeply hot kiss and take his rock hard cock in my hand. 

Paul steps in from behind and starts to undress me. Pulling my top over my head and unhooking my bra. He unbuttons my skirt and pushes it down my legs. As his hand returns upwards he finds my seriously wet pussy.

"Oh my god..." he exclaims.

Peter pauses kissing, but does not stop kneading my breasts with both hands."I know, she's got such a wet snatch, right? You should fucking taste it."

"I think I will."

Peter steers me backwards toward the bed and has me lay down. Both men pause to just look at me lying there, ready, willing. "Go ahead," Peter says "I'm gonna fuck those beautiful tits. That okay?" I just nod, mute with desire. Paul spreads my legs and takes a long, hard lick of my pussy. He has a slower, more patient style than Peter and licks in long strokes that finish with him taking my clit between his lips and tongue, and squeezing. I feel opened and gushing. 

Meanwhile Peter is rubbing lube on my tits in slow, thorough circles, somehow in time to Peter's movements. "I've wanted to taste your cock all afternoon." I say to Peter. "I know, babe, and you definitely will. But I've gotta fuck those beautiful tits first. Hold them together for me."

He straddles my middle and I do as I'm told. I have the sudden realisation that I am entirely at the mercy of two men who could easily overpower me. At the same time I know there is very little they would need to force me to do, so I squeeze my tits together and enjoy the overwhelming sensation of being touched by multiple hands and mouths and cocks. 

Peter's cock appears and disappears between my slippery tits. I put my tongue out to taste the tip each time, but it's just frustrating me. I want my lips around it. I want to feel the head hitting the back of my throat. I want to swallow more cum.

Paul has ceased with the long strokes and is concentrating on sucking and flicking my clit. He is great at it and I'm almost there again. I'm pinned down and cannot move my hips as much as I want. The tit fucking is a huge turn on for Peter, and he's describing it out loud to Paul. "Oh, mate, this is fantastic. These big soft tits are hugging my cock. It feels so smooth and tight." Paul moans into my pussy and keeps eating. "Fucking hold them tighter babe, that is so sexy, I can't wait to come all over them."

I'm loving Peter's commentary, and I'm about to orgasm. "Paul, your fucking hot tongue is about to make me cum...Peter, please put your cock into my mouth. Now." Peter leans forward without hesitation, and based on what he observed of my blowjob preferences earlier, he rams his cock into my throat, takes a handful of hair in one hand and squeezes one tit in the other. 

Paul is sucking my clit bud and starts fucking me with two fingers as well. I orgasm almost immediately, in long, gagging, roaring, moaning, breathless waves. It feels like minutes later when Peter withdraws his cock. I take it in my hand to discourage him from moving away. 

"How fantastic is that pussy, mate?"

"Fucking hmhmmmmhm," Paul murmurs, still licking juice from my twitching thighs. Then he sits up. In my line of sight are two hard cocks and all eyes are on my next move. I barely wait a heartbeat before sitting up and turning onto all fours. 

**********

I take Peter's cock back into my mouth and use one hand to finger my wet pussy. Paul gets the hint and puts on a condom. My fingers are soon replaced by his hard cock and I feel filled up. Paul's thrusting hips push my mouth onto Peter's waiting cock. 

It feels wonderful and filling and dirty to be fucked like this by two men. I want to scream out my pleasure but my mouth is full. We all move in blissful, moaning rhythms, trying to keep time with each other and maximise sensations. At the same time as feeling myself filled I picture the scene as well. It's one I've looked at in countless porn before and envied. To be 'that girl', the one filled with cock and swaying with bliss, it's a turn on in a turn on.

Paul and Peter start talking above me...

"Oh girl, you are in for a rough night...I hope you can handle this for a few more hours... How about it mate, you feeling fit enough to satisfy this hot babe?" says Peter. "No worries here. I've got more plans for that gorgeous mouth and that pink bud of an ass is going to get it hard and fast."

"How was the ride back at the pub babe? Your tight ass need more attention?" I know it's a rhetorical question because he just starts ramming his cock into my mouth even harder, not allowing me to speak. But I moan into the base of his cock and rock my hips back onto Paul. Peter's cock is possibly harder than any I've ever sucked. I can't wait to feel it in my ass again.

Peter withdraws his cock from my mouth and says "I need to fuck you again now."

"Oh yeah..." I respond. Paul moves out of me and lays down beside me with his legs dangling over the edge of the bed. He then pulls me across so I'm straddling him. My pussy is throbbing with absence and I hurredly grind my hips into him.

It feels good to be in control and I reach out for Peter. He moves down the bed and takes my face in his hands, kissing me deeply as I move on Paul's cock. He then moves to stand behind me, between Paul's legs next to the bed. I know what is coming and I spread my ass cheeks in consent. I want it. I want two cocks fucking me at the same time. 

"Yes, yes, yes. I want both of you fuck me til I can't take it anymore."

Paul just grabs my tits in response and Peter says, "you'll get everything you want and then some."

Unlike the disabled toilet experience, Peter preps me a bit this time, rubbing lube into my ass. He slips one finger in deeper and deeper until I relax. I slow my rhythm on Paul to enjoy the sensation. "Aaaaaahhhhhh, fuck. That is good."

"Hang on a minute, babe." Says Peter as he withdraws his finger and replaces it with the head of his cock. 

The swollen head bursts through my tight hole and I cry out. He checks in with me and says that on my say so, he will stop. "No. No." I hurredly reply, "just go slow for a minute." He complies. And it's not long til I'm begging to be fucked harder. 

It's awkward at first. Our rhythms take a moment to sync. Peter's cock slips out of my ass and I stop moving on Paul altogether. "You stay still, babe and we move." Peter instructs. Paul lifts my hips slightly and then leverages his hips off the bed in fast rhythmic strokes. The bed bounce helps him to keep momentum. It's a good pace and he's hitting just the right spot and I'm "aaaaaaahhhing" with approval. Peter is behind me thrusting deeply and mercilessly in time. Once we're in sync it is amazing, sensational, cum-inducing and hot. 

We're all moaning and talking out our pleasure over each other. "Oh, fuck yes. Yes. Yes." I can only hear myself. It's the most satisfying sensation I've ever felt, I feel full and my muscles are all singing with pleasure. I'm crying out and my tits are bouncing, Paul is breathing hard beneath me and Peter starts his commentary "fucking hell, you fucking hot bitch, did you think you'd take two cocks when you saw me today and get your ass fucked this hard, my god, I'm still gonna have another go at those tits and drink you fucking dry again. You can fuck off home Paul I want this hot, wet woman all to myself."

I come all through his last sentence. It's a deep, pelvic orgasm that causes me to buck and scream and yell my own litany of "fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yeeeeeeeeesssss." Paul holds me steady and Peter gropes my tits. I'm not sure if it's the pressure of the two cocks buried inside me to the hilt, but it feels different to a clit-induced orgasm, it's spinal and drumming me deep in my pussy and along my every nerve. If I wasn't being held in place, I've have almost fainted with the intensity.

Peter loses it just after me, coming with great, loud grunts and a final "fuuuuuuuuuckkk!" Paul isn't ready yet. "Just keep fucking me," I tell him, and lean down with my tits hovering and swaying over his face. Peter's cock comes out of my ass and although I'm spent and half in orgasm afterglow, I start bucking my hips on Paul to bring him with us. "You want to come on my tits? On my face? In my wet fucking snatch? You can cum anywhere you want, baby..." And then there's nothing to tell. Paul is orgasming in my throbbing pussy and I'm squeezing my pelvic muscles to milk his hot cock.

I collapse half off Paul, his cock slowly slipping out of me. "Water..." I croak eventually. We're all breathing hard, except Peter who has recovered already and leaves to get water.

When Peter gets back. Paul and I are both spreadeagled and tangled on the bed.

"I might need a minute before round three." I say. But Peter just reaches down and starts lazily rubbing my clit and kissing my tits. "Hmmmm. Maybe not."