 I was on my way home from school, I live outside of town and was going faster than I should have down the deserted road that leads to my house. I had been trying to get my English Professor to fuck me for weeks and so that day I was wearing a tiny black skirt and a button down silk blouse that I had tied just under my 36 DD breasts. I had the first two buttons undone and the shirt was so tight that it looked painted on. I wasn’t wearing a bra or panties. I sat in the front row of his class with my legs open to give him a good view of my wet shaved pussy. As I drove I was thinking daydreaming about him fucking me in his office. 

I was so enrapt in my fantasy I didn’t realize that I was speeding until I saw the flashing lights in my rear view mirror. I pulled into the driveway of a house that was for sale and had the look of a place that had been empty for a while. I live on the outskirts of town and the road was deserted. I saw the cops pull in behind me. Grabbed my license and registration and watched the cop and his partner walk up. They where well built and both good looking. They where both big guys, about 6’2 and 250 pounds each. They could have been brothers except one was as black as the other was white. 

“Do you know how fast you where going?” asked the white cops. I looked at his little silver tag and it said Blair. 

“ I know I was speeding, officer, I am sorry.” I said, handing him my papers. My pussy was wet and I just wanted to get this over so I could go home masturbate.

By that time both of the cops where at the window, they were both looking down my blouse. I could see that they liked the view and it made me even hotter. 

“Did you know that you where going 70 in a 45 zone?” The black cop asked. His nametag said Mathews.

“No, my mind was else where.” I confessed.

“Step out of the car ma’am.” said Blair 

I got out of the car but as I did I dropped my purse, I bent over to get it and I heard one of them whistle. 

“Ma’am we are going to need to pat you down.” Said Mathews as I stood up. “Please put your hands on the hood.” He took my purse and put it back in the car. 

I put my hands on the hood of the car and felt someone gentle kick my feet apart. I saw big white hands cup my breast and play with my hard nipples before moving down my flat stomach. He then dipped under my skirt, I felt him dip his fingers into my moist slit. 

“Mathews I think you need to check this out.” Blair said as he licked my juices off his fingers. 

The hot black cop came up behind me and fondled my tits with one hand while he slipped his other up me skirt. His body was pressed up against mine and I could feel his erection pressing against my ass. I rubbed myself against that cock and heard him moan softly. Just then he grabbed my wrist and forced them together and felt him snap on a pair of handcuffs.

I tried to turn around to see what was happening but Blair slapped my ass so hard I let out a yelp.

“March up to that house, and we can get this matter taken care of.” He said and gave me a push toward the door. 

I started for the door and as I did I saw Mathews get into my car and drive it behind the house. When Blair and I got there he opened the door and took me into a small bedroom. The only furniture was a king sized mattress on the floor next to the radiator and coat rack in the corner. 

Blair threw me down on the mattress and undid my cuffs. I heard Mathews drive the police cruiser around the back of the house before coming in. 

“I called dispatch and told Roberts we had a Code S.” Mathews said with a smile. “He told us to take our time.” 

They took off their clothes and hung them on the coat rack before coming over to me. Mathews had a pair of long chained shackles from the closet, and chained me to the radiator. 

Blair leaned down and felt my cunt; it was wetter then ever. I had never been treated like this but I liked it. I moaned as he massaged my clit. 

“Oh I think it will take a long time to teach this nasty whore a lesson, won’t it slut.” Blair asked.

I moaned again in agreement but he slapped my breast and said:

“When I ask you a question, bitch you fucking answer.” 

“Yes office.” I said. 

“Now, how long it going to take us to teach a whore like you your lesson?” He asked again. 

“It will take you a long time, officer.” I replied. 

“Good, now I want you to suck our cocks, you fuck tramp.” 

They both had big dicks; Blair’s was about 8 inches long and an inch and a half wide. Mathews’s on the other was at least 11 inches long and inches wide. I had never seen a dick that big in real life. I sucked Blair’s first, licking it up and down before taking the shaft in my mouth. He moaned softly, and fingered my cunt. After a few minutes he pulled his cock out of my mouth and began to eat my pussy. I grabbed Mathews’s cock and started to lick, I loved the taste of it. I slowly opened my mouth to go down on it. 

Mathews grabbed my head and forced it down his enormous cock. I struggled and Blair rammed his cock into my pussy.

“I want you to choke on my cock you fucking white bitch.” Mathews panted as he thrust his giant cock in my mouth. “I love to see stupid honky slut gag on my fat cock.”

My jaw was aching as he continued to fuck my face as hard as he could. Blair was pounding my pussy like a jackhammer. I was in heaven being used like I common street whore, this is what I had always secretly wanted. 

I heard Blair moan as he filled my hole with his cum and a minute later Mathews filled my mouth with so much cum that I choked on it. 

They both got up and Blair smoked a cigarette but Mathews got his nightstick and a tube of lubricant. He rolled my onto my stomach, stuck it in my still wet cunt and began to fuck me with it. 

“Do you like that, you dirty little slut?” He asked, “Do love to have something big and black up that tight white snatch?”

“Yes,” I cried, “Fuck me, fuck me hard.” I was bucking against the nightstick that he was ramming into my pussy. I had a huge orgasm and he fucked me harder.

Blair, who had been watching, was hard again. He grabbed my hair and stuffed his cock in my mouth. He fucked my face as Mathews reamed my cunt. I moaned and writhed with the bliss of it all. 

“Look at this tight little asshole, I bet this bitch has never has her ass cherry popped.” Mathews said he probed my asshole. “Nothing makes me harder than a tight virgin ass on a nasty white bitch.”

He took the nightstick out of my cunt and gathered as much of my juices as he could on his fingers and stuck one up my ass. He worked it back and forth and then added another. He added some lube and then forced his cock into my asshole. He had to go slow to get it in but he was he did. It felt like that rammed a baseball bat up there at first but as he continued to fuck my ass I began to enjoy it.

“Oh my god, I love to fuck a nice tight ass.” He panted as he slowly slid it out. Then he grabbed my by the hips and rammed his thick black cock in me as hard as he could. 

“I think it is time we go double on this whore.” Blair said as he took his cock from my mouth. 

Mathews took his dick out of my ass. Blair moved under me and I rode him for a while then I felt Mathews stick his cock up his ass again. I had never done anything like this before and I loved it. I moaned and bucked.

“You love having two fat cock in you at the same time, don’t you, you filthy little whore?” Asked Blair as he rammed my cunt. 

“Yeah stupid white bitches love to used, don’t you?” panted Mathews as the reamed my ass. 

“Yes, yes, yes. I’m CUMMING,” I screamed, “I love being used, this is what I want, what I need. I deserve to be a little fuck toy for any cock that comes my way. I love being a nasty little cum slut and being fucked by anyone who wants me.” 

“Yeah you nasty whore, I am going to cum on your face, would you like that?” Mathews gasped. 

“Yes, cum all over me. I am your whore, make me dirty.” I screamed.

Mathews pulled out of my ass and Blair pulled up of my cunt. They rolled me over and jacked off onto my face. I scooped the thick, sticky cum off my face and licked it off my fingers. 

“You are the best little slut I have had in a long time.” Said Blair as took off the shackles. 

“Yeah you are one hot little bitch.” Added Mathews getting dressed.

“I am sure glad I got pulled over tonight,” I said, “that was a lesson I really needed.”

“Well, we hang out looking for speeders around here on Tuesday nights, if you need a refresher course.” Smiled Blair as he got dressed.

“Maybe next time I will need to be taken down to the station overnight, so that I'll really learn.” I smiled back.