 This is Tim Anderson again, writing from our motor home, or as I'm beginning to think of it, The Pleasure Bus.

To recap, my wife Tina and I are spending our summer vacation taking a tour of western theme parks with our 18 year old daughter Rikki and her college roommate Jenny, also 18. Chapter one saw Jenny begin to weave her spell over my daughter and me, and chapter two detailed a descent into torrid incest between father and daughter.

Now a week into our trip, Jenny's next conquest was becoming apparent to me. My wife Tina, long a sexless lump, was to be the next notch in Jenny's garter belt.

Let me describe my wife. Tina is actually quite pretty, resembling Dana Delaney with her brunette hair and big tits. Tina is 45 years old, and has put on about twenty pounds in the 20 years since we have been married. Tina long ago lost interest in sex, and I'm lucky to get a quickie missionary position mercy fuck once a month or so.

For the last several days, Jenny has been taking long walks with Tina around the campgrounds, using a surrogate mother ploy to butter up Tina by asking her advice about typical teen girl hopes and fears. I have even seen them holding hands as they disappear into the tree line.

As those of you who read chapter two can gather, I have used this time to fuck my daughter's brains out on every piece of furniture in the motor home. I feel a little guilty about rupturing my own daughter's hymen, but her incessant clawing of my back and locking her ankles around my ass has led to multiple dumps of daddy goo spurting deep into her hairy teen blast furnace.

Anyway, last night Tina and I retired to bed early, with her taking the spot by the door to discourage any chance I might want to plug Jenny during the night. I was awakened during the night by the weight of the bed shifting, and the sudden introduction of whispered voices.

"Mrs. Anderson--Tina--I've had a bad dream. May I sleep with you?" It was Jenny, naked except for a thong, and her tanned, tight body glistened with a thin sheen of sweat in the pale moonlight.

Tina looked apprehensively over at me for signs of waking, but I was faking sleep like an actor going for an Academy award.

"Well, only for a few minutes." Tina said warily, and as she pulled back the sheet Jenny took in her voluptuous curves hidden only under a thin shift.

Jenny boldly stepped out of her thong, and I heard the intake of my wife's breath as she set eyes on a freshly shaved naked pussy. "Jenny, you should really be wearing pajamas." my wife whispered in a slight quaver, but Jenny climbed on top of my wife and kissed her gently on the mouth.

"Just hold me for a few minutes, Mom." Jenny threw her leg over my wife's thigh and lay her head on Tina's fat, heaving tits. Through half-closed eyes I saw my wife's distended nipples poking with longing through her flimsy nightie.

Trying to regain her composure, my wife cradled Jenny's head against her chest and spoke comfortingly. " What was your dream about, honey?"

Jenny snuggled with satisfaction and her hand crept under Tina's top to gently cup a breast. Jenny nudged me with her foot and my eyes flew open. Winking at me, I understood that my sleeping act should continue - Jenny just was making sure I didn't miss anything.

"I keep having bad dreams about last semester - I was a total slut for everybody." Jenny squeezed my wife's tit for emphasis, and Tina emitted a low groan in spite of herself.

"What-what did you do, baby?' Tina stroked Jenny's blond hair and kissed the top of her head.

I could see from the movement of the sheet that Jenny was grinding her crotch against my wife's muff. The smell of wet pussy filled the air immediately.

"Well, I sucked and fucked my way to a passing grade, Tina. I'm so ashamed." Jenny lied, and she began to chew on Tina's nipple right through the thin fabric of her nightie.

"Oh, Jenny- don't." Tina trembled, but she could only dig into Jenny's hair as the sinful teen pulled down her thin straps and began to nurse obscenely on Tina's large brown nips.

"Oh, honey, you shouldn't do that- Mommy's gonna cum." I had never heard my wife so aroused.

Jenny paused in her administrations and looked up at my wife. "Were you a bad girl in college, Tina?" I could tell from Jenny's hand movements she was now finger fucking my wife.

Tina moaned and raised her hips so that Jenny could peel off her bottoms. Jenny threw the sodden shorts over my face. I don't think my wife cared any longer that I was there.

As I breathed in deeply the musk of my wife, her story began in rasped, urgent tones.

"I was at a poker game at the frat house--oh, please never tell Tim--my boyfriend lost big."

"Then what happened, Tina?" Jenny began to go down on my wife's bush with wet, smacking kisses.

"Oh my God! Uhh-my boyfriend- he-he sold me to a rival frat house for a week as their sex slave."

This news hit me like a thunderclap. I pulled off my shorts and began to stroke my turgid cock.

"They were all black--the football team---I was kept indoors for 10 days and sold out as a cum whore!"

Jenny looked up at Tina with a soaked face, and produced a 12 inch black dildo from beneath the sheets. "I bet they were as big as this cock!"

Jenny began to plunge it into Tina's soaked twat, causing her to moan loud enough to wake the dead.

"Oh yes! Oh yes! Black cock! In my mouth! In my pussy! Up my ass! Oh, I'm a whore! I'm a whore! I'm a whore!" Tina was completely unglued, and she reached over and started jacking me off without any thought whatsoever.

Our daughter Rikki burst in the room, and gasped as she saw her own mother being defiled by her best friend. "What's going on? Mom? Dad?"

Jenny roughly pulled Rikki onto the bed facing her and began to kiss my daughter in delirium.

I raised up on an elbow, still being jacked by Tina, and pulled Rikki's crotch down over Tina's groaning mouth. With my free hand I began to finger Jenny's puckered ass hole, causing her to plunge the black dildo with even more gusto into Tina's spitting gash.

The four of us were out of our minds with lust. I saw my wife pull our daughter's panties to the side so she could choke on teen cunt butter. I grabbed Rikki's head and pulled her mouth down onto my cock crown, causing her mother to jerk harder on it to give her daughter a mouthful of Daddy cum. This was it!

Jenny: "Finger my ass! I'm cumming!"

Tina: " Oh, more black cock! Rikki! Cum in mommy's mouth!"

Rikki: " Daddy! I'm cumming on mommy! Gluggghh!"

Tim: "Oh, it's a gusher! Swallow Daddy's seed, honey!"

We all fell back on the bed in a daze. Jenny went from person to person and sucked hard at their sex organs, gratefully swallowing whatever co-mingled spendings she could gather.

My wife began to cry softly in shame and humiliation, but Rikki pushed up her mother's thighs and began to eat her like the lezzy coed slave Jenny trained her to be. As Tina began to moan and thrash about, I stuck my fat cock in her mouth. Her feverish mewling caused me to stiffen again in arousal.

This vacation may never end!