 Mrs. Gloria Schneider was a big buxom blonde, larger actually than my 6' 0" 190 pounds by probably an inch and 10 pounds. However her weight was better distributed than mine and her long blonde hair framed her beautiful face and full red lips to perfection.

When she first saw me, she was determined to do me bodily harm while screaming loud enough to bring all the neighbors. It took every ounce of strength I had to subdue her and hold her in a sitting position on my lap with one hand over her mouth until I could talk some sense into her. Of course she had wiggled her butt on my cock long enough that I had a massive erection by then.

I introduced myself and explained why I was there, convinced her to watch the video of her husband and the others fucking my wife, and explained how often they had done it with her in the last nearly three years. Slowly she had quieted down but by then she was noisy again, raging about how she was going to kill the son-of-a-bitch ... but only after she had cut off his balls. She changed the fighting to a bouncing around to emphasize her words and my erection strained to grow larger.

At first she didn't like the revenge idea, at least not my way. She wanted to do him physical harm. I convinced her that it would do him more harm if she could impact him mentally, my way. When I worked my hands under her blouse and cupped her 38DD boobs, she began to settle down and listen to me. Finally she pulled her slacks and panties off in one fell swoop and waited impatiently for me to free myself of my garments. Then she sat down and engulfed my spear and told me to get on with my plan for humiliation of her husband.

After we had completed installment one of the revenge payment plan, she liked the idea of taping the rest of our episodes so that when the reveal came, we could show him just how many times his loving wife had taken his cuckold victim to their bed for a very rewarding payment. Since they had been talking about starting a family, she was going to threaten to have unprotected sex with me or some other men once she was off the pill if he ever screwed my wife or any other woman without her knowledge in the future. Between that and giving his mother a copy of the tapes showing his unfaithfulness, she thought his humiliation would be about complete.

Thus started a six month campaign to exact revenge on the three men. No, it would never make things even but there was a little more leveling of the playing field coming at the end of the six month fuck trial.

By the time the six months was over, I had almost worn myself out. I spent many days in the beds of the men I now despised but we also spent nearly half of our sessions in my own bed, occasionally with DD watching or even playing a light role in the activities. It didn't bother me that she seemed a little nervous every time we started one of those sessions.

DD had agreed that she would not tell the managers about their discovery. I would have preferred that she not allow them to fuck her again ever but she still liked it and they would have realized that something was wrong if she cut them off too early. I was pretty sure that, if we stayed together until the end of my plan, our lifestyle would be undergoing a drastic change from what it had been before and I was going to have to do some research on the availability of swingers in our area.

Having found the videos where the guys recorded giving my wife the date rape drug at the original Christmas party, I possessed the evidence I needed for my last step. I wrote a letter to the chain's CEO and primary owner detailing explicitly what his son had done to my wife and countless other female employees of the local store, and probably others as well. I set a specific target which was the culmination of the six-month revenge period and demanded that (1) a payment of five million dollars per man be made to my wife and I for her humiliation and degradation at the hands of the store's managers and (2) that they be placed where they could never impact my wife's activities ever again. In the event that these two demands were not met within five days of the deadline, I would release copies of the tapes and an explanation to every significant media outlet in the chain's territories. If they met my demands, they would have to rely on my honesty that I pledged I would never reveal the events. If they did not, I was betting that the marketplace would reduce the chain to worthless.

Mr. Grady Sr. contacted me and I eventually agreed to settle for three million for each man and the removal of the men. The money was deposited into our account two days before the deadline and quickly moved to another location, in case there was an attempt to reverse the transaction.

Senior had agreed to let me be the first to break the news to his son and the other two bastards on March 19th ... the deadline I had set which happened to be our twenty-fourth wedding anniversary, I showed up at the store in a rented limo. This limo was nearly perfect, because it had two VCRs and four monitors in the huge back section. I had inserted videos of Mrs. Grady and me fucking in one VCR and Ann Bennett and me screwing in the other.

DD was the perfect foil for my plan that day. She knew they would be taking her to the motel to fuck at her quitting time so she led them right to the door of the limo, which I opened right as they arrived. I stepped in front of them and boldly said "Mr. Grady, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Schneider, I see you know my wife. This is very convenient since I have something to show to each of you. Please step into my car."

At first they all showed disdain but Grady was the first to note the monitors displaying something. He bent down to get a better look ... and was shocked to see his wife in the throes of a massive orgasm while I rode her saddle. He spotted the other monitors and probably recognized Ann Bennett. He turned and said "Come on." In seconds all five of us were in the back and the limo was moving. Shawn Bennett was shocked to see his naked doll-like wife under me and obviously enjoying herself. Tom Schneider sat sullenly in one corner so I smiled at him and said "Cheer up, Tom. I've got one just as good with Gloria on it. You get to watch next."

Grady demanded, "What is this?"

I replied, "Be patient. You'll find out. You can either do it my way ... or talk to the police. Keep that in mind." I saw them exchange knowing glances

Actually the fifteen minute drive ended before the first two videos so Tom didn't get to see his lovely wife being fucked ... until later. The limo pulled into the parking area of a nice detached apartment that I had rented on a short term basis. I popped out the videos and told the group to follow me. Grady tried to pump DD about what I was going to do but she just shrugged and followed me. 

The best feature of the apartment was a big living room, furnished with three sofa-chair sets, each now facing a TV-VCR set up. I directed each of the men to one sofa but only started Tom's video at that point. He blanched like a bed sheet when he saw Gloria appear in all her glory and after she had sucked me off and I finally finished fucking her and pulled back to reveal her thatch of blonde cunt hair glistening with my cum while a gob of it oozed out of her sweet pussy, I thought he was going to have a heart attack. I stopped it and let him catch his breathe.

Beside each TV was a box. I explained, "Men, in each of these boxes are exactly 156 videos. Each video contains nearly 120 minutes of your lovely wife and me having some wild and abandoned sex. I have to apologize though for not working up threesomes and gang bangs which I'm sure you would have enjoyed watching ... since you like to participate." While I was talking their wives had joined DD behind the men and were just waiting. "I'm really amazed that each of you has such a wonderful woman waiting at home but you felt like you had to steal someone else's wife and add her to your conquests. More than that, I'm amazed that you are such lowlifes that you have to do it with drugs. I assume that meant that you didn't believe you could talk her into it otherwise."

When I waved my hand, the men turned and saw their wives looking at them. All three looked like they wanted to be somewhere else. Picking up another tape, I said "By the way, fellows, let me remind you what this tape is." I pushed it into the middle VCR and pushed play. In a few moments, DD appeared on the screen, in a dazed trance while Tom and Shawn held her. David brought over a glass of some liquid and poured a few drops of another liquid into it and swirled it around. Holding the glass to DD's lips, he said "Come on, honey, drink this. It will make you feel better and clear your head right up." They nearly drowned her but got most of the liquid to go down her throat.

For the next few minutes the guys talked about a college football game. Then Grady looked at DD and gave her chin a tweak. She appeared to be wide-eyed but almost statue-like. They began to undress her and she smiled inanely at them Once she was naked, she was laid on a narrow bed and the men undressed. Whatever they had given her left her awake but unable to do anything on her own. When the men came to the bed, they were all sporting erections. Grady used his to stroke through DD's puffy pussy lips and then inserted it into her love box. Bennett turned her head to one side and inserted his into her mouth, where her tongue seemed to be swimming lazily around the head of his cock. Schneider molded one of her hands around his shaft and she held on, seemingly unable to remove it. He held her fingers clamped around his shaft and moved back and forth fucking her hand. Bennett had his eyes closed as his cock roved in and out of her mouth. Grady was totally engrossed in plying her red-haired pussy. In the next few minutes, after the men had all recovered from their first orgasms, they rearranged themselves with Grady on bottom, DD sitting on him with her virgin anus around his cock and then the other two managed to accomplish what I thought was impossible: they managed to get both their cocks into my wife's pussy. Fortunately they were not overly well endowed but it still had to stretch her tremendously.

The tape was 180 minutes long and virtually every inch of it was filled with some sexual activity as the men used and abused my wife. Frequently it was only one man, usually fucking her pussy or ass while the other men recovered, but often enough they used her mouth, forcing her to take their entire lengths in until the bulbous head worked its way into her throat. Sometimes they would fuck her mouth but at other times they let her breathing generate a slight suction; at one time Tom kept his cock in her mouth for over 50 minutes.

DD seemed to be regaining some control of her muscles near the end of the three hour tape. Just as I turned it off, she stepped to center stage and began speaking. "As you know, when the drug began to wear off, I didn't even know what had happened to me. I was aware only of the last few minutes but in that few minutes all three of you put your cocks inside of me. I could feel your cum oozing from every part of my body, even from my boobs where some of you had squirted it on me. I didn't know what happened but ... I knew it was not something I would have chosen to do of my own free will."

"When I could talk a little, you played a video tape for me and asked if I recognized the woman being fucked. I knew who it was, and hated watching every second of it. The three of you pulled up chairs in front of me and began to talk. You said that you had a tape of me having wild sex with the three of you and if I didn't do whatever you wanted, you would send copies to all my family members explaining what a slut I had become."

"Then you explained that you were going to require that I have sex with you at least once a week, and with other men as you designated, and whenever any of the three of you went out of town on and overnight trip, I was to accompany you on 'company business' so you could fuck me all night. I didn't see that I had any choice. If I didn't do what you said, I would lose my husband and all of my family and friends. I thought about suicide but knew I could never do that, no matter how bad it got."

"And then after about three months of frequent activity, things changed. I changed. I realized that I was getting to like being fucked by more than one man at a time, that I liked being penetrated in my anus, that I actually like to suck on cocks and taste a man's cum. I loved having orgasms. I had actually become what you told me I was ... a fuck slut. But I couldn't tell my husband what I wanted him to do with me because after 21 years he would know immediately that I had been cheating on him. He'd tried to get me to do those things and in a far more loving way that you three ever thought about ..." Tears began rolling down her cheeks. "And now I couldn't even let my husband know that I wanted to please him." DD couldn't talk any more and ran into the kitchen sobbing. I let her go.

The other women consoled DD and in a few minutes joined me as I talked on. "I've known about your scheme for a little over six months now and I have had the immense pleasure of getting to know your own wives. Each and every one of them are such lovely ladies, I can only hope that nothing I have done has caused them irreparable harm. In my way I have come to love each of them." The three of them gave me hugs and kisses and glared defiantly at their husbands.

"In the last six months," I continued, "I've thought about our revenge and many solutions we could have implemented. You have of course broken the law and even given us the evidence that could put you behind bars. I would have loved to do that but ... well, we got to know your wives and DD and I decided that your pain would not be as bad as your wife's so we opted to pass on that. I'll admit that I've even thought about castrating every one of you. It wouldn't be difficult. I believe my hunting rifle would be incentive enough to get those things our of your pants and this," I held up my Bowie knife, "is sharp enough to do the trick in one quick slice. Anybody want to be the first?" All three of them covered their crotches with both hands and cringed from me.

I loved the cringing look on all three faces as their hands cupped their family jewels. I proceeded, "But I never did like to clean up gore so ... I thought about shooting you outright but ... nah, that seemed like an easy out for you so ... I talked to Mr. David Grady, Sr." With mention of the name, their heads popped up. "Tom, you are now working at store 131 down south. Its about a 65 minute drive so you wont have to relocate. Report to work on Monday to Mr. Reilly. Shawn, you now work at store 97 on the far west side. Its about a 50 minute drive so you wont have to relocate either. Report to work on Monday to Mr. Thompson. David, you now work at store 146 in the northeast side of the metroplex. Report for work on Monday and ask for Mr. Kasey. Your dad says that you don't need to go back to your office ... any personal belongings will be shipped to you. You will all be working as maintenance and operations personnel on the floor cleaning equipment."

"Should you elect to not follow these instructions, Mr. Grady Sr. has copies of the evidence tape and has promised to deliver them in person to the police." That seemed to knock the air out of David. "And, yes, if anything should happen to DD or I, that same promise would be kept so don't think you can have me knocked off and get away with it."

"Let me make sure you know that each of your wives knows where we live. That means that if you are mean to her, she is free to come to us for help. Of course that also means that she just might be coming to our bedroom for fun and games also, huh? My wife and I both had a good enough time with the ladies that they would be welcome to come back at any time. And we do have a lot of time to make up for, right, men?"

It was time for DD to make a lifestyle decision. She asked if she could go home with me and start over. I welcomed her into my arms and we left, along with the few tapes that I had used as props ... no need to leave them with any ammunition they didn't need. Grady's entire collection of tapes had been packed into the trunk of my car and was awaiting transportation home, where I was going to store them a insurance against any sort of retaliation. 

I told DD that I wouldn't mind her having sex with other guys as long as it was her choice and not just theirs, and if she told me a little about it after the fact. And of course I would do the same thing for her when I fucked other women. I couldn't believe that she agreed so readily, the woman who had been so ... so prudish about sex for our first twenty plus years.

Over the next few weeks, we identified seventeen female employees who had been involved in the same thing. We contacted them and offered them their tapes; eleven women took them, one asked us to destroy hers because she couldn't bear to look at them, and five of them laughed and said that they had participated willingly.

Our sex lives had changed drastically, noticeable as soon as we got home because DD led me to the den, pulled down my pants and gave me a very thorough blow job, Then working to get me up again, she climbed on and gave me a long loving fuck, during which we changed positions several times trying all sorts of things we'd never before used. She topped it all off by rolling onto her knees, raising her ass in the air and wiggling it until I sank my cock balls deep into her bowels. I was pretty sure she had three orgasms during the total process and she talked to me throughout, telling me what felt good and what she wanted me to do to her. This was the sex partner I had always hoped I had married.

Three days after the anniversary confrontation, we met with a swinging couple who lived just a few blocks from us. They were founding members of a swingers club, all of whose members were from our area except one couple who drove from another state just to participate with them. We went through an interview process in an effort to weed out undesirables and were allowed to join the club.

The group was relatively young, having been active for just five months and with just seven couples (we made the eighth). We also were the oldest, which left us with some trepidation about being turned down. However the members were much less concerned about our age than our willingness to participate frequently, ability to get along with the variety of people, and the mindset to let everyone do what felt good without jealousy to one's significant other or any other member of the club. I guess we made a reasonable impression because after each of us talked with two men and two women, we were invited to join. We accepted the invitation immediately.

The club met every other Friday night at different houses. Generally the host and hostess fixed the basement for our use although a couple of people used other parts of their houses. None of the guys considered themselves gay so sex between men was just not mentioned. All of the women, whether they considered themselves bi-sexual or straight, got involved from time to time in activities with other females. Mostly the action was MF, sometimes MFM or MMFM when one of the women was feeling especially randy. 

Between formal gatherings of the club, members were encouraged to satisfy their needs by gathering in smaller groups by their own arranging. From listening to some of the guys talk, I think a few couples were involved almost every night. DD and I didn't use the informal process all that often ... maybe once or twice in weeks where the club met and twice or three times in other weeks ... but our own sex lives had become active enough to keep us busy the rest of the time. DD and I were fucking almost daily, sometimes twice and on one lucky, particularly horny Saturday, we fucked six times from sunup until we dropped off to sleep early Sunday morning.
