 "Hon, would you get the door. That's probably Mark"

Jenna, like usual, was running late. A pile of dresses lay on the bedroom floor, as she scrutinized the latest choice in the full-length mirror in the upstairs bathroom. Although the latest option was not as flattering as she'd hoped, she realized that it would have to suffice if they were going to make their dinner reservations, and she frantically began the process of applying make-up. 

At 36, Jenna was still quite gorgeous. Although two children had softened her form, her husband still routinely devoured her with his eyes. After nine years of marriage, their love and passion had gown more intense, and when their busy schedule permitted, their lovemaking, although fairly conventional, was very much steamy and enjoyable. Aside from occasionally watching online gang-bang or bisexual porn, commitment to family life in the last six years, as well as their busy work schedules, had tempered some of the sexual experimentation that they'd previously enjoyed, and their brief foray into the swinging lifestyle before the kids were born had come to an end- at least temporarily. 

As Jenna applied her lipstick, she thought back at some of the occasions when men had stared or flirted with her recently. Although men of all ages and ethnicities showed interest, often the men were African-American. And she found herself being ogled by high school and college age kids quite frequently. She thought to herself that it must be her incredibly large, beautiful breasts- the size of which she was, at times, annoyed by. Her husband, however, was immensely aroused by them, as were many of the young men (and women) in her painting classes at the college where she'd recently been hired as an adjunct faculty member. The dress that she settled on for the evening, which exposed much of her robust bosom, would surely elicit some hearty stares.

Ben, who had been watching the football game, while Jenna was getting ready, strolled to the front door to greet Mark, with whom they arranged to sit the kids during their date. Ben still possessed an imposing physique. His 6'4" frame had not changed much since his days as a college quarterback, and although some gray had emerged around his temples, he looked almost ten years younger than his forty years of age. 

"Hey Mark, how are ya?" Ben asked as the door opened.

"Good, thanks. Sorry I'm late, Mr. C."

The two men exchanged a firm handshake, and Ben smiled, "No worries. Jenna isn't even ready yet. At this rate we'll be eating at Denny's tonight. Come on in."

Mark was nineteen, and although he carried himself with significantly more confidence after a year of college, he was still a bit deferential, much like the young high-school kid who had occasionally babysat Ben and Jenna's kids when his girlfriend, Ashley, wasn't available. Several inches shorter than Ben, and a bit more svelte, a year on the college swim team had broadened his shoulders, and resulted in a more muscular body. His loping gait and shaggy blond hair revealed his youthful, carefree demeanor.  

"You want to go in and say 'hi' to the kids?" Ben offered. "They're in the den watching a movie. They've been excited to see you. I'm going to see if I can hurry Jenna along."

Mark disappeared into the den to let the kids know that he'd arrived, and from the bottom of the stairs, Ben prompted Jenna to speed things along. In a mildly annoyed tone, she responded, "I'm almost done." Mark emerged from the den, and Ben asked about how things were going with college, and with the swim team.

"It's going well. I made the dean's list last quarter," Mark replied, "and I think I'm going to have a chance in the 100 freestyle at the conference championships next year."

"Ya, your mom mentioned that you won conference Freshman of the Year. I ran into her at the grocery store a couple of days ago." Ben continued, "How are things going with Ashley?"

"We broke up," Mark said. "It was hard to stay connected. A long-distance relationship wasn't working, and we wouldn't have been able to really spend any time together this summer, because she's doing an internship in London."

"Sorry to hear that," Ben offered.

"Ya, thanks. We'll see how it goes. We're still close, but a committed relationship isn't realistic."

Jenna's arrival into the living room was met with an enthusiastic greeting from Mark, "Hey Mrs. C, how's it going?" The two hugged.

"Good Mark! Look at you- you're turning into quite the young man. It seems like yesterday when you were a cute little freshman in high school, and now- facial hair. How is school going?"

Mark replied, "It's pretty cool. I partied a little too much fall quarter, but then I buckled down, and got on the dean's list."

"Nice. Good for you. How is dorm life?" Jenna asked.

"It's alright, I guess," Mark responded. "I'm looking forward to finding an apartment for next year. I might move into a place with my dorm mate and a couple of his football friends." 

"Jenna, we're so late," Ben interrupted.

"Right," Jenna agreed.

"Listen Mark, I put together a snack for the kids. If you could offer it to them once they've finished watching their movie. It's in the fridge. The kids should go down by 8:30 or so. You remember the whole bedtime routine?"

"Yep, I remember."

We're going to see a movie after dinner, and should be home around midnight. We'll call if we're running late, cool?"

"No worries, Mrs. C.," Mark assured her. "I was up late last night. I hung out with some friends I hadn't seen in awhile, so I'm beat. I'll probably crash out by 11:00. So go have fun! And, by the way, you two look really nice."

"Thanks, Mark," Jenna responded. "OK, well, call us if you have any problems. And thanks again for sitting tonight."

"You're very welcome. I was looking forward to hanging with the kids again," Mark insisted. 

Saturday evening traffic into the city had been worse then usual, and Jenna and Ben, already late leaving the house, had arrived well after their reservation time of 6:00. Fortunately, the well-regarded sushi restaurant located atop the Hilton building featured a swanky bar with an extensive menu. The balcony bar, which offered a stunning view of the city on a pleasant early summer evening, was packed with hip bar patrons socializing and enjoying immaculate entrees. The couple slipped into the lone vacant table after venturing around the corner from the main outdoor seating area, and marveled at both the breath-taking view and their good fortune at finding an empty table. 

The smaller, narrower portion of the L-shaped balcony where Jenna and Ben found themselves had only enough room for three tall round tables pushed near the railing, each with two tall chairs. At Ben's back were several pots of bamboo, which served as a partition for what was, until the recent smoking ban, a small, secluded smoking area. Unlike the main portion of the balcony bar, there were no windows through which one could see into the main dining area of the restaurant. Conversely, no one could see Jenna, Ben and the four other bar-goers seated in the little nook tucked around the corner of the building, and just as the couple was beginning to feel forgotten by the bar staff, their waitress approached. She cordially introduced herself, presented menus, asked if they had questions, and took their drink order. 

"The calamari sounds good," Ben suggested. "Do you also want to get some edamame?" 

"Ya, and let's get miso, too."

"Sounds great," Ben agreed. "Do you think the kids will be alright with Mark? He sure has grown up, huh?"

"Ya, he has. And the kids adore him. They'll be fine. In fact, they always seemed to enjoy hanging out with than him more than Ashley, when she sat for them."

"True, but he doesn't seem to have the same goofy quality that the kids found so entertaining," Ben continued. "And did you notice at all how much he was salivating when he saw you in that dress? I was about ready to peel him from you when you two hugged."

"Please, Ben. He's nineteen," Jenna said dismissively.

"Oh, he's old enough. Don't be coy. Don't pretend that you're not at all flattered that a hunky youngster was staring at your tits."

A devious smile emerged on Jenna's face, but her response was cut short by the waitress's return. A large bottle of Kirin, and two small glasses were set on the table, as were the small tumblers of sake that the couple had ordered. The waitress took their food order, and disappeared around the corner. Ben filled their glasses with the Japanese beer, and raised his glass. 

"Here's to your luscious tits that the men, including young, hard college kids always stare at," Ben teased.

"Stop it," Jenna scolded, as a smile emerged.

"Oh, and your super luscious ass that they also stare at," Ben continued.

Jenna rolled her eyes, and leaned over the table to give her husband a kiss. Their lips met, and although the kiss seemed innocent enough, their lips remained pressed together long enough that Ben sensed that Jenna enjoyed the affirmation. 

Jenna then held up her glass, and took a sip from her cold beer, and flashed another devious grin. She took her tumbler of sake, held it in front of her, and in her most formal tone, she offered, "Well thank you, my most loving, wonderful, flattering husband. I'd like to propose a toast." 

It was her turn. Despite her best effort to suppress a smile, and maintain her feigned seriousness, her levity was evident to her husband. He raised an eyebrow in anticipation of what was sure to be a witty retort from his wife. Jenna leaned in, and continued in a hushed voice; a sultry voice that Ben hadn't heard much in the last six years, "I know that you're secretly jealous that a nineteen year-old was staring at me." Jenna paused, noticing the expression of anticipation beginning to build on Ben's face. And again a devious smile emerged on her face. "So here's to watching you teach Mark a lesson by fucking his tight boy ass with your erect cock."

"Fuuuuuunny," Ben responded dismissively, but the notion lingered in his thoughts, and he could feel his penis surge. They both took a sip from their respective sake glasses.

"Actually, the idea is fucking hot," Jenna continued playfully after several seconds of silence. The warm, summer air, and the sake emboldened Jenna. "I'd love to see you rape his virgin asshole."

"OK, you're being silly," Ben said, trying to redirect the conversation. "He's nineteen, Jenna. If anything, he wants to get his dick into your delicious, married pussy."

"Maybe," Jenna pressed, "but you know you'd want to, right? Maybe while he sucked on my swollen clit?" 

Ben shifted in his seat. His cock was fully hard, and Jenna could sense that he was becoming increasingly aroused. 

"How fucking hot would it be if I spread his smooth ass cheeks for you, and guided your hard dick into his tight little fuck-hole?" 

"Ya, well, it's not going to happen. He's straight."

"Maybe we should try to get in touch with that bi couple from Madison Heights," Jenna suggested. "She was a little rigid, but he was fun, huh? I think she had issues seeing her assertive, successful husband begging for your cock in his ass."

Ben paused, clearly reminiscing about the several encounters with the couple they had met through on online swingers site, and offered only a, "ya." Ben gathered himself, and again attempted to steer the conversation, "speaking of craving... you certainly did crave his massive, black cock, huh?"

"Oh hon, he certainly did have a nice dick. It was fun to suck on, but it was too big. Yours is the absolute perfect size. I can get the whole thing down my throat." Jenna paused to let the visual sink in, and then continued, "and your beautiful cock fits perfectly in my ass." 

She followed her comment with a low, throaty groan to further reinforce her feeling of sheer satisfaction at the idea of being butt fucked by her husband, and she reached under the table, and began rubbing Ben's fully erect dick through his pants. He looked over her shoulder at the older couple at the table next to them. They seemed oblivious, and he pushed closer to the edge of his seat to give her better access. 

"Your cock is perfect," she reiterated in a lusty whisper. "I'd much rather have three perfect cocks like yours fill all of my holes. Besides, you know that the hottest part of that whole experience was watching you with another guy. It was so fucking arousing to see your face when you shot your delicious, warm cum into that guy's tight ass." She gave Ben's cock a squeeze, and continued, "mmmmmm, and the idea of pulling it out of his ass, and lapping up your tasty cum that covered your stiff member makes so soooooo fucking wet." Jenna licked her lips to further tease her husband.

Jenna persisted rubbing Ben's hard dick. Looking into his eyes, she opened her mouth slightly to simulate taking his dick between her lips, bringing him closer to orgasm. Precum was gushing from his swollen dick, and his wet boxers began to stick to the skin of his groin. Seconds before he was about to release his load into his pants, the waitress emerged with their dinner. The couple quickly straightened, gathered themselves, and projected a feigned excitement over the arrival of beautifully arranged sushi. Dining, however, seemed a bit anti-climatic, and Ben was overwhelmed with thoughts about ravishing his wife, a woman, who had mysteriously and suddenly summoned her inner slut, while also stoking his bisexual fantasies. The waitress left the couple with their meal, stopped at the next table to deliver the older couple's check, and disappeared around the corner to place an order at the bar for Jenna and Ben's second Kirin. 

The couple ate quickly, not so much due to hunger, but because each was eager to get home for some extended, raunchy lovemaking. Both knew that a movie was no longer part of the evening's agenda. After receiving another beer from the waitress, they playfully made sexual innuendos over dinner about some of the sushi items that they ate. Jenna joked about how much she craved Ben's "soy sauce" all over her "bento box." And Ben playfully fed Jenna a piece of his "freshwater eel." They continued to tease and stroke each other under the table, growing even bolder by the alcohol, and by the additional privacy offered when the couple seated next to them went on their way. Ben played with Jenna's pussy through her soppy wet panties, squeezing and rolling her pussy lips between his fingers. Between bites of dinner, he licked her nectar from his fingers, and joked that she was the tastiest dish in the restaurant. 

Ben asked the waitress for the location of the restroom when she returned with change from the bill. Rather than leave with Ben, Jenna opted to stay at the table to finish up her beer. As she basked in the view, and the warm evening air, fantasies played in her imagination, and she shifted in her chair, reminding her about her sopping underwear. Ben returned to find Jenna leaning against the railing, examining the cityscape from the small, secluded alcove next to the table where they'd eaten. 

He rubbed her back, and asked, "You ready?" 

"Mmmm," Jenna responded without moving from her position against the railing. Ben sensed that the Kirin's had inspired Jenna's response, and he wrapped his arms around her chest, and pressed his body against her back. She again offered a throaty response, and pushed her ass back into his quickly swelling dick. Ben's hand found Jenna's shapely right breast, and he began to roll her swollen nipple between his fingers through the sheer fabric of her dress, as she continued to gyrate her hips, pressing her ass against his groin. His left hand caressed her hip, and waist, and he pushed his erection harder against Jenna's ass. Her breathing became noticeably more shallow and rapid, her lips parted, as the subtle movement of his hips rotating against her beautiful ass simulated one of her favorite positions, a position that she was imagining for the night's torrid encounter. 

"I'm so fucking wet for you," Jenna whispered before Ben leaned in to kiss her. Their tongues swirled in each other's mouths, desperate to taste each other, to take each other in. Ben looked back toward the corner of the building for any sign of the waitress. His arousal, and the alcohol combined to fuel his primal response, and his thrusting against her was no longer so subtle. The force of his body pinned her against the railing. 

"Feel how wet my pussy is," Jenna offered. Ben's hand groped at Jenna's ass. She arched her back, pressing her chest against the railing. His fingers found the wetness between her legs, evoking a throaty groin from his wife. 

"Oh my," Ben whispered, as the tip of three fingers became instantly covered in her slippery nectar, as he teased her swollen clit beneath the wet silk underwear. "We should get going."

"Slide your finger in," Jenna pleaded. 

Ben looked again at the corner of the building, and then his hand quickly found it's way under the hem of Jenna's dress, and into her underwear, feeling the crease of her round ass before easily slipping his middle finger into her gushing vagina. Jenna's head dropped to her chest, muffling a primal moan, and she further spread her legs for her husband's finger. Ben pushed his finger deep into her wet tunnel, and began to vigorously fuck his wife, whose legs were on the verge of collapsing beneath her. 

"Like that?" Ben playfully prodded.

"Oh my God," Jenna managed between deep, lusty moans, as her head swirled from the beer and the sexual delirium. "I need your cock in there soon."

"Really?" Ben teased.

"How about here?" he offered, as the tip of his glistening finger pushed against her tight anal opening.

"Mmmm," Jenna responded. And Ben pushed the entire length of his slippery finger deep into her bowel.

"Oh fuck," Jenna gasped, surprised by both the force of her husband's entry, and the ease at which it slid in. The muscles that clenched Ben's fingers gradually relaxed, and he slowly slid out half way, before again driving his finger back into her.

"Do you need a cock in here too," Ben chided before locking onto her lips, and forcibly pushing his tongue into her mouth. Their tongues darted passionately in each other's mouths, and she then began sucking his tongue like a cock to match the rhythm of his finger fucking her tight asshole.

"Maybe I need two cocks in me!" Jenna playfully suggested. "One for my pussy and one ass," she continued. 

"Ya?" Ben urged.

"Ya, you two could take turns in my holes," Jenna encouraged, as she pushed back harder onto Ben's finger, and began to slowly gyrate her hips. 

Ben glanced over to the corner of the building to catch a glimpse of the waitress's back disappearing out of sight. He looked back towards Jenna to notice that her dress had been pulled up to her waste, and her underwear pulled down over buttocks. Jenna's left hand pulled at her ass check, stretching it open to allow his finger to push farther into her. It occurred to him that, although the bamboo provided some privacy, the waitress could have easily seen Jenna's exposed ass, as well as the look of ecstasy on Jenna's face. 

"Uh, we should get going, Jenna."

"Right, we better hurry if we're going to get to the movie on time," Jenna joked. Ben's finger slid out of Jenna's gradually loosening ass before pushing it, and a second finger, back in. 

"Ya, we definitely better hurry," Ben replied, playing along with his sarcastic wife, and he forced his fingers deeper into her eager ass.

"Or, I can just fuck you right here," Ben offered. Jenna offered a moan of approval, almost willing to submit to the lust that was washing over her. 

"Let's get home, so I can get naked for you," Jenna urged. "I need your tongue on my sopping pussy."
