 The four of them had been playing for a few months when, at long last, she shared her fantasy with the rest of the group. Her partner, of course, had been aware for some time of the sorts of activities her loins longed for, but sharing them with the others was a big step for her - one they were determined not to take for granted. They all had fantasies that involved the four of them, the fact that she was willing to take that first step in sharing with everyone else was to be commended.

As so it was that on one otherwise uneventful Saturday, the four got together at one house and decided to ease into the night with a film, some snacks and some beer - they were friends, after all, and it was important that this not be forgotten within all the sex. They had loosely arranged that, other than some petting during the movie, they would get into the gritty sexual behaviour once the film had ended and so when the final credits rolled, they all looked to one another with smiles and looks of lustful anticipation. They all turned to her.

"We'll go and get ready, shall we?" Eddie asked Brenda, smiling. She nodded, offering him her hand and standing, pulling the hem of her dress down. Bruce had been gently teasing her inner thigh and pubic region with his fingers for the last half hour, slowly working towards her glistening entrance, but had mistimed his activities with the end of the film, allowing it to climax quite considerably earlier than he had hoped she would. He smiled across to his own partner, Wendy, who had herself been enjoying Eddie's phallic form beneath a blanket that had hardly hidden anything from the other two. Between her teasing his cock with her hands and lips, the others were sure she'd barely caught any of the movie. She smiled back at him as Brenda and Eddie made their way to the bedroom. 

Brenda was nervous - she had considered this fantasy for quite some time, mulling it over in her head, excited by the prospect but afraid that it might not live up to her expectations. She had been assured by the others that it would be a night of unparralleled pleasure, so long as she gave into her baser desires and allowed them the opportunity to prove it. She relented and here they were, finally acting out her desires.

Once they reached the bedroom, Eddie gently helped her to sit upon the edge of the bed, lifted her dress above her head and undid her bra, allowing her body a measure of freedom seldom experienced whilst clothed. He checked in with her again, just making sure she was still okay to go ahead with the plan, and after a nod and some assurance that she meant it, he helped her get into position in the middle of the bed.

Over the course of the next few minutes, he carefully and deliberately tied a segment of rope around each of her wrists and ankles, spreading them out into each corner of the bed and tying them off against the bed posts. By the time he had finished, she had barely an inch of wriggle-room between the four of them. Short of bucking her hips, there was very little she could do in the form of movement. He climbed onto the bed beside her, smiling down at her face and giving her a quick kiss on the lips before asking, one last time, if she was sure she wanted this.

"Absolutely."

He nodded, said nothing more and slowly slipped a blindfold over her eyes, tying it tight so as to prevent her from seeing any of which was about to unfold. Quietly, carefully, he made his way out of the room to fetch Bruce and Wendy. Together, the three of them slowly undressed themselves in the living room, made sure they were all prepared to complete the task at hand, that they were applying the pre-agreed upon contraceptives, and made their way into the bedroom as silently as possible.

The sight that met their eyes astounded them all. Brenda was immobilised, completely naked and stunningly gorgeous - though of course, both men believed that to be the case all the time. The way her legs parted, just revealing the wetness between her thighs, the way her breasts hung off to each side - a consequence of her voluptuous nature - the way her face had a mixture of excitement and nerves all wrapped into one truly beautiful expression. A satisfied sigh left one's lips, whilst the others smiled at one another, looking forward to that which was to follow.

They took a few moments to take her in, to just enjoy that which they could see, watching as her body instinctively reacted to their presence, before making their next move. Bruce made the first move, making a beeline for one of Brenda's breasts. He knew, from his time playing with her, that she had a fondness for having her nipples kissed and licked, nibbled and squeezed and so he started, taking her right nipple in his mouth and sucking upon it gently, caressing her flesh with his tongue, allowing his teeth to exert just the slightest measure of pressure upon her. He heard her breathing change and intensified his actions, waving a hand towards the other two, gesturing them closer. Wendy took a position between Brenda's thighs, kissing her sex gently, barely even touching her, getting just the tiniest hint of her pussy juice upon her lips. Every so often, when the moment felt right, Wendy would flick her tongue in just the right spot, making Brenda react much stronger to the pleasure, though all the while moaning into Eddie's mouth as he kissed her, using his fingers to squeeze and pinch her left nipple, his other hand holding her neck from the side - not squeezing or choking, but firmly keeping her head exactly where it was.

Wendy stepped up her pace, moving from gentle kissing and teasing licks to intensely lapping at her pussy, forcing her tongue into every nook and groove of Brenda's delicious orifice, tasting every drop of her juices, feeling every inch of her skin. Brenda's body would shake, her mind focused on one thing and one thing only - Wendy's tongue.

Moments passed with Brenda's moans filling the air before Bruce and Wendy swapped places, her taking the chance to kiss and caress Brenda's body, while he slowly slipped two fingers into Brenda's pussy, slowly flicking them up into the inside face of her pubic triangle, his thumb slowly tracing a line over her clit and inner labia, helping to spread her wetness and the residual saliva from Wendy all over the region. With a calm, deliberate motion, he moved down onto his knees, maintaining the rhythm of his fingers within her, replacing his thumb with his own tongue, tasting her for himself. He had a particular fondness for her wetness, and he knew that she enjoyed it too, and so he intended to swap out with Eddie next, so that he could share her own wetness with her. He quickened the pace of his fingers, roughly pressing against her insides, before releasing and repeating rapidly. Her moans increased in volume, her body betraying her desire to maintain some semblance of control. A minute, perhaps two later, her whole body spasmed with an orgasm, but he kept his fingers in motion, helping her ride the wave of pleasure for as long as possible. Once the orgasm had subsided, he gestured to 

Eddie with his free hand to indicate a desire to swap places.

Eddie got into position between her thighs and went to town with his tongue upon her pussy, thrusting it deep inside of her, lapping away at her outsides. He had a lot of experience in this field, and a lot of fondness for the activity. He had, during the course of their relationship, learned how best to edge her with his tongue, how to drag the process out in such a way that he could bring her right to the point of orgasm, but keep her from teetering past the point of no return. The others enjoyed witnessing an apparent professional at work, as well as listening to her excited and pleasure filled tones while they themselves went about the business of playing with her breasts and mouth, sampling her in their own ways.

The minutes ticked by as she embraced the fine line between pleasure and frustration, with the latter starting to take control of her mind, her head pulling away from Bruce as she spoke just two words, barely audible to them all, mixed in with a pleasure-filled moan that added an element of urgency to the proceedings.

"Fuck me."

Without a second thought, Eddie and Bruce moved to remove the bindings from her ankles, so that they could position her in such a way that they could both penetrate her together, one taking her ass, the other her pussy. They had agreed beforehand that, should it reach this point, Eddie would take her behind whilst Bruce would have her front, and so without hesitation, once her positioning allowed for it, they both slipped in - Eddie at a somewhat slower pace given the need to apply a measure of lubricant and ease into her - and thrust away at her inviting holes. Wendy, being without a phallus, climbed upon Brenda's face and lowered her own pussy onto her mouth, greeted by a welcoming pair of lips and tongue as Brenda began to repay the favour, so to speak. The room was filled with the satisfied grunts of the two men and the excited and pleasured moans of the women as they all experienced something they enjoyed immensely.

Eddie came first, closely followed by Wendy and Brenda, who came almost together. Bruce rounded off proceedings, ejaculating into his condom deep within Brenda's vagina, a satisfied grin filling his and everyone else's face.

Wendy climbed from Brenda's face and once they had all had a moment to catch their breath, they removed the bindings from Brenda's wrists and the blindfold from her face, letting her see all of their very pleased faces. The smiles said everything that was needed between them, their loins buzzing with satisfaction, their minds racing from the acts they had just performed together. One thing was certain - it had been an eventful and enjoyable night for them all.