 *This story is the second part of coffee bar confessions. My thanks to those who gave positive feedback and spurned me on to write it*

Tom’s mind raced. Another man was tasting his cum. Lucy’s heart skipped a beat. Had all their fantasies come true at once? When Lee ran his tongue down her chin to clean up what she had spilt, they knew they had.

Chapter 2

“He tastes good, doesn’t he” whispered Lucy.

“Oh yeah” said Lee. They both turned to look at Tom. Tom’s heart was beating so fast he was sure it would jump right out of his chest. 

“So where do we go from here guys?” Asked Lee.

“Our place” replied Tom.

“Great idea” Lucy agreed.

The three got ready to leave the shop. They stepped out onto the High Street, bustling with people making their way home after a busy day. Friday nights were always different, people walked with eager anticipation of the weekend. None were more eager than our trio. Tom skipped past Lucy and playfully slapped her bum, she in turn shrieked and gave chase for just a few steps, she turned back to look at Lee. Tom a few feet ahead turned back also. Lee suddenly ran towards the pair of them, they both laughed loudly and ran through the shopping center to the car park.

All three waited for the lift in silence. The doors opened and all three stepped inside, the doors closed. The lift was full to capacity. Tom pushed the button for the eighth floor where the car was parked. He could feel Lee standing close behind him, his groin gently nudging his backside. The lift stopped on floor 2, an old couple left the lift but Lee did not make use of the space, he stayed tucked tight behind Tom. Tom began to feel his cock hardening, he leant back slightly into Lee’s lap. The lift stopped on floor 6, everyone else got out. The doors closed. Lucy laughed hard. “You guys!! That old couple saw what you two were doing!!” she laughed.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” said Tom sarcastically.

The lift doors opened and the three stepped out into the sunshine. It was a hot sultry evening. The air was heavy.

“Phew it’s a hot one,” said Lucy using her newspaper as a makeshift fan as she walked towards the car.

“Wait until we get home, then you will know the real meaning of hot,” said Tom.

After a short car journey they had arrived at the house. 

“Drink guys?” asked Lucy

“Please love,” said Tom “There are some cold beers in the fridge, do you want one Lee?”

“Would be great,” replied Lee

Both men went to sit in the lounge, Lucy followed shortly afterwards with two beers.

“Guys I’m going to go get a quick shower, I need to freshen up” Lucy told them

“Great idea” said Lee “You guys mind if I do too?”

“Course not” replied Tom “Lucy will grab you a couple of towels wont you honey”

“Sure, come this way,” said Lucy.

Lee followed Lucy up the stairs; he ran his hand up her thigh as he walked behind her. Lucy had a beautiful figure and Lee just couldn’t keep his hands to himself any longer.

“Lucy you are a stunningly attractive woman, Tom is a lucky guy” Lee told her.

“I’m lucky to have found him,” said Lucy “He is my everything”.

She stopped at the cupboard and took two clean towels out for Lee. She turned to face him. She held the towels out to Lee; she looked into his dark brown eyes. Lee leant forward and kissed her tenderly. 

“You wouldn’t be starting without me would you?” laughed Tom as he reached the top of the stairs.

“As if we would do such a thing,” giggled Lucy.

She turned and went into the bathroom running the shower so it was nice and cool. She closed the door and locked it.

“Oh no” moaned Tom “She’s going to be ages in there now I bet”

“That’s ok,” said Lee “I’m sure we can amuse ourselves for a little while”

Tom walked into the bedroom; Lee followed placing the towels Lucy had given him on the chair in the corner of the room. Tom sat on the bed and removed his shoes, socks and trousers.

“Phew that feels better,” he said.

Lee started to unbutton his shirt. Tom admired his athletic body. 

“You are in great shape Lee. Do you work out much?” asked Tom

“Couple of times a week” he replied, “I like going to the gym, keeps me fit, and its full of great looking women! You on the other hand don’t have to travel far to see one of those though, Lucy is very beautiful”

“Yes she is, not only is she beautiful but she loves me for who I am, and she’s just as kinky as I am. I am lucky to have found her.”

“Not as lucky as me to have found both of you!” laughed Lee.

Tom could hear Lucy singing from the shower. He glanced at the clock at the side of the bed. Lee sat down on the bed next to him; he ran his hand up Tom’s thigh. Tom’s heart rate quickened, Lee placed his hand on Tom’s chest pushing him gently back on the bed. He could see Tom’s cock was hard through his underwear. He gently rubbed his hard cock through the material. Tom moaned in pleasure.

“Now who’s starting without who?” they both sat up and saw Lucy wrapped in a towel standing in the doorway with a huge smile on her face.

Lee stood up laughing. 

“Well we didn’t know how long you would be,” he said.

“Left the shower running guys, hurry up” Lucy joked.

“Charming,” said Tom “You take as long as you want, yet we are hurried up”

“Come on Tom, we can share the shower. Show this young missy here that men need half the time” Lee said as he took off the rest of his clothes.

“Hmmmm good idea” Tom agreed. 

Both men walked into the bathroom, leaving the door open. Lee stepped into the shower; the water was warm yet cooling to the skin. Tom stepped in after him. Both men sighed heavily as the water cooled their hot bodies. Lee took the soap in his hands, and lathered a big handful, passing it to Tom. Tom did the same; Lee placed both soapy hands on Tom’s chest gently washing his body. Tom followed suit. 

Lucy could see through the bathroom door. The sight of two men in her shower at the same time made her wet. She watched as they washed each other, exploring each other’s bodies. The contrast in skin colour looked so perfect to her, so alluring. Lee took Tom’s hard cock in his hand and stroked it gently. Tom did the same to Lee.  It was the first hard cock Tom had ever felt apart from his own. As he stroked he could feel Lee’s cock getting harder and harder. The water cascaded down both of them. Tom felt he was in Heaven. Lee turned off the water; both men stepped out of the shower and returned to the bedroom.

“Have fun did we?” asked Lucy. She was lying on the bed still wrapped in her towel, looking up at two naked wet men with two very hard cocks.

They smiled and wandered over to the bed. With a man either side of her on the bed Lucy felt exhilarated. Her whole body felt as if it was on fire. Both men gently cupped a breast each, gently sucking on her pert nipples. Running their hands up her legs, across her stomach. Kissing down her body. Lucy was ravenous for cock, she wanted it so badly, her pussy was dripping wet and waiting for attention, begging to be played with.

“I need a cock right now!” she shouted.

Tom sat up on the bed, looked down at his wife squirming on the bed.

“Well you are about to learn how to wait for what you want young lady!” he told her. 

Lucy groaned and drew her knees close to her chest, fetal like. She wanted gratification.

Tom looked at Lee’s hard cock; never had he wanted anything so badly. He took the hard cock into his mouth. Lee drew in a sharp breath.

“Oh my god, baby that looks so hot,” said Lucy as she plunged two fingers into her dripping sex, watching the spectacle that was unfolding before her very eyes.

Tom teased Lee’s cock with his tongue. Licking the end gently, tasting his pre-cum, then taking the tip into his mouth he sucked softly. He slowly began to take Lee’s cock deeper and deeper into his mouth, with each stroke he took him deeper until Tom could feel Lee’s pubic hair gently tickle his nose. Lee was moaning loudly, enjoying every moment. 

Lucy reached into a drawer by the side of the bed and took out a strap-on. Watching her man eat cock was driving her crazy. She strapped on and was ready to go. She climbed behind Tom, gently rubbed some lube over his arse, which was turned up so invitingly as he knelt eating Lee’s cock. Lucy knelt behind him, teasing his arsehole with her strap on cock. Tom groaned with his mouth full of cock, he knew what was coming, he couldn’t wait any longer. He pushed back onto the strap-on. 

Lucy started to slowly fuck him. Tom felt that his entire body was on fire. A cock in his arse and a cock in his mouth. He sucked Lee harder and faster. Lucy fucked him harder and reached round to feel his hard cock in her hand as she pumped. Tom’s cock was dripping with pre-cum.

“Let me take over” said Lee to Lucy “Let him feel what a real cock is”

Lucy moved aside and took off the strap-on. Lee positioned himself behind Tom. His hard cock still wet from Tom’s expert sucking. With the gentlest of pushes he entered him. Tom cried out, he had never felt so full. Lee’s cock was thicker than any dildo he had had before. Lee stopped pushing and waited for Tom to relax again, then he pushed a little deeper, waiting each time until his entire length was inside him. Slowly he began to fuck him.

This was the sight Lucy had wanted to see so much, her husband being fucked by a man. She spread her legs in front of Tom “Eat me while I watch him fuck you” she said.

Tom ran his tongue over his wife’s clit. She was so wet her juices had run down both her thighs. Tom licked her clean then got to work on her dripping pussy, lapping at her wet folds. Lee’s cock continued to pump in his arse. Lucy started to groan and writhe Tom knew she was close. Tom wanted to be inside her pussy, he leant forward still with Lee’s cock pumping him from behind. He teased her pussy with the tip of his cock…

“FUCK ME” she screamed.

Lee thrust forward, pushing Tom’s cock into his wife. Each thrust from Lee buried Tom’s cock deeper into Lucy. Tom’s cock was so hard he could feel Lee’s cock getting harder and harder in his arse and he could feel Lucy’s pussy tighten around his cock.

“Your pussy is so wet baby,” he whispered in his wife’s ear “And this hard cock pumping in my arse is driving me crazy, it feels so good”

His words tipped Lucy over the edge; she felt the first wave of orgasm wash over her. Quickly followed by another, then another. She was screaming loudly.

“Yeah lets hear you coming,” growled Lee. He fucked Tom’s arse with renewed vigor.

“I’m gonna blow” shouted Tom. He quickly withdrew from his wife still with Lee’s cock buried deep in his arse, he wanked his cock furiously over Lucy’s writhing orgasmic body. 

Lee knew he was close; he slowly removed his cock from deep within Tom’s arse and joined him wanking over Lucy’s tits.

Lucy came again at the sight before her. Two men, cocks in hand, heads thrown back in sheer ecstasy.

“Let me see those cocks coming all over me” she purred running her hands over her nipples.

She didn’t have to wait long; Tom was the first to oblige. Lucy felt the first splash of come on her front. Tom cried out loudly. Lee was quick to follow.

Lucy sat up taking Tom’s pulsating cock in her mouth. She sucked him hard, milking him of his last drops. Turning her head she sucked Lee clean.

Both man sat back on their heels exhausted, looking down at a come covered Lucy.

“Shower guys?” she giggled as she moved to get up from the bed. On all fours crawling across the bed.

Tom and Lee both slapped her upturned backside. She squealed still giggling, climbed off the bed, grabbed her towel discarded earlier and headed for the bathroom.