 The party was at 7:30 and it was 7:00 now!! My clothes were still drying and my hair was still wet. I wasn't going to be on time, but at least I didn't have far to go. The party was at my friends' apartment five doors down from me. I had been to their place many times, and really enjoyed their company. 

Sue and Paul had recently moved here to San Francisco from Honduras, forced to leave due to the political unrest in the country at the time. I found them to be a fascinating and very attractive couple. We met at our apartment pool and immediately struck up a friendship. I knew they had an alternative lifestyle and that just added to my fascination with them, so it didn't bother me a bit to go to their place or have them over to mine, even though I didn't share in their lifestyle choices.

They never thought anything of it to walk around their place stark naked in front of me, either of them, and though a bit uneasy at first, it really didn't bother me after a short time. I really loved that they felt so free around me. The hardest part was trying not to stare at Paul's huge cock! It was really big, even flaccid, so it took effort to learn to avert my eyes. 

When they invited me to their party, I wasn't at all surprised to find out that other people with the same sense of freedom would be there. I didn't mind as long as they didn't expect me to get naked. But the whole concept of going to a gathering of naked bodies really did intrigue me. I was excited to see how they could just all mill around each other and not get completely horny. I figured I'd get horny for sure, but I'd had no real idea of just how horny!

At about 7:40 I rang the bell at their door. Sue answered in a pink leather bustier that gracefully hugged her generous breasts. She greeted me pulling me into the apartment and she was especially friendly, hugging me closely and kissing me quickly on the lips, as if we were the youngest and dearest of sisters. I felt her wonderful breasts flatten against mine as we hugged. As she pulled back from me, I could see them clearly through the thin molding of leather. I looked at her beautiful body admiringly and then realized I was staring.

"Oh Sue I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to stare, but you do look beautiful tonight!" I stammered as I tried to explain, but she clutched my arm and drawing near me giggled.

"O, Leslie, you're so adorable when you're flustered! It's one of your cutest assets." And with that, she squeezed my ass and pulled me into the den off the main room. "Please don't be offended or put off, but Paul wants you to wear this for the party if you think you can?!" 

I was flabbergasted! It was an ensemble consisting of a black leather bustier with garter straps, black thong, black "fuck me" heels, and black stockings! But what caught my eye faster than any of it was the collar!! Black leather with silver studs all around it and a shiny silver ring. I was so shocked I couldn't speak! But Sue was so convincing and persuasive I finally agreed to wear it. Once dressed, Sue came back in after me and gasped with a wicked grin!

"Please come meet our guests," she spoke with a whispered and excited voice. As I entered the room, I was shocked and embarrassed to see all the couples dressed normally. My face flushed, as well as the rest of me, but I could see the approving nods and glances from all of them, so it helped ease my nerves somewhat. As Sue made the introductions around the room, it gave me a chance to check out all the men and women. They were all gorgeous! Was this a modeling agency reunion? 

I was delighted at first, but then self-doubt started creeping in and I began feeling rather inadequate in the looks department. I knew I had a killer body, nice firm full ass, thighs that were a bit large but toned, a small flat soft belly, and large ripe tits with small pink nipples. But I didn't consider myself a beautiful woman, certainly not in their league. 

Facially, I was rather plain I think, but I stood in the face of beauty like I'd not seen in person before. The men and women both were very attractive, and as the evening progressed, I found out they were quite personable, too. I enjoyed the many conversations I had, flitting around the rooms, joining and feeling welcomed into all sorts of conversations. I took mingling to a higher plane that night and was feeling quite pleased with myself.Then something happened that changed the whole evening.

Paul came over and in one fell swoop, leaned his lips down to my neck and clasped a leash to my collar!! I was shocked and somewhat confused! "I've wanted to see you like this for months now, Leslie. You are mine tonight, and if you'll grant me this, I'll make you the happiest woman alive!" I didn't know what to say, but he was so mesmerizing and strong, dominant and powerful, I just melted in his arms. He kissed me deeply and then told me to follow his every direction. 

First, I was to continue to mix and mingle with his guests, getting to know them intimately, and in turn, let them get to know me. But all the while I did, I'd be wearing this leash, and it would be handled by whomever I was talking with. I was to be passed around the party like a tray of hors deuvers, and was instructed to obey every order given by whomever was holding the leash.

I continued visiting with a couple from Scotland, George and Anne, and as we talked, George started fondling my breasts! Right between the gouging of gas prices and rising costs of hot tubs, without missing a beat he began to knead and massage my breasts, his eyes never leaving mine. I looked over at Anne and her eyes were closed, and a slight smile was tempting the corners of her mouth as she crept her hand inside her pants. She opened her eyes and turned to George, licking wide along his neck and up to his ear. His conversation trailed slightly as he bent his head into her tonguing. She whispered something to him, and with that, he told me to kneel.

I wasn't sure what to do, but I wanted to please Paul, so I knelt at his feet and he moved over a bit, guiding Trish in front of me. He was still kneading my tits as Anne pulled her mouth around to meet his. I could see her tongue entering his mouth as they kissed deeply. While they kissed, she took her pants down to the hips, and George directed me to begging licking her pussy! 

I was shocked yet again!! I'd never had any kind of sexual relations with a woman before and wasn't sure I really wanted to. But again, I wanted to please, and I glanced over to Paul, searching for a look of approval or encouragement from him. He sternly nodded his head, as if to say, "You'd better, bitch!" and so I began licking her labia. I could feel George handing the leash to Anne and soon, she was gasping and moaning, pulling the leash tightly to her cunt, and forcing my lips tightly to her nether lips.

I'd never done this and wasn't sure exactly what I was doing at first, but then I started really getting into it, realizing how all I had to do was what I'd have liked done to me. After a brief moment, George reached out for my hand and pulled it into his crotch. His other hand was still planted firmly massaging my tit and his mouth still entwined with Anne's. He brought my hand to rest on his swelling cock, pushing my palm down over it and running it along his length. I was stunned, but nearly fainted when Anne covered my hand with hers and rubbed his cock through me!

I was really getting so horny, I didn't care, hell I even liked it! Anne started breathing harder and George responded by using his now freed hand to play with her. He immediately started fingering her ass, stroking her slowly and circling his fingers around it methodically. I was mesmerized! Watching them like this, I was at first nervous and uncomfortable, but I started really getting into the swing and was getting wet as hell! 

Anne was moaning softly now and George ran with it, using both hands to pull her breasts out away from her body through her shirt. Then he pulled her peasant blouse down baring her luscious firm breasts and as he bent to lick and suck her nipples, his hands started working at his button and zipper! Her hand on mine rubbed him faster and faster, then stopped suddenly as we helped to get his pants undone. I looked at her amazed that she would want me to bare her own lover's cock! She lifted her head to me quickly as if to say "Go ahead, it's alright", and then at her urging I pulled them right down to his ankles. His cock looked even bigger than it felt! My eyes must've been big as saucers, because Anne looked at me and giggled "Go ahead Baby, suck that hard cock." With that, she handed him the leash. 

By this time the other couple had gathered 'round to watch the spectacle unfold. I initially felt very uncomfortable with all this. Sue sensed it and came to me smiling, knelt in front of me and took George's cock in her mouth. I was relieved and yet slightly disappointed, but I watched with fascination as these three people pleasured each other so sexily. Breaking my transfixed stare was the other couple standing slightly behind George and Anne. David and Katy or "Cat" as she preferred were very interesting people. 

He was a pilot and she a flight attendant and they'd both been everywhere. Early on in the evening, David let me in on the fact that they got frequent flyer miles from the revered Mile High Club. I knew it was a joke, but I guessed he was quite serious in his inference. Now they were entangled in each others' arms, lips locked, and hands busy unbuttoning and unzipping. They groped and rubbed and panted until they were standing quite naked.

Just about this time, George stood and pulled Cat from David's grasp and began kissing her as Anne took George's cock from Sue, handing over the leash and greedily started sucking his thick member. Sue stood and pulled me to her, looking me in the eyes lovingly, stroking my cheek, moving my hair. Then she moved her lips closer to mine and she kissed me full on the lips! As she did, I found liked her taste and feel. With one hand behind my head, she started loosening her bustier with the other and then let it drop. She pulled my hand to her breast and looked at me as she rolled the nipple into my palm. I couldn't believe all that was happening, but it was getting me so hot, I didn't care anymore, so I leaned my mouth toward hers and kissed her deeply, parting her lips with my tongue, probing the hot moistness of her mouth. 

My hands took over, instinctively rolling her nipples and massaging her tits. Her hands went to my bustier and peeled the cups down off my tits. When she pulled them down, my tits popped free, jiggling as they fell out of the leather and lace. Paul, who'd been watching and wanking, came over and took the leash, continuing the kiss Sue had started. He was already hard, and as I said, was a very generously endowed man even soft, so hard, he was quite large.

After a few seconds, he broke the kiss abruptly and forced the leash, and me in turn, down to the floor on my knees and elbows. He directed Sue to get her pussy in my face, as he walked around behind me and yanked the thong right off me, tearing it easily. He dropped to his knees and pushed his fingers roughly into my cunt, stirring my juices and causing more to flow. I groaned but was cut off from it by Sue's cunt, as she shoved it into my face immediately. I licked and slurped her pussy and clit like there was no tomorrow, egged on further by her moans and gasps.

Paul moved his probing fingers from my cunt to my ass, and penetrated me without warning or prepping, but I was so hot by this time, I was ready for just about anything, or so I thought! He finger fucked my ass for just a minute, then pulled out, replacing his finger immediately with his huge cock head! I screamed as he entered my virgin ass, but was quickly muffled again by Sue's cunt, and within a few seconds, Paul was slamming his thick cock deep into my ass! I wriggled and writhed as the searing pain enveloped me, but his assault was relentless.

Very quickly, however, I started really enjoying this new type of invasion and started thrusting back to meet him. I was so close and he must've sensed it, because he reached under me and grabbed my clit as he pummeled my ass, pinching and rubbing it fast and furiously, till within seconds, I was convulsing and spasming all over my body!

At that, he let out a series of loud moans and I felt his cock throb and twitch in my ass, knowing he was jetting his cum deep in my bowels. He pulled the leash tight, yanking me off Sue's pussy and pulled me back to him, kissing me roughly. He held me like this for several seconds, then pushed me forward and called David over, telling me to fuck him good and hard, calling me a bitch and an ass cunt. David was there in a flash, and Paul handed him the leash, telling him to "fuck the whore hard and long." David sat on the floor in front of me and guided my hips over into his lap and onto his hard cock. I was facing away from him, on my knees, fucking him in my cunt for all I was worth. As I bounced up and down onto his cock, my tits bounced with me, and he reached around me grabbing both tits and used them somewhat like handles to guide me off and on his pole. It was a bit painful, certainly rough, but was so erotic it didn't matter! I was getting the fucking of a lifetime tonight, and wasn't about to complain about anything at all!

David guided me up and down his shaft with skill and expertise, knowing just how hard and how fast I would like it, or maybe it was just to his liking and I just happened to like it as well. In any case, it was wonderful, this rough type of sex. He smacked my ass several times while he pummeled me onto his cock and even slapped my tits from behind when he'd let go and I would lose the rhythm somewhat! 

Then he called George over and told him to fuck my mouth while riding him! I was absolutely shocked! This kept getting better and kinkier with every passing moment! George walked to me and grabbing my hair tightly with both hands told me to open up my fucking mouth. I obliged and without any other warning, he slammed his cock right into the back of my mouth! "Relax that fucking throat, I'm going to fuck it deep," he snarled as he pushed and pulled my head on and off his shaft. I tried but couldn't accept it all, but he pummeled my mouth anyway. 

David lay back as I continued to ride him and called Sue over to sit on his face. She obeyed immediately and began grinding her pussy onto his mouth. She was facing my back, and reached around me grabbing my tits and rolling my nipples between her fingers. She massaged them as she rotated her cunt onto his face. 

George was slamming my throat and I was relaxing it, taking it all now! He was fucking my throat relentlessly, pulling me by the hair, roughly, sharply on and off his thick dick. I gagged numerous times, but I still got it all down my throat. His balls slapped my chin and I reached up and started squeezing them with one hand, while I fingered his ass with the other. I could feel his balls tighten and his breathing got more rapid, as did his thrusts. Within seconds, he was spurting his cum in my throat, choking and gagging me!

David's cock was getting even bigger in me, I could feel him getting ready, and I reached down and started rubbing my clit furiously. I alternated with squeezing his balls and soon we were both moaning and spasming, cum leaking out of me all around his cock and balls.

Paul, having watched George fuck my mouth took a special interest in my cock sucking abilities and moved in font of me quickly. He grabbed the leash from David and was yanking it, pulling my mouth roughly onto his huge swollen cock. He grabbed the hair on both sides of my head and started forcing his cock down my throat till my face was buried in his pubic hair. He held me there, telling me to "gag, bitch" and when I did, he began mercilessly pumping his cock in and out of my throat, slamming my face into his belly with every thrust. 

At this point, Cat slid up underneath me and started to lick and suck the cum right out of me! I was going ballistic! I ground my pussy into her face as I sucked Paul for all I was worth. I could see out of the corner of my eye, George was on the floor, finger fucking Sue's cunt as she sucked his balls into her mouth. Anne was next to them, rubbing her hands all over David's semi-flaccid cock. David was busy eating her cunt, so we were all very busy! 

This all continued on into the wee hours of the morning, and by 7:00 am, we were all exhausted! Sue busily offered everyone blankets and pillows and we all slept where we were, with whomever we ended up. I slept in Paul's arms, having made him cum at least 5 times that night! When we started rousing about noon, we slowly kissed and wearily lounged a while, taking turns in the kitchen with different jobs making a buffet breakfast for everyone, and then as they woke and ate, Paul and I entertained them yet again, fucking wildly in the living room floor.

Everyone was very pleased with our performance and cheered us on, shouting "fuck her, Paul" and "that's it, Leslie". As he neared his orgasm, Paul pulled out of my spasming cunt and sprayed his cum all over my tits, face, and belly. The guests cheered and applauded and congratulated us both. That was a night I'll never forget and they even let me keep the collar as a reminder of the whole nights events. WOW!! What! a reminder!