 "I have no clue what I'm doing," Jane whined. "I mean he's sending me all of these... texts. I don't know how to respond."

"Well do you want to have sex with him?" Cat asked casually. She was staring at Jane's phone scrolling through the messages. "Oh my god, is that his dick?! Wow."

"Hey, I'm right here," I exclaimed, being a little jealous my girlfriend was looking at another man, even if through someone else's phone.

"Oh shush, it's not as if you haven't looked at porn before Trav." This was true but I didn't gawk at it in front of her. None the less, the guy was good when it came to these texts. They were turning me on, more so because of the thought of me doing them to Cat. 

"So, have you sent him any photos?" inquired Cat. I can't help but recall the collection I have hidden away in my phone of her in many positions. There's one she sent me when I went on family vacation, it was just her pussy with the dildo I bought her shoved all the way in, barely fitting into the tight space with the help of all the juices that were visible on her thighs and sheets. The caption read 'I miss you!' with a typed out sad face following it. It is by far my favorite photo.

"Well not yet," Jane replied. "I wanted to but I'm not sure what pose to go with." 

"Well show us your collection," Cat demanded.

"What collection?"

"Collection of nudes, duh. Let me see!"

"I haven't taken any, yet. No reason to I guess."

"Well let's change that. I'll show you when we get to the apartment. This college is hardly the place to take a good photo." 

~

As we all entered our apartment Cat took Jane into Cat's and my bedroom. I plopped down on the couch and turned on the TV. I don't think Cat would like it much if I was staring at our roommate's naked body. Some kind of presidential debate was going on. I never did really follow these things. I flipped through the channels and five minutes later decided nothing good was on. Maybe there is a good show. I walk toward my bedroom and luckily the door is cracked open. 

I peek through the small opening. The first thing I see is Jane's tanned body lying on my bed one arm supporting her upper body and I follow the other to between her legs, which are spread wide open, spreading the lips of her pussy. Her tongue is sticking out with a wide open mouthed smile and her bleach blond hair falls around her face and shoulders. Her tits, free from their confines, showed off her amazing D cup size and her pink perky nipples. Now this was a good show. Cat snapped a photo with her phone then with Jane's. 

"You look so sexy," Cat said practically drooling over the body in front of her. "You've never had sex before? Not even with a woman?"

"Nope, never, but I have thought about a couple of women," Jane responded with a look of lust. "All I know is I want him to be the first guy inside my pussy."

"Well, that's fair his cock is amazing, but do I know any of those girls?"

"You may know a couple of them. They're around the college."

"Would you be willing to be with a woman now?"

"Well that depends on the girl I guess." 

I can't believe what is happening right in front of me. Jane hasn't put her clothes on yet but grabs her phone and starts typing. When she puts it down she looks at a now standing up Cat. My girlfriend walks toward my roommate and climbs over her naked body, forcing Jane to lay completely down. "What about me?" Cat asked looking her prey in the eyes. Jane looks absolutely dumbfounded but, after a couple seconds, wraps her arms around Cat's neck and pulls her into a kiss. Is this really happening? I fumble for my phone in my pocket and hit the record button on the camera app. By the time it starts up Cat's shirt has already been pulled off and bra thrown to the ground, allowing her double D's to fall onto Jane's chest. I must've made some noise because Cat pops her head up and, while still looking at Jane, starts to speak.

"You know you can join the fun too," she said seductively. I think she's talking to Jane and apparently so does she. Jane's puzzled look must've tipped Cat off because she continued, "Not you sexy, the man standing behind the door."

I come into the room still holding my phone. "Hey ladies, what's up?" I ask. It sounded kinda douchey but I was too surprised at what was going on. 

"Well do you wanna be part of this, honey?" Cat quizzed as she wiggled her ass that was still covered in jeans. "Wait, are you recording us with your phone?" She sounded upset so I replied, "I'll put it away."

"Yeah you better, and grab the camera from the closet. I don't want my pussy to be in low quality."

This is the woman I'm going to marry, but for now fuck her brains out. I ran for the closet and pulled the camera and tripod from the top shelf. I set it up at an angle to the bed. When I turned around they were making out again. I walked over and pulled Cat off of Jane's panting body and flipped her onto the bed. I unbuttoned her pants and yanked them down to reveal black lace undies. I grabbed the waistband to pull them down and she grabbed my hand to stop me. She shook her head and got off the bed and kneeled in front of me. 

"Not yet, I want to taste your cock first," she panted and then beckoned Jane over. "Come over here and help. Don't be shy!" She looked reluctant at first but eventually got on her knees. Cat worked on my zipper while Jane unbuttoned me. They pulled my pants and boxers down at the same time. My cock sprung out, already hard from watching the two of the kissing. Cat licked my shaft starting from my balls working her way up and finally giving the head a kiss. My dick twitched at the feel and she smiled.

"Oh, if you want more your shirt has to come off," she teased. I pulled my shirt over my midnight black hair. "Good boy." She continued to lick all over my shaft and Jane started to lick and suck my balls. She moved to the base of my cock and licked up toward the tip in unison with Cat, their lips meeting at the end and starting a very passionate kiss. While they did that Cat was pumping my cock with her hand, every once in awhile moving her hand to fondle and squeeze my balls. Cat kissed down Jane's neck and reached her nipples. Her mouth latched onto one and her other hand started to squeeze the other tit, sometimes moving her fingers to focus on just her nipple.

Then, suddenly, Jane consumed my entire dick. It took me by total surprise and my knees went weak and I fell back. Luckily there was a bed behind me. Jane continued to move her mouth up and down my dick, using her teeth to barely scrape my skin on her way down. Jane let my dick pop out of her mouth and looked at Cat, who no longer was sucking and biting her nipples. 

"Take his cock I wanna do something else," she demanded Cat. Cat nodded and happily started to lick my cock again. She wrapped her mouth around one of my balls and started to lick and suck it in her mouth. I saw Jane move behind Cat and move her hand down Cat's stomach. It moved progressively to her crotch. Cat let go of my balls and gasped as Jane's hand reached her destination. I saw Jane's hand moving feverishly under the black undies. Cat moved her hand onto my shaft and started to pump away as her tongue licked and teased my entire crotch. 

I close my eyes to take in the pleasure and, when I open my eyes, Cat's panties were off and Jane's face was under her flicking her tongue into a dripping wet pussy. Cat was too busy moaning to be bothered using her mouth on me so when Jane did something to make her moan, I took her head and slammed my cock into her mouth. Seems she got the hint because she started to suck me, moaning around my member. I looked down at Jane and saw that she had inserted two of her fingers into her pussy and was moving them in and out with ease thanks to the juices she's producing. 

"Jane, we have toys in that drawer over there," I lazily say. She pulls her fingers out and moves out from under my girlfriend. She licks the juice off her fingers and walks over the nightstand. She pulled out a small but powerful vibrator. She starts it up and walks over next to Cat who is still licking and sucking me but she moved back down to my balls. Jane starts on my shaft again. While she's swirling her tongue around my tip, she puts the vibrator up her pussy with slow delicacy. Once it was all in she moaned out loud and immediately went back to sucking me. She sucked my cock while Cat licked, teased, and sucked my balls. 

Slowly Jane's breathing became rapid and her moans became more frequent. Her mouth stopped moving around my dick and just closed her lips around it and held it there before letting go to scream out her orgasm. Cat pulled Jane away from me and started to make out with her heavily. I decided I wanted more than just the blowjobs she was giving me. I moved behind Cat and pulled her plump ass into the air, forcing her on her hands and knees. I wasted no time as I rammed my cock directly into her pussy.

A large gasp escaped her lips and I pounded relentlessly into her, her pussy lips clinging to my dick desperate to keep it in. Her pussy walls felt amazing, lathering my shaft in her juices allowing for easy entry. I smacked her ass with my hand and watched as the force rippled her pale skin. I looked up from the ecstasy inducing sight and saw another one. Cat was kissing and biting Jane's neck, pulling and leaving marks on the skin. Her hand had moved to Jane's pussy and was using the toy to tease our friend. Jane's hands were working on massaging Cat's huge tits, flicking and pinching the nipples as well. I leaned down and moved my hands to touch Cat's pussy. I found her clit and teased it a little at first by just barely scraping it with my finger and gradually pushed harder until I put as much force as I could without hurting her. Her agreement with this pleasure was apparent by the moans and gasps following for the next couple of minutes before I finally felt her slick walls clamp onto my dick. I continued to thrust as her body tensed up and released from the pleasure waving over her body. Apparently I had taken Cat's attention from Jane and she didn't look to happy with a fake pout. 

"You have to make up for lost pleasure," she told me as she pulled me up and pushed me onto the bed. Her legs went on both sides of mine and she placed her pussy right above my cock. 

"Wait, I thought you wanted the boy you were texting to be your first," I stupidly questioned. "After all, wasn't his cock 'amazing'."

"We weren't talking about him. We were talking about you. Your cock is amazing and I can't wait for it to be the first inside me." With that she lowered herself onto me at an agonizingly slow pace, but it was understandable. She was so tight her pussy gripped my cock and spread as it slowly fell onto me. Her mouth fell open in pleasure and her eyes rolled up before closing. She had fully engulfed my cock and sat there panting for a little bit. She slowly moved her hips upward and I felt every inch of her wet folds leave my cock bare. She suddenly slammed down causing her to moan extremely loud. I saw Cat crawl into the bed next to me and push her lips against mine. She forced her tongue into my mouth and my hand down to her pussy. I slowly teased her lips as my tongue pushed back. I found it extremely difficult to focus on finger fucking Cat when Jane was riding my cock. I pulled Cat's hips upward and told her, "Let me lick your juices." 

She moved each leg to either side of my head as she lowered her pussy to my lips and I stuck my tongue out. I started to taste her juices and feel them trickle down my tongue and into my throat. I teased her lips before plunging my tongue into her folds. I felt around and found her clit. I moved it around and push on it, causing her to moan loudly. I can't see what is going on between the two girls but I think they're making out on top of me. With Jane riding me, I feel her juices slathering my dick and beads of it dripping down my balls, and Cat's juices covering my mouth and lips, I was on the brink of orgasm. I felt Jane's pussy tightening and I hear her moans become louder, muffled by what sounds like Cat's mouth. 

I decide to let myself cum inside Jane and as I start to push myself into her my load shoots itself into her. The experience is made better by the thought that she feels my warm cum filling her almost completely. Apparently it feel good enough to make her cum as well because I felt her pussy clamp down completely and her juices splash all over my cock and balls. 

Cat climbs off my face and pulls the exhausted Jane off my dick with a pop. Jane lays down and I watch as Cat crawls between her legs and starts licking my cum out of her. "You guys taste great together," she panted between licks. Jane's small sighs of satisfaction clearly tell me she is done but enjoying the feeling of Cat's tongue. 

I stumble up and move off the bed to behind Cat and I see her perfect pussy still soaking from the licking. I position myself and slide in slowly. I hear her moan softly and I pump slowly as to enjoy the last of my stamina. I hear Jane starting to moan again from cat's tongue and now 2 fingers that are inside her. I guess she wasn't done as I thought. As I slowly slide out and slam back in, I feel her walls are soaked and it allows for me to easily ram in. Her lips clung to me and begged for me not to leave. I slammed in and she practically screamed. I look around and see her sucking on Janes clit. Her moans increasing in length and sound and finally she seemed to reach orgasm, spewing her juices and some of my cum on Cat's face. 

The sight of some of my cum dripping down her face sets me over the edge. I pull out and flip Cat over and pump my shaft with my hand til my cum shoots all over her body. I fall to the bed breathing heavily. She takes a finger and sticks it into her pussy and then swipes some of the cum off her belly and sticks her finger in her mouth.

"We tasted good together too," she claimed. I saw Jane lazily moved up and start licking the cum off Cat's tits and stomach. Cat looked at us both and seeing as we were exhausted said, "Aw, is our day of fun already over? Oh, fine, but for the record I only orgasmed once." 

She moved toward our drawer of toys and pulled out one of our biggest dildos. It was pink and looked like a real cock. It was about 10 inches long and it was as thick as a well grown banana. She pushed it into herself and turned on the vibrator. She let out a moan of gratification instantly and pulled it out to ram it back in. She played with it, teasing her lips and hitting her g-spot. One of her hands moved up and pinched her nipple and let out a smaller moan of pleasure. I watched as she started to move toward me and licking my balls again. She kept fondling her tits and pushing pleasure into her pussy as she moaned with my balls in her mouth. Eventually she finally had enough and screamed out my name as pleasure rocked her entire body and her pussy shot out juices, wetting our sheets. She collapsed and twitched a little before I realized she was asleep. I turned off the vibrator and turned to Jane and noticed she had fallen asleep too. I decided to join them.