 (This is a continuation of a story about two work associates traveling to Amsterdam on business together. The story is pure fantasy, albeit about a real person. Enjoy!)

*

We walked the several blocks to the dance club. Colleen was riding her high as well as the egg. She continued to moan quietly as we walked, continuously reminding me how horny she was, and how much fun she was having. She was effusive in her thanks for the trip so far. I was still amazed at the wanton slut that had shown up with me in Europe, as it bore no behavioral resemblance to the Colleen that I had worked with these past several years. Of course, I was having the time of my life as well.

We arrived at the club and found a line waiting to get in. Odette had warned me about that and had supposedly arranged for us to get VIP treatment. I found the VIP door, and sure enough the bouncer had us on his list for special admission. He ushered into the dance hall, where a loud hard rock song was reverberating around the room. I was immediately reminded of the psychedelic 60's with all the lights and strobes going off, but unlike the somewhat random patterns of my hippie days, these lights and strobes were definitely in tune with the music, a clear indicator of a superb computer based sound system. We fell into a natural sway with the music even before we found a table.

The place wasn't all that crowded, but it did have enough of a crowd that allowed for dancing, but still lots of body to body contact on the dance floor. And the eye candy was delightful. People of all ages were in the club, and the clothing ranged from casual chic to outright pornographic. I looked around the room to get my bearings, subconsciously noting where the restrooms, bar and exits were located. Most of my eye grazing focused on the many sexy women in the club.

We found two chairs at a table for six occupied by two other couples. Or so we thought. They were younger than us; a bit younger than Colleen and a lot younger than me. All four were Dutch, but their English was pretty good. We learned that they were all friends and came to dance as a group, not as couples. The two guys could have been twins. Both were about 6 foot tall and lanky with black curly hair. They were both dressed in very tight black jeans and black tank tops. On the other hand the girls were almost opposites. One was petite, about 15 pounds overweight with dark hair and sultry dark eyes. She was wearing a short black skirt and a black tee shirt that barely held her large breasts. She had roundish face with a mischievous grin and just the hint of dimples. Her skin was smooth and seemed to radiate a pearlescent glow accented by her grey eyes. The other girl was blonde, tall and slender. She wore loose slacks and a white silk blouse. Her tits were pressing against the material of the blouse, making it clear to all that she was not wearing a bra. She was deeply tanned with green eyes. We introduced ourselves, but I didn't catch their names, but they welcomed us with grins. Colleen and I took a few moments to look around as we waited for someone to take our orders. When no one came for several minutes, I finally asked one of the guys about the wait staff. He informed me that there were waiters and waitresses, but the best bet was to go order our own.

I excused myself to fetch drinks. When I returned with my Scotch and Colleen's wine, the group was sharing another joint. I gave Colleen her wine as 'dark hair' passed me the joint. I was still high from the coffeehouse, but it didn't stop me from sharing the joint. As I held my toke, I looked over at Colleen. I smiled to myself, once again realizing how lucky I was for this week, having this beautiful woman as my playmate for the week. She was already swaying to the music, and her eyes were enjoying the eye candy in the club. I continued to look around taking in as many of the women who were dressed in revealing outfits as I could. Many of the outfits were so revealing that the place would likely be raided if it was in most cities in the states. One example was a lady at the next table who had on high heels, a micro skirt, and an absolutely transparent blouse that allowed everyone to see her 36C breasts. Her partner was a good looking dude in tight pants and no top. As I watched, she was caressing his crotch. His hard on was obvious in his pants and his hand was caressing her upper thigh. Neither of them made any attempt to hide their amorous behavior when they caught me looking.

I also noted that all four of our table mates had stolen glances at Colleen, clearly enjoying her display of feminine charms. That was when I decided to tease her a bit, so I reached in my pocket and turned her egg back on. By that time, she was no longer surprised, so she gave no outward appearance of the egg. But her eyes met mine, and she smiled, letting me know she could feel the vibes emanating from her pussy. I took another sip of my drink, and then took Colleen out onto the dance floor for a slow dance. We enjoyed the slow dance and the following fast dance. She ground her pussy against my cock every chance she had. Despite our recent sexual activities, my cock hardened as she teased. We enjoyed another dance before returning to our table.

Over the next hour or so, we would dance and occasionally try to make conversation with our table mates. This was quite challenging given the high decibel level of the music being blasted out by the DJ combined with the Dutch accents as they tried to converse with us in English. Not that it mattered much, given the amount of liquor and smoke that we were sharing. We were all having fun. The four of them were dancing regularly and sharing partners. And the two girls often danced together as the guys drank and smoked and watched all of the sexy female bodies in the dance club. Of course I did too. After we had been with our tablemates for awhile, one of the guys got enough gumption to dance with Colleen. That pretty much broke the ice and we all started dancing with each other, as the girls ended up dancing with each of the guys as time went on. Eventually, as we all got extremely high and somewhat drunk, even the girls started dancing with each other.

Eventually I found myself dancing with the blonde. As we were dancing, I noticed that overly amorous couples would occasionally leave the room through some swinging doors behind the deejay table. My curiosity got the best of me and so I asked Blondie where the doors led.

She smiled at me, answering, "To the cubes."

As if that meant something to me. "The cubes?"

The smile widened. "Yeah, the cubes. It's part of the club where couples can find a bit of privacy. Would you like to see them?"

My curiosity was piqued. "You bet."

"Okay," she answered. "We have to qualify for entrance." 

I wasn't sure what she meant exactly. But I began to get the idea when she moved in close to me, and started rubbing her body against mine. Before I knew it, she was kissing me. I responded in kind and before I knew it, our tongues were dancing to their own music. Her hands reached around me and gripped my asscheeks pulling me in close. My cock hardened quickly as she ground her crotch into mine. I responded in kind by sliding my hands down onto her ass, eliciting moans from her. For several minutes we swayed to the music while essentially dry humping on the dance floor.

When the song ended my dance partner led me towards the door to the "cubes" and as she did so she whispered into my ear, "Make sure you are caressing my breasts as we approach the door."

Being a breathing heterosexual male, I did as she instructed with great pleasure. I caressed her nipples through the thin material of the blouse, feeling them harden immediately at my touch. When we got close to the door, she slid her hand across my crotch squeezing my cock through my slacks. A large well built black man standing at the doorway looked us over closely, and apparently convinced that we were amorous enough, opened the door to allow us to pass into a corridor. A few feet into the corridor, some stairs went down. The lighting was dim and the smell of weed was intense. She led me down the stairs into another corridor. Several couples, both hetero and same sex were moving slowly back and forth through the corridor. As we moved a few feet into the corridor, I saw that it was lined with doors on both sides, space some six to eight feet apart. The doors on one side had windows in them and the doors on the other side were solid. On each side, some doors were open while many were closed. I quickly observed that many couples were staring intently into the windows of closed doors.

Blondie turned to me and once again kissed me passionately for several seconds. She broke the kiss and then explained that we were now free to participate however we chose. We could watch others through the windows or we could claim a cube to ourselves. If we chose to use a cube that had a door with a window, then we would likely be watched. Obviously, if we wanted complete privacy, we needed to choose one of the solid door cubes.

Not sure how far my partner wanted to take this, I asked her what she wanted to do.

"Ooh, I'd love to watch for awhile if you don't mind. It makes me so horny."

"That sounds good to me," I responded. "But it is unlikely that I will be able to keep my hands off of your sexy body."

"I'm counting on that."

We moved to the first window where another couple was watching a couple fuck inside the room. Neither of the people in the room was particularly sexy and my partner moved us to the next window. Nobody was watching through this window. We looked in and saw a man receiving a blow job from another man. Silently, I hoped she didn't want to stay and watch this one. Not that homosexuality bothered me; I just didn't get excited by watching it. I was relieved when she said, "I'd much rather watch two girls than two guys. Let's move on."

The next couple of windows looked in on empty rooms. Then we came upon one that caught our attention. A couple of ladies occupied the room, and one was obviously doing a good job of pleasuring the other with her tongue. As we watched the cunnilingus taking place I slid behind my partner and started rubbing my cock against her ass. She responded by grinding hard against me. I slid my hands up across her stomach and started caressing her tits again. Her nipples were large and hard and if her moans were any indication her nipples were quite sensitive. As I played with her nipples through her blouse, I felt her hands undoing the buttons of the blouse. As soon as she had a couple of buttons undone she slid my hands inside her blouse giving me full freedom for caressing her breasts and nipples. We continued to watch the two girls pleasure each other as our arousal grew. We continued watching as one of our stars shuddered through an orgasm.

My partner moaned, "Oh, god, she's hot. And my pussy is so wet."

I took her comment as an invitation and slowly slid one of my hands lower across her abdomen and slid it down until my fingers could slide between her legs. Her arousal was evidenced by the moistness I felt through her slacks. I pressed my finger into her crotch forcing the material of her slacks into her pussy lips.

She moaned, "Oh, yeah."

Not one to let some material get in the way, I slid my hand back up to her belly, and found my way inside of her slacks. Moments later my fingers were back between her swollen moist labia. She was wearing thong panties, but the wisp of material between her swollen labia did little to protect her pussy from my probing digit. She reacted by pressing hard against my cock. I was pretty sure it wasn't an attempt to evade my caresses as she ground her ass hard against my now very obvious hard-on.

We continued to watch the two girls. Our bodies swayed together as we teased each other. The girls had swapped positions as the post-orgasmic blonde was now eating the pussy of her partner. The girl receiving the pleasure started squeezing her own nipples which were pointinging out from some very large breasts. My partner surprised me yet again when she said, "Now I'd love to feast on those. Look at the size of her boobs. And those nipples are huge."

"Mmmm," I moaned into her ear in agreement. By now I was extremely aroused, and my cock was begging to be released from the constraints of my very tight pants. Attempting to move us along a bit, I found the front zipper and button to my partner's pants, and undid them. I continued to play with my partners pussy as her moistness soaked my fingers. I continued to massage her enlarged labia. Eventually, she spread her legs allowing me full access to her clit and pussy. It was easy for me to find her large engorged clit, and I felt her body spasm in a mini orgasm as when my fingers first contacted her love button. As I continued to caress her clit, she slid her hand behind her and between us, quickly finding its way to my cock. It only took her a moment to slide my zipper down and her hand was inside my pants, caressing my cock through my briefs. I'm sure she could feel it throbbing in excitement. I nibbled on her ear as I moaned in delight.

"Let's find our own room," she whispered. "I want your cock in my mouth and your tongue between my legs. Now!"

Who was I to argue? "Lead the way." As she took my hand and lead me further down the hall, I silently wondered whether or not she would select a windowed door. It didn't bother me one way or the other; I was ready to give her my cock any way she wanted it. I only hoped she wouldn't be too disappointed, given my donation earlier in the evening to Colleen. My guess was a window.

Turned out I was wrong as she selected an open solid door and pulled me in. She closed the door and started undressing me, but I stopped her. "You first. I want to watch you undress."

She smiled at me, "You really are a voyeur, aren't you?"

"Oh, yes. And I think it is about time we learn each other's name, don't you? My name is..."

"Stop!" she screamed. "That's part of the excitement for me. I want to be eaten by a strange American whose name I'll never know. Is that all right? Oh, and I had better tell you now. You do not get to fuck me. Only my boyfriend gets to fuck me. I hope you aren't too upset. But I am known to give good blow jobs. Is that okay?" I nodded in agreement as she finished unbuttoning her blouse. She pulled it back to reveal her small but pert and very aroused breasts. My eyes focused on her boobs, and she most definitely noticed. He slid her hands back up to her tits and started squeezing the nipples, making them even harder than they already were. She teased me, clearly enjoying the role of stripper. 

After another minute or two of her nipple play, she slid her hands down to the waist of her partially opened slacks. She turned around and in a classic stripper dance, slowly lowered the slacks to the floor. The loose slacks had hidden a very tight body with a deliciously tight ass only barely protected by her thong.. I wolf-whistled my appreciation. She responded with a shake of her ass and a slow pirouette back to where she was facing me. The thong did nothing to hide her arousal as I could see her lit peeking out between the wisp of material and her pussy lips. Staring me in the eyes, she spread her legs wide and slid her fingers between her legs. 

She rubbed herself for a few minutes before pulling the thong aside. Without hesitation she started fingering herself as I watched. I couldn't wait any longer, as I extracted my hard cock from my briefs, giving her a full view of my nine inch piece of man meat. I slowly stroked my cock as she continued to plunge her fingers in and out of her cunt.

"I hope you like the taste of pussy," she said. "Mine is soaking wet. Both from the show we've been watching and from the thought of your tongue between my legs. Stroke your cock for me, but don't cum. I want you to cum in my mouth. But first I am going to cum for you. I think you like to watch, yes?"

"Oh, yes!"

"And then you will eat my pussy after I give you a blow job, yes?"

"Oh, yes!"

Having gained agreement to her plan, she moved to the mattress, pulled off her thong, and laid down, spreading her legs wide so that I could see her pussy in its full naked glory. I removed my slacks and briefs and sat down on the bed between her legs to enjoy the show. And what a show it was. Given the advanced state of our arousal it didn't take her long. As I watched she slid three fingers of her right hand into her pussy and started pumping them furiously. Her left hand was busy with her nipples, squeezing them to the point of obvious pain. She closed her eyes and started moaning loudly.

"Oh, god, can you see me fuck myself. Watch my hand as I bring myself higher. Fuck!! I'm so fucking wet. Oh gooood. Fuckkkkkk. I'm going to cum. Ahhhh!" She continued for a few more seconds before she started spasming in a huge orgasm. She didn't stop, but kept pumping her fingers in and out, screaming in delight. I was still stroking my cock, and I could barely control my own orgasm as I watched this strange Dutch girl pleasure herself. But, I willed myself to not cum, desiring the feel of her lips around my thick member.

After what seemed like many minutes of her screaming, her entire body finally went limp in exhaustion. I stopped my stroking, and waited patiently for her to recover.

It wasn't long before she opened her eyes and looked at me. She grinned and asked me if I enjoyed the show.

My cock was still hard. I pointed at it and said, "Oh, yeah, can't you tell?"

"Mmmm, yeah. That looks yummy! You're turn. Lay back and enjoy."

I did as she asked. She quickly crawled between my legs, and before I knew it her tongue was on my shaft lightly licking the pre-cum of the head of my cock. She looked up at me and said, "Mmm, you taste good."

She then ran her tongue lightly down my shaft to my balls, opening her mouth and pulling one of my balls into it. They were already heavy with cum, and her tonguing of them started me moaning instantly. She then ran her tongue back up my shaft and around the rim of my cockhead. She wasn't just bragging. Her oral skills were top notch. She continued to tease my cock with her tongue and lips, taking me to the very edge of an orgasm. Just as I thought I was going to blow my load, she circled the base of my shaft with her hand and knowingly squeezed it in just the right way to stop my nearly uncontrollable orgasm. Even though she had successfully forestalled my explosion, I knew I wasn't going to last very long, and she clearly knew it as well. When her tongue got back up to the head of my cock, she opened her mouth and encircled my cock with her lips. First she only took the head of my cock into her mouth and teased me with her tongue while her teeth teasingly grazed my sensitive skin.

Sensing how close I was, she slowly slid her lips down my shaft. Sensually and slowly, she consumed my cock centimeter by centimeter. I wondered how far she would go, as I had learned over many years that not many women could fully engulf my cock without choking. I watched her head slowly proceed lower and lower on my shaft, until she had fully consumed it. She then reversed direction, and just as slowly and just as sensually she slid it back up the shaft again.

"Oh, god," I moaned. "You're fantastic. Oh, fuck. I can feel my jism building in my balls. I'm not going to last long. Oh, shit!"

The last exclamation came out as she once again rimmed my hole with her tongue at the top of her stroke. She then grasped my shaft with her hand and slowly stroked me as her lips concentrated on my cockhead and her tongue continued to tease the very tip of my manhood. She was good, very good. I was going to cum anytime, and at this point that was what I wanted. And I knew she did too.
