 (This is the continuation of a story about two work associates travelling to Amsterdam on business. The primary characters are real, but the story is total fantasy. It's best to start at the beginning. Enjoy, and send me your comments. Don't forget to vote.)

Colleen and I had been dancing, where I had explained to her about the "cubes."  I had just returned from the "cubes" where one of our tablemates, the blonde, and I had an exciting bout of oral sex. I had just commanded Colleen to give oral sex to all of our tablemates.

As we walked back to the table, I made sure that our tablemates saw me run my hand across her ass, slipping my hand between her legs. I could feel her pussy juices through her panties, and my cock stiffened even more. Her nipples were hard and she was breathing heavily as we joined our tablemates. Yet another joint was making the rounds, and both of us dutifully took a toke. I was sitting next to the dark haired girl, enjoying my toke, when I felt a hand on my crotch, lightly caressing my cock through my slacks. I finished my toke and handed her the joint.

She smiled at me, and took the joint, and then commented just loud enough for only me to hear, "Hmmmm, you have a nice cock, and your lady is really hot!"

I took advantage of her forwardness, and leaned over, whispering into her ear, "Do you think she is sexy?"

"Oh, yeah," she answered with absolutely no hesitation.

I whispered back, "Take her out on the dance floor, and she'll eat your pussy if you ask."

"Ooooh!" was her only response. She squeezed my cock and took another toke. But before she could make a move on Colleen, one of the guys asked Colleen to dance. Of course she accepted. I watched Colleen's delectable ass as they made their way to the dance floor. The song was a fast one, but Colleen took advantage of it to dance seductively in front of the poor guy, making sure that her boobs bounced a lot and that he got great views of her breasts and nipples. The next song was slow, and I watched them slide together. I was enjoying watching the intimacy between the two recent strangers, but lost my view of them as the dance floor became crowded with couples in all forms of intimate embraces.

Our dark haired lady, realizing that she would have to wait for Colleen, grabbed the other guy at the table and dragged him onto the dance floor, leaving the tall blonde and me alone at the table. We looked at each other and smiled, following the others onto the dance floor seconds later. As we approached the dance floor, I slipped my hand into my pocket and turned Colleen's egg up one more notch. I wanted to make sure that when I got her back to the hotel, that her pussy was soaking wet with her juices. The blonde and I quickly got into the groove of the song. Before I knew it the blonde had turned around facing away from me and was once again grinding her ass against my crotch.

At that point we found ourselves dancing next to Blackie and one of the guys. Before I knew it, the girls had swapped places, and Blackie was now imitating the blonde's actions, grinding her ass against my hardening cock. I slid my hands down her sides to her waist, where I subtly took control of our action. Intending to save what was left of my sexual energy for Colleen later that evening, I vowed not to go to the "cubes" with Blackie. But, my vow wasn't going to keep me from playing with her. Our gyrations had caused her t shirt to rise and I soon found that my hands were on skin. As we swayed to the music I slid my hands under her shirt are started to slide them upwards across her belly. She ground harder into my cock in appreciation. Emboldened by her actions, I continued the upward stroll of my hands until I felt the undersides of her delightful boobs through the thin material of her bra on the sides of my thumbs. I didn't stop there, slowly raising my hands even further, essentially encompassing her breasts. She responded with a low moan, and another hard grind against my crotch. 

My fingers found her nipples through the bra, and I started tweaking them. The response was immediate as they quickly hardened and pressed out, trying to escape from the bra. As heavy as our activity was, a glance around the dance floor showed that we were relatively conservative in our behavior. A few feet away, a somewhat overweight woman was dancing topless as her pendulous boobs swayed erotically to the music. Her hand was busy inside the zipper of her partner's pants. Another girl was dancing in only a demi-bra and a thong. Her partner's tight slacks showed evidence of a large and hard cock. I had lost complete sight of Colleen, but I hoped that she had found her way to the cubes with her dance partner. Blackie and I continued our dirty dancing until the song ended. We then made our way back to the table. We sipped our drinks for several minutes when Colleen and her dancing partner returned. From the grins on their faces, I was pretty sure that they had made it to the "cubes." 

Colleen gave me a wet kiss, and I was pretty sure that I tasted more than just her saliva. It was confirmed a few minutes later when her dance partner announced loudly to his twin, "You need to dance with the American girl.  She will get you hot on the dance floor, and then take you to the "cubes."  

But, before the twin could act, Blackie announced, "Nope, not yet. It is my turn." With that announcement, Blackie took Colleen by the hand, and headed straight towards the "cubes." We all grinned at each other, as our individual minds played out the scene that was about to happen. Blondie and one of the twins went out and danced while the other twin and I enjoyed our drinks. I relaxed and enjoyed the blatant eroticism being displayed by the many couples on the dance floor. Many couples danced continuously, but I did notice that there was now a regular flow of people going to and from the "cubes." After a couple of songs had finished I was pretty sure that Blackie had disappeared into the "cubes" with Colleen.

But I was wrong, as Colleen plopped down in my lap, having snuck up on me from behind. She leaned over and gave me a kiss, and then after that she whispered in my ear, "Blackie wants you to watch as I eat her pussy."

review

I didn't need to be convinced. I got up and followed Colleen towards the "cubes." As we approached the deejay table, Blackie joined us out of the crowd. The next thing I knew both women were pawing at my body, sharing a hug, and to the greatest extent possible ensuring that the door guard would view as sufficiently sexually engaged to gain admittance. We were successful, as the beefy doorman opened the door for us, making sure to obtain as many different peeks into Colleen's dress as he could.

Colleen and I followed Blackie down the stairs to the cubes. As we descended, I turned Colleen's egg up a notch or two. I was rewarded with an instantaneous shudder. She stopped and stepped up a sep so that she could whisper in my ear, "Jeez, I am so horny and hot. My pussy is soaking wet. If you turn it up one more notch, I am going to have an instantaneous orgasm."

"That is good to know," I replied nonchalantly. I did turn the egg down a notch, so that she could finish descending the stairs without injury.

Blackie was ahead of a couple of doors, but apparently had found an interesting scene to watch, as she was glued to one of the windows. Colleen sidled up next to her and I took a position behind them but between them so that I could watch the action from between them. The scene was certainly worthy of our attention as a tall obviously enhanced Amazon woman was entertaining four guys simultaneously. Two white guys and two black guys were clearly enjoying her sexual skills. We could see one of the black dudes piercing in and out of her cunt with a cock of suitable size to star in pornos. She was sucking one of the white guys' dicks, and the other two were enjoying hand jobs. Blackie was already breathing heavily, and Colleen was nothing but adrenaline and horniness as she quivered next to me. As we watched the build up the bukkake scene, I slid my hands up and down the bodies of my "cube" mates, taking every advantage of their risqué outfits to cop feels. Their groans and shudders only egged me on. I slipped my right hand off of Colleen's delicious body and into my pocket just long enough to turn up her egg.

By the time I had extracted my hand from my pocket with the remote, Colleen was shuddering in the early throes of an impending orgasm. "Oh, gawd!" she moaned. "Don't stop! Give it to me, baby!"

Her comments had definitely gotten the attention of Blackie, who, despite the intensity of the sexual depravity taking place in the room turned to look at Colleen to see what was happening. Colleen looked her directly in the eyes before closing them and explaining, "He has a remote control egg in my pussy, and I'm fucking cummmmming! OH, shit!!!!" she screamed, although with the music from upstairs, only Blackie and I could hear her. I turned the egg down a bit to let Colleen catch her breath before she collapsed onto the dance fllor. 

She caught her breath, and then explained to Blackie, "I have had this egg in me all evening long, and I am just fucking horny."

"Oh, fuck!" Blackie said. "That is so outrageous and hot. My pussy is creaming, just thinking about it."

Never one to keep a pussy from its craving, I ordered Colleen to surrender her egg to Blackie. She looked at me, as if to ask if I wanted her to do it right there in the hallway. With my returned glare, she clearly knew that that was my intent, and she did as ordered. While her eyes focused on mine she slipped her hand under her dress and inside of her panties. She removed the cum-covered egg, and handed it to Blackie. She sniffed the egg, making obscene comments about where it had been and where it was going. She quickly reached under her skirt with it in her hand, and just as quickly pulled her hand back out. She looked at me and said, "I'm ready."

I turned the egg back on and turned it up pretty high. Her reaction was instantaneous. 

"Ohmygawd!"  With that she reached out and grabbed the doorframe to steady herself. "I'm fucking cummmming! OH, Shit!"

Once again, I turned it down to avoid an injury, and suggested we find our own room, as we had completely forgotten about the scene being played out in front of us. The girls agreed readily, and we moved down the hallway to find an open room. We found one with a solid door, but Blackie dragged us further down the hallway to an empty room with a windowed door. Colleen went right along with her, dragging me into the room behind them. The room had a king sized bed and large throw pillows around the walls

Within seconds, Blackie was out of her clothes and lying on the bed. She spread her legs giving us and other voyeurs a delightful view of her sex. Her pubic hair was trimmed into a very small vee pointing the way to her visibly engorged cunt lips. Juices had already slickened her pussy, and had dripped down her thighs. I turned the egg back on at a low level, causing Blackie to moan. She quickly begged for Colleen to give her some oral attention.

Colleen responded by promptly dropping to her knees between Blackie's legs, and lowering her face to center of Blackie's entire being. Moments later I could hear the slurping of Colleen's tongue at her new lover's clit and pussy. I turned the egg up some more, causing Blackie to writhe and moan on the mattress from the combined attention of Colleen's tongue and the vibes form the egg. Blackie slid her hands up across her tummy to her boobs, where she started pinching her own nipples.  I released my slacks allowing my hardening manhood the freedom it once again craved.

I glanced over at the window and noticed we had drawn a crowd, with several faces enjoying the pussy licking that Colleen was delivering so well.  

Blackie continued moaning, "Oh my gawd. Don't stop." Looking me straight in the eye, she continued, "She really knows how to eat pussy. She's running her tongue up and down my slit, and then plunging it into my pussy." She moaned again. "God, now she's sucking on my clit. Oh, yeah, that's right. Nibble on it with your teeth," she commanded. "Fuck, yes, that's it. Fuck!"

I moved over next to Colleen and raised her dress to expose her panty covered ass for all to see. Her juices had stained the panties and all of her dancing had forced the briefs into her tight crease, providing very little coverage of her delectable derrière. I was sure that our audience would recognize her level of arousal. I told Colleen to spread her legs as I caressed the globes of her ass. She did as instructed and the tight folds of her panties slipped between her bright purple engorged pussy lips. I slid my hand between her thighs and felt her clench at my touch.

"Don't stop what you're doing. Eat her pussy, Colleen! Make her cum!"

I pressed my finger against her clit pushing her hard into Blackie's pussy. "Oh, god! Fuck!" Blackie screamed as Colleen tongued her to another orgasm. 

I glanced over to the window to see if we still had an audience. And we did. Another couple in their 30's was watching in rapt attention. The woman was standing in front of the window with the man standing behind her. He had unbuttoned the woman's blouse and was squeezing her breasts through a lacy bra. They were swaying back in forth in blatant sexual movement as they enjoyed our show.

I ordered the two girls to stop their action and for Blackie to undress Colleen. Blackie smiled at me as she bent to the delightful task I had assigned. Colleen looked at me, her face glistening from sexual juices transferred from Blackie's cunt. Blackie undid the clasp at the back of Colleen's dress, which allowed it to fall to the floor, fully revealing Colleen's breasts to all of us. We all admired her firm boobs which were now topped with turgid nipples. Only her panties remained, although they covered very little, as the fabric was fully ensconced between her purple hued pussy lips. Blackie kneeled in front of Colleen and eagerly lowered the panties, revealing Colleen's fully shaven pubes. 

It was about that time that Colleen noticed we had an audience at the window. She nodded her head towards the door, and asked me if they had been watching long.

"Oh, yeah, throughout your entire treatment of Blackie. Does that bother you?"

She smiled at me. "Well, a week ago I never would have imagined it, and I would have been humiliated at the thought. Now, it seems so right. My pussy is creaming, knowing that they watched me eat Blackie while you teased my pussy. Can we invite them in?"

"I'm sure we can. Would you like that?"

"Will you make me do things to them, if we do?"

"It's possible, depending on how they would react to it."

"I'd like that." Colleen looked over at Blackie. "Is it okay with you if they join us?"

She responded with a big grin, answering, "Yes, I'd like that. They look quite sexy. I'll invite them in." Blackie stood up and moved to the door. She opened it, and they had what seemed to be a lengthy conversation, finished with both of them nodding their heads up and down vigorously.

Blackie shared with Colleen and I, "Neither of them speaks English, so I told them they can watch all they want and do whatever they want together." Looking at me, she added, "They would love to play with us as well, but I told them you have to approve of any shared activity. As for me, I'd love to fuck with both of them, if you'd like"

"I'd like to watch that," I responded. "But, only after you and Colleen do a 69 for us."

Both girls smiled at that and moved together. They didn't stop until their lips had connected and they became engaged in an instant deeply amorous kiss. Their tongue dance continued as their hands once again engaged in exploration of each other's bodies. Without breaking from their kiss, the two girls were soon playing with each other's nipples, rolling them between their fingers. Unbelievably, Colleen's already hard nipples seemed to grow even more with the attention of Blackie. The intimate lesbian action once again commanded my cock to attention. I looked over to our new guests to find them both focused on the lesbian act going on in front of us. Her hand was stroking his cock through his trousers, and he had a hand under her skirt. Their labored breathing told me of their high level of arousal.

Colleen and Blackie tumbled onto the mattress, their hands still on each others bodies. They quickly shifted into the 69 position. Their moans continued, although the noise was muted by the fact that their mouths were plastered against each other's cunts. I removed the rest of my clothing, as it was restricting my pleasure. 

Our guests took this as a hint and proceeded to undress as well. The girl was in her late twenties, and stood about 5' 4". Her body was exquisite with smallish breasts topped with large tits. Her pubes were completely shaved and her pussy lips were engorged. Her pussy glistened from her juices. As soon as she had finished undressing, she sat on a pillow and slid her hand between her legs. I watched as two fingers easily slid inside of her. He stood about 6' and after he undressed, I saw that he was in great physical condition. His cock was thick and hard and looked to be about seven inches long. He sat on the same pillow with the girl and started stroking his cock. He stroked it a few times before the girl lowered her face to his cock. 

My eyes went back and forth between the girls licking and sucking each other through a string of mini orgasms, and the girl's attention to his cock. She licked it up and down like a lollipop, eliciting moans of pleasure from the guy. I stroked my cock leisurely as her lips surrounded the tip of his engorged manhood. His moans intensified as the girl slowly but surely took his entire manhood into her mouth.

The action continued like that for several minutes, as I enjoyed the two shows going on simultaneously. The girl's oral action, however, was eliciting louder and louder moans from the guy. Apparently the volume finally broke through the focus of Blackie and Colleen on each other as they broke apart from their 69 and started to watch the couple's actions. Blackie said something in Dutch, and the guy responded in Dutch as well.

The girl stopped her oral action and turned to face us. She then spread her legs and straddled the guy. We watched as she pulled her pussy lips wide apart and lowered herself onto his cock, taking its full girth and length in one easy move. I then ordered Colleen to lick them both as they fucked. Of course, she did as ordered, sliding her tongue across the girls clit, and then onto his cock as the girl would rise up for another stroke. Blackie came over to me, and started stoking my cock with her hand. I took the opportunity to explore her body with my hands. Within seconds, I had one hand pinching her nipples while the fingers on the other hand were finding her wet slit. I could feel the egg still vibrating in her sopping pussy, and she moaned in yet another orgasm.

"Can I fuck you?" Blackie asked.

"Oh, god. Yes!" I muttered. 

Instantly, Blackie mimicked the girl's position, sliding my nine inches deep into her pussy. I nearly came from the tightness combined with the vibes from the egg, but I fought it off. I slid my hands around her and continued to play with her nipples.

"Mmmm," she responded. "This is so fuckin' hot. Being fucked while watching them fuck. I've cum so many times tonight. Your girl friend is so hot!"

After a few minutes of this action, I suggested to Blackie and Colleen that the girls change position. She lifted herself off of my cock, implementing my suggestion and translated for the other couple. After a short exchange in Dutch, the girl released her boyfriend's cock and moved over to my pillow where she lowered herself onto my cock. Colleen replaced her on the guys cock, and Blackie moved back between my legs to give the girl and me her oral attention.
