 The following is an account of one of my wild experiences when I first left home for college. I was moved into halls with 5 other girls in my flat, consisting of a fair sized bedroom each and communal facilities. After having a few drinks one night after having been there for a couple of months, I was sitting talking to Liz, a girl from Kent whom I got on very well with. The other girls were out and we sat watching the T.V and before too long the conversation turned to sex, as so often it does when you go without for any length of time.

Both our boyfriends came to visit once or twice a month, hardly enough to keep a girl satisfied though. We both said how hard it was and how horny we were, then she mentioned how she thought my boyfriend was hot. 

I giggled and reciprocated, "Is he good? You know..?" she asked, tentatively. 

"Very!" I gushed. "I thought so, he looks like he would be great!" Liz drooled. 

"How about yours?" I asked. "Yeah, he's pretty good, a bit shy though." She replied. 

"So, I hope you don't mind me asking, what is so good about what he does?" Liz asked. 

"I guess it's how adventurous he is, he always pushes my boundaries, and variety really does it for me!" I gushed. 

"Sounds good, what sorts of things you done then?" She asked. 

"All sorts! Sex outside and in risky places, sexy lingerie, tying each other up, using food, sex toys, telling each other our fantasy's, masturbating in front of one another, phone sex..." I went on.

"Wow! Chloe! I didn't realise you were so open minded" Liz said. 

"Why, aren't you?" I asked. 

"Yes, but I don't want to seem slutty by asking for it" She replied. 

"Do you masturbate?" I asked. "Of course!" Liz replied without thinking. 

"Doesn't everyone!? Don't you?" she said, embarrassed. 

"Yes, frequently!" I said. "You ever told your boyfriend?" I asked. 

"No way! I'd be embarrassed." She giggled. 

"Don't you think he does!?" I said. 

"Of course!" She replied. "But you never talked to him about it?" I asked. 

"No" She said. 

"Why not? It's good hot fun to get involved. I don't mind Dave masturbating at all, I let him do it in front of me anytime, and if I need a fiddle I just do it in front of him too!" I told her. 

"I can't believe that, I think I would be embarrassed." She told me. 

"Ok picture this, you are watching T.V with your boyfriend and he is horny as hell at watching Charlotte Church cavorting around in a figure hugging dress. You can see the bulge in his pants, but you can't take advantage. You could get him off manually or you could sit and encourage him." I said. 

"You're using a real example aren't you!?" Liz grinned. 

"Yes" I replied. 

"So what did you do?" Liz asked. 

"I started making lewd comments, like, "Look at the size of her tits, I bet they bounce a bit when she gets a good fucking. She looks dirty as fuck too doesn't she, I bet she would suck your cock as much as look at you. Come on tug it over her, I would, she's so hot I'd screw her." He got his cock out and started wanking in front of me, which was awesome. "It's a shame I'm on cause she's got me so hot I could get off looking at her" I told him. Then I just encouraged him to cum off while looking at her. Which he did, lots!" I told her. 

"That's unbelievable! My boyfriend would love you!" Liz said.

"Well, if you want me to encourage him to wank off in front of me that's no problem!" I giggled "I've seen him, he's cute!" 

"I want to know which girls he wanks over!" she beamed reaching for her phone. She called him and said"Are you on your own? Good, lock your bedroom door, just do it. Ok, how often do you jerk off? Don't lie, I know you do, I don't mind. Most days?! You horny boy! I guess you're right, twice a month isn't enough. Well I hope you think about me every now and then when you do it. No way, you don't think of me every time. So you never jerk off thinking about a girl on T.V or porn or a girl you've met, come on tell the truth. Good, I thought you might, who was the last one you got off over? Christina Aguilera, well I can't say I'm surprised, she's hot, you think about her sucking you off huh? Taking the rough fucking you had saved for her? Your cock hard? I thought it might be, stroke it! You thinking of screwing her hard huh?! How about this idea, Christina licking Britney out. I thought you would like that, you sound so close, finish yourself off, I want to hear you cum. Well I'll let you clean up, I'll call you tomorrow." She hung up.

"I'm so horny now!" she said. "I can't believe how quickly he came off just then!" she added. 

"Well, you just talked him through what is probably his hottest fantasy, no wonder the poor lad couldn't hold back. And if you have never talked like that before he's probably in shock!" I replied. 

"I guess!" Liz giggled. "You got no idea what his fantasies are about?" I asked. 

"Not really, probably girls lezzing off or something" She replied. 

"Well this will shock you, as well as liking the idea of screwing other girls, he probably gets his rocks off thinking about you getting screwed by other guys!" I told her. 

"No way!" she gasped. 

"Yup! Most guys do!" I confirmed. "What's so hot for them about that?" She asked. 

"It's the idea of you being slutty and allowing yourself to be used, I think, exactly the same reason the idea gets you off, right!?" I said. 

"I'm a good girl!" she said shyly. "Yeah right! Don't tell me you don't flick yourself off thinking about getting used by at least one guy, in fact probably lots, at once possibly. You ever had a threesome?" I asked. 

"No, you?" she asked. 

"Yes a few times" I told her. "No way!" she gasped. 

"Yup!" I replied. "You let 2 guys shag you?" she asked lamely. "Uh huh, that's kind of the idea!" I chided. 

"Wow, your boyfriend is so good to let you do that" She pined. 

"Yeah right, he loved it, and I let him shag one of my friends from sixth form, so we are more than even." I informed her.

"How was it?" she asked excitedly. "Not good" I said. 

"Why not?" she followed up. "I'm being sarcastic you bimbo, it was awesome, obviously! What part of two cocks, one girl and the same time do you not get!" I laughed. 

"I bet, I'd love to do that!" she said. "You can, use your feminine charm to talk Dan into it" I advised. 

"How?" she asked. "Well it just depends, if you want him to let you do dirty stuff, you have to be prepared to do dirty stuff for him. What has he hinted he would like to do or asked for?" I said. 

"There's a few things actually, he wants to try shagging my ass" she said. 

"So let him!" I cut in. 

"He wants to take photo's and video us together" She said. "So get on with it" I said. 

"I think he would want to shag another girl too." She said. 

"So give him to me, I'll fuck him!" I giggled. 

"Would you?!" she asked seriously. 

"Actually, I have an idea, next time they both sleep over we could wait until we switch the lights off, then fake going to the loo and go back to each others room and start doing stuff I the dark, by the time they realise they will be well into it, not that I think they would be bothered anyway." I said. 

"You wouldn't!" she said, gob smacked. 

"Why not!" I said, it sounds hot!" I told her. 

"I can't believe I am agreeing to this!" she giggled. 

"Oh and in the interest of your being dirtier, you have to go with whatever Dave wants, after he discovers it's you of course." I added. 

"Ok" she spluttered. 

"I'll make such a good job of Dan, he will give his right arm for a rerun, I'm sure he wont mind you indulging your fantasies!" I said. 

"When he finds out its me I wont tell him where you are, or what you are doing, I'll tell him some bullshit about my having side tracked you out of the way for a bit!" I told her. 

"My heart is pounding at the idea of doing this!" she grinned 

"And I'm so turned on by now I must be soaking!" 

"Well we had better both go and relieve ourselves hadn't we! So when we going to do this?" I replied 

"I'll get Dan over tomorrow if you want?" she said. 

"Great, you really are up for it aren't you! No bottling out though and not a word to the boys." I said, before we both retired to our rooms to relieve ourselves. 

The next 24 hours seemed like a week, when it finally arrived "Are you ready?" I whispered as we passed in the hall. 

"Yes" she replied. 

"Ok 11.30pm sharp, we meet on the landing" I said. Liz nodded before we went our separate ways. I went to bed with Dave at 11 ish and by 1125, I could tell he had dozed off, I snuck out to the bathroom and changed into the sexy get up I hid in there earlier, a light blue see through thong and cami set before going back onto the landing just as Liz was leaving her room. She had a baggy white T-shirt over a yellow push up bra and see through yellow thong. 

"Fucking hell Liz, how was Dan not shagging you brains out looking like that!" I exclaimed. 

"He tried his luck but I pushed him away, I think he's in a mood now!" She answered. 

"Ready for the sluttiest experience of your life?" I giggled. 

"I'm wet already and my heart is going mad!" she smiled back. 

She walked back to my room and I watched her slip in and waited a moment before creeping into her room. 

I could see Dan in bed, clearly awake but like Liz said, in a huff. He was laying on his side facing away from the door, I slipped into bed behind him, he didn't move so I reached over and slip my hand down, slowly stoking my fingers over his crotch. He cock twitched and started hardening, but still he didn't move. 

As his cock became fully erect I reached into his shorts to pull it free and began slowly stroking his length. 

"Changed your mind then" he said, still thinking I was Liz. I took the rhetorical question as an excuse not to speak and so prolong the suspense. He was getting thoroughly excited by now and he began bucking his hips. I slowed my hand down to prevent him ruining my fun so soon, but I could tell I wouldn't be able to keep up the pretence for much longer.

He rolled onto his back and, I was rumbled straight away, there was enough light in the room for him to see I wasn't Liz. 

"What the.." he started. 

"Tell me to stop" I said, stroking him off. He lay there dumb struck. 

"Liz will be back any second.." He went on. 

"I've taken care of that, she wont catch us" I replied still stroking him. I pulled my cami top off, leaving me in just my tiny knickers, my 36D tits on display for him. 

"We shouldn't" he still protested. 

"Tell me you don't want to fuck me, in fact, tell me you have never wanked yourself off, imagining doing things to me!" I purred. 

He sat in stunned silence. 

"You can't can you! Come on don't be shy, lets talk nasty, you tugged over me a lot?" I asked. 

"A bit" he said shyly. I pulled his shorts off leaving him naked. 

"What did you imagine doing?" I asked. 

"Fucking you!" He purred. "What happened?" I asked. 

"I walked in on you in the shower and had you bent over" He replied. 

"Was it nice?" I asked. 

"Very!" He replied. 

"What does a girl need to do to get in on the action here?" I said. 

He took the hint and pulled my thong off before enthusiastically reaming my pussy with his fingers. 

"Is Liz dirty in bed?" I asked. 

"Not really" he replied. 

"Would you like her to be?" I asked. "Yes!" he enthused. 

"How dirty would you like her to be?" I asked. 

"Very, I guess" he replied. 

"Could she be too dirty for you" I enquired. 

"I don't think so, I have some pretty dirty fantasies!" he panted. 

"Does she suck you off?" I asked. "Not very often" he answered. 

"She should, it's every mans right to have his dick sucked" I replied before sliding down and engulfing his cock, sucking hard whilst pumping him with my hand for a few moments. 

"What would you say if I told you Liz said it was ok for me to fuck you?" I asked. 

"No way!" he gasped. 

"She wants me to get you to be dirty, tell me about your fantasies" I said. 

"Well I like the idea of sex with other girls obviously" he said. 

"Well you're there" I giggled. 

"Two girls together obviously" he grinned. "

Obviously!" I replied. "What about Liz getting fucked by another guy, that a bit exciting? I asked. 

"Yeah, the idea of her being slutty and being used is hot!" he said. 

"How much do you want your dick in me now?" I asked. 

"So much you wouldn't believe!" He panted.

"Tell me Liz can fuck other guys and perform her fantasies and you can do what you want with me" I told him. 

"She can do what she wants as long as I can use you!" He grunted. 

"You can use me anytime!" I purred. 

"Bend over" he commanded, pulling me onto all fours before roughly penetrating me from behind. 

"So what else you got in mind for me?" I panted and he shagged me hard. 

"I want you to suck me off 'till I spunk in your mouth!" he spat. 

"What else?" I asked. 

"I want a Tit-wank, so I can cum over your lovely big tits and face!" He said. 

I could feel he was getting close so I reached back and helped myself along, it wasn't long before I was on the edge of my orgasm and as he started filling me with his hot load 

I went over the edge, his forceful thrusts carrying me through my climax. 

He withdrew quickly, cum running down my legs. "That was amazing!" he panted. 

"You haven't seen anything yet!" I replied. I picked up my thong and top "I need a chat with Liz, then I'll send her up" as I dashed onto the landing.

As good a cover story to stop him looking for her before Dave had finished with her as I could think of. I went straight into the bathroom and cleaned up before getting back into my decent clothing and sitting in the living room. 

About 15 minutes later she walked into the living room looking dishevelled, "Well?" I asked. 

"Oh god! I've never been so horny in all my life, I came like 3 times!" she beamed. 

"Dan agreed to let you fuck other guys, though he doesn't know what you were up to tonight!" I grinned. 

"You're unbelievable!" she gasped. 

"Next stop, 2 cocks and Liz in the same bed!" I grinned. 

"You think you could set that up? Hunny, we're talking at least 2, we'll sort the details later" I said. 

"You better tidy yourself up and go back up." I said. She went into the bathroom and I went back to Dave to get the low down. 

"Well?" I said as I walked in. 

"See for yourself, I taped her!" he beamed pressing play on the camcorder remote, the picture showing on the TV. She was rumbled as soon as she walked in and so she just said 

"I want you to fuck me" pleadingly. So Dave video'd her, he made her suck his cock, before laying her on her back and licking her out until she came ad then fucked her in different positions before laving her on her back, lifting her legs and hips to get in deeper and pounding her until he filled her with his cream. 

"Was she good then?" I asked. "Well, I'm going to fuck her brains out again before long!" he grinned.

"Since you've started, you going to let me fuck anymore of your flatmates?" he asked. 

"Oh yes? Who do you have in mind?" 

"Rachael?" I ventured. 

"She's hot isn't she? but I don't think she will be up for it, I'll borrow a video of her and her boyfriend when she goes out in the morning if you like, I know where she hides it." I said. 

"Sounds awesome, I can copy it and you can put it back quickly." He replied. 

"Good idea" I said. After a passionate if quick shag we fell asleep. 

As soon as I heard Rachael go out to lectures in the morning I crept into her room and went to where I thought she would stash her home made porn only to find 4 DVD's and a couple of C-D's, I quickly picked them up and scurried back to my room. 

"How long does this take?" I asked. 

"A few minutes" he replied. 

"Good 'cause I found all these, I think they must all be the same thing, get them copied so I can get them put back then we can look at our leisure." I told him. 

He was right, it was quick and 10 minutes later they were safely back where they belonged. We put the first C-D in and were not disappointed, there were folders of files marked with titles like, tied up, Nurse outfit, and other. We looked a the file marked other first and found photo's of Rachael wearing pretty normal clothing, jeans and top and then stripping off before performing various sex acts on herself on her boyfriend. Dave was well impressed, "Horny bitch!" he exclaimed 

"Mmm!!" I replied. "Her other half isn't half packing, and she never mentioned that! How on earth she doesn't scream the place down when she cums off I don't know!" I Drooled. 

We sorted through the pictures on the disc showing her doing pretty much everything, flicking herself off, wanking and sucking him, getting screwed in various positions as well as a folder full of pictures showing her being cum on. 

Dave was itching to try the DVD's and they didn't fail either, the first one opened with her having a session in a Nurses outfit, ending with her getting it from behind rather roughly before her boyfriend pulled out and creamed over her ass. 

"Fancy giving her one then do you!" I exclaimed as we struggled to control ourselves. 

"Hell yeah, she looks such a priss too, I had no idea she would be so dirty!" he said. 

"I'll see if I can sort anything out" I replied as we finished ourselves off.

The rest is quite enough for another story!