 Warning. This story contains male on male action, so if you're opposed to that, don't read it.

*****

It was February of my sophomore year of college. I had this girlfr- let's be real, fuck buddy, who was an absolute nymphomaniac. This girl loved sex, as much as I would give her. Every guy's dream, right? Definitely helped that we were both in our "wild, rebellious college phase." She was absolutely smoking hot: 5' 2", tight, 98 lb body, 30B tits, curly brown hair, bright blue eyes, freckles, and an oh-so-wonderful tongue ring. I wasn't as hot as she was, but wasn't bad. I was 6', 170 lbs, not ripped but fairly decent body with brown hair and eyes, and 6.5" veiny cock with a thick head. One night when she (Kayla) was feeling particularly horny and adventurous, she suggested we go to an adult book store...

**

"I just think it would be really fun to ride your cock while sucking another guy through a glory hole." Kayla says with a mischievous grin. 

"I mean I guess it could be hot" I say as she grinds against me in her skin tight jeans. "What the hell, sure let's go." 

"Yay!" She says jumping off me and heading out the door to the car, grabbing her jacket. 

I follow her and we drive (quickly) to the local adult book store, and walk in hand in hand. I place money on the counter and get some tokens for the video machine, and she takes off her jacket, revealing her tight body in her skinny jeans and black tank top. Everyone in the story stops and stares at her as we walk towards the back, which she encourages by smiling at them.

Kayla selects a booth in the middle. We squeeze into the dimly lit room (maybe 3' by 5', thereabouts at least), and Kayla pops in a few coins and selects a threesome video, with the chick getting spit roasted by two massive cocks. I sit on the chair in the middle and she leans back and starts grinding her perfect, tight ass against me as we watch.

I soon have her tank top front pulled down and am massaging her firm, perfect tits as she grinds against me. She's moaning somewhat loudly and I see someone watching through one of the glory holes. I (somewhat begrudgingly) push her off me and start unbuttoning her tight jeans, pushing them down to her ankles. She's quite the sight with her jeans at her ankles and her tits exposed with her shirt still on. I hand her my shirt which she hangs on the hook as I push my own jeans down to my ankles. 

Kayla kicks her jeans off and straddles me, sliding my dick slowly into her with a moan. She starts riding me and moaning loudly (louder than normal, trying to give a show I assume) as my cock slides in and out of her wet pussy. I bite down on a nipple as it brushes my mouth. 

It doesn't take long for the guy who was watching to slide his cock through the glory hole (Kayla had a banging body, remember? I'm surprised it wasn't in there sooner). This was the closest I had ever been to a cock other than my own as I look over and see it about a foot to my right. It's about 6" or so, so a bit smaller than me, and bright red like he had been stroking for a while.

Kayla leans over and wraps her expert lips around the cock and starts sucking him while grinding against my cock inside of her. After not very long at all, maybe a minute, I hear him start grunting and can tell he's cumming down her throat. She pulls off and his cock disappears through the hole, and she looks at me with a grin and a drop of cum on the corner of her mouth.

Kayla leans in and kisses me, and I can taste the guy's cum on her lips and tongue, but before I can protest she pulls back. "Pretty hot, wasn't it?" 

"Yeah it kind of was" I say with a grin. "Too bad he didn't last too long."

"Oh I'm sure there'll be another" She says with a laugh.

As if on cue, a bigger cock comes through the other hole. This one is about 8" and thick, with huge, low hanging balls. "OH yum" Kayla says with a squeal and wraps her lips around his cock and starts sucking this second cock for the night.

After a few minutes of her bouncing on my cock while sucking him, I can't take it. "Fuck I'm going to cum" I moan into her chest. Her response is to speed up on her riding thrusts and is soon milking my cock into her wet pussy. She stands up and I lean forward and start licking the cum dripping her pussy. She loves when I do that and it soon has the intended effect as her pussy soon starts pulsing, pushing her cum and mine into my mouth. I hear her and the guy both moaning and look up as she jerks his cock onto her face; massive spurts landing in her mouth and on her beautiful face, with the last two (less powerful) shots grazing my forehead. 

She looks down at me with a smile and brushes her cum glazed hair back and kisses me on the lips. Our tongues darting back and forth out of each other's cum filled mouth, the guy's warm load running down my throat. We've done this before with my loads before but never someone else. She leans forward and licks the cum off my forehead, swallowing it down. 

"This is so fucking fun, thank you baby" She says with a smile and a kiss.

"Yeah it's a blast" I say with a grin, and mean it. At this point, a massive cock comes through the first hole. It's a big, thick, veiny, 11" white cock with precum already oozing out of it. It's sticking straight at us, and I'm afraid if I turn my head to the left it'll be in my mouth. 

"Holy fuck that's huge." Kayla whispers in my ear as she straddles my lap, her wet pussy resting against my limp cock. "I think I'm going to need help with it babe." 

"I don't know about that..." I say, but Kayla takes my hand and guides it towards his massive shaft.

"Hush, it'll be fun" she says with a devilish grin and wraps my hand around his cock. I stare at her as I start stroking this massive tool and she starts rubbing her tits and her clit. She spits on the shaft and leans forward, taking the head in her mouth as I stroke him. I watch her expertly work on his cock head, doing all the things I enjoy when she does them to me, and she starts sucking more and more of him in until she starts gagging. 

I can tell she's grinning from the shine in her eye and kiss her on the cheek. That's a really weird sensation, as I feel the shaft I'm stroking and she's sucking poking my lips as it thrusts in and out of her mouth. She pulls her mouth off his cock and kisses me wetly, and then wraps her hands around the shaft of the python staring out at us.

"Please baby, for me" She says with a smile, stroking the cock with one hand, rubbing her clit with the other. 

I know what she wants, and I'm nervous to do it, but I glance up and down her smoking body and think of all the dirty things I'll get to do to it if I suck this cock in front of me. 

"Fuck it" I say and turn my head and lick the precum off the tip and wrap my lips around the head. I start swirling my tongue around the head like I like, and feel more precum ooze onto my tongue.

"That's so fucking hot" Kayla says as she starts grinding her dripping pussy against my hardening cock, sliding it inside of her and riding. She bounces on my cock as I bob my head up and down on as much of the shaft as I can, taking it in my hand and stroking while Kayla leans down and starts licking his massive balls. 

He soon starts grunting and I feel three massive spurts shoot down my throat. I gag and pull off, cum covering my face. I aim the massive fire hose at Kayla as four or five more massive spurts glaze her face and perfect tits. The cock disappears through the hole, and I lean forward and lick the streaks of cum off her tits, kissing her passionately with my cum covered tongue as she rides me.

Before long two more cocks, about 7" each, come through the holes on either side of us. Kayla places her right hand on my shoulder and grasps the shaft on my right with her left, sucking it into her mouth. I follow suit, placing my right hand on her hip and reaching out to the cock on my left, sucking and stroking it while Kayla and I fuck each other hard. 

Four different moans can be heard as we suck and fuck. I feel strings of cum oozing down my face as I suck. I feel the guy's cock head swell in my mouth and he starts grunting and emptying his balls down my throat. I swallow some and kind of start to enjoy the taste. 

I hear the other guy start moaning and figure he's emptying his balls into Kayla's warm mouth. We both give a final suck of the cocks and they pull out of the glory holes. Kayla and I start making out, cum flowing between our mouths and down our faces. I start cumming as well, flooding her tight, 19 year old pussy yet again. 

We hear a knock on the door from the woman who was working the front "Hey it's pretty much closing time." Kayla and I grin and lick as much cum as possible off of each other, but our hair is visibly stained. We dress, smiling and kissing, and head out. 

"You guys look like you had fun, come back any time!" Says the woman at the front.

"Yeah maybe next time we'll use the big theater instead of the private booths." Kayla says with a smile. We head out into the car and make out some more before heading back to my apartment. We get into my apartment and take a shower, fondling, kissing, and cleaning each other. We dry off and fall into my bed.

"Hey babe" Kayla says kissing me. "You know my roommate Josh?"

"Yeah what about him?" 

"Well you know how he just broke up with his boyfriend? Well... he thinks you're kind of hot. Would you have sex with him and let me watch?" 

I pause and think, staring yet again at this sexy body that I know can make me do anything. "Yeah I guess. I mean ass is ass, and fucking is fucking, right?" 

"Exactly." She says, kissing me deeply. "Just one more thing though" she says with a pause, before pushing her soaking wet pussy down onto my cock. "He's a top only. But don't worry, you can fuck me or eat me while you he fucks you" she says, not giving me a chance to respond before kissing me deeply and riding me to our third shared orgasm of the night.