 Disclaimer: All individuals in the following work of fiction are over the age of 18.

Final chapter to this series. Hope you like it. Comments are welcomed, and very much appreciated.

*

It was Friday morning and Ryan pulled up into Riley's driveway. He walked up to the front door and knocked. A couple seconds of waiting and the door swung open to Sara's beaming smile.

"Hiiii Ryan!" she squealed excitedly, wrapping her arms around him. 

"Hey Sara, you girls ready?"

"Yep, hold on. RILEY!!! Ryan's here!" she bellowed. A short while later Riley came trudging down the stairs, lugging her suitcase behind her. She looked even hotter than the last time Ryan had seen her. His eyes travelled from her sweet face, her brunette hair pulled back in a ponytail, down to her petite frame, her wonderful breasts pressed tightly against her white tank top, finally, her toned, tanned legs, on full display, her jeans shorts barely going past the sweet curve of her shapely ass. 

"Hey sweetie, you're early," Riley greeted.

"Guess I couldn't wait to see you two," Ryan replied, staring the girls up and down, remembering the magical two days he spent with them. It felt like a lifetime ago and he was very happy to have their company once again. 

"Well let's get a move on," Riley stated, leading Sara and Ryan outside and locking the door behind her. 

"This baby has seen some good times huh?" Sara jokingly said, rubbing the hood of Ryan's Honda civic, getting a chuckle out of the two. Ryan helped the girls get their bags in the trunk and they were off. As they exited Riley's neighborhood, Sara leaned forward from the backseat,

"Hey Ry? Do you mind making a quick stop at the mall? Riley and I have these giftcards, and we'd like to use them before we get back to campus. It'll be worth your while. . .I promise," Sara said seductively, running her hand through Ryan's hair.

"Sure, no problem."

"Okay, well the mall's right up ahead," Riley directed. 

Ryan spotted the local mall and pulled into the parking lot. The girls were quick to get out,

"Why don't you get us some snacks for the road, and we'll meet back here in about forty minutes," Sara instructed.

"Hey, I thought you said it would be worth my while?" Ryan questioned.

Riley chuckled, 

"It will, it will, but that's for tonight," she explained, gently kissing him on the cheek before she and Sara sprinted off. Ryan locked the car and headed off by himself in search of supplies. He found a convenience store and got some soda and potato chips. 

"Some candy for late night energy rush," he mumbled to himself, throwing a couple candy bars in his basket before heading to the checkout clerk. Ryan wandered the mall for a while then checked his watch and headed back for the car. He saw that Riley and Sara were waiting for him. The two girls were sat on the trunk of his car, a large pink 'Victoria's Secret' bag in each of their hands. 

Ryan smiled to himself,

"Gift card huh?" he questioned, both girls laughing at his shy smile. The threesome packed into the car and took off once again. 

"So Ryan? Did you remember what I told you when you dropped us off?" Sara asked.

Ryan thought back to last week, and then nodded.

"What are you talking about?" Riley interjected. She looked to Sara who just smiled, then looked over to Ryan.

"Ryan?"

"Umm, Sara just said, she said not to jerk off, so I, I uhh. . .didn't," he stammered.

Riley exploded in laughter, 

"Sara you're so wicked," she chastised.

"Wicked? Nuh uh," she replied, reaching forward, rubbing Ryan's crotch with the palm of her hand, "Just think how good Ryan here is going to feel when he explodes, a whole week of built up tension," she explained.

"Well, you better move your hand if you don't want him to explode right now," Riley giggled, seeing the tense look on Ryan's face. Sara smiled and retrieved her hand. The three of them chatted about how they spent the last week, and about what classes they had this coming Monday. When they pulled in for lunch, Ryan was pretty tired, having gotten up quite early. He tossed the keys to Sara,

"You're next."

She smiled, tucking the keys away in her pocket as they all entered the restaurant. They took a booth in the back, Ryan sitting on the opposite side of the two girls. The waiter promptly took their orders and the three of them chatted while waiting on the food. 

"So Ryan? A whole week huh?" Were you tempted at any time?" Riley curiously questioned.

"Every day! Especially when I thought about you two," he replied with a smile. The girls looked at each other and giggled. 

"Shame really, Riley and I have had the last six nights together. Her tongue had me cumming buckets whole week. And you've been all alone," Sara teased.

"Yeah, my pussy's actually kinda sore from all those tongue lashes Sara's been giving me," Riley added.

"I'll tell you what though Ryan, these last couple nights, Riley here has been telling me how her pussy's been aching for your hard cock," Sara revealed. Ryan looked down to see Sara's bare foot, rubbing against his the crotch of his shorts as she spoke. He looked up to a blushing Riley.

"What can I say? A girl can only do so much for another girl." 

They all had a quiet chuckle as the waiter returned with their food, Sara swiftly removing her foot. They ate and paid for the meal and then headed back to the car. 

Sara took the driver's seat. As Ryan approached the passenger seat, Riley interrupted him,

"Ryyyannn, why don't you keep me company in the back seat, it gets so lonely," she said in a sarcastic girly tone.

"No way, that's not fair," Sara protested.

"Aww Sara, he's waited a whole week, besides, look at it this way, if he gets some relief now, he'll be able to last a lot longer tonight, you know we need him to last tonight," Riley explained.

"Well, you do make a good point, but I get first dibs tonight." 

Riley just laughed as she opened the back door, letting Ryan in. Sara started the car and pulled off. By the time she reached the freeway, Sara could no longer ignore the sensual moans emanating from the back seat. She stole a glance in the rearview mirror, seeing Riley sat upon Ryan, both of them facing forward, Ryan's head buried in Riley's neck, licking and sucking her smooth supple skin. 

Riley gyrated her body in Ryan's lap as she felt his warm moist tongue on her neck, licking her bare skin, down to her shoulder then back up. Feeling his fingers, she opened her eyes to see Ryan's left hand, forcing its way in the front of her tight jean shorts. She unbuckled her shorts, and undid the zipper, allowing him the ease of access. She watched as he slid his hand in, and then moaned as she felt his soft fingers, grip against her cotton panties, pressing into her wet vagina. 

If Ryan wasn't aroused as yet, he certainly was now, delighted at the feel of Riley's moist juices on his fingers. Riley tugged her panties aside, allowing Ryan to insert a finger in her pussy. 

"MHMMMMmmhmhhmmm!" she moaned aloud, as Ryan's fingers grazed past her clit to enter her cunt. With two fingers inside her, Riley continued grinding her hips as Ryan started slipping his fingers in and out of her. 

Sara was finding it hard to keep her eyes on the road, twisting her neck every opportunity she got to catch a glimpse of the action. She spun back, seeing Riley's jeans around her knees, Ryan's fingers, pressed passed her panties, buried deep inside her friend. Sara turned her face back to the road, a jealous smile on her face. 

By now, all the grinding Riley was doing was certainly taking a toll on Ryan. Riley could feel his hardon, pressing against her panty clad ass. She reached forward, tugging at her shorts, lowering them till she managed to kick them off. She spun round, forcing Ryan's hand away from her snatch. She was now sat on Ryan's lap, facing him, her knees bent on either side of him. Ryan looked into Riley's seductive stare, leaning forward, kissing her on the mouth, their tongues intertwining. While entranced in a deep kiss with Ryan, Riley's hands were busy unbuckling his shorts. She broke their kiss, acrobatically stooping above Ryan, allowing him the space to slip his shorts and boxers to his knees. Riley sat back down on Ryan's lap, spotting his throbbing cock. She repositioned herself, so his cock was resting against her moist panties before leaning in again to kiss him. 

Ryan enjoyed Riley's warm tongue scraping the roof of his mouth, but enjoyed the cool slick feel of Riley's wet panties against his cock even more. Riley once again broke the couple's kiss. She looked down to Ryan's penis, beet red and throbbing, precum oozing from its tip. She lowered her hand to her crotch, pulling her panties aside. Ryan view was focused on Riley's exposed cunt, her lips slick and glistening. He put his hands on the girl's waist, gently raising her. Meanwhile, with one hand holding her underwear to the side, Riley took hold of Ryan's cock. She looked into his eyes as she felt him throb in her fingers, then expertly position him at the entrance of her hot begging sex. Ryan held Riley's body high enough as she rubbed the tip of his penis against the folds of her vagina, their sexual juices mixing with one another. Then, Ryan let go of Riley's waist, allowing her to lower her body, her tight pussy swallowing his cock. They both moaned in unison as Riley now sat all the way down on Ryan, his cock buried deep inside her. Riley leaned in to kiss Ryan. 

"Oh god, you're so fucking hard," Riley whispered, as Ryan raised a hand, grabbing a handful of her chest, feeling her erect nipples pressing against her shirt. As Ryan massaged her breasts, Riley began gyrating her hips, swirling her pussy around Ryan's entrapped penis. Soon she started lifting her body up and down, feeling the swell of Ryan's cock, slide in and out of her, her clit dragging against his manhood. When Sara stole another peek, all she could see was Riley's round pantied ass rising up and down on Ryan's lap. Riley leaned her head back as Ryan thrusted his cock into her from his seated position.

"Ohh fuck, yeah....mhmmm, that feels sooo good," she cooed. Riley was leaning back, supporting herself with both hands holding against the front seats. Now that she had let go of them, the added feeling of his cock sliding pass Riley's panties was a new sensation for Ryan, one that he quite liked. He continued bucking his hips from a seated position while Riley joyously welcomed him. 

"Ahhhh!! Fuck!! Mhmm ahhhhmmm cumming!!!" Riley screamed, as her pussy clenched around Ryan's shaft, an explosion of her nectar coating his manhood. Ryan pulled her quivering body onto his, embracing her, continuing to pump his shaft in her, as her pussy trembled in ecstasy. When her orgasm subsided, Riley remained hunched onto Ryan's body, and began bucking her hips swiftly, eagerly anticipating his climax. She didn't have to wait long, as she heard his deep groans,

"Ahhhhhh ghhmmm!!" he moaned. One final push of his hips was all that was needed, his cock twitching inside Riley's pussy, a week's worth of hot cum spewing into her body. 

"mhmm hmmm, is my baby cumming!?? mhhhhmmm" Riley moaned into his ear as his cock continued to full her. When she sensed he was done, Riley gently climbed off of Ryan, his sensitive cock sliding out of her, and collapsed beside him. She slid her soaked panties down to her ankles.

"Jeez, Sara, I'm going to need a napkin or something," Riley giggled.

Sara turned round to see both Ryan and Riley's sweat covered bodies, huddled together. She followed Riley's eye down to her recently plowed cunt; Riley's positioning was such that her pussy was oozing with Ryan's cum. Sara joined in on Riley's playful laughter, reaching over to the glove compartment, retrieving a tissue and leaning back to hand it to Riley.

Riley took the tissue from her friend, then dabbed it against her pussy, soaking up hers and Ryan's fluid. Sara handed her another tissue then turned back to the road. Riley couldn't help but smile as she and Ryan looked on as her cunt continued to drool his cum. When it seemed all of Ryan's semen had oozed out of her, she wiped herself once more before reaching for her panties and pulling them on. Riley held the cumsoaked tissues in front of Ryan's face,

"Humph, the things we girls have to put up with," she joked, before she and Sara shared a knowing laugh.

Riley used one more tissue, wiping Ryan's shriveled cock clean before they put their pants back on.

"Jesus chirst, I thought it was never going to end," Riley teased, leaning against Ryan's warm body.

"Well, it's been a whole week," Ryan offered as explanation, before putting his arms around Riley, holding her tightly. The two of them eventually drifted off to sleep as Sara continued at the wheel.

Just as the sun was setting, Sara sensed some movement in the backseat, and then saw Riley climbing into the front seat. Sara looked back to a still sleeping Ryan,

"Jeez girl, you really wore him out."

Riley looked back at him, seeing Ryan in his peaceful slumber.

"Well, at least he'll be well rested tonight," she whispered, smiling over to Sara. 

The girls chatted in hushed tones till Sara decided she was beat from all the driving. 

They pulled into a fast food drive thru and then found a hotel. When Riley got back to the car after checking in, Ryan was awake, he and Sara were leaned against the car, bags in hand. 

Riley looked at the couple, smiling at Sara, who was holding the two 'Victoria's Secret' bags. 

She helped out with one of the bags and they made their way to the room. They all sat round the table and pillaged through the fast food bags filled with burger and fries. 

"Mmm, it's been ages since I've had a burger, almost forgot how good they are," Sara mumbled with a full mouthful. After dinner Ryan cleared the table of all the garbage while Riley was checking her email. Sara jumped on the bed, curling up at the foot,

"Wow, I never thought driving could be so tiring."

"Aww, don't go to sleep yet, we've got the whole night ahead," Riley mock pleaded, before typing away on her keyboard. About half hour later, Riley shut down her laptop and looked over to the bed. Ryan was sat on the floor at the foot of the bed, watching television with the volume turned down low. She had noticed Sara had just about drifted off. She walked up to the foot of the bed and knelt down. She smiled at Ryan, and then turned to Sara who she was now face to face with.

Riley gently held Sara's cheek in the palm of her hand, before kissing her on the forehead. Sara's eyes opened at the feel of Riley's soft touch.

Staring at Riley's beautiful smiling face, Sara returned the smile.

After kissing Sara's forehead again, Riley looked at her friend and spoke

"Why don't we. . ." she paused to kiss Sara on the cheek, "go take a nice. . ." she kissed her on the other cheek, "cool, refreshing," she puckered her lips and planted a sweet kiss on Sara's lips "shower."

"Mhmm, I'd love to," Sara moaned in response. Riley stood up and took Sara's hand in hers, helping her to her feet.

Riley looked back to Ryan, "I'm sure you could keep yourself busy Ryan," she teasingly said, before grabbing the two pink bags and leading Sara into the bathroom, closing the door behind them. Riley placed the bags on the floor and then turned to Sara. Both girls smiled as Riley leaned in, kissing Sara on the lips. Riley's hands found Sara's and they both clasped each other's palms. Sara couldn't help but notice her friend's leg, placed between hers, gently rubbing against her thigh. Not long after, Riley pulled away and began undressing. She eagerly unbuckled her shorts and peeled down her shorts and panties in one motion, kicking them off her ankles. Sara admired her friend's smoothly shaved vagina; she couldn't help herself, quickly reaching over, running two fingers along the swollen lips of Riley's slit.

While Riley got rid of her tank top, Sara walked over to the shower, turning the knobs, allowing the water temperature to adjust. She turned back to a nude Riley, a true vision of perfection, her amazingly pert breasts sitting exquisitely on her chest, her puffy nipples becoming erect right before her eyes. 

Riley walked up to Sara, placing her hands on her jersey, raising it off her body, then quickly getting down to her shorts, undoing the buttons and sliding them down Sara's wonderfully toned legs. Sara stepped out of her shorts at grabbed Riley's hand. The twosome pulled open the shower curtain, crossed over the edge of the tub and stepped into the shower. They both laughed as they jostled for position, reveling in the warmth of the water flowing down, soaking their young tight bodies. Riley grabbed the bottle of shower gel and began dribbling it over Sara's breasts. Sara moaned, feeling her friend's warm hands on her breasts, rubbing in the gel, lathering her skin. Riley pinched Sara's nipples, now slippery because of the soap, and then continued to soap the rest of her body. Sara looked down excitedly as Riley knelt down, running her hands down her stomach, finding her soapy mound. As Riley glided her hands between Sara's legs, she ran her fingers over her womanly center, feeling the prickles of her pubic hairs, mixed with the lather of the soap. She smiled and looked up to Sara, 

"Someone hasn't shaved in a while," she jibed. 

"Do you mind helping me out?" Sara replied.

Riley stood up, face to face with Sara, "I'd love to," she whispered before stepping out of the shower. 

Ryan was on the bed watching the news when he heard the bathroom door. He turned his head swiftly only to see Riley strolling out, bare assed and dripping wet. She smiled at him and walked across to room to her bag. Bent over, she rummaged through her bag, retrieving a razor, while Ryan's eyes were fixed to her round ass.

She spun round catching Ryan's gaze,

"Hey, you wouldn't happen to have some shaving cream would you?"

"Uhh, um, no. I could run out and get some," he stammered.

Riley giggled, "No no, you relax, we'll make do with shower gel." She winked at him before walking back into the bathroom, her petite breasts and butt, bouncing all the way. 

Once back in the shower, Riley told Sara to sit on the edge of the tub.

Sara sat on the side of the tub spreading her legs for Riley. 

Riley poured some shower gel into her hands and then rubbed it over Sara's pussy, Sara playfully squirming at Riley's gentle touch. The brunette slowly but willfully began stroking the razor down across the skin of Sara's pelvis, removing the soapy lather as well as the blonde curls. She tugged on the lips of Sara's pussy, expertly maneuvering the razor around her friend's sensitive skin. Sara brushed her hand through Riley's hair as her friend, kneeling between her legs, tended to her so carefully. She smiled every time Riley had to slide her fingers around the lips of her pussy, making sure she got every inch clean. When she was done, Riley reached for a handful of water from the shower, pouring it over Sara's mound, watching as the water flowed over her friend's beautiful skin, washing away all the soap and hair, leaving the exquisite view of her glistening, freshly shaven pussy. 

"Admiring your handiwork?" Sara teased, seeing Riley smile as she stared at her pussy.

Riley looked up to Sara's smile, then placed a hand over her snatch,

"Uhhmm, just thinking, I should give it a test run." 

Sara moaned as she felt a finger slide into her pussy. She pushed her hips forward as Riley slid another finger in and began sliding her two fingers in and out. Sara whimpered, hearing the wet slapping slickness of Riley's fingers moving in and out of her. She closed her eyes and brought her hands up to her chest, gently cupping her breasts, pinching her rock hard pink nipples. A bit of concern hit Sara when she felt Riley remove her fingers, but she was quickly relieved, feeling the wonderful warm softness of Riley's tongue. 
