 The next day Stacy did take Jessica shopping, and Jess seemed a lot less angry. Afterwards the came back to our place and started drinking. 

Stacy had bought an expensive bottle of vodka, and we all got drunk quickly. When there was a break in the conversation, Stacy spoke up.

"I invited a couple of guys over," she said.

"Who?" I asked.

"I don't know, just some guys."

"Okay," I said.

"They heard about the party last night, and they said they would pay for handjobs."

"What?!" I said.

"Well they seemed nice, and I know money has been a little tight for Jess lately, so I thought it'd be perfect," Stacy explained.

I looked over at Jess, who still hadn't said anything. "You don't have to do this," I told her.

"It's alright," Jess said, "I could use some extra cash. And like Stace said, handjobs aren't a big deal."

"Right," Stacy agreed, "I told em forty a piece. I figured we could split it, since I found them and arranged it and everything . . . is that okay?"

"I guess," Jess nodded.

About half an hour later the guys showed up. Stacy welcomed them and sat them on the couch. She poured them each a drink. I thought I recognized one of them from a math class I had taken the previous year.

"This is Jess," Stacy said, introducing them, "And this is Michael and Brian."

"Hey," Michael said.

"Hello," Brian added.

"Hi," Jess replied.

"Who wants to go first?" Stacy asked.

"I will," Brian said.

"Alright Brian, you and Jess come back to the computer room, we'll do it in there," Stacy directed. Brian and Jess got up and followed Stacy into the computer room. After a minute Stacy came back out,

"Michael, you can watch if you want," she said. Michael stood up, shifted his erection and headed into the computer room.

"You too ya know," she said, winking at me. I finished my drink and followed her.

In the computer room Brian sat on the love seat with his pants around his ankles. Jess knelt in front of him, stroking him steadily with one hand and fondling his balls with the other. By the way he was moaning everyone could tell he was really, really enjoying it.

Jess looked like she knew what she was doing. Stacy had never been very good at handjobs or blowjobs. Probably had a lot to do with how self-centered she was.

After another minute Brian really started to groan.

"God you're hot," he moaned.

Jess kept stroking. "Thanks," she said, smiling shyly.

"God I'd love to see your tits," He said.

"Another ten bucks and you can," Stacy said.

"Okay," Brian said. Jess stopped and Brian reached down into the pocket of his pants, fishing out a crumpled ten. Stacy took it and put it in her back pocket. She leant over and kissed Jess on the cheek.

Then she lifted Jess shirt up and off. She tossed the shirt aside and then unclasped Jess's bra, releasing Jess's massive tits.

Jess looked up at Brian. "You like 'em?" she asked.

"Oh god yeah," Brian answered as she wrapped her hand around his dick again.

It didn't take long before I could tell that he was about to cum. Jess sensed it too, and pushed up Brian's shirt, rubbing her hand over. She quickened her pace and he started to explode.

"Yeah . . . yeah." He shot stream after stream of cum onto his stomach. "Oh god that was amazing," he gasped. Stacy tossed him a towel and he wiped himself off. Jess stood up and downed the last half of her drink. I tried, but couldn't stop staring at her, huge, beautiful breasts, bouncing as she sat down on the couch.

"You ready?" Stacy asked Michael.

He nodded. "If an extra ten gets her topless, what's an extra forty get me?"

Stacy thought for a moment. "She'll suck you off . . ." Stacy looked over at Jess, "Alright?" Jess nodded.

"Deal," he said, pulling out his wallet and forking over 4 twenties. He sat down on the love seat next to Jess and pulled his pants down.

Jess leaned over and took the tip of his cock in her mouth. Michael groaned and reached over, grabbing a handful of one of her tits. I could feel precum leaking out of my cock.

"That's gonna cost you," Stacy said.

"How much?" He asked, groaning, as Jess took more of his cock into her mouth.

"Another twenty," Stacy answered.

"Fine . . . After?" he asked.

"Yeah, that's fine," Stacy said. Michael quickly reached down with both hands, madly pawing at Jess's tits while she sucked his cock. He slowed down and started to massage her tits, pulling at her nipples as she bobbed her mouth up and down on his cock. 

"Oh god . . . I'm getting close," he said. Jess backed off and started stroking him.

"Another twenty and you can cum in her mouth," Stacy said.

"Deal!" Michael said eagerly. Stacy stepped over to the love seat and looked at Jess.

"You're gonna suck him dry, right babe?" she asked. Jess nodded. Stacy took Jess's hand and moved it away from Michael's cock, and then placed her other hand on the back of Jess's head and slowly lowered Jess's mouth back onto Michael's dick. Stacy kept pushing until Jess's lips were almost at the base of his cock, and then she let go. Jess kept sucking his cock, and working his balls with her hand.

"Oh god . . . oh god." He started to buck his hips and I could hear her start to gag a little, but she kept sucking and swallowing spurt after spurt.

After he cleaned up Michael gave Stacy the extra 40 bucks, and him and Brian left. Jess put her shirt back on and we each downed another drink, before she said she was going to crash out on the couch. As soon as we got into our room I stripped Stacy's shirt off and bent her over the bed. I yanked her pants and panties down, exposing her tight naked ass. I dropped my pants to the floor. I grabbed her by the hips and drove my aching cock into her dripping pussy.

"Oh yeah . . ." she moaned, "you're nice and ready." I just kept fucking her. I grabbed her wrists and pinned her to the bed. I grunted as I slammed my cock into her pussy as hard as I could.

"Oh, that's what I need!" she yelled. I quickly reached the edge and pulled out. I stroked my cock for a moment until I exploded all over her back.

"I can see someone got excited by tonight's show," she said grinning. I didn't say anything, but I decided right there that I wouldn't try to talk sense into either of them anymore.