 The next day when I woke up I found Jess sitting on the couch in the front room.

"Morning," she said.

"Morning, where's Stacy?" I asked.

"She just left a little bit ago. She said she was going to the bank and then to the liquor store, and I think to find a few guys for tonight . . . it's not weird that I'm still here is it?" she asked.

"No, of course not," I assured her.

"Okay," she said. I sat down on the couch next to her.

"So you're really okay with all this?" I asked.

"Yeah . . . I really don't mind it, and the money's nice . . . I don't know. I broke it off with Steve today, so that's kind of a weight off my shoulders. We were kind of in a rough patch, and with all this I just decided it was a good time to end it."

"Alright, I told myself I wasn't going to meddle, but I had to make sure you weren't feeling forced into anything."

"No, no. Thank you though. I know Stacy can be really overbearing, and sometimes it makes me really angry, but that's just the way she is."

"Okay," I said.

"You don't think it makes me a bad person, or anything, do you?"

"No, not at all."

"You don't think less of me?" She asked.

"No. It was cool last night."

"Really?"

"Yeah, you put on a good show, you really know how to please a guy," I said. Jess just looked at me for a second.

"If you want I could . . . you know . . . for you. I mean not for money or anything. You've just always been really nice, and I think sometimes that you care more about my feelings than Stacy does."

My heart was racing. I just stared blankly. I thought about Stacy, and the previous night.

"I'm sorry," she said quickly, "I shouldn't have done that. You're with Stacy, and Stacy is my best friend-"

"No wait . . . I'd like that," I said, shaking a little.

"Really?" she asked.

"Just between us right?"

"Just between us." Jess got up and grabbed my hand. She led me to the computer room and sat me on the love seat, and then got down on her knees in front of me. She started to unbuckle my belt.

"Anything special you want?" she asked as she pulled my pants to the floor.

"No," I said. She wrapped her hand around my dick and gently started to tug on it.

"Wait . . ." I said.

"What?"

"Could you maybe take your shirt off?" I asked. She smiled and let go of my dick.

"I saw you looking at them last night," she said as she pulled her shirt off.

"I couldn't stop myself," I said. She unclasped her bra and tossed it aside.

"Good, I'm glad you like them." She grabbed my rock hard cock and began to stroke it. She stared into my eyes, and squeezed at her breasts with her other hand. She slowly stroked my cock for a while and then leaned further down and planted a couple of big wet kisses on my shaft.

"God that's hot," I said, "God you're hot."

"You're not to bad yourself." She spit into the palm of her hand and rubbed it up and down my shaft. She massaged my balls with her left hand as her right pumped up and down on my cock. As she stroked, and her tits bounced, I started to breathe harder and harder.

"Take off your shirt." I did as she said.

"God you're so good at this," I huffed.

"Really?" she asked.

"Uh huh . . . way better than Stacy," Her eyes lit up.

"Really?" she asked again.

"There's no comparison," I managed to say. She bent down and planted a big wet kiss on the tip of my cock, slurping off the precum.

"Thank you," she said, looking back up at me.

"I can't last any longer," I groaned.

"Then don't," she said smiling up at me.

I groaned as I shot spurt after spurt of cum all over my chest. I looked at her smiling, slowly milking the last of the cum out of my cock, dribbling down all around her hand. I bent down and kissed her. I grabbed the back of her head and gently probed my tongue into her mouth.

"Mmm," she moaned into my mouth. I grabbed her and pulled her up onto the love seat and on top of me. I pressed her against me and kissed her deeply. I squeezed her ass through her jeans as if I'd been starved of ass my whole life until this moment. She had so much more to grab hold of then Sarah it intoxicated me. I worked my other hand between us and massaged one of her breasts, now sticky from being pressed against my chest.

For half an hour we made out fiercely, like I hadn't made out since high school, not since I had sex for the first time. When we finally paused to catch our breath I looked her over. We were both covered in my cum.

"Sorry I got it all over you," I said.

"All you had to do was ask, and I would've let you cum there in the first place." I laughed and kissed her again.

"We should probably get cleaned up," I said.

An hour later Stacy came home with an armful of liquor and three guys. One of them was Brian from the night before.

"Hey Brian," Jess said.

"Hey," Brian said. Jess walked over and put her arm around his waist. "Back for more huh?" she asked.

"You know it," he said, reaching over and grabbing a handful of one of her tits.

"Watch it you two," Stacy said jokingly from the kitchen, where she was pouring drinks.

When everybody had one drink in them and another in their hand, we made our way back to the computer room. The guys stood in a little cluster by the computer, sipping their drinks. I leant against the opposite wall, downing mine, while Stacy stood in the middle of the room, helping Jess pull her tee shirt off. Stacy eyed the guy's, "Who's up?" she asked. A short muscular guy stepped forward and handed Stacy two twenties.

Jess knew what to do. She took the guy's hand and led him over to the couch and sat him down. She told him to take off his shirt, as she sat down next to him. She unbuttoned his pants and slid them down around his knees.

She stroked his cock slowly with one hand, rubbing her other hand over his chest, before dropping it to massage his balls.

I looked over at the other two guys. They both watched attentively and took quick sips from their drinks. I could see them trying to contain their excitement.

When I turned back to the action, Jess's eyes were fixed on me. She started to quicken her pace, stroking the guy faster. She smiled at me and leaned into the guy, pressing her huge breasts against the guy's arm.

The guy's moans increased and Jess answered by pumping faster, until she was stroking him furiously. He groaned and started shooting cum all over his stomach. Jess slowed, but kept stroking him until all of his cum had shot all over his stomach or dribbled onto her hand.

Jess sat up and Stacy tossed her a towel. She wiped her hand off and then handed it to the sticky guy. He stood up and wiped himself off as Brian took his place.

Jess smiled at him and rubbed his cock through his jeans. "What about you? What'll it be tonight?" He struggled to pull his money out of the pocket of his tented jeans. He handed Stacy 120 bucks.

"I want a BJ, just like the one you gave Michael last night," he said excitedly.

"Okay," Jess said, unbuckling his belt.

"And you'll swallow and everything?"

"Uh-huh," Jess nodded, working his jeans and boxers down around his ankles. She snuggled up next to him on the couch and leaned down, taking the tip oh his cock in her mouth. She kept sucking and bobbing her head ever so slightly while she rubbed the palm of her hand over his balls and the rest of his cock.

Brian moaned and laid his head back against the couch.

"Take your shirt off," Stacy ordered. Brian pulled his shirt up and over his head and tossed it aside. He pulled Jess a little closer to him and started squeezing her breasts, through her bra.

"God your tits are so big," Brian uttered. Jess took more of his cock into her mouth, eliciting more groans from Brian. I watched a smirk grow on Stacy's face as Jess's lips stretched, and she forced them all the way to the base of Brian's cock.

"God . . . this is even better than I imagined," he said, putting one of his hand on the back of her head and gripping the couch with the other. He breathed heavily as Jess took his cock deep into her throat. The other two guys were breathing a little hard just watching, even the one who already had his turn.

Brian groaned and started to buck his hips a little. Jess answered his movement, bobbing up and down faster and faster.

"Oh, baby," he grunted, letting go of the couch, to paw wildly at her breasts. He slipped his hand inside her bra.

I wasn't exactly sure if he had paid for under the bra or not, but nobody stopped him. He squeezed her tit hard and bucked his hips.

She could sense it building inside him and she pulled her mouth off his cock and held it wide open. She pointed his cock straight at her mouth, and licked its tip. His cock was still soaked with her saliva and her hand slid up and down it quickly.

The first shot hit her in the lips, but she quickly adjusted and the next one hit her in the back of the throat.

She kept stroking him until the last spurt landed on her tongue. Then carefully, still holding her mouth open she sat up on the couch, licked her lips clean and then tilted her head back and swallowed.

There was a small round of applause. Jess smiled and licked the last bit of Brian's cum off her hand.

As Brian got back into his clothes, Stacy took a wad of money from the last guy and ordered him to sit down on the couch.

"Nathan has paid 100 dollars to fuck Jess's tits and then cum all over them," she announced. This seemed to excite everyone, not the least of which, me. I watched as Jess unclasped her bra and released her massive jugs. I watched them shake as she got down on her knees in front of him.

"Jess I understand you and Nathan know each other?" Stacy asked. 

Jess smiled and nodded, "we have Spanish together." Stacy eyed me and walked across the room to the couch. She reached down and wrapped her hand around Nathan's rock hard cock, and leaned down and spat on it.

"Take care of him babe," Stacy instructed Jess. Stacy walked back to the other side of the room. 

Jess leaned forward, pressing her tits against his cock. She pushed on the sides of her tits until they completely enveloped his cock. She moved up and down, sliding his cock between her beautiful breasts. The tip of his cock peaked out above her tits and then disappeared again.

"You gonna cum on my tits?" she asked.

"Uh-huh," Nathan grunted.

"You gonna cum all over me?"

"Oh yeah."

"I'm gonna tit-fuck you so good, you're gonna fail Spanish," Jess said smiling.

"It's worth it," he groaned. 

It didn't take long till he exploded, cumming all over her tits and neck. Jess toweled off and the guys left with smiles on their faces.

Stacy sat down and counted out the money. "A hundred and thirty each," she said, handing Jess her half, "You were awesome tonight."

"Yeah?" Jess asked.

"Yeah," Stacy said. "The way you finished Brian off, and how you told Nathan you were gonna tit-fuck him so good he would fail Spanish. Totally awesome.

"Thanks," Jess said. We all had one more drink and then Stacy and I headed into our room.

I grabbed her and kissed her. She kissed me back, but then broke it off after a few seconds.

"What did you think when I touched that guy's dick?" she asked, rubbing my erection through my jeans, "Did you think it was hot?"

"Maybe," I said, taking off my shirt, "Butt of you want all this to continue, all the guys coming over, and Jess servicing them, you have to do what I say."

"Oh yeah?" she asked, "Like what?"

"We'll see," I said, kissing her neck.

"Okay," she said, "what'll it be?"

I sat down on the edge of the bed. "On your knees," I told her.

"Yes sir," she said, kneeling down in front of me. She undid my belt as I ran my fingers through her hair.

"I want you to suck my cock and then swallow, like Jess did tonight."

"You thought that was hot, did you?" she asked, working my pants down.

"Yeah."

She took the tip of my cock in her mouth and slowly wriggled her tongue around it. Slowly she took a little more and a little more until she had just over half of my cock in her mouth. 

I groaned as she picked up speed. "That's right baby, I wanna fill your mouth with cum." I grabbed the back of her head and forced my cock deeper into her mouth and then into her throat. She gagged a little and I eased up a bit. I bucked my hips, forcing my cock in and out of her mouth.

It didn't take long mouth fucking her like that before I couldn't take it any longer.

"I'm gonna cum," I told her, letting go of her head. She took her mouth off my cock and held it open, stroking me.

"Oh god," I groaned. I exploded, shooting spurt after spurt into her mouth. Having been hard the previous couple hours meant I kept cumming and cumming. When my cock finally let up, Stacy rolled the cum around and pooled it on her tongue for me to see, then she closed her mouth and swallowed.

"Good girl," I said, climbing up into the bed. She took her clothes off and climbed in next to me kissing me on the cheek.