 I knocked on the door quickly. Jess answered the door smiling.

"What're you doing here?" she asked. Stepping through the door, I kissed her, wrapping my arms around her waist and pulling her against me. She kissed me back. My hands roamed over her as our tongues met.

I led her back into the apartment and kicked the door shut.

"I had to see you," I said.

"Oh, yeah?" she asked, smirking. She reached down and rubbed my stiff cock through my jeans, "You like what you saw last night?"

I nodded and kept kissing her neck. I slid my hand up her side and pressed it against her huge tit.

"Come on," she said, leading me into the bedroom.

She stood next to the bed, unbuttoning her shirt. "Get naked," she said. As I pulled my clothes off she tossed her shirt aside and then unbuttoned her pants. I stood in front of her in just my boxers as shew wriggled out of her jeans. I just stood there looking at her in her white bra and panties.

"What are you waiting for?" she asked, sauntering over to me. She gripped the waistband of my boxers and then tugged them down. She slowly dropped to her knees. My cock throbbed and twitched half an inch from her face. She reached her hand up and wrapped it around my cock.

"What do you want?" she asked, slowly stroking my dick and kissing it. I groaned a little and she looked up at me.

"I saw you last night," she went on, grinning, "I know what you want. You want to fuck my tits like Nathan did, huh?"

"God yeah," I said.

"Sit on the edge of the bed," she ordered, unclasping her bra.

I kissed her. "No, you lay on the bed," I said.

"Okay," she nodded, climbing onto the bed and rolling onto her back, her monstrous tits shaking back and forth. I straddled her stomach and she pushed those beauties together.

"Wait," she said, propping herself up into her elbows. She took my cock into her mouth and sucked on it for a few seconds. When she took her mouth off she laid flat again, beneath my cock, dripping with her saliva.

"You gonn fuck these jugs?" she asked, pushing them together for me. Gripping the headboard, I nodded and slid my cock between her huge tits.

"God your tits are amazing," I told her. My cock glided in and out of her warm and now slick breasts. I shifted my position a littls and reached behind me with my right hand. I slowly rubbed her pussy through her panties.

"That feels good," she said smiling at me. The warmth of her breasts and her smile were somehow too much for me. Endorphins swept over me and I groaned as I lost it. The first blast caught her in the lips and she tilted her head back. The next shots caught her in the bottom of the chin and then the neck, flowing downhill to where my cock filled the crevasse between her breasts.

She let out a little giggle and licked the sperm off her lips as I collapsed next to her on the bed.

"Sorry," I said, " I usually don't lose it like that."

"No, it's okay," she said, moving closer to me, "and I know you don't. I've heard plenty of stories from Stacy."

"It's just . . . your tits are so . . ."

She smiled at me. "Yeah?" she said.

"Well yeah," I said, "but it's more than that too." I wrapped my arm around her and pulled her in close.

* * *

That night five guys showed up. As Stacy poured drinks, the guys looked Jess over. She was wearing a somewhat low-cut black tank-top, a pair of jean capris and a pair of sandals with a three-inch wicker heel. She smiled at the guys and flirted with them a bit.

Like the night before we went into the computer room and Jess took off her shirt. The first and then the second guy paid for, and then received handjobs. When Jess had finished jerking the last of the cum out of the second guy, he cleaned up and another guy took his place on the couch. He took out his wallet and forked over 80 bucks for a blowjob. The guy after him did the same, but paid an extra 20 bucks for her to swallow.

When Jess had gulped the last of it down, Stacy asked if anyone wanted her to freshen their drinks. Two of the guys said they needed to take off, but the other three accepted.

I watched a couple of them eye her as she left the room. I didn't mind, I couldn't blame them even if I did, the way she was dressed. She was wearing a short white mini-skirt that was wavy around its hem, a spaghetti-strapped tank top, and tall pair of black heels. She was a ten, as always. Her hips and her long blonde hair swung as she returned with drinks.

After she had returned the drinks to their owners, she slid open the closet door and retrieved a narrow, folding futon. She laid the futon in the center of the room, and from the waistband of her skirt, Stacy pulled out a single condom.

Holding it up between her thumb and forefinger, she announced, "Jake has paid 200 dollars for the real thing."

Jess looked at the guy and then over at me nervously. I just smiled and shrugged.

"Both of you get naked," Stacy instructed. They undressed while Stacy, me and the other two guys left looked on. Jake had a pretty big cock, probably an inch and a half longer than my six inch cock. He was a fair amount thicker too.

Stacy opened the condom and handed me the wrapper. She strolled across the room and, with her left hand, grabbed ahold of Jake's thick hard cock. With her right, she carefully placed the condom on the tip of his cock and then, ever so slowly, rolled the condom down to the base of his dick.

Jess reached for her glass and downed the rest of her drink. "How do you want her?" Stacy asked.

"Just on her back, I guess," Jake answered. Jess laid down on the futon. She searched the room with her eyes, as Jake knelt down in front of her and gently spread her legs. He briefly rubbed his hand across her pussy before moving forward and slowly sliding his cock into her. 

Stacy crossed the room and stood next to me. "I just touched another cock," she whispered in my ear, while she nibbled on it.

"It won't be the last," I whispered, smiling. She looked at me quizzically and then grabbed my drink, taking a sip.

Small quiet moans escaped from Jess as Jake lifted and spread her legs, continuing to slide in and out of her.

The other two guys were sitting on the couch, watching intently, both nursing serious erections, even though one had just gotten a handjob and the other one had gotten a blowjob.

Jake laid himself all the way down on top of Jess, squishing her huge tits between the two of them. He kissed her on the shoulder and grunted, driving his cock all the way into her.

I turned to the guys on the couch, "Either of you guys got any money?" I asked. Everyone looked over at me, even Jess and Jake, though they didn't stop fucking.

"Yeah, why?" one of them asked.

"If you've got another forty bucks, Stacy will jerk you off while you watch." Stacy looked at me in surprise. I leaned over to her and whispered in her ear. "You said you'd do whatever I say."

"I meant last night," she shot back at me in a low tone. Both the guys quickly dug forty bucks out of their wallets. I grabbed Stacy by the hand and led her over to the couch, seating her between the two of them. I took their money and told them to pull down their pants.

Stacy just glared at me as the guys on either side of her worked their pants off.

Jess let out a groan. "Oh, fuck me Jake," she said loudly, grabbing ahold of his ass and pulling him deeper into her. She rocked her body in-time with his thrusts, but her eyes were glued on Stacy. She watched, smiling as Stacy slowly took the guys' cocks in her hands. 

The couch was really more of a love seat, so both the guys were kind of pressed up against her. She steadily stroked their cocks as their eyes went back and forth between her and the action on the futon.

Jake started to ram his cock into Jess faster and faster, eliciting more groans from her.

"Oh fuck me . . . fuck me," she moaned, wrapping her legs around him.

"C'mon," Jess urged him, her eyes still on the couch. Jake pumped his cock in and out of her as fast as he could, grunting feverishly and gripping the futon with either hand.

Stacy looked to either side of her. Both of the guys were thrusting against her hands.

"Oh god," the guy on her right muttered as he started to cum. He came all over his stomach and Stacy's hand.

"Oh Jesus," Jake groaned. He grabbed the back of Jess' head, turning her gaze from the couch to him. He pressed his lips against hers and kissed her.

"Mmm," she murmered, as their mouths parted. Panting, she pushed her pelvis up against his thrusts, gripping the futon with her left hand, digging her nails in.

He lurched forward, burying his head in the futon next to her and squashing her huge breasts between the two of them.

I watched as he pumped faster and moaned louder, bringing sighs and grunts from Jess, until he finally climaxed.

I gritted my teeth and adjusted my cock, watching him slow as he filled the thin condom seperating them.

I looked over at Stacy, whose eyes drifted back and forth between me and the futon, while she fiercely stroked the cock in her left hand. The guy started to breathe really hard and groan as he leaned in, pressing his shirtless chest against her pumping arm. He gripped the couch, grunting as he exploded. His cock spewed cum into the air, splattering down onto his chest and Stacy's forearm. I smiled as she winced and slowly withdrew her hand and arm.

Jake climbed off Jess and sat up. I grabbed a towel and tossed it to Stacy. As she wiped off her sticky hands and arm, Jake peeled his condom off and tossed it into the garbage. Jess smirked and sat up next to him.

Stacy finished wiping the cum off her hands and tossed the towel back at me, with a glare. She walked toward the door. I bit my lip, a little nervous, and slapped her ass as she passed. "Nice work," I said sort of gruffly. Stacy kept walking and went into our bedroom, shutting the door. Jess suppressed a giggle. Jake leaned over and gafve her a peck on the cheek before starting to get dressed. The other two guys followed suit, cleaning themselves off and then getting dressed.

Jess and I walked them to the door, her still naked. The guys said they'd had a great time and that they'd be back for more. Jake gave gess a quick hug, squeezing her full, naked ass while he was at it.

As soon as I shut the door behind them I grabbed Jess and stuck my tongue down her throat. I grabbed her ass and pulled her up against me hard. My hand moved up her body, touching her side, squeexing her huge breasts and then caressing her face.

"I want to fuck you," I said, kissing her again.

"When?" she asked, kissing me back.

"Tomorrow, at your place."

"Okay," she said, rubbing my cock through my jeans.

"Now, I've got some work to do," I told her. Jess looked at my quizically. She shrugged and grabbed a blanket, laying down on the couch in the front room. I poured three shots of whiskey and drank them down quickly. I walked back to our bedroom and went in. Stacy was sitting up in the bed, against the headboard.

"What the hell was all that?" she asked, snarling.

She let out a little shriek as I reached out and grabbed her ankles, pulling her down to the edge of the bed.

"I thought it'd be fun," I said, "and it was," I finished slowly.

"For you maybe."

"Oh like you haven't done the same to Jess ten times over," I growled at her.

"That's different," she snapped.

"It's not." I grabbed he round the waist and flipped her over, bending her over the bed's edge. I slapped her ass and she squeaked.

"And you asked for it anyways," I said. She trembled as I spread her legs apart and lifted her skirt up above her ass. I reached my hand between her legs and rubbed my lightly rubbed my fingers across her panties. I leaned over the top of her and whispered in her ear . . .

"No one even touched you and your panties are drenched. Don't try and tell me you didn't like it."

She squirmed as I pulled her panties to the side. She let out a whimper as two of my fingers slipped pasts her wet lips and plunged deep into her juicy pussy.

"And you'll like it tomorrow too," I told her. She snapped her head to the side, staring at me.

"That's right," I said, grabbing the back of her head and facing her forward again. I moved my fingers in and out of her slippery pussy. "I'm in charge from now on." I finger fucked her fast and hard.

She grinded her teeth as I slipped my fingers out of her pussy and teased her clit slowly.

"You want my cock?"

"Uh-huh," she said softly.

"Tell me you want me to use you," I said, unbuckling my belt and sliding my finger along her slit. She whimpered, biting her lip.

"Tell me!" I said more forcefully.

"I want you to use me," she answered quietly.

"You're gonna be my slut?" I asked, pulling out my cock and placing it between her thighs. The head of my cock slid along the dripping lips of her pussy.

"Yeah baby," she groaned, reaching her hand back and rubbing my cock. I stepped back and pulled her panties down and off.

"You're gonna do everything I say?" I asked, pressing my cock up against the crevice of her ass.

"Uh-huh," she said, writhing against me. I slowly pressed the tip of my cock against the wet lips of her pussy and then past them.

As she moaned I asked, "You gonna be a little whore like Jess?"

"Yes," she said as I fucked her faster.

"You're gonna jerk off who I say?"

"Uh-huh." Her slick pussy, her taut ass slamming up against my hips, the power I had over her intoxicated me. I grabbed her hair and pulled her head up. I kissed her neck, still driving my cock in and out of her.

"You're gonna blow who I tell you to?" I asked.

" . . . Yeah," She let out. I could feel her body under me start to shake with orgasm. I slowed down easing in and out of her.

I turned her head to the side so she looked me in the eye and kissed her slowly, sucking on her trembling lower lip.

"You're gonna fuck who I tell you to?"

Stacy nodded her head, panting. She let out a moan as I lost it, pumping spurt after spurt of semen into her. I kept thrusting until my cock was finally drained and her pussy seemed full to the brim.

I pulled my cock out of her and slapped her on the ass. I grabbed her around the waist and hoisted her up onto the bed. I snuggled up next to her and kissed her mouth. Our tongues met gently and then parted.

"You have no idea how hot you are as my little slut," I told her, wrapping my arms around her.