 I woke up the next morning with a knot in my stomach. I had been too excited to get much sleep. I got up and found Stacy in the living room in her PJs.

"Morning," She said.

"Morning," I said, giving her a kiss. "You were awesome last night."

"Oh yeah?" she asked, raising her eyebrow.

"Yeah. I didn't know you had it in you."

"Well I do," she said, toying with her long blonde hair.

"You ready for tonight?" I asked.

"What's in store for tonight?"

"Cocks," I answered.

"Yeah?" she said coyly, "how many?"

"More than you can handle."

"I can handle anything you throw at me," she said smiling.

Wheels started turning in my head.

"You think so, huh?" I asked.

"I know so," she snapped back.

"We'll see," I said, bending over and kissing her forehead. I told her I had some arrangements to make, grabbed my phone and a couple of pictures of her from the bedroom and took off.

A couple of hours later I was standing on Jess' doorstep with a bouquet of flowers and a raging hard-on.

I rang the doorbell. I heard the quick patter of feet, then a pause as she looked through the peephole. After a second she opened the door.

Jess was wearing a little flowing black teddy and matching panties and she had tears welling up in her eyes.

"You brought me flowers?" she asked. I smiled and nodded, holding them out. She took them, tears starting to stream down her cheek, and took me by the hand, leading me inside.

She led me into the bedroom and crossed the room, setting the flowers on the dresser. Jess stood there looking at me. Her massive breasts looked as if they were eager to spill over the top of her lacy black teddy. I started to unbuckle my pants.

"You're beautiful, you know," I said. Jess let her gaze fall to her feet. I crossed the room and placed my finger under her chin, lifting her gaze to meet mine.

"I'm serious," I said. A hint of a smile crossed her lips. She grabbed my belt and finished unbuckling it. She helped me work my jeans to the floor.

"Thank you," she said. "For everything I mean, not just for calling me beautiful."

As I pulled my shirt off, she pulled my boxers down around my ankles and got down on her knees.

"Wait," I said, lifting her back up to her feet, "it's your turn." I stepped out of the clothes pooled around my feet and led her over to the bed, laying her down.

She smiled at me and bit her lower lip as I climbed on top of her. She reached down and toyed with my cock as I leant down to kiss her. I scooted away from her, toward the foot of the bed and kneeled between her legs.

I reached my hands under the hem of her teddy and peeled off her panties. I layed down on my stomach. I could hear her breathing heavy as I placed slow, wet kisses, on the inside of her thigh. I ran my fingers over her pussy, spreading it open a little.

Jess let out a shiver as my tongue pressed against her pussy. I worked up to her clit and rolled my tongue back and forth over it softly.

I moved m hands over her legs and along her sides. She rubbed her palms over the sheets of her bed as I licked up and down her pussy and then pushed my tongue deeper inside her. I came up for air and shoved a finger inside her.

I smiled at her as she gasped.

"Play with your tits," I ordered her. She grabbed her breasts through her teddy. She squeezed them and massaged them as she watched me. I moved my finger in an out of her pussy.

"God you're so wet," I told her.

"You get me that way," she said, giving me a little smile, and pushing her tits together until they almost burst out of the top of her teddy. I lowered my head again and pressed my lips against her pussy. She groaned and pulled on the top of her lingerie, exposing her tits. She kept panting and playing with her tits as I licked and fingered her.

Her breath quickened. I kept going until she was gasping for air. I lifted my mouth off her pussy and with the hand not knuckle-deep inside her I rubbed her clit furiously.

"Oh God," She moaned, "Just like that." Her head collapsed back on her pillow as she climaxed.

I leaned over the edge of the bed and grabbed ahold of my pants off the floor. I reached into one of the pockets and pulled out a condom. I quickly tore it open.

"Wait!" She said, still catching her breath, "You don't have to wear a condom . . . I mean, you don't have to if you don't want too." I tossed the condom aside and climbed on top of her.

"Cool," I said, kissing her on the lips. I pushed my tongue into her mouth. I felt her tongue pressing back against mine. I reached my hand between us and grabbed ahold of one of her tits. I lowered my hips and the tip of my cock touched the inside of her thigh.

As she reached down and wrapped her hand around my cock, I broke off our kiss and moved my lips to her neck.

"You like it?" I asked. She nodded, slowly sliding her loosely wrapped hand up and down my dick.

"I want it in me," she said softly.

"Yeah?" I asked, kissing her ear.

I pushed my cock against her, slowly rubbing it on the outside of her pussy. I kissed her cheek and then her neck and then her shoulder.

"Yeah, I want your cock inside me."

I lifted my hips and then drove my cock into her. Our bodies collided in pleasure, her huge tits pressing against my chest. I held my cock deep inside her and kissed her.

Jess let a little moan pass her lips as I slowly slid my naked cock out and then back into her.

She wrapped her arms around my waist while I slowly fucked her.

"God that feels good," she moaned, pulling her legs up toward her. I grabbed the side of her head, kissing her cheek and I slowly drove my cock into her as far as it would go.

"God you feel so big," she gasped.

"Yeah?" I asked, starting to slide in and out of her faster.

"You cock feels huge," she panted. I lifted her head so our lips met and kissed her.

"It was so hot when you made Stacy jerk off those two guys."

"You liked that," I asked.

"Yeah, I loved it," she said, her voice trembling a little bit from the beginnings of orgasm.

"Tonight is going to be even better," I grunted, as I started fucking her harder.

"Really? she managed to mumble, digging her fingernails into me.

"Definitely."

"Oh God, I want you so much right now," she gasped.

"Good," I said, gripping her hair and driving my cock into her hard.

"I want your cum inside me."

"Oh Jesus." I fucked her faster.

"I want you to fill me up," she groaned, "cum for me."

I couldn't take it any longer. I kissed her and then exploded inside her. We kissed passionately as she took spurt after spurt of my cum.

When I was finally drained I collapsed and we rolled onto our sides and just held each other.

"I can't wait for tonight," she said.

"Me neither."

After a while I got dressed and kissed Jess goodbye, and told her I would see her at my place later.

I ran a few errands, and when I got back to my apartment Stacy and Jess were both sitting on the couch. I set three huge bags full of booze down on the table before turning my attention to them.

Jess was wearing a low cut, white, tank top and a black pair of dickies. Stacy had on a slinky, red strapless dress and knee high black boots. I tried to gauge whether Stacy had told Jess anything about what she had promised me the night before, or if Jess had let on that she already knew.

"You girls want a drink?" I asked, pulling a bottle of whiskey out of a bag.

"Sure," Jess said, getting up and walking over to the kitchen. She grabbed some ice cubes and put them into three glasses. I poured some whiskey into each of the glasses and then topped them off with coke.

Stacy got off the couch and came over. "So what's in store for tonight?" she asked, picking up a glass.

"I told you this morning." I said smiling. I picked up a glass and handed the last one to Jess.

"Here's to a little change," I said, raising my glass and then drinking it down. The girls did the same. I started pulling beer and hard alcohol out and setting it on the table.

"Tonight is gonna be a little different," I said, "A bachelor party will be arriving shortly, and they have paid for Stacy's services for the evening." I pulled a big box of condoms out of the grocery bag and an economy size tube of lube as big as my forearm.

"Wait," Stacy said, "what about Jess?"

"She's gonna make sure they have everything they need as far as condoms, drinks, lube. Stuff like that."

"That's Bullshit!"

"No," I said, my voice getting sterner. "It's more than fair. It's your turn." Stacy looked over at Jess and then lowered her gaze to the floor. I stepped closer to her and whispered in her ear, "I'm offering you a clean slate. I suggest you take it."

I stepped back over to the table and poured three more drinks.

"You understand me?" I asked. She nodded. "It's for the best," I said kissing her on the cheek. "Have another drink."

Stacy took the shot from me and downed it. She shook herself off and straightened up.

"You okay?" I asked her.

"Yeah," she answered.

"Let's drag the mattress out into the living room,"

We got the mattress situated and had a few more drinks before the bachelor party arrived. Stacy started to loosen up and even started to tease me about all the cock she was gonna take.

When they arrived I introduced them to Stacy and introduced Stacy to James, the Groom, as well as his five friends. Jess and I went to work pouring drinks and handing out beers. The guys stood around a little awkwardly for a minute, but as soon as one of them got up the nerve to start rubbing his hands over her, the rest immediately followed suit.

Six pairs of hands wandered over her body, squeezing her breasts, rubbing her legs and lifting up her dress. One of the guys, Kirk, stood behind her, towering over her at 6'3". With both hands he roughly squeezed Stacy's ass, which was covered only by the thin black strip of her thong, while one of the guys in front of her put his index finger in her mouth. Stacy sucked on his finger, while the crowd kept pawing at her. Jess and I watched, handing out the last of the drinks.

Stacy let the finger fall from her mouth. She leaned toward James and kissed him. She reached down and rubbed his cock through his jeans.

Kirk reached his hand around in front of her, slipping it into her panties. I saw Stacy twitch a little as he started to move his hand in rough circles over her pussy.

"I bet she's dripping wet," I whispered to Jess.

"I would be," Jess said with a smile.

Stacy broke off her kiss with James.

"You want me to suck your soon-to-be-married cock?" she asked playfully.

"Hell yeah," James said. Stacy brushed a few of the other guys aside and led James over to the couch. He sat down and Stacy climbed onto his lap, straddling him. She leaned down slowly, kissing his lips.

James rubbed his hands all over her as she kissed him and slowly grinded her thinly clothed pussy against his lap.

Most of the other guys took the opportunity to get their drinks refilled. Jess got a couple of slaps on the ass and one of the guys grabbed a handful of her tit.

"Hey. A little petting is okay, but you guys only paid for Stacy. If you want at Jess you're gonna have to come back another night."

The guys gathered around the couch as Stacy slowly slid down James' body and to her knees. She unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. She pulled his pants and boxers off and tossed them aside. She wrapped her hand around his cock and started to stroke it. The other guys let out a little cheer as she took the tip into her mouth.

His cock was a little smaller than mine and she easily took most of its length. Stacy rubbed her hands along his thighs as she sucked.

While Stacy's red lips and warm mouth elicited groans from James, a few of his friends kicked off their pants. One of the guys sat down on the couch next to James.

I looked over at Jess who was watching intently. She smiled as I reached over and touched her arm.

The guy next to James lifted Stacy's hand off of James thigh and placed it on his dick. Stacy stroked him slowly with her left hand. She backed off James' cock until just his head was still in her mouth and wrapped her right hand around its base, jerking it quickly.

"Unhh, that feels good," James groaned,"Now suck him," he said nodding to the guy next to him. Stacy got all the way up on her knees and leaned over James' leg, kissing the guy's cock. She kept stroking both cocks as she licked her tongue over the new one.

Stacy paused for a second, to look back over her shoulder as one of the guys got down on the ground and started rubbing her pussy through her thong. She turned back to the cock in front of her and took a few inches of it into her mouth. His cock was quite a bit bigger than James' and even an inch or so longer than my six inches.

The guy behind her slid her panties to the side and Stacy rocked forward as he plunged his finger into her.

"God her pussy is soaking wet," the guy said. James grabbed the back of Stacy's head and pushed down. She let go of both cocks and gripped the guy's thighs. She started to choke a little, but James just kept pushing until she was kissing the guy's pelvis. Stacy gagged as he held her there for a few seconds and then released her.

Stacy came up, gasping for air, huge amounts of saliva trailing between the cock and her lips, but she quickly went back to work, sucking him furiously. Another guy came up and stood next to her. He let his cock rest on the back of her head as she sucked the current guy.

Stacy switched the guy on the couch from her mouth to her hand and took the new cock into her mouth. Stacy worked her lips up and down his cock quickly. Before long the guy started to breathe heavy and moan.

"Oh god, I'm gonna cum," the guy groaned. Stacy backed off his cock.

"Jerk me off onto your face," the guy said. Stacy paused for a moment, but then closed her eyes and resumed stroking him.

"Yeah, me too," the guy on the couch said, getting to his feet and aiming his cock at her.

Stacy jerked them both until first one and then the other exploded on her. Cum covered her face, a little dripping from her chin onto her red dress below. Stacy opened her eyes, which took some effort as one of them was nearly glued shut with semen. She looked around for a towel, but James grabbed her around the waist and moved her over to the mattress in the middle of the floor. He laid her in the center of the mattress on her back.

James was wearing a condom he had gotten from Jess, while Stacy had been busy getting ejaculated on. HE rubbed his cock over her panties, grinding against her. Stacy wiped the cum from her eye with her hand and rubbed it on the bed.

James slid her panties to the side and nestled the tip of his cock in the lips of her pussy.

"You like my cock?" he asked.

"Uh-huh," Stacy answered. James slowly pushed his cock all of the way into her. He fucked her quickly and soon was on the brink of orgasm. He pulled his cock out and moved around her until he was kneeling over her face. HE ripped the condom off and stroked himself wildly. He groaned as he started to cum and added a third load across her lips and cheek.

James collapsed on the bed next to her, but asked Jess to help Stacy towel off and to remove her dress and panties.

Jess wet a towel and wiped the 3 loads off of Stacy's face, neck and hand. Then she helped Stacy out of her dress and then her thong, until Stacy stood there wearing only a pair of knee-high black stiletto boots and a strapless black bra.

"Who's next?" I asked, pouring another drink for one of the guys.

"Me," Kirk said, unbuttoning his pants. When he dropped his pants I was stunned. He had the kind of cock I thought existed only in pornos. It must've been a foot long and nearly twice as thick as mine. I heard Stacy take a deep breath.

"What do you want?" Stacy asked.

"Can you fit this thing in your mouth?" he asked.

"I can try," Stacy said. Kirk laid down on the mattress, his cock towering above him, and Stacy knealt down between his legs. She wrapped a hand around his cock and started to lick its massive tip.

"Jesus," she said, shaking her head. She took the head into her mouth and stroked him with both hands. Stacy spent a couple of minutes trying to force herself further down, but never really succeeded at getting much past his swollen head.

Eventually Kirk pulled her off and pushed her flat on her stomach next to him. He motioned to Jess, who ripped open a condom and handed it to him. Kirk rolled the condom onto his dick and then grabbed ahold of Stacy's boots, spreading her legs apart. He got behind her, between her legs, and laid his cock against her ass.

"Oh, Jesus," Stacy said. He reached down and placed its massive head against her pussy.

"Hey," I said, tossing him the lube, "Be a gentlemen and lube up that monster." He laughed and opened the tube up, squirting it all over his cock. He tool a moment to spread it around before placing his cock against her again.

"Oh, fuck," Stacy said as he started to push his cock against the lips of her pussy. She shuddered and panted, gripping the bed.

"Oh my fucking-god!" she yelled, tears welling up in her eyes, as Kirk forced the head of his cock inside her.

"Oh-Jesus-be-gentle," she said gasping. Groans of pain passed Stacy's gritted teeth as Kirk slowly pushed more of his cock into her. By the fourth or fifth inch, tears were streaming down her cheeks. When Kirk had pushed about three quarters of his cock into her she cried out in pain into the mattress. He tried to push a little further, but gave up, apparently satisfied that she had taken all she could take.

Stacy breathed a panting sigh of relief as he backed his cock out until just the head was still inside her. He grabbed both her arms, pinning her to the bed, and slowly started to slide his cock in and out of her.

Jess and I exchanged looks of amazement. Kirks first few thrusts were slow, but then he started to speed up.

"God-dammit!" Stacy groaned into the mattress. I reached over and grabbed Jess, pulling her close to me. I squeezed her huge tits through her tank top and grinded against her ass, while we watched Kirk pound Stacy relentlessly with his horsecock.

It wasn't long until Stacy was shouting and her whole body was shaking with a mixture of pain and orgasm.

When Stacy finally stopped shouting and her orgasm subsided, Kirk slowed and the pulled out. He lifted her off her stomach and positioned her on all fours.

"Someone get their cock in her mouth," he said. One of the other guys quickly got down on his knees in front of her. He rubbed his cock on her face before lifting her head a little and pushing the tip of his cock past her lips.

Kirk lined his cock up and then slammed it into her, driving her forward and impaling her throat on the cock in front of her.

Stacy gagged, choked by the cock filling her throat. The cock's owner graciously pulled his cock out of her mouth, giving her a little chance to recover, though Kirk kept fucking her mercilessly. After she caught a couple of breaths she lifted her head and took the guys cock back into her mouth cautiously.

A few of the other guys gathered around, standing over her and stroking their cocks, while Stacy let out grunts and groans, muffled by the cock in her mouth. A couple of the guys shot their loads all over her back while she was still be fucked from both ends.

Soon Kirk pulled out. He yanked his condom off and stroked his massive cock until he exploded all over her ass and lower back. Another guy eagerly took his place and slid his cock into Stacy's battered pussy. Moments later the guy in front of her really started to buck his hips and groan. He told her he wanted her to swallow.

Stacy obediently clamped her lips around the tip of his cock as he started to grunt and shoot his cum down her throat.
