 The next day I started cleaning up while the girls were still sleeping. As I was finishing up in the kitchen Stacy rolled over and climbed out of bed naked. She staggered into the kitchen and poured herself a cup of coffee.

"Was last night a little rough?" I asked her. She just smiled a little and shrugged her shoulders. I set the last of the shot glasses back on the shelf and then kissed her on the cheek. I could hear Jess moving around on the bed, as she pulled on her panties. She got to her feet and then went for the coffee too. I came up behind her and squeezed one of her naked tits, while she poured herself a cup.

"I got some work for you today." 

"Cool," she said.

"I figured Stacy deserved the day off," I said. Jess let out a little laugh.

"You're damn right I'm getting the day off," Stacy said.

"When's the work gonna get here?" Jess asked.

"We're actually gonna go meet your work at 1 o'clock."

Jess looked at her watch. "I better get dressed," she said, kissing me on the cheek.

Jess put on a tight pink sweater, a short jean skirt, a pair of sneakers and we headed across campus, where we found to freshmen eagerly awaiting us in their dorm room. Mike, the short, kinda pudgy one with glasses, locked the door as soon as we were inside. Tim, the taller one, handed me 80 dollars in twenties.

I told Jess to take off her sweater. The two freshmen stared as Jess slowly pulled the sweater over her tits, then her head and then off completely. "They both get a handjob." I squeezed her tits through her black satin bra. "Who's first?" I asked. Tim raised his hand.

"Well take a seat then," I said, motioning to his computer chair. Jess' tits jiggled as she walked across the room, knelt down in front of him and unbuttoned his pants. She jerked his jeans and underwear down to mid-thigh, so his cock was exposed. His cock, which was already completely hard, was about average sized.

The other freshman, Mike, climbed up into his bed and watched as Jess wrapped her hands around his roommate's cock.

She gently squeezed it in her hand. Jess moved her hand up and down, stroking him slowly.

"Oh yeah," he groaned, gripping his chair.

"You like that?" she asked, smiling up at him. 

"Oh fuck yeah," Tim said enthusiastically.

"It's been a while since someone besides you took care of this, huh?"

"It's been a little while," Tim said, breathing heavy. She squeezed his thigh with her left hand, and leaned her head down toward his cock, and gently blowing on the tip of his dick.

"Oh god that's too hot. I'm gonna cum," he groaned.

"That's the idea," Jess said, giving him a sly smile. She sat back up and picked up the pace just a tad. His cock twitched, cum shooting up into the air, landing on and and around his cock and Jess' hand. Tim collapsed back into his chair while Jess finished milking the last of his cum out of his cock.

I grabbed a towel that was hanging on the end of a bed and tossed it to Jess. She wiped her hand off and then got to her feet. She walked over to the bed where Mike laid. It was the kind of dorm bed with room for storage under it, so it came up to Jess waist.

"And I suppose now it's your turn," Jess said, running her hand over the guy's bulge. He nodded meekly. Jess unbuckled his belt and then slipped her hand into his jeans. She rubbed her palm over his cock and then wrapped her fingers around it. He breathed heavy, gripping the bed as she started stroking him inside his jeans.

"You're so pretty," he whimpered. Jess smiled at him and rubbed her left hand over his leg.

"Your hand feels so good," he groaned. His friend in the chair was already hard again and starting to stroke himself, watching Jess working on his roommate's cock.

In less than a minute Mike started moaning uncontrollably. Jess kept stroking him fiercely until the front of his jeans were soaked with semen. She slid her sticky hand out of his pants and wiped it on his bed.

"Thanks boys," I said, picking up Jess' sweater off the floor.

"Ummm . . .," Tim murmured as a sort of interjection.

"Yes?" I asked, slowly turning my gaze in his direction. He sat, his pants pooled around his ankles, with his erection in his hand.

"Is there any way I could get one more?" he asked.

"Do you have another 40 bucks?

"I only have ten on me," he said dejectedly.

"Well that's too-"

"Wait," Jess interrupted. "You think you can get your friends to spend their money on me?" She asked.

"Yeah," he said, "I totally can."

"Yeah?" she said, leaning back against the bed. I smiled, standing there holding her sweater, watching her negotiate with this twice-horny freshman.

"Yeah, I could bring tons of guys."

Jess turned around, bending over the bed and its occupant. She reached back, pulling up her short jean skirt, exposing her lacy white panties.

"How many guys could you bring me this month?" she asked, wiggling her ass a little.

"A dozen, at least," he said.

"You promise to bring me a dozen guys this month and you can fuck me right now," she said, looking back over her shoulder at him, sliding her panties to the side.

"Hell yes," he said, jumping to his feet. Jess whirled around to face him.

"But if you don't bring me a full dozen guys by the end of the month, I will go to the campus police and tell them you raped me. You understand?" Jess asked.

Tim nodded his head.

"Okay," Jess said, turning around and assuming the position again.

I reached into my pocket and pulled out a condom, tossing it to the guy. "Put that on," I said.

He eagerly tore it open and clumsily rolled it onto his cock. He got behind Jess and laid his cock against her ass.

His roommate stared at Jess, who was bent over his lap. He watched as Tim grabbed Jess' waist and humped her ass for a few seconds before he backed up and aimed the tip of his cock at her pussy.

He let out a moan as he slid into her. Her pussy sounded nice and wet as the guy slammed in and out of her.

Mike's eyes were glued on Jess' tits, which were bouncing each time Tim thrust into her. Jess let out a sigh as Tim let go of her waist an reached around in front of her, pulling her tits out of her bra, groping them wildly as he fucked her.

Jess let out a moan and shifted her weight forward a little as he quickened his pace. He grunted, thrusting as hard as he could, pressing her down onto the bed and his roommate. He fucked her furiously, her huge naked tits pressed into his roommate's sticky lap.

"You like that?" he asked gruffly.

"Uhhhh . . . huh. Fuck me harder," she moaned, "make me cum."

He fucked her furiously for several more minutes, lasting much longer than when she had jerked him off. Jess orgasmed bad enough that she had to wrap her arms around his roommate to steady herself.

Afterwards I wrote my number down and some prices that he could tell his friends. Then Jess and I walked back to the apartment, playing a little grab-ass along the way.

That night a handful of guys came by, one of which said that Tim had sent him. Jess sucked off two of them and a third guy she started with her mouth, but finished buried inside her pussy.

Stacy volunteered to jerk off a couple of guys, despite all the talk of her "having the day off". When the guys left, the three of us curled up in our bedroom. Jess and Stacy both stroked me, working their four hands over my chest, my legs and my cock until I came.

The next day I turned the couple of guys who approached me away. I told Jess and Stacy to get dressed up and I took them both to Amici's. The date was strange at first, but we all relaxed, had a few drinks and soon the dynamic felt normal.

When we went back to the apartment we drank a little more. I told the girls that they both looked ravishing in their dresses, Stacy in black and Jess in red.

Stacy said that her pussy was still kind of sore, so when we climbed into bed, Jess lubed up my cock, and helped me ease into Stacy's pussy that had been used so roughly two nights previously.

After a couple minutes I switched to Jess' pussy to giver Stacy a rest, but when I got close I pulled out and climbed back on top of Stacy. She winced and moaned as I slid into her. I didn't last have a dozen thrusts before my cock spurted inside of her. We all collapsed, resting in each other's arms.

The next day when I got up I had a strange email in my inbox. The sender was pfleming@fmu.edu. Paul Fleming was the poetry professor who had taught my intro to poetry class several quarters earlier. The email just said that he had heard about my business, which he put in quotation marks, and that he wondered if we could talk. He ended the email saying that I should drop by his office in the English department.

My mind went over the email in my mind as I put on my Jacket. I didn't like the idea that any faculty knew what was going on. I kissed the girls goodbye and hoofed it over to the English building.

I found his room on the third floor. The door was open and he sat at his desk looking over a paper. He was about 5' 6" and a little overweight. His brown hair was graying significantly and was starting to thin. I figured him to be in his early 60s.

I knocked on his door. He looked up and recognized me. A strange look crossed his face. I guessed a mixture of excitement and nausea.

"Thank you for coming," he said awkwardly. I walked into his office.

"Would you mind shutting the door?" he asked. I shrugged and kicked the door shut behind me.

"What do you know about my 'business'?" I asked roughly, leaning over his desk toward him.

"Umm . . . I Just overheard a couple of guys . . . " he paused for a moment.

"Listen, if you are thinking of saying anything to anyone-"

"No, no!" he yelped, "It's nothing like that . . ."

I relaxed a little.

"Is it true you can pay to fuck Stacy Preston?" he blurted out.

I nodded. "Yeah," I said, dropping into a chair across the desk from him.

"Oh God," he said, shuddering a little, "can I cum inside her?"

"Are you serious?" I asked laughing, "Of course not."

"Please," he begged, "I have plenty of money, I'll pay you whatever you want."

I put my feet up on the desk. I looked at the picture of his wife sitting on the shelf, and tried to guess what she was doing with him.

"Fine. 1500 bucks and you can cum inside her."

"Thank you," he said, breathing a sigh of relief.

"But you'll have to get tested first."

"Tested?" he asked, confused.

"For STDs."

"Oh."

Later that week I went with professor Fleming to the clinic and he got an STD test. The results came back clean after a few days and we arranged to meet at a nearby hotel the next weekend.

When Stacy and I arrived the following Saturday he was waiting for us in the hotel bar, eager, sauced up on red wine and erect.

Stacy ordered a cosmo and I ordered a gin and tonic. We drank them as Professor Fleming drooled over Stacy and her skimpy dress and tried to discreetly adjust his erection.

By the time we finished our drinks he looked like he could hardly take the anticipation any longer. I told him to follow us and we headed up to room 313.

When we got into the room he was giddy as a school girl. He immediately started squeezing Stacy's tits through her dress. Stacy played along, sighing and rubbing her hands over him.

Professor Fleming let out an immense groan as Stacy leaned down and placed a wet kiss on his neck.

"You have no idea how many times I've dreamt of this," he said.

"Oh that's so hot," she said, "Knowing a teacher's been fantasizing about me."

I smiled at how easily Stacy shed her personality and adopted the role of adoring student.

Professor Fleming reached between her legs, lifting her dress a little and rubbing his hand over her panties.

"Oh that feels so good," she said. He guided her toward the bed and laid her down on the creaky hotel bed. He laid down next to her, propping himself up on his left arm and kissing her, driving his tongue into her mouth. With his right hand he spread her legs and pulled her panties to the side. She moaned as he rubbed his fingers over her naked pussy.

Fleming alternated between rubbing her clit and fingering her for a few minutes, drawing a few, of what seemed to be genuine, moans from Stacy.

When he stopped Stacy helped him out of his pants and he climbed on top of her.

His cock was small and it looked even smaller with the extra weight hanging around his waist. He couldn't have been more than four inches long.

As he slid his aged cock inside her she let out a moan, wrapping her legs around him and locking her heels together.

Professor Fleming huffed and panted, fucking her feverishly. Stacy let out moans and sighs, though I couldn't imagine his cock was really doing that much for her.

Within two minutes he started bucking and wailing, starting to cum. Stacy reciprocated, meeting his thrusts until, after some time, he let out a final sigh and collapsed on top of her.

After a few minutes Professor Fleming got up, quickly dressed himself and then awkwardly excused himself.

Stacy cleaned up and we left the hotel, arm in arm. I kept her panties, even though she begged me to give them back.

"I can feel it dribbling down my leg," she whispered on the way out, "the way he came, he must've been saving it up for days."