 It had been nearly two weeks since I had taken control of things and Stacy had started working with Jess. Business was booming. Word had started to get around, and with two girls, we could handle the business.

The freshman Jess had fucked in exchange for some word-of-mouth advertising had already brought in more than the dozen clients he owed. A couple of times he came over, and we let him hang out and watch for free. The night previous he had brought his timid roommate along, and we let him watch too. He left with a raging erection, and I told him to swing by the next day and we'd work something out.

Mid-afternoon he knocked on the door. Jess answered it.

"Hey, Tim," she greeted him.

"Hey Jess," Tim said, "how you doing?"

"Good," she said.

"I really liked that titfuck you gave that guy last night."

"Yeah?" she asked.

"Yeah," he said, "My roommate, mike, wouldn't stop talking about it all the way home.

"I'm glad. I remember Mike," Jess said smiling slightly, "he's the one I held onto while you fucked me right?"

"That's right," Tim said, taking a deep breath. I smiled, noticing the poor guy's erection fighting against the front of his jeans.

"By my count you've brought us 16 guys," I said, "which means you've worked off your debt, plus four extra."

"Tell you what," Jess said, "you bring that four up to another dozen and I'll suck you off."

"But I got to fuck you for dozen last time." Tim looked back and forth between me and Jess.

"Don't look at me," I said, "This is between you and her."

"That was sort of like an introductory offer," Jess informed him, "12 gets you a blow job. But I'll advance you the 8 you are short if you want?"

"Yeah?" Tim asked. 

"Sure," she said.

"What about Stacy? Could I get the blow job from her?" Tim said suddenly. Jess shrugged, "Fine with me. She's in the shower right now."

"Really?"

"Yep."

"Are you serious?" Tim asked.

"Completely," Jess nodded.

"So I can go in there . . .?"

"Is that what you want?" She asked.

"Uh-huh," Tim said nodding.

"Then strip down," Jess ordered.

Tim quickly kicked his shoes off and then dropped his pants. He pulled his shirt over his head and tossed it aside, then stood with his hands at his side, his cock pointing at the ceiling.

"Follow me," Jess said, turning and walking toward the bathroom. Tim followed her closely. I smiled to myself and followed them.

Jess pushed the door open slowly and stepped in. "Stacy, you've got a visitor."

"Huh?" Stacy said. She pulled the curtain aside a little and saw Jess, with Tim behind her, naked, peeking into the bathroom.

"We owe Tim, and he picked you to work off our debt," Jess said, "So he's gonna jump in the shower with you and you are gonna suck his cock."

Stacy shrugged, "Well get in here then," Stacy said, pulling the shower curtain open a little more, revealing her soaking wet body, before disappearing behind the curtain again.

"Yes ma'am," Tim said, squeezing past Jess as he moved toward the shower, his erect cock brushing against her.

"Oh god you have an amazing body," he told her as he climbed in. Jess moved closer, so she could see all the way into the shower.

"Turn around," Stacy told him. Tim turned his back to her and looked excitedly at Jess. Stacy grabbed a bar of soap and lathered up her hands. She reached around him with one hand rubbed the suds all over his balls. He moaned as she rolled his balls around in her hand. He let out a whimper as she gripped his shaft and took a half-step closer to him, pressing her tits against his back. She stroked him, soaping up his cock.

After a few seconds Stacy spun him around by the cock so the water rained down on the front of him, washing the soap off his dick.

Stacy pushed him up against the cold tile wall. She got down on her knees in front of him, the water cascading over her drenched blonde hair.

"Oh fuck," he said, as she opened her mouth wide and lowered it onto his cock, quickly pushing her lips most of the way to the base.

Stacy worked quickly, sucking and bobbing furiously. Tim groaned louder and louder, gripping the back of her head and then the soap shelf for balance.

After a minute and a half Tim looked like he could barely stand and his moans had grown louder.

"Make him cum on your tits," Jess said. Stacy took her mouth off his cock but kept stroking, "So now he gets to cum on my tits?" she asked, looking at her.

"Oh god," Tim panted.

"C'mon, you're in the shower, it'll wash right off," Jess argued.

"Oh jesus-god," Tim whimpered.

"Fine," Stacy said, looking up at Tim and aiming his cock more directly at her tits. He groaned and exploded, spurt after spurt raining down on her glistening wet breasts.

After Tim cleaned up and left, I told the girls what was in store for the evening.

"Do you know Richie Martin?" I asked them.

"No," Stacy answered.

"I do," Jess said, "He's that nerdy computer wiz that was valedictorian last year right?"

"Yeah," I nodded. "Now he runs some tech start-up company and has loads of cash."

"So we're gonna fuck him?" Stacy asked.

"Not exactly. You know Kendra Redmann?"

"That bitch that's the head of Pi-Beta-Pi?" Stacy asked with a sneer.

"Yeah, that's her." I said "She is Richie's girlfriend-"

"No fucking way." Jess said.

"Yes fucking-way," I said sarcastically. "He's got loads of money and there is nothing that makes girls like Kendra get wetter than loads of money."

"So wait," Stacy said quizzically, "what the fuck is going on?"

"I ran into Richie at the bars a few nights ago. He told me he was with Kendra, but that he had just found out that she has been cheating on him. See Kendra would do anything to keep him. She already has her heart set on a mansion and a Mercedes Benz, so she agreed to fuck a couple of girls." I explained.

"That's where we come in?" Jess asked.

"Are you fucking serious? Kendra Redmann?" Stacy snapped.

"Calm down," I said, "It might actually be fun." I grabbed a bag off the couch and dumped two strap-ons out on the counter, a pink one, about 7 inches and a big foot long black one.

"Ooh." Jess said, picking up the massive black one.

"Nice try," Stacy said, snatching it away from her, "Remember Kirk? If I have to take a foot of cock, it's only fair I should get to give it."

I laughed and Jess nodded and said "Sounds fair." Stacy held the massive rubber cock in place and thrust it toward me playfully a couple of times. "See how you like it," she said in a mock-tough voice.

Jess laughed and picked up her pink cock off the table.

An hour and a half later I parked my car in front of Richie's house, which looked like it was worth at least half a million, though it probably wasn't worth quite that.

"Not bad," Stacy said.

"Yeah," Jess added looking at me, "You should get a place like this."

"Yeah, okay," I chuckled. We went up to the door and Richie let us in. I introduced him to the girls and he smiled and shook their hands. 

"Where's Kendra?" I asked.

"She's up in the bedroom waiting," he said.

"Well, let's head up."

Upstairs we found Kendra sitting on Richie's king-size bed, wearing only a dog collar. She had a beautiful face and a tight, well-toned body, just a few inches over five foot. She had her blonde hair pulled back in a tight pony-tail.

"Hey Kendra," Stacy said smirking.

"Hey Stacy," she answered grimacing.

"You can use the bathroom if you need to change," Richie said, pointing toward the master bathroom.

"Sure," Jess said, heading in followed by Stacy. A few minutes later the girls emerged, each barefoot, wearing a lacy bra and panties set. 

Jess' brown hair just touched her the straps of her lacy black bra, that strained to contain her massive amazing tits. The pink strap-on she wore was sticking straight out.

Stacy's long blond hair came down to the middle of her back. She was wearing a matching bra and panties set, white with pink polka-dots. She rubbed her hand over her flat stomach and touched the tip of the foot-long black strap-on she was wearing. Kendra stared at the huge strap-on an then looked over at Richie. who just shrugged.

He walked over to Kendra and guided her up onto the bed. "Have your way with her ladies," he said.

Jess walked over to the bed, her big tits and her plastic cock bouncing. She climbed onto the bed, kneeling next to Kendra's head. She laid the pink plastic cock against Kendra's cheek.

"I'm Jess by the way," she said smiling.

"Oh," Richie said, "I'm sorry, Jess this is Kendra. Kendra, this is Jess."

"Thanks," Jess said winking at him. She reached under Kendra's head. holding the back of her head and turning her face toward the strap-on. She pushed on the back of Kendra's head until Kendra's lips opened and the pink cock pushed a few inches into her mouth. Jess guided her head so she bobbed up and down slowly sucking on the strap-on.

Stacy looked through one of the bags we'd brought and pulled out a small egg-shaped vibrator. She climbed onto the bed and spread Kendra's legs and pressed the vibrator against her clit. Kendra shuddered a little but kept sucking on Jess strap-on.

"Oh, you like that huh?" Jess said. Kendra just closed her eyes and Jess pushed another inch and a half into Kendra's mouth. Stacy slid two fingers into Kendra's pussy, slowly pumping them in and out, still holding the egg in place.

It didn't take long for the little sex toy to vibrate her clit to the point that her whole body was shaking.

Kendra panted into Jess' strap-on. Jess thrust, forcing the plastic cock even deeper into her throat. Stacy sped up the vibration setting on the sex toy and Kendra slammed her palms down on the bed, gripping the sheets. She tried to grit her teeth, biting down on the dildo in an attempt to stifle her moan.

Jess grabbed Kendra's pony-tail and pulled her mouth off the strap-on. Turning to Richie Jess said "I hope she doesn't treat your cock like that." She moved down the bed and nudged Stacy aside. She gripped Kendra around the waist and then flipped her over, getting her propped up on her knees and elbows.

Jess moved closer to her and rested the dildo against Kendra's ass. Kendra's face was still buried in the bed and she was trying to catch her breath.

Richie smile as he watched Jess rubbing her strap-on over Kendra's firm ass. Then Jess pulled back, wrapped her hand around the pink plastic cock and slowly pushed its head into Kendra's pussy.

Stacy pressed herself up against Jess' back, her massive black strap-on sandwiched between them. She reached around Jess to play with Kendra's clit, causing her to let out a little groan into the bed.

"Somebody is sopping wet," Stacy announced, smiling and straightening up. She reached around Jess and pulled on the cups of her lacy black bra until Jess' tits cascaded over the cups, exposed. Stacy kneaded one massive breast with both of her small hands as Jess slowly slid in and out of Kendra.

After a minute Jess leaned forward so she could fuck faster, and her big breasts pressed against Kendra's back. Stacy climbed off the bed, undid the straps of her strap-on and took the massive black dildo off.

Kendra shake with orgasm as Jess fucked her faster and faster. Kendra let out a moan and collapsed onto her stomach. Jess kept fucking her thrusting into her even harder.

Stacy peeled off her panties and climbed back onto the bed. She laid down on her back with her legs spread in front of Kendra. Stacy grabbed her by the pony-tail and lifted her head.

"Oh God," Kendra panted. Stacy lowered Kendra's mouth onto her pussy. Kendra let out a yelp as Jess thrust into her as hard as she could. She whimpered, her lips pressed into Stacy's pussy.

"C'mon," Jess taunted her, still pounding, "work that tongue." Kendra stuck out her tongue and tried to lick at Stacy's pussy but her breathing was ragged from lack of breath and her body rocked back and forth from Jess' continuous thrusting.

After a few minutes Jess pulled out, eliciting a small moan from Kendra. Kendra caught her breath for a few moments before starting to lick more effectively at Stacy's clit.

Just as Stacy was starting to breathe a little heavy, and edge towards a climax, Jess picked up the big black dildo Stacy had discarded.

"I think Kendra's ready for a little more," Jess said smiling. Stacy laughed and got up onto her knees, taking the strap-on from Jess, and starting to put it on. Jess rolled Kendra onto her back and Stacy got between her legs. She laid the weighty mass of the strap-on against Kendra's pussy.

"It's too big," Kendra said squirming.

"You'll be fine," Jess said, "Who knows, you might even like it." She reached down, grabbed a hold of Stacy's big dildo and liberally coated it with lube.

Stacy leaned forward and slowly pressed the tip of the big black plastic cock against Kendra's pussy. Kendra closed her eyes and winced as the tip slowly started spreading the lips of her pussy apart. She gritted her teeth, breathing in and out through her nose quickly, as Stacy pushed the head of the strap-on inside her.

"Fuck-nggh-Fuck," Kendra shouted. Stacy pushed the cock a little deeper. Then she very slowly start to pump the thick dildo in and out of Kendra's tight, strained pussy, pushing it just a little deeper with each slow thrust.

Kendra's eyes were rolled back into her head. Her whole body was shaking. She was gripping the sheets so hard they had pulled part way off the mattress. 

"It's too big . . . It's too fucking big," Kendra panted, looking over at Richie, tears welling up in her eyes.

"That's enough," Richie said.

"What?" Jess exclaimed, "She's barely started."

"It's fine, it's plenty." He said.

"Richie, I thought-" I tried to interject.

"I'm serious."

"Alright, fine." I said, "C'mon let's go," I said to the girls. Stacy shrugged and extracted the massive black strap-on from Kendra's pussy, eliciting a sigh of relief from her.

"Well fuck," Jess said, gathering up her and Stacy's clothes. Richie handed me a few hundred dollar bills and then me and the girls headed downstairs. As we left the room I saw him climb onto the bed and wrap his arms around her.