 When we got back to the apartment we started drinking. It was nice to have most of a night with just the three of us. We poured drinks, turned some music on and eventually all ended up on the couch.

I set down my whiskey and coke and put an arm around each of them. I let my hands wander over them while we talked and laughed.

"That was fun," Jess said.

"Yeah," Stacy agreed. "Too bad Ritchie wimped out, I hardly even got to use my cock."

"Poor you," I said with mock sympathy, "you know it's not every girl that can handle a big cock the way you can."

"She woulda been fine," Stacy laughed.

"I could take it," Jess said.

"What?" I asked, "You want that monster inside you?"

She shrugged her shoulder, sort of smiling with her eyes. "I don't know . . . maybe."

""You totally should," Stacy said, turning to Jess and leaning across me, "I promise I won't be too rough. It'll hurt some, but you'll cum like crazy."

I looked over at Jess. "Do you want to?"

"Sure," she said nodding.

"Awesome," Stacy said. She got up and unbuttoned her jeans, letting them fall to the ground.

"Let's let her get a few more drinks in her first," I said.

"Fine," Stacy said. She sat back down, without her pants. She fidgeted as Jess and I worked on finishing our drinks. Stacy got up off the couch and pulled off her shirt. She dug through the bag on the floor and pulled out the big 11" black strap-on.

As Jess and I finished out drinks Stacy strapped the big dildo on. We made her pour us a couple more drinks before we consented to go to the bedroom.

Stacy and I undressed Jess and laid her on the bed, the huge weight of Jess's tits flattening them out some. Stacy rubbed her hand across Jess's pussy. "Go down on her," she said to me, "she needs to be soaking wet.

I climbed onto the bed and Jess smiled down at me. I spread her pussy open a little with my fingers. I nudged her legs a little further apart and lowered my mouth to her pussy. I slowly massaged her clit with my tongue. She took a deep breath and reached down, running her fingers through my hair.

Stacy climbed onto the bed and laid down next to Jess, on her side, the big strap-on pressed into Jess's ribs. "You ever kissed a girl before?" Stacy asked.

"No," Jess said, "Have you?"

"A couple," Stacy answered as she leaned in and kissed Jess's lips. Stacy grabbed ahold of one of Jess's breasts and slipped her tongue into her mouth. They kissed deeply as I flicked my tongue back and forth over Jess's clit. I heard her let out a little moan into Stacy's lips.

Stacy broke off the kiss and stared into Jess's eyes. "Wrap your hands around my cock." Jess's breath was heavy and she let out a gasp as I drove my tongue all the way inside her. She reached her arm across her stomach and wrapped her hand around the monster dildo. She stroked Stacy's strap-on and Stacy laid back down on her side. She kissed Jess on the neck and then on her cheek, "Soon it's going to stretch you to the limit."

Jess let out a moan and started to gasp for air as I moved my tongue back to her clit and slid two fingers into her. I licked at her clit furiously and pumped my fingers in and out of her.

"Is she wet enough?" Stacy asked.

"She's sopping wet," I said. Stacy got up onto her knees and nudged me aside. She climbed between Jess's legs and laid the massive plastic cock against her pussy. Stacy leaned her face down close to Jess's.

"Tell me if I hurt you," Stacy kissed her lips and slowly pushed the tip of the big black cock against her drenched pussy. I laid next to the two of them, Jess's whole body shuddering from the girth of the cock's head. I pressed my rock hard cock against her leg and let out a heavy breath on her arm.

She turned to me, barely able to breathe. Stacy held her by the hips and slowly tried to push another inch or two into her.

Jess breathed in and out rapidly, practically hyperventilating. "Kiss me," she let slip between breaths. I kissed her lips. I felt her quick exhales blowing little breaths of air into my mouth. Then she broke the kiss and let out a loud groan. She gripped me by the back of the head and pulled my face tightly into her shoulder.

"Fuck me, that is big," she groaned at the first six inches of the cock that were inside her. I placed long slow kisses on her shoulder as she panted. Stacy slowly eased the cock all the way out of her. She brushed her long blonde hair out of the way and then slowly started to push the dildo back into her. She leaned down and kissed Jess. She let go of her side and slipped her hand under Jess's neck, kissing her deeper and pressing her breasts against Jess's.

I grinded my member against Jess's leg, my breath starting to get short, almost overwhelmed by the sight of the two of them. I ran my hand over them, touching both their breasts where they were pressed together.

I reached down and grabbed ahold of Stacy's firm butt as she slowly began to rhythmically fuck Jess's sopping, stretched cunt with the front half of the strap-on. I caressed her ass, bare except for the straps fixing the big plastic cock to her. "God you are both so sexy," I said.

Jess breathed in and out quickly, through gritted teeth.

"Are you doing okay?" Stacy asked her. Jess managed a nod. Stacy began to push a little more of the dick inside her with each slow thrust.

"Oh Jesus!" Jess yelled and reached down, grabbing ahold of my throbbing cock. She gripped it hard and started to stroke me.

From where I laid I caught glimpses of the action. I watched Jess's pussy swallow just a little more with each of Stacy's measured thrusts.

"Fuck . . . Fuck," Jess whimpered, her whole body shaking from the strap-on's girth. I could feel her hand trembling as she stroked me. "Fuck it is huge!" She panted to me, though obviously not referring to the cock in her hand.

When almost three quarters of the meaty plastic cock was sliding into her with each thrust Stacy started to fuck her faster.

"Unghh . . . huh, oh god," Jess moaned, "Oh god, my pussy." Stacy slowed and then stopped thrusting and collapsed on top of Jess, the monster dildo still buried inside her. Stacy turned her head a little so her lips were almost touching Jess's cheek.

"Does it feel huge?" She asked her.

"Fuck, it's so big," Jess said, catching her breath a little.

"I know, right?" Stacy said smiling. She kissed Jess's cheek and reached down. She looped an arm under each of Jess's legs and pushed them up toward Jess's heaving chest.

"Holy Fuck!" Jess screamed. Stacy put her weight against Jess's shins and started to rock the big black cock in and out of her.

"Oh Jesus Fuck, Jesus Fuck." Jess's hand was still limply wrapped around my cock but had ceased any real stroking. "It's too big . . . It's too big."

"You like my big cock?" Stacy asked, fucking her harder.

"Unggh . . . Fuck Stacy. Jesus!" Jess yelled, tossing her head from side to side, her knees bouncing into her massive tits with each forceful thrust Stacy delivered.

"Oh jesus . . ." Jess whimpered. She was biting down on her lip and trying to breathe in and out quickly at the same time. I leaned over and slowly kissed her temple and then her brow.

"Oh it's too much," Jess pleaded, waves of pleasure and pain shooting through her each time Stacy slammed the cock into her. "Gunhh . . . Dammit."

"You like my big black cock?" Stacy asked, panting with exertion and excitement. Her big breasts shaking as she pounded Jess's pussy.

"Ung-JESUS-gh-GOD . . . Yes!" Jess groaned through gritted teeth. I was rock hard and I couldn't take it any more. I wrapped my arm over Stacy and started thrusting furiously against Jess's limp hand.

"Oh fuck it feels good," she said, her whole body trembling.

"Yeah?" Stacy grunted.

"I love it . . . Fuck me with your big black cock Stace!" I thrust my cock roughly against Jess's smooth palm and fingers. She was oblivious, lost in a chain of hazy, blurred together orgasms.

I groaned as my cock began to spasm. I exploded, splattering cum across her hand and the outside of her thigh.

I collapsed and watched Stacy ease up and after another couple minutes, stop and pull the massive cock out of Jess's pussy.

Stacy climbed off of Jess and snuggled up next to me, the length of her massive, dripping, strap-on pressing against my hip as we all drifted off to sleep.

I awoke the next morning to Jess bitching about how sore she was.

"You asked for it," I said chuckling. We spent the morning lounging around, Jess applying ice to her somewhat abused pussy. I checked my phone and my email and found a number of emails from guys eager to get their hands on Stacy of Jess.

That night 18 guys showed up, more than ever before, probably at least partially because the girls hadn't been available the night before. The apartment was practically overflowing with young college guys with hard-ons, me included.

We ended up putting Jess in the computer room and Stacy in the living room. The guys waiting their turn would often bounce back and forth between the two rooms, trying to catch all the action. 

Stacy and I had agreed that Jess wouldn't have to fuck anyone, so she could rest her pussy, but she gave tons of handjobs, often two at a time. She sucked off a half-dozen guys and gave a couple of impressive titfucks.

Stacy had a little less work on the handjob side, but she fucked the four guys who wanted intercourse.

We ran out of towels early on in the night, so I tried to encourage guys to pay the extra thirty bucks to get the girls to swallow, leading to both the girls swallowing at least a handful of loads.

Tim and his roommate Mike were amongst the crowd, a number of whom Tim had brought. Tim hadn't quite worked off his word-of-mouth advertising debt that he owed from the blowjob Stacy had given him in the shower the day before, but he brought some cash, and bough a handjob from Stacy.

Mike didn't get any action, but spent almost all his time in the computer room watching Jess dole out handjobs and blowjobs.

After almost everyone had left and we were starting to clean up Mike spoke up.

"Jess . . . " he said nervously.

"Yeah?" she asked, by this time naked except for a cute pair of black and white striped, boy cut panties.

"Well . . . see . . . well, I've got forty dollars . . . " He said looking at the floor.

"And? . . ." Jess asked, looking at him quizzically, "You want a handjob?"

"No. Err, yeah I do . . . but I was wondering if maybe sometime I could take you out to dinner . . . and then you know . . . afterwards you could maybe give me the handjob."

Jess looked at him, a little surprised by the request. "Umm , so you want to take me out to dinner, and then you want me to give you a handjob?"

"I'd pay for the handjob," he blurted out, "and for dinner too, of course."

Jess shrugged. "I don't know about dinner. You can take me to lunch tomorrow if you want."

"And then afterwards you'll jerk me off?" Mike asked, more than a little excited. 

"As long as you've got forty dollars after you pick up the check tomorrow." Mike nodded enthusiastically. They settled on 11:30, and Mike and Tim took off.

"So what was that?" I asked Jess.

She shrugged. "What?" she said, "It's work, plus I get free lunch." Stacy and I just shook our heads and chuckled.

"What ever," I said.

The next day Jess returned from the lunch date in the mid afternoon to find Stacy and I laying naked on the couch. She was wearing a short jean skirt and a really low-cut lacy white top held up by spaghetti straps. 

Tacy and I had spent the day mostly talking about needing to get a bigger place, speculating about how Jess's "date" might be going, with a little bit of vigorous fucking for good measure.

"So, how'd it go?" I asked smiling.

"Fine," She said

"So let's hear some details," Stacy urged her.

"We went to lunch, and then I gave him a handjob."

"That's hardly details," Stacy said.

"Yeah," I said, "Like where you went to lunch, that would be a detail."

"So that's what you want details about? My lunch?" Jess asked.

"Well no, not really but-"

"Well we went to that little cafe over on 4th street. You know, right next to the pharmacy. I had a chicken salad croissant and a diet coke. How's that for details?"

"And the sandwich, was it good?" I asked smirking.

"It was delicious," Jess said, letting a little giggle slip. "Then we went back to his dorm room. He gave me the forty bucks, and I made out with him for a little bit and then jerked him off."

"Interesting," I said. "Shirt on or off?"

"On," Jess nodded, "But I pulled my tits out."

"I bet he liked that," Stacy added.

"Like you wouldn't believe. He had a picture of his parents on his desk and his mom has an enormous rack. I mean serious back problems enormous, so that might have something to do with it."

"Where did he cum?" Stacy asked.

"He asked if he there was any way he could cum on my tits, but I told him that cost extra. He said he didn't have the money. For a second I thought about letting him anyway, for taking me out to lunch, but I decided he was getting way more then a regular forty dollar hand job. I ended up just jerking him off onto his bed."

"Was Tim there watching?" Stacy asked.

"No, Mike said he asked Tim to make himself scarce for a couple of hours."

"Very interesting," I said. "How's your pussy feeling?"

"It's still a little sore."

"You want to fuck anyone tonight or not?"

"I don't know. We'll see how it goes," Jess shrugged.