 Thanks to everyone who has voted and especially to those who have commented. My story output correlates roughly with the amount of feedback I get.

***

I got each of them a beer. Stace knelt down in front of Tim and then Jess got to her knees in front of Mike.

The girls unbuckled the guBy the middle of the next week I had found us a big four bedroom house to rent that was only a block off campus. It was good because the apartment was crammed full most nights and almost unbearable on Fridays and Saturdays.

I bought a big California King mattress and put it in the master bedroom. Jess and Stacy spent an inordinate amount of time moving our dressers back and forth and arguing about where the bed should go, but eventually they settled on a configuration they could both agree on.

Tim and Mike spent all day helping us move all of the stuff out of Me & Stace's apartment and Jess' apartment. When they finally dragged the last of the furniture in, our big couch, they set it down and then collapsed on it.

ys' belts and unzipped their pants, pulling them down to the floor.

Mike, who was entirely infatuated with Jess, had until this point only gotten two handjobs from her. He almost spilled his beer in excitement when Jess ran her hands over his thighs and then leaned forward, resting her huge tits on his knees like they were some sort of shelf built to hold massive breasts.

The green t-shirt she was wearing normally showed just a hint of cleavage, but the "hint" grew exponentially in her current position. She grabbed ahold of his cock, stuck her tongue out and barely licked the tip of his dick.

Stacy already had her mouth around Tim's cock and was bobbing her head up and down at a steady pace. Tim leaned his head back.

"Oh fuck yeah," he groaned.

On the other side of the couch, after a few slow kisses and licks, I lost faith in Mike's ability to keep his beverage upright and I plucked the beer out of his hand. He didn't seem to mind, and quickly moved his hands to the sides of Jess' big breasts, squeezing and rubbing them through her t-shirt and bra, as she took his cock deeper into her mouth.

Despite Tim's head start, Mike was quickly groaning that he was going to lose it. Jess sucked for a few more seconds and then she sat up and stroked his wet cock hard and fast.

With on hand gripping the armrest and the other clamped firmly to her breast, Mike moaned wildly as Jess pushed his t-shirt up. Mike exploded, cumming all over his stomach and Jess' still pumping hand. She wiped her hand across a dry spot on his side while he laid with his head back and his eyes closed, trying to catch his breath.

A minute or two later Stacy repeated roughly the same process with Tim's cock.

We put out the word that we had moved and I told Tim and Mike that if they hung around the old apartment for the evening and pointed people our way, that the girls would pay them back with handjobs later.

There was a few less guys than usual, but the girls still worked their way through quite a crowd.

The next morning I found an email from a rebecca.a.fleming@hotmail.com in my inbox. The email stated that she had a business proposition for me and had a number to call. I called the number and tried to get some answers, but she insisted that she would answer any questions I had if I met her for lunch, so I agreed to meet her at an upscale downtown restaurant she named.

When I arrived, my assumption was confirmed. I recognized her from the picture in Professor Fleming's office. She looked to be in her mid-fifties. She was thin and not much over five foot. While her breasts might have looked small on a different woman, on her frame they looked quite ample. She wore her dark brown hair in a sharp bob that almost touched her collar. There were definitely wrinkles on her face, but not nearly so much as most women her age.

I slipped into the seat across from her.

"You must be Rebecca," I said.

"That's right," she answered, smiling at me.

"What's the proposition you have for me?"

"Shouldn't we at least order first?" she said with a smirk.

"Ummm . . . Okay." I grabbed a menu and flipped through it. After a minute the waiter stopped by. "I'll take this." I pointed at the menu "Coconut-encrusted Salmon Panninni. With a coke." She ordered a blackened chicken caeser salad and a glass of scotch. I raised my eyebrow at her. She just smiled at me until the waiter had walked away.

"I know my husband cheated on me. And I know you helped arrange it," she said coolly.

"I assumed as much," I replied, taking my napkin and unfolding it on my lap. "How'd you find out?"

"He wrote all about it in his poetry journal."

"Not wise," I sighed. "What is it you want to do about it?"

"How much did he pay you?" she asked.

"Are you sure you want to know that?"

"Yes."

I shrugged. "He paid me a thousand dollars."

"Well," she said, "I'll pay you, well actually I want him to pay you, another thousand, if you can arrange for me to get fucked."

"Okay . . . " I said.

"What I want is . . . " She trailed off as the waiter approached with our drinks. She took a big sip from her scotch and then continued. "I want to be fucked by three guys at once. While he watches."

"Hmmm . . . I don't really have any guys working for me . . . " I said.

She shrugged. "Well you seem like a bright enough lad. I'm sure you can figure something out." She took another sip from her scotch. "Oh, and if he gets to run all over town, dumping his seed into co-eds, I want them to cum inside me."

"That was in the poem?" I asked.

"It was many poems. He has a very descriptive style."

"Look, I'll see what I can do," I said, "When and where would you want to do it?"

"I want to do it in our bedroom. And I can clear any night."

Our lunch came and we ate it. She asked me questions about school, interspersed with questions about my cock, and whether or not i might be one of the three guys.

When I told Jess and Stacy about it, they were all for it. Stacy said "It was about time I spent a little time in the saddle," and Jess wisely pointed out that I could probably get Tim and Mike to be my number two and three.

I went over to their dorm and talked to them. They both felt a little weird about getting my sloppy seconds, but I told them I'd give them 100 dollars in credit each, and that convinced them. Mike insisted on asking Jess if it was okay with her, which she thought was adorable, but assured him they were in no way dating.

I called her up and arranged it for the night after the next, a Thursday. The girls assured me they could handle themselves for a night.

We pulled up to the house a little early. They had a nice old house, not too far off of campus.

Tim, Mike and I sat in my car and passed around a pint of whiskey. I figured it would loosen them up a bit. When the bottle was empty I tucked it under my seat and we got out of the car.

A familiar face answered the door. Professor Fleming. The image of his old, portly, naked body on top of Stacy, his un-impressive cock sliding into her, passed through my mind.

He wouldn't quite look any of us in the eye, but he asked us to come in and then led us up to the bedroom.

His wife Rebecca was lying on the bed, on her side. She was smiling at us, wearing only a lacy black bra and panties set and a black pair of high heels.

"Welcome boys." She got to her feet and hugged each of us as I introduced her to Mike and Tim.

"Well, first things first," she turned to her husband who continued to examine his loafers, "Paul . . . would you be a dear and pay the man?"

Professor Fleming swallowed and then reached into his pocket, producing several 50s and 100s folded in half. I took them and stuffed them into my jeans.

"Alright," Rebecca smiled, "Now that that's taken care of, let's get you three naked."

I nodded to them and we all started to strip off our clothes. She ran her hands over our bodies, playfully giving each cock a little stroke as it was revealed. When all three of us were naked she turned to her husband. She grabbed his hand and led him over to a recliner in the corner of the room near the bed.

"Paul, you sit here, so you've got a good view of everything." With that she turned and hopped onto the bed. "Let's get started."

I climbed onto the bed, kneeling between her legs. I slipped my fingers into the waistband of her panties and peeled them off, lifting her legs straight up in the air, to get them over her heels.

She let out a sigh as I laid my body on top of her five foot frame, my cock pressing against the outside of her pussy. We kissed and I felt her tongue flit across my lip.

I cupped the back of her head and kissed her deeply. Our tongues swirled in her mouth as I grinded my erection against her. When I broke from the kiss she panted a little and said, "You taste like whiskey. I like that."

I kissed her neck and shoulder and raised my hips, positioning the tip of my cock against the lips of her pussy. She let out a little gasp as I began to slowly push into her. She was soaking wet, but her pussy still felt incredibly tight around my cock. 

"Oh jesus, that feels good," she groaned, "I forgot what a real cock feels like." I heard Professor Fleming let out a deep breath in the corner. She kissed my ear, breathing heavy as I started to slide in and out of her at a modest pace.

She let her head fall to the side, her cheek resting against the bed, looking at her husband as I thrusst my cock deep inside her.

"Open your eyes Paul," she ordered. I kissed the top of her breasts and fucked her faster. "If I look over there and your-unggh-" Rebecca looked at me and let out a couple of quick breaths. "God you're so much bigger than he is." she turned back to Paul who was now staring straight at her. "If I look over there and your eyes are closed or-unggh-or looking down at the floor or anywhere-whuhh-but glued to the action, we'll do this all over again next week."

I pushed her knees up towards her chest a ways. He heels knocked against my side as I fucked her hard and fast.

She started to seriously pant. Her body shook with the beginnings of an orgasm. She gripped the bed "Oh god, oh god . . ." she siad, her voice quivering, "jesus Paul, he's so much bigger than you!"

"Oh fuck," I groaned, slamming my cock into her again and again.

"You gonna cum?" she panted.

I nodded, grunting. 

"Oh, cum inside me. Fill me up."

I lost it. My cock exploded, blasting cum deep inside her.

"Oh god yes," she groaned, "god that feels good."

I moaned and rolled off of her. I looked over at Tim and motioned to him. He climbed onto the bed, looking down at her dripping, used pussy. He looked around the room, at me and Mike, and then at Professor Fleming in the corner and then back at Rebecca. He reached around her with one hand and grabbed ahold of her ass and then plunged his dick into her cum drenched cunt. Lust quickly battled down any inhibitions he might have had left and he fucked her vigorously. 

I watched Professor Fleming squirm in his seat a little as wrapped her legs around him, locking her heels, and begged to be fucked harder.

After several minutes Tim grunted and groaned and slowed for the last few thrusts as he emptied his cock into her.

When Tim dismounted, Rebecca caught her breath for a moment and then rolled onto all fours, and moved down to the corner of the bed directly accross from her husband. She positioned herself so that she was looking him directly in the eye.

Mike climbed onto the bed and got behind her. Had he been first or second I think he would have been more nervous, but the show so far seem to give him courage and he grabbed ahold of her waist and stuffed his cock into her cream-filled pussy.

"Oh that's it," she moaned, eyes locked with her husbands, "that's how a cock should feel."

Mike slammed in and out of her as fast as he could. She hung her head, panting, as ripples of pleasure shook through her body.

She looked over at me where I leaned against the wall. My cock was already stiff again.

"Come over here and I'll help you with that," she said.

I shrugged and moved over to her, standing directly in front of her, my cock a few inches from her face. She reached up with one hand and moved me over to the side so I wasn't blocking her husband's view. Then she tilted her head to the side and took my cock in her mouth. I could tell she hadn't given very many blowjobs. She struggled to fit very much of me in her mouth and I felt her teeth against my cock several times.

She couldn't have been sucking for more than a minute when Mike started to grunt wildly and his cock started spurting a third load into her. He collapsed back onto the bed sort of just staring at her pussy and the work he had done to it.

Rebecca took her mouth off of my cock. She kissed the tip a couple of times, looking up at me. "I want you inside me one last time," she said.

"Oh, jesus-" Professor Fleming started.

"Paul, don't you dare ruin this for me," she said sternly. Then she looked back up at me again.

"That wasn't part of the deal," I said.

"Please?" she asked, "We'll make a new deal. I need to feel your cock one last time."

I looked down at her as she placed gentle kisses all over my cock. "I want you to come work for me," I said. She nodded. "Four nights."

"Oh my-"

"Paul!" she shouted. "Okay."

"For free, and you'll do everything I ask, is that clear?" I asked.

She nodded.

"Alright then." I started to climb onto the bed.

"Wait," she said stopping me. She got off of the bed and went over to the side of the chair her husband was in. She bent herself over the armrest and put her hands on the armrest on the farside. I stood behind her and rested my cock against her ass. I unclasped her bra and she lifted each arm in turn so she could peel it off as I reached around to cup her tits, roughly squeezing them. Professor Fleming's face was only inches from my arm, and his breathing was erratic.

"Look who's got an erection," she said, looking down at her husband's lap. I gripped her by the hips and drove my cock into her overflowing pussy. Rivers of the three-part-cum-cocktail streamed down the inside of her thighs as I slid easily into her. Her pussy was nowhere near as tight as the first time we had fucked.

She groaned as I slid my cock in and out of her sperm-lubricated pussy. Professor Fleming let out a little grunt and reached a hand down to his groin.

"Don't you dare play with yourself," she said, slapping his hand away, "this isn't for your enjoyment."

Her body rocked with each powerful thrust I delivered. I fucked her roughly and soon she had leaned so far forward, she was pressing her face into the far armrest, whimpering as I fucked her as hard and fast as I could. Even with no restraint whatsoever I lasted atleast as long as my first round. She had essentially collapsed over the chair and her husband's lap when I finally injected a fourth and final load into her.

We all cleaned ourselves off, before getting dressed and I told Rebecca I'd call her about working off her debt. She had recovered a little by the time we were dressed and she walked us down to the door, giving each of us a hug, wearing nothing but her high heels and more than he share of cum.

We headed back to the new house. We grabbed a couple of beers and watched the girls work their way through the last several customers. Mike and Tim hung around for a while after all the customers left and we indulged the girls with a detailed blow by blow of the evening, which delighted them both greatly. I asked the guys if they wanted to spend any of their credit then, but they decided to save it for a different night and departed. Each of us exhausted, Stacy, Jess and I made our way to the master bedroom and collapsed in eachothers' arms.