 Thanks to everyone who has voted and especially to those who have posted comments. The more response I get the faster I pump out stories.

* * *

The next day I called Rebecca and we talked about what night she might come over to start working off her debt. I told her I wanted to give her a blowjob lesson or two beforehand, and so we ended up deciding on the following Friday.

When I went over to her house on Sunday afternoon, she answered the door. She gave me a hug and then we walked up the stairs, past her husband Professor Fleming, who was watching TV in the living room.

"We'll be back in the bedroom," she said, before taking me back and sitting me down on the bed. She took my cock out and we worked on getting her to open her jaw up a little further and calming down her gag reflex a little. She explained apologetically that she had almost never given her husband blowjobs and his dick was much smaller.

Tuesday after school I went over there again with, this time I brought Jess with me. First Jess sucked my cock a little bit, then Rebecca knelt down in front of me and took over. Jess watched and gave her occasional pointers.

After a minute Jess put her hand on the back of Rebecca's head. She slowly pushed down until Rebecca's lips were only a few inches from the base of my cock and she started to gag. Jess held her there for a few moments, then pushed her a just a little further before letting go.

We continued with the lesson, and when I finally came, Jess made sure that Rebecca swallowed.

On Friday, Rebecca showed up at the house at 7 PM. I had bought a bottle of nice scotch and I poured her a glass.

"Thanks," she said. She was wearing a little black dress and a tall pair of heels. I watched her take a big drink of scotch. She seemed noticeably less confident than usual. I put my hand on her shoulder.

"You okay?"

"I'm fine," she said, taking another drink. "Look . . . Are you sure . . . I mean that with a couple of hot twenty-year-old girls around . . ."

I stepped around behind her. I ran my hands up her sides and then grabbed ahold of her tits. 

"Guys are gonna be lining up to get their hands on you." She turned her head a little.

"Are you sure?" she asked.

"I wanna fuck you so bad right now," I said as Jess and Stacy emerged from the hallway. 

Stacy was wearing a pair of high-heeled boots over a pair of tight dark grey jeans. A tight tank-top was stretched across her C-cup tits, and her long blonde hair was pulled back into a tight pony-tail. Jess was barefoot, wearing only a simple red halter dress with a plunging neckline. She wasn't wearing a bra, huge amounts of her massive breasts where showing on the sides, and they threatened to burst out of the front at any moment.

"Hey Rebecca," Jess said. Rebecca nodded to her and I let go of her breasts. Jess motioned to Stacy.

"This is-"

"Stacy. I know," Rebecca said sharply. "You fucked my husband right?"

"That's right," Stacy said with a cold smile.

"I'm sorry," Rebecca said, "I shouldn't care. God knows I don't want to fuck him . . . and honestly, I should be thanking you." She took a sip from her drink. "For the first time in 25 years I'm having some satisfying sex."

The first two guys showed up. One paid for a blowjob from Stace and the other one wanted to play with Jess' tits while she jerked him.

One of the reason's I had jumped at the opportunity to rent the place was the giant living room, which was nearly twice as long as it was wide. The house must've been built for entertaining. We put couches on the north and east walls. There were two recliners in the north west corner and a long chest with a padded leather lid that served as a bench along the east wall below the windows (curtains drawn of course). There were two futons laying in the center of the room. The southern wall opened up into the dining room which was well stocked with alcohol.

Jess and Stacy each took their guys to one of the couches. Rebecca watched quietly, nursing her drink as the two younger girls went to work on the first two customers of the night.

Stacy finished hers off quickly but Jess was still stroking hers when the doorbell rang again and three more guys arrived.

One of the guys immediately walked over to Rebecca and asked her for a blowjob. I collected his 80 bucks and she slowly led him over to one of the chairs. The second guy went over to Stacy.

Stacy looked across the room as she stroked, watching Rebecca take her first cock of the night into her mouth.

The third guy just leaned against the counter, watching Rebecca's mouth start to bob up and down on his friend's cock.

"What is it you want?" I asked him.

"How much to fuck her?"

"200," I told him. He pulled out his wallet and fished through it, handing me 10 twenties.

When she brought her guy to a climax I handed her a towel and she wiped off her hand.

"He's paid for sex," I said, motioning to the guy across the room undressing.

"Okay," She said and reached under her little black dress, peeling her panties off.

He grabbed a condom from the bowl and put it onto his average-sized dick. He was just a little smaller than me. Then he laid her down on her back on one of the futons and spread her legs apart, causing the bottom half of her dress to gather around her hips.

I stood nearby and watched. I could see that she was already quite wet. When he thrust forward, his cock slid into her without much trouble.

More guys arrived while they fucked and the place started to fill up. By the time the guy moaned and filled up his rubber with sperm, there was another guy waiting with a condom-sheathed cock. A big one this time. Looked to be a little more than twice as big as her husband's four-inch-prick. 

He stood her up and lifted the dress up and off of her. Her eyes stared wide at his thick tool as he lowered her to the ground and positioned her on all fours.

He placed his the tip of his cock against her pussy and then pushed forward at a slow, steady pace. She was well lubricated, but it was still slow going. She winced as he pushed the tip inside her. By the time she had taken half of it her body was shaking.

"Oh, fuck, fuck," she said, gritting her teeth.

Jess was riding a guy on the other futon, who was groping madly at her enormous mammaries. She bounced up and down on his cock but she was staring at Rebecca and the guy kneeling behind her, slowly driving his long thick cock into her.

After another several seconds of pushing Rebecca let out a yelp and he eased up. It looked like almost two inches was still outside her. He started to thrust his tool in and out of her quickly.

Before long, her grunts of pain became mingled with grunts of orgasm and soon she collapsed forward onto the futon.

He continued to hammer her pussy mercilessly. Her face was pressed into the futon, but it barely muffled her screams. 

This guy lasted much longer than the previous guy, but he too finally succumbed his fat cock twitching inside her.

By that time there was quite a line of people waiting for her. I had sent out a text to my list of numbers that a new girl would be making a guest appearance tonight, a "Hot Older Lady". It seemed that a lot of regulars that had spent time with both Jess and Stacy showed up, excited at the prospect of an injection of a little variety.

She laid there for a minute or so, gathering her strength, before she rolled over and dragged herself up to her knees.

She gave a blowjob, then a handjob, then another blowjob and so on. Her line seemed to never diminish, no matter how many guys she brought to orgasm, but a little after midnight she sucked off the last of them.

In that time another three guys had fucked her. Of the numerous handjobs and blowjobs she gave, four had paid for her to swallow and one had paid to cum on her tits. Her stomach was still sticky from the last guy who fucked her who at the end had pulled out, yanked his condom off and sprayed his seed all over her stomach.

She was exhausted. She'd serviced almost half again as many men as either Jess or Stace had. A lot of guys had told me that they didn't want to miss what might be their only chance with Rebecca.

"How was it?" I asked her.

"Jesus . . ." she groaned, " . . . but good."

Stacy put down the towel she was using to wipe down the table and walked over.

"How'd you like that second fuck?" she asked.

"I thought he was going to tear me in fucking two. But I definitely came."

"Oh we could tell," Jess said laughing.

"Is that the biggest cock you've ever had?" Stacy asked her.

"Definitely," Rebecca answered.

"What's the biggest you'd had before that?" Stacy continued.

"Probably his," Rebecca said nodding to me. 

That wasn't quite true. Tim had fucked her right after me and he was just a little longer, maybe half an inch. But it felt good to hear anyways.

"As you know, my husband's is barely four inches."

"Ouch," Jess said.

"Exactly the opposite unfortunately," Rebecca said. Everyone broke into laughter.

"What about you?" Rebecca asked Stacy. Jess and I smiled at each other, remembering the night I had turned the tables on Stacy.

"There was a foot long once," she said.

"Holy-fuck."

"It was quite big," Stacy agreed.

I told Rebecca that she could crash on the couch if she didn't feel like driving home and she took me up on the offer.

Jess, Stacy and I turned in. Stacy, had been the only one of the three girls to not get fucked. As soon as we were into the bedroom she peeled my clothes off of me an dragged me into the bed. She straddled me and quickly lowered herself onto my cock, her pussy drenched from the excitement of the evening.

As Stace bounced up and down on my cock eagerly, Jess shut the bedroom door and then climbed into bed next to me. She pressed her huge breasts against me. As I turned my face toward her our mouths met and we kissed, slowly and passionately, while Stacy rode me vigorously.

"Oh fuck your cock feels good," Stacy said, reaching down to rub at her clit. I reached over and grabbed ahold of one of Jess' massive breasts, squeezing and mashing it as we kissed.

After a few minutes Stacy was moaning a little. She leaned forward and bounced on my cock even faster. I could tell that I was getting close. I broke off my kiss with Jess and with our cheeks pressed together I just panted.

"Don't make him cum, I wanna fuck him too," Jess said to Stacy.

"You already got fucked tonight," Stacy said, continuing to ride me at an incredible pace.

"That doesn't count, that guy was a total two-pump-chump."

Stacy slowed and then stopped, just sitting there, impaled on me.

"Tell you what. You can fuck him if you'll lick my pussy while you do it," Stacy said.

Jess shrugged. "Fine whatever."

Stacy dismounted. I just shook my head and rolled Jess from her side onto her back.

"Oh that feels good," she said as I slid into her. I fucked her slowly, trying to stay well away from the precipice of orgasm. Stacy straddled Jess' face, facing away from me, and lowered her pussy to Jess' mouth. I stared at Stacy's tight, perfect ass and Jess humongous breast, shaking with each slow thrust I delivered. Jess slowly licked at Stacy's pussy.

"Faster," Stacy said . . . "Oh that's it." She leaned forward a little and reached out, grabbing ahold of the headboard. She was starting to breathe heavy again. Then she dismounted, turned around and climbed back onto Jess' face, this time facing me.  

Despite the erotic sight before me I had calmed down some and started to fuck Jess faster. Stacy was beginning to moan. She leaned forward a bit and I did the same and we kissed. As we kissed I could feel her lip starting to tremble.

She broke our kiss and let her head fall a little. "Fuck that feels good," she groaned. She lifted her lips to mine, but they barely met before they parted again. "Oh god . . . " she grunted. She slowly leaned further and further forward until her elbows were resting on the bed and her shoulder was pressed into my hip. She was breathing in and out so fast she sounded as if she were hyperventilating. I could tell she was deep into the throes of orgasm.

"Jesus Jess . . . you shoulda been a fucking dike," she grunted, still barely able to breathe.

I couldn't take it any longer. I fucked Jess' pussy with wild abandon. Before long I was groaning wildly as I exploded, pumping spurt after spurt of cum deep inside Jess.

I collapsed next to the two of them, but Stacy just laid on top of Jess panting. After a minute Jess prodded her to move.

"This is how I want to sleep," Stacy groaned. I chuckled as Stacy rolled off of Jess onto the bed.