 The next day I met up with James at Clyde's again. Over a pint he pestered me about every detail I could remember from the past two nights.

I gave him a play-by-play of his wife Kelsey's foray into prostitution, including how I got her to agree to actually fuck guys.

"So you had your fingers in her pussy?" James asked.

"Well, one finger."

"Crazy," he said. We both lifted our beers and took a long drink.

"How is it finally getting some action again?" I asked.

"I still haven't"

After an awkward pause I said, "Oh. Sorry man. I just assumed since she was sort of getting back in the swing of things, sex-wise, . . ."

"She's too worn out when she get's home. And the worst part is she's been teasing me with all these little details. About a cock she had in her mouth or how a cumshot felt on her tits. She can tell she's driving me wild."

"That's rough man," I said, sipping from my beer. "Do you want her to stop?"

"No, god no! . . . It's just different. Better really. I'd jus been used to not thinking about sex very much, since mid pregnancy or so. Now it's all I can think of. I'm the horniest I've ever been. I've been masturbating at least seven or eight times a day."

"Damn."

The following Saturday all four of the girls were working together on the same night. It was busy and even with four ladies they each had their share of cock.

After all the guys left we poured a last drink. We sat around relaxing, a couple of the girls still catching their breath. We laughed at Jess, recalling a cumshot that had nearly glued her eye shut.

"So what does your husband think about this?" Kelsey asked Becca as she snapped her bra back on.

"He hates it,"she answered, taking another sip of whiskey, "But the bastard deserves what he gets . . . What about yours?"

"James loves it. He told me a year or two when he was drunk that he'd always fantasized about me fucking another guy while he watched. He's had a non-stop erection since all this started."

"Yeah? Is the sex wilder?" Jess asked with a little smile.

"We haven't had sex since it started," Kelsey said.

"What?!" Stacy said.

"What?" Stacy asked defensively, "I'm worn out after a night of hard fucking here . . ."

"He's had a non-stop hard-on for the past five days?" Jess asked, "That poor guy."

"You gotta give that boy some relief," Becca said resting her arm on Kelsey's side.

"How often do you fuck your husband?" Kelsey asked her.

"Fuck? Never. I gave him a handjob a couple of weeks ago because he begged me to. But he is a cheating bastard. The whole time I was jerking him I kept telling him how useless his cock was. But you love your husband right?"

"Yeah . . . but honestly I sorta think he gets off on me denying him. I've been reading some stuff about it on a couple of different cuckold blogs."

"That's not all," I chimed in, "They haven't fucked since the baby was born," I took a big swig of my whiskey."

"WHAT??!!" Jess and Stacy yelled.

"You have GOT to give him some love, honey" Becca told her.

"Fine, fine. I'll jerk him off tonight," Kelsey said.

"Jerk?" Jess said."

"Okay, SUCK. I'll suck him off."

The next day Kelsey informed us that after a little teasing about all the other cock she'd had before she got home she did indeed suck him off. She said he was so excited he came in less than a minute.

A few nights later we were repeating the same routine. As I was pouring drinks Kelsey spoke up.

"Do you think some time you could set it up so that I could fuck a guy at my place?" she asked.

". . . Yeah," I said, "we can probably work something out."

"James has been begging me to see if I can make it happen . . . I told him if he could go a week without cumming at all then I'd find a way to make it happen."

"Ooh, you're mean," Stacy laughed.

"You should've seen the poor guy when I was getting ready tonight."

"I bet," Stacy said.

"But it'd have to be pretty late. After the baby is soundly asleep."

"Okay," I said.

"You should just have Tim do it," Jess said, "I'm sure he'd be more than willing."

"So next Monday?" I asked.

"Right."

The next day I called Tim and set it up. As it happened, James only lasted 3 days before he broke down and had to start his week of abstinence again, so I rescheduled it for the following Thursday.

Thursday night came. At the house, guys started to show up and Jess, Stacy and Becca each took one aside and started to work them toward climax in various ways.

I was pouring a drink and watching Stacy fit as much of a quite large cock in her mouth as she could when my cell rang. I looked down and saw that it was Tim.

"Hey," I answered.

"Hey man . . ." he said weakly.

"What's going on?" I said, a little apprehensive.

"Dude I've been puking my guts out . . ."

"What?"

"I don't think I'm gonna be able to fuck that chick for you tonight."

I groaned, "Why didn't you call me earlier?"

"Sorry dude. Maybe I'll feel better tomorrow."

"Alright fine," I said, "I'll talk to you later."

Jess made her way across the room over to the kitchen. I handed her some paper towels so she could wipe off the cum splattered across her huge, naked tits. I leaned in and kissed her.

"Who was that on the phone?" she asked afterwards.

"That was Tim,"

"Oh yeah?" she said, wiping the last of the cum off her rack. "I bet James is about to explode right now."

"Tim said he's sick. He can't do it tonight."

"What?" Jess asked. "What are you gonna do?"

"I don't know . . . maybe Tim will feel better tomorrow."

"No way. Imagine how James is feeling right now. He's spent the last seven straight days fixated on what's going to happen to night . . . with no access to release."

"Yeah, I know."

"Why don't you just do it?"

"Yeah, I guess," I shrugged.

"The three of us can handle things here," she said as a customer eased behind her, grabbing one of her giant breasts.

I called Kelsey and made sure the switch was okay with her and James. I waited a while until things slowed down a little bit and then I headed over to James and Kelsey's place.

I knocked on the door and Kelsey answered. She was wearing nothing but a pair of lacy black panties and a matching bra that really pushed her breasts together and up. I knew she couldn't have been bigger than a B-cup but with this bra they looked big on her slim frame.

"What if it was the neighbor or something at the door?" I asked.

"Are you kidding? I woulda dragged him in here and you woulda missed your chance . . . I think James is about to pass out cause his erection is hogging all the blood in his circulatory system.

She shut the door and then turned and led me toward the bedroom. I marvelled at her tight, sexy butt as I followed her down the hallway. She had an ass that no new mom should have.

James was sitting in a folding chair waiting for us.

"Hey man," he said, standing up. His erection was clearly straining against his pants.

"Hey," I said a little awkwardly.

"Can I grab you a beer or anything?" he asked.

"Sure," I nodded, "A beer'd be great."

"How about you honey?"

"Yeah sure," Kelsey said.

Kelsey and I took a seat on the bed while James ran to the kitchen.

"Is this weird for you?" she asked.

"A little."

"Why? You fucked Becca in front of her husband right?" she asked. Clearly someone had told her that story.

"Yeah. That was a little different. James and I are friends."

"Plus you see Jess and Stacy with other guys every night."

"Yeah, you're right. What about you? Is this weird for you?"

"A little of course. The first time your husband watches another man enter you . . . but it's exciting too. Knowing how crazy worked up he is."

James came back in, carrying three beers. He handed one to each of us and then took a seat in the folding chair opposite us.

I took a couple of big swigs. Kelsey held her beer in her right hand and she rubbed her left hand over my crotch. My cock responded by twitching to life. I took another quick drink.

I looked over at James. "You sure about this?" I asked.

"Hell yeah," he said.

Kelsey leaned in and kissed me. I kissed her back for a few seconds and then took her beer and leaned over and set the two beers on the nightstand. I brought my lips back to hers, my hand tracing up her leg. My tongue parted her lips as my hand moved up her side to her breasts.

As our lips adjusted and locked again and again I pawed at her breasts and she fumbled with my pants. When she got my belt unbuckled she quickly undid the button and pulled down the zipper.

I sucked on her bottom lip as she slid her small hand inside the waistband of my boxers and pulled my cock out.

As she slowly stroked me I kissed her smooth neck.

"Mmm, yeah," she said as I slipped my hand between her thighs. With two fingers I rubbed her pussy through her panties. Her breathing was starting to get heavy but in his chair a few feet away, James was practically panting.

Kelsey arched her back a little, pushing back against my hand.

"You like this baby?" she asked him.

"Oh god yes."

"You earned it," she told him as I played with her pussy, "I can't even imagine how hard the last week has been for you."

"You have no idea," James groaned. His hands gripped the seat of the chair tightly as he watched his wife's hand moving up and down my cock.

Then Kelsey leaned down and wrapped her lips around my dick.

"Oh fuck," James said.

I started breathing heavy as she bobbed her head up and down. After a minute she stopped. 

"Take your shirt off," she said to me. I pulled my shirt off and she got down on her knees in front of me. She pulled my socks and shoes off and then worked off my pants and boxers.

Kelsey got right between my legs and took my cock in her mouth again.

"Damn that feels good," I moaned.

James stared at his wife's backside as more and more of my dick passed between her lips.

"Oh yeah baby, suck his cock," he encouraged her.

I ran my hand through her hair as she pushed herself further, until she had swallowed two thirds of my cock. She pushed an inch or so more and then started to gag a bit and backed off.

After a few minutes she could tell I was getting close and pulled her mouth off my cock. I reached down and pulled her up onto the bed with me.

"Oh-my-god . . ." James murmured as I peeled Kelsey's lacy black panties off. I pushed the tip of my cock against her pussy and slowly spread her lips.

"Holy-fuck . . . holy-fuck," James moaned from across the room.

"Oh that feels good," Kelsey purred, "Your cock feels sooo good."

I pushed all the way inside her dripping pussy.

"Unnhh-yeah," she moaned.

I thrust my cock in and out of her. I could hear James panting as he watched us. I slid my hand underneath her head and grabbed the back of her neck and plunged my tongue into her mouth. As we kissed passionately I slammed in and out of her. When our lips broke she was gasping for air.

"Yes . . . yes . . . oh-yes-mmnh," she moaned. "Oh baby his cock feels so good."

"Oh-Jesus," James groaned.

I lifted her legs up toward her chest and slowed my pace.

"Oh-god . . . nnh-yeah," she panted, "Oh fuck he feels so big."

I sped up again, thrusting into her hard and fast. Kelsey's body buzzed and she gripped the sheets tightly.

"Hunh-Jesus . . . Jesus," she whimpered.

I could tell James was trying hard not to rub his erection through his pants. Kelsey rolled her head to the side and looked over at him as I pounded her as hard as I could.

"Oh fuck baby . . ." she whimpered, "oh-Jesus-gnnh . . . was this worth your-nngh," she paused to draw in a couple short breaths, "your week of torture?"

"Fuck baby, you look so fucking hot right now."

I could feel my orgasm starting to build so I pulled out quickly and caught my breath. I rolled Kelsey over onto all fours and got in the same position right on top of her. I could feel my dick twitching against her pubic bone as I slowly kissed her shoulder. After a minute I reached down and guided my cock into her.

Before long she was letting out soft moans. I fucked her hard and soon she collapsed onto her stomach, moaning wildly into the bedspread.

When I couldn't take it any longer I pulled out. I stroked myself a half dozen times and then exploded, spraying cum all over her small, tight ass as well as the small of her back.

I groaned with satisfaction and rolled to the side. James was madly undoing his pants. Kelsey rolled over onto her back next to me.

Looking at her husband she said, "You've more than waited your turn. You ready to give me a weeks worth of cum?"

James climbed onto her in a frenzy, his pants only halfway off. His cock looked to be maybe half an inch smaller than mine, but fairly average. He plunged into her freshly used pussy. He fucked her fiercely for three thrusts before he started to cum.

He just laid on top of her for a minute and they kissed sweetly. When he pulled out, her pussy was dripping with a weeks worth of saved sperm.

I gathered up my clothes and quickly headed out to leave them alone. When I got home, the girls demanded all the details, which I recounted as we climbed into bed for the night.