 Hi, my name is Jonny. I am a twenty eight year old lawyer from Toronto. I work for a large law firm and specialize in divorce cases. I must say that this is a really good way to meet some extremely interesting people. Despite my young age, I have come to be very well respected by my colleagues. I have started to get a large number of cases directed to me due to my high success rate. Because of this, I started to really get stressed out. Being only 28, I really did not want to suffer a nervous breakdown this early in my life. I figured it was time for a break and figured I better use up some of those holidays that I had banked. I talked to one of the partners at the firm and he reluctantly granted me permission for a couple weeks vacation time.

Friday finally rolled around and by 5:00 I was itching to get out of the office and start my vacation. I did not have any real plans, just was going to take it easy and hang out. It has been a long time since I have done that. Now that I think about it, the last time I really hung out was when I was in college. Ah yes, college. Those were the days. I cherished those days sitting in the quad and watching all the chicks. 

Man, there was something about college babes that is so sexy. The way the dress maybe is partly what it is, but I really think that it is just their attitude. They are at that point in their lives when they want to try new things, and I guess you could say, a little wild. With that in mind, I can't help but think about how much I miss my college days. Maybe for old times sake I should go and have a seat in the quad and watch the babes strut their stuff. I could hardly wait for Monday to come now that I got this whole college chick thing in my head again.

Well, Monday finally rolled around and I got myself out of bed at about 10:00. It sure felt good to sleep in for once. I wonder how things were going down at the office. Shit, I gotta stop thinking of the firm for the next two weeks. This is my holidays and I'm gonna be damned if I spend it thinking about my case load. I got myself showered up and had a quick bite to eat before I made my way over to the University of Toronto. I live relatively close to campus so I thought I would take a walk. It was September and the weather was still very warm. Speaking of warm, that should really bring out some great outfits from the students.

I noticed that I was getting close to campus when I started seeing students walking with backpacks and having that care-free look on their faces. "Oh, there's a couple right there, at eight o'clock," I thought to myself. Man, I swear that the average chicks tits have gotten bigger in the last few years. I don't know if they are all getting them augmented, but they are definitely more noticeable. These two were both tight shorts that really showed off their tight little asses. One was wearing a tight, white tank-top that covered about half of her belly. Her tits were so crammed in there I thought they were going to explode. 

Her short brown hair waved in the wind as she laughed at something her friend said. Her friend was easily as hot as she was. Here tits were not quite as big, but they were still a good size. She was wearing a tight black t-shirt, and I'm pretty sure that she had no bra on. I swear these kids don't care about shit anymore. Fuck I wish I was going to school still. As I passed the two girls I made sure they noticed me looking at them, just like old times. I took a deep breath and savoured the sweet aroma of the perfume they were wearing. Exquisite. I stopped and turned around to get a view from behind. Their asses swayed back and forth as they got farther away from me. "Hmmm, I wonder if they like getting their asses fucked," I thought?

I continued onward to campus and was thinking that it could only get better. I finally made it to the quad where it was packed with students. It was almost lunch time and lots of them came out here to eat. I found a nice place on the grass to sit down and watch. They were all over. Girls were sitting there talking, some were playing Frisbee, or kicking around a foot-bag. I was in heaven. What I wouldn't do to take a couple of these chicks home and have a good time. Wait a minute. That sounds like an excellent idea. I'm still young and fuck, I'm pretty good looking. Shit, I flash a couple of chicks my wallet and let them see the wad of cash I got and I'm home free. I knew being a high-price lawyer would really pay off someday. Hmmm, let's see. Who will be my victim. As I scanned around all I could think of was getting a good fuck.

"Hey man, could you throw that back to us please".

I turned around to see if that girl was talking to me. I looked up and there was two chicks standing there staring at me. I looked down at the ground in front of me and saw a hackey-sac sitting in front of me.

"Oh yeah, sure," I responded as I reached for the bag and through it back to them.

"Thanks," said one of the girls as she gave me a smile. I winked back at her and just watched them for the next few seconds.

"Hey, do wanna bust in maybe?" the second girl asked.

"Sure, what the hell. It's been a while, but I think I can still do it."

I got up and walked over to where they were playing. Christ, maybe I don't even have to do any work here. I think two girls have just found me.

"So, what are you taking here?" the first girl asked me.

I was not really paying attention to what they were saying because I was too busy looking at these two hotties standing in front of me. I'll just give you a quick description of what I am seeing. The first one, who's name I found out was to be "Kelly" was a brunette with straight hair down to her shoulder. She was wearing one of those baby tees that really accented her tits. Just by looking at them I would say there were probably a C-cup. Quite impressive. She was about 5'4" and had on a pair of blue jeans that really showed off her sweet ass. "Fuck, I think I am getting hard," I thought to myself.

Here friend Sara, was about 5'2" tall, but had a killer body. She had short blonde hair, kinda like Anne Hesche. She was wearing a white tank-top that barely contained her boobs. I swear, these things were a D-cup. They were definitely bigger than Kelly's. I could barely take my eyes off of them. She was wearing a pair of cargo pants that accentuated her perfect ass.

"Hello? Can you hear me?"

I was quickly brought back to my senses and responded to Kelly. "Oh, actually, I'm not a student anymore. I graduated a few years ago from the law school here"

"Ahh, you're a lawyer, eh? Cool. So what are you doing here," inquired Sara?

"Yeah, besides checking out all the co-ed tits," laughed Kelly.

Both girls started to laugh as they looked at me with some very wicked grins.

Well, I guess there was no point in denying it. I was here for one reason and I may as well find out their intentions now, rather than wasting my time and finding out they wanted nothing to do with me.

"Ok, you guys caught me. There's no point in lying. I just really miss all the hot babes at this school. I just had to experience it again. Can you blame me?"

"He sure seems to like your tits, Sara. He can't take his eyes off of them."

"Lots of guys like my tits Jonny. Do you like my big titties?"

"They are gorgeous Sara. Fuck, they are so big. I bet you really know how to use those things on a guy."

"Oh, does she ever," remarked Kelly. "But doesn't Jonny like Kelly's titties?"

I was finally able to tear my eyes off of Sara's chest and looked at Kelly's. "Ooh baby, you're tits are fucking awesome too, honey. Tell me, do you know how to use those things as well as your friend?"

"Oh, maybe you'll have to wait and find out," smirked Kelly.

Kelly turned around and bent over to pick up the forgotten hackey-sac off of the grass. My eyes were glued to the show in front of me. She bent over without bending her knees, making sure to give me a clear view of her tight ass.

"Hey Kelly, Jonny seems to really like your ass too. He can't take his eyes off it. I bet he wants to slide his cock in there." Sara turned to me and asked, "Well Jonny? Do you want to fuck Kelly's ass?"

Christ, this was getting intense. My hard-on was raging in my pants and need to get out. I had to get us out of here and get to business. "Oh you'd like that wouldn't you. You two little sluts would like me to fuck your asses, and you know what, I'm gonna. I'm gonna take turns fucking those little asses of yours. What do you say we head over to my condo?"

And with that we were off. I figured we did not want to waste our time walking to my place so I got us a cab in front of the student centre. We were back at my place in less than ten minutes. I unlocked the door to my condo and led Sara and Kelly in.

"Nice place Jonny. You must be a pretty successful lawyer," said Sara.

"I guess you could say that. I work hard so I can have the best."

"Oh don't worry, you are about to get the best," remarked Kelly.

"Why don't you girls have a seat," I offered. Both girls walked over to the couch and sat down next to each other. Fuck they looked hot. I manage to get laid quite a bit, but it is usually from the same old professional ladies. Don't get me wrong, it's great, but college chicks are just on another level.

I made my way over to where they were sitting and stood in front of them. I unbuckled my belt and started to remove my pants. I swear their mouths were watering as they both anticipated what was to come. As I removed my pants Sara turned to Kelly and planted a big kiss on her. Kelly quickly obliged and it was not long before their tongues were exploring each others mouths. I stood there and watched as these two vixens made out on my couch. While they made out I quickly removed my underwear and shirt, revealing my semi-hard cock which was dripping with pre-cum. I just stood there, waiting for them to notice. Finally, when they came up for breath, Kelly noticed my 7" prick inches away from her face.

"Ooh, look at what we have here," she moaned as she reached up to grab it. She took it into her hand and held it, watching it grow to full hardness. Her hand started to slowly pump the shaft, coaxing more pre-cum from the head. She then pointed it towards Sara's face. Sara moved her head to it and took the head into her mouth, sucking with intense pressure. I thought that she was going to suck the head right off. It felt unbelievable.

"Oh fuck yeah, suck it Sara," I moaned as she continued her assault on my prick. She then removed her mouth from my cock and looked at me with the sexiest grin on here face.

"Your cock tastes so good Jonny. I just love you the taste of your salty pre-cum." And with that she took me into her mouth again, this time taking me all the way to the base. I arched my back and groaned as she held it there. Fuck it felt good. She was now moving up and down my cock, letting it come almost all the way out of her mouth, and then suddenly plunging back down to the hilt. This chick definitely had experience in sucking cock. Kelly now was playing with my balls as her blonde friend fucked me with her mouth. Sara let the cock fall out of her mouth and Kelly was immediately there to take over. Now Kelly was using her mouth to get me off. Kelly was really moving fast up and down on my prick. I thought she was going to make me cum right there, but I managed to hold myself back.

"Oh yeah Kelly, suck Jonny's big cock. Doesn't it taste so good It feels so hot in your mouth, doesn't it?"

I moved my hands to Kelly's head and held it on both side. I started to guide here head back and forth along my cock. I started to slowly move my hips forward and back, feeding Kelly my prick.

"That's it Jonny, fuck her mouth," coaxed Sara as I started to pick up the pace. I was now holding Kelly's head still while I moved my cock in and out of her mouth. I started to fuck faster now, my cock pistoning in and out of her mouth. This girl could really take a good face fucking I though as I drove my cock in and out of her tight throat. Every once and a while, my cock would slip out of her mouth and slide across her cheek leaving a trail of her saliva and my pre-cum.

"Come over here and fuck my face now Jonny. Come feed me your big cock. Make me feel like the little slut I am," moaned Sara. Who was I to argue. I pulled my prick out of Kelly mouth and pointed it towards Sara. It was glistening in the light from Kelly's spit and my sticky lubricant. "Just wait a second," said Sara as she got on her back and hung her head over the front of the couch, positioning her legs over the back of the back rest. I moved over to her head and straddled her face. 

I pushed my cock against her mouth and she opened it slightly, making me push a little harder to get it in. I slowly eased it into her mouth, ensuring that she was ready. I just let my prick sit there for a moment and then slowly started to push it in deeper. Sara now moved her hands around to grab my ass and pulled me in. I guess she really wants me to go. With that signal I forced my cock in as far as it would go, letting my sweaty ball rest on her nose. I pulled out a bit and then drove my cock in again and Sara let out a moan. Now I was fucking her mouth at a steady pace, in and out. It felt incredible using this sluts mouth as a cunt.

Meanwhile, I looked over to Kelly and she was in the process of removing Sara's pants. She finally got her pants and panties off and was now fingering her soaking cunt. I watched Kelly work Sara's pussy over as I continued to slide my cock in and out of her mouth. Kelly now had moved her mouth down to Sara's cunt and was running her tongue over her little clit. Sara was trying to moan but was finding it difficult to get it out since my prick was deep in her throat.

"Eat her cunt Kelly. Make her cum. How does she taste. I bet she tastes like honey," I moaned. Kelly looked up at me and removed the two fingers she had in Sara's mouth and moved them towards me. I leaned forward a bit and took them into my mouth, savouring the sweet nectar she was offering me. I was right, she did taste like honey. I continued to suck on Kelly's fingers for a while and fuck Sara's face. I then placed both hands on Sara's chest and felt her big tits, making her shudder. They must be really sensitive I thought as I also noticed how soft they were. I pulled my cock out of her mouth and started to slide it across her face.

"Oh yeah Jonny, rub your cock all over my face. I love how you make me feel so nasty," said Sara as she reached to her pussy and started to tug on her clit. I was now mauling Sara's tits as she and Kelly continued to finger her shaved cunt. I had enough, I had to see these things. I pulled her shirt off her and got an eyeful of cleavage from her bra. I reached under her and undid the clasp and pulled it off. I looked a the label and sure enough, a D-cup. I threw the bra aside and looked at her gorgeous tits. Fuck they were something else. I leaned over and took one into my mouth, tasting the salty sweat that had accumulated there. 

Sara was moaning uncontrollable as I moved my tongue over both here nipples. Her tits were really sensitive as I had thought. I was being extra sloppy as I sucked her boobs, leaving a nice amount of saliva to coat her tits because I had something in mind. Still straddling her face, I positioned my cock over her chest and started to rub it over her tits. Sara screamed with an orgasm as soon as I made contact. Kelly continued to eat the blondes fuck hole while I rubbed my slippery dick over her tits. Sara moved her hands up to her tits and squeezed them together. That was my cue. I forced my cock into the tight tunnel of tit flesh that she was creating for me. It slid in easily from all the spit and sweat that was present.

I was now pumping my cock between Sara's tits as she held them together, trapping me in there. My cock was totally enveloped in her tit-flesh as I tit-fucked her. "Oh Jonny, fuck my titties. Fuck I love a hard cock between my tits. Do you like how it feels between my meaty tits, Jonny," asked Sara in a little girl voice?

"I love it between your big tits Sara. God they feel so hot and soft around my cock I pulled my prick out from its confines and forced it into Sara's mouth, as far as it would go. I fucked her face for about a minute and then moved my cock back to her tits. I placed it between them again and Sara wrapped them around my throbbing member. I was really fucking them now, thinking of nothing but my cock and this college slut's titties. Kelly now had moved up to Sara's tits and was licking them as I tit-fucked her. Kelly looked up at me as she tongued the tits I was fucking and started to whisper nasty little things to me.

"That's it Jonny, slide your prick between Sara's titties. Make them all wet and slippery. Fuck her big, sweaty tits. They feel so soft around your cock, don't they? Make her cum by fucking her tits."

I couldn't believe it. This chick was able to get off from getting tit-fucked. My cock slipped out of the tit-tunnel and Kelly grabbed it and took it into her mouth. She sucked on it for a while, making sure it stayed nice and wet. She then placed it back between Sara's tits and squeezed them around my prick for her. "Now make her cum," growled Kelly.

Sara reached around and started fingering her own cunt again as I slid my hard-on between her boobs. Her screams started getting louder and she finally yelled, "I'm cumming! Fuck! I'm cumming!" Her orgasm finally subsided and I stood up and started to slowly jerk my cock off. 

Sara also got up and moved over towards me and took my cock in her hand. She leaned in towards my ear and whispered, "I love a good tit-fuck." She let go of my cock and told me to sit on the couch. I did so and noticed that Kelly had finally got all of her clothes of too. She looked even more hot naked. She walked over to me and spun around so her back was facing me. She took a hold of my cock and lowered herself down onto me. She rubbed the head on her lips making me almost lose control. She then lowered herself down further until I was totally enveloped in her tight cunt. She then started to move up and down on my cock, fucking me like the college slut she was. I leaned back on the couch and enjoyed the ride. 

Sara moved over to us and got between Kelly's legs. She started to lick her pussy as she fucked my prick, every once and a while moving her tongue against me. Kelly was now moaning with delight. Every once and a while she would let me slip from her cunt and Sara would take me into her mouth, tasting her friends nasty juices on my hard-on. She then put my cock back into Kelly's pussy and she would continue to ride me. I sat straight up and reached around to hold Kelly's tits. Man, these were awesome too. I pinched her nipples and manhandled her meaty funbags. Kelly was now fucking me hard, pounding her pussy down onto my cock. I could not believe how tight her cunt was, taking into account all the guys she has probably fucked.

I could feel the cum start to boil in my balls and knew what was coming up. Sara some how seemed to sense it too and she crawled up to me and whispered into my ear, "Cum in my mouth Jonny". She made her way back down to the action and waited for her prize. I was really close now and started to buck my hips up into Kelly's snatch.

"Fuck, I'm gonna cum," I screamed, as Sara pulled my cock out of Kelly's cunt and took me into her throat immediately. I let a large blast of cum out of my cock which went straight down Sara's throat. She then pulled me out of her mouth and started to jerk me off onto her gorgeous face. My cum sprayed all over her face and tits, making her look like a professional whore. She managed to squeeze all of my seed from my cock. Kelly was now on her knees and took me into her mouth, tasting my soiled cock. She sucked whatever remaining jizz was on my prick. She then looked over at Sara and they embraced in a very sensual kiss, sharing my spunk. They continued to swap my load between them. I made my way over to them and noticed that there was still a good amount of cum on Sara's tits. I moved my head to her chest and started to lick her tits, tasting a nice mixture of her sweat and my semen.
