 It started as a joke. Darlene knew I was having the blues, the winter blues. She suggested that she should come over for dinner, to help cheer me up. I laughed and thanked her for the thought. I told her it would be nice to have some one over, since my roommates were all away this weekend.

Darlene Mayer was a friend of my sister. I had known her since I was 13, when she came home for dinner one night. I had a crush on her for a while, but quickly grew out of it when she had made it clear that I was not the type she would date. After she graduated high school, she went to work at a local market, where I saw her often. 

In high school, she was chubby, a little overweight. I think what appealed to me back then was her eyes. Dark, heavy, and mysterious, they drew me into her. They were still dark and mysterious, but I wasn't drawn so much to them. Her face was loving, sensual, round, with full lips that begged to be kissed. Her hair was long, black and went to her mid-back. They all turned me one, but something else was better. It was her body. Short, she stood about 5' 2", but had a wonderful voluptuousness to it. Plump, amble hips and round, large breasts got my juices flowing whenever she was around. 

"They are?" Liz asked as she sat next to me.

"Yes," I began and told her and Darlene where each had gone.

"And they left you all alone?" Liz cooed. She batted her eyes and moved closer. I knew what she was up to. I smiled and nodded. She hugged me tight, tighter than ever before. And she held on to it for a while.

Elizabeth Hale, Liz to everyone, was an 18-year-old girl I met the first day at school. Actually, I met her at Freshman Orientation. She was sitting with a family friend, and I had sat next to the both of them. I was introduced to Liz, and from then on, I was the object of a crush. When not in class, she would show up at the Student Union and sit near or next to me. Whenever I had a soccer game, she would be in the stands. And before the first semester break, she found out where I worked, and would have dinner twice a week.

It was suggested that I have a talk with her, and I did, right after the first of the year. We had a long talk, and I explained that, though I was flattered by the attention, I could not date her. She was not my type. Yes, physically she was. She was 5'4", a large gal with large hips and belly; her breasts were small. But she was not emotionally what I liked in a girl. As a friend, yes. And from that talk on, her and I were friends.

"Can I get a piece of that?" Darlene asked. I smiled evilly; she kissed my cheek and playfully hugged us both. Liz giggled, squeezed me once more before letting go.

Well, I'm off," she announced as she stood. She smiled and touched my knee softly. "If you'd like, I could stop by, too."

"I was joking," Darlene said, her voice hinting at laughter. Liz frowned then leaned forward.

"Then, it's just you and me." She punctuated her comment, her whisper, with a warm, long kiss on the lips before smiling broadly. She looked around, blushed, and turned. As she walked briskly to the student lounge doors, Darlene called out.

"Wait up for me. I think we need to talk."

"What was that I saw?" a female voice asked from behind.

"Looks like I'm Mr. Popular," I sarcastically answered, turning to the source of the question. It was Becca, another big and lovely friend.

Rebecca West was a 19-year-old that had a body that made men cry from instant hard-ons. She had long legs, stood 5'10" tall. Her blue eyes made everyone fall instantly in love, and her brown hair framed her face perfectly. But that was not her best body feature. She had curves.

In the early 1980s, trends were beginning to change, change to the waif look. But Becca made us forget about that. She had curves, and she loved to flaunt them. She always wore jeans one size, and a sweater two sizes too small. Her breasts were large, naturally large. And she loved them.

"I could have told you that," she said as she took the seat Liz just vacated. "You're one of the few men here that we girls can trust." She winked as the final words left her mouth. "But I suspect there is more to you than what everyone else sees," she added as Darlene returned.

"It's set," she said as she sat. "Liz and I will be at your place after work tomorrow." I was shocked, surprised.

"After whose work?" I asked as the shock wore off.

"Yours, silly," she answered. Darlene tapped my leg and squeezed it as she looked into my eyes. "What will you feed us?" 

"Probably something from the restaurant," I answered, though my voice cracked.

"She made you nervous?" Becca questioned. I couldn't voice my reply. My heart was pounding a mile a minute, my ability to speak was lost.

"I think we did," Darlene laughed. "Oh my God, stud muffin Roger is nervous."

"I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it for myself," Becca quipped. "Wow, all these months of you flirting with us, and a simple meal made you scared. Wow.

"You want to join us and see how he acts with us?" Darlene asked, looking past me and to our friend.

"Oh God, hell yes!"

"Let me write down where he lives, so you can meet us all there, around 7," Darlene said as she reached into my book bag and pulled out some paper and a pen.

* * * * *

Most Saturdays I worked from 10 in the morning until 6 in the afternoon, and this one was no different. I worked hard in the hot kitchen of a popular Italian restaurant, one that served to the needs of an affluent cliental, yet was inexpensive enough the local 4-year college kids ordered pizza from us. The owners liked me well and treated me fairly. In so much they liked me, they allowed me to take home, free of charge, some day-old fried chicken cutlets - ones used for the chicken Parmesan dinners and subs - two large tossed salads, two large cheese pizzas, and a chocolate cake. It was fortunate that my apartment was a few blocks away or the walk would have been terribly difficult.

I arrived home and placed the food on the kitchen table. Quickly, I stripped and headed for the shower. I needed one, because I was covered in flour, oil, and sauce, my usual Saturday grime. I ran the hot water a bit and let the steam coat me before I stepped in.

The water felt great. I was tired, not so much from a long and difficult day, but from the stress and nervousness of entertaining. Though my roommates and I had held several parties, this was my first solo. As I applied the soap, for the second time, to my body, the front door bell. 

"Hold on," I screamed as I hurriedly dried and dressed simultaneously. The bell rang for a fourth time as I reached the door.

"About time you answered," Becca said as she stepped inside. "I've been waiting for forever out there," she added as a cold wind blew into the foyer. 

"Well, I was in the shower," I said as I followed her up the stairs.

"Well, damn, I missed the fun," she added as she walked into the apartment. I was about to quip back something when the bell rang again. 

"We see you," Darlene said as I stood on the penultimate step. I quickly opened the door before anymore cold air hit my still wet body.

"Just out of the shower?" Liz asked as she ran an ungloved hand across my chin. I nodded as we walked quickly up the stairs. "God, wish I was earlier," she added when she hit the top.

"I said the same thing," Becca said as she greeted the others will hugs. I took their coats and placed them in a roommate's room. She wasn't going to be home, a good enough place.

"Oh, I brought some wine," Darlene said. "But I left it in the car." She excused herself and walked back to her car.

"I have some food in the kitchen," I said, being a good host. "Help yourself. I need to finish dressing." I ducked into my room and closed the door. As I removed my throw-ons, I heard the girls talk.

They began to talk about the food; how good it looked and smelled. Darlene called in to my room, asking where we had plates and flatware. I was going to tell her, but it was better I showed her. The plates were placed, unfortunately, in a cabinet that had a tendency to fall when the doors were opened.

"Give me a minute, and I'll get them," I said as I threw on a pair of shorts, green polyester track shorts. I was showered with several whistles as I walked out. I blushed as well.

"Here," I said as I reached for the cabinet. I opened the door, quickly put my freehand up, and held them in place, so they wouldn't fall and break. I pulled them out, slowly, and put them on the table. I turned and opened the flatware drawer. "Excuse me, ladies, let me finish."

"Shake that ass, baby," Becca chided as I walked past. I shook my head and blushed again.

* * * * *

Dinner went better than I expected. The girls were impressed by what I had brought home, well, mainly that I brought salad. The dessert was consumed and so was the wine. Since I was the only person that had not consumed the drink, I was elected to go to the store and get some more. I took some from the others and walked to get my coat.

"Get something like what we just had," Liz said, her voice somewhat slurred. "I really liked it."

"Like we couldn't tell," Becca joked. Liz looked hurt by the comment, but was hugged quickly.

"It's okay, we all liked it," Becca said, comforting our friend. She kissed the top of her head. I left.

The walk wasn't far, three blocks, and the wind had died down. It was close to the store's closing time: the clerk was sweeping up some. I quickly went to the wine selection and pulled out two bottles of what the girls brought. He smiled, never asked me for my identification - being in the neighborhood has some advantages. He placed the bottles into a paper bag, and thanked me for my patronage. It was back into the winter's scene and back to the girls.

It was a quick trip, less than 10 minutes. When I returned, I heard the shuffling of cards. I walked up the stairs and into the apartment. 

"Hi, hon," Darlene said as I put the wine down. I had to take a double take. She was in just her bra and panties. I looked at the other two. Becca was dressed wonderfully, but now was sitting in her bra and jeans. Liz was the most dressed. It looked like she had just removed her socks. I giggled when I realized what they were doing.

"Liz wanted to learn the game," Darlene said as she put her blouse on. Becca was doing the same, and I must have shown some disappointment.

"Aw, hon, we'll play some with you," Darlene said as she finished dressing. Becca opened a bottle and topped off the glasses.

"Come sit next to me," Liz said, her excitement palpable. I went to the kitchen first and grabbed a couple of cans of Dr Pepper. I sat and exhaled. My smile was broad, and I was excited. This was going to be good.

"Do you mind if we move this to the living room?" Becca asked before sitting. "My ass doesn't like these chair," she giggled. 

"Mine is hurting, too," Darlene added as she stood and walked out of the dinning room, her full wine glass in her hand.

"Okay, I guess we move," I said, grabbing my cans. Becca and Darlene sat next to the stands my roommates insisted I place near the couch and chair. Liz found a spot between the two and in front of the television, placing her wine glass with Darlene. I took a spot in front of Liz, a great place to see all three of the lovely women. 

* * * * *

Perhaps it was the wine, perhaps it was the company. Perhaps it was just the excitement of the game. For whatever reason, the night became fun rather quickly. Darlene had not consumed much wine, but there was something that was making her lose most of the early hands - she was in just a bra and panties in less than eight hands. 

As I sat with just my socks removed, I dealt the next hand; seven card stud. My hole cards were great, a pair of Queens. I dealt out the first round of up cards. In order to Darlene, Liz, Becca, and myself were deuce, three, Jack, and another Queen. I was in great shape, there was no way I was going to remove any clothing this hand. Another round, and more terrible cards were dealt: four, ten, eight, and an ace for me. 

Darlene was squirming a little, acting uncomfortable. She finished her glass of wine and poured herself another. Before I dealt the third round of face-ups, she finished that glass. 

"Looks like someone's going to be showing tit," Becca giggled as the last of the exposed cards were dealt. Darlene had nothing, she was going to remove her bra. She quickly finished another glass and poured herself more wine as I finished dealing the hand's cards, face down. I had all four ladies.

"Let's see who has what," I said nervously. I was excited yet nervous. For as long as I had a crush on Darlene, I had wanted to see her at least topless. And now, I was about to. Coyly she put her cards down; no pair, only a King high.

"I can beat that," Liz said as she laid a pair of sixes. 

"I'm not that good," Becca said, showing that she had a pair of fours.

"I win," I chuckled as I showed my hand. 

"Wow," was all Darlene could whisper as she knew she would be exposing her large breasts to us. She said not a word, took a shot of wine for courage and put her hands behind her back.

"Oh hell," she said as the black undergarment became lax. Without hesitation, she removed it. I gasped as she through out her arms and smiled. "Ta da," she added before grabbing her DD-cups and held them up for us to marvel over.

"Wow, those are big," Liz whispered, her voice telling me, at least, that she was excited at seeing them.

"Let's get back to the game," Darlene said after a long moment of us gawking. "I don't want to be alone in my nudity." And it wasn't long before she wasn't alone.

Darlene's luck changed, as she did not lose another hand until the rest of us were in our underwear. 

"Oh shit," Liz said as she lost her hand, meaning she'd have to take off her bra. She blushed for a moment before downing the last of the wine. She looked around, seeing if the other two girls would give her some support. Darlene smiled back, her nipples now rock hard. Becca licked her lips as her nipples pressed hard against the animal print of her lacy undergarment.

Liz turned slowly, faced the television and pulled down the straps. She pulled down the bra and turned it, the hooks facing the front. She removed it and tossed it over her shoulder, it landing near my feet. She wrapped an arm around her chest before spinning around.

"You tease," Becca said. 

"I know," Liz answered, laughing. "Now deal," she added, looking at Becca.

"Okay, okay. I'll deal." And she did, dealing herself a losing hand. She was not as shy as Liz. She stood and quickly removed her bra, letting her breasts fall.

"Great nipples," Darlene said as I took the cards and shuffled. I smirked as I dealt.

"I swear you cheat when you deal," Darlene said. "I can never get any cards." I chuckled, seeing that her four face-up cards were nothing.  

"Here goes nothing," she said when she lost the hand. Sitting, she squirmed out of her panties and flipped them at me. The girls laughed, and I smiled. 

"I'm out," she added as she stood, showing us her entire body. My jaw dropped as I saw it, a shaven pussy. I tired not to, but I stared. 

"You should take a picture," Darlene said, catching me gawking. She teased me some by sitting on the couch and spreading her legs slightly. Becca chuckled.

The rest of us lost in quick succession. Becca was first. She dropped her panties, showing us her trimmed pussy. I was next. Is stood and dropped my shorts. I was glad that I was not totally erect, but my half-risen cock did cause Liz to stare. I gave her a show, wiggling my hips.

"Now what do we do?" Liz said, her shyness gone. She stood and removed her floral prints. For a moment, no one spoke. Becca looked at Darlene and an evil smile came to both.

"How about a game of 'Truth or Dare'?"

"Cool," Liz answered quickly. Before I could speak, Darlene headed towards the kitchen and towards my bedroom. The others followed.

"I think this is perfect," she said as she sat on my bed. Thank God I had cleaned my room that afternoon. 

"How do we start this?" Liz asked as she sat on the bed. 

There was an awkward quiet moment before Becca smiled. "I think we should just jump right in. Roger should be the first to ask, since he fed us." Darlene agreed and patted a spot on the bed next to her.

"Okay, let me think," I whispered. "Okay," I started, my mouth dry with nervous anticipation. "Darlene, truth or dare?"

"Truth," she answered without hesitation. I breathed a sigh of relief, since I didn't have a dare in mind. 

"What in a man do you find most appealing?" I asked, using a question my roommates used when we last played the game.

"Well, I find his eyes most appealing," she answered quickly. "I do love eyes." It was not the answer I was expecting, but I believed it.

"Okay, now my turn to ask," she said, looking at Becca. "Truth or Dare, Rebecca."

"Truth," she answered. There was a slight show of disappointment on Darlene's face, but she had a truth question. 

"When did you lose your virginity?" A blush came across Becca's face, and she swallowed hard, but she answered.

"I was 13, and he was my brother's best friend," she said, her face turning red. "I don't want to admit, but I liked it, and liked it a lot." She giggled as she rolled her eyes. "God, he was so good," she added as she sat with us, nudging Liz over some.

For an hour, the sexually charged questions were asked. Darlene asked me who I lost my virginity to, and was shocked. I asked Liz is she had ever swallowed, and we all were taken aback when she answered 'Hell Yes!'.

It was Becca that first accepted a dare, from Darlene. "I dare you to get on your knees and lick my feet," she giggled.

"Yes, mistress," Becca quipped as she lowered herself onto her knees. Nervously, we laughed, but my jaw dropped when she did as dared. Darlene's breathing became labored as Becca's tongue worked her way from her ankle down to the toes. She sucked in Darlene's big toe, and it seemed as if Dar had a mini-orgasm.

Becca sat on the bed and looked devilishly at me. She smiled and began to speak before asking "Liz, truth or dare?" 

"Dare." Her answer without hesitation took me aback for a moment. Liz had always been a little shy, especially around me. But I guess the combination of wine and lust made her lose most of her inhibitions. 

This action also caught Becca off-guard. She waited a few minutes quietly, though Dar - still breathing very heavily - kept the room from being totally noiseless. She smiled brightly before coming up with a dare.

"I dare you to suck Roger off until he cums." A smile came to Liz's face, a smile I've never seen before. She moved closer to me, put her hand on my chest and pushed me down onto the bed.

"I've waited a long time to do this," she whispered as she took my hardness in her hand. She gently stroked me as she lowered her head. Her lips, hot and wet, kissed my engorged head. She looked at me one last time and smiled. She took half my cock into her mouth and sucked hard.

"Oh God," Darlene moaned as she moved closer to us. She kissed my cheek, her hand rubbing my chest.

"Is she good?" she asked as Liz began to bob her mouth on my cock. I leaned back and moaned.

"She must be good," Becca speculated as she joined us on the bed. I looked up for a moment, though I was thoroughly enjoying Liz's work. I saw Darlene lean into Becca and take the larger woman's nipple into her mouth.

"Oh my," I moaned, more for Liz's work than what I had witnessed. 

"Enjoying baby?" Liz asked as she released me from her hot lips. She continued to stroke me as she looked at the other two. "You are so hot," she said before returning to me hot hardness.

I leaned back again, ignoring as Becca and Darlene began to kiss. I was more interested in Liz's actions. She was good, damn good. I could feel my balls ready themselves to explode as she forced my cock down her throat. She released my cock again, stroking it as she looked into my eyes.
