 This is the third of a planned four-part series. All characters, unless otherwise specified, are 18 or older.

Warning: there is a lot of texting in this story. 

If Lindsay is texting, it will be bolded with the designation L: 

If Stacy is texting, it will be italicized with the designation S: 

If Rachel is texting, it will be underlined with the designation R: 

Note: If you have not already done so, please read the first two installments for context. Just as a quick summary so far:

Lindsay and Stacy are engaged in a competition to determine who is sluttier.

Rachel is their neutral judge.

The winner gets to unequivocally command the loser to do one task.

At the end of round 8, Stacy is currently leading in points 22-14.

*********

"Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck, YES!" I screamed out as the orgasm wracked my body, not caring in the slightest who could hear me.

The driver, whose name I couldn't remember, pulled out of my pussy. His cum began to leak out as well, dripping from my swollen and battered pussy lips. A trail of jizz began sliding down my inner thigh, something I had already felt earlier that night. 

I pushed my upper body off the warm hood of his car, which had felt surprisingly good on my bare tits. I squeezed my big boobs back into my top and pulled my panties and jeans up, while the driver did the same. He was a black guy, probably five years older than me. He wasn't particularly attractive or well hung, but I had just really needed someone to fuck me. He had watched me play with my wet and sticky pussy in his back seat all the way to my apartment, so this seemed like a natural way to give him a tip (or rather, he was giving the tip to me).

Without a further exchange of words, I walked away from the alley. I turned two corners and was at my apartment building. 

When I had gotten back into my apartment, I stripped off my jeans and panties. They were both smeared with cum and needed to be washed. Much of the evidence from Mitch and Jack's (plus now the random driver's) creampies had been rubbed into my skin, giving my thighs a natural sheen. 

Oh well. I didn't want to shower before the next challenge, so I would have to deal with it for now.

L: hey, im back. 

R: great. then you're both ready for challenge 9? 

S: give it to us. 

R: well, so far, i've only tested your abilities at fucking in controlled environments. but a true slut needs to also be a master of seduction. your challenge is to fuck a married couple without either member knowing. 

L: so we have to seduce a husband and wife separately? 

R: correct. whoever does it quickest and shows some form of evidence wins. 

Fuck. This one seemed really hard. I thought of myself as a better temptress than Stacy, so I had an edge there. But still, that didn't mean it would be easy for me at all. 

I had done something similar in sophomore year actually, but that was with a huge stroke of luck. I fucked a drunk guy I vaguely knew at a house party, and two hours later, his girlfriend at the time ate me out in the bathroom. I didn't find out they were together until later though and had gotten lucky that both were drunk and unfaithful enough to do it. I was pretty sure they had actually ended up getting married too...

Something told me I would have to put more effort into this one. And I wouldn't have the friendly confines of a party to do it in. I had to find the best place to do it.

S: do they have to be goody two shoes or can they be wild already? 

R: doesn't matter. but even if they're swingers, you still have to seduce them separately. 

This at least provided some form of olive branch to Stacy and I.

R: this one should keep you two occupied for a while. ill give you both half an hour, and then it starts. 

I set my phone down, grabbed a beer from the fridge and started to think. What would be the best way to do this? I figured going the route of an open-minded couple would undoubtedly be easiest. That way, I'd at least know they're open to fucking other people and I wouldn't be trying to convince someone to cheat on their partner for the first time. Plus, that made me feel like such a home-wrecker. 

But that still begged the question, where was I supposed to find a couple like this? I couldn't do it online, since then I'd have to reveal that I planned on seducing the both of them. It would be clear if I went to a sex club too. 

I wracked my brain for any couples that I personally knew that might fit the bill, but came up with nothing. I was running out of ideas.

Another cool sip of beer drained down my throat. That sparked an inspiration. I knew a bar not too far from my apartment that was something of a hub for swinging couples. They met up and sought others out, but nothing actually went on there. If I could get a couple separated, I'd have an easy job. 

Obviously that still meant finding a way out to separate the husband and wife. But I'd figure that out when I got there. For now, I had to move quickly. I had no clue what Stacy had planned, or how quickly she could enact the plan. 

I quickly downed my beer and slipped on a skirt without any underwear. The pants and panties had become too much of a bother to take on and off and clean up. Now my pussy could get a little bit of fresh air, and there was better ease of access for a quickie if it came down to it. I liked the look of my half-way open blouse and sweater, so those could stay.

I checked myself out in the mirror. There was still a good amount of dried cum on my face. Some of it had flaked off or gotten brushed away, but if you looked, you could definitely see the remnants of Jack's facial.

After an internal debate, I wiped my face off with a wet wipe. Wearing a load of jizz probably wouldn't be great for seducing a married couple. It did mean that I had to re-do some of my makeup. Once I was done, I was ready and feeling confident in myself. It took me a minute of googling to find the address of the bar, and I called an Uber to pick me up. 

On the ride there, the driver played rap and didn't talk to me. Ordinarily, I wouldn't have complained, but after the last time, I suddenly expected more. Oh well. If I planned on getting fucked by every Uber driver I used, I'd probably end up in triple digits in a month, and there was no way I had time for that. 

I shot a text over to Stacy in our own conversation.

L: fuck this one is hard. got any ideas? 

S: if i did, i wouldn't be sharing them with you. but in all honesty, i'm fucked. what about you? 

I shut my phone down. I figured I'd leave Stacy in suspense and give her some extra motivation to fear her lead. I needed to complete my comeback, and I didn't intend to let the trifles of marriage get in my way. I had places to be and people to seduce.

***

I sat at the bar, martini in hand. My eyes scanned the room, searching out potential targets. 

Sure enough, there were lots of couples scattered around the bar. I guessed at least a few would be oblivious to the nature of the establishment, so I had to be careful in who I picked. 

A couple sat down the bar from me. Early-40s. She had lots of tattoos, definitely open-minded. He looked like a biker maybe. It was a possibility. Aaand they moved over to sit at a table with another couple. No chance now.

My radar pinged again. Late-20s. Both looked clean cut. She was sipping wine. He had a mead in hand. They looked potentially hipster, and maybe free-spirited? No, she was holding his hand tight, with a gigantic engagement ring on her hand. One of the ones to avoid.

There was another couple, maybe in their mid-30s, sitting in a booth just a little bit away from me. I could faintly make out their conversation, and from body language, it was clear they were in some kind of argument.

I looked over the woman. She had brown hair, cut down to the shoulders. She had a cute dress on, but there was certainly enough cleavage to be exposed to tell me that they knew what the bar was for. Her boobs were small like Stacy's, maybe a B, and her butt wasn't much bigger. She was cute and slim, without being supermodel beautiful or having a perfect hourglass figure. 

The guy looked a few years her senior. His hairline had begun to recede a little bit, but he overall looked pretty good still. His shoulders were broad with a slim waist, and the sweater and dress shirt he was wearing signaled that he (or perhaps his wife) had a good fashion sense.

They were definitely arguing. It looked like they were trying to keep the volume low, hut her cheeks were flushed, and he was aggressively pointing a finger at her with an angry face. This could be it. Not only would they both be more likely to fuck me if they were in the midst of a spat, but they likely would separate from each other.

I had assumed correctly. The wife picked up her purse and said one last thing to her husband before storming towards the exit. She strode right past me. She was about my height in those three inch heels.

I needed to follow her. I couldn't let her get away, not when I had this great of an opportunity, and a chance to get ahead of Stacy. I put a 20 down on the bar. The bartender had seen me eyeing the woman as she walked out, and presumably knew what I was going to do.

"I'll be right back," I said to him. "Keep the change for now."

I spun and quickly followed the woman out of the bar.

She was still stomping her way to her car in the parking lot. Added bonus for me. Once she left, I knew her husband would be alone at the bar without an immediate ride, giving me the perfect chance to seduce him as well.

Slight sobbing penetrated the night air. The parking lot behind the bar was not particularly big but was completely full. Luckily, it seemed we were the only ones out.

The woman reached her car and unlocked it. The flashing tail lights illuminated me, and she turned briefly to look at me. I saw tears on her face. It must have been a pretty big row.

"Excuse me, ma'am!" I shouted as I walked briskly towards her.

"Yes?" she choked, wiping tears from her face.

"I believe you dropped this on your way out," I said, and extended my phone out. It was a trick I had used more than a few times to wriggle my way into conversations with hot guys. Of course, I usually had to adapt it a little considering my phone case consisted of hot pink rhinestones.

"Uh no, that's not actually mine," she commented. "But thank you though."

"Just trying to be a good Samaritan." Well, maybe not quite, but she didn't need to know that obviously. 

The woman opened her door and began to get into her car. 

"Um, I'm sorry if this might seem intrusive..." I paused, letting her re-focus her attention on me. "I couldn't help but notice that you were crying. Did someone in there try and do anything to you?"

She shook her head. "Uh, no."

"Are you sure? Cause my brother's a cop and if someone tried to force you to do anything, I can help make sure he gets locked away."

I was lying out of my ass, but I needed to create a sympathetic personality to weave my way into her good graces. God, I sounded like Dennis Reynolds. She'd have to acquiesce, because of the implication...

"No, nothing like that," she sniffled. "I just got into a bit of an argument with my husband."

"Oh, I'm so sorry. Well if he made you cry that much, he seems like a bit of a dick, if you don't mind me saying."

She chuckled. "He can be that at times."

I needed to fill the air as the conversation hit a lull. "I'm Lindsay by the way."

"Karen," she replied and extended her hand out.

"Oh, you look like you need a hug more than a handshake," I said quite forwardly and hugged the woman tightly. She wrapped her arms around me as well and seemed to relax in the embrace.

I held the hug for a few seconds before pulling away. I was leaning back on the SUV next to Karen's car as she leaned on the side of her car, letting us speak directly. 

"So what was so worth it that your husband could make a woman as pretty as you cry?"

Karen blushed a bit. "Oh, just boring personal stuff. You don't want to hear about it."

"Sure I do. Talking with others is a very therapeutic way of relieving stress and moving through problems. I'll be your friend for tonight. You can tell me anything you want to."

Karen smiled. "Well fuck it. You've been the nicest person to me all day."

It was my turn to blush, albeit exaggeratedly. 

"So do you know what other purpose this bar serves?" she asked, being careful to skirt the issue in case I was in fact ignorant.

"If you mean the matter of discreet rendezvous between couples, then yes I am aware."

"Okay. You look a little young to be swinging in a couple. Usually it's for spouses."

"Well, I'm kind of bi, so I try to set up threesomes. It's the only time I really feel like I can let loose and satisfy my cravings of eating pussy."

That certainly got Karen's attention. Under a normal circumstance, I might have actually entertained the idea of a three-way, but I needed her alone for now.

"Oh, really?" Karen asked.

"Yeah. Eating out another woman is one of my all-time favorite things. It's just so sensual and feminine. What about you?"

"Oh, I don't really do that sort of thing. I'm more of a receiver than giver."

"Well we'd be a perfect fit then!" I laughed, with the idea now planted in Karen's mind. I felt like Leo DiCaprio in Inception.

"Haha, yeah," Karen chuckled as well. It did not escape my watchful gaze that her eyes had strayed down to my DD tits and the copious amounts of cleavage on display. "But, I'm not really all that into other girls."

Well, shit. That made things harder. But if I played my cards right, it could be an advantage. "Is that what your husband was upset about?"

Karen chuckled. "Yes, actually. You should be a psychologist." I had gotten really good at judging people's demeanor and the best way to fuck them. If I did ever apply my skills to do good, I could be quite the therapist. But no, I had my heart set on making a fuck-ton of money as a corporate lawyer.

"I shouldn't be telling a stranger all this-"

"I'm not a stranger at all, Karen. I told you. For tonight, we're best friends," I interrupted.

"Oh, you're really the sweetest girl ever, Lindsay."

"I do aim to please, anyway I can."

"Well, our love life has gotten a little stale. Jason, my husband, suggested that we experiment to spice it up. He suggested a threesome. That's when we started arguing. I knew what the bar was for, but hoped that he wasn't being super serious and just wanted to flirt or test the waters. Turns out the fact that I'm nervous about being with another woman means that I'm a stuck-up prude. Because apparently I'm just some object he can use to fulfill his sexual desires." Karen's eyes began welling up a little. "I know that he wants to have sex with Jessie, my best friend. He's just using this whole thing to try to set it up. He can be such an asshole, and he thinks I don't know it." Karen was choking back tears again.

"Oh, shh, shh, calm down," I said, bringing her into a hug once again. "It's all gonna be okay."

Karen cried into my shoulder. "Thanks, Lindsay, but I don't know. I mean, am I not a good wife if I can't make my husband happy?"

"No, I'm sure you're a great wife. You clearly love your husband and you're a good person. He just needs to respect your boundaries in bed."

Karen's crying slowed, but I kept her in a tight hug. "I think I have a great idea," I said.

Karen lifted her head up and we ended the hug. "What's that?"

"Well you said you preferred being a receiver, and you weren't sure if you wanted to fully have sex with another woman. I love eating pussy, which makes us a perfect fit."

"Are you suggesting what I think you're suggesting?"

"If I eat you out right now, you can decide whether or not you like the feel of a woman, without having any pressure or the need to reciprocate."

Karen paused. "Are you sure about this, Lindsay? I mean I barely know you."

The fact that she hesitated told me all that I needed to know. I was successful. Now, to figure out how to film it.

"What are you talking about? I told you, we're best friends tonight. And sometimes, best friends have sex with each other. I do it with mine all the time."

"Really?"

"Of course. So let me do it for you tonight."

I was hardly two feet from Karen. I could see the desire in her eyes. She wanted to do it.

"Umm-"

"No umms," I interrupted.

Without giving her time to reply, I stepped right to Karen. I tilted my head slightly and planted a gentle kiss on her lips. I let it linger for a few seconds before pulling away.

Karen wasn't moving and looked a little unsure of herself. 

"So what's it going to be?"

Karen remained still, trying to convince herself to follow through with her lust. After what felt like an eternity, a small upturned smile appeared on her face.

I moved forward and kissed Karen again, more aggressively this time. She hesitated for a second before responding to my kiss and pressing back against me.

My tongue snaked out, and Karen opened her mouth to receive it. I explored the inside of her mouth with my tongue, and was glad that she began to reciprocate. Our tongues danced together for a minute as we remained locked in a sensual and passionate embrace.

My hands were on Karen's hips, and I slowly pulled the fabric of her dress up as we kissed. Karen took notice and lifted her leg up. My hand ran up her thigh, pushing the dress above her waistline and exposing her panties.

Our legs were intertwined, and as I pulled Karen into me, I felt my upper thigh graze against her panties. My hands had moved to her ass, and I was squeezing and massaging her soft cheeks. I was also subtly rocking her pussy against my thigh, just barely brushing against her clit through her panties. Karen let out a slight moan through our kiss.

I withdrew my tongue from Karen's mouth.

"I've got another idea," I said.

"Your ideas seem to be very risqué. What's this one?"

I took my phone out of my sweater's pocket. 

"Record me going down on you. You can send it to your husband to prove that you're not the prude he thinks you are."

Karen thought for a moment. "That's actually not a bad idea. But I'm not sure..."

"You don't have to worry about identification either since it'll be my face."

"Yeah, that's true... Alright, I guess we can do it."

And that was the video taken care of. 

I unlocked my phone and handed it to Karen. 

"Let's see how pretty your pussy is."

I took a step back and dropped to my knees. Karen had the phone pointed at me, and the bright light told me it was recording. I pushed Karen's dress back up to her stomach, and she reached down with her free hand to hold the bunched-up fabric in place.

My fingers curled into her elastic waistband, and I slowly pulled Karen's panties down her legs, letting them drop to her ankles, where she stepped out of them.

"Wow, it's beautiful!" I remarked. Karen did have a nice pink pussy, with a small strip of trimmed brown hair above it.

"I think it would look better with your face in it," she replied cheekily.

"Ooh! That's the spirit. You're not a prude at all, are you? You're about to be eaten out in a parking lot by a total stranger. Seems very adventurous to me."

"Exactly. See Jason? This is what it looks like when I make my own decisions, and don't have to be pressured by you."

I smiled as my mouth drew nearer Karen's pussy. She was already wet from our kissing.

My tongue extended out and I gave a long lick along the length of Karen's crotch. My tongue came to a rest at her clit, where I stopped and licked my lips.

