 I am a 22 year old small petite girl. 5'3", 100, blonde, 32a and shaved. These are my real life stories. And yes, I prefer to write short stories rather than novels :)

College was as fun sexually as my life is today, except I had many more girls just like me having fun, so we were a little more crazier and unabashed and not as careful as I am today. Don't get me wrong. I am having a lot of fun with a lot of different guys even today, but I select my guys a little more carefully to not put myself at risk. But college days were different.

Invited to a summer party which was about booze and boys and hook ups, I dressed sexy as usual. Short denim skirt, real short, yellow thongs so they could be seen even in the evening under my skirt, tight top, stilettos and my slutty attitude, I showed up at 9PM. The party was rocking. There were close to 70 people at the house. The drinks were every where. Couples were dancing, couples were hooking up and a lot of groping and fondling was all around. As I walked in, a guy even squeezed my ass and said, 'Hi Honey. How about you shake that ass with me.' I smiled and walked in to the house. There were so many good looking guys all over.

Making my way I found my friends and we started to chat and drink. Right through that many guys stopped to introduce themselves and some even asked me to join them to dance. I would go to the dance floor with a guy for a song. Move seductively on the floor and let him rub against me a little or touch me. They all wanted to hang around me but I would find a way to move myself around and get a dance or two with 8 or 9 different guys. I was doing this to decide who I wanted to go upstairs and fuck with. I realized there were 3 guys who were really hot. Rajiv, a guy from India studying here was the hottest. Dark skin, athletic body, great accent and a hard cock that rubbed in my ass often during the dance. He was definitely the better of the 3 guys, and I knew I  wanted to fuck him first.

As the party was in full swing, drinks flowing freely, Rajiv and I started to chat and I would touch his arm and shoulders and lean into him to whisper to get close to him, all the while seducing him. Rajiv was no innocent guy and he knew I was interested. He leaned and we started to kiss. Deep passionate kiss while his hands ran under my mini skirt and grabbed my ass hard. He pulled me closer to him and I could feel his hard cock against my stomach. I knew he was ready so somehow I managed to peel away from his lips and whispered in his ears, 'Lets go up and fuck.' That guy was a puppy following me up the stairs.

A room got empty after 5 minutes of waiting. We took that time to grope and kiss and touch each other even more. My panties surely had a wet spot by now. Rajiv also was running his hands over my panties feeling my wet pussy spots on the panty. He had this grin on his face that I wanted to wipe off, but I needed that brown piece of cock so bad. As soon as the room was empty, we both were in the room, on the bed, the door just shut, not locked. Rajiv was tearing his clothes off as I hit the bed. He spread my legs wide to see my sexy yellow thongs and buried his face to smell my pussy.

He pulled those panties off me, held my legs open and started to eat my tight pussy. He was good. Real good with his tongue. So good that he made me cum right there and then. His cock, which was nice and long was hard. We changed position and he lay on the bed with his cock being sucked by me. I tasted his precum and stroked his cock as I sucked. Rajiv wanted to cum in my mouth but I wanted to be fucked first. So still in my miniskirt, I came on top of him, guided his hard cock in my pussy and started to ride him like a slutty cow girl. Rajiv had pulled my top off as I rode him and he played with my tits. He had good rhythm and he was fucking me really well as I rode him. I told him when he was ready to cum, he had to warn me.

Five minutes of riding him, he was ready to cum, so I got off him, took his cock in my mouth and sucked and stroked him till he came. He had a lot of cum that he downloaded right down my throat. I cleaned him up and turned around to look for my panties when I saw another couple standing there waiting for the bed to be cleared. The girl (Mia) was my class mate and I knew her well. She had a new guy with her and we both smiled knowingly. As Rajiv was starting to get ready, I walked over to Mia and said, lets swap partners and fuck them together. The guy (Jack) was excited because he would have 2 pussies to fuck. Rajiv on the other hand was thinking.

Mia, who was as slutty as me, immediately made her way to the limp cock of Rajiv, took it in her hand, licked at it seductively and asked him, 'will this change your mind?' Rajiv was nodding yes like a kid in a candy store. We locked the door this time and I was down on Jack sucking his cock while he sat on the sofa. Mia was busy putting life in Rajiv's cock. We both girls were busy sucking while the guys were busy running their hands in our hair and pushing down on our head. We both took time sucking our guys.

Mia was not wasting any time and was on the bed naked, doggy style asking Rajiv to fuck her. Rajiv, who was hard by now was in her pussy in a second fucking her while Mia moaned loud. Jack was turned on and asked me to go on the sofa and get in doggy style too. On the sofa, my ass towards him Jack inserted his hard cock in my tight pussy and started to pound me hard. I was not sure between Mia or me, who was louder. Both guys were fucking us hard. Slapping our asses, playing with our tits. Being fucked like that, now by another guy was enough for me and I came hard. So hard cum was flowing down the inside of my thighs. Jack not wanting to cum yet, pulled out and asked Rajiv to change partners. Still hanging over the back of the sofa, Rajiv was behind me and had his cock buried deep in my sloppy pussy. Mia on the other hand was spread wide on the bed and Jack was riding her hard.

Rajiv was ready to explode and he did. I was surprised he managed to get as much cum as he could in me the second time round. He slumped on the sofa next to me and I fell on him all used. Jack on the other hand had just finished cumming in Mia. Jack was also the naughties of the 4 of us. After he pulled out, he asked me to clean his cock while he asked Mia to clean Rajiv's cock. So here we were, the slutty girls now cleaning the other guys cock that had just been in our firneds pussy. But then when has things like that stopped us from having fun?