 The plane made its final turn on its approach to Syracuse Airport. 

"Am I crazy?" I thought to myself. Here I was flying into New York to meet someone I have never met before and I am flying in to meet a woman that I have only conversed over email and instant messenger. As I sat there, I thought about how this whole meeting came to play.

A while back my old college roommate called me out of the blue to come over and visit. He did and we rehashed life during our college days. He kept making references to his older sister that he idolized. She was two years older than the two of us and she had been married for a few years. She was successful and very smart. Since I was a good friend with Mike, I told him to have his sister email me and we can chat about life. Mike talked so much about her that I wanted to see if she was really what he made her out to be. I really didn't think she would email me, however, two days later, I got an email from her. She introduced herself and we made small talk back and forth. 

After a few weeks of emails traveling back and forth, I made a comment about women in their thirties having intense sex drives. She responded back to me that she was ten times hornier now than when she was in college and her husband had no interest in sex except for a 30-second fuck. From there our conversations turned more and more sexual and getting much more graphic. Kidding, I told her that I would give her the most sensual time she has ever had and she came back with a question of when. We sent a few more emails back and forth and I found out that she was very serious. Since I traveled for work, it was easy to get away from my wife. We set up a meeting and I would fly up and we would get a hotel for the weekend. We passed pictures back and forth and chatted via email and instant messenger. 

The plane slammed onto the tarmac runway waking me out of my thoughts. Here I was, going to meet my college roommate's sister for a weekend of sexual bliss. As I stepped out of the jet way, I looked for her. I didn't see her among the hoards of people greeting others from the flight. As I turned and proceeded to baggage claim, she came up to me. 

"Robb?" She said to me in a question, but more as an icebreaker.

"Kris?" I said, already knowing the answer. 

She was very attractive. Much more than I envisioned even though I had seen pictures. She stood about 5'4" tall with a semi-athletic build and the face of a country girl that I found incredibly irresistible. Her eyes were so mesmerizing. The part that I found incredible was her ass. It had just the right curves and it was accented by the business pants she was wearing.

We made small talk as we got the luggage and headed to her car. She wanted me to drive. She told me that she just got out of work and she wanted to get more comfortable. I pulled out of the airport and headed down to the Thruway. We were both very nervous and it showed. Since Kris was a little bold, she made the first move. She removed her silk shirt and bra. Here we are heading west on the highway and she was topless. I stared at her chest. She had a great set of tits that screamed 'suck on me'. Her nipples stuck out pointing in the air. 

"Wow" was all I could get out.

"You think this is hot, watch this," She said as she removed her dress pants.

Sitting there in a pair of sheer thong panties I was staring at this erotic goddess. Twice I almost put the car into the median looking at her. She was everything I dreamed about and more. She stayed that way for miles. A few passing trucks and SUV's got a good look at her. Kris even spread her legs for one passing trucker. She reached over to my cock and said, "Yea, that feels real nice!"

From that point on, the sexual aura around the two of us exploded. There was so much sexual excitement between us that we acted like two school kids about to get laid for the first time.

We arrived at the hotel as horny as two people could get. We checked in and wet up to the room. It was a nice two-room suite with all the comforts of home. Kris ran into the bedroom while I brought our luggage in and set it down in the living area. When I looked up, Kris had returned totally naked. I looked her body up and down slowly... She smiled and paraded around me as if she was in a beauty contest. By the pole in my pants, she had won! Standing there naked, her 38-year-old body showed no signs of age. Her nipples pointed straight out and her pubic mound was groomed into a sexy little hair pie. Her ass was accented by a little curve and her cheeks were extremely firm. I clearly had found the sexual goddess that I could only dream about. After her little prancing around she started to undress me. The lust and hunger showed as she peeled off each layer. As she pulled the final article of clothing, she step back to look at my body. Of course, my cock was standing at attention beckoning her to warm him up. 

The heat and sensual tension in the air just filled the room. Kris came closer to me, wrapping her arms around my shoulders and we locked our lips in a wet tongue-lashing sensual kiss. After tasting each other for a long period of time, Kris whispered in my ear, "Remember what I said? I'm not ready to have you in my pussy yet, but I can tell you that it will be soon." In our emails to each other, Kris expressed that although she desperately wanted this meeting, she was not sure about having me fuck her yet. Since I love eating pussy, I had no problem with that. With that, she snaked her body down to my erect cock. On her knees, she was at the perfect height for facing my cock. She let her lips kiss the head softly. Opening her mouth, her tongue slid out and licked the slit at the tip of my cock.

"Mmmmmm..." I moaned as she touched it.

Taking the base in her hand, she positioned her mouth, opened and slowly pulled my awaiting cock into her wanting mouth. When she had 2/3rd of me in her mouth, she closed down and began sucking. Her hand was matching her mouth. Sucking it in and rolling it out. I was in heaven. She knew how to suck cock and she was taking her time with mine. Feeling the pure ecstasy in her cock-sucking art, I sat in the chair to enjoy it. She was licking and sucking at a nice slow tempo to enjoy the erotic action. In my sensual state I looked up and saw in the corner of the window, a girl. We didn't close the curtains and there was a little section open and there was a girl who was 18 years old watching Kris suck on my cock. 

My cock must have twitched, Kris looked up to me and I had quietly told her that we were being watched from the window. She smiled and continued licking. I shifted position a little so that I could get a better look at the girl and she could get a better look at Kris. As I got a better look at her, I could see that one of her hands was down the front of her soccer shorts and it was moving at a good clip. Her other hand was cupped through her T-shirt onto a small, but firm breast. I whispered to Kris that she was playing with herself and Kris decided to give her something to cum about. She positioned herself, doggie-style so that the girl could see her ass and pussy clearly. She then started fingering herself while sucking on me harder. 

"Ooohhhhhh, Kris!! Suck me harder..." I said loud enough for the girl to hear. My balls we starting to tighten and I could feel the swell of cum ready for Kris' awaiting mouth.

"I'm going to cummmm..." I screamed. 

Kris sucked harder and harder as she wanted my cum in the back of her throat. She was fingering herself to a good orgasm as I shot my hot wad into her angrily sucking mouth.

"Fuuuuuccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk..."

My load hit the back of her throat and she had her orgasm shudder through her body. Milking the rest of the cum from me, Kris sucked me as I went limp. Both of us turned to look at the girl and could see that she was in the passion of an orgasm. Kris went to the door and listened as the girl finished her orgasm. When she finished, a naked Kris opened the door and a very embarrassed young girl with her hand in her shorts stared at her. 

"Did you enjoy watching?" Kris asked with a big grin on her face. 

"Y-y-yes." The young girl said. "I was walking by and I saw you naked and I... was... curious." 

Kris helped the girl take her hand out of her pants and started sucking on her fingers. "Mmmm... You taste very sweet."

With a quick move that the girl didn't realize, Kris slid the girl's fingers through her own pussy and fed it up to the girl's mouth. The girl accepted her fingers and licked then clean. The young girl smiled at Kris.

"If you are interested later on getting a real good taste of that, stop by tonight and I'll give you all that you like." Kris told her. "By the way, what is your name?"

The smiling girl said, "Cindy. ... I'd like to stop by tonight but my parent's might not let me out. We are going to look at a college in the morning."

Kris told her that she could stop by if she could get out. Cindy turned and headed down the hall. Closing the door, Kris turned to me and smiled.

"She did have a very sweet pussy."

"Have you ever eaten pussy before?" I asked.

"Only my own. Now it's your turn. Let's go to bed."

With that, we headed into the bedroom. I let her lead so I could watch her ass. "Absolutely incredible." I thought to myself. "How could I be so fortunate to find her?"

I positioned Kris on the bed so that her legs we hanging over the side and I was kneeling between her legs. There was a fresh sex smell emanating from her beautiful pussy. As I spread her pussy lips wide open, I could see the moistness glistening off her lips. I lowered my tongue and licked each lip, savoring the sweetness of her nectar. 

"Ohhh...my!!"

I continued to lick up and down each lip, taking in Kris' tasty cum juice. Her breathing became labored as I picked up the pace. Sensing the building orgasm, I started nibbling on her pussy. Taking little nibbles from her lips and driving my tongue into wet hole. 

"Oh, fuck... oh, shit... Oh, my..." She let out.

"This is so fucking hot... I can feel it... I feel my cummmmmmmmm..." And then it hit her. "Fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk, oooooooooohhhhhhhhh, shiiiiiiiiiiittttttttttt... I'm cummmmmmmiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnngggg..."

The wave of her orgasm didn't stop. Kris just kept cumming... I kept licking her pussy and nibbling a little harder as I was holding her down with my arms. Her bucking was getting wild. Her orgasm finally subsided after 5 long minutes of pique intensity. I had to stop because I feared she was near passing out. 

Letting her rest a little, I laid down next to her and stared at her beauty. 

It was a while before she said anything to me. But then, she finally spoke, "Robb, I have never had an orgasm like that before. How did you keep it going like that?

Honestly, I didn't know. I did know that the sensuality between us did help. I just smiled and didn't answer her question. "Did you know that I didn't even touch your clit?"

As if I hit her of the head, she sat up. "Are you telling my that you never hit my clit through all that?

"Can you imagine when I do?" was all I said to her. 

She laid back down and we held each other in our arms and drifted to sleep.

I awoke to Kris sucking on my cock. "What a feeling!" I thought. She was making love to my cock with her tongue and lips. It was incredible. Clearly, she knew how to give a blowjob and she was the best I had ever experienced. Her talents were beyond any amateur that had taken my manhood in their mouths. Running my fingers through her hair, she looked up at me and smiled. Coming up to me, we kissed. 

"Robb, I want to try something..." she said. "I've never done it before, but you are so erotic that I want to try it."

"Ok...what..." I started.

"No, just do as I say."

She told me to lie face down on the bed. I did. Then she straddled me with a leg on each side of my body facing down towards my ass. I heard her get something from her bag and then something popped; like a bottle. Next thing I knew, Kris was massaging my ass with an oil. It was very relaxing as she kneaded each ass cheek with her palms and rolled her fingers around my crack. I was enjoying her fingers when she slid a finger into my ass. She only went in a little, but it felt incredibly hot. She took it out and proceeded to do it with every finger. Over and over she penetrated my ass. She was going deeper and deeper. The feeling was fucking awesome. I felt as if I could cum right there. She stopped for a second and then I knew why. She was positioning herself so she could stick her tongue in my ass. When she did, it felt like my ass was on fire. This was un-fucking-believable. I was so hot... I knew I was close to cumming with her fingers and tongue sliding in and out of my ass. Then I heard a hum. I wasn't sure what it was until it was penetrating my ass. Kris had a finger vibrator sliding right in my ass.

"Oooooooooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhh...Kris...I'm cummmminnnggg!!"

I was cumming from her working on my ass. The feeling was so intense, I felt like I was going to pass out. She just kept fingering my ass over and over. 

Finally, she stopped and came up to me. As she looked at me and smiled, I could barely see her since I was exhausted from enjoyment.

"I wanted to try that on you." She told me. "Since we both want to try creative things, I thought it would be kewl to finger fuck your ass."

"That was awesome." I said in a babbled state. "I have never cum from anything like that." 

"Let's go take a bath." She instructed.

Getting up slowly and very satisfied, I found my way to the bath where Kris had fixed up a very sexy bath with oils. We both got into the roman tub and embraced in a warming hug. I just kept thinking to myself, "How lucky I am! This can't be real. What a beautiful and talented woman Kris is." We enjoyed the bath for a long time. After we went to get a bite to eat. Neither of us put on any underwear, just a simple T-shirt and loose shorts. We went to restaurant right down the street and ordered. Occasionally, Kris would flash her tits at me. Once she even did it so that the waiter caught her. We didn't care and neither did he. After we ate, we took a little walk. Playing, teasing and enjoying each other's company. Before we got back to the room, Kris pulled off her top and walked topless through the lobby of the hotel. Talk about sexy!! Wow... I was rock hard watching her idly walk by the desk and pass a couple of people. We got up to the room and she pulled off her shorts at the door. Once inside, she pulled my clothes off and looked at me lustfully.

"I want you in my pussy, NOW!" She demanded from me. "No, foreplay...nothing... I want you to fuck me and fuck me till we cum."

I followed her into the bedroom and positioned her on the bed. I opened her legs and positioned my cock at the entrance to her pussy. She was soaked. I ran my cockhead up and down her lips and the cum came flowing out. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmm..." she moaned.

I found her opening and gave her one hard thrust and slammed my cock all the way in her pussy.

"That's it!!" she told me. "Ohhhhhhhhh, you are fucking hot..."

I began to piston in and out of her slowly. Enjoying her hot velvet lips grasping my cock. I picked up speed as she started to buck.

"Fuck me... Fuck me... I'm about to cum..." She screamed at me.

I started slamming into her harder and harder. My cock was feeling the muscles of her pussy gripping it tighter and tighter. It felt like a virgin pussy the way her muscles gripped my cock.

"AAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh, here it cummmmmsss" She let out. I didn't stop, I rammed her as hard as I could... "Ooohhhhhhh, Robb..."

As her scream of passion hit... I let my own load of hot cum explode out of me. "Fuck...Krissss... I...mmm..." My jism shot right up into her pussy. I kept pounding beyond my explosion as Kris had another orgasm hitting...

"Another... I'm cummmming..." She screamed, wrapping her legs around my ass drawing me further into her if it was possible.

The sweat from the two of us in our furious sexual play was soaking the bed. But it wasn't has bad as the puddle of cum we made with our fucking. There was so much cum on the bed, it made a puddle about eight inches wide.

We finally slowed our pace and just hugged each other, rolling to the side of the bed where there wasn't any wet spot. In the comfort of each other's arms, we fell asleep.

What would tomorrow bring???