 (This story is written in Modified Script format)

*

It had been 5 years since I last saw my college roommate and 10 years since we graduate from college and parted ways. Cal was my best friend, we had lived in the dorms for the first 2 years and then we moved into an apartment near campus for the last two years. We were inseparable after our random assignment as roommates from the first day of freshman year. Cal had recently arrived in town for a business meeting during the week and we made arrangements for him to spend the weekend with us. The 'us', is my wife Lacy and it was our wedding when we last saw Cal. He had been close to getting married once, but it did not work out. 

Our little trio had just returned home from dinner and sat down at our home for drinks. Our conversations had continued for several hours as well as several drinks. Lacy was a good sport about the evening and she seemed to enjoy the conversation about our college days, but she had also enjoyed a good quantities adult beverages. We had taken a break to get more comfortable and change into our sleep clothes for the night. I returned and sat down at the breakfast bar in the kitchen with Cal on the opposite side. It was about a half hour later that Lacy returned to the kitchen wear a nightgown, much sexier than her normal sleepwear. She sat down next to me at the bar and began listening to our reminiscing. 

She gave me that look, the one that invites me to join her in our bed for some 'Action'. We continued our conversations, but that did not stop my lovely bride. She began lightly rubbing my leg below the table where Cal could not see. When that did not get me to retire to our bedroom, she reached down and pulled my boxers to the side to let my genitals hang free. She paused for a moment and then reached down and began to lightly touch my balls. I continued my conversation with Cal without him being aware of the situation of my bride's amorous actions. I was completely enjoying her attentions. She did not seem to be frustrated by my ignoring of her affections, but seemed to take it as a challenge.

She then raised her hand to her chin and mouth as if to rest her head on her hand, but I knew what she was doing and this made me a bit more excited. After a short moment she removed her hand and lowered it below the counter with a hand full of saliva that she put to use by squeezing the head of my penis and then stroking it lightly. As she did this I started up a new line of conversation, she did not take this too kindly as she squeezed my penis quite hard and held it hard. I yawned. Ok, it was a fake yawn and she relaxed her grip. I attempted to wrap up the conversation and she began a slow rhythmic stroking of my penis. I found it hard to focus on the conversation as she held my penis firmly near the tip and began to rotate the pressure on her fingers in order one at a time. I told Cal that I was going to head off to bed and to this my bride leaned in and gave me a passionate kiss, leaving my package hanging stiff in the breeze. She wished Cal a goodnight. We both stopped talking and turned to watch her figure as she exited the room. 

Cal: "I think your wife is calling for you and I am going to catch up on a few emails before heading to bed. You go and enjoy her." 

Jay: "You're a good friend. I'll see you in the morning." 

I adjust my junk back into my boxers and excused myself for the night. Lacy left the bedroom door open and had a lamp on in the bedroom that she knew that I liked to leave on, so I could see her beautiful body. She was laying naked on the bed with her legs wide open for my view. She was showing her cleanly shaved vulva. I stood there for a moment to enjoy the view. She was a moderately built woman, not skinny, nor fat. I loved every bit of her body. She has full figured body with gorgeous wide hips and beautiful breasts, with nipples that were standing at attention at this moment. She squirmed her firm buttocks back and forth into the mattress and I could not wait any longer. I closed the door and approached her crawling up from the foot of the bed and slowly moved up her body lightly caressing her all the way from foot, leg, thigh, hips, waist, between her breasts and gave her a most passionate kiss. I reached down and began to caress her breasts as I always loved to do. She reached down and grabbed my penis and pulled it to her vagina. It seemed that she was very eager to get straight to it this time. I obliged her by inserting just the tip, holding it there and then inserting further. She was quite wet, but as I was still a bit dry, I pulled back and then fully inserted grounding my penis as deep as I could go. She began to push hard up into me and I returned by thrusting hard back in return. It was a short moment later when I suddenly I could feel my juiced rumble and I ejaculated during a series of hard thrusts. 

Jay: "Wow, that came upon me suddenly, but with all of the foreplay I received in the kitchen, I guess I am not too surprised."

Lacy: "Can you go again?"

Jay: "It is going to take a minute, but I have a solution, and I think you are going to like him?"

Lacy: "You mean 'it' right."

Jay: "No, I mean 'him', Cal. I am going to go get him." 

Lacy: "Wait!" she complained in a half hearted voice.

Jay: "You know that you are not going to put up a big fight on this. You have shared in the past that you find Cal very attractive. I will be right back."

I knew that she had a fair amount to drink and that she was quite horny at this moment and although we had always been faithful and exclusive to each other and had never brought anyone into our relationship, I have so much love for her that anything that would make her happy, would make me happy. And right now she wanted sexual satisfaction and my finger stimulation was only going to be partially satisfying for her right now. So tonight I was going to give her a sexual experience that she would remember for her life. I walked into the next room and to speak with Cal still naked from my short encounter with my bride.

Jay: "Can you join me for a moment" 

Cal had a puzzled look on his face. 

Jay: "Well, do you remember Tori?"

Cal: "Holy Crap!" "Seriously!" 

Jay: "Yes, we have another Tori, right now, so come on, let's go."

I started returning to the bed room, stopped and waited for Cal to put down his laptop. He walked to join me down the hall. I walked in the doorway to the bedroom only to see that all the lights were now on and Lacy was laying in the bed assuming the same position that she was in for me a moment ago. I stepped clear of the door to allow Cal to enter the room and I stole my eyes away from my naked bride so that I could see the expression on Cal's face as he walked into the room. He had a brief look of shock on his face and then I could see his expression change to that of nervous enjoyment as he was taking in the beauty of my naked wife. I could see that he was looking at her face to make sure that she was very willing to participate in this event. I slid in behind him, very close behind him, in a manner to make him take another step into the room. He looked back at me for a moment to see the confident smile that I was giving him, so that he would know that we were both ok with this. I took another step closer to Cal, and bumped him with my leg to make him take another step. Now that he was closer to the bed, I pulled his boxers down in a quick jerking motion, like pantsing a fellow classmate in grade school. He did not even turn around, but just looked into my wife's eyes. Correction, he was looking at her leaking vagina and breasts, I am not sure he acknowledged her eyes at this moment. 

His erection began to grow. I walked around to the chair off to the side of the bed and sat on the edge, still with a limp penis, but I could feel something starting to stir in myself. Lacy held out her hand and Cal slowly and a bit cautiously stepped out of his briefs and sat down on the side of the bed. She gently reached over his legs and cupped his testicles which quickly brought him to a full erection. He lowered himself alongside her on the opposite side from where I was and began to suckle at her round bountiful breast. He then brought his other hand up to stroke her clitoris, passing by her vaginal lips along the way to moisten her up. Cal was a skillful lover as the ladies in college had always remarked. His penis was a bit larger than mine and was curved a bit more, I am sure that it helped the ladies to enjoy the experience. 

I could then see Lacy pull at his shoulder shifting him on top of her. He took the hint, and he shifted his body on top of her, rubbing his full body against her as he moved. He then pulled back swiping several fingers across her vaginal opening and used the liquids that he found there to lubricate his penis. He penetrated her in a slow a gradual single movement. She let out a gasp. He began to thrust into her moderately at first and then with more vigor. As I watched this scene, at this moment I found my wife to be the most beautiful woman that I had ever seen her. And I felt more love for her than I can ever recall. She then rotated her hips back and up, to allow him full and deep access. They continued this way for some time until Cal rolled her on top of him without ever fully removing his penis from inside of her. (I am going to ask him about that maneuver as I always seem to fall out when I try it.) 

Lacy moved one leg at a time around him to sit up, allowing her hair to cascade fully around her hair partially obscuring her face. She began to grind into him stroking hard and deep into him while also making full contact with her clitoris. She quickly was rewarded with an orgasm that was followed a few seconds afterwards with a second glorious orgasm. She continued her grinding movements and then curled her head to the side and with an arm she moved her hair to one side of her head and then looked over to me. I mouthed the words 'I LOVE YOU' to her and she started to attempt to return the thoughts, but Cal was thrusting up hard into her and she was bucking and moving too much. 

Just then Cal pushed harder into her than he had thus far and I recognized the signs of his orgasm. After he finished, she fell on top of him mashing her breasts into his chest. She rested there for a brief moment, and then slid off of him to lay on her belly. They both were catching their breath as I had walked around to the side of the bed near Lacy and raised her hips in the air and mounted her from behind, taking a moment to find her wet vagina. I could feel Cal begin to move as I once again felt the warmth of my wife's velvety vagina. Lacy shifted her shoulder over on top of Cal.

Lacy: (whispering as she spoke very slowly and to the rhythm of my thrusts) "I am not through with you yet C-A-L!" 

She locked her lips onto one of his nipples, as she rubbed her hands all over his chest. She then grabbed his hand and moved it to her clitoris, holding him there. I could then feel the movement of his hand as I thrusted into her from behind. It did not take long for her to orgasm and as she did she pushed her hand hard into his hand, but Cal kept working on her. She quickly orgasmed once again (she often did orgasm in pairs). Her vagina was so velvety smooth and well lubricated with our mutual juices. 

I backed off of her to shift positions and she moved her head down to Cal's midsection. I was a bit shocked because she has only given me oral sex a few times. But instead, she open her mouth and inserted one of his testicles, giving a light sucking, then opening wider and she took them both into her mouth. I looked up to see Cal expression and he really enjoyed this. She then rubbed her breasts the full length down this legs while spreading her legs wide giving Cal a full view of her womanhood. He did not waste the opportunity and inserted his thumb into her well lubricated vagina and used his finger to work on her clitoris. She collapsed on top of him as he continued to work her clit. She continued to fondle both of us. 

She pushed me to lie face up on the bed and sat down on top of me, facing away, with her vaginal lips surrounding my shaft. She rocked back and forth. I could feel her reach her hand down to gather up some of the mutual juices that we were all sharing and she lather my penis up. She then raised her hips up slightly and lowered her anus onto my penis, very slowly. When she had fully inserted my penis she laid her back down onto my chest and motioned for Cal, who had been enjoying the view and how Lacy had taken control. Cal figured out that she was ready for him to make this a true 3-way and not just two men in the same room, taking turns with a woman, but now three people having sex together. He climbed on top of her and inserted his manhood into her, and I could fell his penis glide into her vagina and massage my penis in the process. 

I moved very little at this point, but Lacy and Cal did plenty of moving for both of us. At one point Lacy held Cal's butt hard and steady and she slid up and down pushing deep onto both of our shafts, then she relaxed and let Cal push into her. His movements rocked both of us and she slid in and out over my penis. I could feel the tip of his penis with every motion in the tightness of her anus. And then it happened. I erupted my juices into her dark cavern, as Cal's penis was hitting me just right. It was only seconds later that I heard Cal breathing heavy and ready to blow his wad, but it was Lacy that orgasmed next, followed quickly by Cal. We all fell apart and collapsed onto the bed. After a few minutes of recovery time we repositioned into a three across spoon with Lacy in the middle. 

We must have all fallen asleep at this point, as the next thing that I saw was light shining through the window. Lacy was still naked and climbed over me to head to the bathroom. She was just finishing peeing and washing her hands, when I came up behind her gave her and gave her a big hug as my limp penis slipped between her butt cheeks. I then kissed her on her neck and whispered in her ear. 

Jay: "I have never loved you more than I do right now."

Lacy: "I love, love, love you more than ever."

With that she jumped into the shower. I relieved myself and joined her in the shower. A few moments later Cal walked by the shower to pee. As he walked back past the shower Lacy opened the shower door and grabbed him by the shoulder and pulled him into the shower with us. It was a bit snug with the three of us in there, even though it is a large shower. We took turns soaping up each other and getting each other clean. I was behind Lacy shampooing her hair while Cal was soaping up her vulva and anus from a squatting position, as Lacy was shampooing his hair. 

We took turns rotating into the main water stream and then soaping each other up again. We both made sure that she had the cleanest breasts in the world. There was no sex in the shower, but we all enjoyed the experience very much. I stepped out of the shower first followed by Cal and then my wife, as we each finished rinsing off. We lightly dressed and headed to the kitchen. As we sat there drinking our coffee, it dawned on Lacy that as I left her to go retrieve Cal last night, that I was only out of the room for a very short time. 

Lacy: "So Cal, tell me, what did my husband say to get you to join us in the bedroom so quickly."

Cal looked at me briefly, as if to gain approval for being open and sharing with his comments. I made no expression and I could tell that he took this as no objection to share freely. 

Cal: "Well, this was not the first time that the two of us had shared the pleasures of a woman's body. Her name was Tori. Jay told me that we had another Tori."

Lacy: "Oh, you both have to tell me this story!"

Jay: "We were just a month into our junior year at college and as juniors we were allowed to move out of the dorms to off campus housing, so we moved into a 2 bedroom apartment. We had gone down the street to the local pub and sat down to have a few beers. We started up a conversation with a girl that we had seen on campus a few times, her name was Tori. And... Cal, what was her sister's name?"

Cal: "I do not remember, but I am shocked that you don't remember, she almost changed your life forever."

Lacy: "Holy crap, what did she do."

Jay: "We started up a conversation with these two ladies in the pub that introduced themselves as cousins. Tori was a sophomore and her so called cousin introduced herself as a freshman. We had wonderful flirtatious conversation, so we invited the girls to walk back to our apartment. Upon arrival we quickly paired up as Cal invited Tori to his bedroom. I turned on the TV in the living room, but quickly shifted our activities to a bit of necking with the cousin. 

Lacy: "I am enjoying the story but why are you going into such detail about your encounter with this girl that you do not remember her name?"

Jay: "Oh, this part of the story is very relevant. I invited this young lady to my room where I told her that I had some protection. As we walked to my bedroom, she excused herself to go pee. I watched her slight frame of a body walk away and it struck me at how petite she was. Something just did not feel right, so I returned to the living room and went through her backpack as she had no purse. She had a wallet in her pack with no ID in it, which was very odd. There were several text books in her pack, but I did not recognize the Algebra text book from the course that I had taken as a freshman. As I opened the Algebra book I saw a stamp on the inside cover with her name hand written on the bottom of a list with several others above it. The stamp read, Property of some local high school. She was not in college, but in high school, and she was likely a freshman and that meant that she was a child. 

I confronted her when she exited the bathroom and she began to cry and admitted that she was 14. I left her in the living room with the TV on and walked straight into Cal's bedroom. Cal was laying naked on the bed with the mostly naked Tori, with only her panties on. I was VERY PISSED OFF. I am sure that I was fuming and a bit of a scary sight as I barged into the room. I screamed, SHE IS ONLY 14! Tori, reached out her hand to me. I continued my rant, as I was very concerned that if things went any further I could go to jail for having sex with a 14 year old, even if she was a willing participant. But Tori continued to hold her hand out to me, while saying nothing. I continued my rant asking how could she have been in a pub without being 18, they check ID's! Tori continued to hold out her hand to me. 

I eventually walked over to her in the bed, hardly realizing that this beautiful young lading was laying topless in the bed next to my naked roommate. She reached for my hand, pulled me to sit on the bed and kissed me full on the lips. I continued my objections, but not quite as crazed. She once again kissed me a little longer this time. She turned, kissed Cal and then kissed me again. It took a moment for me to understand her solution. She reached into the end table and took out another condom, as she had already seen Cal retrieve one from there. She then undressed me. I offered her no assistance and let her completely undress me including lowering my boxer briefs, which she could have done a bit more gently. She opened the condom and rolled it onto my erect penis. She then turned to Cal and grabbed his condom and she placed it on Cal's penis. 

I then realize that this was really going to happen. Both of us were about to have sex with this same woman and we were both excited about the prospect. She then laid down and Cal leaned in to kiss her while, I went directly to her breasts. Cal spun around and mounted her on top as I slid out of the way, but I continued to play with her breasts. Cal pushed hard into her with a number of hard thrusts and within a few short minutes he exploded into her. I wasted no time and slid on top of her and inserted my penis into her vagina. I was surprised that she was still very tight even after already having sex, all be it brief sex with Cal. I was not better than Cal and ejaculated quite quickly. I was young."
