 These are the stories of my college years. As I am simply choosing what turns me on, on any particular day, they are not necessarily in order...

*****

In the winter of 1974, after Christmas break, I went back to Dunwoody University for the second semester.

I had grown tired of working in the bakery and I figured I could always transfer to another school if Dunwoody, the "Country Club of the North" drove me crazy again.

This time, I was in a newer campus dorm with a roommate. The room was divided by a partition so that each of our cubicles was about ten by ten feet. He got the door, I got the window. He was old Eastern money and had a very staid, organized room. 

I hung a tie-dyed cargo parachute hanging from my ceiling; had a 15-gallon drum with a riot of plants growing in front of the window; a funky Indian carpet; and black light posters (with the black light) and other posters of the times.

I hadn't cut my hair since I got the bakery job and I grew my scraggly beard back. I was a hippie once more. The rooms were always warm so, I usually just hung out naked.

And, because I had the window and was away from the door, I could open the window where our dorm fronted the golf course and get high whenever I wanted without worrying about being busted. And, I did... I spent a lot of time, naked and stoned, masturbating to my erotic fantasy world.

My roommate, Dick, was a jock on the track team; old money; fraternity; and much squarer and dignified than I was. But - he would occasionally get high with me and, all he asked was that I pull the curtain that separated out two halves of the room if I was going to hang around naked. He didn't want it to look like I was "gay."

He had this whole thing about not wanting to look like a queer.

Whatever.

It was an all boy's dorm though and the bathroom was right across the hallway from our room so, in the morning, I'd walk through his room naked, and go to the bathroom with my piss hard on bobbing in front of me. It was almost perverted, but not quite... Some other guys on the hall were also a little casual about nudity.

It wasn't until March that Pamela finally came to visit. I had spent a couple of months jerking off to my fantasies, stoned and by myself, and I wanted her bad.

On Friday night, I met her at the bus station and, after practically raping her with my tongue; making out and grinding my hard cock against her groin in public, I asked her if she was hungry.

She said yes, a little confused.

I gave her a brownie that I had made for her...

Pam was young and in love with me and inclined to go along with most things I suggested but, she wasn't stupid.

"Greg," she complained, "You know I don't like to do pot."

"No," I said, "You don't like to smoke pot. And, what is in the brownie isn't grass, it's hashish."

Well, Pam wasn't stupid but, she also knew squat about drugs...

"What?" she asked.

"It's not the same as weed," I wheedled. "I guarantee it. It's a totally different experience... C'mon Pam - it'll be fun."

"All right," she said. "But just this time."

She ate the brownie.

She told me that it did taste a little funny, like it had a bitter musty spice in it, but that it was actually pretty good.

I gave her another while I lit up a hash oil laced joint and smoked on the way back to campus.

I parked the car and went to show her around campus, now fondling her luscious body from time to time as the hash took effect.

I was the projectionist for the campus theater so, we finally went up to the projection booth, locked the door and I started taking her clothes off.

"Ohhhhh Greg..." she breathed, a little apprehensive. "I think I'm high."

"Oh yeah," I said, "I'll bet you are."

She started swaying a bit, in a sensual manner, watching me as I stripped her.

She was hot and wet and moaned a bit as I caressed her naked flesh; her wet cunt and breasts as I took off each piece of clothing.

She leaned back against the wall, opening her legs and moving her hips against my hand as I fingered her soaking wet cunt. 

"Oh God Greg, OH GOD! That feels soo good!" she cried out as I licked her hard, naked nipples, sucking on her tits while I fucked her hot flowing vagina with my hand.

I laughed and led her over to the open projection window overlooking the auditorium. There was no one there and I turned her around, gently pushing her upper body out the window so her upper half was outside in the auditorium, her naked tits swaying back and forth as she moaned at this exhibitionist behavior.

I dropped my pants and underwear, pushed her down further, opened her throbbing gash with my fingers and took her from behind, shoving my hard meat into her with one thrust.

"AAHHHHHHHHHH!" she cried out into the empty auditorium as I grabbed her hips and began fucking her, slamming in and out of her liquid fuck hole.

I was hammering away at her cunt while she screamed out in stoned passion into the empty auditorium. God, my cock was aching. I had been without sex for so long and Pamela was so fucking hot and high.

"AAaahhhh fuckkkkk!" I moaned as I spurted my hot seed into her wet, luscious cunt hole while she continued to moan like a woman possessed, her cries audible to anyone that would have been there.

It was so fucking great!

When I was done, I helped her get dressed but we left her bra and panties off. 

Then, we walked over to the student union for some food. We both had the real munchies by now.

Her rigid nipples stuck out from her fat tits, plainly visible through her shirt and my cum and her wet juices soaked her crotch and I could smell our fuck. 

Normally, Pamela would have been embarrassed to be such a whore in public. But she was still high, so this was just another ego boost that she could be so sexy where everyone could see. I got hard all over again, sitting there, drinking in the sight and smell of her having just been fucked.

I don't know if anyone else really noticed but, by the time we left to go back to my dorm room, I was ready to fuck her brains out again.

When we got to the room, I just took Pamela into my arms and kissed her long and hard and, once more, our tongues danced in each other's mouths.

Then I sat down in my desk chair and, since we were both still as high as a kite, I said "Take your clothes off. Strip for me."

She put her hands to her breasts, caressing her own hard nipples through her shirt and she began stripping, slipping out of her blouse with sensual twists and turns, exposing her beautiful large breasts.

I opened my pants and pulled out my cock, stroking my own hard meat as she wiggled out of her tight pants with her ass towards me and then turned to face me, her black bush wet with our previous fuck.

She was gorgeous. Her fat nipples were sticking out hard from her perfect round breasts.

She sauntered over to me like the hot slut that she was and I put my hands on her wide hips, her cunt bush just inches in front of my face. I loved the smell of our fuck juices. As I slid my hands down her sweet ass, I marveled at her hot, smooth skin. She smelled dirty and sweet at the same time and she gave a little groan as my hands moved around, grazing the back of her inner thighs.

"Straddle the chair," I commanded and she obliged, putting her naked legs on either side of mine.

Then, I pulled her naked body down onto my waiting cock. Her own hands went to her cunt lips and she opened herself to receive my hard manhood into her wet vagina. 

"Oohhhhhh," she breathed and shuddered, wrapping her arms around me as I penetrated her hot love tunnel again. 

I kissed her face and smiling at her I said, "Now, fuck me."

I put my hands behind my head while she put hers on my shoulders and started pushing herself up and down on my rigid prick. It was so nice to watch her eyes and then her tits with their hard nipples bouncing up and down in front of me and then her half open mouth as she panted, loving the whole scene.

"Ohhhh God, I love you, Greg, oh God, oh God... ooohhhhh, uhhh, uhhhh," she moaned as she slid up and down my pole, mashing her cunt against the root of my prick , faster and faster as she grew more excited.

I let her do all the work, loving the power, the sluttiness of her fucking me.

I started breathing faster and then again felt my whole body turning on; revving up with raunchy lust at this naked girl fucking me just the way I wanted in my dorm room.

We were so high on hot fucked drugged out sex. It was unbelievable!

I wanted to prolong the moment as long as I could, but I couldn't take her hot, hot cunt sucking my too much unused prick so, I suddenly grabbed her and slammed her down onto my meat and my heated sperm shot out my cock again, deep into her belly.

"Uhhhhhhhhhh," I groaned, cumming inside of her, my naked hips twitching as they thrust upwards.

I buried my face in her warm breasts, panting on her nipples, still fucking her hot naked body up and down until, finally, I came down from a terrific orgasm...

I was still trembling and Pamela was panting as our mouths met again, my cock still hard in her warm, wet sheath.

I continued to play with her nipples and we tongued each other, my mouth traveling over her face and neck. She was so delicious.

While we were still sitting there, Dick walked in.

Pam's back was to the curtain that divided our room and as Dick looked at us in wry disbelief, he reached to close it.

"Oh... Greg," Pamela said to me as she caught a glimpse of him and buried her face in my shoulder. 

I raised my hand to Dick and, still really high, I waved him off, telling him to leave the curtain open.

"Pamela, I'd like you to meet my roommate, Dick," I said to her, pulling her face off my shoulder and looking into her glazed eyes.

"Greg?" she whispered, shocked, but still stoned out of her gourd.

"Be polite," I said indicating she should acknowledge Dick...

... It was odd, but, even totally stoned, the one thing in common that we all had was that we were all pure-blooded WASPs. And, therefore, we were all polite...

Pamela looked unsure, but, still high, she turned towards Dick, my hard shaft still throbbing inside of her and said, "Hi, I'm Pamela."

I lifted her off my cock and set her on her feet saying, "You can at least shake his hand..."

She looked at me unbelieving, and then laughed nervously.

"Hi, I'm Pamela," she said, sticking out her hand.

"Uhh, hi, uh, Pamela," Dick mumbled taking her hand as her luscious tits stared at him, "I'm Dick..."

He couldn't help but stare at her beautiful naked body, her cunt hairs soaked with our combined fuck juices. The room smelled of hot fuck sex.

"We were just getting caught up with a few things," I said, standing up and letting my pants fall to the floor.

My hard prick glistened with my cum and Pam's cunt juice. 

I took off my pants and said, "You don't mind if Pamela stays in our room this weekend, do you Dick?"

"Uh, no, uh, heh," Dick gave a half - hearted chuckle as he watched me get naked as Pam stood there, waiting for me to tell her what to do.

I walked up behind Pamela and pressed my slippery cock into the crevice of her ass, reaching my hands around her to stroke her nipples as I nibbled on her neck. 

"Ohhhh," she moaned, letting go and letting me take control again as I put her naked form on display for my roommate.

Dick's mouth fell open and I put my hands around Pam's breasts and lifted them up, saying, "Here, try one of them."

Pam closed her eyes as I offered her hard nipples to Dick.

Pamela moaned as Dick reached out and tentatively touched her little hard points of desire.

"Oohhhh God! Oohh, what are you doing?" moaned Pam as her naked body was being caressed by two different men.

Dick fondled her nipples, not really believing this was happening, while I slipped my hands down Pam's smooth belly. I kept on going and reached her wet cunt bush. I pulled open her labial lips, while she gasped.

"Ohhhh," Pam's moaned as she leaned against my naked body, my cock in her ass crack.

She opened her legs to allow my fingers to press against her aroused clitoris. She gave a jerk and deep, shuddering groan as I rubbed her hot clit and she bit her bottom lip in ecstasy.

I pressed my cock and balls against her fat ass, humping her while pulling her to me by her cunt lips.

"Take off your clothes and join us," I panted to Dick as Pam's naked body writhed against mine.

Dick dropped his hands from her tits and wasted no time taking off his clothes as I continued to finger Pam's wet slit, opening her up, putting her on display as Dick 

stripped down.

"Ohhh.. ohhh... ohh," she started moaning and swaying with pleasure as Dick got naked.

He began to touch her breasts again, playing with her nipples and I stuck out my tongue at him, jerking my head, indicating that he should kiss her.

"AHHHmmmmm," Pam moaned as Dick covered her mouth with his, sticking his tongue into her and pressing his hard cock against her wet cunt.

His prick was about the same shape and size as mine even though his body was thinner and more muscular than mine was. He was in pretty good shape as a track jock.

I felt his prick and her dripping pussy as I continued caressing Pamela's young naked body. I held open her cunt lips for Dick's cock to slide against and smiled at him. 

Then I pushed Pam towards the bed, shoving her down on my mattress and knelt, my face at her wet pussy, spreading her legs and said: "Suck him." 

Dick straddled me as she pulled Dick's cock to her waiting mouth and I began to eat her hot cunt.

I loved the warm, musky smell of her fuck box and the pungent-raunch taste of her fluids and my cum. I slipped my tongue inside her wet slit and then brought up our fluids to her clit while she took Dick's restless cock between her lips. I could see both of his hands pulling at her breasts as she pulled more of his rod into her mouth. 

Pamela gurgled on Dick's cock as I licked and sucked her hot box, making her gasp and choke around his tool. The whole world was a blaze of sensations - Pam's cunt, the smells and taste and feel, with Dick's legs rubbing against my naked back, his hands brushing the top of my head while he fondled Pam's tits as Pam's naked body writhed back and forth, sucking his hard prick.

After a bit, I pulled my face from her cunt and got up, abruptly pushing Dick out of her fuck mouth.

I quickly jumped on my bed, laid down with my legs against the wall and my head at the edge of the bed and grabbed Pamela.

"Stand up," I said.

She did what I told her and I started pulling her face down towards my prick.

Now she straddled me and I pulled her so that she crawled onto the bed on all fours, her mouth towards my cock, her cunt hovering over my lips; and her large ass was turned towards Dick's hard tool.

Pam's hungry mouth went down on my rigid penis while I opened her cunt again with my fingers, lifting my face to its wet lips. Then I laid back, looked upside down at Dick and kept her hot red gash open for his meat. He slipped his fuck tool into her pussy from behind eliciting another moan of pleasure from Pam.

He sunk his meat into her as I watched, his balls hanging inches from my eyes. Dick bent over and reached for her breasts, pulling himself into her while fondling her nipples.

"OOOahhhh, GOD YES!" Pam started to scream and pant around my hot cock, totally aroused again at this carnal scenario.

As Dick fucked her, I pulled her down and raised my head to lick her hard clit again while his balls rubbed against my face and head. I extended my tongue so that I lapped at his slippery shaft as he continued to fuck her in and out. This was fucking unbelievable!

I had not been near another man's cock in over a year but it was so hot... I didn't care what Dick might think or Pam or anything. I just licked at the hot fuck flesh in my face, totally turned on...

"Unhhh, unn,uhnn, uhnn," grunted Dick as his hard fucking man meat fucked Pam's hot box and I licked her cunt and his hard cock.

He was practically fucking my face, his nut sack smacking my nose, eyes and forehead, his cock running along my questing tongue. I loved drinking Pam's juices off Dick as our liquids drenched my nose and face.

"Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, aahh, uh," panted Pam in bliss, her mouth slobbering on my hard meat, as Dick and I both worked on her cunt, his hot tool plunging in and out, my mouth sucking and licking her trembling clit.

Her ass was shaking and her whole nude body was trembling in passion as Dick hammered her pussy. He seemed like he wanted to go on forever, pumping and 

thrusting in a steady, relentless way that kept Pam moaning and crying around my cock like a wild thing. This was dirty, insane sex at its best.

"UHHHhhh," Dick groaned as he fucked her hot cunt hard and fast, my tongue continuing to hit his cock and balls.

"AUhaahh, AHhhh, UHaahhhhhh!" screamed Pamela as she finally came in a sharp, sudden spasm, her teeth scraping my stiff cock in her hedonistic pleasure. I tried fastened on to her clit as she tried to pull away and push back and thrash against both of us all at once.

"AHHHHhahhahhhh," She screamed and jerked as Dick slammed into her, loosening my attempts to lip lock her clitoris. 

"Nnn-n-n-ooo, ahh, ahh, pleeeess, ahhhhhh, ahh," she begged as she flailed her ass and stomach in spastic contortions.

I could feel the paroxysms sweep through her as Dick's cock impaled her and I continued to suck on her fiery cunt; flesh smashing my face.

"AAHHHGHHH, Noooo,aahhhh," she shook over and over again, jerking and shaking until Dick finally groaned and began pumping his hot cum inside her.

Pam collapsed on my face, still jerking and quivering as Dick's cock spasmed in her hot twat.

"UUhhhmmmmm..." I moaned in hedonistic pleasure as I felt his fuck juices pumping along his cock ridge, shooting his jiz inside Pam until he collapsed on top of her, groaning, crushing his balls; cock; and Pam's cunt into my hot face.

I reached around his naked ass and massaged his ass cheeks as I licked his wet cock embedded in my girlfriend's cunt and drank the semen that oozed out...

Dick moaned and moved his naked hips in my hands and lifted himself slightly to give me better access to their cock cunt combination. Pam had taken her mouth off of my cock and was also moaning in overkill satisfaction, her hand squeezing and releasing my hard meat.

We lay there awhile as Dick relaxed, his cock softening in Pam's cunt even as I continued to lick and enjoy the combination of all of our fuck juices. My hands continued to play with his ass as Pam panted and drooled on my pubic hair and balls, squeezing my shaft, occasionally giving a shudder as I hit her sensitive clitoris once again.

"Oh fuck, Moran," said Dick as he slid out of Pam, his drooping cock head rubbing down my face as he rolled over to sit on the bed. "You should have warned me that you were into this kind of stuff. Damn... What am I going to tell my girlfriend?"

I laughed and sat up, my dick still hard, as I rolled Pam to the other side of my body.

She put her hands on her thighs, massaging her cunt as her legs spread in disarray. Our cum still leaked from her cunt. She kept her eyes closed, still high, as she murmured and shuddered in the aftermath of her massive orgasms.

"Hey, she can join us too," I said. 

Dick gave me an incredulous look as I bent over and moved Pam's hands out of the way to put my mouth back onto her dribbling, sperm filled cunt. 

"Noooo, please, Greg, no," she begged. "I can't... uh, pleasssee, ohhhh."

I continued eating her pussy over her protests as Dick walked into his half of the room and closed the curtain.

Pam and I spent a fuck filled weekend playing with each other and mostly lying around naked in our room. She didn't want to get high again, but I did and I did.
