 Note: Thanks for the comments and votes on my other stories. I really appreciate it. I've given my fair share of foot rubs and this scenario has run through my head while doing so a few times, so I thought I'd share it. I really hope it's enjoyable. I enjoyed getting it on paper. 

***** 

Kendra lounged on the couch with a damp towel covering her bathing suit which chilled her skin underneath. Rodney and Greg were sitting in chairs across from her, also in their bathing suits, wrapped in towels and drinking beers. They had just come from the hot tub outside. Tubbing after a long day of walking around the city seemed like an awesome way to finish off the day. Add a few glasses of wine and some beers to the mix and now all three of them were relaxed and buzzed. The warm night air blew gently through the open window and smelled of honeysuckle, which grew like a weed in the yard. Kendra knew that soon the dampness on her skin from the hot tub would turn to the dampness of the sweat caused by the exceptionally hot evening. Being wrapped in a heavy towel didn't help. 

Greg and Rodney had been friends since long before Kendra and Greg started dating. Rodney lived a few hours away, so they only saw each other a few times a year, but Kendra instantly liked him the first time they met. She and Rodney had become close friends very fast and grew closer with passing time. She and Greg looked forward to visiting with Rodney every chance that came up. It made Greg happy that his best friend and his girlfriend liked each other so much. 

One of their favorite things to do together was to roam the city neighborhood around them. They ate and drank and joked and laughed for hours as they made the rounds through the bars and restaurants surrounding their home. 

Rodney's visit this time was going the same as always. The wine they drank in the tub, and the beers they drank most of the day lowered everyone's inhibitions, and conversation had drifted to the subject of pornographic movies. Greg had been talking to Rodney about a particularly funny scene in one of the pornos that he had in his collection (it was her collection too). Some parody of Star Trek where the makeup on the green woman came off as she was getting banged by Captain Kirk or some other officer. Against her better judgment, Kendra let Greg put the video in to show Rodney. It wasn't meant to be sexy; it was a funny scene. Greg fast forwarded through a scene with two crew members banging, typical stuff, and Greg and Rodney made jokes and sounds that were supposed to be the sounds of the sex on high speed. The wine made them laugh hysterically and Kendra giggled a little too. 

Then Greg stopped on the scene he wanted. The one with the hot, green alien chick. He spent time going into great detail about how the makeup looked at the beginning of the scene, even going so far as to stand right next to the TV and point at places he knew the makeup would rub off. It was good innocent fun. 

Greg sat back down when the couple on the TV started getting busy. The green alien girl started blowing Captain Kirk, but he seemed awkward with his hands. He didn't touch her anywhere. Greg and Rodney commented and laughed about it. Then he was licking her pussy which didn't have green makeup on the lips, but it got right up to them. Jokes and laughter kept coming, but Kendra was starting to get a little uncomfortable with watching a porno with her boyfriend and his friend. Not because she didn't like dirty movies, but because they aroused her, and Rodney was in the mix "cock-blocking" her. 

As the scene went on, the jokes came a little slower. Every once in a while, one of the guys would point out where you could see the makeup smeared and flesh showing underneath, but they had fallen into sort of a drunken and lusty interest in the movie. Kendra looked at Rodney, who was slouching low in his stuffed chair. He had his towel on still, but his hand was resting on his crotch, probably on his cock. He gripped it absent mindedly every once in a while as he stared at the TV. Greg wasn't touching his cock, but she could see that he had an erection. 

Kendra had seen this movie a couple times with Greg, and she had to admit that the green alien scene was one of her favorites. The girl in the scene had really nice tits that hung just right so that you could tell they were real, and Captain Kirk had a really ripped stomach and no tattoos or piercings. Just the way she liked her porn stars. She kind of wished that Rodney wasn't there so she could strip off her damp bathing suit and cool off. She was starting to get hot from the air temperature and the stuff going on in the movie. 

She stood up. This was not how she wanted to spend her evening. She had walked around the city all day with the two boys as they yakked and joked and drank beers every chance they could. They walked for hours before coming home to the tub. Her feet hurt. She was good friends with Rodney by now and very comfortable around him, not comfortable enough to just sit and watch pornos though. So she went to the bathroom to rinse off the chlorine from the tub. 

The hot water felt good on her skin. She let it stream over her for just a minute and then used soap to wash off all the tub chemicals. Then she turned the temperature on the water down until it felt cold, enjoying the sensation of the cool water flowing over her and making her nipples hard. After a moment or two, she turned the water off and stepped out to grab a new towel to wrap around her. The cool shower didn't do much to diminish her buzz. All told, she was gone from the living room for no more than 10 minutes. She grabbed some lotion for her skin and tired feet and went back out wearing just the towel. 

The guys were still glued to the TV, but it was a new scene. 

"Hey, baby," Greg said, glancing at her quickly. "Almost done." 

Two men were having their dicks sucked by a woman who was not in a uniform. Kendra remembered that this was some girl who had been in suspended animation or something and that she just went right to fucking as soon as she woke up. Storyline be damned, Kendra knew that getting the sex on tape was more important. Rodney and Greg were both slouched now, glassy eyed from the booze and the sex on screen. She got a good look at them and could tell they both had hard-ons. She all day boozing had lowered her inhibitions enough that she didn't feel uncomfortable sitting there with them like that. In fact it was turning her on just a little. 

She plopped back down on the couch, wrapped only in a towel. Her plan was to apply some moisturizer and then go put on some pajamas. She was comfortable enough with Rodney to sit in just the towel. The boys sort of snapped out of their dreamy stupor and made an effort to make a couple of jokes again for her benefit, but they didn't turn the movie off and didn't stop looking at the screen. Kendra sighed and started rubbing the vanilla scented lotion on her arms and shoulders. She was utilitarian in her technique. There was nothing intentionally sexy or provocative about how she was applying the lotion, but she caught the boys glancing at her furtively. She didn't think much of it. 

After she applied the lotion to her arms, she dropped her head back, held the lotion on her stomach with both hands and just sighed deeply. 

"What's wrong?" Greg asked, tearing his eyes from the screen for a minute while the girl there was getting a cock in her mouth and one in her pussy. 

"My feet are killing me," Kendra said. "Do you think that before we go to sleep, you could rub them for me? PLEASSSSEEE." 

"Yeah, sure. Whatever," he answered absently as he stood up to go to the kitchen for a beer for him and Rodney. 

"I'll do it if you want," Rodney said. It wasn't an odd offer. Rodney had rubbed her feet before on one of his visits. He said it loud, too, like he was saying it to Kendra and Greg. 

"Really, man? That's nice of you. Thanks." Greg answered for Kendra. 

Kendra thought about it for about a millisecond, which was probably not long enough, before she said sincerely, "Thanks Rod. I really appreciate it." Then sarcastically she added, "after you guys dragging me around with you today, my dogs are barking." Rodney stood up to come over and sit at her feet. As he did, his eyes went back to the TV. Kendra could see his erection under his towel, and for another millisecond thought that maybe she should just rub her own feet, but her love of having her feet rubbed, and her need to have them rubbed right now had her pushing cautious thoughts away in favor of immediate gratification. 

Rodney sat down on the floor and Kendra turned so that she could give him a foot. He took the left one and squirted a bit of the lotion on it, then began rubbing it hard at her heel and working his way up to her toes. She moaned loudly in approval. He was looking back and forth between the TV and Kendra's foot as he worked from heel to toe, over and over. She closed her eyes and let her head fall back. Rodney lifted her foot to work behind her heel, and, in her relaxed state, her knee fell to the left a little, spreading her legs unintentionally. Since she had only thought for a couple of milliseconds about his offer to rub her feet, she didn't take into account that she only wore a fluffy bath towel and nothing else. She didn't think about anything after he started rubbing her feet, so she had no idea that she had just spread her legs enough that if he took a look, Rodney would be able to see under the towel to her shaved pussy. It wasn't completely spread yet, but it was visible now. 

Rodney enthusiastically kept up his rub of her feet. She didn't hear Greg come back in, but she knew he was there when he took her other foot in his hands and started rubbing it from heel to toe like he always did. "Oh wow!" She said when Greg started on her other foot. "This is really nice of you guys. I feel like a princess." The sound of the sex on the screen continued while they rubbed her feet and she sat with her head back and her eyes closed. She really was in heaven and was only thinking about how good it felt to have her feet rubbed. The booze and the late hour contributed to her empty brain and lack of thought. Almost any other time, she probably would have recognized that this was not a good plan. 

Greg lifted her foot to work a different angle on it, and her right knee fell lazily to the side like her left had earlier. Now her puss was pretty much wide spread, barely covered by the towel, which had slipped up when her legs came apart. Still she didn't notice, or notice enough to care. The guys were doing a fantastic job on her feet and she expected it to end any second, like it always did when Greg got bored with rubbing her without any promise of sex in return. 

But then one of the boys stopped, which she was expecting, but she heard more lotion being pumped out of the bottle. "Oh," she thought, "still more for me. Awesome." And then the lotion was being rubbed on her feet again, but it was a lot of lotion and there wasn't a lot of pressure on her feet. Before she knew what was happening, the hands were spreading the lotion up over her calf and shins towards her knee. Her head shot up and her eyes opened. She looked down and saw Greg staring at her crotch and rubbing her leg. Rodney was also staring at her crotch. When she jerked, they both looked away quickly, and then looked at each other, and then looked at her face, and then looked away again. Her legs went back together and she moved the towel back down over her privates. "Enjoy the show, perverts?" She said. 

They looked at each other, then back at her. "Uh, yeah," they both answered. Greg resumed rubbing her leg and Rodney gathered more lotion in his hand and started in on her other leg, firmly rubbing from her from her ankle to her knee. She had to admit that it felt pretty good. 

"Look, your skin just seemed really dry, and I'm trying to be a nice guy here," Greg lied. "I mean if you want me to stop and let your skin dry out like an old lady's, no problem." The whole time he talked, he and Rodney did not stop rubbing her legs. Sarcastically he said, "I'm just thinking about you, babe." 

Kendra was no prude and she didn't really care that the boys had seen her pussy. Big deal. The lotion did feel good, and she had to admit that she really did kind of feel like a princess, maybe the slutty Egyptian princess in the Cleopatra porn that they had in their collection, but a princess still. She liked Rodney and felt comfortable with him. He was Greg's best friend after all, had been for 20 years. So if they wanted to get their jollies by rubbing her feet and legs, whatever. That was about all the thought she put into it, which probably wasn't really enough. 

She bunched the towel up more between her legs and held it there with her hands and then went back into her pose, head back, legs slightly spread, and enjoyed the attention. 

"Kill joy," Greg teased her. 

"I don't want you ass clowns to get any ideas." 

They eagerly resumed helping her with her dry skin. They rubbed from her ankles to her knees and then from her knees to the edge of the towel. They used a lot of lotion and firm pressure to knead her quads and inner thighs. Her grip relaxed on the towel in her crotch, but she kept her hands there. Then Greg put up the leg he was working and rested her heel on his shoulder. This spread her a little more and made it harder to hold the towel. He resumed rubbing and focused on her taught hamstring. Seconds later, Rodney made the same move. With both her feet off the floor like this, she slouched down a little more on the couch. The slouching movement caused the towel to loosen a little but it stayed in place. 

The guys were rubbing her thighs as high as they could now, their hands almost coming in contact with hers as she covered her pussy. Her head was spinning with the effects of the booze and the heady pleasure she was getting from having this kind of attention on her. The sounds of the porno in the background added fuel to her fire too. She had been taking furtive glances at the screen every once in a while to see the hot action there. 

Greg's hands were now staying mostly on her upper thighs rubbing around the inside and outside of her legs and doggedly rubbing against the barrier of her hands. Rodney wasn't quite as aggressive or brave, but he was working his hands up to the area only a fraction of an inch lower than Greg was. Kendra felt flushed and nervous and excited. The massage she was getting really felt good, and it was relaxing, and she had a buzz on that was making her less inhibited than normal. 

Gradually, her hands moved as they gave way to Greg's persistence, and before she knew it, he was spreading the lotion up over her hip bone and then down over her pelvis and rubbing the thick, smooth, creamy lotion down the side of her pussy. She fought the urge to spread her legs wide like she would if they were alone. The towel slipped up so that her shaved pubic area was exposed. Apparently Rodney took this as a cue that it was OK to move his motions up a little farther too and he began mirroring Greg's hands on the other hip bone and the other side of her pussy. They both had to lean in a little to reach all the way up above her hips and the motion of them doing that made her knees bend slightly, which opened her legs more and made more space around her pussy. 

"Very nice," breathed Greg. "Does that feel good?" Kendra could feel his hot breath and smell the alcohol in it. 

"Mmmmmm..." Is all that Kendra could manage. 

"This is all just for you. We don't want you to get dry," he teased her. 

"Yeah...Mmmmmmm...Right." Was her response again. 

Kendra was basically in over her head and she knew it. She didn't relish the idea of these guys clumsily pawing around at her pussy, but she didn't want them to stop the massage either. She wasn't sure what the end game was going to be because she couldn't think much past the pleasure she was feeling or the excitement she felt about two men treating her to a great rubdown. Still, she felt like she might be losing control of the situation. Their hands were starting to get more bold and fingers were brushing against her clit and rubbing down the slit of her pussy lips, which wasn't unpleasant, but she was sure she didn't want their fingers fighting over getting inside her. 

She lifted her legs off their shoulders, which caused her to slump down more and caused the towel to ride up and get a little tangled. She continued her slide until she moved onto the floor. As she came off the edge of the couch, the towel undid itself and stayed behind, freeing her luscious, soft, full tits, bouncing free and revealing her completely. She moved so that she could lay on her back in front of the surprised men. The sneaky part was that even though the change in position resulted in her being totally naked, it also allowed her to put her legs back together. She laid down with her arms out to the sides and said "I think my boobs are pretty dry too," and then closed her eyes. 'That should give me some breathing room,' she thought. 

She heard the lotion being dispensed and then there were creamy, slick hands rubbing both her pillowy tits gently but firmly. To their credit, the boys didn't just focus on her boobs, but spread lotion on her shoulders and down her arms. Rodney even spent some time rubbing her hand and massaging her fingers. She thought that was really nice and attentive, but when he released her cream covered hand, it fell into his lap on top of his boner, which was covered only by the thin layer of his bathing suit. He continued as if she weren't touching his dick and rubbed up her arm, over her shoulder and down to her tit again. She didn't move her hand in any way. She could feel his hard cock, and felt she had to make a decision. She periodically opened her eyes to check out the guys as they rubbed her. Neither one was looking at the TV any more even though the sound was still loud enough to hear over the sounds of their own pleasures. Her two attendants stared only at her now. 

This attention was awesome. She didn't remember feeling so good in a long, long time. But she didn't know how far she should go with this. "I'm an idiot," she thought. "Where did I think this was going? These two guys are going to keep going until they get to shoot their loads, end of story." She knew she had to either shut it down right now, or just let them keep going to the inevitable end, which would be her with either a bunch of cum inside her or on her. The repercussions of all of this, how it would be in the morning (or more precisely about 15 seconds after her boyfriend had an orgasm and started thinking with his big head) were not foremost on her mind as she lay there with two men eagerly and efficiently helping her fight the dry skin that can come from spending time in a chlorinated hot tub. 

Greg kissed her passionately on the mouth. She always liked kissing him and it melted her inhibitions even more. Her decision making process started to change. Now she was thinking that if she started playing with Rodney's cock-for which she was becoming eager- Greg might get jealous because she chose his friend first. But if she turned to play with Greg's cock, that would present her backside to Rodney and for sure he would start to fuck her, which, at this point, she pretty much knew was going to happen, but she was still operating on the premise that she could control all this. 

"Um, maybe you guys have some dry skin too," she said teasingly. The boys stopped, looked at each other, then jumped up and whisked off their bathing suits in a flurry. Their stiff cocks stood out straight once they were released from the bindings of their trunks. She thought about throwing the lotion bottle to Greg and saying "knock yourselves out," but refrained. Once again, she had maybe a little breathing room to think about her choices. As the men went back to work rubbing her whole body from head to toe, paying special attention to her funzones, she put some lotion in one hand, rubbed it into the other hand and took a cock in each hand to stroke them back and forth. She marveled at how hard they were and how good it felt to be rubbing lotion over the firm contours of two dicks. Fingers were, indeed, finding their way into her pussy now, and it wasn't as bad as she thought. They were gentle and sensitive but persistent, and she had been unconsciously spreading her legs. Soon they each had a finger inside her as she writhed on the floor. 
