 It had been about a month since I had fucked Alex on our camping trip. This I described in Camping Experimentation, and it was the first time I had dabbled with men.

In the meantime, I'd had another experience with men, at the local gym. This I went through in my other story. Having been using the pool, I'd gone to the sauna and ended up getting my cock sucked by some guy, before finding myself fucking a gay man in the showers. It was a whole new thing to me, and I still wouldn't say I was really into guys. I just loved the perversion of it, the fact that I didn't like men and yet could get my penis licked by a dude in public. That was what turned me on.

Anyways, aside from that, nothing had happened. I had ended up having a one night stand with an ex, and really enjoyed the pussy. But that was it, and once again I was horny. There had been no repeat of the gym antics, although I had paraded around naked in the hope that some homo would get on his knees and wrap his lips round my little head. But to no avail.

So one day I found myself walking in the library when I heard my name whispered. I turned around and there was Alex, the cocksucker who had first let me fuck him.

"Hey there!" I said. "Long time no see. How's it hanging bro?"

He fixed me a cute little grin and looked into my eyes.

"Oh you know, not too bad." We had a chat about college and shit, but as it was the library we had to whisper.

"Hey," he said suddenly and walked over to me, wrapping his arms round my neck and breathing into me. "Why don't you and I go back to my room and have some fun?"

I didn't know what to say. We were in public! Needless to say I had to get out of his grip. But I was turned on, feeling the bulge in my pants get bigger.

"OK," I replied. "But just cut out this stuff in public." He giggled mockingly, then turned and walked. I felt myself following him.

It was a short walk across campus to his dorm room. We walked up the stairs and I hoped nobody I knew would run into us as we opened his door. 

Walking in, it looked like the standard college bedroom: bed with white sheets, desk, wardrobe, ensuite. Not a lot of spare space. But his bed was a double, which was good, and he'd clearly brought his own pillows and stuff, so it looked comfy. I was a little nervous I have to say.

"So I had a lot of fun the other night," he winked.

"Yeah, uh me too."

"Was that your first time?"

"Yep"

"Really? You were surprisingly good. The first time I slept with a guy, it was all a bit awkward."

"How old were you?"

"Oh, about 18, and at a party. It was a guy in my school, and we got drunk and ended up in a bedroom upstairs. We just messed around and sucked each other off, but the next morning we went all the way and I let him fuck my ass."

"What does that feel like? I've always been curious but kinda scared."

"Everyone says that, but it's really just incredible. You have to take the plunge and do it. If truth be told, I like nothing more than a big, hard cock up me." He stressed these last words slowly and softly.

"Have you ever been with a chick?" I asked.

"Only once properly. But my next door neighbor here is a bit of a freak and er, well, once when we were drunk things got a little out of hand and she ended up fucking me with her strap on. I think she's bi so that's why she has one. Anyway about once a month she fucks me like that."

I realized I had a full blown erection by this point. That story was hot! Alex walked forward and straddled me. We kissed, then he pulled his tongue out and trailed it down my neck. I reached around and slipped my hand down his pants and grabbed his juicy little ass. He whipped his top off then mine, kissing my chest and stomach. Still silent, he removed my jeans and socks and finally my underwear. He stripped himself, standing in front of me with his erect penis pointing at me. I grabbed it as he lent down and nibbled my ear. I took it in my mouth.

It was warm and spongy, and I liked the sensation. Not knowing really what to do I just put my lips around his head and went down as far as I could go. He moaned with satisfaction so I assumed it was working. I then let it pop out and tongued his balls. He squealed with pleasure.

I then stuck my finger in his ass, which went in easily. I wiggled it around, the soft tissue of his anus feeling nice and pleasurable. I managed to get a second in. He pushed me back onto the bed. I crawled back and lay down, smiling at him as he reached over for his lube. Putting some on his fingers, he pleasured himself for a while. I stroked my cock to avoid losing the erection. It was nice and warm in this room, unlike the tent, and his bed was super comfy.

He then crawled on top of me, kissing my body up and down. At one point he sucked me toes. Then he lay on top and we kissed as our dicks rubbed together. I was so hard and dripping in pre cum.

"Let me fuck you now," I whispered in his ear. Without saying a word, he gave my neck one long wet bite and sat on top, easing my penis into his open asshole. He went slowly at first, then sped up. I was so close to coming it was incredible.

"Shit Alex I'm gonna blow my load soon."

"Hold on baby!" he said. I couldn't. Fuck! I moaned as my juice squirted into his butt for the second time. I collapsed on top of me.

"Did you like that then?"

"Yes, certainly." It was strange having his smell and masculine body on top of me after sex. He nibbled my neck and stroked by stomach softly as I just lay there recovering. I could feel him breathing.

Suddenly there was a knock at the door. Alex got up.

"Who is it?"

"It's Jess," came the response. To my great surprise, he opened his door. In walked a fucking beautiful brunette, with a curvy body and huge tits. They were plump but also stood up, not sagging under their own weight. What the fuck was this?

"This is my neighbour, Jess," said Alex. "You know, the one who fucks me," he grinned. His dick was still hard as he stood next to her.

"I'm just having some fun with a straight guy, Jess," he said.

"I can see that, very sexy too. This your first time with a guy?"

"It was, about a month ago," I said.

"Yeah, Alex gets a lot of straight guys. More than me, the prick."

There was a pause.

"So, can I watch you suck his dick?" she said suddenly, grabbing his penis. What was happening? Suddenly I was having a threesome? Alex turned to her and kissed her. It was a boldly sexual one, and you could tell he was just doing it for the affect. She turned to me and took off her top. She slipped down her jeans. She was wearing nothing but a red thong. Eye contact maintained, she slipped it down, biting her lips in the process. 

Behind her, Alex playfully slapped her ass. She turned round, and I could see why - it was huge but perfectly toned. They embraced again, kissing and cuddly in a sexual way.

They then turned around.

"So," said Alex, "wanna have some fun?" 

Without giving me time to answer, they walked over and clambered onto the fluffy bed. Alex on my left, Jess on my right, then played with my body before Alex positioned himself so his erection was next to my face. I leant over and took it in my mouth again, and so did Jess. We were practically kissing as our tongues just lathered his penis in saliva and he moaned.

This was all so weird! I suspect that without me there, he wouldn't have been nearly as hard. Still, a hole is a hole.

"You know something," Jess said brightly, "I think he wants to be fucked!" She darted up, and went to a drawer. Then she came back with a large black strap on, adjusting it so it sat impressively on her waist. She walked over. In her other hand she had some fluffy handcuffs, and Alex giggled in delight.

"Oh you're so naughty!" he said, turning onto his front. Jess fixed them to the bed posts and he sat there, vulnerable and waiting for us to act. Jess lubed up the strap on and positioned herself on top of him. I reached out and started to fondle her butt. She spanked Alex just like I had the other week, and I squeezed her. I stuck my mouth on her hard nipples, burying my face in those giant breasts, and bit and sucked. She moaned.

"Look are you going to fuck me any time soon?!" Alex said. So Jess took the glistening plastic penis and shoved it straight in his asshole, which was still open from where my penis had gone. 

Sitting on top, she thrust in and out, slowly but deeply. My left hand was on her ass, my right smacking his.

Within a few minutes, Alex was moaning loudly.

"Guys I'm close!" he said. I was hard again, and shuffled up to him, slapping my penis on his face. He took it in his face as Jess roughly shoved him up and down the mattress.

"Mph mph!!' was all he could managed as his back arched. I reached down and grabbed his cock just as he gave in, cumming everywhere. I wanked him as the last spurts shot out.

Jess had removed her strap on, throwing it aside, and removed the kinky handcuffs from Alex. Simultaneously, Alex grabbed them and threw her down.

"Your turn, bitch!" he said. 

"Oh!" she shrieked in delight. He handcuffed her as she lay on her back, her thick thighs opening. Her pussy was soaking. She had obviously recently shaved.

"You know I'm not going to be able to do this" Alex said to me.

"Well, I guess I'll have the honour" I replied, getting between her legs. She wrapped them around me as her arms were above her head. Alex was behind me as I slipped my cock slowly into the wet pussy. Got it felt good! Not as tight as Alex, but still, good. I lay on top of her massive tits and we kissed wetly.

Behind me I felt Alex rubbing my butt. Soon enough, his fingers reached my opening. I tensed a little.

"Just take it!" Jess whispered. So I let his finger slip inside me. He was gentle, although it felt weird. But after about a minute the strangeness gave way to pleasure, and I was loving it. He stuck two in. In a while I got lost in Jess's intoxicating smell, he warm pussy and her soft skin. I basically forgot what was happening behind me, until I felt a massive invasion - Alex has stuck his penis in! It was stuffed in, and again that uncomfortable sensation returned. But again the pleasure soon returned. We were all lying on top of each other, and everything was a bit awkward, but somehow worked. She was moaning, I was moaning, Alex was moaning.

I thrust harder and deeper, Alex matching my moves and wiggling around with me. His man's body felt heavy on my, and our dual weight meant Jess was getting quite a pounding.

"Guys, I think..." she breathed, "I'm nearly there!" 

"Hold on!" I said "me too!"

"Don't forget me" Alex whispered loudly. We grinded away some more, the sighing increasing until Jess was nearly wailing. Suddenly I felt her buckle and shriek my name. The warmth of her cum enveloped my cock and it was too much, I lost it and filled her pussy with my semen. Then, I heard Alex also let loose, my asshole feeling for the first time was a guy's cum was like. All three of us collapsed, slipping out of the various holes and lying in each others juices in a heap. We panted. We giggled. We fell slowly asleep...