 ONE

In college I had a female friend named Kristin, who everybody thought I was dating, and believe me at the time I wished I had been-- but I was just one of the many guys she kept around her, thanks to being a stacked blonde.

A casual friend of mine from one of my classes named Steve was quickly becoming her latest admirer, I thought. One night we all went out for drinks, and I happened to grab a kind of fedora hat that Kristin had and started joking around with wearing it in a Truman Capote-Quentin Crisp kind of way. I wasn't really making fun of gays, well I was a bit but not maliciously, it was more playacting than anything else. At one point I made some kind of pretend come-on to Steve, and though I quickly laughed it off, there was a definite moment there where the idea seemed to be in the air, and Steve's reaction seemed anything but hostile. Kristin seemed oblivious, thankfully.

I soon forgot all about that, but one Saturday night I was home watching Saturday Night Live when there was a knock at my apartment door. To my surprise it was Steve with a six-pack, and I invited him in. We chatted for a bit as the show played, sitting on the floor against my bed. He told me that he had gone to see Kristin the night before, to try to get her to quit jerking him around and either commit to going out with him or not. I knew where this was leading and there was little that I could say; if I explained the truth, that she liked to string guys along and he might as well give up now, it would inevitably be interpreted as me trying to reduce the competition for her favors. (At least I'll say this for myself, I was one of the few who ever gave up early on and didn't make too much of a fool of myself pursuing her.)

He expressed his frustration with her over his first beer, and most of a second, and then he grew silent. The show ended and he seemed kind of restless. I started flipping channels, and he said, "Well, now what are we going to do."

I didn't have cable, so TV's options were exhausted pretty quickly. "I don't know," I said. He was quiet, too, and honest to God, I was still clueless about why he had shown up at my door one night after finding sexual frustration at Kristin's. "We could go out to a bar or something," I offered.

"Yeah, I guess," he said, but didn't make any move to get up. Okay, maybe by now it was starting to dawn on me. "Well, it's late, maybe I better go," he said, and this time he did start to get up.

"Did you..." I started to say something, but then I wasn't sure what. He was hot for Kristin, he couldn't be thinking-- and besides, he knew my girlfriend Maura, there was no reason for him to think that I-- other, that is, than the fact that I'd come on to him. Suddenly, the idea sent butterflies through my stomach.

Maybe a little background is in order. I had never had sex with a guy, and I'd had several girlfriends in college. But the idea didn't freak me out, either-- in fact, I was curious enough, open enough to experimentation, and I had even toyed with the idea of picking somebody up in the well-trafficked restrooms in the student union, where glory holes had been carved in the stalls for decades. Toyed with it in my anything-goes jackoff fantasies, that is, but never seriously considered it in the light of day. Since Steve had never given any overt signs of being gay, I'd never looked at him that way, though the fact was, to a full-time gay man I think he'd have been pretty cute-- tall, rangy, blond and kind of droopy-eyed in a Nordic way. Now, suddenly, I was looking at him that way, and the thought was occurring to me-- did I want to fuck a guy? This one in particular? Well, actually, why not. If, that is, it was what he wanted to do.

"What?" he asked, and now he was staring at me earnestly. I thought we were going to have to have a whole conversation about it, but as my experience since then has taught me, you almost never do. There just comes a point where you're two guys looking at each other like two guys who aren't going to have sex don't look at each other.

My throat dried up, but I got it out. "You don't have to go," I said. "You could... stay."

"The night?" he asked.

"Yeah," I croaked out, and now I reached out and grabbed his hand. That seemed kind of silly, schoolgirlish, and so I started rubbing his leg in his jeans. He grabbed me around the waist and pulled me toward him, and then he pulled his shirt off. I did the same and then we embraced. I liked the feel of his hard chest against mine and after nuzzling cheeks for a moment it seemed like the thing to do was to kiss him. It clearly surprised him, though. I didn't know that a lot of gay guys don't kiss, so I just forced my tongue into his mouth and we were soon sucking each other's tongues as I ran one hand up over his flat stomach, rubbing his nipples, and used the other to massage a rapidly hardening place in his jeans. "We don't have to do anything you don't want to do," he whispered to me.

"I'll keep that in mind," I said, as I moved down to lick his nipple. We were going to do something I'd wanted to do for a long time. Actually, it had long been my thought that if I ever ended up in bed with a guy, I would want to suck him off first, just in case my enthusiasm for the whole idea dissipated once I came. So I nuzzled the hard place straining inside his jeans as I popped the button and unzipped it. His white cotton underwear immediately sprang up at me, and I took in a whiff of summer sweat and heat cooped up in his jeans. Well, we can do something about that, I thought, and I yanked his shorts down below his balls and ass.

It kind of took my breath away, being face to face with a cock like that, the thin shaft straining up at me and the lazy balls rolling away. He looked at me to see what I would do next and so I thought, here's where we separate the men from the boys, and stuck my tongue out and bobbed the end of it with my lips. It twitched in my mouth and I knew I wanted more, so juicing my mouth up I started lubing his shaft, taking a little more in with each up-and-down until I felt the head sliding all the way against the back of my throat and my nose was nuzzling in his scratchy fur.

I ran my head up and down the shaft, taking time to trace the heart-shaped knob, savor the musky smell of it and the feel of a stiff cock sliding up and down the length of my tongue as he caressed the back of my head. A few minutes of that, and then suddenly he jerked hard, convulsing, and I tasted saltycome filling my mouth. I swallowed the first shot and another one took its place, which I ran over the head, making his cock twitch almost painfully as the next dribble oozed out onto my tongue. I ran my hand along the length of it to squeeze the last globs out onto my lips, then swallowed the oyster and finished up the last few drops by moving up to kiss him again and smearing his own cum over his lips.

As we kissed and he held me in his arms he started jacking my cock, which was flying high, believe me, as I thought in amazement over the thing I had just done--sucked a cock, swallowed a guy's cum. He started moving down and he took my cock in his mouth, smoothly sliding his lips and tongue up and down on it as he jacked me off. Laying back, still tasting the cum in my mouth, I felt sort of distant from the action, so I motioned to him to roll on one side and then I slid around into a 69 position, his limp penis still dripping a little as I gave it an affectionate little kiss. He took me back in his mouth, trying not to scrape the underside with his teeth as I started to lick on his loose ball sack, taking one in and then the other. I must have been a little too vigorous because he squirmed a little at that, so I left his balls alone and started licking my way toward his asshole. I was amazing myself at what I was doing, but there was nothing I wanted more at that point than to jam my tongue into his brown hole. As I did that he started playing with mine, too, and I felt a finger slip up my ass--nothing new there, plenty of my girlfriends had done that. Then I stuck one into his as I licked the wrinkled edges of his spicy asshole. The thought of what I was doing--licking ass with cum in my mouth and a guy's finger up my own hole as he sucked my cock--pow, it was over and I shot ribbons of steamy cum into his mouth.

I lay back, still dazzled with the thought of what I was doing and the new possibilities it opened up to me--not being gay, exactly, being everything all at once. He held me and rubbed his legs against mine, which was sexy in a way I had never even thought about a guy being sexy before. After a little bit of this I started to rise again (ah, youth) and as I grabbed his cock it started to stiffen in my hands, too. He looked at me as if to say What do you want to do now? I took a breath and answered the question he hadn't even asked. "I want you to fuck me," I said.

I dug out some KY from the nightstand and then rolled over as he massaged it into my asshole. That was pretty great in itself, just feeling him working the warm goo into my hole. I spread my ass wide and he rubbed the head at the end of it, and I tried to relax as the bulb strained to pop its way inside; but it just wasn't happening. "We could do something else," he said, a bit unhappily.

"Let's give it the old Scoutmaster try," I said, rolling over onto my back. I stuffed a pillow under my ass and spread my legs open, showing him my asshole. I wanted to watch him pound away at my ass like I was his girlfriend, and somehow that did the trick; my legs in the air up around his head, it was easier this time, and I felt the head pop inside me and then that long shaft root me open and fill me deeper and fuller than any finger or candle I or a girl had ever shoved in there myself. As he rammed away at me, sliding his cock in and out of my virgin ass and I watched him use my butt, I felt completely ravished.

And at that moment I heard the key in the front door unlock. He kind of stopped in mid-stroke, which I thought was kind of funny, like if Tom found me with a cock shoved up my ass but the guy wasn't humping away, then he might not think I was a fag. Well, fuck that, or rather, fuck me. I squeezed his cock hard with my ass and pumped up and down, saying loud enough to be heard in the kitchen, "Oh, God, yes, fuck me, fuck my ass like a bitch, oh, God yes."

That seemed to have the desired effect and Steve started ramming away again. It wasn't long before he seized up and I could feel his cock firing away, with each squirt seeming to expand inside my raw asshole. He sank on top of me, exhausted and sweaty, and I kissed the sweat from his forehead as his cock shrank and pulled out of my ass. He lay there, but I knew there was something I wanted to do and so I rolled out from under him and climbed on, spreading his cheeks with my hand as I massaged his asshole with the KY. I wiped the end of my cock with some of the goo and then climbed on top of him. "No--I don't think I can--aaarrrrooh" was his response as I plumbed past his ring and deep into his bowels in one stroke. I wasn't really in to taking no for an answer from a ready asshole at that point. As I fucked him in the ass, him humping the bed under me, I reached around and grabbed my own sore, reddened asshole, feeling it smeared with his cum. I jabbed my finger as far as I could reach into it and ripped at my own asshole with my finger as I felt my cock stiffen and explode inside Steve's ass.

* * *

TWO

"So, do you like girls?" I asked the next morning as he was pulling his underwear up over his muscly haunches, and I lay there, too reamed and sore to move.

"Uh, yeah," Steve said. "I just don't ONLY like girls."

I thought that was a pretty good way to sum up how I felt, too. "'Cause I thought you were pretty hot for Kristen."

"Yeah, she's got fantastic tits," he said.

"Good luck getting at them, because take it from me, she's got very particular tastes," I said. "She seems to like dull guys she can dominate. At least that's been the pattern since high school. Anyway, the reason I bring this up..." "Yeah?" he smiled. "What do you think of my girlfriend, Maura?"

"She's, uh, cute," he said. "For a big girl. That's not my really my thing."

"Well, a lot of things weren't necessarily my thing until I found myself in bed doing them," I said. "Take it from me, she's incredibly fucking hot in bed, she'll do anything. The first time we made out, she was on the rag so I figured I'll be lucky to get a handjob, but she jerked me off-- and then she licked up all the cum off my chest."

"Jesus," he said, sitting down next to me as I massaged his crotch again. "No woman does that."

"Tell me about it," I said. "I mean, a straight up blowjob would have been better for me, but man, give a girl points for trying."

"You earned a few points like that yourself," he said as he pulled his shirt on. "So what are you saying, that the three of us--"

"We've talked about it, but I always thought I wanted another chick there, good luck finding that, and she said she wanted another guy. So how about it?"

* * *

"So how about it?"

"Okay, I just want everyone to understand that if I don't feel like doing any more, I don't have to," Maura said.

"Of course," I said. "Now can we take your clothes off?"

"Okay," she said, and pulled her sweater over her head, revealing her heavy breasts squeezed into the tan satin brassiere, and the soft flesh of her tummy spilling over the edges of her pants. "You. Kiss me," she said to Steve, sitting on the other side of her from me, and they began to kiss, the woman and the man I loved to fuck kissing each other.

They started out tentatively, shyly, and I tried to help by massaging her big tits and keeping my eyes cast downward-- I was afraid that if I made eye contact with either one, we'd all start giggling.

I'd talked her into trying it, but I hadn't told her about Steve and me. I didn't know how she'd handle it. But when she asked me if I felt funny about being in bed with another guy, I let on something about thinking he was kind of cute. "You really think you'd..." she asked, disbelieving.

"Hey, I'm open to new things," I said. "I'm not going to act like the thought never crossed my mind. If you're willing to see where this goes, I'm not going to say no before we even start. Why, how does that make you feel? Would it gross you out?"

"No," she said, starting to smile, the horny little (well, not so little) slut. And I use that term in the most positive sense, since I'd just proven what a slut my own ass was. Maybe I was being dishonest, but somehow I felt the best way to break it to her that I liked to suck cock was to do it when Steve's cock was in her mouth, too.

They were still kissing like near-strangers, so I popped her brassiere and her big tits tumbled out like a couple of broken eggs. Steve started sucking one and she fell back onto the bed as I started sucking the other. I moved down and started undoing her pants and slid them with her underpants off as a whiff of steaming pussy hit me. "I better not be the only one without clothes on," she said.

We were both naked at record speed after that. I had to keep my eyes on the prize and not be seen glancing too much at Steve's stiff cock. I opened her thick thighs and massaged that big broad ass, running my tongue along the slit. Steve continued sucking on her tit and soon enough, as I figured she would, Maura made him move up and straddle her, taking his cock deep into her mouth as he sat on her bouncing boobs and I sucked deep juices from her slippery snatch. In a few moments she was in the unmistakable rhythm of impending orgasm, and I let my tongue slip down to her ass and lubed her brown hole, then slid a finger up her ass as two others went in her pussy and I continued licking her clit. Steve slid off to the side, and I got my first good look of his cock lolling inside her mouth as suddenly her thighs squeezed together so tight I nearly saw stars.

It was always easier to get Maura to do stuff after she'd come once. So now I moved up and kissed her as Steve moved down. It was exciting to think I was kissing where his cock had just been. "Is somebody gonna fuck me or not?" she asked.

"Why doesn't everybody fuck you," I said, and rolled her a little sideways, so her big broad ass was facing me and her fat belly and big floppy tits lay spread for Steve.

"I don't want it in my ass," she said. "I'm sore."

"Well, then, you want for us to both try it in your pussy?" I asked her.

"Will that work?" Steve asked.

"I've seen it in movies," I said. Not that that's much of a recommendation of reality, but I wasn't deterred. I lifted her thigh up and dug around with my cock until I felt it slide in, her big ass bunched up against my stomach. "Okay," I said to Steve.

"Is it okay?" he asked her.

"It's fine, and thank you for asking before you just jam your dick in me," she said. She raised her leg a little higher and he started rubbing the head on her pussy, and my dick, to get it wet. It was incredibly erotic, feeling his slimy dick rub against mine as it slid into place inside her steaming snatch. I had to really give some serious thought to the constitutional issues involved in the Compromise of 1850 to avoid shooting off all over both our dicks. But after a minute of rubbing cock against cock inside a juicy wet cunt, Steve and I both kind of came to the realization that there was no real good way for two guys to get into a humping rhythm inside a woman from opposite sides like this, and if we did we were liable to get serious rugburns on both our cocks. So it was time for the next part of our plan.

I pulled out, letting Steve roll on top of her. It was awesome watching his move up and down as he pumped away at my girlfriend's pussy, and I knew what would make it even more of a sight to remember. I moved up to her face and she eagerly took my cock into her mouth. Steve moved down a little closer to her as she sucked away, and as she sucked he started to kiss her face, just an inch from my cock. Then as I pulled it out most of the way and she licked the bulb, he opened his mouth and started to suck on the end of it too.

I didn't know what she would do--maybe jump up in disgust. Instead she let out a moan and sucked me in harder, then stuck her tongue out and tongue kissed him as my dick played over both their lips and a trail of precum looped from her lips to his. Now I knew what I wanted to do. I got up and rolled them over, her on top of him. I spread her ass wide and started licking her asshole, all slippery with her pussy juice, as it slammed up and down on his cock just an inch or two away. I let my tongue slide down to her pussy, all red and inflamed, and my chin rested on his balls. As he slid in and out I started to lick the underside of his cock as it went into her cunt, savoring the contrast between her flowery wet lips and his rigid piston. He grabbed her ass tightly and I could tell he was coming, so as he did I licked his balls and rubbed my nose in her wet asshole. She had to know from that that I was doing something to him now. His cock jerked an inch from my lips, and then he sank back and pulled his dick out of her puffy red snatch.

As soon as he did I moved in and started licking her swollen lips, sucking his cum out of her. She rolled over on her back, her chubby tummy sweaty with their combined heat, and I dove in again, sucking her lips hard into my mouth as I pulled on his limp cock in her view. She grunted and I took that to mean to climb on, so I got up on top and jammed my cock back into her slippery hole. I kissed her with a mouth full of Steve's cum as I jacked him back up to a hard-on. He moved up to her face and my girlfriend and I both started licking the cock in front of us from either side. He could only take it for a moment and didn't cum again yet, but in that moment I knew we'd entered a new phase of our relationship, as I watched my girlfriend watch me suck my boyfriend's cock.
