 "Shit Joe!" I snapped in angry embarrassment. "How many times do I have to remind you to put a rubber band on the doorknob!"

"Oh wow!" my college roommate cried. "Sorry man!"

"And must you always do it on the rug?" I complained. "Your bed it right there!"

"I like the rug," he replied with a grin.

I was tempted to tear into Joe for a long list of things that bothered me about him, not the least of which was the stupid assed smile of his, but decided against it as I took in the whole picture. Joe was looking over his shoulder at me. I could only catch a glimpse of the girl under him, but his pale white ass was plain to see. Yuck!

"Joe!" the girl cried. "Don't stop! I'm so close!"

Talk about your sluts! It didn't seem to bother her that I was in the room with the door wide open watching them. Joe tended to date, if that's what you want to call it, a lot of bimbos, but this girl was one of the more brazen.

"I'll see you later," I sighed and left the room. I was shaking my head and thinking unkind thoughts as I slammed the door.

"You know your roommate is a male slut, right?" Maureen asked with a grin from the next door over. She was a hall mate of ours. I thought a coed hall would be cool and maybe help me get lucky, but it turned out to be nothing special. Everybody felt a little weird the first week or so. After that, we all settled in.

"Yeah," I replied. "The sad part is that there are times I envy him."

"Don't you dare!" her roommate Dottie called from inside their room. "At the rate he's going, Joe will probably have some sort of venereal disease before the end of the term!"

"That's terrible!" Maureen cried, but then burst out laughing. 

I grinned and made my way to their doorway. I like Maureen and Dottie and tended to hang out with them a lot. Maureen moved inside and left the door open in invitation. I sighed as I entered. It felt more like home than my own room. 

"Besides!" Dottie added. "You're one of the few nice guys here!" She was holding her pillow with her chin as she tried to put it in its case.

"There's no reason to get insulting!" I said half serious.

"What's that supposed to mean?" Dottie asked, accidentally dropping the pillow. I shook my head, bent over and picked it up. She smiled and said "Thanks!" as I helped her.

"You're welcome," I said.

"So, how is calling you a nice guy an insult?" Maureen asked as she joined us.

"It's the kiss of death," I answered.

"That's silly!" Dottie said.

"Maybe, but it's also true," I argued. "Nice guys are the ones where the girl says she 'loves him like a brother', or 'she loves him, but not in that way'."

"Oh, it's not that bad!" Maureen laughed.

"Please!" I snorted. "Nice guys never get the girl except in movies!"

"Hey!" Dottie laughed. "It's not much better for nice girls."

"How would you know?" Maureen asked, teasing her roommate.

"Bitch!" Dottie snapped, surprising me.

"See?" Maureen added with a laugh.

I smiled as I watched the two joke back and forth. Dottie and Maureen, or Dot and Mo as they liked to me called, were both nice girls and good friends. Neither was a raving beauty, but both were attractive in their way.

Dottie was the smaller of the two with freckled pale skin, shoulder length curly black hair and blue eyes. She was pixyish without looking frail and had one of those smiles that lit up a room.I liked the fact that she took care of herself. 

She had a nice body with only one drawback as far as I was concerned. Dot was relatively flat chested. However, I thought her nipples more than made up for it. They had the tendency to poke out through her shirts. You had no idea how hard it was for me not to stare at them when they did! They were extremely enticing. 

Dot also had a shapely round ass that looked amazing in sweats. Dot always wore a tee shirt and sweats in the dorm. The general consensus of the guys on the hall was that she had the girl next-door look down pat.

Maureen, on the other hand was built bigger. She had long, brown hair and broad shoulders. She wasn't as cute as Dottie and her ass was a little wide and flat for my taste, but physically she had her strong points too, two of them actually. Her breasts were very nice indeed! Oh, they weren't round or perky like some guys liked. They were the full type that drooped heavily under their own weight. I caught myself wondering just how low they would go without the extra strength bra she normally wore. More specifically, I wondered what they would feel like if I buried my face between them.

'Whoa!' I thought, shaking my head and looking away from Mo's breasts. 'Some nice guy!'

"Think Joe will be done anytime soon?" Dot asked.

"Probably not," I sighed. "Can I crash on your floor tonight?"

"Again?" she laughed.

"I'm sorry," I said.

"I think you should probably buy yourself a cot for our room," Mo added. "You sleep here almost as much as you do your room!"

"It's not that bad!" I replied, holding back a laugh.

"Either that," she continued. "Or maybe see if Dot will share her bed with you?"

"Well, at least he can fit on mine!" the dark haired girl replied with a grin. Mo missed the grin and took Dot's comment the wrong way.

"Are you calling me fat!" Maureen cried. She was sensitive about her weight. She wasn't really fat, but it was a constant battle for her.

"That's not what I meant!" Dottie replied quickly, obviously mortified by what her friend thought.

"I think..." I began, almost stepping in, but swallowed the rest of my words. Maureen and Dottie were two of the closest roommates on campus, but I'd seen them fight once for real. They could both be rather harsh as they tore into each other. Besides, anything I said was going to be potentially very embarrassing. 

"What?" Maureen asked. I shook my head, but she refused to let me keep silent. "Tell me!"

"I can't say," I answered, trying to stall. Dot looked at me and grinned.

"He can't," she agreed. "After all, he's a nice guy."

"What's that supposed to mean?" Maureen asked.

"Only that I meant that he couldn't fit on your bed because of how big you are up top," Dottie explained. "Not because I thought you were fat. You're not fat!"

"I could do with losing a few pounds," Maureen admitted. "I never did get rid of that freshman fifteen from last year."

"You look fine," I put in. I should have left it there, but I couldn't help adding, "The only reason why we wouldn't be able to fit in a twin bed together would be because Dot is right."

"Because I'm big up top?" Maureen asked in surprise, looking at me.

"Well, you are," I shrugged, looking at her breasts. Mo knew where I was staring and I should have glanced away, but I couldn't help myself, or at least I suddenly didn't want to. Her tits really were impressive and I was tired of being viewed as a nice guy!

"I can't help the fact that I have wide shoulders," she joked, blushing badly as she tried to get out of the embarrassing conversation. For some reason, I decided not to let her.

"I'm not talking about your shoulders and you know it," I smiled, continued to enjoy the sight of her tits. Maureen turned to her roommate for help.

"He's right!" Dottie grinned. "Although he doesn't have to stare quite so hard!"

"Exactly!" Maureen agreed emphatically.

"So, does this mean you won't accuse me of being a nice guy any more?" I asked, finally looking away from Maureen's breasts.

"No," Dottie answered for them both. "You're still a nice guy, just a perverted one!"

"Aren't they all?" Maureen added as she shook her head and laughed.

"I'm thirsty," I smiled. "How about a beer?"

"Why not?" Dot smiled. "We still have most of the twelve pack you brought over last week in the fridge."

"It's the least I could do considering how often I hang out here," I said.

"It was still very nice of you," Maureen added, stressing the word nice.

"I'm doomed!" I cried, causing both ladies to laugh.

"Just go get the beers," Dottie said. "I'll put a movie on."

"No beer for me," Maureen called. "I'll take a glass of white wine."

"Snob!" her roommate teased. They both continued to tease each other and laugh. I was glad. They were obviously both okay.

The movie was boring to say the least. I thought about leaving half way through. I stayed because the company was good and I was sure Joe was still using our room. Of course, the beer and wine helped. I ordered us a pizza and it arrived just as the movie ended. The pizza place was well known for having barely edible, but cheap pizza and it lived up to its reputation.

"Thanks," both ladies said when we were done with our meal.

"Seemed only fair," I smiled.

"I think it's time to turn in," Maureen said as she stood and stretched. I couldn't help but watch. She seemed oblivious, but Dottie caught me. She surprised me by smiling and winking.

"So, are you going to share your bed with him?" she asked Maureen with a grin.

"I would," Mo replied. "But I think it's already been made clear that we won't fit."

"We could squeeze?" I offered, fighting hard to hide my grin.

"Pervert!" she laughed.

"You know," Dottie grinned. "I think he's just saying that to try and sound like he's not such a nice guy."

"You're right," I said, deciding to have some fun with it. "And that's the same reason why I'm saying that I wouldn't mind sleeping in your bed either."

"Why?" Dottie asked. "I don't have Maureen's breasts."

"No," I agreed, looking at her ass. "But you have other assets."

"You are a pervert!" she laughed. "Keep that up and you'll be looking for somewhere else to sleep!"

"Who could sleep with you two lying so close anyway?" I joked.

"Go ahead buster!" Dot snapped. "One more word and you're out of here!" I closed my mouth and smiled widely. The two girls looked at each other and laughed.

"So," Maureen said afterward. "What we have here is a nice perverted guy."

"Exactly," Dottie agreed.

"Well, that's a little better," I sighed loudly. "Are you two sure you don't want company? If you can't decide who, you can draw straws for me?"

"You wish!" Dot cried.

"You're on the floor!" Mo said.

"Because I'm a nice guy?" I quipped as I lay down on the floor. I always used Maureen's comforter and Dottie's extra pillow when I slept over. The ladies threw them at me as if they planned it. I couldn't help myself. I laughed.

"No," Dottie answered. "Because that's what you get for having friends that are nice girls."

"Good one!" Maureen laughed as she climbed into bed. Dottie went to her own bed and lay down.

"Well then," I began. "Do you ladies have any friends that aren't so nice?"

"And now we're back to the beginning," Dottie said. "Nice girl's don't have it any better than nice guys!"

"Okay, do you have any friends that are nice perverted girls?" I asked.

"We might know one or two," Dot answered.

"Really?" I asked in surprise.

"Will you two go to sleep!" Mo laughed, reaching out and shutting the light. I sighed and rolled over. It took me a while to fall asleep.

***

"So, where are you going for the holiday?" Maureen asked me.

"Thanksgiving is at my father's side of the family this year," I sighed.

"You don't sound thrilled," Dot said, her tone more of a statement than a question.

"Oh, it's a good time," I said. "It's just that they're very loud and don't have a traditional Thanksgiving dinner."

"No turkey?" Mo asked.

"There's turkey," I smiled. "If you don't mind waiting for the sixth or seventh course."

"Sixth or seventh course!" Dot cried.

"First we have the antipasto, then my grandmother serves a the pasta, then..." I began, but Maureen interrupted me.

"Oh my!" she cried. "I wish I was eating at your grandmother's. My mother's concept of Thanksgiving is very traditional. Turkey and lots of vegetables."

"Sounds perfect," I sighed wistfully.

"Maybe for you," Mo groaned. "But I'm not crazy about turkey and I could do without most vegetables."

"In my family you're too stuffed to enjoy the turkey anyway by the time it's served, and that's after everyone naps!" I complained.

"At least you two will get to sit and enjoy your meals," Dot put in. "Mother always invites the entire clan to the farm and me being the oldest daughter, I get to help cook and serve."

"Oh, I'm sure it's not that bad!" I grinned.

"Did I mention that I have to share my room with two cousins, 'grumpy' and 'snores a lot'?" Dot asked.

"You win!" Mo laughed. I nodded in agreement.

"Just do me a favor," I sighed. "Can one of you bring back some stuffing? My grandmother's concept of stuffing is pretty odd as well."

"I'll bring some back," Dot said. "I'll be working in kitchen most of the day anyway."

"Thanks," I smiled. "And I'll see what I can do about getting us a little of my grandmother's pasta. I know how you ladies like your macaroni."

"And I'll bring a healthy appetite!" Mo grinned. Dottie and I laughed.

The three of us were growing closer as the year went by. I spent quite a lot of time in their room with them. At first because of Joe, but more and more because it was fun. I'd say we were becoming more like brother and sisters, but I was too attracted to them for that to be true. I made sure to make a comment about one or the other of them every so often, just so they knew how I felt. We all knew nothing would come of it, but a little innocent flirting was good for all of us.

"Oh well," Dot shrugged. "Going home won't be that bad. At least I'll get to see Kyle."

"Go ahead!" Mo complained. "Throw the fact that you have a boyfriend in our faces."

"Kyle and I have been dating forever," Dot sighed. "It's not what it used to be."

"So break up with him," I shrugged. "There are a lot of guys on campus who would love to date you."

"And I suppose you're one of them?" Maureen teased.

"Oh no," I replied. "I could never date one of you and not the other. Now have sex with..."

"In your dreams!" Mo laughed. I joined her. She has no idea of just how much I did dream of them!

"So, are you going to dump Kyle?" I asked Dot. "Because I have to get word out if you are. The guys will be lined up outside your door when you get back!" Dottie smiled, but didn't comment. She didn't like to talk about Kyle very much.

"How come you can't get them lined up outside my door?" Mo asked. "I'm not dating anyone."

"Intimidation," I said confidently. "Nice guys are intimated by your obvious assets, and the not so nice guys know that they'll get nowhere with you, so they don't want to torment themselves by being so close to Heaven without being able to touch."

"You are so bad!" Mo laughed, but she blushed as well. They both took my sexual comments in stride and usually smiled, but Maureen seemed to appreciate them more.

"So, what else are you guys doing this weekend other than stuffing yourselves?" Dot asked, changing the subject.

"I have plans to see some of my friends on Saturday," I said. "How about you Mo?"

"Nothing much," Mo added as she looked at her watch. "I've got to get going. My father is probably waiting for me out front."

"I'll leave with you," Dot said. "My bag is all packed."

"Sounds good," Mo replied. "My dad can drop me at the bus station."

"See you guys next week," I said, giving them both a kiss on the cheek.

***

"How was your genetics final?" Dot asked.

"Don't ask!" I sighed.

"Oh, I'm sure it wasn't that bad!" Maureen laughed. "At least it's over."

"Well, there is that," I smiled. "And it was my last final before going home for Christmas."

"Lucky you," Dottie sighed. "I've still got two more."

"Let's talk about something more important," Mo said and then turned toward me. "For instance, do you think you can bring back more of your grandmother's pasta when we come back?"

"I think I can weasel some out of her," I grinned, remembering the feast we had when we returned from Thanksgiving. We all brought something back. "As long as you're willing to make more of those cookies of yours?"

"Deal!" Maureen said quickly.

"I'll bring something too," Dot smiled.

"I can't wait!" I said, really meaning it. I would miss Dot and Mo.

"Just think, when you get back you'll finally be rid of Joe," Dot smiled.

"Yeah, him and Brian will make much better roommates," I said. "They're brothers in the same fraternity."

"I only wish you'd gotten the room," Mo sighed. "You're not even going to be in the same building!"

"Don't worry," I said. "I'll be stopping by a lot."

"To see Joe?" Dot asked with an arched eyebrow.

"Please!" I cried, causing both ladies to laugh.

"I still can't figure out how you weaseled a single out of all this," Mo said.

"Me neither," I grinned. "But I'm going to enjoy it!"

"Just be ready to let one of us sleep over if the other gets lucky," Dottie laughed. "You owe us!"

"You can sleep over anytime," I replied. "In fact, I'm willing to share my bed with either or both of you anytime!"

"You couldn't handle one of us!" Maureen laughed. "Muck less both!"

"Just try me!"

"Okay you two," Dot sighed. "That's enough of that."

"Yes mom," Maureen teased.

I was laughing so hard that I missed the pillow Dot threw at me. The pillow fight that ensued would probably have gone on for a lot longer if both ladies hadn't needed to study. I gave them both a hug and left them to their books.

I enjoyed Maureen's hug as always. There was nothing like a pair of large breasts crushed up against your chest, unless of course there was actual sex involved! The feeling of Dot's nipples did surprise me when we hugged. It wasn't that cold in their room! I gave her an extra hard squeeze.

'Boy am I hard up!' I thought to myself, but it didn't stop me from enjoying myself.

***

"Mark!" I heard Maureen call as I entered their hall. It was late and she looked seriously upset, but I already knew that from her phone call.

"What's wrong?" I asked. She's just told me to come over as fast as I could when we spoke. I ran despite the icy paths around campus that were typical for mid February.

"It's Dottie!" she replied. "Her boyfriend broke up with her last night and she drank way too much!"

"He broke up with her on Valentine's Day?" I asked in disbelief.

"Over the phone!" Mo snapped.

"Is she okay?" I asked.

"She's in your old room with Joe," Mo said nervously. "I tried to stop her, but she was pretty drunk."

"Oh shit!" I snapped and ran down the hall. I noticed that the bastard finally remembered to put the rubber band on the door as I banged on it rather loudly. Even still, it took Joe a while to answer.

"What is it?" he frowned through the slightly opened door. I pushed on it and threw it open. Dot was all but passed out on Joe's bed and he already had her half out of her clothes.

"Hey man!" Joe cried. "Get out! This is so un-cool! You saw the rubber band, you know the rules!"

"Yeah, I do," I said angrily. "And the first one is don't mess with my friends when they're too drunk to realize what's happening!"

"She's not that drunk!" Joe argued. Before I could answer, Dot proved my point for me. She threw up all over his bed.

"Serves you right," I said as I went and lifted Dot into my arms. She didn't have on a top, but sex was the last thing on my mind. I started walking toward the door.

"Where are you going?" Joe asked. He was obviously pretty drunk himself.

"Never mind that," I replied, gritting my teeth and looking Joe dead in the eyes. "All you need to know is that this never happened. You will never tell anyone about this."

"Okay Mark!" he replied, reading just how seriously angry I was. "Don't blow a gasket. I won't tell anyone!"

"Good!" I snapped and proceeded to walk out of the room. Maureen met me at the door and covered Dot with her jacket. No one saw as we made our way to their room.
