 Story six: College Visit Turns Wild

This is the sixth independent story of our teenage whore Tiffany "Tif". This story accompanies the Katherine "Kat" storyline. The timing of this event occurs between the end of Kat's first module and the beginning of the second module; specifically a few weeks after their return from Spring Break. While it is feasible to read any of these independently, this is a carryover story, so reading them in order is beneficial. 

Disclaimer: Nearly all chapters with this character have some exposure to young/old, group sex, lesbian sex, ass-to-mouth, and/or cum sharing, etc. If any of these things offend you, please move to another story.

*****

Kat and Tif are driving down I-5 in California headed to LA to visit their last and most promising collegiate opportunity. Both girls applied to and were accepted to USC. They were also accepted to a few other schools and their deadline to commit is in less than a week. 

Even though the trip is long, they decided to drive so they can test the feel of how long it takes to go from Northern CA to LA. Downside is that they could not leave until midday on a Friday after school let out. 

The girls are without a chaperone for this trip. The first three school visits had someone tag along. Kat's dad went with them on the first couple. The first one was in town, so Kat was able to fit in a session with Sam in the morning before they left. His load kept her cum lust satisfied throughout the day. Tif snuck in a session with John the security guard Friday at lunch to keep her satisfied. 

The second school visit was a bit farther away, so Kat tried to fill her need the night before. By the time she returned she was overwhelmingly cum thirsty. One thing Kat has gotten more conscious of since her recent experience in Hawaii is her need to plan ahead. On this occasion, she talked Rock into visiting her brother the night she returned. He snuck into her room and gave her a feast, which she swallowed down graciously. Tif went out of her way to show the neighbor boy a good time.

The third trip was more interesting. It was a longer trip that required a longer visit and flight. Kat's older brother Chase chaperoned them. His role was to make sure they were safe and did not get into any trouble. Chase could not resist taking Kat and Tif out to see what the weekend nightlife consisted of. As soon as Chase got busy drinking, the girls got busy hunting. 

Kat and Tif worked their way into a frat party. They drank a little, but kept it under control. Before they knew it, they were in a room upstairs entertaining 4 frat boys. The girls 69'd for the boys viewing pleasure as they worked their meat. Then the girls took turns blowing each of the guys. Every time one of the popped, the girls shared their reward with the other. The second night, Chase was busy with a girl he met and asked for some time alone in the hotel room. The girls took advantage of the opportunity and met the same guys for round two. 

Tif was extremely horny from the activities the night before and by not having sex for a couple days, so she fucked each of the 4 guys at least twice. Some of the guys pulled out and fed their cum to Kat. Some deposited their loads inside Tif's young pussy. Kat could not resist going in after it. The girls finished the trip satisfied and with Chase 'owing them one'. 

With the fourth and final college visit finally underway and the car pointed due south Tif asks, "So, what do you want to do on this trip without a chaperone?"

Kat replies, "You know the drill. We have to evaluate the guys, the school, the living opportunities, the downtown, etc."

Tif says, "We have to evaluate the girls too you know."

Kat smiles and then says, "Well, it has a reputation for being a really good educational school so I am not too worried about that. It is about its appeal and what else it has to offer."

Tif frowns, "You know. I still think you should go to Berkley. It is a better school for your career."

Kat says, "But you did not get into Berkley."

Tif replies, "I know. I feel like I am holding you back. I could go to San Jose St. And we would still have reasonable access to the house to feed our needs."

Kat replies, "For the last time, you are not holding me back. I want you near me. Not an hour away at a different school."

The girls sit in silence for a little while until Tif breaks it, "I think we should visit the sororities this time. I'd really like to see what they're like. I feel like we only got to experience the frats last time."

Kat replies, "I think you're right. But remember what Richard has consistently said. We need to be smart about our choices and don't do anything too dangerous or permanent."

The girls continue to work out the agenda for the weekend. They arrive in LA around 9 pm. They eventually make it to the hotel to check in. Walking through the lobby they see a couple dozen people mingling around in a late happy hour. As Kat checks them in Tif scours for opportunities. 

Tif says, "I see a lot of handsome people. What do you say we get some food and then return to see what is available to us?"

Kat replies, "Tif I am feaning right now. I have not had anything since late last night. I am not sure can make it through dinner. Let's see if there is a concierge we can sample."

The girls walk through the lobby to the concierge desk. No one is manning it so they return to the front desk. The clerk replies, "We only have one tonight because the other called in sick. And he is on a dinner break at the moment. Is there something I can help you with?"

Tif replies, "No. That's okay. Thank you though."

Kat says, "I guess we should get some food. But then I need to get something else as soon as possible afterwards."

The girls ask for a table close to the lobby so they can look for their prey. As they are finishing up dinner, they see 3 guys hanging out on the couches at the edge of the lobby. 

Kat says, "Tif, do you want to go feel them out while I pay our bill?"

Tif agrees and heads over. Kat pays the bill. As she approaches the group, Tif is shaking hands.

Tif says, "This is my best friend Kat. Guys, introduce yourselves."

A tall blonde with a nice tan and a perfect smile holds his hand out and says, "Hi. I am Brad. I live around here. These are my two friends from out of town. Introduce yourselves fellas."

A shorter, brown haired guy with a closely shaved beard extends his hand and says, "Hi, I'm Heath." The third guy is a short, stocky Filipino guy who introduces himself as Alejandro. Brad jumps in, "We call him Jay for short."

After exchanging greetings, Brad asks, "So what brings you to LA?"

Tif says, "We are checking out USC and deciding whether we want to attend in the fall."

Brad says, "Ohhh. I see. Heath is here from Oregon. Jay is here from Texas. It's a longer story how we met and ended up here. Would you be interested in hearing about it over some beverages?"

Kat smiles and says, "Sounds like a plan. But remember, we are under age. So pick appropriately."

Brad says, "Ah man. How are we supposed to get you drunk and take advantage of you?"

Tif replies, "You don't need alcohol to take advantage of us. We might be willing partners to some giving men like yourselves."

Heath says, "I propose we get some beverages and then head to the pool. If you girls brought swimsuits, come join us and we can learn more about each other."

Tif says, "It's a plan. Hurry though!"

The girls head to their rooms and as they change into their skimpy bikinis they devise a plan of attack. They make their way to the pool and when they arrive, the guys are already there. Since it is approaching 11, there isn't anyone else in the pool area. Around the pool, there are a few tables and a slew of pool chairs in various stages of set up. In the corner, there is a hot tub with steam floating off the top. 

To the girl's expectations, all 3 guys are in good shape. Brad has a great tan, a product of living in southern California. Heath is well built with muscle to spare. Jay is in very good shape with washboard abs. 

The girls approach a table next to the pool where Heath is sitting. Brad yells from the pool, "Are you two ladies getting in the pool or just came to look at our sexy bodies?"

Tif replies, "As sexy as they may be, we came to join you."

The girls take off their shorts and shirts revealing bikinis that barely leave anything to the imagination. All 3 guys stop what they are doing and hoot and whistle. Jay says, "Oh my goodness."

Tif laughs and says, "I know Kat is extremely hot. I am blessed to be her wing woman."

Kat laughs and says, "You are nobody's wing woman. Maybe it is the other way around."

Heath says, "I think you are both stunning. Looks like you would fit right in here in LA."

The girls jump in the pool. Small groups of two's and three's mingle together asking questions that start to get more personal. There is endless flirting and not so innocent touching from each of the people until finally Brad suggests, "Maybe we should work our way over to the hot tub so we can get even more acquainted."

Kat comes over to Tif at the table before heading to the hot tub and says quietly, "We need to make a move. I have having serious withdrawals and I need some cum."

Tif replies, "I'll get this thing moving."

The girls climb down into the hot tub and sit across from each other. Tif is the first to speak, "Listen guys. I'm going to tell you something personal about us and then ask you a personal question in return. We will continue this process until either of us find something unacceptable or we go so turned on, we need to get naked."

Brad replies, "Here's hoping the second one happens soon." Kat nods in agreement.

Tif continues, "Kat and I have been friends since the beginning of freshman year of high school, but it was not until the beginning of our senior year that we became inseparable and also became lovers. I will have to say that Kat's body is as juicy and succulent as you imagine it to be. And before this nights out, her and I are going to share a bunch of orgasms, with or without you."

A round of 'Oh shit' and 'Daaaang' go around the hot tub. Kat smiles from ear to ear thinking, 'she definitely got this party started.'

Jay says, "We don't believe you. Let me see you two kiss. And make it believable."

Tif slides over to Kat and straddles her. She leans down and they passionately kiss. Each girl runs their hands all over the other sending shock waves through the guys. 

Tif dismounts and then continues, "I hope that was convincing. Now, my question for you boys. Are you guys interested in doing whatever we say tonight, no questions asked, no complaints, and no getting weirded out because your naked friend is next to you?"

Heath confesses that all the guys have already had shared experiences with women before. 

Talk continues, but a little more intimately. Brad and Jay close in on Kat. Brad kisses her as Jay reaches his hand across to start groping a big breast. Tif slides over on top of Heath and starts kissing him aggressively. He reaches around and starts gripping her ass. 

Brad moves his hand down below on Kat and starts rubbing her cunny through her tiny bikini. Kat opens her legs so he can have better access. Jay pulls one of her tits out and starts sucking the nipple. 

This goes on for several more minutes with the guys continuing to move their hands around the girls and getting inside their bikinis. The girls return the favor groping some hard penises. Finally Kat breaks loose of the guys and says, "I can't wait anymore. I need to suck a dick. We doing this here or going to a room?"

Brad says, "We can go to our room."

Kat says, "Let's do it then. Now."

Everybody gets out of the hot tub and hurries through drying off. They gather their things and dart to the elevator. On the way up, there is considerable groping and kissing. Upon entering the room, the girls shed their bikinis. As the guys get undressed Kat says, "I'm not fucking any of you today, but I desperately need one of you in my mouth."

Brad jumps at the chance and has his erection presented to Kat instantly. Kat is surprised to see that he is completely shaved. His cock and balls are completely bare. Her surprise only lasts a brief moment before she slides her mouth down his rod. 

Heath picks up Tif and lies her down on her back on the bed. He follows her down and kisses her passionately. He quickly moves down her neck to her chest and pulls one of her long nipples into his mouth. A small moan escapes Tif. Heath moves to the other nipple and brings it to attention as well. He kisses down her flat stomach and soon raises her legs in the air. 

Kat aggressively attacks Brad's erection. She skillfully mixes in some well lubricated stroking with periodic deepthroating. Brad's moans turn to one long groan. Kat can taste is precum oozing and intensifies her efforts. 

Jay walks over and lines himself up next to Tif's face. She reaches out and grips his manhood and starts stroking. His cock is short but quite fat. She pulls him closer and he slides his cock into her mouth. She sucks and strokes his balls for a few seconds before she pulls off to moan. Heath has positioned himself between her legs and has his mouth on her wet pussy. 

Just then a huge grunt can be heard from the other side of the room. Brad throws his head back and closes his eyes. His first shot hits Kat in the back of her mouth and she lets it slide down her throat. The next shot is bigger and she swallows it like she's starving. Several more fire into her mouth as Kat milks his cock for every drop. When his orgasm subsides, she pulls off his manhood savoring the last little bit in her mouth before sending it down with the rest. She licks her lips and looks over to the rest of the group.

Brad falls down into a chair expelling, "Ah fuck. That was ridiculous."

Kat yells over to the group, "Jay. Hey. Come over here."

Jay pulls his manhood out of Tif's mouth and struts over to Kat. As soon as he steps up to her, she engulfs his cock and goes to work. Jay expels, "Ah fuck. Brad, you weren't kidding."

Heath moves a finger up the middle of Tif's slit and then slides it in. Within a couple strokes, he pushes it in deep. He goes back to licking her clit, sending Tif into a small frenzy. He pulls out his finger and sticks it in his mouth and hums an 'mmmm'. He licks another finger and slides two fingers deep inside Tif. Her moans become louder.

Kat reaches her hands around to Jay's ass and pulls him into her. She moves her head back and forth initiating her own face fucking. With each stroke she goes deep down to his trimmed pubes. Jay groans and the precum flavor tells Kat that he is already getting close. Kat pulls off of his shaft and grips it hard with her hand. As she jerks it rapidly, she looks up at Jay and tells him, "Give it to me big boy. Shoot your load in my mouth. I want it."

The dirty talk and the stroking pushes Jay over the top. He holds his breath and rocks his hips. Then suddenly he expels his breath. Kat puts her mouth over his cock just as he lets loose. His cum fires out in small rapid bursts. Kat is so cum hungry, she drinks it down like a glass of water. Jay's groans die out as his orgasm concludes. Kat slowly pulls off of his manhood and she licks her lips again. Jay takes a couple steps over to the bed and crashes. Kat hears him say, "Holy fuck that was intense."

Kat's bliss is interrupted by hearing her friend moan loudly through an orgasm. Heath has 3 fingers pushing in and out of Tif's wet pussy as he rapidly flicks her clit. Tif's legs are shaking and she is squeezing her nipples hard as pleasure surges through her body. Heath sucks up her juice and slowly pulls his fingers out of her. He crawls back up and offers his juicy fingers to Tif to clean off. She happily does and then brings him in for a kiss. As their tongues dance, Tif can taste herself on his mouth and tongue. 

Tif is so turned on that she reaches down and positions Heath's erection at the entrance of her love tunnel. He feels her warmth on the head of his cock and he pushes in. Only a couple inches at first and then he pulls back out. Heath whispers in Tif's ear, "Are you sure you want this?" Tif replies, "Yes. Give it to me."

Heath pushes another couple inches in. Tif is very wet from her orgasm and the anticipation of this sexy man fucking her. Heath is large, around 9 inches and above average thickness. Even with Tif's arousal, it takes Heath several minutes to get his manhood completely lodged inside of her. 

Kat walks over to Brad and tries to pull him up. He is not ready. She looks over to Jay who is mostly konked out. She shakes her head in disappointment and heads over to Tif. She leans down and kisses her friend. Then she moves down and starts sucking and squeezing her nipples. The rippling effect of a big cock stretching her pussy and her friend sucking her nipples send Tif into an orgasmic bliss. She moans and shakes until the sensation slows down. 

Kat walks over to Heath and gently pulls him out of her friend. She leans down and slides her mouth over him, tasting the sweet nectar of her friend covering his manhood. Tif slides off of the bed and briefly glances at the other guys that are tapped out. Kat moves Heath over to the bed and lies him down. Tif climbs on top and lowers herself down, sinking his unit deep inside her warmth. He moans in appreciation.

Kat leans down and kisses him, their tongues darting and dancing. Heath slides his hand under Kat and finds her dripping wet pussy. Kat breaks the kiss to moan. Heath tells her, "Feels like you could use some attention. Come here."

Heath guides Kat over to his face. He positions her above him and she lowers herself down. The moment he can reach, he slides his tongue up and down her love pot drinking in her wetness. Kat moans as she feels jolts of pleasure course through her body. 

Tif stops bouncing on Heath and pushes him in deep and slowly grinds him. She leans forward gathering Kat up in her hands and kisses her friend passionately. The kiss breaks so Kat can moan. Heath is sunk into her tiny folds sucking on her clit hard. Tif reaches out and pinches Kat's nipples as Kat grinds herself into a powerful orgasm. Kat covers Heath's face with juice. 

Heath cleans what he can. Kat climbs off of Heath and then leans down to clean up his face and show her appreciation. Tif climbs off of Heath and helps him stand up. Kat gets on her knees and brings him over in front of her. She leans forward and slides her tongue up and down his long shaft. She savors the sweet flavor of her friend one more time as she slides his erection deep in her mouth. She slides up and down several times pulling more of him in each time. Within a couple minutes, she has his monster down her throat with each round. 

Kat reaches under and starts massaging his balls. The sensations are overwhelming and he tells Kat that he is going to blow. She pulls completely off of his glistening cock and starts stroking it. She looks up at him and says, "Feed me your cum. I want it."

Kat does not have to wait long before he grunts and sends his first offering into her open mouth. His cock is like a geyser pouring cum into her mouth with each pulse. Kat expertly swallows each offering until it finally slows to a stop. Kat cleans up his softening tool and licks her lips. She stands up and meets a happy Tif who kisses her in congratulations. Heath expresses, "Holy fuck that was crazy."

The girls make their way over to the other bed where they sit down. 

Kat asks Brad, "So. Brad. What the hell happened?"

Brad replies, "What do you mean?"

Kat says, "I wanted to go another round."

Brad says, "You blew my damn mind with that blowjob. I have never had one that good before."
