 Danny woke up with the hangover from hell. His head throbbed to the beating of his heart. The party last night.... He searched his memory. There was no memory of a party, just him, his wife Darla, and her older sister Carol. They had been drinking homemade frozen daiquiris and playing cards. Something about strip poker made a dim appearance in the back of his mind but he had no clear memories.

With a groan, he rolled onto his right side and curled up. Odd, he thought, he didn't normally sleep on his back. A memory of his wife sitting on his face made him lick his lips. He could taste her on his lips and mustache. A further memory of her sucking his dick, made him groan softly. She didn't do that very often or very well.

He rolled over on his back again and searched the bed next to him with his hand. His hand found a leg. He opened one eye and looked over to find his wife lying on her left side facing him, her knees pulled up. He had a hold on her calf. His head hurt from moving it but he smiled. If she was upside down in bed and not covered up, he must have knocked her socks off.

His hand moved up her calf and caressed her thigh. Darla straightened her leg, her foot pushing on the headboard. She groaned softly and straightened her other leg. She rolled more onto her back, her smoothly shaved sex coming into view. Danny licked his lips and again tasted his wife's flavor. His dick twitched and stiffened. 

Still smiling, his eyes moved up to his wife's small breasts and then on up to her face. Her makeup was smeared, especially her dark red lipstick. He grinned as his dick twitched again. She had outdone herself on the blowjob. 

Darla's eyes fluttered open and then closed tightly as she moaned softly. 

"You made those drinks mighty strong last night," Danny whispered.

With another moan, Darla whispered, "Carol made the drinks."

"No more bartending for her. My head is killing me."

"Uh huh," Darla replied and opened her eyes. She blinked several times and then lifted her head. Her eyes were on her husband's dick. "Uh.... What's on your dick?" She asked, confusion in her voice.

Danny grinned at his wife. "Lipstick unless I missed something."

"Whose lipstick?"

Danny's grin died, as he looked confused. "Yours," he said as he looked down at his dick. The head had smears of dark red on it that matched the lipstick on his wife's lips.

"I didn't...." Darla started to say and then stopped.

"Uh, yeah, you did. You were sitting on my face and sucking my dick. I can still taste you on my lips, chin, and mustache."

Darla gave her husband a confused look. "I... uh... I..." she stammered as she searched her memory. She remembered playing cards and drinking. There was a dim memory of her sister jokingly saying something about strip poker. Everything else was more or less blank.

"Why are you naked and in bed the wrong way?" Danny asked a moment later.

Darla's eyes grew wide. "When did I get undressed?"

"I've asked myself the same question." Danny replied. 

"Where is Carol?"

"Uh, I don't know."

The door to the bedroom slowly swung open. Carol stood there grinning at the two people on the bed. She was as naked as they were but didn't look as hung over. 

"What the hell?" Danny said as he sat up and looked for the covers. They were off the foot of the bed.

Carol grinned and stepped into the room. "I love you two so much."

"Uh...." Danny said as he looked at his wife. "She's your sister."

Darla looked at her husband and frowned. "That's what worries me."

"I love your lipstick," Carol said as she tossed a tube on the bed between her sister and brother-in-law.

Darla retrieved the tube and looked at the base. It was her color and brand. "Where did you get this?"

"Out of your purse, where else?"

"Why?" Darla asked before she sat up slowly and turned around.

"We'll get to that," Carol said as she took several steps toward the bed. 

Danny found himself comparing Carol to his wife. Close to the same size and height, Carol's breasts were a little larger, her nipples much larger. From what he could see, her sex was as smoothly shaved as his wife's and looked very similar. His dick gave a jerk as he wondered if she tasted the same. His tongue was on his lips again.

Carol grinned at him. "It does make you wonder doesn't it?"

"Wonder what?" Darla asked, once again looking confused.

Carol laughed. "For someone who is so smart, you can be so dumb at times."

Darla got a shocked look on her face. "What?"

Carol raised her hand and displayed another tube of lipstick. She pulled the top off and twisted the base. A light pink color showed about a half inch. "This is my color."

"Uh, yeah," Danny said, "You're wearing it."

Carol grinned. "So are you."

Danny looked confused for a second and then his eyes grew wide as they dropped to his dick. There was dark red on the head of his dick but there was also faint pink around the base. He groaned and looked at his wife. Her eyes were also on his dick and her mouth hung open.

"I... I... I..." Danny stammered.

Darla's eyes came up to her husband's face as her mouth slowly closed. He had a scared look on his face. Then she turned her head and looked at her sister, a frown coming to her face.

Carol laughed and tossed her sister the closed lipstick case. Darla caught the case and opened her mouth to yell at her sister.

Before she could speak, Carol yelled, "April Fools!"

Danny and Darla both said, "What?"

Carol was laughing so hard she didn't hear them. 

Danny looked at his wife, wondering what the hell was going on. Darla was looking at her sister with her eyes wide and her mouth hanging open. She was wondering the same thing. Darla glanced at her husband and then turned her head to look at him. 

"What the fuck?" Danny asked and Darla shrugged.

"She's your sister," Danny said and then grinned. "If she was mine, I'd give her a spanking."

"I'd love that. Darla can hold me across her lap while Danny makes my ass all hot and red," Carol said and laughed again.

"What?" Darla asked and then sighed deeply. "Are you crazy?"

"Crazier than you, it seems," Carol said as she took the last two steps to the foot of the bed. "If I had a hunk like Danny sleeping next to me every night, I'd be in heaven. Not to mention satisfied as hell."

"Some kind of crazy April's Fool joke unless I miss my guess," Danny said as he licked his lips. "Not to mention a confession of some sort."

Darla looked at her husband and shivered. A faint memory of a tongue in and on her pussy flashed across her mind. She had sat on her husband's face a time or two but not for a long time. Why was that? Her head swiveled around to look at her sister. "Where were you after we went to bed?"

Carol grinned. "You mean when we all went to bed."

"What!" Both Darla and Danny said together. Both had shocked looks on their faces.

"I have to get my jollies where I can," Carol said softly. "Watching you two sixty nine sure got the juices to flowing believe me."

"Uh, what about your lipstick on my, uh, dipstick," Danny asked and waited breathlessly for an answer.

Carol grinned. "And a very nice dipstick it is but no, I didn't put the lipstick on it the way I wanted to."

"So you just smeared some around the base and waited to play your sick joke," Darla said, anger showing in her voice.

"Well, you sure as hell weren't using all of it. Not even half. I know you can do better than that," Carol shot back sharply.

"Uh..." Danny started to say.

"Be quiet, Danny. I'll handle this," Darla said as she glared at her sister.

Carol laughed. "You sure weren't handling it very well last night. You were getting far better than you were giving."

"I was drunk on my ass for one thing," Darla said. "A certain sister saw to that. Was that part of your sick joke?"

Carol sighed and shook her head. "No, my plan was completely different to start with but when you two started in on each other...."

"Uh, what was your plan to start with?" Danny asked.

Darla looked around at him sharply and then looked back at her sister. "Yeah, what was your plan?"

"It doesn't matter now. While we were drinking and playing strip poker, it did seem to matter but not so much now."

Danny shook his head and groaned softly. "I need some coffee and a hot shower."

"Add some aspirins to that and you've got a deal," Darla whispered.

"I've already had the aspirins," Carol said and shivered hard. "All three of us will fit in that big ass shower in your bathroom, won't we?"

"What!" Darla said as she stared at her sister hard.

Carol chuckled. "We used to shower together but that was a while ago."

"When we were kids!" Darla said and then groaned softly. 

Carol shivered and whispered, "Yeah, when you came up to visit me that first time at college. You were there to check the place out. Like there was anywhere else you were going to go."

"Uh, yeah," Darla whispered and then wiggled over to the side of the bed.

"You two did go to the same college," Danny said thoughtfully. "You two had an apartment together when I first met you, Darla."

"Yeah, we did but she graduated before we started dating and I couldn't afford the place by myself."

Danny looked confused for a second. "I never did figure out why you didn't just get another roommate."

Carol chuckled and looked at her sister. "You never told him, did you?"

"Now would be a good time to shut up," Darla said to her sister.

"Or a good time for you to fess up," Carol shot back.

Danny looked back and forth between the two several times and then grinned. "I have the feeling there was more than showers involved here."

Carol chuckled and Darla shot her a dirty look. "You always did have a big mouth."

With a laugh, Carol said, "That's why my lipstick was at the base of his dick. You remember Dave Wallace, right?"

Darla groaned as Danny asked, "Who is Dave Wallace?"

"A really lucky guy who turned out to be an asshole," Carol said looking at her sister.

"Shut up Carol," Darla said with a hard edge in her voice.

"Uh huh," Danny said looking at his wife questioningly.

Darla groaned. She had never cheated on her husband but there were secrets she had never told him. "Call him a practice dummy," she said as she glared at her sister.

"He was her first blowjob," Carol said. She was holding eye contact with her sister and smiling. "He was my boyfriend at the time and I offered to show her how it was done." Looking at Danny, the smile became a grin. "From what I saw last night, she still doesn't have the hang of it."

Darla stood up and headed for the bathroom. Carol cut her off and grabbed her around the waist. "Let me go!" Darla said hotly. Carol just laughed as she pulled her sister back over by the bed and pushed her down on it. Darla bounced and ended up flat on her back as a long drawn out moaning groan escaped her lips.

"Sorry, I forgot about the hangover," Carol said as she climbed on the bed next to her sister.

Darla had her hands on her head as if she were trying to keep it from exploding. She didn't see or feel Carol getting on the bed until she laid down halfway on top of her. Her eyes flew open and then she moaned loudly as her sister kissed her fully on the lips.

Danny grinned as Darla returned the kiss. "Yeah, much more than showers," he whispered.

Carol broke the kiss and grinned down at her sister. "Three in the shower?" She asked.

Darla groaned as her head turned toward Danny. "Do you have any problems with three in a shower?"

"You're asking that of the guy with two shades of lipstick on his dipstick?"

Carol laughed. "Wait until you experience the real thing."

Danny groaned softly at the thought and Darla whimpered. 

Carol brushed her lips against her sister's and smiled. "I've often wondered what would have happened if I'd had my tongue in your sweet pussy while you sucked a dick."

Darla groaned as she raised her head and kissed her sister deeply.

Danny shook his head as he grinned. "From April's Fools to a wet dream. This should be fun."