 If you asked those who know me they’d say that I’m not the most out going girl they know. Far from it really. I’ve had boy friends but never anything long term and I’ve never been the type to go out dressed to score a one night stand. At twenty I have had my share of sex and but have always been too shy to let myself get totally wild in bed. My boyfriend of a year dumped me two weeks prior to spring break, but I guess it was better than being lied to after he got back from fucking anything that moved in Daytona. I had been invited to spend spring break with a high school friend but feeling sorry for myself, declined. Katie called again to beg me to fly out to Arizona, this time I accepted thinking why spend spring break wallowing in self pity. 

While packing I decided it was time for a change. Took several old pair of jeans and cut them to daisy dukes and went shopping for a skimpier wardrobe. I’m considered very pretty although I don’t have the body a super model, much curvier, with shoulder length sandy blonde hair, green eyes and a 36d-25-36 five foot 2 frame. I bought several thong bikinis, halters tops, short shorts, low cut t-shirts and three pair of the sexiest platform sandals I could find. I hit the tanning bed twice to get rid of my mid west pink but wore my bikini to build up tan lines. I even had my nails and toes done.

After a long flight Katie picked me up and we drove to her parents cabin on the Colorado River. We arrived in the late afternoon I unpacked and took a quick shower. Katie and I shared a few beers, caught up on old times then headed out to her boat for a ride. The river was buzzing with power boat, jet skis and lined on both sides with beaches and bars. A pontoon boat passed slowly by filled with girls in white T-shirts as boats full of cheering guys sprayed them down with super soaker squirt guns. 

“What ya think Lora?” Katie asked. 

I closed my gaping mouth and timidly replied “Have you been on that boat?” 

She laughed and said “Not yet?” We docked at a place named Dooley’s and made our way to the bar. I had changed into my daisy dukes and a light blue Superman baby T with no bra. Katie was wearing skimpy khaki shorts with a orange tank her hair in pig tails. Katie was once rather overweight but now I am proudly envious of her looks. She has long auburn hair amazing blue eyes and a fantastic tanned body thanks to her strict workout. 

Guys were eying us as soon as we stepped off the boat. As guys brush past me in the crowd I could feel my nipples get hard poking through the thin cotton of my shirt. I felt truly sexy for the first time in my life. The music was thumping and we couldn’t help moving out to the dance floor. Several beers later Katie and I were grinding on each other and had a group of guys watching us. Out of breath and sweating I pulled her to the bar for quick rest and a drink. At the bar Katie suggested a body shot of tequila. The bartender lined up two shots each with lime wedges and salt. 

With a wedge in my mouth Katie took the shot and slid her tongue up my neck to my mouth sucking the lime from my lips. Suddenly I was flushed with excitement. I never thought Katie was into women, it had been a long time since we had seen each other but then again we were also drunk. Without thinking I tugged her tank top down dumped salt on her sweaty exposed breast, took the shot and sucked the salt from her nipple then kissed her taking the lime from her mouth. We then exploded in laughter and made our way to the patio for some fresh air. We could hear guys cheering as we walked away.

Outside I asked Katie if I had made her feel uncomfortable. She said no and asked if I had been with a woman. I said that I hadn’t and honestly never thought about it. Katie confessed that she had twice been with a woman and had liked it but she’d could never go without getting fucked by a guy. A good looking guy came up and introduced himself as Jay and that he was staying in the cabin next door to Katie’s. He had seen us out on the deck earlier and didn’t have the chance to say hi. His friends weren’t supposed to arrive until later the next night so he came down to check out the bar scene. We talked for the bar closed and offered Jay a ride back to his cabin. 

We invited Chad in for an early breakfast. Katie headed for the shower while Chad and I worked on the eggs and pancakes. Jay was polite but I could tell he was excited by the fact that he was alone with two hot girls. He was tan and muscular with sexy brown eyes and short dark brown hair. Katie returned wearing only silk white panties and a tiny white T-shirt, Jay’s eyes nearly popped from his head but he said nothing. After we ate I excused myself and showered, I took my time shaving my pussy and put on the an oversized tank that from the right angle would give anyone a full view of my breasts. I returned to the living room to find Katie alone on the couch. I asked where Jay had gone and she replied that he had gone back to his cabin for a deck of cards. I admitted that expected them to fucking by the time I got out of the shower. Katie laughed and said she had wanted to but wanted to make sure that I didn’t want him first. Giving her a sly look said why can’t we both have him. “Good idea.” Katie growled. 

Jay knocked on the door and came in and set the cards and a twelve pack of beer on the table. “What do you to some poker, ladies?” 

Katie and I smiled and I said “We were thinking about fucking you but if you want to play cards, that’s fine too.” 

Jay just stood there in shock for a moment and before he could speak Katie and I removed our clothes and pulled him to the floor. Our hands and mouths were all over him as we stripped his clothes off. Taking turns kissing him and Katie I slid down and engulfed Jay’s cock. It was nice and thick and around eight inches long. I felt Katie’s lips on my cheek and offered Jay’s cock to her, she licked the head lightly then sucked it deep into her throat. Katie and I kissed each other. I had never kissed another woman, I was exhilarated and loved her soft lips on mine as our tongues met. I was so turned on by the kiss and watching her suck Jay’s cock that I dared to go further.

We laid down and I maneuvered around straddling Jay’s face and went to work on Katie’s dripping clit. While jay ate me I devoured Katie’s pussy. It didn’t take long before she was quivering with her first orgasm. Her juices drenched my face as my own orgasm wracked by body grinding my pussy on Jays tongue. Jay moaned “Oh god I’m gonna cum!” 

Katie kept her lips clamped to his pulsing cock as he flooded her mouth with jism. I crawled down to face Katie, Jay’s cock slipped from her cum coated lips, she smiled and kissed me letting the sperm pour into my mouth as her tongue probed my own. Together we cleaned Jay’s cock lapping up any missed cum. Katie’s kissed her way down my neck to my ample breasts sucking my nipples while her hand traveled down to finger my wet folds. taking her mouth away from my tits she positioned herself between my thighs and delicately slid her tongue around my pussy. 

I moaned loudly as she inserted another finger and sucked on my throbbing clit. I turned my head to see Jay’s cock standing tall, I reached up and took it into my mouth. I felt my orgasm mounting and reached down pushing Katie’s head into my wetness. Bucking wildly I came, Katie kept sucking my clit as another orgasm ripped through me. As my convulsions subsided she crawled up to my face taking Jay’s cock into her mouth and I licked my own juices from her chin relishing the taste. 

Letting Jay’s cock plop from her mouth Katie pulled me to my knees and we both bent down with our asses in the air. Jay looked a bit perplexed and I said “pick a month” “what?” he stammered. “ A month, pick one.” “October?” Jay questioned. “ Katie wins fuck her first” I breathed. With that Jay buried his cock to the hilt inside Katie’s wet cunt. She let out a grunt as he pounded away. I felt Jay’s fingers probing my pussy and he slipped two fingers inside me, with his thumb probed my asshole. At first I resisted but as he applied more pressure I loosened up and accepted his thick thumb into my ass.

"Switch!” Katie moaned and Jay slammed his cock into me. He fingered Katie in the same way he had me, Katie and I kissed passionately as Jay fucked us. We both must have orgasmed three or four times each as Jay alternated between the two of us pumping his cock into our wet holes like a piston until with a grunt he sprayed cum all over my ass. We all collapsed in a heap kissing and laughing. I was a new woman.

To Be Continued...