 Before you read this work, please be aware that it is a very graphic depiction of a sexual encounter. This story is intended for adults only, and should by no means be read by anyone under the age of 18 years.

I love to read your comments and would enjoy hearing from you if you like this story. I even want your comments if you didn't like it, provided you are actually giving constructive criticism. Please don't leave a comment if you are simply turned off by what the story contains. Just because you may not enjoy or politically agree with the portrayals, it doesn't mean that others won't. 

This is a fun story about two friends who are happy to share a house, among other things. I hope you get as much enjoyment out of reading it as I did writing it.

~~Odysseyker

*

"Hey, you wanna have some fun tonight?" Doug asked as he came in and flopped down in the recliner, handing me a beer as he passed. 

Doug was my best friend at the time, we were both twenty-two and sharing a house. Neither of us was married, but he was seriously involved with a twenty-year-old girl named Tina. I thought he was a little nuts because I was enjoying my freedom and playing the field way too much to get tied down. But it worked out well since Tina was over at the house, cleaning and cooking for both of us, on a regular basis. 

"I don't know. What did you have in mind?" I replied, guessing that Tina must've been doing something that freed up his Friday evening.

To my surprise, he said, "Well, Tina's coming over later," after taking a long pull from his own beer. Instantly I pictured the dreaded 'blind date' conversation. But what I heard next nearly caused me to drop my beer. "She wants to fuck both of us," he said, "If you're okay with that."

I coughed and sputtered "Do what?"

Doug laughed out loud, and then confirmed what he'd told me. "You know how horny that girl is," he said. "She wants to come over tonight and do both of us."

I did indeed know that she was horny as a rabbit in heat, since Doug and I were always swapping tales of our sexual conquests. But I didn't expect this. "What in the hell brought this on?" I questioned. 

"Haven't you noticed that the girl has the hots for you in a big way?" he posed. 

Honestly, I hadn't. But as I thought about things, I could see where she might have been coming on to me at times. I hadn't received the signals because I knew that she was involved with Doug. That being the case, I guess I didn't consider her fair game, even though she was always massaging my back and hugging me, amongst other things, even when Doug wasn't home. 

As I explained this to him, Doug laughed and shook his head. "I would've thought you'd have got the hint when she rubbed those big titties all over you," he smirked. 

"Guess not," I admitted. "And you're okay with this deal?" I wondered, knowing he was helplessly in love with her. 

"Yeah," he said, "It's strictly a physical thing."

We talked, and laughed, about the situation for the next several minutes and I assured him that I was willing to help him screw his fiancé. Although Tina wasn't exactly my type, she wasn't butt-ugly either. She did indeed possess a pair of huge boobs, as Doug had eluded, and I knew from what he'd told me that she was a real tiger in the sack. Since we all had a good relationship and, more importantly, I hadn't been laid in a couple of weeks, I figured it might be fun.

Tina pulled in the drive about three hours later, which had given both Doug and myself time to have some dinner and get cleaned up. By the time she arrived, we had both downed a couple more beers and were currently engaged in our favorite at-home pastime; watching porn. Tina was well aware of our hobby, and even enjoyed watching with us sometimes. 

Just as she entered the room, the guy on the T.V. screen unloaded a big wad of cum right onto some bimbo's face. "Ohhh, gross!" Tina feigned disgust. From what Doug had told me, she had no problem taking a load on her face, or anywhere else for that matter. We all three laughed and she proceeded toward Doug, acknowledging me with a simple "Hey there." 

She leaned over to give Doug a kiss and he quickly cupped one of her breasts in his hand. This wasn't an unfamiliar sight and I had never really given it much thought. I normally just ignored them when they started feeling each other up, but now I was anticipating the opportunity to heft her chest in my own hand. I didn't want to seem too anxious, though, so I focused my attention on the porno flick. 

The atmosphere seemed a little more tense than what I was accustomed too, so I suggested we play a game. I explained that there was a game I'd played with a few other friends, with some interesting results. The game was called "Pornopoly" and played out rather like its tamer, more well known namesake, "Monopoly". Only in this game, instead of using money, you played for sexual favors or tasks.

They both agreed that it seemed like a good idea, so I got out the game and we started to play. The game was designed to be played by couples, and we soon discovered that an odd number of players presented a problem. The players were supposed to be oriented male-female-male-female around the board. It was supposed to allow you the opportunity to swap partners for a brief, predetermined period of time. We worked around this problem by simply letting Tina play the part of two women. 

It wasn't long before I found myself alone with Tina in another room, as per the directions on the card I'd drawn. It read "Spend 3 minutes kissing the player to your right, in another room." She put her arms around my neck and looked into my eyes as if she didn't know what to do. I didn't say anything and simply leaned my head downward, pushing my lips against hers. That broke the ice and the girl nearly gagged me as she drove her tongue past my lips. 

We didn't waste our time talking and spent the allotted minutes lip-locked. The only other action was that I let my hands venture down to rub and squeeze her ample hind-end. Tina was a bit on the chubby side, which of course enhanced all of her curves. She wasn't what I would call fat, but to me she would have been more attractive had she lost about 15 or 20 pounds. Doug said she was "pleasingly plump", and I guess that's as good a description as any. 

The game progressed, and it seemed like I just couldn't catch a break. Part of the game cards directed you to remove one article of clothing, or allowed you to have someone else take something off. I think I was nailed with one of those cards every other turn, and was soon setting there naked. Doug remained practically fully clothed, and Tina was still in her bra and jeans. 

On my next turn, though, I was able to even the field a little when I drew an 'Ask any player to remove one article' card. Tina blushed a little when she unhooked her bra and pulled it away from her huge melons, but didn't hesitate in the least. Doug reached across the game board in an attempt to grab a quick feel, but Tina smacked his hand away saying, "That wasn't part of the instructions. You'll have to wait your turn."

I was somewhat mesmerized by the sight of her boobs. They were round and firm. In fact they looked firmer than I had expected. With their size, I thought that they would sag a good deal, but they didn't. In fact, it seemed to me that she really didn't need the bra for support. Each one of the massive orbs was capped with a dark brown circle, maybe three inches in diameter. Centered in these circles were Tina's puffy nipples, protruding outward, but, as I was soon to find out, not nearly as much as they were capable of. 

During the next couple of rounds, I was able to get my hands on Tina's breasts, and Doug was forced to finish stripping. His boner bounced in front of him as he shook his briefs off his feet, and I had to laugh when Tina asked him, "Are you horny Dear?" 

Her comment brought a wide grin to Doug's face and he quipped, "We'll show you horny..." He started around the table, inviting me, "Come on, let's get her." Tina giggled loudly and sprang up and away from the table, with us in hot pursuit. She only made it to the living room before we caught her and tussled her to the floor. 

Tina continued to giggle and carry on while Doug and I worked on undoing her pants and wrestling them off of her. Once we had her naked, we attacked her heaving chest with our mouths, each of us sucking in one of her nipples. It wasn't long before her giggles turned to soft moans and she began running her fingers through our hair. 

Most of the girls I had dated were not nearly as busty as Tina, and I was almost amazed at how big her nipples got while we sucked and nibbled on them. They expanded to at least a half an inch wide and three-quarters of an inch high, if not more. I had no trouble at all grasping the fleshy bud in my lips and pulling upward. Honestly, it felt a little strange because I'd never sucked on a nipple that large before, and I haven't since either. 

After some time, Tina seductively proposed, "Why don't you guys come up her and let me suck you for a while?" Neither of us hesitated in the least. We hustled to our knees and moved toward Tina's head. She twisted her shoulders and took Doug's member in first. I patiently waited my turn, reaching down to knead the breast I had been sucking. 

I watched Tina's lips glide back and forth over Doug's cock for a few minutes and then she turned to me. She looked up at me like she might be having second thoughts, then proceeded to engulf my manhood. Her full lips felt fantastic as she slid more and more of me into her warm mouth. Her tongue played along the bottom of my shaft as she slowly worked her way up and down my pole. 

After four or five minutes, Tina pulled free of me and let her head return to the floor. It was obvious that the position she had to assume to service us was uncomfortable for her. As she lay there, letting her neck and shoulders rest, she reached up and took our cocks in her hands. Her eyes didn't leave my dick as she slowly stroked both of us for the next few minutes. Then she released us and sat up, directing us to stand in front of her. 

Once we were all repositioned, Tina set about sucking us again. This time, it was evident that she was more comfortable, and she vigorously bobbed her head up and down on each of us in turn. While she blew one of us, she would stroke and tug on the other. It wasn't long before both Doug and I were groaning our appreciation of the girl's efforts. I have had better blowjobs, but not many. 

"God, Babe. You're going to have to stop or I'm gonna cum," Doug told his wife-to-be. 

Tina extracted his pecker from her lips and teased, "But don't you want to cum?"

He grumbled, "Yeah... Just not yet," as he pulled away from her. 

Doug flopped down on the couch, his hard-on twitching in his lap, and watched while his girlfriend pushed my rigid staff into her mouth once more. I think she was trying to give him a real show because she worked me over with a wild fervor. Again, she shifted, getting to her knees in front of me. Her hands roamed all over my lower torso, eventually coming to rest on my ass cheeks. Pulling me toward her, she slowly swallowed my cock until her nose was pressed into the curls of my pubic hair. 

Tina withdrew and let me spring free, then turned to Doug and asked in a sultry voice, "Do you like to watch me swallow his cock Baby?" He just nodded his head, indicating he did. 

"Do you want me to do it again?" the girl teased further.

Doug and I both answered simultaneously, "YES!"

Tina giggled, knowing that she had us both captivated, and descended on my pecker again. Her sweet lips closed around the head, her tongue wiggling against it. She pushed forward slowly, until she had sucked me about halfway in, then withdrew. This was repeated a few times and then she pressed further forward, sliding over the entire length of my shaft and lodging my cock head deep in her throat. 

"God that feels good," I mumbled. 

"Don't I know it..." Doug smugly agreed.

"Well, I don't blame you for marrying her," I responded as Tina withdrew and took in a deep breath of air. 

"Want some more?" she asked, looking up at me and then licking a big circle around the head of my dick.

"Hell yes!" I told her, and she once more worked up and down my spit-covered member before swallowing me to the very base. I groaned as she bottomed out, and a tingle shot up my spine. I knew then that I was soon to be in the same boat that Doug had been in a few minutes before; ready to blow my load. 

Tina bobbed up and down my tool and then swallowed me again. "Ohhh fuck!" I moaned, "You better quit or you're gonna get a mouthful of cum." She rolled her eyes up at me and then slurped off of my meat. 

Before either of us could say anything, Doug taunted, "What's wrong, don't you want to get taste of his cum, Honey?"

Tina didn't bother to respond to his remark. She simply opened her mouth and swallowed my entire cock, one more time. When her puffy lips clamped around the base, I couldn't take any more. My ass clenched and I erupted into her throat. Tina gagged a little and quickly pulled about halfway off of me as I finished cumming.

When I was spent, Tina swirled her tongue around my cock and pulled herself free. She looked at Doug and swallowed my sperm with an overly animated gulp, then smacked her lips and said, "Mmmm, tasty." Turning back to my softening tool, she stretched out her tongue and licked up another droplet that had oozed out and was dangling from the tip. 

"Damn that was good!" I asserted as I twisted my head to look at Doug. His cock was still twitching and a good deal of pre-cum was drooling from it and running down his shaft. "Look Tina," I said, "He's gettin' it all lubed up for you." 

"Uh-huh," she affirmed and then sucked the head of my super-sensitive dick into her mouth again. My whole body jerked when she did and she chuckled, the vibrations sending shivers through me. Reluctantly, I stepped away from her and took a seat on the opposite end of the couch from Doug. 

"She sure can suck cock, can't she?" Doug boasted proudly. I think he was paying her a compliment, in his own crude way, at the same time. I nodded in agreement, still a little out of breath. 

Tina stood up and moved to the couch as well. But just as she began to sit down, she said, "I gotta' go pee. I'll be right back." As she started to walk away, Doug reached out and gave her ass a playful smack. Tina jumped and chastised him, "Stop that. No rough stuff tonight!" 

Her remark left me a little curious because Doug had never mentioned anything about them using B & D, or anything even resembling it. When she had disappeared and I heard the bathroom door close, I asked him, point blank, about what she'd said. "Have you guys done any bondage stuff?"

He shook his head and answered, "No, but she keeps telling me she wants to try it; Wants me to tie her up and shit." After a moment, he went on, "To be honest, I don't really have any interest in it."

"No kidding?" I said, "I'd love to try my hand at playing 'Master' with some hot little chick."

I wasn't trying to solicit him in any way, but he offered, "Maybe, if this all works out, I'll let the two of you hook up alone. Or maybe I'll just come and watch."

"Okay," I told him, and left it at that. 

"Just don't say anything to her about, Okay?" he quietly implored as I heard the bathroom door opening again. 

Again, I simply said, "Okay," but couldn't help thinking about the kinky fun I could have dominating his girlfriend.

When Tina entered, she dropped onto the couch between us and immediately reached for both our cocks. Doug's tool was still at full readiness, and mine had begun to stir again, in light of our conversation. It didn't take a lot of her tender fingers stroking me to have me nearly hard again. Of course, by now Doug was about to blow a gasket and I could tell from his body language that he needed some relief, and soon. 

"Why don't you do to him what you did to me?" I proposed to Tina. "And better yet, if you kneel in front of him and spread your legs a bit, I bet I can eat your pussy while you do."

"Oooh, sounds good," she purred, and quickly assumed the position I had suggested. 

The pair kissed briefly while I got to the floor, laying on my back. I heard Doug give out a low growl when, I'm sure, Tina sucked him in. Scooting between the girl's legs, it was almost as if she were built for this exercise. I only had to lift my head a short distance to make contact with her crotch. With a little adjustment on her part, I was soon licking away at her sparsely hair-covered pussy. 

When my tongue slipped into her damp vagina, Tina gave out a cock-muffled "Uhhhmmm" that I'm quite certain felt fantastic for Doug. I drove it into her as deeply as I could and wiggled it about. Then I withdrew and licked up her slit until I found her love button. I centered my efforts there for a couple of minutes and then dipped deep into her honey pot again. 

The more I worked on her, the more I could taste her juices and she began to twitch and jerk lightly from time to time. I was sure that she was getting closer and closer to her release, and judging by the sounds coming from above me, so was Doug. I could hear him groaning and mumbling as Tina worked him over, her own whimpers of pleasure mingling in periodically. 

"Cum for me Baby, cum in my mouth, Mmmm..." Tina choked out hoarsely, her voice transforming to a loud hum as her mouth filled with Doug's dick again. A moment later I could hear her encourage him again, "Come on Honey, I want to taste your hot cum uhmumm...." in an almost pleading manner. 

"Oh fuu-ckk... Uhhhngg," Doug grunted, obviously unloading into his girlfriend's oral cavity. After a moment of silence, I heard him counseling her, "That's right Sweet Cheeks, take all my cum." 

Tina didn't speak, only continued with heightened whimpers and humming noises while she ground her cunt down on my face. Finally, I heard her slurping repeatedly, I assume to clean the remains of his ejaculation from Doug's prick. Then she pulled back and moved from her position straddling me, still without saying a word. 

Thinking we were finished for the moment, I pulled myself up into a sitting position, my now hard again dick poking straight out. But Tina wasn't done yet. She quickly sat down next to me and then lowered her back to the carpet. Spreading her legs, she dipped a finger into her wet hole and seductively stated, "I sure wish this was someone's cock."

I didn't miss the invitation and crawled between her knees. She extracted the slimy digit and reached for my approaching dick. When I was near enough, she guided me into her folds and let out a deep sigh. I pushed into her slowly, making sure that I was coating my pecker in her natural lube as I went. 

When I was nearly three-fourths inserted, I paused and withdrew a bit, then pushed back into her to the hilt. "Oh yeah..." she seethed, "C'mon and fuck me good." 

I began with a few slow and steady strokes, in and out of her overheating hole, and then began to build up some speed and force. Within a matter of moments, I was hammering the girl's box pretty well, causing her to rapidly work into a much more animated, and vocal, state of arousal. Tina's hips began to hump back at me and she was tossing her head from side to side. 

Doug joined us after a few minutes of recovery time and began to tweak and pull at the female's stiffened nipples. He was tugging at them fairly hard, and each time he did, Tina would squeal with delight. I could tell that she indeed liked things a little rough, so I tried to oblige her by starting to really slam my hips against hers. 

I grabbed her legs and lifted them high into the air, giving myself a better angle. I thrust my cock as deep into her as I could with each drive, and I could tell that it was exactly what she wanted. Apparently, she wasn't the only one I was pleasing with my performance, either. I glanced up and saw that Doug's tool was coming back to life already, which gave me an idea. 
