 Jay woke me with a light kiss and said that he needed to run a few errands before his friends arrived. I watched as he left the house and rolled over to cuddle with Katie and fell back to sleep. I awoke later with Katie lapping at my pussy. It didn’t take long before my first orgasm shook my body in pulsing waves. She continued sucking my over sensitive clit and another orgasm hit me like a sledge hammer. I pushed her head away pleading that I couldn’t take anymore. I laid there panting as Katie kissed my forehead and left to shower. I got up and walked to the bathroom on shaky legs. 

When I entered I could see Katie masturbating through the distorted glass. “I can do that for you,” I said.

“Then get in here.” Katie ordered. I stepped in and Katie's arm slipped around my waist. We kissed passionately as the hot water poured over us putting me into a dream like trance. I slowly slid down her wet body sucking as I descended to her neatly trimmed pussy. I kissed lightly around her pink folds working slowly the tip of my finger inside. 

Katie moaned and gabbed the shower head for balance. I continued working one then two fingers deeper and concentrated my efforts on her enlarged clit. My free hand dug into her round ass as I felt her begin to convulse, her juices running into my mouth and down my chest. She pulled me up to her face and kissed me.” I told you we’d have fun.” she giggled. I nodded and kissed her wrapping my arms around her tightly.

We packed the cooler full of food and beverages, loaded the boat and took off down the river to sunbathe. We found a secluded cove dropped anchor and ate a light lunch. Setting our towels on the front deck we rubbed each other down with oil and lay talking taking in the rays. Splashing water broke the calm and we both sat up. Katie had taken off her top giving the two guys on the bank a clear view of her perfect oiled 34d’s. 

One of the guys whooped and Katie snatched her towel to cover herself. We laid back down giggling grabbing a few beers from the cooler. Outside the boat there was more slashing I leaned over and saw the two guys from the bank paddling towards us. Katie grabbed her top and asked if they were cute, “Very” I replied. We weren’t in the mood for company but what the hell it’s spring break. I went to the rear of the boat invite them aboard. My god they were very cute both with lean bodies. They introduced themselves as Chris and Trevor. 

Chris was blonde with great sparkling sexy blue eyes, Trevor with long brown hair and amber greenish eyes with a sweet smile. I couldn’t tell if they had nice cocks due to their baggy shorts. I was already horny just looking into Chris’s eyes and hoped that they weren’t jerks. I led them to the front deck and introduced them to Katie and offered them each a beer. They turned out to be pretty cool thankfully. Trevor pulled a small blue container out of his cargo pocket and produced several fat joints. He asked if we wanted to get high and Katie and I both agreed that it was a great idea. 

We sat talking high as kites when the subject turned to sex. We told them about the events of last night and I noticed bulges form in their baggy shorts. They both looked surprised and asked if we did that sort of thing often. We replied never until now. I suggested that we skinny dip and in seconds we were naked in the water. They both had nice cocks and it didn’t take long before Katie had her hands all over Trevor’s. Chris swam up to me and started sucking my nipples. 

We climbed onto the boat and I climbed on top of Katie kissing her breasts and began making out with her. I looked up to see Chris’s hard cock and I drew the purple head into my hot mouth. Katie continued to kiss my neck and suck on my nipples while Trevor buried his face between her legs and slipped a probing finger inside my moist pussy. I seriously wanted Chris’s cock inside me so I turned around and pushed myself onto him, Katie lapping at my clit. I pulled Katie's legs up to me and guided Trevor’s shaft into her. 

I kissed him and began sucking his nipples as he pumped forcefully inside Katie. My nipple sucking must have really turned him on because he was moaning loudly and pulled out squirting his load all over Katie’s stomach. I knew Katie hadn’t came so I bent down attacking her clit and in no time her hips wear bucking with orgasmic joy and Trevor’s cum was smeared all over our bodies. I began to squeal with my own orgasm as Chris sped his thrusting deep inside me. I felt his cock swell and explode coating my inner walls with his seed. Trevor collapsed beside us watching and stroking his cock. I fell onto Katie as the sperm dribbled out of me onto her waiting tongue. 

She began lapping at me and I came again rolling off of her quivering. I laid there resting, my head on Trevor’s thigh, rubbing the cum around my nipples. Katie had Chris’s cock in her mouth bringing it back to life, she was insatiable. I sat up and Trevor pulled me to him kissing me and then ran his tongue down my chest licking his own sperm from my tits. He crawled over Katie sinking his cock inside her, with Chris’s cock just inches from his face. Katie looked at him and smiled letting Chris’s cock slip from her mouth she fed it to Trevor. I had never seen anything like it but I was really turned on by the sight. I joined them passing his cock from mouth to mouth. 

Chris began to shake and exploded in Trevor’s mouth. His cum overflowed even as Trevor swallowed and Katie and I lapped it up our faces covered. Chris pulled away bending down to share his load licking and kissing the three of us. Sitting up I ordered Trevor to fuck me and he pulled out of Katie and drove his cock into me knocking me forward into Chris. He grabbed my hips and slammed into me, I wailed with pleasure and took Chris into my mouth. Katie was on her back furiously masturbating waiting for Chris to fuck her. One orgasm after another shook my body as Trevor fucked me. Chris pulled away from me and sank into Katie’s waiting pussy. 

As two more orgasms rocked me I fell away from Trevor convulsing. He yanked me back driving into me again I screamed cumming once more and collapsed. Trevor knelt next to Katie feeding her his juice soaked cock. She sucked it hungrily as Chris pistoned into her. Trevor bucked his hips violently and his cock pooped from Katie’s mouth and he spurted a stream of cum down Katie’s face. Chris quickly bent down taking Trevor’s cock into his mouth draining him then proceeded to clean the sperm from Katie’s face. Katie arched her back spasmic in orgasmic bliss biting onto Chris’s left nipple. 

Chris went rigid and filled her pussy with hot cum. Cum was dripping from her pussy and I scooped a glob with my finger and sucked into my mouth tasting the combination of their lust.

“God, Lora, you’re such a cum junkie!” squealed Katie. “You know it!” I replied scooping more into my mouth. We all started laughing and sat on the deck smoking and drinking till the sun started to sink. 

The guys told us regretfully that this was their last day here wished they had more time with us. Before dropping them off at the nearest dock we gave them each a goodbye blow job. With the remnants of cum still on our lips we sped off down the river to the cabin to clean up and hit the bars. We still had a week left.

To Be Continued...