 We docked the boat and started to unloaded our cooler and towels. On the way into the cabin I heard voices coming from Jay’s cabin I stopped, Katie bumped into me. We looked over at Jay and his group of 6 or more guys standing on the deck staring at us with wide grins. “Since when is this place a nudist camp!?” he shouted. Katie and I looked at each other and giggled. We had forgotten to put our suits back on. 

“Are you complaining!?” Katie replied. 

In unison they shouted “NO!”

“We’ll see you at Dooley’s later, OK!” I told them and we went inside. We decided to fix dinner and rest a bit before hitting the bars. I went for the shower while Katie began slicing the chicken for the grill. After my shower I wrapped a towel around me and went to help Katie with dinner. I found her out on the deck next to the grill still naked talking to Jay and his friends. Introductions were made and I dropped my towel to the cheers of the group. I could see that their cocks were hard but none of them were making any moves. 

Jay said he was going to show them around then head out to the bars and hoped see us later as they filed off the deck and disappeared. Jay returned and explained that he had said nothing about last night to his friends, stating that he didn’t want them expecting anything from us. We thanked him and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. Katie and I ate and began the task of getting dolled up for the bars. I put on my orange PEZ baby T-shirt and cut-offs with a pair of my new platform sandals. Katie wore her blue hankie top with super skimpy black shorts we covered ourselves with glitter lotion and put on shiny lip gloss. 

We set off in the boat and docked at a place called River Bends it was farthest down river than most but it was a good place to start. It wasn’t as crowded as we expected so we sat at the bar talking with the bartenders. He said it was usually slow on Sunday but it may pick up later. I went to the jukebox to play a few songs and met up with the DJ who would be spinning later. 

He was a gorgeous sun bleached blonde with a stocky body. We talked for a bit and he excused himself to set up his booth. I checked in with Katie who had a small group of guys around her, she was fine. I caught Rick the DJ’s eye and he waved me over. He opened the little door and I stepped into the blinking booth. He asked if there was anything I’d like to hear and pointed to several racks of CDs to my right. He bent down with me showing what was where in his way of cataloging his collection. 

His cologne was intoxicating and his arm was around my waist, I thought I was going to cum right there. As I was scanning the racks Rick started his show. I turned to look up at him and came face to face with his crotch and without thinking I ran my hand up his thigh. He looked down at me with this great smile and I pulled his shorts down freeing his thick cock. I ran my nails along his balls and guided the head to my glistening lips.

I sucked the length of him down my throat holding him there. Then I went to work bobbing up and down his shaft following with my hand. My other hand was between my legs fingering my soaking pussy. Within two songs he was filling my mouth with his sweet tasting load. I swallowed hard trying to keep it all in my mouth and off my shirt. One of the other bartenders walked into the booth just as I was pulling Rick’s shorts up. He looked at Rick then down at me with a silly grin, I smiled back, blushing. I stood up handing Rick a few CDs, whispered thank you in his ear and stepped out of the booth. I made my way through the now crowded dance floor to the bathroom to fix my make up.

As I stood applying more lip gloss I head giggling in one of the stalls behind me. I turned to see Katie's unmistakable black strappy platform sandals under the door. I called to her and pulled the door open. I found her bouncing on the lap of the cute bartender she had been talking to earlier. Her fingers rubbing furiously on her clit, his hands squeezing her tits as she bounced on his cock. 

They both tensed up grabbing the bar along the stall wall cumming violently. Katie stood up and brushed past me grinning leaving the bartender spent on the toilet, his now flaccid cock gooey with the mixture of their cum. I bent down taking his limp member in my mouth, sucking the slimy cum from it, I stood up, ruffled his hair, winked and walked out. 

We danced for hours feeling the random hands brush my body was making me wetter by the minute. I told Katie about the DJ and she trotted to the booth with me following. I introduced her to Rick and we stepped inside the booth. As I whispered more dirty thank you's in his ear Katie slipped to her knees and began blowing him. I stepped out of the booth and began to dance seductively in front of him keeping my eyes locked on his. Three songs later his face twisted in a half grin and I knew Katie was getting a mouthful of his sweet sperm. She joined me on the dance floor a moment later and pulled me outside to get some air.