 Kevin the cute bartender who had fucked Katie in the bathroom came out and invited us to his place for a few after hours drinks. We accepted and went inside for a few more rounds till the bar closed. We followed Kevin and Rick to his house by boat and went inside. Kevin had a nice house that he shared with his room mate David who was there with his girlfriend Lisa. Lisa was a petite girl with a beautiful face framed with long black hair and big brown eyes. David was a big towering guy with a buzz cut and a beefy cornfed body. 

We sat around the large dining room table passing a joint and talking. Kevin got up to get more beer and returned with a board game. I can’t remember the name of it but it was basically a sexual truth or dare set up like the game of Life. No one flinched when he set the game down and within minutes we were playing. The first few turns were tame, show your tits, do you swallow, number of partners, and kiss another player of the opposite sex. 

The game gradually got nastier and we moved to the living room floor. The game had progressed so that most of us were naked with the exception of David still in his bulging boxers. We had also divulged all of our dirty sexual exploits as well. Katie and I had told every detail of the past few days and the fact that I had yet to have anal sex. Lisa fessed up to a gang bang on New Years Eve involving David, Kevin, and five of his friends, her desire to be with another woman and some pictures of her masturbating somewhere on the web. Kevin told of his fraternity participation in a circle jerk drenching the girl in the center with the cum of fourteen guys. 

He also said he had been chosen first to fuck the lucky lady and in the process tasted the cum from her dripping body. Rick admitted to receiving a glory hole blow job and going to a swing party with his ex-girlfriend. David offered once fucked a fifty-two year old woman while her husband watched. I had no idea that the group was so forthcoming and experienced. 

I picked a card and was required to deep perform sixty seconds of oral sex on a member of the opposite sex. I rolled the die and a two indicated David was to be the recipient of my task. I looked at Lisa for consent and she smiled and pulled David’s boxers down. She held his rigid cock to my lips and I engulfed it taking the swollen head into my throat. I listened as the others counted down the time. I released his cock as they chimed “done” and there was a drop of pre-cum oozing from the tip. I quickly licked it away and sat back down. 

Lisa’s turn required her to kiss the person with the most attractive lips. She chose Katie, crawling over to her she took Katie’s face in her small manicured hands and kissed her passionately. David was grinning from ear to ear and mesmerized at the sight of his girlfriend kissing another woman. Be fore we knew it the two girls were on the floor making out exploring each others bodies lost to the rest of us. I pushed Rick to the floor and straddled him sinking his throbbing cock deep inside me. Kevin stood up and I took him into my mouth. 

David glanced our way and stood next to Kevin and alternated sucking their cocks though he never took his eyes off Katie and Lisa.. I stood up and instructed Kevin to switch with Rick and continued to fuck David with my mouth. Rick was behind me using his spit to lube my ass, I was sure it was going to hurt but I wanted it so bad. I arched my back as he eased the bulbous head inside my ass. I felt my sphincter muscles contract around his shaft and he sank deep into my virgin ass.

I had to hold on to David’s legs to keep from collapsing, I was in ecstasy as Rick and Kevin filled me with synchronized strokes. I sucked David harder and faster begging for his cum to pour into my suckling mouth, he did almost falling to his knees he unloaded spurt after spurt onto my waiting tongue. I couldn’t swallow it all and it streamed from my lips in globs down my chin, neck and boobs. My body started to shudder with a building orgasm and as the two cocks drove into me it hit like a tidal wave. I felt my own juices rush out of me soaking Kevin’s cock and hips. The next instant I felt sperm surging inside my pussy and ass. 

I collapsed onto the carpet with cum running from every opening from the corners of my mouth, from my stinging asshole and down my legs from my pussy. My body quivered with orgasmic aftershocks as I rubbed the leaking semen into my skin. I looked over towards Katie and Lisa, they were in a sixty-nine with Katie on top. Both started shaking as orgasms ripped through their bodies. The guys were seated on the couch masturbating watching the show. The girls came over to me and started kissing me and fondling my boobs then licking me all over cleaning the remnants of cum from body. 

We fell into a triangle with Lisa at my pussy, Katie at hers, and I between Katie's thighs. Within minutes we all cumming again. Lisa sat up and Katie giggled at the globs of cum that had oozed from my pussy and ass to her pretty face. She lightly kissed the cum from Lisa and we went over to the guys for more fun. We pulled them from the couch and positioned ourselves kneeling over the back giving the guys easy access to our wet pussies. 

I looked back and David was behind me pushing his cock inside my swollen folds. Rick had taken Lisa and Kevin, Katie. After a furious dozen strokes Rick shouted “Switch!” and each rotated between the three girls. After five or six rotations I heard Lisa squeal as Kevin slid his cock into her tight ass, just as Rick was slipping his into my own freshly fucked ass. 

Again the guys rotated each fucking our asses for several turns. David moaned that he was ready to cum and Katie spun around, Lisa and I followed suit putting our faces close together to catch his spurting load. His cum splashed our outstretched tongues and as he finished Kevin and Rick followed with their own hot cum splattering our faces. With Katie in the middle we cleaned the gooey jism each others faces, neck and tits. We sat spent on the floor then when our energy returned we showered and talked till dawn. Before Katie and I left we had the guys eat our pussies for one last orgasm promising a blow job next time we met.