 The sweet smells of maple sausage and blueberry muffins filled my head as I opened my sleep weary eyes. Lisa’s body was pressed to mine, I lifted her arm and slid from the blankets. I dug my tooth brush and a clean pair or panties from my bag and tip toed to the bathroom. I returned to the kitchen Katie and Christina were at the small table drinking coffee, Kelli was pulling the muffins from the oven and handed a cup to me with a kiss on the cheek. I sat at the table trying to wake up from the incredible events of last night. We chatted about our lives in between my offers to help Kelli and her insistence that I sit down and let her cook. Lisa shuffled into the room wrapped in a blanket, her hair a tangled mess. 

“Good morning sunshine.” the four of us said in unison.

Lisa smiled sleepily and sat down at the table. Kelli bought the muffins and a coffee for Lisa to the table. She then brought each of us a plate filled with fluffy omelettes and sausages. After last night I was starving. We ate and helped clean the kitchen up and Kelli and Christina drove Katie, Lisa and I home. I stepped from Kelli’s Jeep and thanked her for her hospitality. She kissed Katie and I softly on the lips and said she hoped to see us again. 

Christina took my hand and kissed me passionately and did the same to Katie. We entered the cabin with big grins on our faces. I took a long hot shower and oiled my self up for some sun on the deck. Katie joined me after doing the same handing me a large glass of iced tea. I laid in the sun thinking about the events of this trip, I had more sex this week than I’ve had in the last year. I loved the attention I was getting and the anonymity of it all. We met some cool people and had great fun but this was another me. Not the Lora of a mid west cow town. I rolled over and untied my top and drifted into sleep. A shadow fell over me and I opened my eyes to see Jay standing over me. 

“Hey sweetie.” I said sitting up not bothering with my top and glanced at Katie. She wasn’t there. 

“She’s inside.” Jay said, sitting beside me. “More oil?”

“No I think I’m done for today.” I said sipping my tea.

We talked about our spring break events but I omitted the sex out of my end of the conversation. I could feel his eyes roaming my body and I was doing the same to him. I got up running my hand over his bare chest asking if he wanted something to drink. He said tea was fine and we entered the sliding class doors of the cabin. I handed him a tall glass of tea and excused myself to use the bathroom. I opened the door to find Katie bent over the sink, plowing his cock into her was Jay’s friend Matt. 

“Oops! Sorry.” I stammered and skipped to the bathroom in the basement.

I couldn’t believe it, well yes I could but I didn’t expect it. I returned to the kitchen and took Jay into the living room. We sat on the floor not wanting sun tan oil on the furniture. I inquired about the rest of his group and he told me that they had gone fishing a few miles down river. I kept thinking about Katie fucking in the bathroom. My pussy flooded with moisture and I thought sure that it would be noticeable through my thong bikini bottoms. I could see the outline of his rigid cock through the fabric of his shorts. I pulled Jay to me and yanked his board shorts to his ankles and engulfed his cock.

He fell back on his hands as I sucked hungrily on his thick shaft on my hands and knees. Katie and Matt as I learned later emerged from the bathroom. Katie started laughing.

“ I couldn’t let you have all the fun.” I giggled.

Grabbing a couple of beers the two of them crossed the room. Katie smacked my ass and planted a wet kiss on Jay as she passed to the deck. I swirled my tongue around the head of Jays throbbing cock while stroking the spit drenched shaft. He moaned and bucked, his hot sperm shot onto my outstretched tongue and down my chin. I closed my lips around the head sucking the rest of his load down my throat. I continued sucking his over sensitive cock until he pushed me away, I scooped the sticky remnants from my chin with and sucked it from my fingers smiling at him. 

“God, you’re good.” He breathed.

“ So I’ve been told.” I replied, still cleaning the cum from my fingers.

“Let’s have a beer.” Jay said getting up and pulling his shorts to his waist.

We joined Katie and Matt on the deck and Katie handed me my bikini top. I slipped it on and sat down just as the rest of Jay’s friends came up the steps with a cooler full of fish and another full of beer. Cory, a tall black guy asked if we wanted to join them for a fish fry later. We accepted and I went inside and turned the stereo on and brought out four bottles of tequila. We proceeded to drink and dance when a dancable song played. I did a body shot off Jay’s chest and I pulled my top down allowing him to do a shot off my exposed breast. Katie followed suit with Mike and Cory licking the salt from her own topless chest. Before long we were all naked and I was being licked all over. I wanted them all. I wanted to taste feel and fuck every one of those beautiful cocks bouncing around me. I took a bottle and kneeled in front of Cory and poured tequila down his huge black cock into my open mouth. Katie was kissing Matt and stroking Brian’s thin cock with her hand. I felt cool liquid stream over my right breast and looked down to see Dave sucking beer from my nipple. Sean stepped up and and I opened my mouth to accept his thick but average length cock. I released him and stood up and grabbed Katie pulling her inside the cabin. We were about to be the bang for the gang but I didn’t want to do it out here.

“Come on, we can’t do this outside for all the world to see.” I shouted over the music.

The eight guys followed us inside to the living room. Katie and I laid on the floor and were instantly surrounded by throbbing cocks. I took two in my hands and sucked Matt into my mouth. John was over me pushing his way into my pussy. I spread my legs and hands held them up as John sank into my dripping pussy. I heard Katie moan and I knew she was having the same. I continued to suck on Matt my tits were being groped as John pumped into me. I heard someone say switch and the cocks rotated. I didn’t know who was fucking me or who I was sucking all I knew is that it felt incredible. The rotation continued and I was quite sure that I had tasted and had been penetrated by every cock in the room. The cock in my mouth pulsed and my throat was filled with a salty load of semen. I swallowed hard drinking it down. I was lifted and flipped to my stomach straddling Brian, his cock slid into me and I rose off his chest to receive another cock in my hungry mouth. A slick finger was pushing on my puckered ass then the head of a cock replaced it pushing it’s way in. I screamed in pain reaching behind me to slow the speed of Sean’s plummet into my ass. I told him it was OK but to go slow. He eased in allowing my tight ass to adjust to his thickness. Panting heavily I resumed sucking and another load of cum spurted into my mouth. John pulled his cock from my lips shot a gooey stream over my lips and nose. 

I wiped some from my nose and used it as lube for the next cock that was shoved in my face. Brian bit into my nipple as he pumped his load coating my inner walls. Sean fucked my ass at a slow steady pace and I felt Brian's cock grow again inside me, his mouth still suckling on my swinging breasts. Sean’s hands clutched my hips as he dumped his cum deep in my ass. 

Brian eased from me and he was replaced by Cory, his big cock stretched my pussy to it’s limits as he entered my cum filled pussy. I felt him deeper than any other man and I came soaking that big black cock with my juices. As I lay panting on Cory’s chest I felt another cock penetrate my now gaping ass. I pushed back drawing the Jay’s shaft into my ass. Matt stepped up and pushed his cock into my mouth. I could taste Katie’s juices on him as well as his own or another guy’s cum. Jay and Cory drove into me, I could feel their cocks touching through the thin wall between my ass and pussy. My body tingled with the building of another orgasm. Matt had his hands on either side of my head thrusting his cock down my throat and I nearly gagged on his cock. I gyrated my hips in quick circles getting as much penetration from the cocks in my ass and pussy as possible. My body tensed and a torrent of electric ran through me as I came again. Cory held my twitching body up and I fell off of him Jay’s cock popped from my ass as I collapsed to the floor. 

Katie was sitting with her back to Sean, his cock pounding into her ass. John was kneeling in front of her shoving his cock into her pussy while she sucked on the rigid cocks of Mike and Brian. Her face, hair and chest was slimy with cum. Mike’s hips jerked and his sperm spit across Katie's cheek, she popped his spurting cock into her mouth draining the rest. Brian soon followed splashing his seed from her forehead to chin. Katie started screaming as she shook violently with orgasmic spasms. John stood and came across her chest she pulled at him taking a glob on her outstretched tongue.

Sean gripped her cum soaked hips and I knew he had emptied his load deep in her ass. He lifted her off of him, her asshole gaping, Sean’s cum poured from it. Jay’s was pulling me towards him easing his cock into my ass again, I welcomed him with a grunt as his cock head popped into my tightness. Katie in a delirious stupor crawled to me kissing me, cum dripping from her face to mine. I sucked on her cum covered lips and tongue. Cory lifted her legs and entered her pushing our slimy faces together. The rest of the guys were stroking their cocks around our faces as Katie and I made out. My fingers plunged into my wet pussy, my thumb swirling around my swollen clit. Jay pulled at my slippery cum soaked nipples and I felt his cock swell squirting hot sperm into my ass. 

Cum was now splashing on us, I closed my eyes as sperm rained onto our faces. I felt some of them smear the slimy mess around with flaccid cocks and I opened my mouth to accept them. The cum from at least five guy was pouring into our mouths, it coated my tongue and I swallowed hungrily. So many different tastes, I couldn’t control my self, I just craved the gooey substance like it were candy. I heard Cory grunt and knew he was dumping his load into Katie. 

Katie and I were kissing and licking the fresh cum from each other to the delight of the guys. I crawled over her body licking as I cleaned my way to her abused pussy. Cum was draining out of both holes and I lowered my head eating as much as I could. I felt cum draining from my gaping holes and Katie's tongue lapping it up teasing my sensitive clit. Another orgasm hit me as she sucked the cum from my pussy lips. I rolled away from her exhausted the guys were still staring at us transfixed by the two of us. I sat up and Jay and Brian helped Katie and I to our feet. 

We stumbled into the bathroom to shower. I glanced at my reflection and a bit startled at what I saw. My entire body hair included was covered with cum. It was caked in my hair and eyelashes. Some of it dried and crusty some still shiny and dripping from my skin.

Strangely I didn’t feel dirty at all, I felt wonderful although very sore. I scooped a glob from my navel and licked it from my finger nail. I looked at Katie and she was doing the same. We had to laugh at ourselves, gang bang girls. Ha! Never in a million years did I imagine this or anything else this week happening to me. I never imagined loving it and wanting more. I hugged Katie tightly and stepped into the shower.