 AUTHOR'S NOTE: This chapter contains straight and bisexual encounters. It also has threesomes along with brother and sister incestuous couplings. I put it in the Group Sex category because of the threesomes.

UNEXPECTED COMPANY

It had been months since I had hooked up with Gordy in Colorado. I was back in the Chicago area and I had been dating several young women. When Gordy called and told me he was coming to Chicago for job interviews, I had mixed feelings at first. I recalled our week in Colorado and how I loved fucking his marvelous ass. However, I had dismissed that as a one-time bisexual experience. He reminded me that I had offered to let him stay at my place if he came to Chicago. So, I agreed to let him stay with me while he interviewed.

Gordy told me that he was arriving on a Friday evening but his interviews started on Tuesday. He added that he hoped we could have some fun the weekend before the interviews. The days leading up to his arrival, I thought about his fantastic ass and how I did love fucking it. None of the women I was currently seeing were into anal and I thought that I would enjoy fucking Gordy again. It would only be for a few days.

The day arrived and I was at my condo awaiting Gordy's arrival. In a way it would be good to see him again and by then I was looking forward to fucking his scrumptious ass. The doorbell rang and I opened the door to greet Gordy and I was stunned to see his sister Sandy there with him. She laughed and said.

"Well, are you going to stand there with your mouth open or invite us in?"

"Come in, Sandy I had no idea you were coming too."

"I told Gordy not to tell you as you might not accept both of us."

"So, you knew that he was coming here?"

"Of course, I did and I know all about Colorado. I know that you fucked my brother's ass every day you were together."

I stared at Gordy and chastised him, "You promised to keep it a secret."

Gordy sheepishly replied, "I couldn't help it. She's my sister, I tell her everything."

"Jesus Christ, you promised to keep it quiet."

Sandy then spoke up, "Christ Matt, get over it. I'm glad you fucked Gordy. I know you like anal but you were never going to put that thing in my ass."

"How long do you plan to stay?"

"I'm leaving on Monday. Gordy has interviews the rest of the week. Hey how about a drink?"

"Yeah, of course, what would you like?"

Sandy requested a white wine and Gordy and beer. I got the drinks for them and another beer of myself. I sat on the sofa and Gordy sat in a chair. Sandy then came over, sat next to me and kissed me. We sipped our drinks, made small talk and kissed a few times. Sandy then fished my cock out of my pants, stroked it and played with it. I was hard in seconds and she took charge obviously anxious to get things going.

"Okay, let's go in the bedroom. I want to watch you fuck my brother." 

As it turned out Sandy was so worked up that she wanted me to fuck her first. The three of us took off all our clothes and Gordy watched as Sandy and I got in bed. I headed for her pussy with my tongue but she stopped me and told me to fuck her that she was ready. I eased my cock into her cunt and began a slow methodical motion. She came quickly and cried out as her orgasm rocked her body. I then remembered Gordy and I looked over at him. He had an erection and he was stroking his slender small cock as he watched us.

"That took the edge off, now I want you to watch you fuck my brother."

Sandy sat in a chair as Gordy got in bed on all fours. My cock was hard in anticipation of fucking his hot curvy ass. He had already lubed his ass for me and he was ready to take my cock. He must have brought his own lubricant with him. I moved in behind him and I noticed that Sandy moved closer so that she could see my cock slide into her twin brother's ass. As I had in Colorado, I eased my cock into the shapely ass and he groaned softly as it filled him. 

I moved slowly in and out of his ass and I watched my cock chamber and re-chamber. I loved watching my cock slide in and out of a shapely ass; it was something I never tired off. I could not see Gordy's cock or balls but apparently, he had a hard-on. It was amazing how much the two of them looked alike. Sandy then surprised me when she took Gordy's cock in her hand.

"You really like getting fucked don't you?" she whispered as she began stroking her brother's cock.

"Sis, if you keep that up, I'm going to cum."

"Good, I want to see you cum. I like watching you shoot"

"Oh God, oh God I'm going to cum!"

She kept right on stroking her brother's cock as he shot wads of semen onto the bed. He ejaculated with such force that his sphincter tightened around my shaft and then I lost it. I fired streams of semen into his rectum and he cried out in pleasure. She kept stroking Gordy's cock which apparently had remained hard.

"Brother, you are a horny little fucker aren't you?" Sandy said as she continued to jerk him off and then she said to me, "Keep your cock in him, stay hard and keep fucking him."

I was able to stay hard in the marvelous ass but I knew that it would take longer before I could cum again. I massaged the super fine ass and caressed his buttocks as I continued to fuck him slowly. Gordy was groaning and moaning and the he squealed loudly when Sandy lowered her head and took his cock in her mouth. I knew what a good cocksucker Sandy was and knew she would get him off.

"So, you two have done this before as brother and sister."

Gordy spoke in a raspy voice. "Yes, I love it when she sucks my cock.'

The three of us stayed at it until I ejaculated into his ass for a second time and he shot his load into his twin sister's mouth. She stayed fastened to her brother's cock and sucked it dry. Gordy finally had to push her head away and then he collapsed on the bed. My cock slipped from his ass as he fell forward onto his stomach. I looked at Sandy a she licked her lips clean of her brother's cum. It was one of the hottest sex sessions that I ever had experienced.

"Oh my God Sis, you are one great cock sucker, the best." 

"I can agree with Gordy, you do suck cock very well."

"Okay then, who is better me or my brother?"

"I have to say it's a tie. You are both great, the best I ever had."

"Okay, I can accept that. I'm hot again. I need you to eat my pussy this time."

Sandy opened her legs to me. I got between them and lowered my mouth to her quim. I began lapping away and fingering her pussy and then I felt a mouth on my cock. Gordy had turned around and began sucking on my cock. Then I was really blown away when Sandy reached for Gordy's cock and took it back in her mouth. The three of us ate each other until we all came again. Sandy drenched my face with her juice as Gordy swallowed my seed. Sandy also swallowed Gordy's cum and then the three of us collapsed on the bed. We were done for the night and when I checked the time it was nearly midnight. The three of us had been at it for nearly four hours.

SATURDAY WITH THE TWINS

I woke up Sunday morning with my normal piss hard-on. I looked over at Sandy lying on her back with an angelic smile on her face. Gordy was still sleeping. I eased my body over Sandy and slipped my morning erection into her sweet pussy. She gasped and then opened her eyes and smiled at me. She wrapped her arms and legs around my body and we began to fuck. 

She was no stranger to the ride that she was in for that morning. I fucked her with long steady strokes keeping my cock in contact with her clit. Sandy went wild as her orgasms seemed to be continuous and her body squirmed under me as one after the other rocked her petite body. I stopped fucking her when she collapsed on the bed. Her arms and legs left my body and flopped alongside her. I eased my cock from her and it was still hard and looked ominous as it glistened with her juices. 

Gordy was stroking his own cock as he watched me. I moved off the bed and he dropped to his knees and sucked my cock. I told him that I had to pee and that I would be back. I went into the bathroom and relieved myself and then returned to the bedroom. When I returned, Gordy was in bed on all fours and Sandy was lubricating his ass.

"Gordy is lube and ready for you to fuck him again."

I climbed up on the bed and Sandy took my cock in her hand and applied the lube to it. She guided my cock to her brother's ass. I eased my cock in and he groaned as his passage was stretched again. I fucked him slowly at first and then I picked up the pace. Sandy had moved under her brother and she was sucking his cock as I fucked him. I felt my balls tighten and I knew that I was only seconds away from cumming. Then I felt the surge of cum rifle through my cock and flood the receptive ass. He groaned and announced that he could feel it.

"Oh yes, I feel it, shoot it into me. Oh, Sandy I'm cumming too."

I felt his body stiffen as he shot his wad into his sister's mouth. His sphincter tightened around my cock and squeezed any remaining cum from my shaft. Gordy fell forward on the bed and my dick slipped from his ass. I looked at him and I saw traces of cum seep from his anus. Sandy smiled at me and looked at my still hard cock. Then she got on all fours in an invitation to fuck her doggy style. I fingered her pussy and then slipped my cock into her. I fucked Sandy for a long time working up to my second ejaculation. Gordy had recovered and he moved in front of his sister and waved his erect cock in her face. She took his small cock in her mouth and began to suck him as I fucked her from behind. 

I held to her shapely ass and drilled her as my cock fired a stream of cum into her pussy. She cried out that she was cumming too as she lifted her mouth off her brother's cock. Her body shook with a violent orgasm expunging my cock from her pussy. She collapsed next to her brother and she was still quivering and gasping from the intensity of her orgasm. Gordy was still hard and he reached down to jerk off. I watched as his balls tightened and he shot a stream of cum on his chest and abs. We were all done for the morning and I didn't know how we would even have anything left for later. 

It was incredible how they looked so much alike when I was fucking them doggy style. They both had long light brown hair, slender bodies and shapely asses. Gordy had the nicer ass but Sandy's was not far behind. I liked fondling her buns as I fucked her pussy. Of course, I really liked fucking Gordy's fantastic ass. 

The three of us took showers separately and then we got dressed and went out for breakfast. I took them to a café near the lake. After parking my car and walking behind them, I noticed that they looked like sisters from behind. They were both wearing tight slacks that showed off their curvy bottoms and they both looked hot. We ate a light breakfast and drank few lattes before returning to my condo. Once there, we changed in to very comfortable clothes. Gordy put on a tee shirt and a pair of very snug cotton sweats which hugged his ass. The pants were very tight and nestled in the crack of his ass emphasizing his buttocks.

Sandy said she needed to take a nap, leaving Gordy and me alone. We listened to music, read the newspaper and relaxing. When he got up to go in the kitchen. I watched him walk from the living room to the kitchen in his very thin tight sweats. I felt my loins stir and my cock twitch. Suddenly, I had the impulse to fuck him again while Sandy was taking her nap.

As he was standing in front of the kitchen sink, I approached him from behind. I placed my hands on his curvy ass and fondled his ass through the thin material. Gordy moaned softly and then I slipped my hands inside his sweats and cupped his naked cheeks. I molded the soft smooth flesh of his buttocks in my hands. He moaned some more and then I pulled his sweats down just below the cheeks of his ass. I couldn't believe how sexy he looked with just his ass showing.

"Are you going to fuck me?"

"What do you think?"

"My ass is ready. I douched it before and lubed it again."

I still put some saliva on my cock and stroked it before aiming it at Gordy's ass. Then I moved closer and pushed my shaft into his bottom. He groaned when he felt the penetration and he pushed back a little to receive my cock fully. I caressed his lovely ass as I fucked him slowly. It was such a sexy and beautiful sight to see my cock slide in and out of his perfectly shaped ass. It was even more erotic given that his ass was sticking out just above his sweats.

I fucked Gordy as slow as I could as I wanted this image and feeling to last as long as possible. In and out my cock moved methodically and slowly. I watched it disappear into his lovely ass and then reappear only to disappear time and time again. All good things do come to an end however and I felt my release build in my scrotum. My balls tightened and I felt a trickle of semen travel through my shaft and ooze into the rectum. It wasn't much of an ejaculation but the sensation was exhilarating. 

"Very nice show guys and now that you got me hot watching you, I need some action."

Gordy and I turned to look at his sister and she was standing in the kitchen totally naked. I walked toward her and she sat on a kitchen chair. Since my cock would not be hard for a while if ever for the rest of that day, I dropped to my knees and placed both of her legs on my shoulders. I went to work on her pussy. She was already sopping wet so I put two fingers in her cunt and sought out her g-spot. It didn't take long before she cried out as her orgasm rocked her. I lapped up the love juices from her climax and she ran her fingers through my hair.

We were done for the day and we all chilled out with drinks. I called out for pizza and we watched TV until it was time for bed. Given the draining sexual escapades of the day we were sexually sated and dead tired. The three of us slept like babies and hardly moved in bed. 

SUNDAY AND ANOTHER DISCOVERY

I woke up Sunday with Sandy between my legs and my cock in her mouth. She sucked my cock and caressed my balls. She was a very accomplished cock sucker and she was able to take me deep in her mouth. I swear I could feel my cock at the back of her throat and she seemed to have the ability to massage my cock head with her throat muscles. She had me racing toward an ejaculation and I held her head with my fingers in her silky hair. 

I looked at Gordy with his less than average size slender cock. He knelt behind Sandy, lubed her anus and slipped his cock into her. Sandy never stopped working on my cock while her brother fucked her. I was surprised that she let her brother fuck her ass as I thought anal was taboo for her. She reached under my scrotum and lightly touched my perineum which sent me over the edge and I blasted loads of cum in her mouth. She rapidly swallowed all of my spunk and then she continued to suck and milk my cock to totally drain me.

I lay back on the bed as I recovered slowly from a fantastic blow job and watched Gordy fuck Sandy until his body stiffened and he announced that he was cumming. She leaned back against her brother as he came in her ass. Her small tits and hard nipples stood out from her slender body. 

"I thought that you weren't into anal."

"I let Gordy fuck my ass sometimes. His cock is like a finger in there. I do like the feel of him cumming in my ass."

"You two are full of surprises, anything else I should know."

"Yes, I need you to fuck me now."

My cock was now rock hard and I moved it toward her. She lifted her legs and presented her pussy to me. I pushed my cock against her labia and it slid into her warm passage. She gasped as my cock nestled into her vaginal passage.

I fucked Sandy slowly at first and then I picked up the pace. She used her vaginal muscles to tighten her pussy and she massaged my cock by clenching and unclenching it. I felt my second release travel from my balls up through my dick as I shot wads of cum deep into her pussy. I leaned over her body and grabbed her small firm tits and let the rock-hard nipples slip between my fingers. Sandy continued to use her vagina to milk my cock dry of every drop of cum. She had an intense orgasm and I could feel her juices surround my cock. The three of us remained silent for a few minutes and then Sandy shocked us.

"Let's rest a while and then I want to try two cocks in me. Matt in my pussy and Gordy in my ass."

I suggested a bath for all of us since I had a large square tub in my bathroom. They agreed and I ran the water and added bath oil beads. While the tub was filling with the hot water, I made coffee and brought it into the bathroom. The three of slipped our naked bodies into the warm oily water and it felt fantastic. We relaxed with our coffee as we were in no rush to get out of the tub. It wasn't even noon yet and we had all day for more sex. Thirty minutes later we got out and dried off. Our bodies were slick from the bath oil and it added to the eroticism of the moment. 

We went back to my bed. Sandy worked on my cock until it was erect again and then she mounted me lowering her pussy onto my shaft. Sandy cooed as Gordy worked his fingers in and out of her anus lubricating it for his cock. Then he lined up his cock and slipped it right in her hot ass. Sandy sighed as the hard cock entered her ass and her brother fucked her slowly. I could feel his smaller erect cock through her membrane and it seemed to turn him on as he could feel me too.

Sandy went wild with the double penetration. Her body trembled and quaked with the intensity of her climax. She collapsed on my chest and I stopped moving in her. Gordy, however, kept fucking his sister's ass. I remained still with my erection in her womb. I could feel his hardness rub against mine through the thin membrane. It was like nothing I had ever felt in my life. Gordy then stiffened and came in his sister's ass. I didn't cum that time but I was not concerned as I knew I would later that day.

This time we separated and one by one showered and dressed. We all put on tees and shorts and then I made breakfast for us. It didn't take long to whip up pancakes for breakfast and later we chilled out with more coffee and the Sunday newspaper. Around 2:00 PM, Sandy decided to take a nap. She wasn't asleep for a few minutes when Gordy spoke softly.

"Bring that delicious cock over to me Matt."

Gordy began sucking my cock and he was every bit as good as his sister, maybe even better. He got me hard and then asked me to fuck him. He got on all fours and lubed his ass before handing me the tube. I lubed my cock again as I looked at him on all fours. Other than his ball sac hanging down he looked just like Sandy waiting to get fucked. I eased my cock into his ass and fucked him with long deep steady strokes. I fucked Gordy until I came in his sweet ass. That did it for me until we went to bed that night. 

Sandy was leaving the next day so it was our last night together. It seemed like we had had non-stop sex for the past three days. We went out for dinner that evening, my treat. When we returned, we had a nightcap and then turned in. We all stayed naked in the bed and pulled the covers over us. I had no trouble falling asleep with Sandy in the middle between her brother and me. Sometime in the very early morning hours I was awakened by movement in the bed. I realized that Gordy was fucking his sister. 

Somehow, he had gotten in the middle and he had his back to me as he fucked Sandy from behind. I knew he was in her ass and I decided to get in on the action. My cock got hard quickly so I moved it to his ass. I touched his anus with the head of my cock. He reached back and guided my cock into his ass and then he resumed fucking Sandy. I didn't have to move very much as his fucking motion caused his ass to slide back and forth on my cock. 
