 Note: This is continuing chapter that began in Erotic Couplings as "A Discovery In Toni."

*************************

Feeling guilty the next day about the way he had treated Toni so roughly in bed, Colton wanted her to get warmed up before Paul came over for their threesome with him. He had gotten cleaned up and put on a pair of shorts, no underwear. He wanted to be ready to strip immediately when their 'victim' arrived. Toni was already naked, purring at Colton to tell her what he liked. He was already horny thinking about what was ahead for him and the hot woman in front of him now.

"Anything you want, baby, anything you want. My cock is all yours for right now."

He crawled forward as Toni fondled his balls. He joked about how Paul was going to be surprised when he came over and what Colton had in store for Toni's older lover as Colton sucked her breasts.

Sure enough, the doorbell rang just as Toni finished sucking Colton's cock, draining it of its last drop of cum. Pulling up his shorts, Colton went to the door and Paul stepped in once Colton had answered it.

Colton put on a face like he was pissed, saying he had found out that Paul had been banging his girlfriend; Toni had both told him everything and Colton had seen the remnants of Paul's cum in Toni's cunt when they were about to fuck. Colton wouldn't say anything to Paul's wife or family about it...if Paul would offer something in return.

"How much is this going to cost me?" he asked Colton.

"I don't want money, man. But Toni's got an itch that needs scratching and she needs both of us scratch it for her good." He laughed.

An itch that needed scratching. Paul had to restrain himself from laughing back; he'd been with Toni long enough to know what she had was an all consuming need to be fucked and she needed it at every turn. Her pussy ached to be filled; if she had her way, she'd have a cock inside every opening 24/7. 

As it turned out, Colton hadn't been pissed about Paul's affair with Toni after all. What he didn't know was Colton had hidden the fact that he had been bisexual for some time and wouldn't mind having a piece of Paul's tight ass and taste or two of Paul's cock himself in addition to watching Toni being fucked by him.

Paul felt an erection grow as Colton outlined the plan for what they wanted that afternoon, not missing the bulge of hard cock that was straining against the spandex of Paul's shorts. Toni was already in the bedroom, naked and ready, Colton said, leading the way.

She turned and got on all fours at the sight of the two of them coming into the room and said, "Who's first?" 

Paul, in a stage of uncontrollable lust, tossed off his T-shirt, then peeled off his shorts in one stroke, freeing his aching member.

Colton, approving of Paul's own well-endowed, hard dick, dropped his shorts and stroked his own cock. "Since I was brought up to respect my elders, I think it's right Paul should, baby. But I want to see you suck his cock before you fuck him. Show us what a hot little slut you are."

She patted the bed and Paul sat as Toni kneeled on the floor to suck him. As she took him in her mouth, she expertly downed his very erect cock to Paul's nutsack as Colton watched from the chair in the corner. 

"Oh shit!" Colton approved. "What a good little whore! That's it, baby, deep throat Paul's nice big cock!"

She continued sucking Paul expertly, no longer uncomfortable about her boyfriend watching her do so, giving Paul her best deep throating and using her hand to stroke what she did not have in her throat. 

When she swirled her tongue around the tip and started to take him deep into her throat again, Paul groaned. He grabbed her head and moved it up and down his cock, forcing himself deeper down her throat as he fucked her face. He could feel her sweet, sweet tongue, her lips, her throat and he knew he wasn't going to last very long. He could feel himself start to twitch and soon he was spurting shot after shot of cum into Toni's hot, wet mouth. 

"Mmm, yeah. Drink all his cum down, you little cock whore!" Colton encouraged as Toni swallowed Paul's load greedily.

"Oh baby. You are sure one good little cocksucker!" Paul said when she finished. He turned to Colton. "She make you cum like that too?"

Colton still stroked his own generous cock, very turned on from what just transpired in front of him. "Oh yeahhhh...she's my good little slut. Never had a woman that loves to fuck and suck as much as this little nympho does!" 

He then looked at Toni again. "Get him hard again, baby. I want you to show him how good my little slut is and fuck him while I watch."

Toni then took Paul in her mouth again, licking and sucking his cock until he was rock hard, then Colton gently ordered her to turn over so Paul could fuck her doggy fashion. She happily obliged, her full, sexy ass in the air, waiting for him.

She couldn't wait to get him inside her. She bent over and Paul positioned himself behind her and rubbed her pussy gently with his fingers. He inserted one finger inside. "Damn, baby, you are wet!"

"Are you surprised my pussy is wet for you? I want it bad, Paul. I need you to fuck me hard and make me cum. Put that big cock in me and make me cum over and over."

"How hard? I don't want to hurt your little tight pussy here. And you need to save some of that nice little cunt for your man over there."

"I'll tell you if it is too hard, just fuck the shit out of me......fuck me like a whore NOW!"

Paul put the head of his cock at her opening, pulling her pussy lips apart a little as he got the head wet with her juices and he then slammed into her hard and deep. 

"Paul! Oh yes! Fuck me!!"

Paul grabbed onto her hips, stared at her rounded ass and started to piston in and out of her. If he died now while fucking this beautiful blonde eighteen year old, he would die happy. She felt so damn tight, so damn good. Toni moaned and squealed as Paul's cock slammed in and out of her.

Paul continued to slam into her, "Oh yeah, you are one hot bitch. Do you like this, you little slut? Is it good, baby? Is this what you want? You love this cock, don't you?"

"You are so big, Paul...oh yes, do it. FUCK ME!"

Colton was stroking his own cock harder. "Tell him what you like, baby. Tell him how to make our little whore happy. Fuck him for your man, baby."

He watched as Paul continued to bury his thickness in her dripping pussy. Toni closed her eyes and pushed hard against him. Paul slapped her ass once to see what she would do. 

"Yessssss, yesssss, FUCK ME! Oh God, Paul, fuck me harder!"

He slapped her again and then again and again in time with his thrusts. Her ass was now as red and she was cumming. He felt the walls of her pussy clamp down on his cock and felt her body shudder again and again as she screamed in orgasm. About the same time, Paul felt his own climax working its way up his throbbing member.

"Oh God, I'm going to cum!" he yelled, not missing a stroke as he fucked her the hardest he had been.

"Take that cum in your twat, baby," Colton hissed, about to reach his orgasm. He went over and shoved his cock in Toni's mouth. "And suck me off while he cums in you. What a nice little slut you are, baby. You really turn me on fucking another guy like that. Just a good little whore."

It was all he needed to see and hear as Paul felt himself cum hard deep inside her; Colton shot his own heavy loads of seed into Toni's throat right after him.

"Oh fuck, oh baby, that was so great!" he said as he pulled out of her mouth. He smiled at Paul. "She's got a nice little pussy, doesn't she?"

"Don't mind me saying so, but she's got to be the best fuck I ever had."

"I hope you aren't done, are you?" Toni asked, trying to get her breath.

Colton had stroked himself and had gotten hard again. "No way baby, my turn next. Paulie's going to watch me fuck you now."

He shoved his cock into her stretched pussy. He went as far as he could go and started to pump in and out of her. She put her head down on the bed and he went a little deeper and she sighed. Yes, this is what she wanted. She was going to cum again, she could feel it. Colton continued to fuck her hard as he too closed his eyes and to just feel her tight, wet, pussy all around him, then opened them to watch Paul stroke his magnificent dick as he watched Colton's own cock slam in and out of Toni.

Colton stopped and pulled out. He turned her over, pushed her knees up and shoved himself inside of her again and started to move in and out of her. He reached for her breasts and gently touched her nipples. They responded by growing harder. He squeezed her breasts with both hands. She cried out and arched her back trying to take him as deep as she could. 

He fucked her harder and faster, squeezing her breasts and she yelled, "I'm cumming. Oh yes, Colton, harder, faster! Fuck me! Oh please, fuck me!"

He continued to fuck her and she continued to press hard against him. "You want fucked, you little slut? Huh? You like getting this big dick of mine after you just had another guy? Huh? You love this, don't you, you whore? Tell me again to fuck you!"

"Fuck me, fuck me deeper!" she responded loudly. "Dammit, Colton, FUCK ME!"

He felt her start to cum again as he continued to pound into her. He could feel himself ready to cum too but he wasn't ready to stop yet. He pulled out of her. 

"Hey, Paul, come here. Let her sit on your cock while I fuck her sweet ass." 

Paul thought he would shoot off right there at the thought of Toni's ass being fucked, whether by him or Colton. He lay down under Toni, his cock only semi-erect. She went to work on Paul's cock with her mouth and her hands as Colton rubbed her pussy juices over the opening of her ass. He pushed a finger inside and then two and he heard her groan. "You love this, don't you, you slut?"

"Oh, yessssssss! Do it.....fuck my ass, Colton!" she hissed.

She moved over Paul's cock and placed the head at the opening to her pussy. She came down hard on him, taking him all at once and then leaned over him, giving Colton access to her ass. Colton placed the head of his cock against her ass and pushed gently pushed it into her pink asshole. He pushed harder as he started to go in. As he got the head of his cock inside, he rubbed more pussy drippings on her ass and on his cock and slowly started to stroke in and out going deeper with each stroke. Colton started to time his own thrusts with Paul's.

"Damn Paul, I can feel you in there....this is so fucking hot! I don't think I'm going to last much longer. And her ass is so tight and fucking hot!"

Toni panted. "Fuck me, both of you fuck me hard until I cum again. Both of you make me cum!"

Colton grinned and buried his cock deeper in her ass, up to his balls. She was so tight and Toni was so into the fucking both of them at once as she moved her hips grinding into Paul. Paul pushed his hips up toward her, thrusting his cock deeper into her. It felt so good and Paul certainly wouldn't get this from his wife at home! 

The matched stroking of both men in each her holes made Toni hotter as she squirmed between them. Colton stared to quicken his pace even more as it got easier and soon he was moving as quickly as Paul. Toni was trying to take them both deeper as she got lost in her own fucking frenzy.

The both felt her pause and then felt the shudder build. Her whole body shook so hard as she screamed out "Fuck, I'm cumming!" 

The orgasm was the biggest she had experienced in quite a while. It went on for several minutes as the two men continued the assault on her body. The orgasm was followed by several small ones. This felt so good.

"Oh, oh God, shit, baby, I'm cumming!" Paul shouted as he came. She could feel his cream shoot deep into her pussy. So hot!

As Paul's seed filled her, she felt Colton stiffen as he shot his hot cum deep into her ass. She could feel it, and the feeling of cum filling both of her openings made her climax once again with them.

They all lay there panting for a minute and Toni sat up, remnants of cum leaking from both holes. "Now that is what I call getting a good fuck!" she praised the men on both sides of her, starting to play with both their cocks again.

"Dammit...." Paul panted. "Believe it or not, this was the first time I was in a threesome. And it was fucking great!"

"Yeah and look," Colton said. "This little slut is ready for more."

Paul watched in awe as his younger lover went to work on her boyfriend's cock with her mouth. He watched as she licked and sucked Colton's balls, then slid her tongue under his shaft, before downing his cock in one gulp and giving him the same deep throat she had done with Paul's own cock earlier.

Toni's round ass was in the air as her head bobbed up and down on Colton's fuck pole and he groaned in appreciation as her mouth worked on him. Hard again from watching Toni orally servicing Colton, Paul found himself sliding it into Toni's stretched asshole, the inside well lubed from Colton's deposit of cum.

As Paul fucked her ass, her moans were muffled as she now had a big cock in her mouth and another one stuffed in her sex-starved ass. She was in heaven as the two hard cocks fucked both ends of her; Colton fucking her face as Paul dicked her in the ass. 

Colton then shot off, spraying stream after stream of cum into Toni's mouth, which never left his cock until she had milked the last drop of cum from it. "That's it you whore, swallow it all down!" he ordered his filled her mouth with his cream before his cock popped out, still erect. Colton had a hidden talent on how to stay hard even after he'd cum.

"Sit on this shit now, you whore," he ordered Toni.

With Paul still deep in her ass, she moved over and shifted herself until she was on Colton's fuck tool, guiding it into her used, cum-filled cunt, before riding him hard in time to the strokes Paul was doing to her backdoor.

"Oh yeah, baby!" Colton called. "Fuck me, you slut!"

As Paul continued to fuck Toni's ass, Colton reached over and rubbed her swollen clit as he rose up to go deeper inside her cunt 

"Fuck me...fuck me with your big hard cocks...fuck me harder... that's it...fuck me in that ass..fuck my cunt...make me cum again!" she gasped as both men thrusted harder into her well-fucked openings.

"Oh you hot bitch, you fucking little slut," Paul grunted. "Can't get enough of this, huh, baby? You like getting it up your ass like a whore, don't you? Tell me and Colton what a whore you are!"

"Colton...Paul...I'm a slut...a whore...fuck me!"

"That's right, you are a slut," Colton said, rubbing her clit harder as she approached climaxing. "You're mine and Paul's own little whore!"

By this time, Toni had begun to cum again from both Colton deep in her pussy as well as the sensation of Paul's magnificent cock in her ass. Paul went over the edge and deposited his own jism deep into her bowels to mix with the cum that Colton had deposited in her ass earlier, as Colton too shot off inside his girlfriend's snatch to mix his cum with Paul's that was in there.

Slowly pulling out of her, Paul collapsed back onto the bed, and then Toni climbing off of Colton once her cunt drained his cock, the three of them lying there for a bit before Toni once again began to stroke both of their cocks, ready for another round. It had been the first time she had been with two men at once, her feeling as euphoric as she had the first time Toni had sex with Paul's gorgeous daughter--and now Toni's equally horny girlfriend--Danielle. As she stroked their dicks back to life, she wondered what Colton would think if she had turned the tables and brought Dani home for a threesome. What man wouldn't like two hot women in bed with him? And Danielle loving big cocks and being bisexual was a bonus....

Toni was about to experience another kind of bisexual encounter when Colton had Paul get on top of her, his guiding Paul's hard-on into Toni's well-fucked cunt. As Paul thrusted in and out of her horny pussy, Colton got out of bed and lubed his own cock with some oil that had been on the dresser, then got in behind Paul, gradually inching his hardness deep into Paul's ass as he watched Paul fuck his girlfriend.

Paul was shocked by the feeling of the younger man's cock buried in his chute; he had only had one other gay encounter in his lifetime and that had been when he was around the age of the man that was now fucking him in the ass. 

Colton was well-lubed, so it hadn't hurt to have Colton fuck Paul's ass now as it did with the tag partner back then. As Colton sped up his thrusts, Paul found himself strangely enjoying it, speeding up his own thrusts as he continued his own assault on Toni's cunt.

Paul found himself in ecstasy as he was between this couple; his cock deep in Toni's hot, willing pussy as Colton's long, large cock worked inside his ass. The three of them moaned in practical unison as Colton grabbed Paul's hips and fucked him harder and paul buried himself deeper inside Toni underneath him.

Toni was now very turned on from both Paul deep inside her and watching him being fucked from behind by Colton. She had never seen two men engaged in gay sex before--except in a few porn films--and the sight of these two sexy men in her life fucking sent her orgasms into overdrive

"Oh, God! I'm going to CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!" she screeched.

"Cum real good, my slut," Colton panted. "Because I'm getting ready to cum in your hot fuck toy here!"

Toni was bucking and thrashing against the swollen cock deep inside her as Colton's own cock started spraying stream after stream of boiling cum deep inside Paul's ass. The sensation of Colton's seed in his ass and Toni's intense orgasm sent Paul over the edge yet again, as Toni's pussy was about to get another load of his hot cum. 

Colton had pulled out of Paul just as he was ready to cum inside Toni. Paul bucked his hips harder, pushing his cock all the way inside Toni, and let an animalistic grunt from his lips as he exploded inside her.

"All this hot cum just for a hot slut like you, baby!" Paul called as he drained his cock.

"Fuck...give me more of that cum!" Toni cried as she came with him.

Once again, they collapsed when it was over; Paul's asshole slightly sore and leaking a little cum from the fucking Colton had given him and Toni's own cunt and asshole red from pleasuring both men sexually.

The three of them took a shower together afterwards; Colton sucking Paul's cock to ejaculation while Toni washed both of them, then both men soaping her up and fucking her in both holes again. They then dried off and Paul put his clothes back on, saying he would have to get home before his wife got home and wondered where he was.

If she only knew, Toni and Colton had laughed. And if she ever did know, it wasn't because Toni nor Colton would tell her. They wanted more and as much of this handsome, sexy forty something specimen as they could get!