 I wasn't even really in the mood to go out, but after about two solid hours of begging from Jenny, I'd finally decided to go. There were only two or three people I knew going to this party, but Jen was convinced it was going to be the greatest night ever, so eventually, I'd dragged myself out. 

With the kind of mood I was in, I wasn't feeling too sociable, but I settled into a seat in the living room with my bottle of wine and tried my best to make the most of it. Lots of people were coming and going through the room and a few stopped to chat with me, but I'm hardly the life and soul of the party at the best of times, so none of them hung around too long. Jenny had long since disappeared upstairs with some guy - Dave, I think - who'd been the main reason she'd wanted to be there in the first place. I was feeling a bit jealous and unwanted. It had been months since I'd had any kind of action, and knowing she was just a few yards away, probably getting the fuck of her life, only made my frustrations grow. 

To make things even worse, there was one guy who'd been in the room, sitting almost directly opposite me the whole night who I really quite fancied. I'd met him a couple of times before, but didn't feel comfortable enough with him to actually go over and talk to him. His name was Mark, and he was a friend of a friend of Jen's. I even thought I noticed him looking at me a few times, but every time I caught his eye, he shyly turned his eyes away. I really wanted to talk to him, to get to know him a bit better, to find out if he really was checking me out, but I was at least as shy as him, and it seemed so much safer just to carry on drinking and let my imagination do all the work. As usual. 

I ended up getting quite tipsy. Quite a few people had either gone home by now or decamped to one of the 4 bedrooms, and in the living room there was only me and half a dozen guys. Mark was the only one I knew at all, and the others were getting a bit lairy. As always seems to happen, the conversation was turning to sex, and at last, someone tried to involve me in the conversation. It started off straightforward enough; the guys went round the room asking everyone how many people they'd slept with, their favourite positions and that sort of thing. I was starting to get wet as I remembered different things I'd done, from the first time I'd ever given head, to the first time I'd had sex, to that time with my last boyfriend when I gave him a sneaky handjob on the bus home from a club late one night. Things started to get a lot more interesting when one of the guys asked his friends who at the party they most wanted to fuck. All five guys said they wanted Jenny. Bastards! Didn't they know how I felt? I knew from some of the things she'd said to me that she probably wasn't even very good. She hated sucking cock, which I loved, and she was so selfish. I wanted so much to prove to them that they were making a terrible mistake, and that fucking me would be so much better. Then they asked Mark. He looked into his drink as though it were a magic 8 ball that would tell him the answer, then he slowly raised his eyes and looked right at me. He started to speak and stuttered slightly before finally locking his eyes on mine and saying softly "I want to fuck her." 

I gulped. Blushing, I put my head down and tried to collect myself. I hadn't been ready for that at all. I glanced up at him but he was already staring back into his drink, as if he too was embarrassed by what he had just said. The others thought this was hilarious. "Oh come on love, don't you want to tell Mark how much you want to fuck him too?" said one. "Yeah, the poor lad wants to fuck you - don't you want to help him out?" The combination of the wine, the thoughts I was already having and now this surprising, sexy revelation from Mark sent my mind spinning. I stammered, trying to respond, but I had no idea what to say. I was still a little embarrassed, but at the same time my confidence had just got a huge lift, and I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter at the mere thought that this gorgeous man wanted me. 

"Don't be ashamed," said another of the guys. "I mean, if it's not Mark you want, I'm sure any of us would give you what you need." Oh god! Were they coming on to me now as well? "Yeah, come on, don't give us that shy bullshit. We know you girls get just as fucking horny as we do. Tell us who you want and we'll all agree to it." 

I hadn't expected this at all. There were now half a dozen guys in the room all saying they wanted to fuck me. Mark was still quiet, but from the way he was sitting, I could see how hard he was. I glanced up at the other guys, and even as they jeered at me and kept asking me to make a choice, I could see they were all feeling at least as turned on as I was. 

I tried to speak again, but in the end, I still felt too embarrassed by the situation, and I bottled out. "I...I can't make a decision like that," I mumbled, and started to pour myself another glass of wine. The group of guys let out a collective moan, and even though I got a little thrill out of how disappointed they sounded, I knew I couldn't just announce that deep down, I wanted all of them. 

"What do you mean you can't make a decision?" asked the first guy. Then Mark looked up again, but this time, all the shyness, the gentleness was gone. He stared deep into my eyes, a look of pure lust in his eyes, as if he knew exactly what I was thinking. Then he spoke in a clear, commanding voice. "Maybe you don't have to choose between us all," he said. 

With that, he stood up and walked over to my chair. He gently took the glass of wine from my hand and placed it down on the floor. Then he took my hand and pulled me sharply to my feet. My head was spinning as he slid one arm tightly around my waist and pulled me towards him. My tits were pressed up against his muscular chest and he kissed me hard. I don't know if it was the alcohol or just his powerful, demanding lips, but my knees wobbled and I almost collapsed. Mark held me tightly and, as he let his other hand rest on my ass, I heard him whisper in my ear "do you want us all?" I knew I should answer no, but somewhere between my brain and my mouth, all I could say was a whispered "yes!" 

I heard the others in the room let out a cheer, and I instantly felt like a complete slut. I still couldn't quite believe what was happening, but within seconds, while Mark kissed me again, I felt five pairs of hands on my body. There were hands on my ass, my legs, my back, my neck and my hair. I felt hands sliding around under my arms, grasping for my tits, hands sweeping my long hair back from my neck letting Mark pull away from my mouth to nibble my neck, hands running up my thighs and pressing at my cunt through my jeans. My own hands seemed out of my control as the danced from Mark's chest to his ass to another chest and another ass, touching every part of every man within reach until finally they came to rest on Mark's crotch. I could feel his hard cock straining to escape from his restrictive trousers, and my fingers quickly undid his belt before ripping open his button fly and sliding into his boxers. There were still hands all over me and as I began to stroke Mark's thick length, I felt my own jeans coming undone, and my top being pulled off me. Suddenly I was naked. Desperate now to feel these men inside me, I fell to my knees and cried out "I need your cocks!" Mark's was at eye level now, and as I tugged his clothes off, I cradled his swollen balls in my hand, and wrapping one hand around the base, I began to lick his beautiful cock up and down. I felt him grab my hair tightly and I looked up at him. He looked down at me, still with that wanton look in his eyes, smiled and murmured "I'd never have guessed you were such a dirty little bitch. Do you like to suck cock?" 

"Oh god yes!" I replied, and hungrily took him deep into my mouth. The others must have heard me. Seconds later, there were another two hard dicks in front of me, one a little shorter than Mark's but much thicker, and one longer than I'd ever seen. I wanted to take them all. I could still feel hands all over me, but now I could feel mouths and more cocks touching me all over. I could feel my cunt practically dripping with my come and my whole body was shaking. With Mark still in my mouth, I grabbed the other two cocks in front of me tightly and began wanking them hard and fast. I needed to make every one of these guys come so hard that they've never want to fuck anyone else again. 

Suddenly, I felt something completely unexpected. At first I couldn't work out what it was that was making my clitoris throb that way, then I realised that one of the guys had slipped in between my legs and was now lying on the floor, his face buried in my wet pussy. I knew some guys really get off on that, so I spread my legs as wide as I could and knelt down hard, rubbing my come all over his face. I could hear him whimper and moan as his insistent tongue pressed against my clit. I kept moving my hips, writhing against him, almost suffocating him with cunt. He kept changing pace, flicking his tongue quickly over my clit, softly nibbling at my lips and even sliding his stiff tongue inside me. His saliva and my come combined to make my pussy so wet and slippery and I sucked even harder on Mark's thick cock as the room span and my body exploded in orgasm. 

"Oh god," I cried out. "Please fuck me! Please!" Tongue boy wriggled himself up between my legs until his face was right under mine, and he grabbed my ass to pull my down on to him. Even as wet as my cunt was, he was a tight fit, stretching my cunt open and sliding so deep inside me. I moaned loudly around Mark's cock and squeezed tighter on the two in my hands. I could already feel another orgasm start to build inside me and I squeezed round every cock I touched as my whole body shuddered. 

Now I saw another cock right in front of me. My hands were full and I had Mark halfway down my throat, but I wanted more. He was looking down at me, telling me what a filthy fucking whore I was, and as I watched him stroke his cock, I wanted him in my mouth as well. Mark seemed to understand and shuffled sideways, letting this new dick slip into my mouth alongside his. I could hardly breathe, let alone move with so many hard cocks inside me and I whimpered loudly as he described how dirty I looked with one cock buried so deep in my cunt, my hands a blur as I stroked one cock with each, and my mouth practically bursting with two cocks now thrusting into it. I knew there was one more, and he told me that the last one was behind me. I felt him rub the head of his cock slowly down my back, before it slid down between my ass cheeks. I was about to come again, and I did - a sudden, powerful one - as he brushed it against my arsehole. The talker narrated this whole scene, and it felt so dirty - Jesus, it was unbelievably dirty! - and asked me if I wanted to feel that last hard dick in my ass. I'd never taken cock in there before, and I didn't know if I could, but I was so fucking horny, and I wasn't going to stop sucking to say no. 

It was like nothing I'd ever felt before. It was almost painful for a few moments, but I tried hard to relax, and soon I felt myself open up to take him deep inside me. I could feel the two of them, one in my cunt and one in my ass, rubbing against each other, and I came again and again. Wave after wave of pleasure surged through my body. My eyes, my ears, my hands, my mouth, my ass and my cunt so full of hard, hard cock all cried out for more. My orgasm kept coming and coming. Then suddenly, as if on some pre-arranged signal, it all stopped for a second as they all pulled out of me. A second later, I tossed my head back, my body still quivering, as I was showered in hot, sticky come from every direction. It was on my tits, my back, my ass, my hands, my face, in my hair. I felt like such a slut, but I still needed one more thing. As I gasped for breath, I looked up at the guys' grinning faces and asked them. 

"So boys - who do you want to fuck now?"