 Sometimes I wonder if other people have strange but ultimately harmless things that turn them on. I mean, we all have the things that we like to have done to us, things that get us hot. It seems for guys that pretty much all you have to do is look at them and they get rock hard.

For us girls, though, it's not quite the same. I know, I know, it's cliche to talk about the differences between boys and girls like that, but there are differences even among women. I like sex as much as the next girl (believe me, I do!), but what gets me completely and totally dripping wet is not what I think other girls find intense.

I have one girlfriend who loves to give blowjobs. From what I understand, although I get most of my testimony from her, she's really good at it. She gets an oral fixation to suck some guy off and has been known to have it so overpowering that she's grabbed some guy at a party that she's not even been introduced to and drag him off into the bathroom to suck him off.

Dangerous? Yeah. Stupid? Quite possibly. But she tells me that maybe because it's dangerous and stupid that she gets off on it so much. She says she can come just from sucking some strange guy off in the bathroom of a party, by feeling him pulse in her mouth.

I think my own fixation - if you can call it that - is probably her fault. I mean, I like sucking dick as much as the next girl (and in some cases next to her I am the next girl, but that's a story for another time), but I've never been able to come that way. Every once in a while I feel an urge, a craving, to suck, but that's not the first thing I think of.

I guess you could say I have a manual fixation. I mean, I love the feeling of a guy's throbbing cock in my hands. I love feeling the veins pulse and the tissue swell with blood in the palm of my hand. Just thinking about a hard cock in my hands always gets me soaked.

It was all Jesse's fault, of course. Her libido is off the charts. I mean, mine is pretty high to begin with but Jesse makes me look like a wait-until-marriage virgin.

She came up to me at a party with a sly grin on her face. The music was too loud, and the people were too drunk.

"What?" I asked, noticing the look on her face. She had a cat-got-the-canary look, and was mighty pleased with herself.

She giggled, and leaned in close. What should have been a whisper needed to be a scream to be heard over the noise. "I did it again!"

"Did what again?" I asked, confused. Up until that point in time she had only done the stranger-grab once, and it was a few months prior, so I honestly wasn't expecting it.

"See that guy over there?" she said, and then pointed across the length of the house to a tall, blonde looking guy, slightly geeky but still cute.

"Yeah," I shouted back.

"He just came in my mouth," she said. Always the one for shock value, Jesse sure knew how to get to the point.

It worked. I was shocked. "What?" I shouted, my eyes wide in surprise. "He did what?"

She laughed so hard at my reaction she almost spilled her fresh beer. "I had, you know, a craving," she said, one finger curved across her lips in a weak attempt to looking coy. "So I grabbed the nearest guy that I liked. He was it."

"Who is he?" I shouted. She didn't quite hear me. "What's his name?" I clarified.

She shrugged. "Who the fuck knows?" and laughed. "C'mon, let's go get a beer!"

As we went towards the backyard where the keg was, we passed her blonde victim. He didn't seem too victimized, of course, and I think there probably would have been no shortage of volunteers for victimhood for Jesse's talents. She was, after all, cute, short, with a big rack. She wasn't skinny, but she oozed sexual confidence that guys like.

She was holding my arm as we went towards the keg, and I tossed out the rest of my beer, which had become flat anyway. As I reached for the nozzle of the keg, I noticed Jesse making a gesture and I looked at her. She started making sucking motions on her index finger, still pleased with herself. I nearly overfilled the cup.

"I can't believe you," I said, but I could believe her. In fact there was a part of me that was envious that she could be so brazen, and I couldn't. My mind started filling up with the mental image of her grabbing the hand of the blonde boy and pulling the surprised guy off into the bathroom.

The rest of the night was a blur. Jesse continued to make comments and fill in some of the gaps for me, though my imagination ran away with the thought of it as I replayed the scene in my mind over and over again.

By the time I got home I was drenched. I could feel my thong cutting into my web pussy folds with each stride and I just had to get undressed. I was drunk, horny, and my fingers started their familiar dance around my clit and inside my pussy.

My mind placed me in Jesse's story, grabbing the blonde guy by the hand and pulling him into the bathroom. Maybe it was because I was drunk, or maybe it's because my mind just works in strange ways, but I kept switching between different parts of the story.

The part that seemed to excite me the most was not blowing the guy, but the first part, the part leading up to the sex. I kept going back to the very first part where I grab some surprised guy who's never seen me before.

The vision cuts back to what I'm thinking I'm about to do as I lead him to the back. Taking him out, sucking on him, then cuts back to grabbing his hand again. My mind goes completely nonlinear until I'm sucking him, stroking him, fucking him, grabbing his hand for the first time and taking him back. It's not making any sense but I'm loving it. It's different types of sex all at the same time.

The visions settle into a pattern, though, and the anticipation of sex becomes the true turn-on in the fantasy. As I take his hand and lead him back, my fantasy pussy gets wetter with each step. I can almost feel his cock in my hand, unzipping him, pulling him out, watching it emerge from the top of his underwear. I replay this one image over and over in my mind as my fingers slide across my wet pussy lips.

I've got his cock in my hand, my other hand cupping his balls. I'm stroking him off, getting ready to put him in my mouth. Over and over again my mind's eye replays me reaching into his underwear to take out his throbbing cock.

I'm stroking him, stroking him. I get on my knees and am about to put him in my mouth when my orgasm hits me. Hard. I practically scream and instinctively put my hand over my mouth. It's my hand that's covered in my own juices and I suck hard on my knuckles, licking the wetness from them like a woman possessed. It's only after I start my descent from my orgasmic bliss that I am suddenly self-conscious and a little embarrassed, but the feeling passes quickly as an aftershock hits me.

Normally I don't think about sex all that often, and when I went about my days during the week, going to work and doing my own thing, I didn't really have time to dwell upon this latest fantasy. But about Wednesday, Jesse called me and told me about another party on Friday night. Suddenly I was kicked into overdrive, the fantasies coming unbidden. I didn't get any more work done Wednesday afternoon because I was so distracted.

Wednesday and Thursday night as I lay in bed trying to go to sleep I couldn't keep my hands out of my pussy. In some of the fantasies the guy even got to come, but the naughtiness of it, the wanton nature of the act, completely threw me into orgasmic overload. At least, that's what I thought it was.

Friday came, and I wasn't planning anything. I mean, I'm generally the low-key person, and really quite shy. My sex drive is probably a little higher than most women, if you go by some of the guys I've dated, but I'm definitely not an initiator. I like to be pursued.

Jesse came and picked me up at my place. "Wow," she said. "You look hot!"

Her comment came as somewhat of a surprise. I hadn't tried to do anything different. "What do you mean?" I asked, but feeling somewhat pleased by the compliment.

"Well, you're wearing that miniskirt like I've told you to do. You've got great legs, honey. I'm glad you're showing them off."

I beamed. "Well, to be honest I didn't even really think that much about it. I just put it on tonight," I said, truthfully.

"Uh huh," she said, not believing me.

She started talking about the clothes that she had decided not to wear, and my mind started to wander a little. Had I put on the miniskirt with some sort of subconscious desire to be more sexy? Did this mean something?

"... and I'm going to do that again," Jesse was saying.

"I'm sorry," I said, snapping back to the here and now. "Going to do what?"

"Nikki," she said, a scolding tone in her voice. "What do you mean, 'going to do what?' I'm going to do what I did with that guy last time."

She meant sucking his cock, and I knew that. "The same guy?" I asked. "What if he's not there tonight?"

She shook her head. "Oh, no, not the same guy," she said, matter-of-factly. "It's not a good idea to do the same guy more than once. They'll think you like them or something. All I want is his cock."

She looked at me with a wicked smile. I laughed. "You're so bad," I said, grinning, but I was feeling envious too. My fantasies from earlier in the week started running in my head like a TV in the background.

"Well," she said, her eyes turning back to the road. "I've had this wicked oral fixation for days now. It's been driving me crazy!"

I knew what she meant, and almost told her that. I wasn't ready to let her in on my little fantasy quite yet, so I didn't say anything. She's my best friend, though, so I knew at some point it was going to come out.

We arrived at the party and immediately went to grab something to drink. Jesse was driving, so she was using the beer more for show. A woman with a beer, she liked to say, was a sure way to attract a man.

"They think you've already got your defenses down," she'd told me, conspiratorially. The spider and the fly.

Beer in hand, Jesse was already looking for her mark, and I was completely absorbed in my own fantasy. I was really regretting wearing the miniskirt because I knew that my pussy was sopping through my thong and it felt as if liquid was running down the inside of my thighs and that everyone could already tell.

What was worse, though, was that I couldn't get the thought of taking some guy's cock out of his pants out of my own head. It wasn't making my situation any better.

Finally, I excused myself and went to the bathroom. "I'll come with you," Jesse said. This was usually the case, but I really wanted to take care of this on my own.

"No," I said, holding out my hand to her and placing it on her arm. "It's okay. I'll only be a second. Let me know if you see anyone... interesting." I gave her a quick squeeze and a smile and turned before she could say anything.

I tried to get to the bathroom as quickly as I could just so I could wipe, er, dry myself off. I finally got there and closed the door and locked it. The lock was broken, though, so I tried the best I could to make it look as if it were occupied.

The great thing about the miniskirt is that it provides incredibly easy access. I pulled up the hem and started wiping my thighs and pussy with a tissue, trying to dry it off. Unfortunately, as soon as the pressure of my fingers hit my pussy, I was electrified and I simply couldn't stop myself.

The cotton fabric of my thong was completely soaked. I felt like a fountain with no off-valve. My fingers dove deep into my pussy and I felt them move inside me, the feeling so addictive I couldn't stop.

But I had to. That door wasn't locked. Anyone could...

The door swung open, and a guy walked in. He was looking down at the floor and didn't see me until he had closed the door behind him and looked up. He was kind of cute, in a geeky sort of way, about average build. The kind of guy that would likely be your best friend, have a crush on you, do everything for you but that you'd never actually feel anything in return.

He was far more startled than I was. Completely flustered, he started trying to reach for the doorhandle behind him, but he couldn't take his eyes off me and my treacherous masturbating hand.

"I.. I'm so..." he gulped. "Sorry," he said quickly, and finally tried to respectfully take his eyes away from my lewd position.

Today's your lucky day, I thought to myself. I took the two steps between us and closed the gap. I pulled his belt and brought him off balance as he took a jolted step forward.

"What..." he began, but I put a wet finger to his lips, shushing him.

I reached down again and started unbuckling his pants, sliding a hand down over his crotch to get him hard. He didn't disappoint.

Apparently he had some more romantic, gentleman notion in his head. "What's your name?" he began, but I put another finger to his lips and shook my head. I did not want him talking. That would ruin everything.

I started pushing my finger into his mouth and he got a clue. He started sucking on my finger with amazing expertise. It was a moment where he could have ruined the fantasy and everything could have gone south, but we'd now passed that moment and the rules had been set.

By the time I had him unbuckled and his jeans unbuttoned, he was rock hard. The contours of his cock filled my palm so nicely through the jeans that I couldn't wait to hold it.

My fingernails traced the top of the elastic of his underwear and he sucked sharply on my finger. Unfortunately, as much as I liked what he was doing, I needed both hands now.

I pulled the underwear away from his body, and reached in with my other hand, feeling carefully for his cockhead. I didn't want to scrape him with my fingernails. I pulled him out and started stroking him. He was a nice size, average, but my small hands fit around him quite comfortably.

I looked down and saw him in my hands, and reached down to cup his balls - just like my fantasy. To my surprise they were smoothly shaven, and felt really nice against my fingertips. Normally the hair is a turnoff for me, so this was a genuine pleasant surprise.

His cock swelled in my hand, and I ran my thumb over the head which had already started leaking his pre-come. I spread it around the head which gave me just a little more lubrication, but to provide just a little more I reached between my own legs and dipped my fingers inside me.

His cock coated with fluid, both mine and his, made stroking him so much nicer for both of us. I pressed my body up to him, my thighs pressing against his. I aimed his cock at my sopping wet pussy and fucked him with my hands. He never actually was close to my pussy but the motion was unmistakable.

I started undulating my hips with each stroke of my hands, and his breathing took a dramatic turn. He was getting close and, remarkably, so was I. I wasn't really touching myself, just moving my hips like I was fucking him, and pressing up against his body.

I had my hands around his cock and balls, squeezing, pulsing, stroking. I placed the head of his cock under my miniskirt for added effect, and it began pushing him over the edge.

"I... I..." he tried to say, but he was completely unable to get the words out. The sense of power over him was an aphrodisiac to me.

"Shhhhh," I whispered softly, and kissed him. His hips started shaking and I felt his cock grow in my hands. I squeezed tighter and then the most amazing thing happened.

I could feel his come erupt through his cock.

But what really shocked me was my own reaction. He must have shot incredibly far, like some porn star. His cock was under my skirt so I couldn't see what happened, but I could feel it. The first shot of his come hit my lower belly - right under the waistband of my skirt. A second shot almost immediately followed straight on my inner thigh. Both were searing hot. The last shot hit my thong patch over my pussy, right on my clit. I felt the impact and the warmth and felt a shudder run through me. My orgasm wasn't the most powerful I'd ever had, but it was an orgasm, and I suddenly realized I was squeezing his cock very tight as I rode through it.

I released him, and kissed him again. He opened his mouth to speak, but I shook my head. "Thank you," I said. "Do me a favor and stand outside the door and make sure no one comes in while I clean up, ok?"

He just nodded, a very shocked look on his face. For a moment, the way he looked at me, I thought he may have believed he was in love.

As he closed the door behind him, I grabbed some tissues. The first thing I did, though, was dive my hand back to my pussy and rub it furiously.

The teaser orgasm had me primed and ready and my fingers found my folds in their familiar patterns. I came harder this time, more fulfilling as I replayed the moments of his come splashing across my pelvis. I replayed all the important bits in my head as I rode my fingers through a quick but wonderful release.

I cleaned up, washed my hands and opened the door. He was there, guarding it and I could tell he wanted to talk to me. I gave him a half smile and his shyness overcame him, and he said nothing. I quickly made my way past him and out of the house into the garden again.

It didn't take long to find Jesse. She was in "prowl" mode, and her eyes had locked onto her next target.

"Goddamn, Nikki," she said to me, though her eyes never left her prey. "You really oughtta try this."

I giggled. "I just did," I said.

She whirled to face me, her eyes wide with shock. "What?" Then her face relaxed as she thought I was kidding. "Oh, you had me going for a second."

The grin creeping up on my face was giving me away. Once again, she did a 180. "Oh my god!" she squealed. "You did!?"

I nodded, then said, "Well, sort of. I jerked off some guy I never saw before in the bathroom."

Her face was unreadable. "Oh, NIkki," she said, pretending to be disappointed in me. "That's not the same thing! You gotta feel him come in your mouth! It's just not the same."

I looked at her coyly, remembering the thrill I felt as his come raced through the veins of his cock in my hands. "It wasn't that far off," I offered.

She squealed again, and put her arm around me, kissing me on the cheek. "I knew there was a reason we were best friends," she said, turning her attention back to her boy.

"Who is he?" I asked.

She shrugged. "No idea," she said, as she put threw her beer out on the grass. "But I'm going to go find out."

She left me and wandered over to the cute boy who, seeing her empty cup, promptly offered to escort her to the keg. They disappeared, and she later told me that she had blown him behind the bushes not ten feet away from the keg as other partiers refilled their cups.

The rest of the night I was mesmerized by the memory of my own boy, completely replaying the intoxicating feeling of his come splashing on my body. I've never been one for that - I've always shied away from things that were messy. But here I was, lying awake in my bed afterwards with my fingers stuffed deep inside my cunt, coming hard every time I imagined the hot come splashing on my belly, thigh, and clit.

Jesse and I became regular partigoers - even more than we had before. She started to get tired of the oral conquests and started trying to actually just find people to talk to. For my part, though, a monster had been unleashed. There were no shortage of men I could find. I didn't let any of them fuck me, and even though I sucked some of them I always made sure that they came somewhere on me.

At first it was just on my hands. Their come would drip down my hands and cool off very quickly. Some of them would shoot a little farther and it would land on the inside of my arm. I was surprised at how sensitive that part of my body could be.
