 I almost didn't go to back to that small town where my past was waiting for me. I imagine now that if I hadn't faced my fears I would have missed one of the orgasm filled nights of my life. 

The recollection of it makes my stomach leap, my slit instantly soak itself ready for more and my nipples perk up as if being pinched.

We had just graduated from high school when I ran away. I left the one stoplight town for the call of the city, leaving everything including my two best friends behind. 

Alex and Jack were complete opposites of each other. Alex was long and lean, very tall with a thick head of dark brown hair. Jack was a curly haired dark blonde who was athletic and still managed to tower over me by several inches. After 5 years, it was time to return.

I sat back relaxing as the rest of the guests filled out of my homecoming party. It was a hot summer night and I couldn't wait for everyone to leave. 

Friends, family and several people I knew were simply gatecrashing had finally exited and left me peace. The pool twinkled as the light of the moon reflected off of it inviting me to slip my dress down and jump in letting the water encompass me. 

About 15 minutes of silence was interrupted by an all too familiar voice calling my name. I whirled around and saw over 6 feet of grown man standing in front of me. What was once a thin and tall boy was now a tall and solid mass of man. 

"Alex?" I questioned after being stunned at how much he had changed.

"Yeah, it's me," he answered standing about 5 feet away from me.

"Wow, you've changed. You're...big."

"Well, at lot changes in 5 years Claire. You aren't the same either. You're...curvier. Regardless, it's good to see you," he said taking a tentative step forward. 

"Yes, really good," I agreed closing the distance and hugging him. His arms were like softballs, round and hard. As he wrapped his arms around me in an unrestrained hug I felt a tingle run through my skin.

"Where is-"

"Jack? He and I haven't spoken in about 2 years. We don't really get along too well anymore," Alex said interrupting my question.

"Oh. Why not?"

"I'd love to answer that Claire, but I think it speaks for itself," another familiar voice came out of nowhere. 

"Jack?" I said peering into the darkness as he emerged from the other side of the pool. Jack took several steps toward me and stopped. He too had grown up into a man.

"I didn't realize you were going to be here," Jack looked directly at Alex with a venom filled glint in his eyes. 

"Of course you did," Alex answered. "Look I am just here to chat with her for a bit. If you can't handle that then fuck off. "

"Oh, don't think for a minute I am leaving. I'm sure you'd love that."

"What the hell happened to you too?" I interjected. "We all used to be friends."

A silence followed from both of them. I could feel the hostility in the air. I placed myself between them and held my hands up separating them. I didn't want whatever it was that had torn them apart to turn into a fight that would only end in bloodshed. 

"Well, Claire. Things change, people change and respect changes," Alex finally offered. "I will explain when we are alone."

"Who says you two are going to be alone?" Jack took another step forward. 

My eyes searched their faces for some kind of answer. My heart was beginning to beat with worry. I glanced at Jack then at Alex. His menacing sneer had turned into a devious smile.

"Fine," Alex said stepping closer to me and taking my face in his hands he pressed his lips to mine. I was caught completely off guard and barely put up a fight as his lips slid against mine and his tongue slipped around mine. 

I was stunned, but intoxicated by his lips. I then felt another set of hands wrap around my waist and kiss the back of my neck. 

"Bring it on asshole. I'm not afraid of anything you got," Jack answered from behind me.

Alex returned his lips to mine as Jack returned to kissing and gently biting my neck. I couldn't bring myself to fight the sudden turn in the situation. 

I felt myself relax and give in to whatever happened. Alex slipped the thin strap of my dress off my shoulder and reached into my dress and eased my tit out. His hands were warm as they rubbed and caressed it into attention.

Just as I could feel myself tingle and my pussy lips start to swell Jack ran his hand up my thigh and trailed his fingertips on the outside of my lips teasing me open. He pushed himself to the back of me as his warm breath trailed over my bare shoulder and was mixed with licks, nibbles and bites. I could feel how hard he was, pressing himself against my back. 

I inhaled deeply and ran my hands down Alex's body. Pulling his shirt off, he pressed his etched body against me and let his hands wander to my ass. He grabbed two handfuls as he continued kiss me furiously. 

Jack followed suit and removed his shirt to rival Alex. His fingers traveled father farther into my pussy and teased clit in between sliding in and out of me. I felt myself starting to feel the burn and hunger of the start of a climax. I whimpered as Alex moved to running his tongue over my breasts and teasing my nipples. Letting out a small groan I felt myself become so wet I was probably dripping. 

Alex ripped the other strap holding my dress onto my body and let the material covering me fall to the ground. Again, I inhaled about to cum as Jack fingered me into submission. Alex's faced twisted into jealousy and he grabbed me, turned and then leaned back pulling us both into the pool. The cool water on my skin only added to the sensation tickling my clit closer to cumming. 

As we sank to the bottom of the pool, Alex pulled me closer on top of him and kissed me. Another muffled splash followed after a few seconds. We started to surface and Jack refused to be out done. 

As I took a deep breath of air and filled my lungs Jack pressed his lips to mine. Where Alex's lips were ample and moved with ease in tune to mine, Jack's were aggressive and hungry. Suddenly I felt my legs twist and move to Jack's side. I opened my eyes to see Alex's form under water moving me around like a pliable doll. Then the lower half of my body rose to the surface. Alex surfaced and gave me a sharp smile as he trailed his tongue along my thigh. Jack continued kissing me and relaxing as he held my head and back as I floated in a laying position. 

I too relaxed and felt fingers and lips traveling across my body. As Alex's lips finally kissed my swollen pussy my eyes popped open with delight. I felt his tongue slide slowly from my hungry hole across my lips and finally come to my clit where he wiggled it quickly by flicking his tongue back and forth. I clenched my nails into Jack's arms and made him inhale sharply.

Jack took one of my hard nips between his teeth and gently teased and bit as Alexander held my pussy to his mouth diving into me with no amount of shyness. Finally I couldn't stop myself as they both made me explode. I leaned back as my pussy pulsated and shook with each wave of release. Alex didn't remove his mouth from me until my body went lightly limp for a moment. Seconds after cumming I was wanting more. Alex eating my pussy was just an appetizer. I could feel myself grasping at whatever was near. My hole was hungry and pulsing trying to bring a cock inside of it. 

"My turn," Jack said grabbing my thighs rubbing his long dick against my clit. 

"Oh, fuck. Please! Just thrust it inside me!" I begged. 

"No. This is punishment for leaving without a good bye four years ago," Jack said pulling my pussy to his mouth. 

Tracing little circles around my hardened clit he moved slowly down and stuck his finger in my pussy once again rubbing the little spot inside me that made me want to take a huge cock thrusting in and out of me. Alex smiled as he leaned in and then ran his lips across my neck tantalizing me further before sinking his teeth into my neck.

Jack continued the oral teasing and pulled my cheeks apart to lick my ass. I moaned as Alex muffled me by pressing his lips to mine again. It was only seconds later another explosion quickly ripped through my body. It was equally as powerful, but gave no relief to the hunger I had for something inside me. 

Alex leaned to my ear and whispered, "Suffered enough?"

"Yes! I am sorry. Please!" I begged.

"Alright then," he said as he pushed my back against the wall of the pool.

He and Jack continued to ignore each other and Jack watched as Alex grabbed my wrists and pushed them to the sides of my head above me with force. He pushed his mouth to mine and began slowly teasing my tongue with his and then it quickly grew into more passionate, slow indulgence. He relaxed his hands from my wrists and slid one arm behind me as he pulled himself to me. 

I could feel his dick sliding slowly past my pussy lips. I started breathing deeply as he looked me in the eyes. As my pussy hole tried to pull him in he kissed me again and then finally slid himself slowly into me. I let out a sigh of relief as he made that final push into me. As I wrapped my legs around him and pulled him even deeper into me, he released a quiet gasp and closed his eyes.

For a second he just enjoyed being inside of me. I was filled with every inch of him and arched my back with pleasure of it. Slowly he began thrusting in and out of me. We breathed heavily together and as I came to the edge of cumming he reached down to rub my clit as I climaxed around his cock sliding in and out of me. I felt my pussy tightening around him and with each pulse I gave him he inhaled deeply and a quiet, deep rumbling moan let me know he was so close to cumming. 

I leaned forward and took his bottom lip between my teeth and then sucked on it before moving to his neck. I felt my legs tighten as he began to thrust his cock into me faster and faster. 

Panting, I arched my back as I felt another explosion spread from my pussy to the rest of my body and making my nipples hard. 

Alexander followed and I swear I could feel him shoot strings of pearly white cum into me. With each pulse of his dick I felt him shudder with pleasure. Years of pent up sexual tension began to unwind and the effects of it were inside of me, warm and slippery. 

"You are still hard?" I breathed as Alex was still inside of me. 

"Yes, very."

"Wow," I whispered in astonishment.

"No. I think she deserves me now," Jack said as he moved from his position as spectator...