 That song wouldn't stop playing in my head as I drove towards Dave and Ann's house. Mojo fever, monkey fingers, hair down to his knees. Utter nonsense; although, "he's got to be good lookin', 'cause he's so hard to see," contained a modicum of truth. In my opinion, Dave and Ann are a very attractive couple. Which added to the mystery of why I had been asked to take part in a threesome.

I'd had one, twenty years ago, in college, when my roommate and I had boffed a townie, but it had been a pretty tame event, compared to what one can now find in the world of porn. No DP's, no coming on her face. I screwed her, he screwed her, I screwed her, he screwed her. As I said, pretty tame. But we were young and inexperienced, and those were different times.

Dave and Ann run a website design/hosting business out of their home. I-Joe-am divorced, have two kids in college, and represent Dave and Ann as their attorney. I'd set up their LLC, gotten them a zoning variance for a home business, and, most importantly, defended them in an obscenity charge.

Several of the sites they host are XXX oriented, and the local DA, up for reelection, brought charges. Totally without merit; it was pure publicity. The judge threw it out in five minutes. The three of us celebrated a late lunch at a local bistro, with pasta and Chianti. Too much Chianti; I was ready to head back to my office for a nap.

Ann changed all that. We were seated on a banquette, Dave on one side of his wife, me on the other. She leaned her head on my shoulder. Her hand slid beneath the table, lightly stroked my thigh. "Joe," she said, looking into my eyes, "That was magnificent, in court. You abso-fucking-lutely demolished that jerk. You need a thank-you kiss."

Which I got. Sloppy, wet, tasting of the sunny Umbrian countryside. Eyes wide, I looked at Dave across her shoulder. He smirked. My legal mind swiftly reviewed the situation. Decision: something was up!

When Ann finally disentangled from the embrace, Dave said, "Joe, you've got to realize that we spend hours and hours a day, looking at that stuff. We can only take so much, then it's time for a sex break. But, after nearly a year, we've pretty well exhausted the possibilities, with just the two of us. Since you are unattached, we thought it might be fun if you helped us explore the menage a trois."

I should say here that Dave and Ann are in their early thirties, have two kids in elementary school, and, from all outward appearances, are a typical suburban couple. After practicing law for fifteen years, I know all too well that outward appearances mean nothing. We all have secrets, secrets which all too frequently are only exposed when a lawyer becomes involved. My divorce is a good example.

Ann is a redhead, with green eyes, and creamy skin, sprinkled with freckles. There's definitely a body beneath the loose dress she is wearing, but it's more of a hint than a statement. Dave was a jock in college, and still spends enough time in the gym and on the jogging trail to keep fit. They could both stand to lose a few pounds, but then, who couldn't?

"It's an intriguing proposal," I answered. "What are the ground rules?"

"None," she said, obviously the leader. "We'll make it up as we go along. Obviously, we have some ideas, some desires, from all the stuff we've seen. But no one is forcing anything on anybody. Dave and I want to take a trip to a new place, see the sights. You game?" Her hand still rested on my thigh, and I was afraid I was about to send my suit to the cleaners.

"Game," I said.

So here I am, a few minutes past noon, driving to Dave and Ann's; obviously we have to do this while their children are at school. Ann greets me at the door, pecks my cheek. She is wearing an XL sweatshirt with DUKE spelled out across the front. One of Dave's; it hangs nearly to her knees. Her feet are bare. She leads me into the living room. A clean sheet is draped across the sofa, another one is on the floor. My heart skips a beat. Used to looking at pornography all day, this couple proceeds at warp speed.

Dave enters from the kitchen. Also barefoot, he is dressed in a T shirt and sweat pants. I suspect they are both naked underneath. "Joe," he says, "How 'bout a burger and a beer?"

Yes; anything that allows me to regain control of myself. He and I sit at the kitchen table while Ann flips patties on the stove. "I put together a little five minute montage, showing the various permutations and possibilities of a three way. We'll watch it on the TV, after we eat."

Which we do. Ann snuggles between us on the sofa, Dave works the remote. I've rented videos a time or two, experimented with a couple of kinks (which probably contributed to my divorce), but what I see in those few brief minutes. . .black on blonde, double anal, deep throat, something called Bukkake. I am attracted and repelled.

Ann rises, pulls me to my feet. Unbuttons and removes my shirt. Unties my shoes, peels off my socks. Works my belt, my zipper, reduces me to T shirt and shorts. Shorts that do little to disguise the state I am in.

"OOH, Davie! Looky-look. Hidden treasure!" She sits, pats the cushion beside her. Puts her tongue in my mouth. I slip my hand under the sweat shirt. Naked, as I had thought. Big, soft breasts, big, hard nipples. The product of nursing two babies. I fiddle with them as we kiss, then let my hand explore beneath the warm fleece. Belly button, belly, mons, furry bush. Moist cave. My treasure, your cave. Later, later.

Her hand, in turn, has wormed its way into my shorts. Measures, squeezes, chokes, strokes. She breaks the kiss, turns to her husband. "He's thicker than you," she gasps.

"Prove it," he answers, rising, peeling off his shirt, tugging the drawstring of his pants. he's semi-erect, still pointing more at the floor than the ceiling. Big sack, a long penis. But; she's right: I AM definitely wider. Males are so competitive! An old girlfriend once told me that diameter was everything. But, then, she was trying to persuade me to take her to Hawaii for a week.

Ann crosses her arms and grabs the hem of the sweatshirt, strips it off above her head. Her rising breasts are lovely; full, pendulous. Long, pink nipples and a network of blue veins beneath the pale skin. Dave and I each suck one into our mouths. Our hands meet at her pussy. I've done this a thousand times, but never with another man competing for real estate! It is a strange sensation; soft, moist folds and fissures, hard, probing fingers that are not mine.

She manages to get her arms down past our busy mouths, our torsos, and finds our (mine, anyway) cocks. Lips still locked on a nipple, I glance down, see that she is indeed stroking her husband. She humps my-our-hand. "I need," she pants, "I need my first suck and fuck!"

She releases us; Dave and I stand. "Well, Darling," he asks, "Who-what-where?"

She rises, looks at me, her husband. Hands on her wide hips, she eyes our equipment, judging. "Joe, lie on the floor. I'll get on top, suck you. Dave, do me doggie."

She kneels over me, lowers her mouth to my cock, begins to slowly lick up and down its length, then sucks in the head. I wish I could watch. Although, to be honest, the view from down here is not all that bad! I study her cunt from a distance of six inches, as my hands rove up and down her back, her shoulders, her soft buttocks.

"Raise you hips," Dave says. "I need more angle." He's pretty tall, a bit over six feet. His knees appear on either side of my head. He guides his cock into her without ceremony; in a single stroke he sinks his shaft deep within her. She then takes me in. She tilts her chin toward my feet, back, then sideways; handles my cock like a stick shift going up through the gears. At least a five speed. Her lips worry the base of my root as her busy tongue plays with the head. In the dim cavern beneath her, I watch him slide in and out. Her labia become engorged, flush pink. A drop of her dew falls on my nose, slides down my nostril, heads for the corner of my mouth. My tongue snakes out, captures it. Salty. I take a deep breath, inhale her scent.

"I'm close, guys! Come on, come on; join me," she mumbles around my hardness. Her hands go between my legs, spread them. I feel a finger join my cock in her mouth. The damp finger circles my back door. "Play with my ass, Joe. Fuck me faster, harder, Babe!"

My fingers play a light tune on her pink star, and it responds. Dave grasps her hips and increases the pace. Her slim finger enters me and I explode; again and again and again, I empty into her mouth. She mumbles something, sucks, swallows. Spits me out, but continues to yank my shaft. "God! YES! YES! YES."

She pushes back against her husband, and he locks her there with his hands. From below I can see his balls swing as he shoots into her. I work my hand between us, find and strum her clit. She arches her back, grinds against me.

When he finally slips free, flaccid, a flood of their fluids spills out, runs down her thighs, drips onto my face. Trapped, I have little choice but to endure the moment. I steal a sample. Hot sauce. I've tasted women, tasted myself, but: the combination is damned erotic; A sensation I will not mention, at least for now. A trip to a new place, indeed.

Ann rolls off me, Dave helps her to stand. I rise to my knees, my face level with her crotch. Her face is wet with my semen. "Taste Joe, Dave," she whispers, and pulls his mouth against hers.

After a long, tongue swapping kiss, she breaks, spreads her legs a bit, and looks down at me. "Joe. You want a taste of Dave?"

I laugh, say, "I already have!"

Dave gets a couple of cold beers for us, and a soda for Ann. We use the sheet from the floor to clean ourselves up. After a moment Ann says, "This is icky. All this sweat and juice. Let's grab a shower." 

A place of more inventive high jinx; all slippery and soapy. Fingers everywhere. Dave and I are soon hard again; he wants to try it in the shower. What looks like fun on film, in reality is anything but. There's not enough room for three, and our feet keep slipping on the wet floor.

Dripping, laughing, arms linked in a zany Texas Two Step, the Three Musketeers return to the sofa. What I thought was a simple piece of furniture turns out to be a high tech recliner, with more adjustments and positions that a seat on the space shuttle.

"Sometimes," Ann says, reconfiguring the couch, "Dave and I like to role play. Me the top, him submissive. Me the waif, him the rough stranger. That sort of fiction." The arms and back of the sofa now have various interesting positive and negative angles, angles that suggest a multitude of erotic positionings to an inventive mind.

"Today I'm the slutty wife, needing lots of crazy sex. Dave is my dominating husband; he tells me what to wear, how to cook. I need his permission to shop for lingerie." Ann drapes her naked form against the tilted back of the sofa, throws a leg up on the arm. I think of that portrait "The Naked Maja." Her breasts fall off on either side of her chest, her red bush is still moist from the shower. My cock jumps.

"You can do anything you want, with me, Joe. But first you have to ask Dave's permission. Can you play that role?"

"Sure; I think I know what you want." I turn to her husband. "Dave, she's lovely, spread there on the sofa, so wanton, so inviting. May I kiss your wife?"

"Yes, of course. French her, crush her lips. Use your teeth."

Ann smiles at me as I approach. "Oh, one more thing, Joe," she says. "Dave likes to watch."

I interpret this as a need to pay attention to angles. Play to the camera, even though (thank heavens!) there is not one present. I approach from the side, giving him a full view of her body, and take her head between my hands, press my lips against hers. Her mouth opens, as does mine. I suck her tongue, nibble her lips. My hand slides down to her breast. She slaps it away, breaks the kiss. "Permission!" she snaps.

This could get annoying. "Dave, can I play with your woman's breasts? Can I fondle her tits, pinch her nipples?" The game of chess is won by seeing moves ahead. I add, "Can I suck on them?"

"Yes, yes, all that. And, be rough! She's needs to know her place."

"I can see that," I answer. "She's a bad girl, isn't she? So sexy, here in front of you. Naked, letting me do all this, while you watch." I pull her leg off the sofa's arm, spread them, kneel between them, my chest against her crotch. I squeeze her breasts, hard enough to make them firm beneath my grasp, then pinch her erect nipples, pull her breasts to each side as far as they will go. Lean into her, push my tongue once again deep into her mouth. She raises her groin, rubs it against my chest.

I break the kiss, slide down, roll her breasts together, nipple touching nipple. I suck both into my mouth; my tongue circles them, teases them. I bite. She squeals. Time for more 'Mother May I'. "Dave, this little bitch is hot! May I tongue her wet cunt? Put my fingers in her?" He's standing closer now, stroking himself.

"Yes, do that. Try to make her come!" I lift her legs from the floor, put an ankle on either arm of the sofa. She is spread at nearly 180 degrees. I bury my face in her cunt, search the silky red maze for the grail. She tastes of salty womanhood. I work my thumb into her, beneath my tongue. She bucks against me, floods for a second time that afternoon. Grabs my hair, crushes me against her pussy. I struggle to breathe.

Released, I sit back on the floor. My hardon throbs; I need the second coming now! "Dave! Can I fuck her? Can I stick my thick cock up her sloppy cunt? I need to shoot inside her. Can I do that? Dave?" Permission or not, it's gonna happen!

"Fuck her, Joe! Fuck her good. Slam her, stretch her, make her moan, make her yell."

I do all that, and more. "Hook your hands behind your knees," I order. "Pull your legs up as far as you can. I want you opened up, I want to go in deep!" She's wet, she's warm, she's eager. I kneel, plunge in, ram. It's been twenty minutes of launch prep. Now it's twenty seconds to lift off. And counting.

"Talk to me, you slut! Make me come!"

"Oh, God, Joe, I'm so hot! Your big cock feels so good. It's the biggest thing I've ever hand in my steamy cunt. Yes! Slam me! Oh, Joe, I need it bad, stretch me, hurt me, shoot me full! AH AH AH! I'm gonna explode!"

And so she does, for a third time, and so do I, and, I suddenly realize, as a jet of semen splashes across her breasts, so does Dave.

Her husband cleans her breasts with his mouth, feeds it to her with his tongue. I lie sideways on the floor, head propped up on my hand. My turn to watch. They snuggle, cuddle, caress, whisper. "Babe," she says, louder, "get my shoes."

Dave leaves the room, returns a moment later, with a shoe box. This is a very kinky couple. "Joe," he asks, "You ready to go again? Can you come a third time?"

I chuckle. "Sure. In about a week!"

"I know what you mean. I'm going to be down for a while, too. Half hour, at least."

At his age, I could probably match him. Now. . .I don't know. Of course, with my wife, there had never been an opportunity for a third inning. Hell, there had been very few second tries! However, I am not about to make that sort of confession, get sent home with a poor report card. I want to stick around, see what is next.

What's next is the shoe box. "Ann can be insatiable, and when I can't get it up to join her, she's got her toys." Dave lifts the lid, shows me a box full dildos, vibrators, and other things I'd never encountered in my sheltered life.

"Sometimes I just watch, sometimes I help. Which can be quite a turn-on. Today, she wants me to watch, to guide, as you do the work. I know what she wants, needs, so I'll tell you what to do. Watching you do it will be a turn on for me, too!" He spreads a clean towel on the carpet, and empties the box.

I look at Ann seated above me; legs spread, arms draped across the back of the sofa. She winks, touches her upper teeth with her tongue. "The purple vibrator. Put it in, don't turn it on." Six inches long, an inch in diameter. Smooth steel. Takes a pair of double AA batteries, I guess. I slip it home.

"Turn over, Darling. We need access." She stands, turns, kneels on the cushion; head down, she peeks back at us from between her breasts. "Blue, Joe. In her ass." Blue is a twin of purple. I assume that it, too, is to remain silent. For now. Dave has said nothing about lubrication. I take pity; stick it in my mouth, before pushing it past her sphincter. An inch of pale flesh separates the two devices.

"Nipple clips."

I search the toys on the towel, pick up two springy things that resemble clothespins. "No, those are for the labia. The bigger ones are for nipples." I need to get a copy of Kinks for Dummies. They are heavy, and when I pinch them onto Ann's nipples she says, "OW!"

I quickly remove them. "No, it's O.K., she groans. "Supposed to sting, a little. Put 'em back!" I do, notice that they pull her nipples, her breasts, down. She rocks, they sway. "More," she whispers.

"Turn on her ass," Dave says, and I obey. The vibrator makes a slight hum. So does Ann.

"Remove the purple, put Big Red in about halfway."

Big Red is a ten inch long and two inch thick rubber dildo. Highly realistic, if you happened to be color blind. She is still well oiled with my semen, and it slides to the midway point with little resistance. The space between the front and back doors shrinks to half an inch.

Dave moves closer. "Lube her good with the yellow tube, then try to get Darth Vader in." Yellow tube is no problem, and I quickly have her backside glistening with the sheen of some very slippery stuff. Darth Vader takes a bit more thought. I guess it is the shiny, black plastic thing, with a head the size of a doorknob. I look at Dave. "You want me to-"

He nods. "Go slow, take your time. It'll fit. Right, Darling?"

A small voice, muffled by the cushions, says, "uh huh."

I rub the thing up and down, across her ass. Squeeze a bit more goo onto it, grease it with my fingers. Push it against her hole. Push again, harder. Break a sweat. No way! Gonna kill this poor woman.

Ann grunts, pushes back. Expands, engulfs the head, contracts around it. The space between her holes has disappeared. "See Saw," Dave commands. That I figure out quick enough. In and out, in and out.

Oh, yeah!" Ann howls. "I LIKE that! Faster, deeper! More more more more!"

"Joe, quick! Turn on purple, stick it up her cunt, in front of Big Red. Buzz her clit."

What turns out to be the final insertion takes some effort; she is fully packed and gyrating like a banshee. As I push the two dildos in, she thrusts back, impaling herself, until there is little left for me to grip.

She comes and comes and comes. Slumps forward onto the sofa, moans, wails. Dave pushes me aside, tenderly removes Darth, then Red. Purple has disappeared. His fingers search, find it, withdraws it, turns it off.

My cock is hard as a rock. How fast that week has passed! Dave, too, is at full attention.

"Annie, honey, sweetie, poopsie poo. . .?"

She stands on wobbly legs, takes a tentative step. "Gotta pee, drink some water." She looks at our erections, smiles. "Don't worry, guys, I think I got one left."

God, I hope so! If not, Dave's in for a bit of trouble. . . "She'll be a while, cleaning up," Dave says. "Let's grab a beer." Two guys, early and middle middle age, sitting in the kitchen, drinking beer on a weekday afternoon. Totally naked. Typical suburban scene. Come to think of it, it probably is, and I laugh.

"What?" he asks, and I tell him. "Yeah. We host one site that has a chat room, and you won't believe. . ."

"I have to tell you, Dave, it was pretty tense there for a moment, when I was trying to get that big black thing-"

