 When I turned 18, I moved out on my own and decided to make a living for myself. I had just graduated from high school with an honors diploma. Not that means anything to my job now but hey what the hell. I first moved to Chicago finding odd jobs. I worked as a waitress occasionally, found cleaning jobs, and whatnot. It was only until I saw a flyer about the local strip joint that I thought about going down this way. I knew I could get the job, I have a hot little body and I'm young. I have nice, perky tits with large brown nipples, a small waist, firm legs, and a toned ass. So I headed down to the club and set up an interview. The interview consisted of a series of questions, a body check, and a sample dance, which of course I passed with flying colors. I got the job! I was so excited. The only rules were that I was to never date the customers, never bring my boyfriends into the club, and always make sure I tip the bartender. I thought hey, I can do this.

After I'd been working here for a few months, one night stood out. I was doing a double set with Larissa, the new girl. We were doing a set that had us looking like some horny lesbos. I must admit though, it was hot. The routine consisted of us grinding, licking, and getting really hot and heavy on the stage. After our routine, I went into my dressing room feeling so horny. I had to get off. I went into the bathroom and slid my sheer thong off and started playing with my wet cunt. It only took me 3 minutes to cum. I moaned deep as my juices ran down my thighs into the toilet. As I was cleaning up, I heard some yelling down the hall. I grabbed my robe and went to see what the racket was. 

As I stepped out of the hall, I saw Tommy, Larissa's boyfriend storming off. He wore an angry expression as he stomped down the hall towards the exit. He winked at me as he passed by and I knew it was time. Tommy and I had planned this night for a while now. Tommy was what you would call a voyeur. He had this fantasy about watching his girlfriend with another girl and then joining in. Since I worked with Larissa, he came to me and asked me if I would help him. Being the nice girl that I am, I told him yes. We planned that he would get mad at her and start a fight and storm off. I would notice and be there to console her in her grief.

I strolled down the hall to Larissa where she sat in her room, sitting on the couch with tears streaming down her beautiful cheeks.

"What happened, Risa," I asked solemnly.

"We got into a fight. Tommy thinks I should quit here but I told him I couldn't because I make real good money. He told me that if I didn't go home with him tonight, he would break up with me. He left me," she sobbed.

I went over and sat next to her. I put my arms around her and hugged her close. I rubbed her back as I made soothing noises. 

"It's going to be okay, he's an ass," I said matter of factly.

She just cried harder into my neck, her tears running down my robe and down my chest. I suppressed a shudder as I felt her tears traveling down my breasts. She wrapped her arms around me and held onto me tight. I held her until her sobbing subsided. I began to massage her back for her. I told her to lie down and let me help her relax and take her mind off Tommy. She lay down on her stomach and I began to massage her neck and her tense muscles. She moaned and told me that felt really good. I told her to sit up and remove her robe so I could massage her better and she did. Ohmygod, she is fucking beautiful. She had these gorgeous tits. They were about a B cup with perky pink nipples and she had a flat stomach. She lay back down after she removed her robe. I continued to massage her back, making sure I was touching the sides of her breasts nonchalantly as I went. I massaged my way down to her firm ass and she giggled and said it tickled a little. I pressed my palms harder into her and she relaxed.

Larissa was so encompassed in my massage she didn't notice Tommy slip into the room and hide behind a clothing rack. I did and I winked at him as I worked all the knots out of her back. I leaned close to Larissa's ear and whispered soothing things to her. I soothed the pain from Tommy's "fight," and when she was totally relaxed, I kissed her softly. She stirred and started to say something, but I interrupted her with a trail of fiery kisses down her neck. She moaned and stretched her neck to give me better access. I told her it would be fine and that she needed to just relax. I kissed her down her neck, her shoulders, and down her back. I reached my right hand around and fondled her breast. She moaned as she pressed her ass into my pubic bone. I almost came right there. God, her ass felt so good rubbing against my clit. 

Meanwhile, Tommy had slipped his large cock out of his pants and began jerking himself off. I slid my body down hers and reached my hands down to massage her ass. I kissed her cheeks and licked her. I spread her cheeks apart and bent my head down between her legs. My tongue darted down and licked her wet slit from behind. She moaned and wreathed in pleasure as I lapped at her pussy hungrily. Larissa turned over to give me better access to her sweet cunt. I slid 2 fingers into her and started pumping my hand rhythmically as I tongued her hard pearl. I could feel her orgasm starting to build. Her pussy muscles tightened around my fingers and she pulled at her titties. She came hard on me and her juices flowed down my hand. I eagerly lapped up all I could. I pulled my fingers from her musky pussy and licked them off. Risa closed her eyes reveling in her sensations. I then signaled for Tommy to come out.

Tommy walked over silently and dropped his pants. He quickly removed his shirt and I moved out of the way. Larissa opened her eyes just in time to see his cock enter her sweet haven. She gasped as Tommy began to slide his thick shaft in and out of her. She looked over at me and I winked. She closed her eyes again, realizing everything was okay and got into the rhythm with Tommy. Soon he was pounded furiously against Larissa's dripping cunt. Meanwhile, I was getting so hot and bothered, I went over to Larissa and sat on her face. I wanted to feel her lips eating my sweet pussy. She immediately responded by darting her tongue in and out of my wet hole. Tommy slid his hand up on my hip and held me there as Larissa kept tongue fucking me. 

I reached my hand down and rubbed my clit fast and screamed as I came all over Larissa's innocent face. My cum gushed out of my swollen cunt and down her parched throat. Larissa drank in my sweet goodness with lust. She then climaxed herself again as Tommy's hard dick rammed in her. She quivered as her orgasm ripped through her body. Tommy then pulled out and grabbed my hips from behind. He quickly impaled his cock deep within my pussy walls. I squealed as my cunt adjusted to his massive cock. Tommy thrust deep into my pussy wildly. Larissa's eyes filled with lust and she thrust her snatch into my face. I buried myself deep in her wetness, savoring her taste. My tongue delve deep into her folds and I slid 2 fingers into her, wanting to bring her to climax again. 

Larissa came within minutes again and she rocked her hips against my face and my hand. Her cum poured out onto me and I slurped her sweet nectar happily. Tommy picked up the pace and I knew he was getting ready to cum. He fucked my pussy so hard, I felt him deep within me, almost reaching my guts. I felt him pulsate beneath me and he grunted as he shot hot sticky cum deep within me. He pulled out and Larissa and I knelt before him and he spurted more of his seed all over our faces. We gingerly lapped it off of each other and Larissa bent down between my legs, licking up every last drop of cum.

We then got dressed and Larissa and I went back on the stage for our next show. Tommy assured us that he'd be waiting for us at their apartment. With a wink and a wave, he was gone. We were left to ourselves, giggling and whispering down the hall. We went home that night and found Tommy with one of his buddies. He winked at me and told me he knew all about our secrets. Larissa and I looked at each other and embraced each other furiously. We began stripping each other down as our men watched us. You can imagine how the night went on. After 4 hours of playing, fucking and sucking, we all fell asleep dreaming of each other. From then on it has always been the 4 of us. It will always be that way. I'm glad I moved out and made my own living, or else I wouldn't have 3 best friends and fuck partners.