 This is the fifth chapter of Amy's recovery from an ugly marriage, with more to cum. It is strongly suggested that the reader start with Chapter 1. All characters are fictional. All rights reserved. Please vote, and I welcome all constructive comments.

*****

Later that evening, Cindy called to ask how my house cleaning went. I gave her the Cliff's Notes version with enough detail to ensure that her pussy moistened a bit. Then she shared with me her cleaning appointment. After Amy had cleaned her condo, she made Amy lick her pussy, and suck her until she had had several orgasms, then sending her home without any favors returned. "I felt so mean," she admitted. "But it was so hot, and I know that her pussy was soaking wet when she left. And I did miss the taste of her sweet cunt." After several more minutes of ribald teasing conversation, Cindy suggested that the three of us go out to dinner the following evening. We could then retire back to her place for a full night of female-male-female debauchery. I agreed eagerly.

We met at one of our favorite restaurants nearby Cindy's place. It was a small establishment in the local strip mall, that had expanded several years earlier, resulting in two separate dining areas; one with several tables, and the other with only two. As was our custom when we visited there, the owner seated us in the small room. Over the years, it had become a well known custom with the regular customers that the intimacy of the small room was to be respected; but shared intimacy nonetheless. The couple that owned the restaurant was a randy couple in their own right with whom Cindy and I had played a few times. The room had morphed over time to become an adult's only dining room, with several pictures of nude women, artistically posed, on the walls. They had even found a couple of mid size statues of nude men with anatomically correct features. They weren't exactly the quality of David in Florence, but all of the women customers fondled the body parts whenever they visited. All of the customers who were treated to dinner in the small room understood the rules. Customers' intimacy was to be respected, but it was okay to be a voyeur. More often than not, the women guests wore sexy revealing outfits contributing to the sexy ambiance. 

I arrived first, and Paula, the owner's wife escorted me to the room, whispering to me that the other guests in the room were a young couple who had just returned from their honeymoon, and had asked specifically to dine for their first time in the room when there would be some exciting guests at the other table. She explained that she was totally confident that Cindy, Amy, and I would not disappoint. I nodded my head, assuring her that we would do our best to entertain. Paula smiled, and whispered her final comment before we entered the room, "Good. That means it is highly likely that Joe and I will have some hot sex tonight after we close." Her last comment was in reference to the fact that they were true voyeurs, getting highly aroused by the activities of their guests. They had even developed a special menu for the room, offering many items that supposedly had aphrodisiacal properties, or provided for a sensual eating experience. 

Once in the room, I took the chair that provided the best view of the other table, and would have Amy and Cindy sitting on each side of me. The other couple was already there, and as I waited for Paula to bring me my Scotch, I studied the young couple. He looked to be tall and fit, and had the rugged look of an outdoorsman. He was dressed in loose slacks and a sport shirt with the top several buttons undone revealing a well tanned and toned chest. He certainly qualified as eye candy for the girls. His new wife was girl next door pretty with short blonde hair just long enough that the tousled look appeared to be natural. She was dressed in a short skirt and a pair of high heels hat had long straps intertwined around her ankle and calves, and obviously not wearing hosiery. Her white button down the front blouse was nearly transparent, and I was pretty sure that the black bra underneath was from Victoria's Secret. Her nice sized boobs stood out proudly, and the bra barely covered her nipples, leaving the middle and upslope of her breasts clear for all to see. All of the buttons down to the bra were undone, and I anticipated that Joe would do much of the serving at that table, stealing many looks down the front of her blouse.

Paula returned with my Scotch and asked if I was enjoying the view. I nodded in the affirmative, and she agreed, admitting that she hoped they would become regulars. I detected a bit of desire for him in her voice, and commented that he was a pretty good looking dude as well. She smiled, and quietly added, "I can only hope that his manmeat matches the rest of that gorgeous body. And she appears to be a real hottie as well."

Cindy was the next arrive. She was wearing a simple wrap dress. I was already familiar with it, as it was a staple in her closet. It used a single snap and a faux belt to hold it closed at the waist, resulting in a look that covered the appropriate parts of her body, but provided easy access to her boobs and pussy for her partner of the evening. We had had several delightful experiences out when she wore that dress, so I wasn't surprise to see her in it. If previous experiences were any indication, she was naked under the dress. As she approached our table, both she and I noticed that the outdoorsman was watching her as she strode across the room with Paula. Arriving next to me, she bent over to kiss me fully on the lips, ensuring that the man could get a clear view down the front of her dress. Our tongues danced together for many seconds, giving the young couple their first voyeuristic thrill of the night. The kiss combined with the light fragrance of her perfume sent strong messages to my cock about the evening to come, and it responded by hardening in my slacks. Paula waited until we broke our kiss, smiled and asked Cindy if she wanted her usual glass of wine. Getting an affirmative reply, she left to fetch the wine.

I took another sip of my Scotch as Cindy settled in and studied the other couple. I looked over as well, and met the eyes of the young lady looking into mine. As our eyes met, she smiled sweetly, and seductively licked her lips. I smiled and winked, wondering how far we could take the cross table flirtation. She winked back, and as she did so, I noted that she spread her knees apart a bit, giving me a teasing glimpse of her inner thighs. At the same time, Cindy and the man were having a similar dance of the eyes, both showing smiles of appreciation.

Paula returned with Cindy's wine, and had Amy in tow as well. Amy had clearly been coached by Cindy on what to wear. I found out later that Cindy had helped her pick out the outfit on one of their now regular shopping trips. It was essentially a harem outfit with diaphanous loose pants that were tightly tied at the waist and flowed loosely to her ankles, where the ends were tightly tied just above her minimalist sandals. A tiny black thong was clearly evident under the nearly transparent material of the harem pants. The sleeveless top was similarly done, tightly tied at the waist, and the neck. The overly large opening for her arms allowed easy views of her unfettered swaying breasts for anyone standing or sitting beside her. The material did nothing to hide her dark aureoles and already hardening nipples. The young man couldn't help but stare at Amy, and I suspected that he was jealous as hell that I had two beautiful women. Not that he could complain, what with the beauty next to him.

Amy ordered wine as well, and this time it was Joe who delivered it, bringing us the bottle. We introduced Amy to Joe, and I caught him leering at her boobs. Cindy did as well and scolded him, asking him if that was the right way to treat a lady. "When she is as beautiful as this young lady, and displays her gorgeous breasts so blatantly, I presume that she wants me to look. And, so I will."

Amy blushed a bit but responded with a "Thank you." She admitted that it was really hot to be viewed in such an obviously sexual way. Joe returned to the kitchen with an order from us for a sampler tray of raw oysters. We made small talk as we studied the menu. As we chatted, I observed the other couple enjoying their salad. Interestingly, his left hand had found its way under the table and was lightly caressing his new wife's inner thighs as they forked lettuce into their mouths. She had spread her legs just a bit more, allowing him easy access, even knowing that I had a clear view of the action.

Paula reentered the room; bring the other couple's main dishes to their table. Amy glanced over at their table to observe, but quickly returned her gaze to our table when she saw the man's hands moving under the lady's skirt. Her blush had spread, only adding to the sexiness of my step-daughter. Both Cindy and I could tell that she was struggling to fully comprehend the blatant sexuality pervading the room. Finally, her curiosity demanded an answer. "Okay, guys, will one of you please explain what is going on here. I must say, this is not a normal restaurant." Here last statement was emphasized with her sweeping her arm across the table, gesturing at all of the artwork in the room. "I mean, this is the first restaurant I've ever been to that had pictures of nude women on the wall, and statues of naked men with over-sized dicks. And erect, I might add. What's the plural of penis, anyway? Penii or penises?"

Cindy and I both laughed. She responded first. "Penises. But, key point is if you have more than one around, the most important thing is to take advantage. And as to our choice of room and restaurant, that's a long story. But, the short version is that Joe and Paula, the owners, have explicitly designed this room for customers desiring a meal in an erotic setting. Customers are vetted before being allowed in here, and must be willing to share the room with other amorous, very amorous to be clear, guests. It is well understood that watching the other guests is part of the experience. Your dad and I vouched for you with the owners, so I hope you're willing to accept the expectations?"

Amy nodded her head at the other table. "So, they expect us to watch them?"

I joined in. "Oh, yes. Most definitely. And they expect to see us doing some exciting stuff."

"Like what? As if I can't guess."

I leaned towards her, and putting my hand behind her neck, pulled her in for a deep kiss. As her tongue responded eagerly, I slid my free hand through the arm opening of her blouse and fondled her protruding nipple. The moan into my mouth proved to me that the room's eroticism was having its desired effect. When we broke our kiss, we both looked over at the other table to find both of them staring at us, but with delightful smiles on their faces. His hand had found its way all the way up to her crotch, and we were close enough that I could see the muscles in his arm flex, as he teased her pussy.

"What about me?" Cindy asked, sliding her hand across the lump in my trousers.

I turned to her, and gave her a similarly hot kiss, and slid my hand inside the dress to giving her boobs some much needed attention. As I did so, she adjusted the front of her dress to ensure that more cleavage would be showing, when I pulled away. We broke our kiss, and resettled in my chair, noting that our neighbors were shamelessly watching our every move. I smiled at them, and they both turned the edges of their mouths up even more indicating they saw my smile. And, she licked her lips very sensuously, and slouched down in her chair a bit, allowing an even better view of his hand between her thighs. 

Paula then came in, bringing our oysters. "Here ya' go," she said as the set the platter on or table. "I think it's getting a little warm in here," she added with a big grin on her face. As she left, we each took an oyster and slithered it down our throat. Amy giggled, and admitted it was her first time to oysters. But she was quickly grabbing a second one; downing it in quick time. Cindy slowed her down, suggesting that she savor the aftertaste.

That relaxed the building sexual tension a bit, and we enjoyed the rest of the oysters in a leisurely way, while sipping our drinks. The other couple was busy enjoying their steaks. We chitchatted over the oysters, discussing current politics, and our normal activities. Then, after the other couple finished their steaks, the lady stood and headed for the restroom. Cindy made the normal powder her nose excuse, and went to join her. Amy was only seconds behind her. I smiled inwardly, imagining how Cindy might address the other lady in the restroom, as I knew she would. My eyes met those of the other gentleman, and we nodded to each other, leaving it to the women to break the silence.

Several minutes later the other lady returned to her table. I watched her unabashedly as she sat back down, catching a delightful glimpse of her inner thighs and nether regions. She took her time settling in ensuring that my voyeuristic opportunity wouldn't be missed. I had enough time to identify that she was wearing a purple thong. As soon as she had settled in, she leaned over and whispered something into her husband's ear. He looked over at our table, smiled, and then entered into a conversation with her. Shortly after that, Amy and Cindy returned.

I, of course, was curious as to what might have transpired in the ladies room, and Cindy was ready to share. As I expected, Cindy had initiated the discussion, asking her how they were enjoying their dinner, letting her know that we ate there regularly. The lady acknowledged that they were a bit taken aback as to how intense the experience was, but they were enjoying themselves. She admitted that she was horny as hell, and intended to fuck her new husband as soon as they got home. Then she asked about our threesome. Amy, apparently not ready to admit to being my stepdaughter, told her that Cindy and I were teaching her how to be a good lover.

When I challenged her about lying, she said, "It's not a lie. You two are teaching me how to be a good lover. That's just not the entire truth."

I threw up my hands in capitulation, admitting that she was correct. "And what did she say to that," I asked.

"She wondered if her husband would want her to take lessons as well. It turns out that they were high school sweethearts, and have not been with anyone else other than each other. Talk about sexual virgins? I mean; Really?"

Cindy piped in, "And I couldn't help but offer lessons, if they were interested."

"Sounds very intriguing! How did she answer?"

"She giggled and blushed. But she was most definitely interested. I think we need to tease them some more, though, no matter what." This observation came from Amy as she slid her hand back onto my crotch. My cock responded, hardening under her caress. 

"Ooh, I think you're right," Cindy added. "How 'bout I tell you two a hot story, while Amy; you tease your Dad. Oh, and spread your legs a bit so that they have a good view while they enjoy their dessert. Meanwhile, he can play with my pussy. I've spread my legs already so that they can watch us."

I slid my hand onto Cindy's thigh, and found her legs widespread, begging for some intimate attention, and I wasn't about to deny her or our audience, who had already noticed our flagrant sexual display. When I checked their table, both of them were openly watching our carnal engagement, knowing they had our permission to watch; even more that we wanted them to watch. As I slid my fingers across Cindy's inner thigh, I felt Amy's hand slide across my crotch, lightly caressing my hard cock through my slacks.

Cindy launched into a story about how she had seduced a college boy who had come by her place selling magazine subscriptions. I had already heard the story, but I knew it was appropriate because it included a lot of exhibitionism teasing a stranger. Just as she shared that she had spread her legs so that the young man could see her pussy under her skirt, our hostess arrived with our salads. Paula quickly observed the obvious sexual teasing going on, and wondered to us questioningly, just how far we intended to take the display. She explained she wasn't worried; she just wanted to know how hot she and her husband were going to be at the end of the evening.

Amy answered for us. "We want the other couple so hot that they're playing with each other before they leave the restaurant. Is that going too far?"

Paula laughed. "Oh, Heavens, no, that's fine. Trust me. We've had people fucking on the table. We don't mind at all as Joe and I will be observing, of course."

"Cool!" Amy answered. "So, get on with the story, Cindy?"

"Mmmmm," Cindy mused. "Okay. But I'm going to take my time, and enjoy our meal as well. Besides, I suspect we're all pretty horny already. I know they are," she said, nodding her heads towards the other couple. 

They were, in fact engaged in an obviously deep soul kiss, and his hand was massaging her breast through her blouse, and her hand was squeezing his cock through his slacks. I fingered Cindy's clit as our eyes gazed over the other couple, and I felt her muscles constrict, and more juices oozed from her pussy. As she told the story, with XXX details, we finished our salads, and the other couple finished their entrees. Among the five of us, hands were very busy, stroking their neighbor's body between forkfuls of food. The sexual temperature in the room was slowly climbing into the danger zone.

Our neighbors chose to forego dessert, but Paula brought them some in a take home bag when she brought their check. As the gentleman extracted his credit card from his wallet, the lady pulled something from her handbag and in a barely perceivable nod of her head towards the restrooms, clearly intended for Cindy and Amy's benefit, slid out of her chair and once again headed to the Ladies Room. Cindy and Amy dutifully followed, leaving me to ponder what might happen in the girl's room. I sipped on my wine as the gentleman signed his credit card slip and headed towards the front door. As he walked by our table, he said, very quietly, "Thanks for the show!"

I smiled and nodded as he exited our private room. My girls returned a few minutes later, and Amy relayed as to how we now possessed her phone number, and she had Cindy's. Amy also shared that each of them had kissed the girl before exiting the bathroom. A deep enough kiss for her to report that the girl was a really good kisser. Cindy grinned as Amy told me about the girl, clearly savoring the newly discovered depravity of my step-daughter. "But, enough of the new girl. I want to hear the end of your story, Cindy.

And, after Paula served us our entrees, Cindy did exactly that. She dragged the story out, ensuring that all three of us were truly consumed by our hormonal desire to fuck. Amy caressed my hard-on through my slacks as Cindy described the boy's skill at licking her pussy. According to Cindy, the boy had fucked her multiple times, and Cindy had successfully brought him to three separate orgasms. Secretly, I acknowledged that unfortunately I had long since passed that time of my life, even with the occasional help of the purple pill.

"Oh my gawd! That was so hot!" Amy said. "My pussy is soaking wet. I certainly hope that one or both of you intend to fuck me tonight."

Cindy and I both laughed, and I responded, "I think you absolutely can count on that. In fact, I'm tempted to take you to the toilet and fuck you right now. She got to me as well. And your continuous fondling of my cock during the story didn't help one bit."

Amy giggled. Then a look came over her face that hinted of guilt, apprehension, doubt, or something similar. She turned to me, saying, "Dad, you know how much I've enjoyed the past few weeks with you and Cindy, and how much I appreciate your helping me get over David." She paused, her lips pursed in a pensive pout. "But, somehow, it doesn't seem right. I mean, what would Mom have said about this? I don't think she would have helped me in quite the same was as you two did. And I'm sure she would have disapproved of how you have helped me, Dad."
