 Amy, my step-daughter announces she is going to be a porn star. The reader should read the previous chapters for this to make sense. All events are fictional, and all participants are of legal age. All rights reserved by the author. Please vote, and I welcome all comments.

*****

After our ménage-a-trois, Amy borrowed Cynthia's DVD's of her and Carol and took them home. Each of us returned to our normal lives for several days, which included Amy doing her maid duty for each of us, albeit without any naughty follow-ups. After that wild evening with Cindy and Amy, I knew I needed a couple of days for recovery. Amy, still being a youngster, relatively speaking, however, related to me later that by noon of the following day, she was horny as hell. So, she ended up starting to watch some of the DVDs of her mom and Cindy's porn videos. As Amy explained it to me, she was driving one of her new toys into her own cunt within minutes of seeing her mom fucking on screen.

We had been chatting for a while after she had cleaned my flat when these revelations came out. Apparently, Amy had been on a marathon masturbation journey, as she watched her mother's porn films. It hadn't taken her very long in describing her lust filled hours of the past several days before she had me horny and hard. That was obviously her intent, because as soon as my cock tented in my slacks, Amy had pulled my pants off and encircled my hard cock with her delightful lips. It wasn't very long before my cock was unleashing rivulets of cum into her throat. 

After I recovered from her excellent blowjob after cleaning my flat, and as we were relaxing on my couch she announced, "I want to become a porn actress." 

Even though I wasn't completely surprised by her salacious desire, I'm sure my jaw dropped. Seeing my reaction, she quickly followed up with justification. "Look," she said. "I love sex. I need a job. It pays pretty good. All my sex partners will be clean, and Cindy can help me get started. And, there's no way Mom could disapprove. Not after I got done watching some of her DVDs. My pussy hasn't stopped creaming since I started watching them two days ago. I've been pretty much on a mom-porn immersion since then."

"Really," was about all I could get out before I had to gulp down the lump in my throat. Several seconds later, I was able to add, "Obviously, I cannot be judgmental on your decision to do this. I would only caution you to think carefully about all of the ramifications of such a decision. I know you are smart enough to realize that once a film with you as a porn star is produced and published, you will never be able to stuff that genie back in the proverbial bottle. Think about how a future life partner of yours might react to such a history."

"It didn't seem to bother you at all with mom," she retorted.

With that I had to laugh, as she was right of course. "Touché'," I retorted. "But, the love of your life may not be so forgiving."

"Well, the way I figure it," she said, "is that if he or she doesn't approve, I'm not sure they're suitable as the love of my life. It is certainly obvious that I love sex. I'm turning into a real slut, and it doesn't bother me in the least. Mom was clearly capable of accepting herself as a person, and was able to do porn. And it is very apparent in her videos that she really enjoyed being the porn star. And, from what you and Cindy have told me, she clearly loved sex; she wasn't being a porn star just to do her job."

I had to nod in agreement with Amy, as she had certainly internalized and accepted her mother's past. As I continued to try to wrap my mind around what Amy had just shared, she added, "By the way, I have done some research, and I think I have found a semi-safe way to start."

'Yeah, right!' I thought. "How's that?" I asked.

"Well, I have been researching various ways to get into the porn business, and I think I've found an outfit that shoots special videos for private clients, and not for the public. They've offered me $5000 to come over and do a test shoot. I asked Cindy to check them out, which she did. As best she could determine, they are legit. She's doing some more research, but it looks like a good option for starting."

Since both Cindy and I had a significant understanding of the way the business worked, I knew that while there were bad players in the business, for the most part, the business was fairly safe for the performers. I nodded my head in agreement, having quickly concluded that I had no choice but to allow her to proceed with her desires. As soon as she recognized that she had my approval, she jumped in my lap and gave me a big hug, and a kiss not intended for fathers and daughters. I would have thought she was done with surprises for me, but that was not the case.

"I love you," she said. "Oh, and by the way, Cindy and I are heading to Los Angeles this evening for an interview with the company that does the filming."

While my mind reacted to the suddenness of the move, I had to recognize her intelligent approach of taking Cindy with her. What I didn't understand was why Cindy would agree, because she had promised me the previous day that she and I were going to party later that same night. I didn't know whether I should feel jealous, angry, confused or what.

Amy's next surprise relieved me of all my concerns. "And, by the way, since Cindy had promised to get together with you tonight, she and I convinced Julie to entertain you tonight. She has agreed to be your slut slave for the evening. She is expecting you at our place about 8PM." As she was speaking, Amy reached in her handbag and pulled out her key. Handing it to me, she added, "Go ahead and let yourself in. She will be waiting for you. Oh, and she requests that if you have one of those blue pills to take it please. She want to be totally and royally fucked tonight."

...

Two hours later, I kissed Amy and Cindy good-bye, and spent the rest of the afternoon, contemplating just how far Julie was willing to go as a slut slave. I spent the afternoon contemplating various ways of finding out just how far I could go with her. My mind conjured up many raunchy and depraved scenarios, with all of them encompassing some form of physical or mental control of her by me. Remembering all of the sex toys and bondage gear in her closet, my imagination got quite bizarre. My cock hardened the most as I contemplated having her straddling the Sybian, its dildo pumping inside of her with her wrists tied well over her head. I had watched many online videos of scenes like that and they had always gotten me very horny. By 7:30PM, I had showered, eaten supper, and taken my pill. I dressed minimally, knowing the clothes would be off shortly after I entered the apartment. I wore just slacks, a shirt, and a pair of sandals. 

I arrived at their apartment a few minutes after 8, and let myself in, anticipating finding her in the living room wearing some sexy lingerie. She was not in the living room, so I headed towards the bedroom before I recognized that there was another one of her envelopes on the coffee table, propped up, so that I would see it. Next to the envelope was a tray piled high with pre-rolled joints. I picked up the envelope and pulled out the printed note.

Dear Mr. P,

As you have already figured out, I am not in the apartment, contradicting what Amy promised. For this misbehavior, I am sure that you will punish me however you see fit.  I am out to dinner with my younger sister, Courtney (picture attached), and I will be back to the apartment between 8:45 and 9. As I said, I am sure you will punish me appropriately for this transgression. I am totally confident that whatever punishment you give me will be enjoyed by both of us. But, before you decide what the punishment should be, consider:

1.My sister is fully aware of what happened when you last visited our apartment. She is also aware that I am likely to be punished severely, and in a potentially sexually degrading way upon my return to the apartment. She is keen to meet you and watch the evening's proceeding. She hasn't said anything but I think she is cautiously interested in actually participating in some way or another.

2.Sam is also prepared to be available this evening for whatever role you might desire of him. His phone number, as well as my sister's are noted below.

3.While you are waiting, I anticipate that you will take the opportunity to invade my personal space in the bedroom in any way you choose. Look through my drawers, investigate my closet, check out the movies I have loaded on DVR of my entertainment system, and pursue whatever other devious idea you may come up with while waiting. 

4.Take this potpourri of options and decide how you want to enjoy the evening.

Until 6AM tomorrow morning, I am your sub slut slave.

Julie

With what I had just read, I was really glad that I had availed myself of one of my Viagra pills, as it seemed I was destined to have a full night of BDSM debauchery. I checked my watch and it was ten past 8, so I had about 30 minutes to prepare. I was quite impressed with Julie's creative wild side. It was apparent that she was heavily into role playing and sexual theater. I thanked my luck stars for being in a situation where I had three beautiful sexy women who were into all things sexual as much as I was. Maybe even four now, as it seemed that Courtney was becoming another optional fuck-toy. At that moment, I considered myself to be one of the luckiest men in the world.

After I glimpsed Courtney's picture, it took me all of three nano-seconds to decide to invite her younger sister to the party. One had to look closely to identify any resemblance between Courtney and Julie. Where Julie was tall and quite well rounded, Courtney looked to stand only about 5'2" tall, and was quite slender. The picture had her in a bright yellow skimpy bikini that ensured the viewer was fully aware of her feminine attributes. Her boobs looked to be a B cup, and it was evident that they stood up proud and glorious, as there was no way that her miniscule bikini top was providing any support. She was extremely slim, and had legs that indicated many hours of exercise, as they were quite taut and tanned. The g-string bikini bottom left no doubt that her pussy was fully shaven, and the camel toe was quite pronounced. This girl was most definitely quite fuckable. I immediately texted her sister, and asked her if she could tell Julie that I had uninvited her, but then arrive at Julie's apartment thirty minutes after Julie. The text response I got back near instantaneously read, "Oooh. Sounds decadent and devious. I can't wait."

I responded with a text telling her to text me when she got to the door, and not to ring the doorbell.

Inviting Sam to the impromptu party challenged me a bit more. Like most males, I was somewhat selfish, but the voyeur in me always enjoyed watching others perform, and I knew from the previous party that he certainly could perform. I already knew that Julie's drawers included strap-ons and dildos of several varieties, so the requirement of another cock was not the driving consideration. But, I knew that, even with the help of modern chemistry, the presence of another live cock would probably increase the pleasure of all. Finally, I decided and called Sam, and asked him if he could show up sometime after 11PM.

I had to laugh at his response. "Oh, then, it sounds like I get sloppy seconds." I could tell from his voice that this wasn't going to be a problem.

"Oh, yeah, but it might be sloppy thirds, not seconds."

"I'll be there. I am assuming from what Julie told me that you are completely in charge tonight. Is that right?"

"Pretty much. Is that a problem?"

"Not at all," he answered. "I enjoy being a boy toy, and I actually enjoy being told how I am to perform and be used. So, no problem here."

I checked the clock and noted that I had about twenty minutes before Julie's return. I grabbed a joint, lit it, and headed to the bedroom. It hadn't take me long to conjure up a delightfully decadent scene, and having already done some exploration of her room, I immediately set out to prepare for my evening of debauchery. I pulled the Sybian out of the closet and set it up between the bed and the window. I then pulled out the full body restraining device and set it up. In one of her drawers, I found a complete collection of bondage equipment, including spreader bars, cuffs, bondage ropes, ball gags, butt plugs, nipple clamps, blindfolds, rubber corsets, vinyl head masks, and other assorted higher end bondage gear. As I pulled her collection out and spread it out across the dresser, I wondered just how much Courtney actually knew about her sister's sexual proclivities. I wasn't worried; just curious. With Julie expecting me to fully explore her toy collection she was obviously not worried about it being revealed to her sister. And either way, I would find out when Courtney actually arrived and was confronted with the display.

By 8:45 I had the room prepared for wherever my mind wandered during the evening. I lit one of the joints and turned on the TV in the living room, and found my way to the list of movies on her DVR, eventually making my way to her saved collection of porn. It was no surprise when I found several videos starring Amy's mother, as well as a diverse collection of various genres. BDSM and lesbian themes were well represented as well as an incest one here and there. I picked one of the lesbian videos and started it, intending for it to be playing whenever Courtney arrived. I settled in to watch, and was well into the first scene when I heard the key in the door lock, indicating Julie's return.

I morphed into my DOM role as she entered the room. As soon as she had closed the door, I ordered her to strip. She was wearing a short skirt and a very sheer blouse, under which I could see a lacy bra. Her legs were encased in fishnet stockings held up by a garter belt, and emphasized with 5" stiletto heels. 

"Yes, sir," she responded as she reached to undo the zipper on her short skirt. Her lack of panties was evident as she dropped the skirt to the floor and stepped out of it. As she unbuttoned her blouse, I told her to leave her bra, stockings and garter on. Her experience at being a sub showed as she kept her eyes on the floor while following my commands. Once she was down to bra, garter and stockings, I grasped her by the waist and twisted her so she was facing the wall. I then placed her hands against the wall above her head, and moved her feet apart and away from the wall, so that she was leaning against the wall in the classic search position.

"You're late!" I announced in a tone that clearly displayed anger with her behavior. I then gave her a light slap across her ass with my bare hand, telling her, "I am still considering what form of punishment is appropriate for your transgressions, so your full punishment will not be meted out instantly. But, at a minimum, you will receive ten swats on your ass now. For the rest of the night your safe word is 'taxi'."

"Yes, sir!"

I then gave her another much harder swat on the ass with my bare hand.

"Give me another," she pleaded, quickly slipping into the sub role that had been promised for the evening. I did exactly that, which elicited the same comment again.

I finished the ten swats alternating between her left and right ass cheek as I did so. By the time I had finished the initial phase of her punishment, her ass cheeks were quite red, but I was sure there would be no long term marks. I then stepped back a step and contemplated my next action.

Her nipples were already distended from arousal, clearly visible through the thin material of her bra. I sensed that despite the dom role she had played in our previous get together, she was truly into being submissive. I stepped back up behind her and slipped my hand between her legs from behind, intending to force my fingers between her pussy lips. I knew she was aroused, but was a bit surprised that her pussy was already soaking wet, with juices oozing from her cunt already. She was a lot wetter than I would have expected from the few swats I had just given her. "Why are you so wet?" I asked. "It can't be from the few swats on your ass, now."

"No, sir it's not sir."

"Well then? Why?"

"My cunt has been wet since dinner, sir."

"And, why is that?"

"Because my sister made me describe to her what happened the last time we were together, and she made me describe it in great detail. Sir."

I found this latest information to be useful, directly answering my musings of earlier in the evening. "And how did Courtney react to this information?"

"I think her cunt was as wet as mine. I did everything I could to make her hot and horny in case you decided to have her join us. And when she heard that you had not invited her to join us, she told me she was disappointed, and expected to go back to her place and get herself off. Sir."

"So, I take it that you and your sister have shared intimate things about your life before now, then?"

"Well, not really, and definitely not with any sort of detail. But when she was visiting Amy and me a few days back, she discovered my toy closet, and demanded to have more detail. And the more I told her, the more info she demanded. Sir!"

"Okay, then," I responded. "For future reference, I take it that she is completely prepared to engage in whatever form of play might have occurred tonight, since you offered to have her join us. Is that a correct interpretation?"

"Actually, sir, what she said to me before I wrote my note, is that she would love to see the toys in use. As to her willingness to participate all the way, I don't know for sure. But, I can tell you that by the time I got done describing our party, I think she would have spread her legs for any cock that showed up in front of her. She was most certainly very horny, and since she doesn't have a boyfriend right now, I suspect she is starved for a good cock. Sir!"

I checked the clock and noted that I had about fifteen minutes before Courtney would arrive. I allowed Julie to move from the wall, and I then shared another joint with her. As soon as we finished it, I took off her bra and ordered her into the bedroom. I then made her straddle the bondage horse. I used the spreader bars on her feet and wrists, and used several straps and cuffs to ensure that she was completely spread wide open and fully restrained. She was face down on the horse, and her breasts hung down on each side of it. I inserted the ball gag in her mouth, and tied the straps behind her head. I then put a blindfold on her.

I stepped back and admired my work, enjoying the view of her wide open pussy, which was now oozing more cunt juice onto and down her thighs. Next, I took a pair of nipple clamps that were connected by a chain, and attached then to her engorged nipples, carefully adjusting the tightness to be painful, but not overly so, as I didn't want her completely distracted by the pain. I then picked up one of her vibrators and proceeded to plunge it deep into her cunt without warning or hesitation. I heard her moan around the ball gag as I worked it and out of her soaking pussy. As I pumped it in and out, I brutally pinched her clit between the thumb and forefinger of my other hand, causing her to squirm on the bondage horse. After a couple of strokes, and sensing that she was already nearing an orgasm, I stopped diddling her clit and pulled the vibrator out. At that point, knowing that her sister would arrive anytime, I took the pair of noise cancelling headphones that I had found in her living room, turned them on and placed them over her ears. With her wearing the headphones, I knew I could have a conversation with Courtney, and Julie wouldn't have a clue what was happening.
