 As the stakes raise, will monogamous couple Ashley and Jon fold, or go all in?

*****

Ashley was having a run of terrible luck. I've been married to her for a decade, and had seen her take enough money off my friends in that time to fund a small yacht, yet here she was, pulling her shirt up over her head and showing a lacey red bra holding her perfect 34D breasts to Mona and Jim. 

"I call." She said as she swept her long red hair out of her face and put her t-shirt on the table. Her chips were gone and this was all she had to bet with to stay in the game. While Ashley was by no means a prude, we'd enjoyed a nude beach in the Caribbean on our honeymoon and she had won a fair share of bead necklaces by flashing her tits during one wild Mardi Gras celebration in New Orleans, she'd never gotten naked in front of people we knew before.

Jim laid his cards on the table to reveal three Jacks, and Ashley's face went sour as she threw her cards face down into the center.

"I guess that's game," Mona said, a sly grin coming across her face. "Unless you're willing to ante up another piece of clothing to keep going."

"What'll it take?"

***

Ashley had met Mona just a few years after we had been married and became fast friends. Co-workers at a small charity organization, they got together to complain about a particularly nasty boss over cocktails a few nights a month. 

I first met Mona at one of our annual pool parties. She was five years younger than Ashley, almost six feet tall yet rail thin with ebony skin and dark eyes. She had a habbit of always wearing one of the skimpiest bikinis of the party, showing off her large, firm breasts. Ashley playfully told me on more than one occasion to put my eyes back in their sockets when she came over. 

Not that Ashley had any reason to be jealous of Mona's looks. With her long red hair and pale, lightly freckled skin, tiny bump of a nose and piercing blue eyes, Ashley was five foot eight inches of hotness with just the right amount of curve in the butt and belly.

After one particularly wild party, where perhaps a bit of weed had found its way around to the dozen or so guests who had remained past midnight, I went upstairs at nearly three in the morning and found Ashley and Mona lying in bed together, bikini's still on, with Mona's arm draped over Ashley's chest and felt my cock leap to attention under my swim suit. I was sure it was nothing more than two friends having fallen asleep together, but in my mind I could see them kissing on the bed, gently exploring each other's bodies. I backed out of the room and ended up sleeping on the couch that night, letting my mind race in the fantasy of my wife making out with another woman.

Mona had moved away to Atlanta to pursue her legal career a couple of years ago, and while they stayed in touch, the six hour drive was just enough that I wasn't graced with that beautiful body at our next couple of pool parties. 

Then about a month ago, Ashley told me she accepted an invite to go and visit Mona and her newish boyfriend up in Atlanta, with a promise from Mona that her and Jim would show us a great time. It sounded like a great weekend getaway and the plans were tentatively made, as I could never be sure about my schedule until about a week out. Luckily, it had worked out and Ashley had called Mona last week to confirm.

***

We were staying in Jim's swanky downtown penthouse condo and had Ubered earlier in the evening to a BBQ restaurant just outside of downtown where I had some of the best wings and pulled pork of my life. We were trying to decide what to do next when Ashley remarked on the game room she had seen on the quick tour of his place and asked if Jim was much of a poker player. He said he was, and we decided to head back to their place for drinks and a friendly game after dinner. 

He had a great man-cave in the large condo, complete with a well-stocked bar, mini foosball table and 65" big screen, which had remained off, while music played through speakers hidden somewhere in the room. We had been playing a bit under two hours when Ashley found herself out of chips and now without a shirt.

I was sure Ashley would call off the game at this point. She may have been confident about her hand before, and was willing to show a little bit of skin, a pool-party-bikini amount of skin, to try and get back into the game, but I couldn't imagine that she would risk any more. Sure, we'd all had a few cocktails, but we were far from drunk, just a bit socially lubed. Her asking about the ante was probably just bluster. It couldn't have been the $200 that she put in at the start of the game.

"Accessory to ante, clothing to call any raise, underwear to put someone else all in with their chips. You put the clothing in when you bet, and if you lose it, you don't get it back until the game is over," Mona replied.

Ashley blushed furiously and stared wide eyed at Mona.

"What, you never played strip poker in college?"

"No," Ashely squeaked. I cast a sideways glance at Jim who had a bemused grin on his face but was otherwise quiet.

And then Ashley reached down, took off a sandal and put it on the table.

"Why not? Jon, are you okay with this?"

Given my wife's poker skills, and the chance to see Mona topless or perhaps even buck naked? Yes, I was very okay with this.

"As long as you are sweetie," I replied, "You know what an exhibitionist I am." I had ended up swimming naked in the pool or dancing around a late night fire more than once at our parties, and though Ashley would only join me if no one else was around, neither was she upset that I went a little crazy from time to time in front of the guests.

"Jim?" Ashley asked.

"I don't mind taking your clothes now that I've taken your money." He replied, earning a small playful punch in the shoulder from Mona.

Seven hands later, Ashley was once again chip leader, and Mona and I had just folded rather than risk our shirts, while Jim was still contemplating.

"Oh come on Jim, it's just your shirt," Mona teased him. It hit me then how closely these two were connected after only having dated six months. In that way they were much like Ashley and I, who had gotten married barely a year after meeting. The spark between these two was obvious and powerful, and I imagined it wouldn't be too long before Ashley and I would be attending their wedding. Jim was a genuinely nice guy, with an easy confidence about him that made you understand instantly how he was in the middle of his third start-up company. The guy just radiated "winner".

"You asked for it, you get it," he replied, and removed the t-shirt, showing his broad, muscled, dark chest, like something right out of a picture on the wall of a gym. I found myself surprisingly self-conscious, even though I was still in my shirt. Not that I had a bad body, I was just lean and tight from years of running and cycling. I never hit the weights much. 

Jim put the T-shirt on the table and said, "I call."

Ashely turned over her full house and took Jim's pile of chips and his shirt.

"Thank you very much," she said with a smile. "I think I've saved enough face to call it..."

"You scared?" Jim cut her off. "Cause I want a chance to win my money back."

"Then let's deal." She replied back.

"Now I remember why I never played poker with you down in Florida, I forgot how competitive you are," Mona said with a smile. "Anyone need another drink?"

There were three yes's and a minute later Mona came back with four beautifully made vodka martinis.

On the next hand I was able to win Mona's shirt after Ashley and Jim both folded. It had only taken a moment for her to decide to risk it. She had a thin silky black bra on with no padding to hide her stiff nipples. "What, it's cold in here okay, Jonathan?" She teased when she saw me glancing at her chest. Unfortunately for her, the very good hand of three kings she had couldn't stand up to my flush.

"Oh, are you kidding me!" And then before anyone could ask her she stood up, pulled down her jeans to show a black barely there thong and put her jeans on the table as her next ante, being all out of accessories. "Let's do this."

Ashely and Jim folded once again. I didn't have anything in my hand, but any bet I made now would mean Mona would either have to fold or remove her bra or panties. Seeing it as a win, win, I pushed half my pile of chips into the pot.

"Uh-uh," Mona said, "If I'm going to put up this bra, you gotta put the rest of your cash and your shirt too. It's not worth it for that measly pile of chips alone.

"Fair enough," I replied and took off my shirt.

Mona took a long look at me, then reached behind her back with one hand, undoing the clasp of her bra and shrugged the straps off shoulder by shoulder, letting the cups keep her breasts covered. She put one arm in front of her chest while the other pulled the bra loose from underneath and placed it on the table, then turned over a pair of 8s. I showed my bluff, King high, and complimented, "Well played."

Mona smiled and said, "Thank you, I knew you didn't have shit" as she took her bra and put it back on, giving just the briefest flash of her dark areolas as she did. She dropped the jeans that she had won back on the floor next to her and put in the ante in chips followed by Ashely, I removed my last sock and put it in, while Jim put in his pants.

It was then that another stray thought flashed through my head. Could you bet if you didn't have any clothes left? 

Jim looked at his cards and smiled. "I'm all in if there are any takers..."

Mona and I threw in our cards, Ashley then pushed in half her pile of chips.

"I said all in..."

And without missing a beat she took off her bra and tossed it onto the pile of chips like it was something she had done a hundred times before.

"Will that do?" She wasn't trying to cover up the way Mona had. She just let those still perky at 37 full breasts and tiny pink nipples sway out before her for everyone to see. Mona giggle and clapped. Jim looked back down at his cards, then back up at Ashley. 

Jim put his cards back down on the table, stood up and turned around. He pulled down his boxer shorts to reveal an ass as heavily muscled as his chest, then turned around, revealing his long, thick soft black member. "Yeah well I'm a grower not a shower," he said with a laughing grin as he sat down, "and it is cold in here." 

I was no slouch in the package department, a nice seven inches, but Jim's was larger than that soft. And the sudden image of that cock, hard and engorged, buried into Ashley's pussy as her head was between Mona's legs dashed across my brain and my cock got stiff. "Now show me what you got."

Mona revealed a queen high straight. Jim smiled and revealed his king high straight. With a shrug of his shoulders, Jim picked up his boxers and slid them on without standing back up, keeping his python, there really was no other word for it, hidden below the table, and dropped Ashley's bra to the ground beside him. 

I saw the ladies exchange the briefest of glances, one that seemed to say "I know, right?" and everyone simultaneously picked up their martinis, toasted and took a drink. The room was quiet for a long beat.

"New stakes," Mona said. "You two are even on chips, so we'll call that a draw."

Where was she going with this? She piled up the chips and then handed a different color chip to each of us. White to me, black to Ashley, green to Jim, red to herself.

"No ante, and the game is simple. Five card stud, look and decide if you are in or out. If you are in, you put in your chip. Winner gets to make one request from each person who put a chip in. Game ends with the first person who decides not to honor a request."

Once again the room was silent, save for our heavily beating hearts. 

"Can I," Ashley began, "Can I talk to Jon alone for a minute?"

"Of course, sweetie, our bedroom is right back there."

Ashely got up and led me back to the bedroom, closing the door behind us. 

"What do you think?"

"You mean you're thinking about going along with this?"

She paused for a moment, "Well just to see where it goes. We can always end it if it gets weird."

"Define weird."

"I don't know. I mean, the game could be anything right? But probably just watching each other do sexy or stupid things. I mean, I know I wouldn't suggest you or me doing something with one of them. Would you?"

In 11 years, we'd never talked about the possibility of a threesome or swinging. Oh sure I'd thought about it a few times, but it was just one of those things that never came up. Now here we were, half naked and talking about it for the first time in the bedroom of another couple's house. 

Amazingly, now that the question was in the air, I thought back to the image that flashed through my head a few moments ago and thought, well, fuck, you only live once! I was pretty sure I could handle seeing Ashley with someone else, and I was positive that she wasn't going to suddenly leave me to come live with these two. 

I wasn't sure how Ashley felt, though, and didn't want to push her into something she was unsure of. I knew her competitive nature, and knew it might take a lot to get her to concede once the game started. It could be a recipe for disaster.

"No, but what if they suggest it? I just wouldn't want you to regret anything when you wake up tomorrow," I finally said.

"Then promise me this, and I'll make you the same promise."

"Okay," I said, my heart thumping hard in my chest.

"If there is anything you think that you would regret, either by my action or yours, say so, and we'll end the game."

I looked at my beautiful wife for a long beat.

"I promise."

"And I promise that if there is anything I would regret, by my action or yours, I'll say so, and we'll end the game."

I leaned in to give her a kiss, and she kissed me back with a furious passion. We opened the door and walked back to the game room table hand in hand to a smiling Mona and Jim.

"Good talk?" Mona asked as we sat down. It was only then that I realized that she had removed her bra to match Ashley in nothing but a thong.

"Yeah, we're game. Just don't be surprised if we opt out pretty quick. We've never done something like this before."

"Like what, Jonathan? Oh do you think this is a naughty game or something?"

She had a real look of curiosity on her face, like I'd just said something profoundly odd. Ashley gave my hand a tight squeeze below the table.

"Um, well, you know, um we just..."

But Mona couldn't keep up the mask any longer and broke into laughter, followed by Jim.

"You two are wound up way too tight," she said with a wicked grin. "We're going to have to do something about that."

And with that, the real game began.

***

The first hand was dealt, and though I didn't have anything, I stayed in, mostly to see what kind of request might be made of me and to get a sense of where this all might be going. Everyone else threw their chip in as well and we revealed.

Jim was the first winner.

"Perfect," he said and pulled a long black felt bag out of a drawer under the card table, opening it to reveal a glass pipe. "Let's all have a smoke together, shall we?"

The unmistakable smell of weed soon filled the air as we passed around the pipe. Ashley and I both coughed a bit on our first, but given our once every other year habit thought we handled ourselves pretty well. The second time around was easier.

"And don't worry, it's not the strong shit. Just something to get the creative juices flowing. This game is way better when you think outside the box with your requests. Even more so when it's someone's first time."

I grinned like an infant, realized I was likely grinning because of the weed, then burst out into laughter for a good ten seconds. 

"Babe, you sure that was the weak stuff?" Mona asked.

He looked back at the bottle and back up to Ashley, "Whoops." And then she broke out into laughter as did Jim and Mona.

When we'd collected ourselves a few minutes later, it was Ashley who said, "Next hand?"

Initial burst of giggles aside, it really wasn't the strongest weed I'd ever smoked and I quickly got laser focused back on the game.

The next three rounds went innocently enough, with Mona beating me and asking if I'd ever been with two women at the same time. I hadn't. And then Ashley beating Mona and asking if her and Jim were swingers. "Yep, it's how we met."

That led into the whole story that Mona had first gotten into the Lifestyle a few years back with a boyfriend in Orlando and found that it was a natural part of who she was. After she moved to Atlanta, she had met Jim at a mixer party.

When Jim beat Mona the next round, he asked her to stand on her chair and remove her panties, and she did so with such exquisite skill and slowness that for just a moment I thought I might blow a load in my boxers right then. 

She had turned her back to us and bent over, removing her panties and showing her pink hole, glistening with moisture. She reached a single finger between her legs, putting just the tip of it into that hole before standing back up and turning around, revealing her completely bald mound then sitting back down and licking the tip of her finger.

I had noticed that Ashley had been locked in on the sight the same as I was, and I swear that I even saw her lick her lips.

I beat Ashley and Mona in the next round, and finally got to ask the question I'd been dying to know for three years. "That summer party where the two of you crashed together on our bed. Did you make out that night?"

"No," Mona replied, "but I had wanted too. I just wasn't sure if Ashley was interested, and we were both pretty drunk, so I didn't try to start anything."

"If you had kissed me, I would have kissed you back," Ashley then admitted and then blushed deeply. I'd never known she had any interest in being with a woman. She told me she'd never tried, back when we were first dating, but now I realized I'd never asked her if she'd wanted to try.

Though I had a decent hand, I dropped out of the next round to let Ashley, Mona and Jim battle it out, curious to see where that might go. It was then that the brilliance of the game really hit me, being nothing more than a way to control escalation and build tension. Push too far too fast and the game would come to a screeching halt, never push and it would just flit around the edges, the tension dissipating. And in most ways, it was better to not be the one in control.

Ashely won the round and spent a long moment in thoughtful contemplation. Finally, Mona suggested, "If you can't think of anything you could roll the dice."

"Roll the dice?"

And Mona then pulled out a white bag and removed two large dice from it.

"One die is for body parts, the other is for actions. You just say who's the giver and who's the receiver, then let the dice figure out the particulars. Like, you could pick me and Jim, you and me, or Jim and both of us."

"Maybe later, I've got an idea now. I'd like to watch you bring Jim to attention with your hand and mouth. But just to attention, no more."

Mona smiled as Jim pushed his chair back from the table. She crawled over to him and removed his boxers, revealing that large cock once again. Mona took it in her and as her mouth went to the head, opening wide to take him in. Jim looked up to the ceiling and moaned as Mona began to stroke him. Five or six strokes later, with her tongue darting around his head, she pulled back to reveal Jim's fully erect cock, now over nine inches long.

"That was a tease," Jim said, "I'll get you for that my pretty."

Mona slapped at his member as she moved back to her chair. 

The next handful of rounds ended with everyone folding, and so no requests. Being straight up 5 card stud, there was only one round of betting, starting with the dealer and then moving around the table, which was seated Ashely, Mona, Jim, me. So Ashely always knew what I was doing unless she was dealing, and so far both times she dealt she folded right away. 
