 Author's Notes: This story is fictional erotica designed to be experienced strictly by adults over the age of eighteen. I disclaim all responsibility for the actions of anyone not lawfully allowed to read this material, as well as anyone that may be disturbed by this material.

*

What you have to understand, before I go any further, is that Zach's not some 5'3" shrimp that just anyone can push around. No, this dude's a football player—he's two, maybe three inches shorter than me, but he's a pretty big guy. Sometimes we work out together, and I know for a fact that he can bench, squat, and deadlift a Helluva lot more than me.

He's a Celtic guy from somewhere around Pittsburgh, so I can only assume he's pretty tough, too—but shit, Pittsburgh doesn't compare to Quetta—my hometown. If things come to a fight, which I think they might… I can take him. Hopefully.

"John, Julia…" he says, walking in, nonchalantly, taking off his backpack. "Wassup?"

"Umm…" I begin, before pausing, and looking at him strangely—he's just walked in on his roommate fucking his girlfriend, and all he can say is "wassup?"

"Nothin' much, Zach… how was class?" Julia replies.

"Can't complain. Sorry for holding you up—did you get my text?"

"Sure did," Julia replies, still licking at my cock, treating it like it's a popsicle or something. "Did you get mine?"

"Yep," Zach says in return, but coldly—I look over at him, wondering what the fuck's going on. So, he addresses me. "John… have fun with her. Me and that slut're through—take my advice, bro. Fuck her, and that's all. She's not good for anything else, and don't let her get you to think otherwise for a second."

Finally, Julia takes offense, and sneers, turning to face her apparent ex-boyfriend, slowly pumping my cock. 

"Hey, it's not my fault you've got a small cock—"

"I'm eight inches long, you dumb slut."

"Well, that's nothing compared to this meatstick—"

"He's eighty percent my size," I point out, "and that's still pretty fuckin' massive…" I add.

"Well—"

"Like I said, John," Zach laughed, bitterly. "Have fun with her, but nothing else. I'ma get something to eat… John, I'll see you later."

The snub shuts Julia up, and both of us stare as Zach leaves, just as suddenly as he entered. My eyes narrow at his retreating back—he's not the kind of guy to take shit like this, and he's not an angry drama king at all. She must have done something messed up to him, before now, that is.

That seals the deal for me—I ain't trusting this bitch, not even a little. However… I will fuck her several more times. After all, why not, right?

She seems a bit down, but who wouldn't, after a snub like that? She doesn't stop cleaning my cock, though, so I spend a few seconds getting my best sympathetic voice on, before reaching over, and placing a finger under her chin.

"Hey…" I murmur quietly, angling her face up so that she looks at me. "You okay?... that was a dick thing for Zach to say… he's always an asshole like that. Look… if you want us to be more than fuckbuddies… I'll give it a try."

Instantly, she smiles, nodding, before rubbing her forehead against my cock in submission. She then does the same to my balls, sucking on them, gently, even as I pull her back, by the hair, so that she faces me again.

"There are a few conditions, though," I say, looking her dead in the eye, pausing for effect. "This isn't going to be… a bullshit equally weighted relationship. My word is law—you will do what I say, how I say it, and where and when I say it, regardless of how sexual, or nonsexual that is… example, if I show that I want to spit on you by doing it, you'll let me, and, you'll like it. If I slap you, punish you, whatever… it's all good. We clear?"

"Ahm… well…" 

I drive a hard bargain; I can see that she's having a really hard time deciding whether or not to give up her freedom for my cock. Me, though, I'm mostly indifferent—if things go through, I'll have a blast tonight, and then punt her out of my and Zach's dorm for the last time. If not… well, bitches come and go. I think I understand girls a little better now… I'll be able to get what I want easier in the future.

But would you believe it—after a second of thinking, the dumb whore nods. Apparently I'm a good liar, because my plan involves anything but a relationship with a broad like this. 

I have to see, though, if she really was serious about basically becoming my sex slave. My cock's rigid again, and I consider rubbing it against her face, again, putting her in her place, but I've already done that. It's time for something a bit more extreme.

She's stroking my fat cock with both hands, now, even as I look down at her until she looks up. Somehow, I make it obvious to her what I'm about to do before it happens, so she has time to prepare herself, mentally, for being degraded in such a way.

Shutting her eyes, and bowing her head, a little, to receive what I have to give her, she regardless flinches, just a bit, as I spit on her face. Looking up at me after opening her eyes, she blushes, before nodding, solemnly, showing that she's willing to submit to me—Julia even goes so far as to open her mouth up, and, smirking to myself, I spit directly onto her tongue.

Swallowing, she still blushes, but doesn't stop stroking my cock. It's then that she decides to really up the ante, turning me on even more by dirty talking.

"Oh, John, I love the way you put me in my place with your big fucking cock," she says, leaning down, a bit, to tap the tip of my member against her forehead. "You're so… big," she smiles, sucking on my balls. "I can't get over how big this thick, strong, beautiful cock is. It's amazing…"

Stroking at me with one hand, she caresses her breasts with the other. Julia gives me a naughty expression, and kisses, then sucks on one nipple, followed by its twin—stopping her pumping, abruptly, she sets those fat tits around my cock, and starts to fuck me with that sweet titflesh.

Never ceasing to look up at me with those sweet, soft green eyes, she wraps her lips around my uncut cockhead, bobbing slight even as she continues to titfuck me. Prodding at my urethra with her tongue, she makes me precum, quite a lot—I moan, filling her mouth up with the beginnings of a massive ejaculation.

The tease stops, though, and rubs my balls with her nipples. She slowly comes off my cock, holding her mouth shut, trapping it against her chest as she slides up towards me, a little. My eyes narrow, a little, 'cause I don't know what's going to happen next…

"The fuck are you doing—no, you dirty whore, don't—fuck…" I hiss, threateningly, and for a good reason.

Julia's opened her mouth and emptied all of that creamy, hot, sweet cum over my lower abs. I'm about to—I dunno, yell at her, hit her, or just kick her out now, but she redeems herself. Never looking away from me, she buries her face against my somewhat tanned, smooth flesh, and rubs all of that cum all over her.

It's sticky, so when she finally looks up, my thick love potion's all over her forehead, cheeks, lips, and nose. Her expression… it's so sexy, I can't get over it. It looks like she really has submitted to me, completely.

"J-John… can I kiss you…?"

The look on my face is answer enough for that question. So, a bit sadly, she lays her worship on my six-pack—it's not long before she's kissing and licking at it, lustfully… while… texting?!

"That shit better be important," I say, eying the phone, even as I pet her, approving of her affectionate motions. "Like, really important… a death in the family, for example."

"It's actually just a friend," she replies, kissing her way back down to my groin, resting her face against my cock. "I'm… I hope you don't mind, John… but I can't handle this big fucking cock alone…"

I blink, as the realization of what she's done arrives. I hide my smirk well, and reach down, as if to stroke her—instead, though, I gently but sharply slap her cheek, once, enough to sting just a little. She takes it, though, bowing her head in defeat, and kisses at the underside of my fat cockhead for a while.

It's not long before her friend enters the dorm. I think her name's Gianna—I've seen her around campus, before, and she is bangin'. She's black, with a physique similar to Julia's. Her hair's black, and braided, about mid-back length. Needless to say, I'm more than happy when the cookies-'n'-cream duo get on their knees before my monster, paying it homage with a series of kisses.

Just to make sure that we're all on the same page here, I shove Gianna's head down, a little, and smack her pretty little face with my cock, for a moment. Bitch knows her place—she just shuts her eyes, and when I'm finished, rubs herself against my shaft. Then, either to tease me or because they're genuinely horny as fuck—the two girls talk to one another, while slobbering on my thick cock.

"Damn, Julia, you said he was a beast, but this is… I've never seen anything like it!"

"Mmhmm," she replies, kissing up and down the side of my cock, while winking up at me. "John's one of a kind. We're so lucky to suck and fuck this big cock—come on, we'd better thank these huge, gorgeous balls of his, they're what's making all that sexy cum for us…"

The two sexy vixens kiss and suck at my balls, for a while, my cock either in their hands or resting on one of their heads. I'm pretty sure I hear them literally say "thank you," a few times—and it wouldn't surprise me if they are verbally thanking my balls. At one point, they sort of get into a fight—Gianna greedily tries to take both of my balls into her mouth, and Julia resists—as a result, I get to watch as they meet lips, a few times, using their tongues and a great deal of suction to try to claim both of my balls for their own.

Neither is successful, though, so after a few minutes, they both just give up, and proceed to lubricate their faces with the saliva dripping from my heavy, ready balls.

"Oh my God, John, you taste so good," Gianna moans, kissing at the underside of my big cock. "It's amazing… mmm…"

She gets eye contact with me, and holds it, as she wriggles her head from side to side, licking at my thick cockhead. Then, she starts to try to deepthroat me, gagging, heavily, so that my cock is as lubricated as ever. She's a good girl, though, and doesn't easily give up—she continues to try to choke me down.

"Heheh, gotta take care of these," Julia says, and she's right.

Gianna's still got her clothes on, and that won't do. Stopping every few seconds to kiss at my balls, or what of my cock remains unhidden by Gianna's mouth, Julia starts to take the darker girl's clothes off, rapidly. Soon, she's left only in lingerie, and, with a look, I signal to Julia that I'd like those to remain, for now.

Julia's better at deepthroating than Gianna is—the former can slurp down my monster without difficulty, but Gianna's still working on taking down the last two inches. To be honest, I think that if she tries much harder, she'll choke herself—the way her eyes are bulging, somewhat, as she looks up at me for approval just doesn't seem healthy.

She is good at simple fellatio, though. I appreciate the fact that she doesn't at all mind getting sloopy, and, because of that, and the fact that I don't want to catch a murder charge, I hold her by the forehead, and push her back. 

"Thanks, John… guess I was getting a little carried away there," she murmurs, coughing, a little, even as she pumps my cock, quickly, before beating it against her forehead.

They spend the next few minutes getting to know my cock intimately—every bulging vein, every contour and curve, every slight spasm I give and what that means in terms of felt pleasure and how close I am to a climax. Most guys would have big time blue balls, by now, but for some reason, this is a condition that's never really affected me—go figure.

Repeatedly, they display their submission to me, rubbing my length with their noses, foreheads, and cheeks. I don't even have to cockslap them to put them in their places—they know that they're below me.

The team blowjob they give me is hot—I'm too big for Julia to deepthroat me while licking my balls, but now, both my cock and balls are concealed in two hot, warm, wet mouths. Gianna's either very experienced at sucking balls, or a natural—she doesn't seem to mind the trimmed by scraggly pubic hair; the slut simply keeps kissing, licking, and massaging me without ever coming up for air.

They switch things up, for a minute, and kiss the sides of my fat cock, looking up at me. Somehow synchronizing themselves, they slowly slide back and forth, lips just flitting against the sides of my members, as they look up at me—I nod back down, approvingly. They're doing well.

"Hmm..." I wonder out loud, "are you two, you know… do you go both ways?"

Gianna sort of shrugs, but, blushing, Julia shakes her head.

"Well, no, not really…" the naughty brunette admits, "but for you, John… I'd be willing to… give things a try…"

Smirking, I nod, and start to stroke myself, slowly, watching as the two girls move towards one another. Shutting their eyes, their first kiss is brief, tentative—quickly, though, even Julia's being more than a little passionate in response to Gianna's efforts.

Now, I reach out and undo Gianna's bra strap with one hand, finding no difficulty in the process. She shrugs out of the top, moving across Julia's face to kiss at her neck, hungrily. Moaning, the white girl wraps her arms around her friend, as her kisses go lower, and lower.

I stop things, though, and stand, resting my cock on their heads as they rub their breasts against one another. Sucking at my balls, hungrily, they encourage me to stroke their hair, before, somewhat roughly, yanking them up.

Both hiss in pleasure, and accept the positions I put them in—bent over, elbows on my bed. Slapping Julia's thick ass with my cock, I give Gianna a smack—then ignore her, entering Julia again.

She toys with herself, moaning, as I slowly press my fat cock deep into Julia. I wrap an arm around her neck in a light but firm chokehold, groping at her, a few times, before she suddenly moans extra-loudly.

It seems that Gianna's taken the liberty of getting on her knees, below us, to eat her friend out. She strokes the back of my legs, sometimes kissing at my balls, though, so it's all good. Squeezing Julia's breasts extra tight, for a moment, I pull her to me, and murmur into her ear.

"Tell me, you fucking slut, you whore… say how much you like my big fucking cock in your pussy. Do it," I command.

"Oh my God, John… you're amazing," she moans, grinding her ass against me. "Give it to me, please… you don't know how much I need that—ahh—fucking cock…"

"Shut up," I suddenly say, sharply, constricting her airflow for just a second. "Fucking whore…"

I do nothing, for a moment, but let Gianna lick at my balls, hopefully. Then, though, I bang Julia, once, hard—after I hear her moan in ecstasy, I finally start to appease her.

Giving it to her hard and fast, I squeeze her so tightly that her breath is constrained. She says nothing, hardly capable of panting, but I can tell from the way she presses back against me that she's loving this even more than I am.

Before she can hit her orgasm, though, I pull out, refusing to continue, for a moment, as I shove her down into the bed, straddling her back, above her. I stick my cock between her thick, sexy asscheeks and thrust, for a minute, as Gianna slides up to engage in a brief makeout session with her friend.

I cut that short with a smack of my cock, and they get the cue, wasting no time in covering my shaft with kisses, saliva, and worship. I dismount Julia—now, it's Gianna's turn.

Spreading her legs, I use my hand to guide my cock into that tight black pussy. She hooks her hands behind my neck, holding and pulling me, gently, as I don't look at her face once—my attention is entirely on that drop dead gorgeous body as I make it shake with the power of my thrusts.

She says a couple things over the next few minutes that I can only assume are along the lines of, "Oh God, John," or "You're so good." Julia either watches or gets involved by kissing me, praising my efforts, or allowing Gianna to pour some of her ecstasy into her mouth. I'm feeling pretty good for being able to pleasure the two vixens this much, while, at the same time, permanently dominating them. 

As I've no intentions of becoming a father anytime soon, when I'm about to cum, I quite firmly pull out of Gianna, stroking at myself, while I set a hand on her head. Pushing her down, she soon takes over, along with Julia. Both girls hungrily suck at my fat cock, as I stroke their hair, for a minute, hissing in pleasure.

Finally, I reward the two bitches with a massive climax. Julia's the lucky one—she takes it into her mouth, barely, swallowing half of it instantly. After I smack my cock against her face, a few times, to clean it, she caresses Gianna's face in her hands, and they proceed to cumswap—once, twice, then three times, before Gianna drinks down my seed.

"Oh my God, John… you taste so good," she whispers, before kissing at my spent balls in thanks. "That was great…"

Julia nods, smiling up at me, before kissing my abs, for a minute. She then nuzzles at my limp cock, panting with excitement.

"So, John… what do you think about, y'know, me and you? Possible?" she says, hopefully, licking at my dick, for a few seconds.

And, despite what I told myself earlier… I have to nod. I don't regret it, at least, not yet—whooping in joy, Julia presses herself against me, showing that, from then on, she's only mine… but I'm free to fuck who I will.

The world opens up to me, as my new girlfriend and fuckbuddy lay their worship on my cock and balls, leaving me too exhausted to do anything else but watch. This could be fun…

*

And that's it for this series. See you around.