 It was a gorgeous May afternoon. With temperatures hovering in the low 90s, I decided to cut my college classes and spend time down at the pool like any intelligent 19 year old would do.

Okay, so it was not my pool. The pool at my cheap-ass apartment complex was still closed for long-overdue maintenance. So instead, I was swimming in the pool at a much nicer apartment complex about 3 blocks from mine. I wasn't going to let the little fact that I didn't actually live at these particular apartments keep me from sneaking in and enjoying the cool water. I'd long discovered that the key to sneaking in somewhere is just to act like you belong. And today was just so pleasant, I didn't belong anywhere but here.

Since it was a weekday and still time when most people were either off at work or school, I was one of the very few in attendance poolside. There was the grandmotherly-looking woman watching over what I assumed was her two grandkids. Another old guy was sunning himself on the deck, keeping a distance from the splashing of the two kids. Lastly was the couple at the other end of the pool. For some reason, their presence kept drawing my attention.

I assumed the woman to be in her early 40s, about the same age as my mom. She was of medium stature, a couple inches shorter than my 5'11", and what I'd come to know as "pleasingly plump" in her build. She wasn't fat, just softly rounded and almost cherubic, and her turquoise one-piece bathing suit showed her curves in a most positive light. Her hair was a medium brown and fell straight to just between her shoulder blades. But what kept me interested in watching her were her very ample breasts that strained at the upper half of bathing suit, swaying softly as she walked over to climb into the pool. And especially fun to watch were the hardened nipples that were revealed when she pulled herself back out of the cool water. 

The man was maybe in his late 40s or early 50s. I estimated him to be about 6' tall, with a medium build, save for the little extra soft roll around his mid-section. His hair was thin, gray-black, combed straight back. He has a fairly thick patch of dark chest hair that trailed down his stomach and into his navy blue Speedo swimsuit. And the way that tight swimsuit highlighted his dick and balls with its clingy material drew my attention as much as his companion's bouncing breasts.

As I swam in the pool, or got out just long enough to dive back in, I found myself stealing glances at the both of them, if not periodically just staring at them. Maybe they noticed my visual visitations on their physiques; maybe not. At least, if they had any problem with it, they never let on. If nothing else, it seemed as though they might even be aware of my focused attention, given the sometimes almost obvious way in which the busty woman would bounce in her step, or adjust her massive mammaries held barely in check in her bathing suit. And even the guy seemed to have a constant need to adjust his manhood within the confines of his own suit. 

Not having anyone else to distract my attention, I was able to watch these small displays and let my fantasies drift unimpeded through my mind. I found myself very comfortable in being equally as excited over the images of pleasant sexual play with the man and his well-defined dick as I was with the idea of sexual play with the woman and her huge tits and full body.

As I kept watching them, their effect was starting to play havoc with the fit of my gym shorts that I was using for swim trunks as well. My girlfriend was off on a family trip and would be gone for another week at least, so it would be a while before I'd get laid again. And I didn't have many buddies any more that were as willing to let me suck their dicks as in the past. Despite the fact the woman was my mom's age, watching those big tits and full body bouncing along on the other side of the pool was generating a lot of instant fuck fantasies in me, and the guy's lycra-bound package was making me drool. 

As the fantasies continued to play in my mind, my dick was responding in kind. My baggy gym shorts would not be able to hide an erection and would only serve to create an obvious tent over my stirring member. Jerking off in the pool was not possible, much less even a good idea, although if I kept my thoughts going like this, it would soon become a very serious need. 

In the distance, I heard the unmistakable diesel rumble of a school bus. That meant that kids would soon be home from school and parents would likely be bringing them down here to the pool. And that meant that someone might figure out that I didn't belong here. I got out of the pool and shook off as much water as possible, given that I did not have a towel to dry with. I grabbed my gym bag and headed to the small cabana so I could change back into my street clothes, then turned to take one last look at the couple that had been the center of my afternoon fantasies. A brief smile from the buxom woman in blue made me wonder if they hadn't noticed my interest after all. I turned away and into the small men's restroom that would serve as my changing area. 

Once inside, looked down at myself and realized that in my rush to get out of the pool that my swelling dick had not really gone down, and I was sporting a pretty big bulge for all to see. Well, that was fucking embarrassing. I pulled my wet shorts down and my prick sprang out, apparently unwilling to cooperate with my need to get dressed quickly. Despite my predicament I stood naked near one of the two bathroom stalls so I could get as dry as possible before tying to pull on my clothes. With the memory of the sexy couple still vivid in my mind, I was tempted to go ahead and whack off my meat then and there, and had there been a door on the stall, that would have been a guarantee. Any further thoughts of instantaneous self-gratification went out the window as soon as the door to the restroom opened again. With that, I stepped fully into the stall and focused my attention to appearing to use the toilet.

Someone stepped into the stall next to me who seemed to struggle with something for a second, after which a wet swimsuit was placed over the stall wall next to me. I tried to remain disinterested, but when the sound of someone pissing hard into the toilet followed next, I sneaked a peek at the suit on the stall wall.

A wet, navy blue Speedo. 

"She's a looker, ain't she?" came a voice.

"Huh?" was all I could manage.

"My wife," came the voice again. "I saw you looking at her."

Oh, shit! Just what I need, a pissed-off husband! My voice caught in my throat, preventing me from answering. The flushing of the toilet on his side filled the void instead. I then sensed him stepping around behind me.

"What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?" he chuckled.

I mustered up my courage and turned to face the man, expecting to see an angry, jealous face. Instead, he was smiling broadly, and he was just as naked as me. 

"Sir, I hope you're not mad, but -"

"Mad?" the man laughed. "Hell, no... why would I be mad?"

I thought I'd melt in relief. That much must have been obvious. 

"'Cuz a lot of guys get really jealous when some other dude is scoping out their wives or girlfriends."

"Only guys that have no balls get jealous when you look at their ladies. Good-looking women are gonna get looked at. Especially ones with really big tits, right?"

I laughed and nodded my head.

"I mean, what good is having a pretty woman if you get pissed off all the time because someone is looking at her?"

"I never thought of it that way," I replied.

"So," he began again, "do you think I have a pretty wife?"

I grinned. "Yeah. She's really pretty." I almost added 'for her age', but caught myself. I mean, she was attractive, but I don't usually make it a point to check out older women. 

"You like her tits, too, don'cha?" asked the man with a sly smile and a wink.

"Who wouldn't?" I answered all too quickly. I was going to say the same thing about how good his dick looked, too, especially since I had a clear view of it without the cover of the Speedo. And damn, it looked good. If I thought he was up for it and that the stalls had doors, I'd have gotten on my knees right then and there. 

"Yeah, I guess you do," he replied as his gaze fell to my crotch where my dick was answering for me, too, because that's when I came back to reality and remembered that I was still totally naked and still pretty much had a hard-on. 

The man looked back up at me. "So, do you play?"

"Play?" I repeated, a bit confused.

The man reached out and unashamedly took my prick in his hand, feeling its firmness in his strong grasp. He gently pulled on it a couple times, and raised one eyebrow in silent query. I swallowed hard, not sure where this was going.

"I hope you do," replied the man as he seemed to reluctantly let go of my cock. "And, if I'm reading you right, you might swing both ways? 'Cuz the way you've been checking out my dick..."

"Yes," I said in a low voice.

"Then I think we're going to get along just fine," he said, once again reaching out for my erection and stroking its length a couple more times. Damn if I didn't almost cum right then. He handed his towel to me. "Here, dry off." 

I did as he asked while we both eyed each others' bodies. He slipped into a bathrobe thing and tied it around him, then I handed his towel back to him. 

"Get yourself dressed. If you wanna play, drop by apartment D-15 in about ten minutes."

And then I wasn't sure what to expect, or what was going to happen, as I wandered through the complex looking for apartments that started with the letter 'D'. I was beginning to think that the man had simply played a joke on this oversexed teenager, and was hiding somewhere, laughing at my hormone-driven wanderings.

I finally found 'D' building at the rear of the complex, near the sound wall overseeing the shopping mall. D-15 was the furthest back on the lower level. I walked up to the door on trembling legs.

I had barely knocked on the door when it swung open. There was the man, still wrapped in his tan terry robe. He extended his hand in greeting.

"Glad you could make it," he said cordially as I took his hand. His handshake was firm, and he was not only shaking my hand, he was also gently pulling me into the apartment. I followed his lead and stepped inside. He immediately slipped out of his robe and laid it on a chair, once again exposing his attractive body and low-hanging cock and balls.

"Your turn," he said.

Even though I know he had already had an eyeful of me from the restroom, I was still nervous as I stripped under his scrutinizing gaze. When I was finally as naked as the man, he stepped up to me and stood close, softly running his hands all over my smooth body, leaving tingling traces wherever his hands made contact.

"Very nice."

His fingers ran through my shoulder-length, dark blonde hair, then down the length of my back until both of his hands were cupping my small, tight ass.

"VERY nice!" he repeated.

He pulled my body to his, his stiffening cock starting to press my abdomen above my own hardening member, and he bent his head down to kiss me softly on my mouth.

"How old are you?" he finally asked.

"Eighteen," I answered softly.

"Good age, young and legal... and your name?"

"Donny."

"Well, Donny, my name is Ray."

"Hi, Ray," was all I could think of saying. The whole experience was just too surreal to come up with much more conversational material. Then he bent down once again to kiss me, his tongue parting my lips and probing my mouth as he encircled my much thinner body and held me tightly.

By now, my dick was completely hard, probing between Ray's furry legs, almost as a perch for his testicles that now rested upon it. He drew back from me and looked down at my erection, taking it once again in his hand.

"That is a nice cock you have there, Donny," he said. "Good young meat."

He bent over and pointed my prick into his mouth, where he started to suck on it, slowly, as if testing it in some way. My legs went wobbly and I thought I was going to lose it right there. He stopped after a moment and stood upright again, smiling, his gaze still on my dick.

"You're gonna do just fine," he whispered. "Come with me."

He guided me into the small hallway, placing his hand on the bedroom door. He called through the door as he opened it.

"Baby, we have company!"

As he ushered me into the room, I was greeted with a vision of the beautiful, busty lady I had eyed so much at the pool, casually sitting in bed, gloriously naked. She looked up and smiled brightly.

"Honey," said Ray, "This is Donny. He wants to play with us. Donny, this is Staci."

Staci got out of the bed and bounced, literally, up to me. She swept me up in her arms in a genuinely affectionate hug. It was almost motherly, except my mom never hugged me fully naked with enormous boobs smashing against my body and a pelvic bush tickling my dick. 

"Oooh!" she squealed. "You are a cutie!"

If my mind had been swirling before, it was in a complete cyclone of disarray now. Here I was, naked with a man who'd just seconds ago had been kissing me and sucking my dick, and his absolutely gorgeous wife who was hugging me and smashing her giant tits against me while my hard-on was probing her pubic hair and feeling the moist heat of her snatch, just fractions of an inch from slipping into her pussy, and--

I came on her leg.

I couldn't help it, I was so wound up that my balls let loose with a small burst of sperm on her milky soft thigh. I was so embarrassed I could have died right there.

"I- I'm sorry!" I blurted.

Staci drew back and looked down at the small wad of white cream that I had deposited on her, scooping it off with two of her slender fingers. She eyed it, and then smiled at me.

"Excited?" she asked in an understanding tone.

All I could do was nod. 

"It's good to know I can still have that effect on someone, although I'm sure that Ray was helping things along, " she said, winking at me and then smiling at her husband. "Don't worry... I'm sure there's more where that came from."

She licked my cum off of one of her fingers, and I could have sworn she was savoring it like a first taste of wine. She lifted her hand to Ray's mouth, slipping the other sperm-laden finger into his mouth, whereupon he sucked my cum into his mouth, too. She then leaned up to me, those wondrous breasts once again pressing against me, and kissed me on the mouth like Ray had done, this time sharing a taste of my own sperm with me as well.

"Well," Ray said, "let's get it on, shall we?"

Staci took my hand and led me to one side of the bed, while Ray headed for the other. Together, they pulled back the covers and climbed onto the bed, laying back comfortably. Staci patted the mattress next to her.

"Come on and join us."

I was sure my face was about to split from my grin as I settled in next to Staci. She gave me another sweet kiss, and then turned to Ray and locked lips with him in a deep french kiss as she reached up and slipped a hand behind my head, directing my face down to her tit. I instinctively opened my mouth as wide as I could and began sucking on her large nipple. I then placed a hand on her massive mound and squeezed the pliant, tender flesh as I began to really get into sucking on her.

"Mmmm... your mama must have had a hard time weaning you," she sighed to me between kisses with Ray.

Ray then leaned over a bit and began suckling at the other nipple.

"That's it boys... drink from Mama! Suck them big titties all up!"

By now, I had both of my hands working Staci's left breast while Ray focused on her right. She then reached down and took our dicks in each of her hands. To my surprise and our mutual delight, I was already starting to get hard again.

She started to jack us off with her talented fingers, getting a rhythm going as Ray and I feasted upon her huge mammaries. A few moments later, Ray stopped sucking on his side and spun around until his head was towards the foot of the bed. Between licks and sucks on the nipple in my mouth, I watched as Staci turned her head to face Ray's dick that was now pointing right at her face. She eagerly drew his cock into her mouth and started sucking it as deep as she could.

The sensation on my own dick changed dramatically as Staci stopped jacking me off, instead holding the base of my shaft while Ray's mouth drew me in. Her hand deftly fed my cock into her husband's mouth, bring me to full hardness in an instant. Ray reached up and took my left hand away from Staci's tit, guiding it to her burning pussy. My fingers played through her soft pubic hair, automatically searching further as she gently spread her thighs, revealing her swollen labia to my exploring fingers and quickly coating them with her slick juices.

Ray's mouth started bobbing up and down on my cock with greater speed and intensity while Staci continued to hold the base of my dick with just enough firmness so as to give Ray full hands-free access to my meat. The headiness of the whole circumstance had me nearly floating off the bed: my mouth sucking away on a beautiful tit, watching the woman suck her man, my fingers playing with her willing, soaked pussy, and my dick being expertly sucked on--

I felt like I was turning inside out as my balls tightened like stones and my dick burst forth with sperm once more into Ray's sucking, driving mouth with the most intense orgasm I'd ever had. I moaned deeply into Staci's tit flesh, stifling what were nearly screams as my guts convulsed in absolute pleasure. Ray continued sucking, a little softer, until he was confident that I was spent.

I finally rolled onto my back, trying to catch my breath; my saliva smeared on my cheeks from the intense sucking I had been doing on Staci's huge breast.

She started to jack us both off with talented fingers, getting a rhythm going as Ray and I feasted upon her huge mammaries. A few moments later, Ray stopped sucking on his side and climbed up on his knees near the headboard. Between licks and sucks on the nipple in my mouth, I watched as Staci turned her head to face Ray's dick that was now pointing right at her face. She eagerly drew his cock into her mouth and started sucking it as deep as she could.

The view was amazing. I was mesmerized by the sight of this man's huge tool disappearing into his wife's welcoming mouth, especially given that I was witnessing it live, just inches from my face. I couldn't help but imagine how good that mouth would feel on my own raging member.

Staci stopped jacking me off, instead pulling on my shaft and drawing me to my knees on the other side of her head, positioned just like her husband. Now face to face, Ray smiled at me with unabashed pride.

"She's a great cock sucker," he said.

Staci's hand deftly fed my cock into her mouth. I shivered from the sheer suddenness of heat that coursed through my shaft from her deep throat as she held onto the base of my member and guided me in and out of her mouth. Just as I was nearing the edge of another climax, Staci's mouth withdrew from me and she again engulfed her husband's cock. Just as I could hear his breaths deepen from the obvious pleasure, she rotated her head and drew me in to her slick throat once more.

She alternated between us a couple more times, each time getting us closer to climax. It must have been obvious to Ray that I had was near reached my limit. 

"Go easy him, baby!" he said. "He's almost there. I think he needs to suck on mama's tit again."

Ray dropped from his knees and lay out again, this time on his side and turned around until his head was towards the foot of the bed. As I, too, slid down along Staci's side and went back to feasting on her generous breast and rubbery nipple as her hand again found my rock-hard meat and she returned to stroking my tool. Between licks and sucks on the nipple in my mouth, I could glance over and watch as Staci turned her head to again face Ray's dick that was once again pointing right at her face and once more engulfed his meat nearly to his balls.
