 "Mike! Quick, help!" Tim was talking before he even had the door open properly.

Looking up from the Christmas tree he was happily (and somewhat childishly) decorating on the screen of the laptop, Mike saw his brother half carrying someone through the door.

"What the hell?" Tim had gone out to the car for a jacket which, for reasons known only to Tim, he had neglected to bring in when they checked in. "Damn it, Tim." Mike batted at the papers blowing off the table in the bitter wind and quickly crossed the room to close the door and shut it out. 

By the time he turned from the door, Tim was lowering the person, a young woman, onto the nearest bed. 

As Tim tore the bed apart to wrap the covers around her, Mike realised two things: the woman's clothes, too light for the heavy weather, were wet; and it was his bed Tim was destroying. "You just had to wreck my bed, didn't you, Timmy?" Mike grouched as he assessed the situation.

The girl was obviously freezing, her skin ivory pale, lips blue, eyes closed. Violent shudders periodically wracked her body. She was still conscious, sort of, trying to help Tim but unable to coordinate her movements. "Where'd you find her?" Mike looked up at Tim as he began stripping off her thin coat and the sodden shirt beneath.

"She stumbled into the car park just as I got to the car. What are you doing?"

"Get undressed and get under the covers." Mike was now working on removing her shoes and jeans. "Mike!" Tim couldn't believe it.

"Tim, snap out of it. Those clothes are wet. She's beyond making her own body heat, if we don't warm her up, she'll die. There's no bath in here, she can't stand under the shower and there's no way we can drive in this weather. You got a better idea?"

Tim blinked, and then quickly began unbuttoning his shirt. Mike was right. Her skin was icily cold.

By the time Mike had her sodden clothes off; Tim was lying in the bed, clad only in his underwear. He gently took the woman, also only in bra and knickers, laying her against his chest, the cold making his skin jump.

Tim cuddled her close in the, thankfully, double bed. He smiled, remembering the glee with which Mike had claimed the bed as a right of the older brother, leaving Tim to the single. Guess he'd lost it now.

Mike was rummaging through his bag, obviously looking for something and muttering about never being able to find things when he needed them. 

"Ha! Gotcha!" With an I-knew-this-would-come-in-handy-I'm-such-a-clever-boy look on his face, Mike approached the bed with possibly the ugliest beanie ever made. Stripes of colour in gay disregard to fashion, taste or possible eyesight damage: lime green, fire engine red, hi-lighter blue, screaming orange, lemon yellow and all topped off with a puce pompom on top. He put it on the shivering woman's head. Then moved to the air conditioner on the wall and turned it to maximum heat.

"Oh god, Mike, there's a plain black one in my bag." Tim's eyes were screwed against the glare of Mike's delightful headwear. Mike just grinned and headed into the bathroom to fill the kettle. "You just concentrate on warming her up, Timmy boy. I'll get something warm to drink happening. You've got some of that arty farty tea here somewhere, haven't you?" 

***

Amy was cold. Deep inside where she lived, she was cold. For awhile it was all she was. She barely noticed the warm bare chest against hers, or the strong muscular arms holding her close. She was just cold.

When that man had taken hold of her and brought her inside, she knew she was safe, and stopped fighting the lethargy building within her. She let them undress her and put her to bed. She wasn't sure why, but she was so tired. It was just too much work to open her eyes, or try to speak.

She lay, not quite asleep, just accepting of her fate, hearing the byplay between the two men but not really listening. She was cold and she let her mind drift.

***

"How's she doing?" Mike sat on the edge of the bed and gently stroked her face. It was still cold, but her lips were no longer blue. "Come to that, how are you doing?" He said pointedly at Tim.

Tim sighed. Mike had been looking after him ever since they were kids, and sometimes forgot Tim was well and truly grown up now.

"I'm fine, dude. She's like cuddling an iceberg, but she's not shivering as badly any more. You need to shed some clothes, Mike." Tim could see Mike sweating in the elevated room temperature, his heavy shirt no longer necessary.

Mike grunted. Until Tim had mentioned it, he hadn't noticed, being too preoccupied with the woman's distress to notice his own. He ditched his boots and peeled off the heavy shirt and T-shirt beneath then turned back toward the bed. "Don't stop there," the woman's eyes were open and she was smiling at him.

Mike gave her his best you-ain't-seen-nothing-yet smirk. "Nice to meet you too, sweetheart." The smirk turned slightly serious. "Must be time for tea."

He passed a significant look to Tim and headed for the kettle, fussing around like an old woman with cups and spoons.

Amy felt rather than heard the snorted chuckle from the man beside her. Turning to look at him properly for the first time, she suddenly realised just what a damn fine specimen he was. And she was in bed with him, wearing not a whole lot. Getting extremely cold certainly had its up side!

"You brought me in, didn't you?" She vaguely remembered. 

"Yeah. Hope you don't mind the liberties we took." He was obviously slightly embarrassed. Now that she was fully awake, parts of him were beginning to wake up to the fact that he was semi-naked in bed with a semi-naked and rather attractive woman.

"Liberties? Hardly. I'm still breathing, ain't I? But I do mind that I don't know your name yet." Her eyes were twinkling and her still semi numb hands were stroking that awfully nice chest.

He gasped as her fingers fumbled across his nipples. "I'm Tim. That's my brother Mike."

"Well, Tim, I'm Amy, and it seems I owe you a big thankyou for saving my life out there." The fingers were now warming to their task and slowly circling down the chest and across that oh-so-fine stomach. Amy leaned in and kissed him. A full body contact kiss.

"Damn, it's getting hot in here." Mike's voice was over loud and over chirpy. "Think I'll take a shower." And he disappeared into the bathroom. The sound of running water began exactly five seconds later.

"He's right, you know. It is getting hot in here," Amy breathed into Tim's ear, her fingers now creeping under the elastic edge of his boxers and sliding them down to stroke the now fully awake part. "Hello there. You certainly seem pleased to see me."

Tim's eyes rolled as she shook hands. The careful reserve in which he held himself so much switched off at the same moment. 

He grabbed her, his mouth seeking hers, his kiss full, hard and insistent. His large hands began to explore her body urgently, tracing the lines of her bra to the clasps at the back and quickly but clumsily undoing them, as if it'd been a while since he'd performed this trick on a regular basis. Now he was stroking and squeezing her breasts, the bra tossed aside, his mouth moving from hers, down her neck and across her collarbones, inching lower to engulf one erect nipple, while his fingers played with the other.

His other hand was moving south, circling her belly and sliding down. Amy felt it tease under her panties and raised her hips to help him remove them.

She wasn't cold anymore. Definitely not. Little sparks of sensation were flying through her body from her nipples. And as Tim's mouth moved south she was heating up nicely, thank you. Tim's fingers had found their goal and were now making lazy circles around her clit, around and down, then back up again. That part of her was definitely warm. And wet. And welcoming.

Her hands were busy too, one caressing this gorgeous man's torso, fingers gently rubbing across the hard muscles. The other was caressing something even harder, that grew and jerked beneath her touch. God but she wanted to feel that inside her.

"Are you sure?" He asked, as his hips and hers rolled and writhed on each other's hands.

In answer she rolled him onto his back and climbed on top, lowering herself onto his shaft, her hand guiding him home. 

What little cold remained was banished as she felt the delicious hot hard heat of him slide in, deeper and deeper, taking her breath away. Then back out again, leaving her aching and empty. And back in to fill her again. It was divine. She moaned and sighed, Tim's hands on her hips guiding her up and down.

Suddenly she felt another hand, stroking and fondling her breasts, hot breath on her neck as he reached in to kiss her where her neck and shoulder met. She arched to meet his mouth, amazed at the possibility. Mike was behind her, fresh out of the shower and out of his towel. His eyes smouldered, his hard manhood pressing against her back as he fondled her breasts and kissed her neck.

"Not sure you're hot enough yet, babe. What do you think?" He began rubbing her ass, tickling along the cleft.

"Oh, god, yes," Amy was already well on the way to heaven, but the thought of taking both these beautiful men at once was almost too much for her. She reached behind her and grasped Mike, squeezing and stroking hard.

"Steady babe. Easy does it. We'll get there."

Mike's hands left her as he rocked back. Then they returned, spreading her cheeks, something cold and wet landed on her cleft. Mike had found some hand cream in the bathroom.

Tim held her still, his manhood buried deep inside her as Mike positioned himself. Slowly but firmly he entered, steadily forcing himself into her, groaning at the tightness of her.

The sensation was immense. Amy held her breath and then whimpered as the overwhelming fullness took her. She quivered, so unbelievably full, unable to move, not game to breathe – the sensation was so much any change would be too much.

Neither man moved, understanding her need for time. Time for her body to adjust and time for her mind to adjust as well. Gradually the tension eased in her, the oh-so-full almost pain receding to absolute total pleasure and she relaxed against the two men. 

Tim took this as his cue and eased out as Mike, who was desperate to move, eased in, sending waves of sensation through her, her entire nervous system focussed on the feelings deep within her. Each movement sent little shocks to a central zone which grew fuller and fuller, sending out little zaps to her brain as the sensation grew.

Gradually the pace and depth of their thrusts increased. Amy couldn't believe the feeling, couldn't have described it if someone offered her a million quid. She was crying out, her mind open only to the sensation of the two men working within her, the sounds of their arousal, their hands caressing her body. 

Mike's breath was coming in short grunts, gusting against her neck. He was obviously nearly there. Convulsively he grabbed her breasts and thrust hard into her, groaning as he came deep in her arse.

This added sensation took Tim over the brink too and Amy could feel her climax building, higher and higher, impossibly high until it burst and she collapsed onto Tim's chest, moaning and sobbing as the wave crashed over her, making her body shake and wiping her mind of everything.

***

As she came back to the world, Amy felt Mike leave her body and the bed. Tim was cradling her in his arms, his manhood slowly shrinking out of her. A warm glow pervaded her body, leaving her tingling and her nerve endings buzzing lightly.

Tim smiled down at her, and gently swiped a lock of hair off her face. "Don't think that's the textbook technique for curing hypothermia, but it certainly seemed to work," he whispered. "How the heck did you end up out there?"

Amy chuckled and then replied: "My sister thought it'd be a great lark to leave me a mile from the motel and make me walk in. Neither of us realised how damned cold it really was."

She snuggled against Tim's chest and let her eyes wander across to Mike's magnificent back view as he once again fussed with the kettle, really making tea this time.

"She'll kill me when she finds out just what a great Christmas present she was giving me."  

Thank you for reading. Your vote is important to me. If you read this far, please take a moment to vote and, perhaps, comment on this story.