 I had planned for weeks the way I would unveil myself for Annual Nude Day. I did double work outs, went to the tanning salon, had everything waxed, buffed, and shined, ready for my public debut. I was so nervous, but I was determined to go through with it, aiming for a Lady Godiva type of effect if I should be asked to leave. 

At 7:30, I left the house in an overcoat and a pair of (how appropriate) nude colored heels and nothing else. I made my usual 20 minute commute to downtown, stopped for my usual coffee on the way into the office, and at 8:00, after setting down my purse in my cubicle, I took off my coat and hung it on my coat rack. It was always a little nippy in the office, but I decided this would be a good thing for the display of my 36 C breasts. They were ever so much perkier with nipples in good standing.

As the rest of my co-workers slowly trickled in, most people just called over the cube wall, "Hey Jane," or "Good morning, Janie." I called back and continued about my work reviewing statistics for a particularly troublesome client.

Suddenly, I heard Scott, my across-the-way cubicle neighbor, take a sharp inhale at my doorway. He was staring at my breasts, mouth agape.

"Hi Scottie," I said, smiling to myself, but turning back to my computer screen.

"Am I awake? Are you really naked?" He said, stammering, but not very loudly.

"Happy Annual Nude Day," I said with a wink.

Scott was a nice looking 40-something bachelor—a little on the nerdy side, but still cute. We were break buddies, going for short walks in the afternoon, sometimes sneaking a late lunch across town so we could have a margarita with our Tex-Mex and no co-worker tattlers to tell on us.

He grabbed my coat and threw it over me. "You have got to put this on!" he whispered loudly, tucking the edges around my hips.

"No, I don't, silly boy. It's a free country." I whispered back, pushing his hands and my coat away.

"I don't want you to get fired! You think they are just going to let this slide?" He was frantic and looking around for something else to throw over me.

"Depends on what's going to be sliding," I said through down-turned lashes.

"Oh, Janie, cut it out. What will I do if you aren't here? I'll lose my mind with all these lunatics around here," he said, now kneeling in front of me and trying to pull the coat back up.

"Why not take your clothes off, too, and see what happens?" I challenged him.

He tilted his head, looked down at my nipples peeking over the edge of the coat, looked down at his own semi-erect crotch, and shook his head no. "I damn sure can't go around sporting a stiffy all day."

"Aw, Scott, I didn't know you cared," I said sincerely. I was flattered. Scott seemed so "big-brotherly" towards me, I thought he wasn't interested in younger women. "How about we get rid of it in the supply closet?"

"What?" He smiled with a "your crazy" look on his face, but pressed down on his crotch now noticeably tented. 

"Free love and peace, dude. That's what Annual Nude Day is about, isn't it?" I lifted a bare foot and rubbed the bulge in his pants. "Maybe not, but still. Come on. Offer is good for today only."

I grabbed him by the tie and led him out of my cubicle, past Will's cube, Kara's cube, and around the corner to the wide-open hallway toward the cafeteria. No one was there. I punched in the supply closet code and pulled Scott in behind me, clicking the door closed behind us. The boss keeps the supply closet keypad-locked to keep out the pen thieves—only Kara, me, and Mr. Jackson (the boss) have the code. I figured we'd be relatively safe from discovery.

I flipped on the light and Scott was already one leg out of his pants. I reached for his double-windsor knot and began to unwind it as I pulled him in for a kiss. Scott didn't skip a beat and kicked off the other leg, grabbing my face in his hands and pushing me up against the wall. 

"I have wanted to do this for so long, now," he said huskily before planting his mouth over mine, as if with hunger. His tongue thrust into my mouth with intent, not force, and wound around mine as if teasing me. He pressed the length of his body against mine and his hard cock settled right against my already wet pussy. I wanted him inside of me and reached for his shaft, but he grabbed my hands and pushed them against the wall, too.

"No, missy. You got us in here, but I'm taking over now." He raised my hands over my head and held my wrists in one hand. With the other hand, he grasped my breast and lowered his mouth to the nipple, sucking hard and fast, as if he might actually expect to get something out of it. I moaned with pleasure and pressed into him from chest to hip.

"Take off your shirt, Scottie," I whispered. "I want to see you, too."

He continued to suck, but used his free hand to take off his tie and unbutton the shirt. He was well-tanned and muscular in a lean way and he had a small amount of curly hair on his chest, which I found so sexy. He switched to my other breast and then used his free hand to slide between my legs. 

"Oh god, Scott, yes," I said, surprised he could pinpoint my clit so instantly—most men fumbled around the female anatomy like they had no idea what they were doing. 

"You like that, Janie? Tell me, again," he said, suddenly kissing me again. He pulled back to stare into my eyes. It was the first time I really noticed the depth of his brown eyes—speckled with gold and green. 

"Yes, Scott, yesssss," I said, writhing into his hand, still wishing for his cock to be deep inside me already. 

All of a sudden, the closet door swung open and there stood Kara and Will with shocked faces. 

"Get inside," Scott said, all business.

Will and Kara took a step inside, looking at each of us back and forth. "What the hell are you doing?" Kara asked. "We saw you walk by completely stark naked!" 

"She didn't believe it, but I saw you, too," Will said, staring at Scott's hand between my legs. The bulge in his pants was growing more evident by the second.

"It's Annual Nude Day," I said, gulping down another groan of pleasure. I was completely shocked at Scott's daring. He had not stopped for a moment and still held my hands over my head in a way I found exciting.

"Stay and watch or leave and shut-up about it," Scott said, sucking my breast hard again, still rubbing my clit with his hand.

"Or join in," I said, banging my head against the wall with the jolt of an on-coming orgasm.

"I-I can't," Kara said, mesmerized by the sight of us before her. Her nipples were visibly hard through her blouse.

"I-I'm married," Will said, rubbing his erection through his pants.

"Me, too," Kara said, suddenly taking notice of Will and his state of arousal.

"Then?" I said, looking at them both as Scott switched breasts again.

"This is insane," Will said, shaking his head and looking at Kara. "I won't tell if you won't tell. Only this once. You and Jane are the only ones who can get in here."

"And Mr. Jackson," she said, biting her lower lip.

"He won't be in for another hour," Will said.

I totally lost track of their conversation and complete whereabouts when Scott suddenly thrust his fingers into my pussy. He kissed me, releasing my hands and pulling me close to him. He swallowed my screams of delight as an orgasm pounded down through my body. It just kept coming and I realized he was still working my clit with his hand as he slid his fingers in and out, more and more deeply.

I finally broke the kiss and commanded him, "Give it to me, now!"

He smiled and turned me around, using his hand to guide his throbbing cock into my still pulsing pussy. He let out a low "oh god, sweet Jane, you are so fucking tight," with a hard breath.

I noticed at this point between thrusts that Kara was gone and Will remained, now just a foot or two away from me, stroking his penis from his open fly. As Scott continued to pound me from behind, he cupped my breasts and stood me up as far as I could without losing the angle for his cock to keep thrusting. Will seemed shy, but inched closer and closer to me, finally, putting his fingers between my legs, too, feeling for my clit. I was so engorged at this point, it was easy to find.

"Oh god, that's so awesome," Will breathed, slowly kneeling in front of me and moving to put his mouth on my clit. I was so completely shocked, but I so wanted it to happen, too. It took timing and cooperation from Scott, but after a couple of strokes, Will caught the rhythm and began to suck my clit as Scott continued to pound my pussy and pinch my now painfully hard nipples. 

"Shit, Janie, I'm going to come," Scott said close to my ear. "I want to make it last, but I can't."

"Give it to me, baby. I'm on the pill. Come inside me, please, Scott. Come inside me," I begged. Knowing he was approaching climax and Will's dutiful ministrations to my clit already had me hovering near the brink of my second orgasm, but this one would be so much better with Scott inside of me.

Like a tidal wave of energy crashing over us, Scott and I came together, both of us trying not to make too much noise as it happened, but it was hard, and I know at least one loud "YES!" escaped my throat.

Scott stopped and Will kept it going, sucking hard enough for the orgasm to cycle up and down my spine over and over again, until I couldn't hardly stand. 

"Will, my god. Stop. Let me," I said, pulling away from him and pulling him to his feet by his collar. Then I knelt down to his massive cock—and circled it with my mouth.

"I don't fucking believe this," he whispered. I cradled his balls in one hand, while I circled the other around the base of his shaft, aiming it down toward me. He gasped and leaned into me so that I had to take almost the whole length. I relaxed my throat and on the next suck, I took him all the way in, and squeezed his balls at the same time.

"Did you know she could...do...this?" Will asked Scott, who was now watching this show with an appreciative look on his face. 

"No idea. Sweet Jane was just so sweet. I always wanted her, but...wow," Scott admitted.

I took Will's cock out of my mouth long enough to say, "Um, I'm still right here."

"And I'm still watching," Scott said, sweetly. I knew he meant he wasn't going to leave me in this situation alone.

"Jane?" Will asked. "Can I? Can I feel your pussy?" 

I let go of his penis and stood again, I turned to face Scott, and Will quickly dropped his pants and entered me slowly. Scott was sitting on an old office chair, and if I didn't know better, he was already half-hard again.

"What's this?" I asked, wrapping my fingers around him. Will pulled out all the way and slid slowly all the way back in.

"You are just that hot," he whispered.

Will pulled out all the way, then plunged his entire shaft into me deeply. I gasped loudly at the shock of it and squeezed Scott's penis. Again and again, Will did the slow plunging stroke until I was close to climax again. Scott's penis was all the way hard, too, and I pulled him to me, taking him into my mouth. As Will fucked me hard and slow, I sucked Scott to match the stroke. 

Just then, I heard an "ahem," behind us and we all stopped moving, but didn't move apart. Mr. Jackson stood inside the closet with us, with the door closed. He was an early 50-something guy, gray at the temples, but tall and lanky. Someone said once that he had been in the military and still ran 10k races and marathons for fun.

"Annual Nude Day?" he asked.

We all nodded, still connected by penis/pussy/mouth/penis.

"Can you keep it down? You've attracted a crowd outside the door," he said, hands in pockets, as if he were trying to hide his own possible blossoming erection.

"Yes, sir," Scott said. Will and I were silent, but nodded.

"And I'll overlook this office misconduct on two conditions. One. You must all remain nude for the rest of the day. Two. Jane, see me in my office when you're...finished here."

"Yes, sir," I said, letting Scott's penis flip out of my mouth.

"Carry on," he said, sliding sideways out the door and clicking it tightly behind him. We heard muffled voices outside, but quickly slipped back into the rhythm of sucking and fucking.

"Wait, Jane. Wait!" Scott stopped me.

"I'm going to come again and I wondered if you could indulge me in a dirty fantasy," he said. Will was picking up speed and I was going to come again soon, too.

"Can I...can we...double up on you?" he asked. I was confused about what he meant.

"You know double penetration? Pussy and anal at the same time..." he said in a low voice.

"How? But doesn't that hurt? I don't want it to hurt me," I said. 

Will suddenly stopped and turned toward one of the supply cabinets. He dug through a box or two before he found what he was looking for...he came back with a first aid kit and popped it open to reveal a big tube of Neosporin. 

"This will help," he said. "I'm the floor safety inspector. Kara ordered this kit for last year's supply. It's petroleum-based, like Vaseline."

"Okay," I smiled. "But do it slow and stop if I say stop."

"Of course, Janie," Scott said, taking the tube and squirting a healthy dollop on his hard cock. Then he put a generous amount on his finger and slid it between my cheeks, covering my anus well with the stuff. He slowly worked a finger into my hole, pressing gently. With more Neosporin, he pushed in two fingers. 

Will was slowly stroking himself to keep himself hard, but watched intently as Scott stood me up facing the wall, spread my cheeks, then slowly pressed his penis into my anus. At first, it was okay...just pressure...but as he got deeper, it began to feel like a shooting pain up my back.

"OW!" I said, feeling a little panicked.

"Okay, shush. It's okay. I'll go slower," Scott said, pulling out, then pushing in again. He went out and in several times, each time going in was a little deeper. I whimpered each time, but over came the pain with an intense feeling of connection and like a whole new world of possibility was being introduced to me. Will reached out and pinched one of my nipples. Scott turned my head and kissed me over my shoulder while he made the last final push inside of me. I yelped, but the pain went away quickly, and I began to feel this strange vibration running through me.

"I'm not going to move yet, but I'm going to face you toward Will," he said into my ear. He wrapped his arms around me and lifted my feet off the ground enough for him to turn 45 degrees. Will was hard and ready to slide his cock into my now even tighter, wetter pussy.

As soon as the head of his shaft was in my vag, I threw back my head in a sudden shock of pleasure. Scott seized my mouth and kissed me roughly, trying to keep my cries quieted to the crowd outside.

"God, this is like, amazing," Will said, bending down to suck one of my now upthrusted breasts. All the sucking and penetration sensations were overloading my brain and I could feel myself focusing on just those things—nothing else existed but the two cocks inside of me and the mouths on my skin. Then, they began to move. At first, Scott was pulling out as Will was sliding in, then Scott was sliding in and out for every three strokes of Will's, then they were both pumping into me simultaneously. I could feel myself losing it—I was going to scream and I couldn't hold on to Scott from behind me. I grabbed Will's head and planted a kiss on him like I was trying to save my own life. In seconds, I was rocked head-to-toe by the hardest orgasm I have ever felt. Both Scott and Will were coming, too, and it was the most incredible sensation I have ever known...two hard cocks pumping cum into my pulsing body...it was like electricity swirled around us and sparks flew off our heads. I can't explain it any other way.

When we all came down from the high, we were still joined together. 

"Well, Will, I guess we're better friends after today," I laughed weakly.

"Yeah, I guess you could say that. But I'm sorry—sort of. I didn't really mean to get so carried away...but you're so hot and there you were with Scott and...I'm sorry," he seemed so remorseful, it was pitiful and funny at the same time.

"We'll tell everyone that you were just watching us. Your wife will never know," I said, understanding why he was feeling low now.

"And Mr. Jackson?" he looked up, a tad perkier.

"I'll make sure he understands the situation when I see him later today," I said with a wink.

"Thanks, Janie. I'm going to go out first. Naked. I think I'll have to explain THAT to my wife. I'll say it was a bet," he said, half talking to himself.

Scott was still inside of my ass as Will slid out the door sideways. We heard a gasp, followed by some cheers and wolf-whistles.

"Maybe they'll disperse after he goes," Scott offered.

"What just happened, here?" I asked.

"Between us, you mean?" he asked in response.

"Yeah. Didn't you feel it?" I asked, hoping he would say yes.

"Janie, I have felt something close to this for you for almost a year now. I didn't think you'd want to be with me. I'm so much older than you," he said, pulling out and turning me to face him.

"What are you saying? You've felt like fucking me for over a year or you feel something for me?" I was really confused by his word choice and of course I wanted it to be not just sex. I stared at his chest and turned a tuft of hair around my finger.

"Well, both, to be honest." He smiled, taking my hand and lifting it to his lips.

I smiled, shyly. "Why didn't you say something?"

"I'm a chicken shit when it comes to getting shot down," he said. 

"So, now how do you feel about sharing me with Will and Mr. Jackson, apparently?"

"One time thing, right?" he asked, a serious note in his voice.

"Uh, yeah." I laughed.

"Then fine with me," he said, slapping my ass lightly, "But if you do it again, I'll have to punish you." He pulled my head down and kissed me again, hard and thorough, as if staking some kind of claim.

"Understood. Ready to face the crowd?" I asked, still hearing voices outside the door. I wiped myself down with paper towels from the supply closet and handed some to him.

"Let's go. I have a feeling this is going to be a busy closet today," he said, gathering up his clothes and shoes before turning the knob.