 A few days earlier, I had instructed my chief medic to perform a "short arm" inspection on all the male soldiers assigned to my company.

I could tell he was embarrassed being told by a female officer to conduct a "short arms" inspection. A "short arm" inspection is a medical examination of the penis to determine if the male has any sexually transmitted diseases. 

Laughing I tell him, "Don't be embarrassed. Just get everyone checked out. Let me know if anyone has any problems."

Everyone was surprised when I was first woman selected to command this company. The men at first question my authority, but quickly learned I was a competent and fair commander. I took no bullshit from anyone and I protected my men. The men respected me for that, especially the medics. It seems that under the previous commander the medics had gotten a bad reputation for being lazy and not working hard. I found out that basically no one had ever really given them any responsibilities or told them what was expect of them. Once I instructed them on their responsibilities and told them what was required of them, they preformed outstandingly.

I overhead one of the medics telling another one, "Captain Simmons is okay. She really stood up for us today at the meeting when some one said we were lazy and not doing our jobs. She jumped all over his ass."

The other medic agreed with him and said, "I really would like to jump all over her ass, she is really one hot babe."

"No shit," the other one replied.

Smiling to myself I thought, "Well I guess I am doing my job right, they seem to be respecting me. As to jumping my ass, I did find all of them very attractive and sexy. It has been a while since someone had really jumped my ass."

A few days later my company clerk came into my office saying, "Captain Simmons, the chief medic is on the phone. He would like to set up an appointment with you to go over the results of the medical exams."

"Tell him I will stop by the infirmary at the end of the work day and we can discuss the exams then," I replied knowing that it would also allow me to inspect how they were maintaining the infirmary."

My clerk replied, "Will do, Captain."

As I leave the office I tell my clerk, "That's it for the day. I am headed over to the infirmary and then will go home. Go ahead and take off, I will see you in the morning." 

All four medics come to attention as I enter the infirmary. I tell them at ease, as I look around checking out the infirmary remarking, "The area really looks great, I can see you have all done a lot of hard work."

The medics smile and I see they really appreciate that I noticed all the hard work that they had accomplished since the last time I inspected the infirmary.

"What were the results of the short arms inspections?" I ask the chief medic.

Handing me a clipboard with his report he replies, "We had eight soldiers who show signs of sexually transmitted diseases. They were all referred to the hospital for further evaluation. I will monitor their status and keep you informed."

"That's good work. By the way Chief, did you and the other medics go to the hospital to be checked out?"

"No Captain, we checked each other out. We were all clean."

Frowning I reply, "I don't know about you all checking each other out. You should all be check by someone else."

The chief medic says, "I will make sure all of us get checked out at the hospital."

I decide that I would do the inspections myself so I tell him, "No need for that, I will perform the short arms inspection myself."

Surprised he says, "You are going to do the inspection?"

I reply, "Don't worry, one of the classes at command school was on controlling STDs in your unit and we had a film we watched about what to check and look for. So I know what to do."

I walk over the counter and pick up a pair of rubber gloves. As I put the gloves on, I tell them, "Come boys, whip them out and let me check them. That's an order, soldiers" 

Embarrassed, they all drop their pants and shorts exposing their dicks. Walking over to the chief medic, I look down at his dick. He is cut; about six inches and has very thick black pubic hair. I attempt to be professional and remember how it was done in the training film. However, I quickly realize this is no training film. Here are four very athletic attractive young men with their pants down around their ankles with their dicks hanging out for me to inspect.

Taking his dick in my hand, I raise it up and check it for any discoloring, abrasions or sores as the film instructed. Letting go of his dick, I cup his balls in my hands feeling for any swelling. I look up at him telling him, "Ok everything looks ok."

I take off my gloves and put another pair on. As I turn to the next medic, I notice that the chief medic is still standing there with his pants around his ankles and dick hanging out. Finding that very exciting, I go on to the next medic who also is cut but he is completely shaven. No pubic hair at all, not even on his balls. Again I perform the inspection and find nothing wrong.

The next medic is black and while putting on new gloves I notice his soft dick hangs way down over his balls requiring me to grab on to his dick to pull it to the side so I can check out his balls. Again I perform the inspection and fine nothing wrong.

With fresh gloves I turn to the last medic. He is the youngest one of all and is the one who said he like to jump my ass. He sort of looks like my first boyfriend in high school and I think back to those times I would stoke my boyfriend off at the drive-in movies. His pubic hair is trimmed and he is uncut. I take his dick in my hand and hold it up checking as I did the others. Since he is uncut I have to pull back on his foreskin to expose the head of his dick. His foreskin slips out of my fingers and slides back down over the head of his dick. I pull it back again, this time holding on to it tighter. I feel his dick growing in my hand and I release it. I cup his balls, squeeze them and find nothing abnormal. By this time his dick is hard and he is bright red with embarrassment. Smiling at him I say, "Don't be embarrassed, that is a perfectly normal male response."

All four medics are stilling standing there with their pants around their ankles and their dicks exposed. The youngest medic's had this huge hard-on sticking straight out from his body. I turn around and walk over the counter. Leaning over the counter I sign off on all their records stating I had done the inspection. I feel their eyes on my ass. I am wearing my Class A uniform and while regulations state how long the skirt has to be, I sometimes push the limit and wear it a little shorter.

Today I am wearing my shortest skirt. Wiggling my ass I ask the one with the hard-on, "So you like to jump my ass?"

I hear him gasp saying, "Uh, uh, no."

I turn to him saying, "That's what you said the other day. Have you changed your mind? Do you not find my ass attractive?"

He says, "Yes, I find your ass attractive. But you are my commander."

I reply, "Yes I am your commander and you must do what I tell you. Now all of you get out of your clothes. I want you all naked." 

They quickly take off the rest of their clothes. It excites me very much seeing them all naked. I take off my clothes, stripping very slowly and seductively for them. Standing nude in front of them, I notice that all of their dicks are hard and sticking out. I walk up and down the line touching and playing with their dicks and balls. I hear them moan as I stroke their dicks and squeeze their balls. I go over to the exam table and sit on the end of the table saying, "Come take me boys, make me feel real good."

The first one to reach me kisses me on the mouth very gently. He takes my face in his hands and as he feels me kiss him back the touches my lips with his tongue. I touch his tongue with my tongue and he French kisses me.

As he kisses me, I feel hands touch my breasts. I look and see two medics on each side of me, each of them cupping and caressing a breast. I feel them kiss my breasts and run their tongues around and over my nipples. I lay back on the table enjoying having my breasts and nipples kissed and sucked by two different men. The medic kissing me moves to the front of the table and kisses me again. As he is kissing me, my breasts and nipples are being kissed and sucked, I feel hands on the inside of my thighs. My thighs are gently pushed apart and I feel butterfly kisses on the inside of my thighs. My ass quivers as the kisses move up my thighs to my pussy.

I feel his mouth touch my pussy lips and his tongue running over my lips. As he slides his tongue between my pussy lips I moan. I arch my hips up into his face as he slides his tongue into my pussy. The medic kissing me moves to side of me, as I turn to look at him, I see his dick. Kissing his dick, I lick around the head of his dick and take him in my mouth. I feel my clit being kissed very slowly and feel a finger touching my pussy. His tongue moves over and around my clit, licking the side of my clit. As my clit hardens, I thrust up to meet his mouth and feel him flick his tongue back and forth across my clit.

I turn my head to the other side and kiss another dick. I run my tongue around and over the head of his dick. As I take him in my mouth, I feel both of my breasts being kissed and sucked. My clit is hard and I feel his tongue licking and going around my clit as he kisses my clit. I am so close to cumming. It is so exciting having four men kissing and sucking me while I suck on their dicks. My ass is quivering and I push my hips up to him as he kisses my clit and fingers my pussy. I scream, "Oh yes, that's it right there on my clit just do that, just like that. Mmmm, oh yes you are going to make me cum. Oh yes, I am cumming, cumming so hard."

As I lay there after an extremely hard climax, I look up and see all fours guys playing with their dicks. I get excited again realizing that they have not cum yet, that they had just made me get off. I smile at them saying, "That was very nice, you guys really made me cum hard. Now, I want to make you all cum."

One of them gets on his back on the exam table and I climb up on his dick and take him in my pussy. I feel kisses on my ass as I ride up and down his dick. Hands squeeze my ass cheeks and gently pull them apart. I feel a kiss on my ass and a tongue running around my ass. I moan I feel his tongue flicking on my asshole. I take turns going back and forth kissing and sucking the other two medic's dicks.

With a dick in my pussy, I feel a dick touch my ass. I feel how hot and hard it is as he rubs is all over my ass. He puts the head of his dick against my asshole and I push my ass back to him as he pushes his dick inside of me. I moan as it hurts at first, but as he moves slowly in and out it begins to feel nice and I tell him, "Yes fuck my ass!"

With a dick in my pussy and a dick in my ass I begin sucking on a dick while stroking the other dick. With dicks thrusting in and out of my pussy and ass, I am just about over the edge. I have dream about being fuck by more than one man for years. Now four hot sexy young men are fucking me.

I hear the guys moaning and they tell me they are all about to cum.

I tell them, "Come for me, cum hard, I am cumming with you." I have one dick in my mouth and stoking the other dick as I feel them start cumming. The one I am sucking cums hard in my mouth and the one I stroking shoots his hot cum all over me. Thrusting up and down as dicks go in and out of my ass and pussy I feel them both cumming in me and I cum yelling, "Oh God, oh yes, Mmmm!"

After everyone relaxes and catches their breath, one of the medics goes into the shower room and turns on the shower. The chief medic picks me up with his strong arms and carries me to the shower room. Their strong hands soap and wash my body. They dry me off and put a robe around me. They take my hand and lead me back to the exam room. I see my clothes neatly folded and lying on the exam table. They tell me they will be right outside in the other room and they leave, allowing me the privacy to dress myself. I am touched by the gentleness and loving way they bathed and dried me off. I dress and go out into the other office. They too, are now dressed and all come to attention when I walk in the room.

I tell them at ease. I am not sure how to handle the situation. I am their commander and I am not sure this was the smartest the thing to do.

I hear the chief medic say, "Captain Simmons, we just want you to know that we are proud to be a part of you company. We want to thank you for what you have done for us and to let you know we will follow you to hell and back."

I reply, "That is a very kind of you all to say that. I am proud to be your commander." They open the door for me saying, "Captain have a good night." "Good night," I say as I go out the door to go home.