 Cammie and Terry struggled with the heavy box, one on each end, attempting to get it down the stairs leading from Cammie's apartment. Cammie swore she'd never live in a second floor apartment again; running up and down the stairs on a daily basis was bad enough, but when it came to moving everything you own it really sucked. Every trip to the moving van was twice as difficult.

"Whatcha got in here anyway," Terry asked, "a dead body?"

"Just a few books," Cammie replied.

"Well it feels like you've got a whole fucking library in here!" Terry complained good-naturedly. 

"I really appreciate you guys helping me move," Cammie said, "I'm going to owe you both big time."

"That's true, you will!" Terry teased. "I'll have to give some thought as to what a suitable compensation might be. But tonight, we want to celebrate your moving in with Alec. Mike and I want you guys to come over to our house for dinner and drinks. Maybe we can play some cards."

"That's nice of you to ask, but we'll all probably be awfully tired after all this lifting!"

"No problem. After a pitcher or two of Mike's famous margaritas, nobody will be feeling any pain," Terry said, grinning. Cammie agreed, saying she'd check with Alec.

They finally got the box down the stairs, and with a mighty heave they slid it up into the moving van Cammie and Alec had rented. Terry sat down on the curb with a sigh and lit a cigarette. Cammie sat down on the grass next to her for a quick break. They were almost done with loading up her stuff but still had the job of unloading at Alec's condo.

Terry grinned at her best friend. "I still can't believe how well you and Alec have hit it off. You've only known each other for six months and you're already moving in together. Next thing you know you'll be getting married!"

"I can't believe it either! Meeting Alec has been the best thing that's ever happened to me. We're both so happy. And to think, you and Mike are responsible for getting us together." She smiled warmly at Terry while absentmindedly pushing a lock of her thick auburn hair out of her eyes.

"Yeah, I'm glad we kept twisting your arm until you agreed to meet him. But that's all we did. You and Alec fucked each other's brains out and fell in love all on your own!" Terry quipped.

Cammie really was happier than she'd ever been before. She thought back on the six month whirlwind romance she and Alec had shared. They had known they were sexually compatible from the very first night they'd met. Since then there had been countless bouts of sweet lovemaking and also animalistic fucking. She still couldn't get enough of him and even thinking about him still made her go wet between the legs.

Their intense sexual relationship quickly blossomed into love. They were now virtually inseparable, spending every spare moment together and hungrily learning everything possible about each other. And now they were taking the next logical step...moving in together.

Cammie was thrilled to be moving out of her apartment to be with Alec. She loved the thought of being able to fall asleep in his arms every night, and wake up next to his incredible body every morning. There would be no more lonely nights filled with wishful thinking and sexual self gratification.

Terry finished her cigarette and stood, raising her arms up over her head and stretching. She was a tiny thing, only five two, and weighed about a hundred pounds soaking wet. She was very young looking, and she routinely had to prove her age with identification when entering clubs or buying cigarettes.

"Well, the sooner we get back to work the sooner we'll get finished, and the sooner we can party!" she said, her dark brown eyes sparkling.

They went back inside just in time to see Alec and Mike struggling down the stairs with Cammie's dresser on a dolly. Mike was swearing continuously as he stood in front of the dresser, trying to balance it as Alec held the dolly and worked it down, one step at a time.

Cammie beamed up at Alec, appreciatively noticing the way his arm muscles bulged with effort. He grinned back and said, "At times like this I bet the whole 'being the weaker sex thing' really seems like a good deal, doesn't it?" 

"Aww, poor baby," Cammie cooed. "I promise I'll make all this hard work worth your while," she added with a suggestive smile.

"And how about me? What do I get out of this?" Mike teased in a demanding tone.

"My eternal gratitude! And don't ask me for anything more than that or you'll just end up helping me move all my stuff back in here when Alec dumps me!"

Mike mumbled, "Oh, gee, thanks," and they all laughed.

Other than her wonderful new relationship with Alec, the other thing that made Cammie happy was the friendship the four of them now shared. They all got along famously, and they were having a lot of fun doing "couples stuff" that they couldn't do before Alec came along. Of course she and Terry always had a special friendship, but Cammie also felt closer to Mike now that Alec was around to balance out the group. She felt lucky to have such great friends.

**********

They had finally gotten all of Cammie's stuff loaded into the moving van, and now they were headed for part two of the job on their way to Alec's. Alec drove the big van and Mike rode with him as the girls followed in Cammie's car.

"Did Cammie tell you you guys are invited over to our house for dinner later?" Mike asked.

"Yep. That's really nice of you both. Cammie said something about you breaking out your blender and making margaritas. I think we'll all be ready for a couple of those by then!"

"Terry wanted to celebrate you and Cammie moving in together," Mike explained, "but I think she also wanted to have a chance to tell Cammie something she's been putting off for a long time." Mike's expression was cryptic.

"And what is it she wants to tell Cammie?" Alec's hazel eyes brimmed with undisguised curiosity. 

With a sheepish grin, Mike said, "Well, that's why I brought the subject up. I wanted to get your opinion before Terry breaks her news to Cammie."

Alec's eyebrows arched questioningly. "Spit it out, dude! You're making me nervous."

Mike regarded Alec with his bright blue eyes. "I don't know if Cammie has ever told you that Terry is bisexual, but she is. She hasn't has sex with any women yet, but she claims to be equally as attracted to women as she is men. She hasn't explored that part of her sexuality yet because she has it in her head that she wants Cammie to be her first woman."

"So Terry is going to tell my girlfriend that she wants to fuck her?" Alec asked.

He was somewhat surprised at this revelation, but not completely shocked. Cammie had told him that she and Terry had done a bit of innocent experimentation back when they lived together. Cammie said it was just a little kissing, and they'd watched each other masturbate a couple of times. Alec felt his cock stirring pleasantly as it always did when he thought about it.

Mike nodded and said, "She's been wanting to tell Cammie for a long time but she had to work up her nerve first. She's been afraid Cammie would freak out and not want to be her friend anymore. Now, finally, she says she's ready to tell Cammie all about it. What do you think about it?"

Alec was silent for a moment, considering the question. He looked over at Mike, smiling, and replied, "I don't have a problem with it. Cammie's a big girl and can make her own decisions, and whatever she decides is cool with me. But if she leaves me to be with Terry, I'm kicking your ass!" 

Mike laughed. "I don't think either one of us is in any danger of losing our women! Terry loves dick way too much to give it up completely."

"Well, it should be interesting to see how Cammie feels about it. I don't think she'll wig out over it. She loves Terry and I don't think this will change that," Alec said.

"What I think could be even more interesting," Mike added, "is what happens if Cammie likes the idea. I'm dying to know if they would let us watch! That would be such a fucking turn on."

"I had the exact same thought," Alec admitted with a grin. "I've already got a boner just thinking about it!"

"Me too!" Mike said, and they both broke out in a fit of laughter.

Alec thought they had a very intriguing evening coming up, no matter how Cammie reacted to Terry's news. His stomach fluttered with anticipation as he thought about the possibilities.

**********

It was late afternoon and they'd finally gotten Cammie's things unloaded into Alec's condo. The place was in chaotic disarray, with pieces of furniture waiting to be arranged and boxes stacked in virtually every foot of available space.

The moving van had been returned, and Terry and Mike had just left. Cammie and Alec were comfortably settled on the sofa, resting. Cammie was tired but happily content. She and Alec were now officially cohabitating.

Alec's shirt was off, and she sat with her head resting on his broad shoulder. He had one arm around her, his hand stroking her hair soothingly. She enjoyed feeling the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed and smelling his own personal scent. On impulse, she raised her head and kissed him firmly on the lips. 

"What was that for?" he asked with a smile.

"Just because I love you," she purred, "and because I'm glad to be under the same roof with you."

"Well, in that case..." he said. He pulled her in closer and kissed her lips sweetly. The kiss deepened, and soon their mouths were open and their tongues mingled sensuously.

Cammie was amazed how strongly one kiss could affect her. She could feel her passion building quickly, beginning in the pit of her stomach and radiating outward. Her hands began wandering over the hard muscles of his chest and arms. She loved running her fingers through the masculine tangle of hair on his chest.

It wasn't long before they were both breathing more fast and shallow. She knew Alec's desire was growing also, and it was confirmed when he reached out and caressed her right breast through her t-shirt. She felt both of her nipples immediately harden in response and a low moan escaped her throat when his fingers zeroed in on her aroused right nipple.

Alec broke the kiss just long enough to grasp the hem of her t-shirt and pull it off smoothly over her head. His lips found hers again and he expertly managed to unhook her bra with one hand and pull it off her shoulders.

Cammie squirmed with pleasure as his hand freely explored her large, soft breasts. His fingers lovingly trailed over their skin and he gently tweaked each nipple to full attention.

When his lips left hers and he moved down to suckle her breasts, Cammie tangled her fingers in his thick brown hair and held his face close against her. The sensations he was lavishing on her nipples seemed to have a direct connection to her pussy, and she could feel herself growing wetter by the second.

Unable to wait any longer, Cammie reached out with one hand and began rubbing his already-hardened cock through his jeans. Alec groaned with mounting lust and Cammie's fingers worked more urgently, stroking the bulge of his erection.

Alec sat back and his gaze intently met hers. "I'll take mine off if you take yours off," he whispered hungrily as he toyed with the waistband of her sweatpants.

She smiled, her green eyes burning into him. She grabbed the waistband of her sweatpants and panties at the same time, lifting her butt and pulling them off in one quick movement. She tossed them away and looked back at him expectantly.

Alec's eyes drank in the sight of Cammie's nude body, and his voice trembled with excitement when he told her, "Oh god Cammie, I can see how wet you are already!"

He reached out and ran his finger down her slick labia, making Cammie gasp, and he raised his shiny moistened finger as proof. He then licked his wet finger, sampling her sweet, earthy taste. Without thinking, Cammie captured his hand and sucked his finger into her mouth, as though she were tasting herself.

Her eyes were intense as she sucked his finger in and out of her mouth repeatedly. Alec shuddered when he realized she was demonstrating her blow job technique on his finger. Alec moaned, and she released his finger, smiling wickedly.

"I showed you mine, now you show me yours," Cammie said, her voice low and husky. 

Alec stood, pulling his t-shirt off over his head. Cammie leaned back on the sofa and watched intently. As he unzipped his jeans, Cammie spread her legs and reached down, lazily fingering her clit for him to see.

Seeing Cammie touching herself, Alec got his jeans off in record time. His cock stood out proudly in front of him. Still standing, he started stroking his dick as he watched her. Cammie smiled, staring as his engorged cock slid in and out of his grip. 

She opened her legs wider, and as Alec watched she parted her soaking wet pussy lips and thrust her middle finger deep inside herself.

She loved having him watch her. His passion filled eyes were riveted to her and she knew she had his undivided attention. She pumped her finger in and out of her pussy, fucking herself with it, and she rubbed her sensitive clit with her thumb. She added a second finger, thoroughly enjoying the heightening sensations that were warming her body with a consuming heat.

She watched as Alec continued stroking his cock with increasing tempo. His mouth was slightly open and his expressive hazel eyes were slightly glazed. He appeared to be mesmerized with the sight of her pleasuring herself.

He moaned as she reached up with her free hand and began pinching and lightly twisting her large pink nipples. She buried her fingers in her pussy and rubbed her clit faster and faster. 

Cammie was so excited, and incredibly wet. She could hear the smacking wet sounds her hand made as it worked her juicy hole.

Alec's eyes bore into her and he whispered, "Oh yes, baby, come for me. I want to see your face when you get off."

The sound of his voice fueled her inner fire even more, pushing her to new heights. She gripped her left breast and pushed it upward, and her eyes never left his as she began greedily sucking her own nipple. She moaned as she thrust her fingers feverishly into her sopping cunt and her thumb massaged her hard clit.

She could feel the strong surge of an orgasm building. Her climax exploded over her, dizzying in it's intensity. She pushed her fingers all the way into her sex and held them there. She cried out in pleasure and she could feel her fingers being rhythmically gripped and released as the muscles deep inside her contracted and spasmed uncontrollably.

"You are so fucking beautiful," Alec panted. He stepped forward, took her hands in his, and pulled her up to her knees on the sofa. He leaned down and kissed her hotly, cupping her face in his hands.

Cammie could feel his huge erection trapped between them, throbbing. She knew he was desperate to have her now after watching her masturbate. That always made him extra hot.

"Turn around, baby," he hissed, "I want to fuck you now."

Still on her knees on the sofa, Cammie turned her body around, facing away from him. She braced her arms on the back of the couch and looked seductively over her shoulder at him. Alec stepped forward and positioned himself behind her, his rigid cock pressing against her pussy.

He lifted her long hair and kissed the creamy smooth skin of her shoulders and upper back. Alec then shifted his weight forward slightly, pushing the first couple inches of his thick cock into her well lubricated hole. 

Cammie thought she would never get tired of feeling him penetrating her. His cock always felt impossibly large at first, until her tight cunt adjusted to accommodate his size.

Alec moved his hips slowly back and forth, working more and more of his stiff rod into her deliciously tight pussy with each stroke. Cammie pushed back against him, meeting his thrusts. Soon her pussy was filled with the entire length of his enormous cock.

He put his hands on her hips, pushing and pulling her on and off of his erection. Cammie put one hand down between her legs, stroking his cock when it was exposed each time he pulled out of her. Alec shuddered at the multitude of sensations and began pounding his rampant dick into her wet slit harder and faster.

Cammie moaned loudly as his thrusts became more urgent. She looked back at him over her shoulder and said in a low voice, "I love the way you fuck me, Alec! Please fuck me harder!"

He complied, taking her long mane of hair into his grip and using it to pull her back harder onto him. Keeping one hand tangled in her silky red-brown hair, Alec reached in front of her with his other hand and found her aroused clit with his fingers. 

Cammie swore his cock swelled even larger inside her, and soon a sound came from Alec, a long, protracted "ohhh" of pleasure. Cammie felt Alec's body go rigid behind her, and she knew he was coming. She felt her pussy being filled with his warm cum, and her body responded with an orgasm of it's own.

A wave of satisfied euphoria washed over Cammie, and her heart leapt when Alec put his arms around her from behind, holding her tightly, and whispered into her ear, "Welcome home, baby." 

**********

After a short catnap on the sofa, Cammie and Alec took a shower together and emerged feeling somewhat refreshed. Alec put on a fresh pair of jeans and a gray short sleeved polo shirt.

Since it took him a total of five minutes to get dressed, he sat down on the bed to keep Cammie company while she got ready. He just loved watching her. She knew he did, and she left the bathroom door open so he could see her.

First, she blow dried her cascading auburn hair, then she expertly pulled it back out of her face and secured it with a brown clip that looked like a toothy set of hinged jaws.

Next came the make-up. She didn't wear much, nor did she need much. Just a bit of brown eye shadow and mascara to bring out her emerald green eyes, a light sweep of rose colored blush on her high cheek bones, and a deep pink lipstick to enhance her full lips. Looking in the mirror she rubbed her lips together to blend the lipstick, and when she spotted Alec's reflection watching her, she blew him a kiss.

She came into the bedroom, still naked and pink-skinned from the hot shower. Looking at her beautiful slender body and sizeable breasts, Alec wondered for the hundredth time that day how Cammie was going to take Terry's admission of lust. He couldn't help but picture Cammie's full breasts pressed up against Terry's smaller ones. He smiled at his inability to keep his mind from returning constantly to thoughts of Cammie together with Terry.

"What are you smiling about?" Cammie said, breaking into Alec's speculative thoughts.

"I'm just thinking about you," he said truthfully. He didn't mention that he was thinking about her being naked and hot, making love to her best friend.

"Well you just go right on thinking about me," she replied with a soft smile. "I like being unforgettable."

She pulled on a short blue denim skirt and fished out a peach satin bra and panties from the still unpacked box from her apartment. She put the bra on, followed by a thin red v-neck sweater with short sleeves. Cammie held up the panties, considering, and with a leering grin at Alec she stuffed them back into the box.

"Oh my," he said, "no panties? You're just asking for trouble!" He felt his cock twitch at the thought of her spending the entire evening panty-free. He could just slip his hand up her skirt anytime...

"Damn right I am!" she teased.

She left her shapely legs bare, and slipped a pair of brown leather sandals on her feet. "All ready to go," she announced. "And I'm also more than ready for one of Mike's margaritas!"

**********

Terry handed Mike a large platter of hamburgers and said, "You guys are assigned the job of grilling these while we finish up in here." 
