 Editor: WhiteWave48

Hours went by, I don't know how many, but later we stirred, both still naked. It was still dark outside. I must have been dreaming of something very hot because as I opened my eyes, I saw that I had a huge hard-on. Lucky me – Janey happened to love sex first thing in the morning – even this early in the morning. She was hot for it, and within minutes, we were at it again.

We began to fuck quietly, conscious of the two naked women on the other side of the tent, but soon it became too much to keep totally silent. It was quiet, intense and hot. My cock started pounding Janey's soapy slit and soon I saw she was about to cum. "Don't stop," she urged, "I want to cum, again and again."

And she did, but this time Janey wanted to be noisy. With the compelling urgency of an early morning start, we didn't take long to cum together, and Janey's orgasm at this time of day was intense – long and loud – repeated spasms, powerful pulses going on and on – when would they stop? Never, it seemed. I thought this was going to be a quick fuck then we'd go back to sleep, but Janey's climactic explosions had decided otherwise. They seemed to be propelling my cock back out of her – pushing – I could feel their heat and force. And I was cumming too, just as she was – it was so wonderful that we were climaxing together, just wanting each other – immersed in a hard, sweaty, urgent fuck.

For a minute or two, Janey lay there, exhausted from expending so much energy at once, but now a rush of emotion was getting to her. In the dark silence of the tent with Samantha and Trixie still sleeping, Janey began crying, then laughing, sobbing with total abandonment. As her last sobs died away and she lay still in my arms, she looked up into my eyes and smiled. She wasn't finished yet. It was like a dream. Slowly she moved down to my spent cock, taking it into her mouth, drawing it in so it slithered round on her tongue, sucking it back to life. Of course her technique worked. I lay there in raptures, luxuriating in all her invisible attentions and growing harder by the second, and in the darkness there we fucked again, and once more, there she was, cumming with me again and again. Finally, it all faded away into a drowsy dream of lust and love, the most wonderful feeling of my cock and her cunt, both very nicely used – and satisfied – sharing that wonderful fresh-fucked feeling. We hugged and cuddled together, soon fast asleep again......

*

I don't know where they got the rope from, but they wound it around my arms and then around my waist, so I couldn't move. They left my legs free, and I soon found out why. I was still stark naked, of course, and so were they, their bodies glistening with sweat in the dim light, and there were more of them than I remembered. They were moving around me in some sort of ritual dance, their heads bobbing up and down and their tits jiggling seductively.

The short-haired blonde and the brunette were in the group, I think, but there was a petite redhead too, with tiny tits and a very bushy pussy; and two more blondes, who could have been twins, both with huge boobs and shaved pussies, with very pink clits; and an Asian girl with small hard dark nipples and a beautiful ass. 

They circled around me, chanting, with their tongues going in and out, licking their lips, and laughing wildly. Then the blonde turned into a redhead, shoved her red pussy in my face and pushed my head down, and the Asian girl knelt down and took off her wig, and she wasn't Asian at all, but she began to suck my cock, and then the blonde twins got down and each, in turn took my cock in her mouth, deep, and ohhhhh...it felt so good...she sucked and sucked and.....

* 

"Ooops," said Trixie with a smile, as she took my cock out of her mouth, "I didn't think you'd wake up."

The cobwebs in my mind began to clear as my eyes brought Trixie's pretty face into focus. 

"I just got up to take a pee," said Trixie, between licks of my cock, "but when I came back, you were mumbling something, and your cock began to grow before my eyes, getting bigger and bigger, and standing straight up." She giggled. "I just couldn't resist that big beautiful cock, so hot and hard, and I knew you were dreaming of a blow job, so I thought I'd just give you one of my best, and you'd just think it was an 'A Plus' wet dream." 

"Well," I stammered, wondering if I was really awake after all, "thank you very much."

"Don't thank me yet," said the azure-eyed lovely, "because I'm not through." 

With that, she went back to work, slowly moving my cock into her mouth, sliding it up and down her throat until my pubic hair brushed up against her chin. I could feel my cock inside her slim throat, the head being milked by an expert cock-sucker who knew how to breathe through her nose while she deep-throated my throbbing monster.

My efforts to keep silent were to no avail. Trixie, for her part, was a very happy and noisy cock-sucker, and before long, I noticed that Samantha and Janey had opened their eyes too, and – was this still a dream? They were licking their lips as they watched Trixie's head bob up and down on my long thick flagpole. 

Samantha looked over at Janey for signs of jealousy, but she was enjoying the show as much as anyone. When she saw Samantha staring at her, she coyly began to stroke her legs, then moved her hands upward, gently squeezing her lovely breasts. She moved her fingers languidly down her hips to her outer thighs, and then over to her inner thighs, brushing against her pussy lips – but only very lightly – and then back up to her bouncing breasts. 

Samantha stared at Janey with wonderment and excitement. A quick glance at Sam's lower regions revealed she was beginning to get wet, just as Janey's pussy lips began to glisten as well. I looked over at the two of them, then back at Trixie's cock-filled mouth, and then I knew for sure. It was not a dream, but even better: it was for real, a fantasy cum true. We all realized that what had come before was merely the opening ceremonies. Now the real games were about to begin. 

Trixie lifted her head and saw that we were all awake now. "Oh good," she said, "I was hoping we could do a free-for-all fuck." 

"It's about time you let someone else get a hold of that huge cock, baby girl," growled Samantha, as her hand went straight to my cock. 

I throbbed in her hand, feeling a new, strange touch. Samantha was a modern woman, good at multi-tasking. While stroking my cock with one hand, Sam's other hand caressed Janey's arm, then moved to her breasts, then lightly moving across her wet pussy, and then back up, to gently cup Janey's nearest breast, squeezing her left nipple as Janey, eyes half closed, leaned back enjoying the feeling. As Samantha stroked my dick, she took some of the pre-cum from my cock and smeared it on her own tits, then did the same to Janey's tits, a move that brought a big smile to her face.

Trixie, not willing to let the other girls have all the fun, bent down again and took my cock back into her mouth, easily moving all the way down to Samantha's hand at the base. While she sucked me, Trixie fingered her own wet pussy, slowly at first, then gradually fucking herself with more abandon as she felt me swell in her mouth.

As Samantha saw that Trixie was taking care of me, she released her grip on my cock to devote more attention to Janey. Trixie took over jerking me up and down to get some precum flowing from my head. When my cock was nice and creamy, Trixie smeared even more of my cum all over Janey's tits, then went down on me again, all the way to my pubic hair, then all the way up to the ridge of my cock. 

I watched Trixie's blonde head bob up and down while the raven-haired Samantha leaned over and licked Janey's soaking wet pussy, then moved up to lick the cum between her wonderful hooters, then back again to Janey's cunt. After several licks, Samantha sat back and smacked her lips several times, obviously enjoying the cum from Janey's hot cunt as well as the cum from me that was smeared on her tits.

Janey suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, I can't take any more of this, my pussy is so hot...it needs some attention now too. Hey, move over for a while." 

She stood up and nudged Trixie out of the way. She lowered her dripping cunt over me and worked her slippery snatch back and forth until she had taken me fully inside her. Her tight twat fit me like a glove. Each stroke caused Janey to tremble, verging on the near edge of an orgasmic explosion. 

Now, Trixie, watching all this, did not want to be left out. She bent down to nuzzle my balls, then licked back up my cock, then moved to Janey's cunt, since it was handily very close by. Janey was getting into it too, rocking her tasty twat back and forth on my cock, arching her back and moaning. 

Janey continued to fuck my cock as if she were riding a hobby horse with a hickory dick. She slid up and down on my shaft, her movements more urgent, more violent, her ass slamming down against my hips with a wet "smack!" I could hear her tits slapping together too, with the rest of us moaning, groaning, grunting, and making no end of noises that portend erotic ecstasy. 

Janey's cunt clamped down on my cock, gripping me tight enough that as she moved upwards she pulled the skin up too. It felt like she was sucking my cock right up her cunt! I tried to keep from cumming, so I could enjoy every moment just a bit more. At least for the moment, I was succeeding, although I could feel Trixie's tongue licking around my cock and Samantha sucking on Janey's nipples. 

Suddenly a moan from Janey shattered the quiet of the tent as she came, gasped for breath, then came again, and her squeals of delight rang out in the darkness, then she dropped back, exhausted. 

Moments later, Trixie called out, "Me too." I felt legs on either side of me and felt my cock sliding easily into a hot, slippery twat. I saw the light hair of Trixie's cunt over me, her smallish breasts looking hard and firm in the dim light. Trixie's pussy was not as tight as Janey's but it was wet and warm. Trixie sat on my anxious cock, rocking her hips back and forth, making a low, gurgling growl. She leaned forward and kissed me, and I could taste Samantha's cunt on her lips. 

Hands, arms, legs, all slid around, moving everywhere, stroking and groping. Trixie sat back up and rode me, rocking her hips faster and faster. Samantha watched and began to finger fuck her own hot cunt, then removed her hand from between her legs and held it to my mouth. The scent of Samantha's hot cunt made my cock hard again and I licked Samantha's cream-covered fingers like they were white chocolate. After they were licked cleaned, Samantha dipped her hand in her sopping wet pussy again, and this time offered her cum-covered fingers to Janey, who cleaned them with a low moan of pleasure. 

I was delirious, drifting on a cloud of wanton delight, when all of a sudden, my heart stopped! A male voice boomed outside. "I heard somebody moan. What's going on in there?" We all froze. 

"Shit," said Trixie, standing up, with cum dripping down her thighs, "we're busted." 

The voice called again. 

"Hey in there, my name is Dick; I am a doctor. Do you need help?" 

Shit. We could hear him all right. If he didn't shut up, we'd have half the camp up, all gathered around our tent, and wouldn't that be a sight for sleepy eyes? 

Janey shot me a look of fear and panic while Samantha pushed me toward the tent opening. I got the picture. I unzipped the tent and poked my head outside. 

"Ah, thanks for your interest, Doctor Dick," I said, as I recognized him as the man who had been tending the campfire, "but we don't need any help."

"I woke up to take a leak," our nosy friend continued, "then heard faint sounds from your tent... seemed like moans and groans, so I wanted to make sure no one was hurt."

I was about to smile and wave goodbye when the curiosity of the girls got the better of them, and out popped three heads from our tent: bing, bang, boom. When Samantha, Trixie and Janey got a good look at the handsome interloper in their torchlight, they decided that a little medical attention was probably called for, after all.

"Ummmm, maybe I could use some CPR," volunteered Trixie, as she took Doctor Dick's hand and placed it just above her bare breasts. Dick's eyes were not the only thing that lit up.

Then Samantha piped up, "Oh yes, Dick, I have something that I'd like you to look at too," as she massaged her dripping pussy. 

That settled it. In the twinkle of an eye, we all went back to what we were doing, with one more than before. Big Dick wasted no time getting involved, playing with the tits of all three girls, as each took a turn sucking on his erection, which was inordinately large and grew even larger with each successive suck.

At one time both Trixie and Samantha were both working on his cock, laughing outrageously, and passing it back and forth. Janey whispered to me that she was surprised the girls liked sucking cock so much, since she figured they were lesbians. The girls overheard this comment, shook their heads, and laughed. 

Samantha said she had married when she was a very young – and a virgin to boot. It was a big mistake, the more so since her husband turned out to be a self-centered dork with "a real teeny weenie". She hadn't had sex with him for years.

Trixie said that she was married too, but she could just never get enough wild hot sex, even though her husband's cock was just as big as Dick's monster. 

Big Dick, of course, was delighted with the way all these girls licked his giant piston, but after he tried each one out, he clearly wanted to play more with Janey. He moved over pretty Janey's crotch, sucking and licking her exposed pussy lips, flicking her swollen clit for her, and stroking her ass. 

I could see Janey's tits jiggle as she wavered on the edge of a thundering orgasm. I was entranced, watching her watch me, knowing she could see how excited I was with what was happening. 

Trixie saw what was going on and decided that she would put on a show for me too. She bent down, expertly sucking the head of my throbbing cock, very close to Janey's face, until I could feel my cock nearing the point of no return. I wanted to shoot my creamy sperm deep into Trixie's pretty mouth, again and again until it spilled out her mouth, down her chin, and dripped on her hardened nipples. Trixie understood what I wanted, her mouth bobbing up and down on my throbbing shaft, trying to cram me deep down her slender alabaster throat. 

As I glanced around I could see Janey looking over at me. As our eyes met I realized she was not jealous, but excited about seeing me fuck Trixie's hot hungry mouth. 

My cock swelled inside Trixie's mouth, making her gasp and grind her slippery cunt against my leg. I grabbed her head, pulling her forward and yanking her hair. My hips moved in a blur, as I fucked her faced like it was another cunt. Trixie took my cock out for a quick breather, but only for a moment. 

"Please, please," she begged, shoot your hot gooey cum on my face and tits. Do it now!" 

"Yes!" Janey whispered, "Fuck the slut. I want to see that too." She was getting brave with the fuck talk after all.

Even Dick joined in as Trixie sucked harder and harder, like a whore who wanted to prove she was the best cock-sucker in town. 

"Fuck her slutty mouth until she chokes," said Dick.

Trixie's head was now moving like a steam-piston, licking, sucking, and moving up and down with great bursts of energy. Oh man, that woman loved sucking cock! Our lusts went wild, my hands guiding her head, pushing it down and down. It was a wonder she didn't choke. 

Then, in an instant, I knew I could hold back no longer. We moaned in unison, she drew back in wonder to watch the eruption, and I groaned, "ohhhhhhhhhhhhh" as my cum burst forth onto her smiling ecstatic face. Each pulse of my cock made her blink her eyes, laugh, and then suck my cock so she could pump out more. Again and again, the eruption continued like a geyser of steaming cum.

"More, more cum," Trixie cried, and then, with a slightly panicked look, she pleaded, "My cunt too, please, before you run out!" 

My jaw dropped open, but I aimed to please, so I quickly turned Trixie around, and without wasting a drop, I pounded what was left of my love potion into Trixie's slippery love slot. 

Janey was delighted with my ability to fuck Trixie in two places, and still shoot more cum, and while Dick continued to lick my girlfriend's sopping wet cunt, Janey leaned over, grabbed me and began covering my face and chest with quick kisses, moving down to lick my still cummy cock. Even as I shrank, more and more cum kept spilling out and Janey smeared it over her face and tits, whispering,

"Oh yes, I want your cum Babe, while Dick licks my cunt, I still want your cum all over me, my mouth, my face, my tits . . . mmmmmmmmmmm." 

She moaned and ground her cunt into Dick's mouth, seemingly in heaven with her cunt being licked by one man, and her mouth licking cum from the cock of another. Before long, I could feel her quiver in my arms, and then, I heard the barely audible sounds . . . 

"Oh my god ...oh, oh, oh . . . yessssssssssss," and she sucked every last drop from my cock as she blew her own load of cum cream into Doctor Dick's anxiously awaiting mouth.

With all those orgasms shooting all over the place, I thought, "That's it; it's wonderful, but it's finally all over." I was wrong. The girls were not finished, not by a long shot.

Janey reached down to her cum-soaked cunt and started spreading her still dripping love juices over Trixie's tits, and down her tummy to her cute cunt, then licking her own juices. I then watched in lusty amazement as Trixie returned the favor and leaned down to place her face between Janey's wet legs and lapped at her cum-filled twat. Trixie's head moved rapidly, and I could hear her making wet sucking noises as she sucked cunt juice from Janey's creamy cunt. 

Behind Janey, Samantha had four fingers in Trixie's hot snatch, pumping her dripping hole noisily while simultaneously sucking Dick's enormous purple dick. I reached under Samantha and pushed two fingers into her, using my thumb over her clit. Janey moaned and came again, this time wrapping her legs around Trixie's head, pulling her pretty face tight against Janey's cummy cunt. Trixie suddenly thrust her head back, and groaned, orgasming to Samantha's fingers. Samantha came moments later, her juices soaking my hand. She kept cumming, and cumming, and begged to be fucked even more.

Dick took advantage of this occasion to shove his big dick into Samantha's dripping cunt and fuck her doggy style. Each one was moaning and groaning, but then Dick began panting so hard we thought he was going to have a heart attack. Just then, Dick pulled his cock out from Samantha's cunt and shot a whizzing bucket of cum all over Samantha's ass, Janey's face, and Trixie's tits. I think some hit the far side of the tent too. All right Big Dick, I thought!

Janey sat up, her face soaked in sperm and cunt-juice, a big smile on her face. Trixie kissed her first, then Samantha. Trixie played with Janey's nipples while Samantha moved over to Dick and me, taking turns in giving our exhausted cocks soft loving licks and kisses. Finally, Janey rested her head on my shoulder while Trixie and Samantha cuddled and leaned against Dick. 

Our lusts satiated, the whole group relaxed and dozed off and on. Now and then Dick would snore, Trixie would let out a little giggle, and Samantha talked in her sleep. Janey and I did not sleep very much. We were occupied in listening to the sounds, soft moans and occasional snores of the others and smiling at each other, relaxed, satisfied, and very happy. 
