 "To sum it up, resources are scarce. Individuals compete with each other for these scarce resources, and some end up being better than others. Sometimes it's luck, sometimes it's skill, but at the end of the day, some people will end up with more of the pie than someone else. Some unfortunate individuals might not even get a sliver of a slice. Yes, Mr. Alexander?" Victor Alexander put his hand down. 

"But isn't that unfair? Assuming there is enough for everyone, why can't we divide the resources we have equally?" Victor asked. 

"Unfortunately, Mr. Alexander, I'm teaching economics, not social justice. Fairness has nothing to do with it. Those who are gifted or lucky will get everything, and others will get nothing." The professor glanced at his watch. "I think we'll stop there. Have a nice weekend, everybody. Don't forget, your essays on economic inequality are due on Monday." 

The sounds of bags closing and the dim chatter of conservation filled the room. Victor Alexander remained in his chair. "Fairness has nothing to do with it." He put his hand up to his chin, stroking the stubble with his thumb and forefinger. He began packing his things, when he felt a gentle nudge from behind him. 

"Hey there, you!". Alexander knew the voice, and he readied his "sexy" smile before turning around. 

"Heidi!" He threw his arms out and wrapped them around her. "You smell like cinnamon and hand soap." 

She laughed. "You and that nose of yours. I had a roll for lunch, but it was sticky so I washed my hands." She held her hands up for him to see. 

"Ah, I see. Too bad you missed a spot." He put his finger on her exposed midriff. She looked down only to get flicked by his finger. "Gotcha!" 

She feigned outrage and gave him a playful punch on the shoulder. She moved a lock of her pristine hair behind her ear and looked downwards, thinking of what to say. "So, are we still going to celebrate tonight?" she asked. 

"I'm not sure. I haven't started on this econ essay yet. Why don't you guys go to a bar or something?" Victor said. 

"Oh, whatever! That's due on Monday. You have to support your roommate. He finally got that promotion he's been gunning for! What a responsible adult he's turning into. Whoever he gets with is going to be one lucky girl." 

A slight scowl flashed across Victor's face, but he caught himself before Heidi noticed. He picked up his bag and made his way down the aisle, Heidi pacing him from the next row. 

"Who is coming over to the apartment?" Victor asked. 

"So far it's me and Aria. Peter might be coming out, and Jay, of course." She flashed a smile, but Victor was still lost in thought. "...so you'll be hanging out with us, right?" 

Victor stopped and turned to her. He began to shake his head, but her cute brown eyes were just impossible to say no to. He bit his lip and acquiesced. "I guess so. It's a big accomplishment for him. I still have tomorrow and Sunday to work on this anyway." He managed a smile. Heidi returned one, giving his shoulder a squeeze. 

"Thanks. It will really mean a lot to him." She began to walk away, but looked back as Victor called to her. 

"So he is dating Aria, now?" Victor asked, wanting to remind her. She hid her disappointment well. 

"Yeah." She looked down. "I guess he is. They've gone on a few dates." She seemed distracted. 

"Lucky girl," Victor said. 

"Yeah. Lucky girl," Heidi replied. 

"What did you get for tonight?" Victor asked as his roommate walked through the front door of their apartment. Jay set the bags down and produced two handles of hard liquor. 

"A bottle of Grey Goose for the ladies, and an 18 year old Macallan for the men." Jay held out the bottles triumphantly, flashing the toothy smile that made him so popular. Victor stood up and grabbed the blue box from Jay. 

"Wow, Macallan 18? How'd you swing that?" Victor asked, scrutinizing the bottle. Jay took the box back and began opening it, pulling out the bottle and setting it on the bar top. 

"I'm a big boy now. With this promotion, I make 50k a year part time, balancing college and bitches. I deserve this." Jay replied. Jay placed the Grey Goose next to the scotch, and began placing his favorite Glencairn scotch glasses by the two bottles. "I also got some La Fin Du Monde, for some beer action." 

"La Fin du what?" Victor asked. 

"La Fin du Monde. It's really great. Canadian. It'll fuck us up good. 9.5 percent." Jay said. "At least, it better fuck us up, that shit was 12 bucks for a 4 pack." 

"Going all out for Aria, eh Jay?" Victor joked. Jay's faced turned serious for a split second, before he turned and smiled at his roommate. Victor reached for his coffee and sipped it nervously. 

"You bet." Jay began to wipe the counter down, meticulously. "You know if things go right tonight...it could be the night I go all the way with her." Jay's eyes narrowed. "You know," Jay began, "Peter told me that she hasn't even done it with any other guy before. Farthest she got was giving a guy a handjob in a movie theater." 

Victor spit out his coffee. "What? She told him that? He wasn't the guy she..." 

Jay stopped Victor mid-sentence. "No! No. She told Wendy and then she told him." Jay closed his eyes for a beat. "But yeah, man, tonight is the night. Gonna pop that little hymen of hers." Jay began to thrust his hips in the air, pantomiming doggy style. "You know what I'm gonna say after I pop her cherry?" 

Victor raised an eyebrow. "Oh god." 

"You're mine now." Jay looked perversely giddy. 

"Man," Victor said, shaking his head. "There is something extremely wrong with you." 

"Yeah, I agree." Aria's sweet voice rang out from behind Victor, startling both of the men. Victor met Jay's wide eyed gazed as they tried to communicate telepathically about what to say next. 

"Uh," Victor started, "How long have you been there Aria?" Jay held his breath. 

"Just right now." Aria said, her brow raised quizzically. "You guys should really keep this door closed." Jay let out an audible sigh. "Why?" she asked. "Were you guys talking shit about me?" She put her hands on her tiny waist, feigning anger. She was wearing a tight tank top that hugged her soft curves, and a thin pair of khaki shorts that stopped mid-thigh. 

"Yeah, we were." Victor said quickly. "We were talking about how we are going to destroy you at poker tonight." Aria laughed. 

"No fucking way. I've been practicing my poker face. See?" Aria puckered her lips and narrowed her eyes. Victor burst out laughing, covering his face with his hand. He put his hand on her shoulder to balance himself. He noticed how soft her shoulder was. How round it was too. A bit squishy... 

Yeah, my hand is on her breast, isn't it? Victor realized. Victor froze in place and opened his eyes, confirming his hand was on her perky chest. His eyes quickly moved upwards to Aria's surprised expression. Victor pulled his hand back quickly, an apologetic smile crossing his face. 

"Woah, woah. What are you guys up to over here?" Heidi's voice rang out from behind Victor, startling both of the men and Aria. "You know, you guys really need to keep your doors closed." 

"How long have you..." Victor started. 

"Long enough to see you copping a feel, pervo." Heidi gave Victor a wink. Victor looked over his shoulder warily, and was relieved to see Aria smiling at Heidi's comment. "Anyway," Heidi beamed, "let's get this party started!" She plopped another six pack of beer onto the kitchen table. 

Empty beer bottles lined the kitchen counter. The two girls sat next to each other at the round kitchen table, peeking at the cards in front of them. The guys sat opposite, strategizing Jay's next move. 

"Is Peter even coming anymore?" Heidi asked. 

"Stop trying to delay the game, Heidi." Jay answered. "And no, apparently he got knocked out in boxing practice and had to get revived by some smelling salts. Wendy just texted me." 

"That sounds terrible," Victor said. "Is he okay?" 

"Yeah, he's fine. Wendy is tending to his wounds." Jay replied. "Doctor said he's got a big case of blue balls and she's the cure." 

"What are you talking about?" Heidi laughed. "They aren't together." 

"He's been taking her out, they've gone on a lot of dates. He's doing her." Jay quipped. Aria turned her head at the comment. 

"Just because they've gone out on a lot of dates doesn't mean they are going steady or anything." Aria replied. Jay shot her a sideways glance. 

"Uh," Victor interrupted. "Why don't you guys finish this hand. It sucks not being able to play." 

"Well, why did you go all in on a 2 and 7?" Aria growled. 

"I dunno, I thought bluffing, or whatever." Victor shrugged. "It's your bet Aria." Aria began reaching for her chips, but Jay reached out and stopped her. 

"Aria, you have a 15 percent chance of beating me with your hand. I wouldn't push your luck." Jay stated. Aria stuck out her tongue and folded her arms across her chest. 

"Fine. I fold." Aria scowled. 

"Now you," Jay smiled, looking at Heidi. "You, I'm scared of. So I'm going to scare you away. All in." Heidi glanced at her cards once more. 

"Me too." Heidi said as she pushed her chips out in front of her. 

"Woah, woah there. You don't have enough to cover my bet Heidi." Jay smiled. "If I win this, you're going to have to drink another beer on top of the one you drink for losing." 

"There is no beer left. Can't I just chug some vodka?" Heidi asked. Aria leaned over and looked at Heidi's cards. She pulled Heidi close and whispered in her ear. Heidi's face scrunched up and she reeled back at Aria's suggestion. 

"I can't do that!" Heidi said. 

"Don't worry, you're going to win. I know it. Just say it." Aria glared over at Jay. "He's fucking bluffing." 

"Fine." Heidi said reluctantly. "If I lose this hand, I'll take off my shirt." Victor's eyes widened and he shifted in his seat. 

"Deal. Let's see those cards." Jay said excitedly. Heidi smiled and revealed two queens. 

"Full house, bitch." Heidi said triumphantly. Jay was undisturbed. He flipped his cards over and revealed two threes. The color faded from Heidi's face. 

"Hmm. Looks like theres four threes here. Hmm." Jay said as he leaned back into his chair, his hands folded behind his head. "Guess we get a show here." Heidi stared daggers at Aria, but she was already out of her chair pouring herself a scotch. Victor couldn't help but stare at Aria's round ass as she bent over the kitchen counter. It was the perfect view. He could see the panty lines through the thin fabric and could see that her underwear was beginning to ride up into her crack. 

"Ugh. You said I was going to win, Aria!" Heidi said as she stood up to pour her loser's shot of vodka. Aria shrugged as she placed an ice cube in her scotch, stirring it around. 

"I dunno. He got lucky." Aria said, pointing at Jay. Jay looked at her glass and frowned. He stood up and walked up to her. 

"Aria, what are you doing?" Jay said, grabbing the scotch from Aria's hand. "This is 18 year old Macallan, you don't put ice in it. You just ruined this bit." He walked around the counter and tossed the contents into the sink. Aria looked annoyed. 

"What the fuck? I like ice in it..." Aria started. Victor put a hand on her shoulder, getting her attention. He handed her his scotch, which had a chilled whisky stone in it. 

"Here, Aria. Try it like this. The rock chills the scotch, but doesn't dilute the flavor." Victor said, leaning over to whisper in Aria's ear. "I'm sorry. He gets that way. He's a little anal retentive." Victor paused for a second as he lost himself in the smell of Aria's hair. It had that freshly cleaned smell with a hint of something exotic. Her words startled him out of his daze. 

"Mmm. This is good this way. I see why you guys are so protective of your alcohol." Aria joked, giving Victor a quick smile. "I'm sorry I ruined that bit, Jay." Aria said, apologetically. 

"I...it's okay. It's just really nice scotch is all." Jay cleaned the whisky glass fervently. "Anyway, get on with it Heidi. Let's get that shirt off." Heidi was downing her vodka like a champ. 

"I'm getting to it. Geez." Heidi responded, slamming her shot glass down on the counter. 

God, she looks so amazing, Victor thought. She was wearing a tight t-shirt and a short cotton skirt that barely covered her tight ass. Heidi reluctantly untucked her shirt from her skirt, as Jay walked around her to get a better look. Victor gazed intently as Heidi grabbed the bottom of her t-shirt and pulled upwards, revealing her tight stomach. He noticed the waistband of her black panties sticking out above the waistband of her skirt, which jump-started the erection in his pants. Jay stopped her by grabbing her hand. 

"Let me help you out with that," Jay said, grabbing the bottom of her shirt. She looked at Aria for help, but she just shrugged. 

"He did win the bet," Aria said, taking a sip of her scotch. Jay moved his hands upwards, his fingers trailing behind to get a feel of her soft skin. He smiled devilishly at Victor. 

That fucker. He knows I like her. Victor screamed internally. He said nothing and continued watching as his roommate pulled the shirt off the girl he liked. She was wearing a lacy black bra that nicely framed her small but perky breasts. Victor could see that Jay was rubbing his crotch against her ass as he pulled her shirt over her head. She could probably feel his erection resting right between her perfect ass cheeks. Jay finished pulling her shirt off and gave it a nice sniff before throwing it onto the couch. He forced eye contact with Heidi for a second, then gave her a playful slap on her butt. He walked back to his seat, winking at Victor before sitting down. Heidi shrunk back, embarrassed, covering her chest with her crossed arms. Aria reached out and felt Heidi's bra, running her fingers over the fabric. 

"Hey, what are you doing?" Heidi said, moving away from Aria's fingers. 

"Is that the new model from Fredrick's?" Aria asked. "So fancy!" Heidi kept her arms crossed. 

"Yeah. I was hoping to surprise someone special." Heidi responded. Victor's heart sank. 

Someone special? Victor thought. He bit his lip and stared at the ground. He glanced over at Heidi, studying her now exposed petite frame. He admired her gentle features: the slope of her small shoulders and her fair skin, unblemished and smooth. He wanted to put his lips on the soft nape of her neck, to taste what he had wanted to taste for the last two years. 

"Victor! What do you think of Heidi's bra?" Aria asked, her words beginning to slur. Heidi blushed. Victor looked up awkwardly and forced a nod. 

"It's really pretty, Heidi." Victor said softly. "Whoever you got it for is a really lucky guy." Heidi turned her head away wistfully, shivering a bit from the cold. 

"Yeah, it makes your boobs look nice." Jay added, sitting back in his chair. "So, are we up for another round? I want to see Aria's bra next." Aria threw back the last of her whisky. She put both of her hands on the table and leaned over, menacingly. 

"If we're going to be risking our clothing, we're going to play a game that we can all win." Aria stated. She reached into her purse and put a deck of cards onto the table. Heidi perked up when she saw this. The girls locked stares and evil grins crept across their faces. Jay and Victor groaned when they read the words on the cards: UNO. Jay downed the last of the whiskey and played his next card. 

"Uno!" Aria yelled. She was still fully clothed. Jay groaned loudly. "You have to draw six cards, sucker." Jay grumbled as he drew his cards. Aria's turn was next and she placed her last card down, winning the game. "Fuck ye-ah, your shirt, Jay. Right now. You can...you can matsch boxer boy ovehr theyr..." Aria's words were almost incoherent. 

"This isn't fair, you girls have won every freaking game." Victor shouted as he adjusted his boxers. "And I think someone is pretty out of it." He pointed at Heidi who was passed out, still shirtless, leaning back in her seat. Aria acquiesced. 

"Fine. But before we-we're dohn...shirt off, Jay." Aria commanded. Jay pulled off his tshirt, revealing his pudgy form in all its entirety. He had a bit of a gut, and his brown skin had little spots and bumps on it. "Hmm. I think you needs to wohrk out mohr.." Aria teased. 

"Right. Sorry I don't have this fucker's metabolism." Jay replied, pointing at Victor. Victor smiled at this small victory and got out of his seat. 

"You ladies are staying here," Victor said as he pointed to Aria. "You are way too fucked up to drive. Help me get Heidi on the couch before she smashes her head into the table." Victor leaned over to pick up Heidi. He had to fight his erection as he felt her cool skin against his naked chest as he lifted her out of the chair. He caught scent of her body lotion as he lifted her out of the chair, and he imagined her rubbing lotion all over her smooth tanned skin. 

Don't get an erection. Think of fat black dudes squatting. Victor thought as he lifted Heidi up, supporting her weight on his shoulder and reaching around her waist for leverage. His hand brushed against her smooth hips and he snuck a finger into the top of her skirt, feeling the waistband of her panties with the tip of his index finger. 

"Just have her sleep in my bed, Victor." Jay said, blinking his eyes from tiredness. He was definitely wasted. Victor gave him a weird look. "She can sleep in my bed along with Aria." Aria shot him a sideways glance. 

What the fuck is he thinking? Does he want to try to fuck both Heidi and Aria? What a little douche. He knows how much I like Heidi. Anger was filling Victor's head. Before he could say anything, Aria chimed in. 

"Yeah...errha thatts a good eydea. Me and 'idieH can shleep in your bed." Aria stuttered. Jay's eyes widened considerably. Victor felt defeated. He carried Heidi into his bedroom and laid her carefully on Jay's bed. She sprawled out as she hit the bed, spreading her toned legs slightly. Victor got an amazing view of her black lacy panties as she settled into bed. Her underwear hugged her crotch, outlining her pubic mound. Victor could see the darker skin peeking out from under her panties, and it took all of his strength not to ravage her right there and then. He closed her legs and covered her with a blanket. Aria collapsed beside her comically, spooning Heidi through the sheets. Jay stumbled into the room, still only wearing his boxers. He took one look at the two beautiful women sprawled across his bed and smiled. Victor cringed when he saw Jay's large erection, the tip of his member peeking out through the hole in his boxers. Jay was blessed with a big penis. Victor, on the other hand, felt the shame of his much less impressive package as Jay walked next to him and put his hand on his shoulder. 

"Wow, look at that Victor. Mmm. So hot. I've never had a threesome before." Jay whispered to Victor. "I hope I have enough energy to cum in both of their pussies." Jay rubbed his hands together excitedly. He patted Victor on the back. "Hey. No hard feelings right? I mean, you saw how Heidi wanted me out there right? I'm sorry bro." 

Fuck you. Victor thought. It's not fair. The more successful guy with the big wiener always gets the girls. What a fucked up world. 

"She's no good for you anyway man. I think she gets around, sleeps with a lot of guys. I mean look at that bra she bought for me. That's a slut through and through." Jay said as moved around his bed to where Aria was sleeping. "I'll tear her pussy up for you, man. She won't be able to walk after I shove this in her crack and cum in her." He gave Victor a fucked up smile as he lifted the sheets to get into his bed. 
