 Chapter One -- Pool Hopping

My wife Nicole and I invited two other couples to spend a summer weekend at our cabin near a ski resort. During the summer it was fun to explore the mountain side and we thought it would be fun to bring some friends along. My wife's college roommate Misty and her husband Kimball had been our friends for several years. Brian and Jenni lived next door to us and we had become quite good friends. The weekend was just kind of a last minute getaway, so we didn't have any solid plans, we were just going to hang out, relax and enjoy the mountains.

I didn't know Misty and Jenni all that well. Whenever we hung out as couples, the boys would get together and talk about finances and the latest electronic gadgets while the girls would chat about whatever girls chat about. My relationship with the girls was more of a congenial one: polite smiles and semi-awkward hugs. I had never really sat down and talked with either Misty or Jenni. 

Brian and Kimball worked for the same company and had a mandatory meeting on Saturday afternoon for which they had to go back to the city. The girls wanted to stay at the cabin for the afternoon and Brian and Kimball would join up with us in the evening. I knew that for me this meant an afternoon of watching ESPN or exploring around in the woods while the girls chatted.

After sleeping in on Saturday morning, we all decided to go "pool hopping" before Brian and Kimball had to leave. There was a fancy lodge down the road that had a really nice indoor-outdoor pool. Since only the guests of the lodge had access to the pool, I hung around the pool door waiting for a lodge guest to pass through it. This would provide us a chance to sneak into the building acting like we were lodge guests just going for a swim. "If we act like we know what we're doing, nobody'll question why we are there," I reassured our friends. "Nicole and I have done this dozens of times without any problems." 

We got the opportunity pretty soon when a family with what seemed like eight kids left the pool area. I was glad they were leaving, the last thing we need on a relaxing getaway is a bunch of kids screaming in the pool. After a quick refreshing dip in the pool we dried off in the hot sun and ate the sandwiches we brought with us. As we ate I took the opportunity to get a good look at the girls in their swimming suits. 

I decided Nicole had the best body of the three. She was wearing a one-piece suit that fit her nicely. Her gorgeous 36C-breasts filled the top of her suit. The wet material clung to her breasts so tightly, her nipples, hardened by the chill of water evaporating off her warm skin, could burst right through. I could feel my cock starting to get hard as I studied every detail of her body from her beautiful long dark hair, down her slender neck to her ample breasts, from her toned stomach down to where the swimming suit bulged slightly where it hid the mound of hair covering her pussy.

Misty was wearing a little yellow string-bikini and had a great body. Her breasts were not as large as Nicole's but fit her frame nicely. Each breast would be a good hand-full. She and Nicole had been roommates while I was dating Nicole and I often thought how great it would have been to be a fly on the wall inside their bedroom.

Next, I looked at Jenni. She was the most petite of the three women. Her swimming suit consisted of a little tube-top covering her A-cup breasts, and cheerleader-shorts for bottoms. For being petite, Jenni had a great ass, which I was currently admiring as she was lying on her stomach facing away from me and offering me quite a view. I would love to lie down on top of her, to feel our sun-warmed flesh touch, and press my throbbing cock against her tight ass. The thought gave my cock another twitch. 

Fortunately enough, I regained my composure and cleared my head before I got too worked up. I was glad that you shouldn't go swimming right after you eat as I had a pretty solid erection. My swim trunks would not have been enough to hide the tip of my cock pushing up against them. 

After lunch Kimball and Brian headed to the city for their meeting and I drove Nicole, Misty and Jenni back to the cabin. I wasn't really looking forward to the afternoon trying to find something to do while the girls sat around chatting. 

"I have an idea," Misty suddenly shouted out from the back seat. "Let's play some ping-pong when we get back to the cabin."

"You mean like we talked about last night?" Nicole responded from the front seat.

"Strip ping-pong!!" Jenni added enthusiastically in almost a shout.

I was blown away. Surely the girls were not serious. It had to be a joke, and a cruel one at that. Though my cock was getting hard at the thought of playing any kind of "strip" game with these girls, I had to think rationally. Sure it seemed that my dreams were coming to fruition, but I had to approach this cautiously. "The three of you are going to play strip ping-pong?" I asked in a bewildered tone.

"No, the four of us are going to play." Nicole replied, looking at me with a giddy smile. "In college Misty and I would talk about how when we got married, we should do something crazy with our husbands. We didn't think Kimball would go for it, so this is a perfect opportunity." 

"So last night while we were cooking dinner," Jenni chimed in, "they asked if I thought it would be fun to try."

I just stared at the road for a few moments. Nicole could see that I was in a bit of shock. "What do you think?" she asked somewhat hesitantly. "It'll be just a harmless little game of ping-pong where some of us might end up naked. It's not like we're going to have some wild orgy or anything. Come on, it'll be fun!"

"You're right; I think it would be a lot of fun." I admitted, knowing the chances of an orgy were actually pretty good. There is no way getting four people naked in the same room would not lead to something kinky.

"Yippee, I'm so excited!" Misty was bouncing up and down in her seat, clapping her hands. "I've never done anything like this before. This is going to be so much fun!" Then her tone turned serious, "Remember, no talk about this to Kimball"

"Same goes with Brian," added Jenni. "He can't find out about any of this!"

"Don't worry," I reassured them. "None of us are going to talk about this to anyone, we all agree on that."

Chapter Two -- The Game Begins

When we got back to the cabin we silently made our way to the basement where the ping-pong table was, nervously anticipating how the events were going to unfold. Nicole finally spoke, breaking the ice. 

"Alright, if this is going to be fair we need to lay out some rules. First, we need to make sure everyone has the same number of articles of clothes... I have on...my shirt, my shorts, and my bathing suit underneath...that makes three."

"I'm almost the same, except I've got a two-piece on." Jenni was the next to speak

"So do I," added Misty. "Nicole, why don't you just take your suit off in two different turns? Lower the top to your waist for one turn, and then take it the rest of the off on the next turn."

"That works for me." I said as calmly as possible though I could barely contain my excitement. These girls fully anticipated all getting naked and they were letting me in on the game. "Except I only have two pieces, my shirt and my shorts."

"And your shorts are already bulging!" Misty joked, drawing everyone's attention to the lump growing in my shorts. "You're getting turned on and we haven't even started undressing."

"Hey, any straight man would be in the exact same state with the three of you talking about getting naked." I couldn't deny the growing lump restricted by my shorts. "Though I've got nothing to worry about playing against you girls. I'll be fully clothed and you'll be running around with your tits floppin' everywhere." I figured if pointing out my obvious growing erection was fair game, a reference to their tits was too.

"Ohh, a challenge," Nicole said mockingly. "Let's get playing and see how long your clothes last. To make it a little more fair, instead of one-on-one we are going to play 'Around the World' where you hit the ball, drop the paddle for the next person in line, then run to the other side of the table to take the paddle from the person that returns your hit."

"Yup, titties are gonna to be floppin' everywhere," Jenni said with a little giggle. She was the only girl who didn't have much to worry about. Her tits wouldn't be exactly flopping, but I was excited to see them nonetheless.

We approached the table, Nicole grabbed the paddle on one side of the table, and I stood behind her. Jenni grabbed the paddle on the other side of the table with Misty in line behind her. 

"Go ahead, serve the ball," I said to Nicole as I bumped my bulging cock against her ass.

"Are you in a hurry to show us that dick of yours?" Misty said from the other side of the table.

"If it means getting to see you naked Misty, I am." I wasn't going to try to hide my excitement over what was about to take place. "In fact," I added, trying to make it more of an up-close and personal game, "I think when one of us loses a point, a member of the opposite sex gets to take the article of clothing off for you." Since I was the only one without a pussy, I knew I would get to take the clothes off of all three of them.

"Fine," Misty quipped back. "And they even get to choose which piece to take off."

Jenni was the first to lose a point. "Arms up!" I said as I walked toward Jenni. I was really going to enjoy this game. She put both her arms above her head. I grabbed the bottom of her shirt and lifted it over her head, throwing the shirt into the corner. Though there was still the tube top covering her little breasts, it was quite a turn on to take off her shirt. By the little pebbles that had formed under the tube top I could tell it had an effect on Jenni as well.

The next to lose a point was Nicole. Since she's my wife I figured I could push the boundaries a little with her and see how it went. She lifted her hands up, expecting me to take off her shirt the same way I had taken off Jenni's. Though this time, instead of grabbing the bottom of her shirt, I put my hands against her stomach and started sliding them up under her shirt towards her breasts. I reached her breasts and gave each of them a little squeeze before moving up to her shoulders. "I thought I would do it a little different this time," I explained. Then with my hands still inside her shirt, I pushed her shirt up over her head.

"A squeeze for a squeeze," Nicole said as she reached down and grabbed at my hard cock. By this point I had already adjusted myself, so my cock was standing straight up trying to pop out the top of my shorts.

"Fair enough," I replied, knowing that the game had just taken a little turn for the better.

Jenni's shorts were the next to go, leaving her in just her little swimsuit. Misty and I were the only ones who hadn't lost a point. "You're next Misty," I said with a grin. She shot me a smile back. Sure enough, Misty lost the next point, almost on purpose, she wanted in on the fun. Now it was time for me to really test the waters. "Arms up! I told you it was coming." I put my hands on her stomach like I had on Nicole, except that Misty was wearing a bikini so my hands lightly touched the warm flesh of her smooth stomach. There was no resistance, so I slid my hands up her bare satin skin and mounded her breasts. They were exactly what I had imagined, a good hand-full. I gave them two quick squeezes and Misty drew in a quick breath. I could tell she was a little apprehensive, but the smile on her face told me she was enjoying the attention. I pushed her shirt over her head and tossed it onto the pile of other clothes.

"A squeeze for a squeeze," Nicole reminded us before we returned to the game. Embarrassingly, Misty slowly stretched out her hand and gave my hard cock two quick squeezes. With a little giggle and red in the face, Misty returned to the table to grab a paddle.

The girls conspired against me and I was the next to lose a point. After a little talk amongst themselves, the girls decided that all three of them would take off my shirt together. As they lifted my shirt over my head, each of them ran their hands all over my chest and back. One of them actually went down my stomach far enough to brush against the tip of my cock that was trying to peek out of my shorts. When the fingers brushed the engorged head, it flexed involuntarily and gave me quite a surge. I was ready to forget the game and just tear off everyone's clothes. Before I knew it, I was standing there alone and the girls were waiting for me to resume the game.

A few more rounds and Nicole was down to just her swimming suit when she lost another point. 

"Someone had to be the first to actually bear some skin in this game!" She said as she slipped the straps off her shoulders. 

I was so excited with what was happening that I forgot it should have been me to take the clothing off. Everyone was focused so intently on Nicole lowering her suit down over her breasts that we all just stood there, not saying anything.

Her swimsuit was now down around her waist. Her nipples, exposed to the air, began to harden and goose bumps formed on her silver dollar areolae. 

"All right, everyone quit staring and let's get back to the game so I am not the only one exposing myself!" Nicole was anxious to get the game going and in good spirits, which was good because she lost the very next point as well. She was to be completely naked. 

This time however, I remembered that I was supposed to be the one to take the clothes off for her.

"Remember, the rules state that I should take your clothes off." I stated with a grin as I put my hands on her hips. I got down on my knees for a better view of the pussy I was about to expose. The other girls gathered around. I slowly pulled her suit down around her ass, and then, little by little, exposed the hair of her womanly mound. I lowered Nicole's swimsuit down past her knees, she stepped out of it and kicked it into the corner. I was kneeling there, my face inches away from her pussy. Nicole was getting a little turned on by being completely naked. I could smell her pussy juices starting to flow and could almost feel the heat radiating from her snatch. Before standing up I leaned forward and gave her tuft of hair a kiss.

"New rule!" Misty shouted. "You get to kiss whatever body part you've exposed!" 

I glanced over at Misty with a look of doubt on my face. Our little friendly game of strip ping-pong was definitely going down a road I don't think the girls intended. Misty's nipples were pushing hard against her swimsuit. The nakedness was turning her on; it was turning all of us on.

Nicole was willing to take a bit more risky shots since she was already running around naked and didn't have anything to lose. This caused the next few rounds to go rather quickly. Jenni and Misty were the next to lose their tops in turn. Each time a breast was exposed, the nipple on that breast got a little flip from my tongue. I could sense some serious hesitation on Jenni's part. After all, she was told about the idea just last night, and she seemed a bit unsure of where it was all going. Misty, however, was really enjoying herself and would exaggerate her running so her breasts could enjoy their freedom. Every time she was near me she would "accidentally'" brush her hand against my cock bulging in my shorts or lightly brush her nipples on my arm. 

"It's about time!" The girls cried in unison as I lost the next point. Excitedly the girls circled around me as Nicole untied the drawstring on my shorts. Nicole took charge of the situation, as my wife, she was going to be the one to lower my shorts. She reached into my shorts and grabbed hold of my cock, bringing it out the top of my shorts. Misty and Jenni circled like hyenas, jockeying for the best position. Nicole loosened the drawstring and let go. My shorts fell to my ankles.

"Alright, whose first?" I asked as I kicked my shorts onto the pile of clothes. One by one the girls each took turns giving my fully erect cock a little kiss on the head. Misty was the last to kneel in front of me. She ended her kiss with her tongue taking a quick lick of my sensitive helmet. My cock flexed. Misty looked up and smiled. 

"That was unfair," I said loud enough so that everyone could hear. Then I whispered with a grin, "Wait until it's your turn."

Misty missed the next point, obviously on purpose. "It's my turn," she said, barely containing her excitement. As I knelt down in front of her, she moved in closer. I reached my hand around to her ass and pulled her into me, hugging her around the waist. My cheek could feel the warmness of her pussy through her bikini bottom. I pulled the silky material over her ass, backed my head away a little to get a view of the hair I was exposing, and then lowered my hands to the floor. She was standing there, gloriously naked. I looked up and saw her nipples pointing straight out in anticipation of what was next. Slowly leaning my head into her body, I nuzzled my nose into the hair, searching for her clit. My hands were on her ass for leverage as I gently kissed my way through the mound of hair and extended my tongue to her sensitive fleshy nub. I gave her clit a little lick before pulling my lips away.

"Alright Jenni, you're the only one with clothes on," I said as I stood up. Misty was stumbling for the nearest couch. Her legs were weak from me licking her clit. "Should we even bother with the game, or should I just take your bottoms off now?"

"Yeah, you're going to lose the next point anyway," Nicole was backing me up. "You might as well just give in."

But Jenni wasn't giving in. "No, this means I won, right!? The game is over. You are all naked and I am the last one with clothes, I win!" She had a look of great satisfaction. "So I don't have to take the rest of my clothes off!"

"Yes, yes, you won," Misty's mind was back in focus. "But that doesn't mean you don't have to take off all your clothes like the rest of us." She reached forward, trying to get a hold of the last bit of material covering Jenni's otherwise nude body.

Jenni jumped out of the way. "You're going to have to catch me first!" 

Nicole, Misty and I soon had her cornered. But she wasn't going down without a fight, and she is a feisty little thing. I got behind Jenni and wrapped my arms around her, pulling her tight into me before picking her up off the ground. Her legs were flailing as the other girls were trying to get a hold of her bikini bottoms. "That tickles!" she exclaimed through her giggles.

"We've got to get her to the ground!" Nicole was pulling me down. Soon I was on my back, with Jenni's back pressed against my chest. I still had my arms wrapped around her and found every opportunity I could to brush my fingers against her naked breasts as she struggled to free herself. With each pass, her nipples became more prominent. More than once, while Nicole and Misty were struggling to disrobe Jenni, someone's hand grabbed hold of my cock. With all the confusion it was difficult to tell if it was an accident or on purpose.

"Wow!" cried Nicole and Misty together when they finally got Jenni's bikini bottoms off. "Your pussy's completely shaved!"

Jenni quit struggling.

Chapter Three -- Smoothing it Over

"That is so sexy!" Misty confessed as we all got up off the floor. "I have always wanted to try that but never dared. I am too afraid to get razor burn down there." Misty was curious more than anything. "Don't you get razor burn?"

The mood of the conversation had just changed drastically. A second ago the four of us were all naked, laughing, and grappling on the floor. Now, even though we were still all naked, I was in the midst of a "girl talk" session. But what could I do. The game had run its course and was over. The intentions were never to have the game go any further than it had already gone.
