 Edited by luvtaread

*

It was the rest of his life, specifically that which involved Leah, that spun out of control in the years following. As he feared she became more and more rebellious against her mother. It was to be expected as Leah could be as stubborn as her mother in wanting to have her way. Katy was of some help in keeping the teenaged Leah from doing something rash, but they all knew it was only a matter of time before Leah went digging. 

Sure enough Leah used a freshman year family tree project as an excuse to enquire heavily into her father. Until then they had always been able to appease her with a basic cover story and minimal information about her mysterious dad. When the precocious teen threatened to start calling doctor's offices to find her father if they did not put her in touch with him, things got rather tense. Brandon resolved the issue by getting a special phone for her and Kara to call and giving them the number saying that their dad had given it to him should they ever need it.

The move worked and Brandon was able to carefully defuse the situation posing in his role as the girl's dad. He had to admit once the bitterness left their voices and the why questions were answered, that it was good to be called dad by his girls again.

Over the years the rebellious Leah continued to defy her mother and raise issues. One of the biggest arose when Mel forbid Leah from going to her Junior Prom. Katy and Leah both appealed to Brandon for help, but in different way of course. In a tough spot Brandon came to the decision not to circumvent Mel's order and therefore had to, as Leah's dad, tell her that it was Mel's call. 

However, like Leah and Katy he believed that Mel was being unfair and in a heated discussion, managed to talk Mel down and convince her that letting Leah go was the better in the long run. He reminded Mel that Leah was becoming her own woman and Mel needed to Leah develop her own sense of judgment or she would never become a healthy adult.

"Let her learn on making the small decisions so that when it comes to the big ones, she'll hopefully make the right ones." He remembered saying.

In the end logic won the day and Mel revoked her ban. Leah was surprised, but pleased, and had a wonderful time. Brandon never got credit for his intervention, well other than a fun night with Katy. 

Things were fine that that for a few months. That is until an evening toward the end of the summer. Brandon was working late finishing up some paperwork when Leah came in to see him. Mel had gotten her a job at the company as a kind of permanent temp for the summer. Leah did odd jobs as needed around the place. Brandon was sure she would have preferred other work, but Mel had insisted that it would look good for colleges and on a resume.

Brandon heard a knock and looked up to see his eldest daughter standing there and smiling said, "Hey Leah, your mom working late again?"

"Yep, and since she won't let me have my own car, I'm stuck here." Brandon let that one go, as that was a mother-daughter issue he wanted no part in. 

"Ah I see, well I'm actually in the middle of something so I can't be of help either kiddo."

"That's okay at least your department had cool stuff to look at, mom's is just finance. You know charts and stuff." 

"Well thanks," Brandon said with a smile, "but just boring paperwork today, sorry no cool programs to look at today."

It was right about then that a phone began ringing. Brandon almost froze when he realized which phone it was, it was the special phone that only two people called, and one was sitting next to him. Fortunately, that phone and his usual phone were nearly identical. He answered and after a brief chat with Kara, hung up.

"Who was that?" Leah asked when he was done.

"Annie," Brandon lied quickly. 

She seemed to accept it for a second then said, "You're lying Mr. Metcalf, now I'll ask you again who was that." Leah said in a cold tone before waiting expectantly for the answer. Brandon's blood ran cold he was busted and he knew it. When he didn't respond Leah said, "You know what I think Mr. Metcalf?" She asked glaring at him, her face hard and unforgiving, "I think that was my sister Kara. I think that if I took my phone out and dialed the number you gave me for my father, I'd get you."

"That's absurd Leah, why would you think that?" Brandon tried to say calmly all the while knowing she had him. Leah at last knew the secret or part of it anyway.

"I know that because I told her to call our dad's phone at exactly this time. So, Mr. Metcalf what are you doing with the phone that is supposed to belong to my father?"

She waited patiently as Brandon tried to respond. He tried to think of a response as the world was tumbling in on him. The day he long feared had come and it had come on Leah's terms not his. He looked up into her eyes that were so like Mel's and he tried to explain. He opened his mouth but nothing came out.

"That's what I thought, thank you for the empty words and the lies. Some advice though, next time you get talked into impersonating someone's dad, please remember that the girls on the other end, they think it's real." Tears formed in her eyes, "They think that you actually care about them and that you love them!" Seeing his little girl in tears and in this much pain was the last straw. This had happened one time too many and now that she knew the truth only harm could come from not telling her now. 

Damn the promise to Mel and the consequences, he was going to tell her the truth. Be completely open with her for the first time in fourteen years. As she ran for the door he shouted out to her.

"But it was true! All of it! Every word I said to you and your sister on that phone was the absolute truth!" he said to her retreating back. She stopped and when she turned her tears were dry.

"More lies!" she shouted, "Is that all you can tell?" 

"No," Brandon said calmly, "I think its time you learned something I should have told you long ago. So please sit. I will tell you the truth, whether you believe it or not, it is the truth. I know you are angry and you have every right to be, I have deceived you and Kara, but not in the way you think. Please sit." 

Leah seemed to ponder the invitation and sat. When she did Brandon thanked her and took a moment to pick up the phone and dial Mel, as she might be of help. At the very least she should be aware what he was about to say. The call was short and Mel said she was on her way to his office. Brandon then shifted his focus to his teenage daughter.

"The truth of the matter Leah is that you have been talking to your father when you talked to me, because I am your father. The same goes for Kara, I am the mystery man you have been looking for for some time now. That said, as I already explained what I said while on that phone was the truth except for my name and where I was of course, but everything else was true.

"This all stemmed from an agreement I made with your moms before you were born. They wanted children, but they wanted them to related by blood as well as legally. They also did not want them growing up without some sort of father. They asked me and I accepted. 

"Then shortly after you were conceived we came up with the living arrangement we now have. It allowed me to be close to you and your sister, and yes she is your sister; a half-sister but still a sister. Anyway you two grew up with me next door and when you were eighteen we were going to tell you the truth. Obviously since you already know that won't be necessary."

"And the phone?" Leah asked coldly

"That was my idea, the opinion at the time was you to were still too young to know the truth. I devised that as a way to buy a few more years. I realized a while ago that this whole situation was screwed up from the beginning. Believe me Leah, I never meant to hurt you or Kara. I love you both very much and only wanted what's best for you."

"Well, regardless of what you wanted I am hurt." Leah said, "It hurts a lot. I thought you were just some lying neighbor my mom forced to help her. Instead I find it's worse, not only are you a lying neighbor, you've lied to me my entire life about something extremely important to me. What's more all those times you said you couldn't help, those times I needed you most you were right next door, and you didn't help. You just said 'sorry honey work it out with your mom.'"

"That's not fair! Do you have any idea how much it killed me to say that? To not help you, to not comfort you? Leah you're my little girl and I love you, but I made promises I had to keep. It was important for you to work things out with your mom. If I swept in every time you would not be the fine young woman you are today."

"Don't give me that crap you coward! You just didn't care, or you were scared of mom!"

The comment stung a lot but he remembered he was the adult here. Leah was a teenage girl angry and confused, she had taken in a lot in the past few minutes and it would take her a while to sort her feelings out. Days, weeks, even months would pass before she could forgive him. He wished it could be tonight so he could ease her pain, but this was something she had to come to on her own. There was so much pain and anger in her pretty green eyes that were so like her mother's. Brandon wished her could help her ease it, but he couldn't. 

Instead he simply said, "Believe what you want Leah, but know this, all I have said is true. You are my daughter and I do love you very much. From the moment I held you the day you were born until this moment, that has not changed and never will. I love you as much as I love Kara, Anna, and the twins. You are all my children and I love you all deeply. Whether you believe me or not, no matter how much you hate me or are angry with me does not change how I feel. I only hope one day you can find a way to forgive me and love me the way I love you."

Leah only glared at him and left the office in anger. Once outside she was met by Mel who she looked at in anger and stormed of toward the exit. 

Mel stuck her head in as Brandon started closing up for the night and asked, "So I take it didn't go well?"

"That is putting it kindly." Brandon said throwing out some papers.

"Yeah, well what do you expect, like mother like daughter. She is too much like me to take that kind of news well."

"I don't blame her Mel that is a pretty big lie we told her. I just hope she'll forgive me one day."

"She will." Mel said confidently. 

Brandon was taken aback by the answer and asked, "And how do you know that?" 

Mel smiled and said, "Because she is too much like her daddy not to." 

"Thanks," Brandon said, "But that's what I'm afraid of I can be just as stubborn as you."

"True, but unlike me you also are rather logical and are good at seeing the other person's side. It may take her a while, but she'll figure out that you are telling the truth, and that you really do love her."

"I know but I wish it was like that first day at the hospital when I just held her and she stopped crying and went to sleep."

"I remember that day too, that was the first moment I was sure I had picked the right dad for my baby. I've never had a doubt since, she's lucky to have you, she just doesn't realize it yet, but she will." She chuckled and said, "Heck if you could win me over into having your baby, I think you can convince your daughter you love her." 

Brandon nodded in thanks and Mel said, "Well I best be getting our daughter home before she steals the car." Brandon laughed and Mel said, "See you at home," before she left.

Brandon closed up and prepared himself for the fallout of the confession at home. As expected there was some trouble, but Leah seemed to have kept quiet about the new knowledge. Being a summer night the kids were all gone, Anna and Kara at a friend's birthday party sleepover, the twins at a downstate college for basketball camp, and Leah was staying with a friend due to a need to get away from her parents. So with the houses to themselves he, Mel, Katy, and Ashley met on his back deck to discuss things.

It became clear that if Kara knew, she was not telling, and Ashley reported that it had not reached Anna and the twins either. How long they could expect the secret to hold was another matter. For now it seemed that Leah did not want to admit the truth to herself, much less spread it around. So it seemed they were okay, for now anyway.

Shortly after developing a plan in case Leah decided to tell all, the four noted they were alone without children. As usual it was Katy who got things going. After turning on the spa that sat on the deck she began stripping down. The other three watched in awe as the blonde removed all her clothes and stepped into the churning water. 

"Well are you three coming, it's a night without kids, I want to have some fun and nothing starts that like a naked foursome in the hot tub don't you think?" Brandon had to agree and started removing his clothes. Apparently Ashley and Mel agreed as well as they too were removing clothing.

Once all four were in the water the orgy began almost immediately. Ashley was the first to get to Katy; she pulled the blonde into her lap and began caress he the big tits and fingering Katy's pussy. Not to be left out Brandon grabbed hold of Mel and pulled her to the side and did the same except he used more than fingers in her pussy. 

Mel very willingly fucked him as he played with her tits. After a while Katy demanded a switch and soon she was on his lap his cock buried in her pussy as Ashley played with Mel's tits and fingered her recently fucked pussy. They all sat like that for a while, except that halfway through his fucking of Katy, Ashley and Mel switch and Brandon watched as his wife was teased by the sexy redhead. 

After a while they all came together and decided to take this upstairs to bed. So they all quickly got out, dried off, and gathered their clothes before heading upstairs. When they reached the bed Ashley got on her hands and knees and demanded Brandon fuck her. Not wanting to disappoint his lovely wife Brandon complied immediately. As he fucked her Mel climbed beneath and began sucking on Ashley's tits, Katy eating Mel out as she did.

They carried on for hours like that changing positions until, after several orgasms, they were all tired out and feel asleep in each other's arms.