 Thanks to luvtaread for the editing

A few days later Brandon and the girls looked in admiration at the structure they had constructed. Considering it had been raised with nothing more than a combination of rope, large sticks, grasses, and fern leaves it was a pretty fair achievement. Progress had been slow at first, but in the ensuing days the four had quickly learned to work together to make the process faster. Also of great help was that Mel's ankle returning to normal allowing Brandon to focus more on his plan than splitting his time between doing most of the heavy work and planning the shelter.

The shelter was suspended a foot or so above the ground. The supporting wood for the flor was lashed to six trees. The roof and walls were also supported by large sticks lashed to the same six trees. The new shelter had room for all four of the friends to sleep comfortably and independently. Although once Brandon saw that the girls had created two large beds it became clear that this feature was probably unnecessary. The interior of the structure had progressed with the exterior, as when all materials had been gathered, Katy in particular had found little to do. 

Brandon was not too surprised therefore to find her and Ashley talking avidly one day at lunch. When he went over to investigate he found them planning to use the excess clothing from the boat they had no use for and some thread they found to create some comfort elements for the inside. 

As the tour moved inside he found they had out done themselves as the new beds far outdid his fern ones. The new larger versions were much softer and included sheets, pillows, and even a pair of blankets that had been found in with the clothes. Of course as the sun poured into the room through a small window he had put in facing the sea, he recognized the value of another of Katy's additions. He was shading his eyes and was complaining about the suns' glare when Katy pulled closed a set of dark curtains.

"Thanks Katy," he said sheepishly, "Guess I didn't think of that little element." 

"Of course you didn't, but that's because you're a guy." Katy said as she crossed the room to be at Mel's side.

"And we love that about you of course" Ashley said with a kiss. "So, we figured we would just give a woman's touch to your grand plan. I might add your shelter is very good though, nice and sturdy." 

"Yeah Brandon, you did a good job," Mel added. "I gotta admit I was skeptical at first but this is a fine home." 

"Well thanks ladies," Brandon said, "Both for the praise and the help. It is fitting that this place has a 'woman's touch' as I am outnumbered three to one here."

"Like your complaining, darling," Ashley joked, "We did notice that sturdiness was a very high priority when you designed this place."

"Yeah well..." Brandon said feeling his cheeks grow hot, "I'm not the only one, I notice that those mattresses you ladies built also had sturdiness in mind." At this it was Ashley's turn to blush as Katy smiled a mile wide and giggled. 

Moments later Mel broke the silence, "So...was this the end of your surprise? Because as good as this is, it's not that new." Mel said a bit critically.

"Oh no." Brandon said as he smiled wide, "As to that, we need to take a bit of a walk, but that will have to wait until tomorrow. We need to prepare properly, so we'll set out after breakfast tomorrow." Upon seeing the disappointed looks on the three beautiful faces, he said, "Look, I assure you its worth the wait, and we'll go first thing in the morning. I would go tonight, but since I'm still unsure of what is out in those woods I think it would be reckless to do it tonight."

"He's right," He heard Mel state glaring at him, and looking down at the disappointed look on Katy's face he knew why. Nonetheless she still agreed with his assessment. "It would be highly stupid of us. Plus, I don't know about you guys but I am pretty hungry."

Brandon nodded his agreement and heard the others agree and silently they all went about tasks for gathering food. For a special treat given the celebration of finishing the shelter they even used some of the canned food. So they had canned ham and some canned vegetables with their customary fruit for dinner. 

After the best meal they had had in over a week the four went to the new shelter to break it, and the new beds, in. Brandon and Ashley flopped down on to their bed and after noting its softness the pair got right to business. 

They began a lengthy make out session as they rolled around on the new bed. Soon Brandon felt Ashley's hands moving all over his body. He returned the roaming by doing some roaming of his own, her tits and perfect ass being his favorite targets. 

When neither could stand it further they broke the kiss and began to remove items of clothing. This was a more lengthy process than usual because due to the celebration as well as during construction of the shelter, all four had taken to wearing the clothes they had found. 

Brandon's attire was not that different, his swimsuit and a tee-shirt were still his usual attire. Not really wanting to borrow any of the kidnappers' clothes or wear women's clothes. Ashley was wearing a tee-shirt and short skirt, the shortness mostly due to the fact that it had been Katy's. Brandon did note upon slipping his hand beneath it that she did not have on panties. Once he had been stripped of his shirt and he felt her hard nipples press against him he was sure of two things. Ashley was not wearing a bra and that she was quite turned on.

The former was confirmed when Ashley shed her own shirt and bared her firm mounds for his view. He did far more than view them though as his hands gravitated to the erect nipples and he gave them a quick teasing. He heard Ashley moan in response before he rolled her unto her back and attacked her tits with his mouth and hands. While he did this his free hand gravitated lower and worked its way under her skirt quickly finding her sopping wet pussy. He heard her cry out in pleasure as his fingers entered her tight hole. As he began pumping them in and out of her he broke contact with her tits and kissed down her flat stomach before lifting the skirt to give him better access to her pussy.

He decided to tease her a bit first by starting at her inner thighs and he kissed his way up, licking some of her juices off them as he made his way to her drooling slit. He proceeded to tease her swollen outer lips before parting them with his probing tongue. 

Once he had done that for a while he felt her hand clamp onto the back of his head. He chose that moment to begin working her clit with his tongue. He located the sensitive nub and began rapidly running his tongue over it. For effect he also worked his fingers in and out of her hole. The effect was instantaneous as he heard Ashley cry of loudly in ecstasy and her thighs clamp down on his head as sweet fluid rushed out to meet his still lapping tongue. 

When she had released him he kissed his way up her body until he reached her mouth. She was still breathing heavy as he kissed her but he felt her hand reach into his shorts and wrap around his hard shaft. He looked at her and seeing the pleading in her lust filled eyes knew what she wanted without words.

He stood up and removed his shorts, when he looked back at Ashley found her on all fours facing Katy and Mel. He shrugged and took his place behind her and in one smooth motion entered her from behind. As he thrust into Ashley they were treated with the sight of Mel's bare ass raised in the air as she worked Katy's pussy with her tongue. Katy, clearly enjoying the treatment, lay naked on the bed thrashing and moaning. A few minutes later Katy gave a shriek of pleasure and came. Mel's face stayed buried in the blonde's crotch few a while, after before Mel got up and went in search of something.

Brandon returned his attention to Ashley and picked up his pace a bit. His attention was again diverted when he saw the busty blonde on the other bed approach his. Once she reached his bed she walked on her knees until her face was near his she gave him a kiss.

"Mind if we join you two?" She asked. Brandon shook his head and Katy continued, "Good, now if you could make some room by backing up a bit that would be great." A bit baffled Brandon complied with the request and slowly led Ashley back so he was close to the head of the mattress. When Katy gave a nod, he stopped, and she immediately positioned herself under Ashley giving the blonde better access to the brunette's tits. 

Ashley moaned her appreciation at Katy's efforts as the blonde's mouth went to work on her tits. As Brandon resumed his thrusting he noted that Ashley was returning the favor a bit, sucking on Katy's large boobs any chance she got. Soon after this had commenced Mel returned wearing her strap-on and the extent of Katy's plan was clear. The red-head spread Katy's legs and plunged the plastic cock into Katy's waiting hole. 

The redhead made quite a sight as she thrust in and out of Katy. Close up her naked features were all the more impressive. As Brandon's thrusting steadied his mind wondered a bit to what Katy had said a few nights back about Mel, and in that moment a part of him imagined it was Mel he was fucking not Ashley. That ended when the two pairs of green eyes met. Brandon saw a challenge in the redhead's eyes and followed her gaze to the tangle that was Ashley and Katy between them and understood. 

He nodded and saw her pick up her pace and heard Katy's tit muffled gasp of pleasure. He matched her pace and heard Ashley's groan of pleasure. Each kept going faster and faster determined to get their partner to cum first. Soon Ashley and Katy were thrusting back and too out of breath to maintain their attention of each others tits. The shelter filled with the moans of all four as Mel and Brandon fought cumming and their thrusts hurtled Katy and Ashley toward their climaxes. In the end it was Katy that reached first, closely followed by Ashley. Upon feeling Ashley's pussy clamp on his shaft Brandon too came, but he was pleased to here Mel cry out seconds later. 

In Brandon's mind the competition had been a draw as Katy had pushed herself over the edge by playing with her own tits. Still the result was four very satisfied individuals. 

The four collapsed on the mattress. Brandon felt Ashley settle in on his right side with her head buried in his shoulder and she wrapped one leg over his right leg so that he felt her warm pussy on his leg. He was more surprised to feel another smaller form attach to his left side as Katy snuggled up to him. She took a similar position to Ashley and he felt both give him a quick kiss on the cheek before he looked and saw Mel spooned behind the blonde. He used his right arm to hug Ashley closer and, not wanting to start trouble with Mel placed his left under his head. 

They had not been lying long when a small hand attached itself to his soft cock and began jacking him off. It was then he noted that Katy had pulled back slightly and he looked down to find Mel's hand buried in her wife's pussy. Things got more interesting when another hand began playing with his balls. He looked over at Ashley who just smiled and engaged him in a deep kiss. As he kissed Ashley he felt Katy kissing his neck.

Soon after both hands stopped and released him before he felt Katy leave his side and straddle him. He soon felt her impale herself on his now fully hard shaft and relished the feel of the blonde's pussy. It had been the first time since the night of the bet he had felt her, as things had returned to normal the next evening. Not that he could complain, as getting sex from Ashley every night was hardly something to complain about. 

The blonde began fucking him, and her large tits did their usual bouncing, which Brandon admired from his vantage point. His view was soon broken by a kiss from Ashley. When she broke the kiss it was to give attention elsewhere on his body and Brandon noted that she was not the only one who had joined the fun as Mel now knelt behind Katy and was kneading the large boobs from behind while showering the blonde with kisses all over her body. 

Ashley and Mel joined, adding extra stimulus and soon both Brandon and Katy were well on their way to climax. As he approached his climax Brandon began meeting Katy's bounces with his thrusts. The effect was immediate, and both came hard. Their partners continued to shower them with kisses and Mel lifted Katy off Brandon, lowered her to the bed next to him and in response he pulled the blonde close. 

The drowsy pair watched as Ashley and Mel made out for a bit at the foot of the bed while fingering each others pussies. Soon both women broke the kiss and cried out as they came on each others fingers. Both collapsed to the mattress soon after and Brandon felt them resume their former positions in the group snuggle. Ashley worked herself back into his embrace and Mel removed his arm from Katy before spooned her wife from behind. Ashley kissed him good night and both women snuggled up to him further as he drifted off to sleep. 

Brandon awoke the next morning to the feeling of a small hand working his morning wood. He looked to his left and was met by Katy's smiling face, she raised her head and kissed him. After a while Katy wriggled out of Mel's embrace and positioned her mouth over the hard shaft. As Katy had positioned herself over a quickly awaking Mel, the redhead began to play with the blonde's tits and pussy. 

Brandon groaned as Katy's mouth went to work on his shaft and he felt the results of Mel's ministrations in the reverberations of Katy's moans on his cock. While he was enjoying Katy's work he felt Ashley's head lift from his right shoulder as she too awoke. 

She took a quick assessment of the situation and after kissing Brandon quickly positioned herself in Katy's vacant spot facing Mel's crotch. In response Mel turned on her side to not only give Ashley better access, but allowed the red-head access to the dark haired woman's pussy. Brandon seeing this had other ideas and tapped the blonde on the shoulder and as the brown eyes looked at him he patted the spot where Ashley had been laying moments before and understanding Katy got up and laid down on her side facing him.

Brandon got up and positioned himself behind Katy and cuddled up to her before lifting her right leg. As he did he felt her hand guide him to her opening before he thrust forward and entered her warm pussy. He slid right into her wet pussy and immediately began thrusting behind her as he watched Mel roll Ashley onto her back as the pair continued to lick at each other's pussies. Soon after Brandon's right hand found Katy's ample chest and began kneading the impressive tits and playing with the sensitive nipples. 

The pair fucked in silence as they watched Ashley and Mel get closer and closer to their orgasms. Brandon began to pick up his initial slow pace as he felt Katy pushing back to meet his thrusts. As he picked up his thrust slightly he heard a soft moan of appreciation from the blonde. It was clear she was as transfixed with the other pair as he was.

Not long after the frenzied licking of Mel produced results and Ashley cried out for her first orgasm. Soon after Mel too felt release as Ashley pushed her over the edge. The pair did not stop there though. Soon Ashley came again then Mel then Ashley. The pair traded orgasms for a few minutes before they both collapsed. 

Brandon, turned on by the show he had witnessed, combined with the feel of Katy's pussy around his hard cock and the feel of her soft tits in his hand, soon felt himself teetering on the edge off orgasm. He gave Katy one hard thrust and tweaked her sensitive nipple and as he released his load into the blonde's waiting pussy, he felt it clamp down on his shaft and her body shaking against his in orgasm. 

"I must say ladies that was some wake up, I could get used to that." Brandon said and noted that all three nodded in agreement. 

"I don't know about y'all but I think we should probably put the beds together," Ashley said, "because if we continue to sleep this way, on just one, its going to get pretty crowded every night." Again everyone agreed and after everyone was up and dressed Mel and Brandon hefted the two mattresses together so they faced the window. After all were satisfied with the bed's position the quartet headed out of the shelter to prepare breakfast as well as lunch for the day's mystery trip.

After breakfast had finished Katy began looking like a kid at Christmas. Noticing she was practically bouncing out of her seat with excitement, Mel asked, "So, Brandon, you going to show us this surprise of yours? Because Katy can't take much more of this." 

Brandon also noted the excited blonde before smiling and saying, "Of course, if everything is ready, we can leave." 

They gathered the food and Brandon collected the pistol before he led the three ladies to the path out of camp. The hike was long, but not nearly as long as the first time he had made the trek. As they neared the clearing that contained the natural hot tub he had all three women close their eyes. To be sure the surprise was not ruined Brandon covered Katy's eyes, as he was sure she would not be able to resist looking. He had the other hold onto his raised arms Ashley on the right and Mel on his left.

"Okay girls you can open 'em," he said as he pulled his hands from in front of Katy's eyes. Three set of gasps of wonder filled the air as the girls realized what they were looking at. 

"I wish I could claim credit for building this, but its completely natural, I found it while searching the island for you three. Pretty cool eh?" Brandon said smiling. 

"Brandon! It's awesome, and so worth the wait." Katy said turning and giving him a huge hug before saying, "Can we go in, Brandon, pleasssse?" The way she said it was so cute it made him think of a kid at Christmas.

"A smoking hot kid with an incredible rack," he thought to himself with a chuckle before saying, "Of course, why do you think were here?" Katy's eyes lit up before a devious look crossed her face.

"Last one in has to orally please the others." She said sprinting toward the pool. It turned out the head start did not give the blonde any advantage as Brandon and Ashley caught her easily with their long strides and were quickest to the pool. Mel on the other hand cheated and picked up the blonde in mid stride before slowly lowering herself into the churning water with the tiny blonde raised well above the surface of the pool. Katy squirmed in Mel's arms trying to touch the water but to no avail. Mel's stomach had disappeared beneath the water before Katy made contact with the water.

"Well, my little nymph, it appears you will be doing the pleasuring this afternoon. Seeing as you're the last one in." Mel said with a grin before lowering Katy into the water. Katy emerged from the water and glared at her wife. 

"I was not dear, you cheated and you know it." Katy said.

"Regardless, you were still last, those are the facts. So, why not put that tongue to better use on my pussy."

"But..." Katy tried to protest. 

"No buts, missy," Mel said giving Katy a stern look. "Just that wonderful tongue of yours on my aching pussy." Katy looked unfazed by the command. 

"Since you cheated and she was first in anyway I will lick Ashley's pussy first, thank you." Katy said turning her back on Mel. Ashley looked surprised, but pleasantly so, as Katy waded over to where she sat and she immediately followed the blonde's direction to sit on the edge of the pool.

Katy immediately pushed aside the red material of Ashley's swimsuit and began her slow and steady attack on the dark haired mound. As he watched her work Mel sidled up to him for a better view of Katy's work. A few minutes later, Ashley's moans grew louder and more frustrated.
