 Thanks to luvtaread for editing

Over the next few days Brandon fought with some of the emotions that began weighing on him. Anxiety over exposing himself so much to Ashley without any sure signs she felt the same way he did, guilt over his continuing lack of desire to build a raft to aid their escape from the island, and finally a general uneasy as another week had nearly run its course with no sign of rescue or help.

The last point had at least received some outside help thanks to his conversation with Ashley. In the days following his admission to Ashley he had been approached by her and Mel to discuss the state of their situation on the island and develop some plans. The discussions were not long as there was not much to cover. It was reassuring to know that he was not alone in worrying about the group's safety. It also seemed that his thoughts and surprised and even impressed Mel.

Mel of course was another interesting issue he was dealing with. Katy's experiment had been a great success in her and Ashley's opinion and even Brandon could now tell that something was definitely eating at Mel. Whether it was a sexual attraction toward him or not he had no idea, but the fact she was definitely quietly pondering something meant they had succeeded in getting him under her skin.

However his focus was not on that for the moment as he figured that Katy and Ashley would let him know when the next step of the plan was to take place. He had no interest in acting alone on this as he was pretty sure he might not wake up the next morning if he did. So, he instead turned his focus to the task he had appointed himself after the talks with Ashley and Mel. He had decided that it was best they find a more solid refuge should a major storm roll in and set off to look for a cave they could hide in should things get rough.

A few days after the talk with Ashley and Mel, it so happened an opportunity presented itself when the two plans he was involved in coincided in a chance for him to look for a cave without raising Katy's suspicions. 

It turned out Katy had planned a trip to the natural hot tub to loosen up Mel a bit more as her brooding had made her tense. It was to be a girls only trip to make Mel feel comfortable, so Brandon would need to occupy himself while Ashley and Katy relieved Mel's 'tension'. Ashley brought up that Brandon should come with them at least at first, for security reasons and Mel agreed with the assessment. So all four set off for the center of the island, where the not only the hot tub resided, but potentially a cave hiding place as well. 

Brandon left the girls to their fun a little reluctantly, especially after seeing all three in their naked glory, the nakedness was the main reason behind the decision that had made the trip girls only. He marveled at the perfect nature of the situation, not only did it allow him to find a cave fulfilling his agreement with Ashley and Mel. It also ensured Mel would apply herself to her utmost to give Brandon more time hence helping Katy and Ashley's plans.

Brandon searched the rocky center of the island for about an hour before he spotted what looked to be a cave in the distance. As he got closer it turned out to be a large chunk of discolored rock, but upon closer investigation he noted a crevice in the rock wall. Upon investigating the fissure he found that, low and behold it contained a small opening. Using the small flashlight from the crashed speedboat he had taken with him, Brandon began to explore the cave and after a quick tour of the cavern determined it would do nicely as a shelter for the group should they need it.

Pleased with himself he left the cave and pocketing the flashlight headed back to see what had happened to the girls. It had been a few hours already and he figured it would be another hour before he got back. Since Ashley had estimated it would take about three hours or so to properly work on Mel, Brandon took a leisurely pace as to give Ashley and Katy more time with the tense redhead.

He had a feeling the effort was going well when he approached the pool and heard loud moans of pleasure. When he reached the clearing the sight of what was going on nearly made him cream his shorts. Stretched out on the ground in full view was a very naked Mel. Well almost full view, as her head was covered by the equally naked form of Ashley who was sitting on Mel's face moaning in appreciation of the redhead's tongue work on her pussy. Mel's own crotch was covered by the blonde head of Katy as she lapped away at her wife's pussy. 

Brandon took in the scene for a second before smiling. He also noticed that Katy's body was half in and half out of the water. This left Katy's lovely ass and pussy exposed above the water. Brandon decided to head over and give her some attention. He silently removed his shorts before slowly lowering himself into the water and making his way over to behind the small blonde. He took a second to line up his cock with the sodden pussy before he grabbed her small hips and buried the full length of his rock hard shaft into her warm depths in one hard thrust.

Katy's cry of surprise was muffled by Mel's crotch. As Brandon gave her a brief few seconds to adjust to him, he looked at Ashley, who thanks to Katy's cry had noted his presence. She gave him a quick questioning look and he gave her a quick thumbs up to show he was successful. She nodded and returned her attention to Mel's breasts which he realized she had been playing with all along.

Brandon's attention turned back to the sexy blonde he was fucking and knowing he would not last too long he began a hard and fast pace and made sure to locate Katy's sensitive boobs. To her credit Katy's mouth never broke contact with Mel's pussy as she got fucked hard from behind. The addition of Brandon turned the tame threesome into a furious foursome with all four participants hurtling toward orgasm.

As was to be expected due to the amount of stimulation she was receiving Mel came first. In turn her orgasmic cries reverberating on Ashley's pussy set the brunette off. Soon after Brandon could hold it no longer and exploded into Katy's warm depths making sure to give her sensitive nipple a good tweak before he did. His efforts had the desired effect as the blonde cried out in orgasm and her warm pussy clamped down on the spent shaft. He removed his shaft and helped the still shaken Katy to her feet. 

As she got to her feet he leaned down and kissed her on the cheek and whispered in her ear, "Sorry babe, I know you said it was a girls day, but your exposed pussy looked so lonely and inviting I could not resist." 

"Well I'm glad you couldn't resist," Katy said with a giggle. "It was feeling mighty empty I was glad when you filled it. I loved the roughness too baby, you ought to try that more, it's a nice change."

"Well, I'm glad to be of help. How did we do?"

"Excellent, I got her right where we want her." Then getting an idea Brandon excused himself and waded over to Ashley who by this point had joined him and Katy in the pool. He began making out with her and soon noted Mel was doing the same with Katy.

"Ashley, I found a cave about an hour away I think you and Mel should check it out," Brandon whispered in her ear after breaking their kiss. "I'll distract Katy. It's about an hour away." She nodded and he gave quick instructions on how to find it. 

"Okay, we'll go after lunch, on one condition," she said with a mischievous smile. 

"What's that?" Brandon asked.

"I want what Katy got, before I go on this cave hunt of yours." 

"Well...If I must." Brandon said with fake exasperation. "He'll need a minute though..."

Ashley smiled again and pulled him into a passionate French kiss while pressing her firm tits against his body. As she intended Brandon felt his cock reach full mast quickly. He broke the kiss and grabbed her, spun her around, and roughly bent her over so she was laying on the rock edge of the pool. Once she was settled he lined his hard cock up with her exposed and very wet pussy.

As he had with Katy, Brandon grabbed Ashley's hips and in one hard thrust buried himself in Ashley's pussy. She gave a cry of pain mixed with pleasure and after a brief second Brandon began rapidly working his cock in and out of the brunette's pussy. As he thrust into her he lifted off the ground, enough to allow him access to her medium size tits. 

Between his hard fucking and his hands working her tits it did not take long to have Ashley moaning in extreme pleasure. Despite his encounter with Katy moments before, Brandon felt that he too was quickly approaching his own release.

Some time later when he felt he could no longer resist, he felt Ashley's pussy clamp down on his shaft and he released several shots of cum into her waiting pussy. He pulled out of her and helped her take a seat at the pool's edge. As he and Ashley got settled he looked over to see a big smile on Katy's face and a mixed look on Mel's. He was not sure what she was feeling other than she was certainly at odds with something.

After Ashley had recovered she got up and passed out lunch. After lunch Ashley invented a reason for her and Mel to take a walk and Brandon volunteered to stay at the pool with Katy. As Ashley and Mel dressed and set off to look at the cave Brandon moved next to Katy and pulled her still naked body onto his lap. 

For a long while they just sat there relaxing before Katy's horniness must have gotten the best of her and she began wiggling her butt on his crotch. After a few minutes of the wiggling Brandon spoke up.

"Is there a reason you are so actively wiggling that cute ass of your little lady?"

"It's trying to wake up the big snake." Katy said innocently. 

"Well then I must say it has succeeded. Is there any reason it wants to wake up the snake?" He asked.

Katy turned to face him nodded and after kissing him said, "Because when its hard, that snake it can make my cute ass feel so nice and full, and it really wants that." 

"Is that right?" Brandon asked and Katy nodded excitedly. "Well then the snake should not disappoint, should it?" Katy shook her head and kissed him and before he could move she had turned around and the head of his cock on her rear entrance and began to sit down. 

As she used her arms and legs to slowly lower herself onto his shaft, he used his hands to play with her tits, nipples, pussy, and clit to help her cope with any pain. He also leaned down and kissed any part of her body he reach with his lips, with most of his focus being on her exposed neck. It became clear his efforts were successful as Katy began to moan in pleasure, all pain gone from her voice, while she continue to lower herself onto the hard cock. 

His growing knowledge of Katy's body allowed him to quickly bring her to a climax using just his hands and mouth. As she screamed out in pleasure he felt her bottom out on his cock, taking a quarter of its length all at once. He continued to play with her body as it shook with pleasure and he was pleased that he could not detect even a hint of pain in her voice. 

When she came down a bit from her orgasm she began to slowly move herself up and down on his hard shaft. Brandon for his part was surprised that, between the feel of the large soft tits and the tight pussy between and around his finger respectively, and the feel of the tight ass on his cock moving up and down, he was lasting this long without cumming himself.

Katy was clearly enjoying herself too, as a few more times up and down his shaft and she came again. She also had clearly gotten used to him and was starting to quicken her pace. As soon as she started speeding up, her orgasms came more and more frequently, until eventually Brandon was lifting her by her hips to move her up and down his shaft as he neared his own climax. 

As he moved her up and down he was surprised to find her hand on his balls as she began massaging them while the pair fucked. Suddenly she began bouncing up and down really quickly and wiggling a bit as she did. 

"Oh...yeah baby fuck my ass OHHH, cum for me a baby, cum in my ASSSS!!" He heard her yell between moans of pleasure.

Her shouts were enough to send Brandon over the edge and his body spasmed as for the third time in a short period his cum shot from his hard cock. As his vision temporarily failed him he heard Katy cry out as her body shook with the pleasure from yet another orgasm.

After she finished shaking Katy collapsed against Brandon's chest and he wrapped his arms around her. He held her tight as leaned against the pool edge and felt drowsiness begin to overwhelm him. He remembered kissing her on the top on the head before blackness overtook him.

He was softly shaken awake to someone whispering his name. He tried to ask a question but felt a hand clamp on his mouth and as his eyes regained focus saw Ashley with a finger to her lips. He gave her a confused look and she pointed downward. He looked down and realized he had a still slumbering Katy in his arms. He tried to open his arms but the blonde stirred when he did. So, with Ashley and Mel's help he lifted her off his soft cock. Then helped place the blonde into Mel's arms, who carried her out of the pool and waited for Brandon and Ashley to get out. 

Once everyone was out Mel started back to camp carrying Katy, as Brandon put on his shorts, and Ashley gathered Katy's discarded swimsuit. When the group made it back to their camp Mel went into the shelter to lay Katy down on the bed. When she returned to the fire the three began to talk.

"Well," Mel began, "You certainly had a productive day. I believe to rounds of congrats are in order. First, off you were right that cave is perfect, I think knowing we have that will take a load off all our minds. If that was not enough you apparently wore out Katy to buy us time to look. I have to say definitely impressed, I was not sure anyone outside of myself could do that." 

Brandon taken aback by the compliment said, "Wow, thanks Mel coming from you that means a lot. I'm also glad you agree about the cave, you're right it does take a load off. Now we can start making contingency plans." 

Both women nodded in agreement and he added, "But I think that can wait until later, I am about ready for dinner, so if you don't mind ladies I am off to see what I can get in the way of fish." Ashley and Mel agreed that dinner was a good idea and as he set off to try to get some fish they went about stoking the fire and assembling the food and water.

Brandon was out fishing when he saw Ashley approach. As she got closer he saw she was smiling a mile wide and had admiration in her eyes. When she got close to him she grabbed him and pulled him into a passionate kiss.

"You are amazing you know that." She said after breaking the kiss and hugging him close. 

"Well thanks, but I'm not sure why." He said grateful for the attention, but not fully understanding her meaning.

"You know perfectly what you studly man you. First you not only find a perfect cave, but you gave Katy and I enough time to loosen up Mel and drive her wild. Then you when you get back you not only give Katy a good hard fucking, but roughly fuck me to orgasm minutes later in front of a still charged up Mel. Next you make sure Mel gets to see the cave, and not only keep Katy occupied, but ass fuck her into enough orgasms that she is still sleeping."

"So I did good?"

"Good? You were fucking phenomenal. Katy's going to piss herself out of joy when she hears how hot you made Mel for you today."

"Really, that good, huh?"

"I'll put it this way tomorrow is likely going to be the main event. Katy was thinking about it before you turned into a mega-stud on us and had Mel's pussy wet with desire for you."

"What about you, are you hot for me?"

"Dripping darling, but if the main event is tomorrow, Brandon Jr. is going to need a rest." 

Brandon thought for a second and said, "True, but my tongue doesn't and I don't want my girl feeling frustrated for tying to help out a friend." 

He then pulled out of the hug, swept her up and laid her on the ground before removing her panties and diving into her soaking wet pussy. Ashley squealed with delight as his tongue ravished her sensitive pussy. It was not long before she was moaning in appreciation of his work, and since she was pretty well charged up, it did not take long licking and fingering her pussy to send her into a powerful orgasm. Afterwards Brandon crawled next to her and cuddled with her until her shaking stopped. 

"Thank you." she said softly when she had recovered, "You didn't have to..."

"Yes, I did hon. I meant what I said the other night. Ashley if I could only fuck you for the rest of my life I would be happy. As much as I enjoy fucking Katy and want to fuck Mel it is not worth losing you. I care about you too much and I don't ever want you to be hurt because of what I do or don't do with Katy or Mel. Do you understand that?" Ashley's eyes again filled with tears as she nodded and hugged him close.

"Thank you, you have no idea what it means to me to hear you say those things, because I care about you too a lot. It means the world to know you'd give them up for me. I won't do that though, I can't do that to them or you, and besides I love watching. As for tonight, I want you to be on your best tomorrow, she's been hurt too much Brandon. I know you can show her that sex with a man can be fulfilling and full of pleasure, not pain. I know you can show her darling, and so does Katy." 

They kissed and she got up and put back on her panties before making her way back to camp leaving Brandon to finish his fishing. As he fished he was left with Ashley's words and was touched at what she had conveyed not only about her feelings, but her confidence in him to show Mel pleasure. When he had collected a sizable enough fish he took it back to the fire for cooking.

After dinner Brandon went off by himself, pondering survival strategies, when he heard Katy and Ashley behind him. Katy was smiling, she hugged and kissed him and praised him on his studly behavior. 

She confirmed that tomorrow was the day they would try to seduce Mel. Furthermore she echoed Ashley's recommendation of rest tonight and said he would be left out of the night's fooling around. Brandon nodded and soon after the girls dragged Mel to bed.

As they had done in the hot tub earlier in the day, the three women engaged in a lesbian three-way. Brandon not wanting to get aroused himself stayed away. It was also part of the plan that night that he slip in after they put Mel into an orgasm induced sleep. When he was signaled Brandon went into the tent and laid down between his sexy conspirators.

As they went to attach themselves to his sides they were stopped by his large hands holding their hips to the ground. Once they stopped moving Brandon buried his fingers in each of the pussies and fingered each to an orgasm. As they calmed down and cuddled up to him he felt two hands reach for his cock and he slapped them away.

"He's got a big day tomorrow ladies and he needs rest." He said with a whisper. Both let out a sigh and nodded, he could tell that Katy was really disappointed. He kissed both goodnight and hoped they were right about tomorrow or it might be his last day of earth.

As he woke the next morning to phase one of the plan, the double blowjob from Katy and Ashley, he realized that this was going to be some day and if he had to go, why not today? The feel of the two tongues licking either side of his hard shaft was heavenly and it did not take long for him to approach orgasm. 

He sat up to look at the incredibly sexy sight of the blonde and brunette heads bobbing up and down on his cock and felt one of the two suck on the head. It did not take much longer before he felt his shaft erupt streams of cum all over the smiling faces of the sexy pair. After a quick clean up of his softening cock they began to clean his cum off each other's face.
