 "Are you sure you want to do this?" Leila asked everyone around the bed.

"I doubt Mark does" Maria laughed. "He loses at this almost every time."

Everyone seemed to breath a sigh of relief, knowing someone else was probably worse at cards than they were.

"Yeah, you just wait and see" Mark proclaimed confidently. "Now that there's more on the line, my skills will be put to the test and they will rise to the occasion!"

He didn't mean it as a joke, but everyone seemed to take it that way. Realizing what he had implied, a sheepish grin escaped his lips.

"Just deal the cards" he said, trying to divert attention. "Need me to shuffle?" he asked.

It seemed weird. They were all friends. Three of them had worked together for over a year. But this was a true test of friendship. But it's amazing what a few coolers and beers do for the confidence. So there they were, all four of them sitting around a big queen-size bed, hoping Mark's card-playing skills lived up to their reputation.

"No backing out now" Maria exclaimed with a bit of a shiver.

Mark knew she was nervous. This was her first time. Hell, it was his first time too. Leila and Carl? Probably virgins as well. But as she said, no backing out now. It's off to the races .....

Maria sat in suspense as Mark dealt out a hand of five to everyone.

"Damn" she thought, "I hope this isn't an indication of what's to come."

She had picked up nothing that was useable. She had no pairs, no cards that could be linked into a straight, not even a high card. But she wasn't about to back out now. Maybe she could bluff her way through this one.

Leila laughed nervously as they all held their cards. "What now?" she asked. It was obvious none of them had ever done this before.

"Everyone's got to ante up. What are we playing for?" Carl asked.

Maria locked eyes with Mark, and he could tell she was feeling a bit antsy. He smiled reassuringly, even as the butterflies floated in his stomach.

"Why don't we start with the left sock?"

Everyone seemed to like this idea, and the game began...

As much as she wanted to bluff her way through this hand, Maria was feeling way too shy to bet much on this first round. Looking around the group, she could tell they all seemed to be feeling the same way. Before they'd started, each player had written down all articles of clothing on scraps of paper. This was what they'd use to bet. Whoever won the hand got to collect the scraps, thereby keeping their clothes and getting everyone else's.

They all threw in their sock paper, and the game began. Carl started off the betting boldly, offering his shirt. "Hey, are you that excited to start undressing?" Leila laughed, poking him in the side. This seemed to dispel some of the tension, and Leila threw in her other sock.

"That's more my speed," said Maria as she also threw in a sock.

Mark was last with the betting and although part of him wanted to play it cautious, he also didn't want Carl to be the only one throwing caution to the wind. He needed Maria to know she could count on her man to be strong and confident, so he also threw in his shirt.

It was time to draw cards. Maria took three, and noticed that Carl and Leila only took 1 card. "Hmm," she wondered. "That could mean they are trying for something big like a straight or a flush, and won't get it. Perhaps there's still hope for me after all." When her cards came back giving her a pair of sixes, she started to feel slightly more hopeful.

Carl started the betting again, but this time he had a somewhat pained expression on his face. He too threw in his other sock. Obviously he hadn't gotten what he wanted. Leila was still playing it safe and offered her watch.

Maria was torn. She looked across and met Mark's eyes. He lifted his eyebrows and she knew he was encouraging her to enjoy the game. Suddenly she smiled brightly and thought 'what the hell.' She threw in her shirt.

"Got to keep up with the guys," she said.

It was time to show their cards. Carl had been going for a straight and had nothing, Leila had a pair of eights, Maria her pair of sixes, and Mark had three kings. 

Mark grinned. "So I'm going to lose every hand, huh? Looks like you guys are losing your clothes," he laughed as he scooped up the scraps of paper.

Leila removed both her socks and her watch and placed them neatly beside her. She seemed terribly nervous. Carl took off his socks and slowly peeled his shirt off. Maria couldn't help but look, as he was obviously in good shape from his work at a sheet metal shop. She broke her gaze when she was aware of Leila watching her. She looked over at Mark and he smiled at her. He knew that she thought Carl was pretty good looking, and he was pleased to have been the one to win her the sight of Carl without a shirt on.

Maria had already taken off her socks, and now just had to lose her shirt. She was wearing her white western blouse, and she was glad she'd put the little sheer pink camisole on underneath. She slowly undid the snaps, noticing that Carl was trying to look nonchalant while darting glances in her direction. She and Mark smiled at each other as she shrugged off the blouse. She was nervous, and felt incredibly exposed, and yet as long as Mark was there she knew everything was ok.

Mark was happy with how the game had started off. He was feeling pretty turned on from seeing Carl eye his girlfriend. And he didn't think that it was his imagination that Leila had looked also. He could see her curiosity. He just wished that Leila had offered a bit more than just her socks and her watch. How disappointing. But there was always the next hand...

So there they were, Carl sock and shirtless, Leila without her socks or her watch, Maria in a very sheer pink camisole and no socks, and Mark, still fully clothed. Considering that none of them had experience playing strip poker, the night was going quite smoothly.

"Anyone want some more wine?" Maria asked, getting up from her place on the bed. Everyone nodded, so she grabbed a new bottle of blueberry wine from the fridge. Looking at their meagre supply of booze, she realized that they'd drunk quite a bit tonight. She and Mark had started off the evening with some beer and coolers, which were all gone, and three bottles of wine. She was opening the second bottle now. Funny though, she didn't feel that drunk. She just had that loose sensation, as if she could do anything and there would be no consequences. Probably a good night to stay in.....and play some cards...

Leila jumped up when she saw that Maria couldn't carry all the full glasses. She took two, and the two friends brought them back to the bed and handed a glass to their respective boyfriends. Maria smiled to herself when she saw that Carl had already dealt the next hand. Obviously he was enjoying himself. Her eyes moved instinctively to his crotch, wondering if he was having a physical reaction to all of this. She was confident that Mark was, she knew that seeing her undress in front of another man, and most of all, being tantalized by the thought of seeing Leila's body, would be driving him crazy. But Carl she wasn't so sure about...he was pretty quiet, and she couldn't get a good read on his thoughts.

She looked over at Mark and saw him watching her, a smile playing around his lips. He raised his eyebrows slightly, and she blushed, having been caught. But what the hell, she was feeling daring tonight. She took a sip of her wine, threw her shoulders back (thereby thrusting her breasts forward), and said, "Has everyone anted up?"

They all threw in their pieces of paper. She couldn't see what the others had bet, but she threw in her watch. She was feeling brave, but better to see what kind of a hand she got this time before betting her pants. She wasn't going to give everyone a show THAT easily.

They all groaned when Leila bet her glasses. "Come on babe," said Carl, "get into it." He rubbed her back lightly, in encouragement, but she shrugged him off and laughed nervously. "Hey, I'm allowed to bet whatever I want," she said defensively.

"You're totally right Leila," said Maria, jumping to her friend's aid. "Just bet whatever you feel comfortable with." Leila smiled back at her with thankfulness. Maria knew that by the time Leila had played another round, and finished that glass of wine, she'd probably be feeling a little more daring.

Carl was really getting into the spirit of things, and bet his jeans. Maria had a brief vision of him down to just his tight, white boxers. At least that's what she'd always imagined him wearing...

Mark bet his shirt, and they all picked up their cards. Maria was relieved to see she had a pair of tens already, so she felt quite confident that she had a chance to win this one. Leila started the betting, putting in her shirt. Maria knew she was feeling a bit uncomfortable about it, but she had no choice. It was either that or bet her jeans, and she didn't seem ready to show her panties quite yet.

Maria smiled broadly and bet her jeans. "I know how much you all want to see my panties," she laughed. Leila laughed too, but the boys were oddly quiet. She figured Carl didn't want to let on quite how much he wanted to see them, and Mark how much he wanted the others to see them.

Mark put in his left sock, and Carl bet his watch. They all took their cards, and readjusted their hands. Maria had drawn another ten, so she felt like she had this one wrapped up. "Since we're getting down to having not much left to bet," she said as she looked pointedly at Carl, "why don't we skip betting on this round and just show our cards?" Everyone agreed.

Leila put down a pair of kings, looking semi-confident. Maria laid down her three tens, and she saw Leila's face fall as she realized she'd lost and would have to give up her shirt. She would have bet anything the guys figured this one out right away too. Mark had the workings of a straight, but was missing a card, and Carl had a pair of jacks.

"Looks like I win," Maria laughed. "Come on everyone, give up the goods!" Mark unbuttoned his shirt and put it neatly beside him. He added a sock and sat back, ready to enjoy the show. Carl stood up and unbuttoned his jeans. He slid them down over his hips, revealing....yes, she'd been right -- he did wear the tight boxers. But they weren't white, instead they were a dark navy, and although she could see the shadow of a shape at his crotch, the dark colour made it difficult to see too much. She shivered slightly, and looked at Mark. He was watching her, a gleam in his eye. She could tell immediately that he was ok with how things were going. She smiled at him. She was happy that they both seemed to be enjoying this.

"Your turn Leila," said Carl. Leila slowly took her glasses off and put them on her pile of clothes. She looked down at the tight turquoise shirt she was wearing and sighed. She shrugged one arm out, then the other, and lifted the shirt over her head. Maria watched Mark and saw him staring at Leila's newly exposed chest. She knew he'd wanted to see this for a long time...Leila had tantalized him by always wearing tight shirts and readjusting her bra under them. It was such an innocent but incredibly erotic thing.

Maria turned her gaze back to Leila, and could see why Mark was riveted to her. She had on a white bra, it wasn't overly sexy, in fact it was quite thick and there was no chance of seeing any nipples through it. But it pushed her breasts up and together, and made her look much larger than the 34C she claimed to be. No wonder she buys a D cup, Maria thought. Her cleavage was virtually spilling over the top of her bra.

A cool breeze floated in from the open sliding door, and Maria felt her nipples harden. She looked down and compared herself to Leila. No, she wasn't as big as Leila was, but then again, in the camisole she didn't look so small either. And her nipples seemed to be showing quite clearly through the thin fabric, particularly now. She looked up and saw Carl watching her, not his girlfriend. Feeling incredibly daring, and a little turned on, she let her gaze drift from his eyes down over his chest, and finally let it rest on his crotch. She held it there for a moment then met his eyes again. Carl looked a little embarrassed, but she saw him clench his jaw slightly.

Maria laughed. "Well, who's ready to shed some more clothes? I know I am!" Yes, she was more than a little drunk. But it seemed to put everyone else at ease. Mark lifted his eyes from Leila's chest, and Carl seemed a bit more relaxed. Maria felt like Carl probably wasn't as ready for all this as Mark was. She and Mark had talked about doing something like this for a long time...they had already known how the other would feel about everything, and they knew just how far it all could go. They were as prepared as anyone could be. But she got the sense that this was totally new for Leila and Carl. She didn't figure their sex life was quite as adventurous as hers and Mark's. But that seemed to make it all the more exciting. She got the distinct impression that she and Mark were in control of this one...and the power made her feel all the more reckless...

"I guess it is my turn to deal," said Leila as she picked up the cards off the floor. "Are you all sure you want to keep going?" She looked about ready to fold, and yet Maria noticed a sense of persistence in her too, like she was determined to let the others be braver than her. She shuffled the cards absently.

Maria smiled as she looked at Mark and Carl. "I'm certainly not ready to quit," she said. "Mark hasn't lost anything but his socks, and he's not going to get away with that. I always kick his ass." Besides, she thought, she was damn ready to see what Carl was hiding inside those navy boxers he wore so well. She caught Mark's eye and knew she was busted, he could always read her mind. She smiled blandly at him and he rolled his eyes.

"Kick my ass huh?" replied Mark. "I don't think so hon. Not this time. I'm sure as hell not ready to quit yet. Go on Leila, deal out those cards."

"You've got to ante up before you deal," said Maria. "You're turn to bet first Carl," she said with a big smile. "Gee, I wonder what you'll put in." She looked pointedly at his underwear.

Leila seemed nervous about her boyfriend's lack of clothes, and Carl didn't seem too pleased either. Maria glanced at Mark and saw him grin as Carl threw in his underwear scrap of paper. It was the last one he had in front of him. He scowled a bit, but didn't say anything.

Mark tossed in his shirt, and Maria put in her jeans. She felt about ready to lose them, and was almost willing to throw the hand so that she could watch the other three watch her take them off. Almost.

Finally it was Leila's turn. "Ok Leila, throw in your bet!" Maria tried to encourage her friend, knowing she was nervous. She was walking a fine line, wanting to be there to comfort her friend, but also knowing that Mark was desperate to see more. She felt a little traitorous, but hell, no one had put a gun to Leila's head, after all. And Maria was sure that if things headed the way she thought they might, Leila would get a lot of enjoyment by the end of tonight...

"Well...I guess I'll put in my jeans too." Leila placed her scrap in the middle on top of the others, and then quickly dealt each of them five cards. Maria picked hers up and immediately felt relieved. A pair of eights, that was a good start, she might just pull this off again.

Carl looked slightly unsure of how to proceed, considering he had just bet the only article of clothing he had left. "Let's just take our cards now and then bet," said Maria, to take some of the pressure off the moment. She sure as hell didn't want anyone backing out yet due to nerves.

They all thought this was a good idea, and Leila dealt out new cards to those who wanted them. Maria took three new ones, and was pleased to see another eight turn up in her hand. Three eights! What were the chances of that? She was practically dancing in her seat. She was going to have them all out of their clothes before too long.

Mark laughed and suggested that they do the same as the last hand, and show their cards immediately. Carl seemed oddly reluctant, but didn't say anything.

"I don't know," Maria said, "I think it might be more fun to really lay it all on the line and bet again."

"Well, you know I certainly don't have a problem with that," Mark grinned at her.

He bet his jeans, and then Maria made a bit of a show of bending over on her hands and knees to put the little paper with 'camisole' written on it in the middle of the circle. Carl, sitting directly across from her, seemed to find it even more difficult to take his eyes off her chest. Just the way she wanted it.

As she sat back, Leila shrugged and said "I guess I have no choice but to put my bra in." She seemed to try to take the attention off herself, and said "For your sake Carl, I sure hope you have a good hand." Maria had a feeling it wasn't just for Carl's sake that Leila said this. She knew her friend had to have noticed her ogling her boyfriend. She couldn't help it. But she was hoping they were all drunk enough to be ready to shed those inhibitions. She certainly was, and she figured that Mark was too, although he probably didn't need quite so much of the booze as the rest of them did.

After putting her paper into the middle, Leila laid down her cards, and showed a pair of queens. Ha! thought Maria, I knew it. I've got her just where I want her - and where Mark wants her too.

Maria gloatingly put down her three eights, and Mark revealed a partial flush. She looked up from the cards and noticed Carl's huge smile. Uh oh, she thought, this doesn't look good.

Carl laid down a full house, aces and eights, the dead man's hand. Maria was disappointed only for a moment, as she realized with a thrill that this would take her right down to her panties. Now it was Carl's turn to smile, and Maria was surprised to find him meeting her eye as he grinned. Point taken, she thought. I guess I'm not holding all the cards tonight.

Maria watched as Mark took off his shirt, revealing his broad chest. Even with Carl sitting almost naked next to him, she couldn't take her eyes off her boyfriend. She felt the familiar warmth flow over her as she looked at his naked skin, knowing exactly how it would feel under her fingertips. He stood up and pulled his jeans down, revealing his white boxers, the soft ones he knew she liked. He met her eye and they smiled fondly at each other. No matter where tonight led, they knew they were doing this together.

Taking his lead, Maria also stood up and reached for the button on her jeans. The sound of the zipper seemed to echo in the suddenly quiet apartment as she slowly slid it down. She peeled the jeans off her hips, and knew that everyone could see the shadow of her pubic hair through her sheer white panties. Sitting back down, she looped the camisole straps over her shoulders, and shrugged herself out of it. The evening air felt cool against her skin, and she shivered. But she made no motion to cover her breasts or her hard, pointed nipples.

She knew without looking that Carl was watching her. He seemed to be rapidly becoming more comfortable, and turned from her to put his hand on Leila's leg. "It's your turn babe. Why don't you get out of those pants your in."

Maria thought for sure that Leila would protest, but she seemed to finally have noticed Carl's change of attitude, and Maria got the impression that she was ready to make an impact. It's amazing what a little competition can do to a person, thought Maria.

Leila stood and took her jeans off quickly. She had a pair of light green panties on, the ones that looked like boy panties. They were skin tight and Maria knew Mark was staring at the camel toe that was so clearly visible. Leila turned around as she bent to put her jeans down, and even Maria was pretty turned on by the sight of the minty fabric hugging her little bum.
