 Thanks to luvtaread for editing

Brandon awoke the next morning and was at first surprised to see the mane of red hair. As the events of the previous nights came back in vivid detail he relaxed and held Mel as she slept. As Brandon lay there he thought back with amazement at what had gone on and how much of herself Mel had given to him last night. He was not sure she fully realized it. 

His thoughts however were disturbed by two figures looking in the door at the still sleeping pair. As Katy looked ready to shout out Brandon put a finger to his lips and Ashley covered her mouth in time to avoid waking the sleeping Mel. Brandon gave a wink to Ashley and understanding she escorted the energetic blonde out of the entrance with a wide smile on her face.

Brandon waited a minute or two then decided it was time to wake his partner and he had just the method to do it. With one hand he found her ample tits and began to massage them, and with the other he located her pussy. It was not long until his combined efforts began to make her wet, this in turn allowed him to begin working his fingers in and out of her at a slow pace. As he intended his gentle massage of her tits combined with his slow finger fuck built her slowly and steadily to her climax. It did not take long for her breathing to grow shallow and for her to begin moaning softly in appreciate of his efforts. 

Some time later when her body could no longer take the stimulation she cried out in her sleep and Brandon saw her awaken as a powerful orgasm ravished her body. He held her to him as she rode the waves of pleasure. 

When she had seemed to have recovered he said, "Well, good morning Mel, I trust you slept well?" Mel nodded and Brandon continued, "I hope you didn't mind my little wake up call. It was that or letting and an excited Katy wake you by screaming out something. Besides, this gives me time to say some things, but I get the feeling your not in the talking mood this morning Mel. So, why don't we meet up after lunch and talk about what happened last night. That ought to give you time to sort out your thoughts a bit, or decide whether you're going to rip my balls off or something." He received no response and Mel seemed to be in some kind of trance. 

As he disengaged from their snuggle he said, "Come on Mel, we better get dressed and out to breakfast before Katy comes looking for you again." 

The redhead nodded and silently got up and rose from the bed to dress herself. As Brandon finished dressing he noticed she had barely moved. Brandon was concerned so he crossed over to her and hugged her close, he felt her head hit his shoulder and he lifted it so her gaze met his.

"Mel, you have nothing to be ashamed of," he said in a calm voice. "What you and I did last night was natural. If you felt forced then I apologize, but all you would to have said was no, and I would have stopped. If you're worried about hurting Katy or betraying Ashley, don't be. This was their idea in the first place, I would have done that to either of them otherwise. Like I said though, I want to talk later, when you're ready." Then he kissed her softly and hugged her close one more time and left the shelter saying, "Take your time and come to breakfast when you're ready."

Brandon went to breakfast and after telling Ashley and Katy that Mel would be along shortly, set to eating. As expected Mel emerged a few minutes later to join them. She was still pretty silent through the meal, but Katy and Ashley got her to talk a bit. After he finished breakfast Brandon set off to his usual morning tasks leaving the girls alone to talk more without him. He hoped Mel would open up to the other two more, but he doubted it. 

When he rejoined the ladies for lunch he was pleased that Mel was back to herself, for the most part anyway. After lunch he set off on his own again he said it was to think and fish, but he and Mel knew the real reason. As he sat fishing he heard someone approaching.

"Ah, Mel I was hoping you'd turn up." He said not taking his eyes off the water. 

"How did you know it was me?" Mel asked sitting down next to him.

"Well, I was hoping you'd come for one, but I knew from simple elimination. I can still see Katy swimming out there and Ashley's steps are longer than yours so unless there's a fifth person here, it had to be you. So, what brings you out here this afternoon?"

"You wanted to talk, so let's talk." Mel said 

"Well, actually I said most of what I wanted to say in the hut this morning. I enjoyed what happened last night thoroughly and want to do it again, but I will not force you into anything you do not want. If that was a one time thing then fine, it would be a shame in my opinion, but if that's your wish then so be it. Given your history with my gender I certainly understand your reluctance to trust me or put yourself in a vulnerable position. So, what I am trying to say is, whether anything happens further is up to you. Other than that I have nothing more to say on the matter and I was hoping you did." Then he paused and let that sink in before saying, "Also, I wouldn't mind knowing whether my balls are safe, it would take a huge weight off my mind." 

Mel laughed and said, "As to that I think you're safe, I wouldn't do that to Ashley." Then after a pause she said, "Besides I think you have promise to be a good dad, not that you won't screw it up, but all the same..." 

"Thanks," Brandon aid touched by the comment.

"You're welcome. As for the other matter of last night, I don't know yet. You've given me a lot to think about, and don't pat yourself on the back too much, as not all of it is good. That said I do appreciate your position on the matter." With that she rose and left him to his thoughts.

After that talk things went back to normal. Even Katy and Ashley left Mel alone about what had happened. In a way life got simpler for him and Ashley as they were only involved in one plot now, and that was the preparations for major storms. Somehow along with Mel and Ashley's help had managed to gather what was needed without attracting attention from Katy. Brandon spent a lot of time away from camp over the next few weeks, part of in the cave working to make it livable, but he also spent time at the other beach making preparations for a raft. 

After the third week since finding the cave had passed he decided that nearly two months was far too long to expect rescue. So using wood and materials from the wrecked speedboat he began construction on a craft that would allow him to survive the water long enough to find help. 

Unfortunately it seemed that nature had other ideas as bad whether threatened the island for the first time since they had arrived. Brandon was sure the clouds in the distance only meant one thing. So, he abandoned work on the three quarters finished raft and decided to bury it a few feet underground in case a hurricane hit the island figuring it would be safer there. It took him the better part of a day to secure the unfinished raft. The next day he supported Mel's recommendation that they move camp to the cave. 

The following day, nearly two months to the day from when they had arrived, he and the girls loaded themselves with supplies as planned and headed up to take refuge in the cave. It turned out to be a wise move as the storms rolled in that night. Not that they could tell. The cave turned out to be better than he had expected at shielding the weather, this combined with the cave warming party that Katy insisted they throw, was able to keep their minds off the storm.

As the weather raged against the rocks outside, lust raged through the cave occupants. What drove them to it in the first place he was not fully sure, all he knew was there was no stopping it now. One minute they were eating and the next he was on his back with Ashley's pussy grinding against his mouth as he ate her out. The warmth of Katy's mouth as around his dick and he was pretty sure that Mel was fucking her from behind. 

As he concentrated on Ashley's wet slit he tried to fight off cumming as Katy teased him. All the sudden his attention was diverted was he felt he mouth leave the shaft only to be quickly replaced by a familiar mouth. Ashley had bent down to from a 69 position with Brandon. A few second later he felt her mouth leave his hard shaft and Katy's take over. 

While the pair continued to trade off sucking him he took advantage of his lover's new position and located her hard nipples and gave them each a pinch. Apparently it was not her turn to suck him, at that moment because he heard a loud cry of shock and pleasure as he began playing with the firm mounds. This combined with the fact he had redoubled his efforts on her pussy brought her quickly to a climax and her sweet juices exploded into his face. 

Katy picked that moment to finish him off by sucking hard on his sensitive head and he quickly exploded into her mouth. As Katy cleaned him up he felt Ashley leave him and when he looked up, found her behind Mel. Ashley hands went straight for the redheads aroused tits and soon had her moaning in pleasure. As she got more turned on Mel increased her thrusts into Katy and as a result the blonde began crying out in ecstasy as she clearly neared cumming. Brandon's cock got new life watching the three women go at it and made a quick decision.

He got up and positioned himself behind Ashley. She was so distracted by trying to help Mel cum that she failed to notice him until he began rubbing his dick against her still wet pussy. Mel came and collapsed to the bed as Brandon bent Ashley over and pushed his lubricated shaft into her tight ass. She screamed in pain a bit but soon was moaning in pleasure. She even bent down a bit to get her mouth around Mel's strap-on. 

"Oh that feels good darling, keep fucking my ass." She said after taking her mouth off the fake cock. Then to his surprise she said, "Mel, oh fuck, I want you too, fuck my pussy, please."

Mel apparently needed no second invitation and positioned herself below Ashley and lined up the plastic shaft with the brunette's dripping pussy. Brandon paused a bit to let Mel get set then as she started to thrust in and out of Ashley, he resumed and soon they had a good rhythm going. 

Seeing what was going on Katy buzzed around kissing, licking, sucking and massaging anywhere she could. That was until Mel captured her long enough for her to get a few fingers in the blondes pussy while Ashley's mouth latched onto the same target. This only made Brandon's quest to keep from cumming all the harder as the tangle of women below him was just too sexy to be admired without cumming for too long. 

Fortunately, the double fuck was proving too much for Ashley and Mel was not too far behind, with Katy rapidly catching up. The chorus of moans proved to be Brandon's undoing though and he shot wave after wave of cum into Ashley's perfect ass. This in turn set off Ashley who exploded followed very shortly by Katy and Mel. The four collapsed into an exhausted heap. 

Well, almost exhausted, it seemed Katy had not had enough yet. So after cleaning his dick again she sucked it back to full strength before mounting the hard shaft. Soon she was once again bouncing up and down on the hard shaft. After a bit Brandon reached up to play with the big boobs, much to the appreciation of their owner. 

Due to her fast pace and the attention her sensitive mounds were getting it was not long before Katy was riding multiple orgasms. Since he had cum twice already Brandon was able to weather the clenching of her pussy muscles on his shaft as he helped her bounces.

To his surprise he saw Mel straddle his head facing Katy taking his place as the one giving attention to Katy's boobs. As she bent over to reach the blonde's tits with her mouth, her pussy was mighty close to his mouth. Making a quick decision he lifted his head and was able to give the wet slit a slow lick. He heard a soft, tit muffled moan as he did and waited, getting no response he did it once more this time as his tongue left the sensitive lips he saw her wiggle her butt a bit to try to keep contact. Taking this as a cue he grabbed her hips and scooted her back a few inches until he had full access to the redhead's pussy. 

Not waiting for her reaction he dove right in and began furiously licking the wet pussy. The attack must have surprised Mel because her next moan was long and clear and meant she had broke contact with Katy's boobs. 

Brandon lay there pleasuring both Mrs. Murphys for the first time and marveled at the feeling. It was also the first time he had sexually touched Mel since that first encounter. As his tongue went to work Mel began to grind her pussy against his mouth and he used his idle hands to hold her squirming ass in place. 

As he held her there he felt an odd sensation as a tongue began to lick his sack between bounces from Katy. Ashley's tongue pushed him over an edge he had been teetering on for a few minutes and he exploded into the busty blonde as he felt her pussy once again clench in orgasm. As he came his tongue and fingers found Mel's clit and a sharp tweaking of it drove the redhead over the edge as well.

When he had recovered he found that Ashley had lowered his partners to the bed. Then to his utter surprise found her mouth on his softening shaft. It did not take long for her to make it hard again. It was another hand that found it once it was hard though. Brandon looked over and saw Mel had grabbed his shaft. 

He looked at her he saw the lust in her eyes as she quietly asked, "Fuck me, please?"

Brandon nodded and got off the bed and positioned himself between her legs and pushed his cock into her. He went slow at first, but picked up speed as he went. Five minutes later as her moans got louder he looked over and noticed they were not alone. He looked over to see Ashley and Katy lying together fingering each other.

Another twenty minutes passed before Brandon felt his orgasm cumming and as he tried to slow up he felt Mel's legs close behind him and he instead sped up. He was rewarded by screams of pleasure from the strong redhead as her body shook with pleasure. As he felt her pussy spasm he let go and shot a few waves of cum into her pussy. He then lowered himself to the bed and rolled Mel over so they faced each other. 

He gave her a kiss and held her close to him as she drifted off to sleep. As he fell asleep he vaguely remembered feeling somebody cuddle up to him from behind. The storm raged outside but as he lay there he felt quite content. 

His dreams though did not reflect his calm mood. They were full of the nagging suspicion that the storm outside was no mere rainstorm. This was confirmed by the fact that the next day the rain and winds only got worse. The next day he was sure as the strongest rain and winds yet hit the island. He feared the worst when all the sudden it all stopped and as it did his stomach sank. 

Ashley looked with concern on her face as well and Mel confused asked, "What am I missing guys, why is this bad?" 

Neither looked at her as Ashley answered, "This is the eye, which means this is a full blown..."

"Hurricane," Mel finished looking a little scared, which made Brandon's next statement all the harder to say.

"Yeah, and the worst part of a hurricane is always the back end."

All three stared at the sky in horror as they awaited the second part of a storm that had already done massive damage to the island, and knowing it was only going to get worse.