 Thanks to luvtaread for editing

Total Ruin.

That was the way Brandon found the camp that had, up until a few days before, been his home. As he stood with Ashley, he stared in raw shock, despite the fact he had been expecting it, seeing this amount of damage was still overwhelming. 

The situation was too much for Ashley and as tears streamed from her eyes he did his best to comfort her. It was apparent she had the same realization he had. Not only were the things they had made for comfort gone, but all chances of long term survival were virtually gone. 

Although the island would recover eventually and its fruit trees and the fish would come back, it would not be soon enough. Which meant two staples for Brandon and his friends' survival where now gone. Even the water in this place was undrinkable due to the amount of dirt and debris that had flowed into the steam.

In that moment Brandon made his decision, he would dig up the raft and rebuild it if necessary and he would set out for help. No longer could he fool himself that all would be okay, that help would eventually come. Help, like the trees, required time, and that was a luxury they no longer had. 

As Brandon left with Ashley he made his plans. He would take her back to the new camp at the cave then he would set out to locate his buried raft. He would restore it and in a few days, set of to find help.

When he and Ashley reached camp they did their best to put on happy faces to soften the news. They were unsuccessful because as they entered the cave Katy took one look at them and her usual cheerfulness disappeared. It was like watching someone turn out a light. 

She went into a sort of trance looking back and forth between them for some sign they were joking. As Ashley hugged her best friend to comfort her, Brandon's eyes met Mel's as she too came to hear the news. He did not need words though as she seemed to instantly understand.

"Totaled?" She asked in a quiet voice and Brandon just nodded.

"The hut, the fruit tress, and my fishing area, all are gone or unusable. Even the stream is undrinkable for at least a few days. It's not just the camp either, half the island got wiped out by the storm." 

After that sunk in she asked, "So what now?" Brandon smiled internally, typical Mel, tough and practical. The next step needed doing and right away. 

Having thought this out himself he said, "Well, first thing is that we'll need more food. Given the winds it will be hard to find but, we need to search anyway. Next, thing is water, as most of the stream is now unusable I suggest we look for another source. Fortunately we caught enough during the storms to hold us over for a few days, but we need another source should that run out before the stream cleans up." Then after a pause he added, "So what I think we should do is have you three look around here." 

"And you will be?" Mel asked.

"Going out long range with one of the weapons seeing if another beach survived enough to allow fishing or has food still around. Also, I might see if any useful debris washed up. That reef the speedboat crashed on for instance might have caught something." She nodded and, as she went over to help Ashley in cheering up Katy, Brandon gathered supplies to go exploring.

Once clear of the camp he made straight for the spot where he had hidden his raft. After some digging he was pleased to find it intact. By early afternoon he had pulled it out of the ground. The storm had helped his cause by eroding quite a bit of top layers of soil.

Once he had the raft on the surface he began searching around. He was looking a wide variety of things fish, fruit, water, materials for the raft, and useful debris on the reef. His results were not great. He did mange to find some fish, which he managed to catch for dinner. The search for water and fruit was a complete bust though.

What he found in abundance though were raft materials. The strong winds had downed several trees and littered the ground with usable wood. As he had hoped it appeared the storm had carried some debris with it. He found mostly pieces that had broken off of larger boats or things that had been washed over board. 

Useless items to most, but great treasures to Brandon's raft effort. Rope, life rings, coolers, nets, lanterns, flashlights, and even what looked to be the mast and ripped sail of a windboard. This last find was a real treasure because it could potentially provide the push the raft needed to clear the islands tides as well as the means he would need to reach a trafficked area of the sea.

He brought back the fruits of his search in the form of the fish and a few of the more useful items from the reef. The girls' trip had not been as successful, but they did manage to locate a clean water source. As they ate the fish Brandon brought and enjoyed the light of the new lanterns the mood in the cave was far better than it had been when he and Ashley had come back. Full of fish and tired from their work all four collapsed together and fell asleep immediately.

The next few days passed much the same, each day Brandon went to work on the raft and to get more fish, now their primary food source, at least until the ladies could find more fruit or other food. A search which took up most of their day, the good news is they were able to find some, but it depended on the day. Brandon also kept a signal fire burning each day still hoping to avoid using his raft. 

However, once he had finished repairing the windboard's sail he was out of excuses, it was time. The weather had cleared, the raft was ready, and even the storm had apparently not brought their island outside attention. His dilemma now was how to break it to his companions that he intended to leave them alone while he set off to find help. 

After all, he had to admit to himself it was a little stupid and suicidal, but he believed in playing odds a bit. If he should reach help, he could send them help. If help found the island by some chance they could look for him. Either way there was a good chance that they would soon be off the island. One thing he knew was that there was no way they could survive on the island for too long. It was a miracle they had made it this long, not to mention survived a hurricane. He knew another disaster like that and they would be in dire straights.

His problem was solved a bit when he reached camp that night. Upon entering the cave he was pulled aside by Ashley and Mel who informed him that tomorrow was Katy's birthday and that they had surprises ready for her big day. 

Apparently he was to rest as he would be an integral part of the festivities tomorrow. Brandon had a good idea which specific part would be integral. Still, he agreed to help in any way he could. He was glad of the celebration as it might give him the opportunity he needed to tell them of his plans without them being overly ticked off about it.

The next day Ashley shook him awake. Due to amount of fucking that would be expected from the other two, she had decided to let them sleep while she made breakfast. Now, however, it was time to wake the birthday girl. Each took their positions above the sleeping blonde, Mel at her pussy Brandon and Ashley each taking a boob. 

On the count of three they all dove for their respective target and began attacking it with their fingers and tongues. The effect was immediate and Katy's eyes shot open and she screamed out in pleasure. Unfazed her three friends continued to work on their assigned areas and, as they had done weeks before in the natural hot tub, they soon had her screaming out in ecstasy as she rode orgasm after orgasm. After a few minutes the trio stopped.

"Happy Birthday Katy!" They said in unison as Katy caught her breath. 

She smiled and gave them each a big kiss and said, "Thanks guys, it was a good start to my special day, but I hope there's more..." 

"Of course there is my dear," Mel said with a smile, "But before we get to that I believe Ashley has made you breakfast. As it smells pretty good it would be a shame to waste. 

Katy sniffed and nodding said, "Yes, it would." They helped her to her feet and she didn't bother to dress. 

As she stood up she pause and they looked at her and Mel asked, "What's wrong dear?" 

Katy pouted and said, "Well, I thought since it was my day everybody would go naked, but you're wearing clothes." 

Mel smirked and removing her top said, "Well, how silly of us!" before she removed her panties. Brandon followed suit by removing his shorts as Ashley removed her top and panties. When all three were nude Mel asked, "Better dear?"

"Much." She said then walked between Mel and Brandon and put an arm around each began walking toward where Ashley had breakfast laid out. As they walked Brandon and Mel looked at each other over Katy's head and silently a silently agreed to something. On the count of three both bent down and each placed a hand on her butt and under each thigh they lifted her off the ground in a seated position Katy moved her arms to their shoulders for support and they carried her that way until they reached Ashley. 

As they set her down she pouted again saying the seat was not the way she wanted, She then directed a stunned Brandon into her seat first before lowering herself on to his lap making sure to tease his morning wood with her butt. 

Now that she was content with her seat breakfast was allowed to begin. It was delicious as Ashley had broken in the supplies to make a better meal than usual. All four made sure to at hearty as they knew energy would be needed in the coming hours. Katy made Brandon's breakfast a little tougher by wiggling her butt every so often. 

Of course once breakfast was over Katy demanded to be taken to the bed again to be fucked from behind. So Brandon carried her to the bed he lowered her onto all fours and began slowly working in and out of the slick pussy. As he fucked her Ashley and Mel began kissing and caressing her all over. 

With so much stimulation it did not take long for her to cum. Brandon paused as she came and let her ride the orgasm before continuing to fuck her. This time he went harder and soon after her first he felt her cum again. This time he kept pounding through it sensing his own climax coming.

He made it only a few minutes longer before he could hold it no longer and exploded into her(,) it was enough to push her over a third time. As they both came down from their orgasms they were guided to the bed by Mel and Ashley. After a brief rest for Katy, as she lay in Brandon's arms, Ashley dove between her legs and began licking her clean. It did not take long before the blonde mound was clean of Katy's and Brandon's cum. Soon after Katy was approaching yet another climax and as she came in Ashley's face Ashley again cleaned her up.

"Well guys we're a third the way home I think. As I believe that was number eight. Only sixteen more to go." Mel said 

"Sixteen what hon?" Katy asked puzzled. 

Ashley smirked and answered for Mel, "Why orgasms of course. Instead on birthday spankings we are giving you birthday orgasms. One for each year and as you are twenty-four today we need to give you twenty-four, and we now have eight to our credit. So we have sixteen to go." 

Katy looked at Mel a bit hurt and asked, "No spankings this year, but baby, you know I like your birthday spankings." 

"Oh don't worry dear you'll get those too," Mel said, "But I figured since I had help this year I would give you something truly memorable." 

"Oh you are so good to me!" Katy said smiling.

"I know," Mel replied, "So birthday girl what's next? After all it is your day!"

"Well right now, I want to taste of that juicy pussy of yours dear." 

Mel smiled and spread her legs for Katy and said, "If that is your wish." 

As Katy positioned herself between the strong thighs she said, "Yes, and I would also like Brandon to give Ashley a little oral relief as well, she's going crazy over there." 

Ashley's eyes lit up and Brandon got up and spread her legs saying, "As you wish Miss Katy." 

He took a second to admire his lover's dark hair covered pussy before he dove in and began licking and kissing her swollen lips. As her moans grew louder he slowed down, backing her off the edge before attacking again. 

Katy had taught him a few tricks and it appeared Ashley loved them. After a few minutes of this he found her clit and sensing she was close gave it a hard suck. The effect was instant Ashley screamed out and fluid gushed out of her which Brandon lapped up with his tongue as Ashley's hips bucked in ecstasy.

After she had come down Brandon noted Katy's face still buried in Mel's pussy, with her cute butt high in the air. Not being able to resist Brandon pointed it out to Ashley and understanding she nodded. They both got up and moved behind Katy and Ashley sucked on Brandon's cock to wet it before he lined it up with her tight asshole. Slowly he pushed into Katy's inviting ass. As he did Ashley moved under the blonde and simultaneously began caressing her big boobs and the dripping pussy. 

Cries of surprise and intense pleasure issued from Katy as Brandon and Ashley went to work. Soon after they had started they heard Mel cry out in pleasure and soon after that Brandon saw her pulling on the strap-on. She crawled under the blonde and helped Brandon lower Katy so that the plastic shaft made contact with the blonde's dripping pussy. As soon as Mel was placed Ashley began kissing and caressing any part of Katy she could reach as Brandon and Mel double fucked Katy.

Both went at a rapid pace and by the time Brandon shot waves of cum into the blonde they were half way home on the orgasm count. As Brandon pulled out of her, Katy collapsed into Mel and as the redhead wrapped her arms around the tired blonde Brandon noticed that Katy had fallen asleep. As Mel drifted to sleep holding the sleeping birthday girl Ashley and Brandon set about accomplishing various tasks around the cave. 

As noon approached with Katy still sleeping Brandon and Ashley prepared lunch. When they were ready they shook Mel awake and she smirked before working her wife up and down the shaft still buried in her pussy by lifting the blonde by the hips. Soon Katy subconsciously began helping and awoke to orgasm number thirteen.

Lunch was short, but good. Everybody was sure to drink plenty of water. They especially made Katy drink up before she could make any more requests.

Well rested, fed, and watered the energetic blonde was ready for round two. She opted for a lesbian orgy with Ashley and Mel that afternoon and wanted a big fish for dinner that night so she sent Brandon to the beach for it. Not one to question his orders, Brandon grabbed his fishing gear and headed for his favorite spot. As he walked away from the cave the loud moans he heard told him that when he got back that orgasm count would be pretty near their goal. 

His fishing went well, as he tested out his raft's seaworthiness by using it to secure Katy's fish. Succeeding in both tasks he took the rest of the afternoon to evaluate the weather on the horizon and plot out his planned route. 

He was able to do the latter because of a map and compass he had found on the wrecked boats months ago. He had not shared it with the others because it painted a grim picture. It seemed the spot one of the kidnappers had marked as the island was literally in the middle of nowhere. 

This did explain the reason no one had found them yet. However, he was fairly certain that by going northwest he could make contact with the shipping lanes, or at least the lane the cruise liner had followed. He knew this because it too was marked on the map.

When he had finished plotting his route and secured the raft for the night he headed for the cave. As he walked back he ran over what he would say and how later and when he would mention his plan. A part of him also wondered exactly what he would find. 

As he arrived with the fish he found all three asleep in each others arms, Katy in between the others with Mel on her right and Ashley on her left. The sight of the three gorgeous women lying there naked made him go instantly hard. Shaking of his thoughts and ignoring his painful hard-on, Brandon grabbed a few supplies and began cooking the big fish outside on a pit he had prepared before he left.

As he cooked the fish he could not help think how crazy his idea was. Not only was it risky, but it meant leaving behind those three. That alone would be damn hard, but it had to be done. The time had come for reality to enter his life again this life could not last forever. If he was successful they would all go back to their lives, Katy and Mel to Boston and wedded bliss, Ashley probably to her family in Georgia and to pursing teaching, and he would go back to Chicago to try to pick up his life after the lay off. 

As dinner was finishing apparently the smell had reached the girls and had drawn Ashley out of the cave. She joined him as he finished up and they sat talking, as they did he knew he was going to miss her when he left the next day. He had decided that on the beach, tomorrow was the day. 

Today would be his last orgy with the three beauties. He would give Katy a hell of a birthday before setting out to try to save them all. If he failed at least she would have a fond memory of him, he hoped they all would. He knew one thing for sure he would never forget today.

Soon the fish was ready and they roused Katy and Mel for dinner. When she saw the fish Katy leapt into his arms and showered him with kisses. It was truly a magnificent catch and even Mel was impressed with the size of the fish. 

When they could all eat no more Mel made an announcement, "Well ladies and gentleman it is time for the traditional birthday spankings." Then pausing and looking at Katy she added, "However, it is to be done a little differently this year. At the request of our birthday girl each of us is to give her eight spankings each. Speaking of which..." She looked at Brandon and asked, "Did you bring the item?" Brandon nodded and Mel continued, "Good retrieve it if you will because we are to go in alphabetical order. So Ashley if you would take the seat first." 

Ashley rose and sat on the designated rock and Brandon ran to a niche in the cave wall and retrieved something. Before Katy took her place across Ashley's lap, Brandon approached Ashley with the item behind him. 

With a nod from Mel he began, "A while back I got bored fishing and spotted a piece of wood, it looked kind of like a familiar object and I decided to carve it to make it more recognizable. I finished it weeks ago and have been waiting for a time to give it to you. When Mel told me about the spankings last night I told her about it, and she thought it would be a good idea. So here it is and I hope you like it," He said before pulling a hand carved ruler from behind his back. As he gave to her he said, "I made it as close to scale as I could, I figured it's a good start as any to your future classroom. I even carved your name into the back." She flipped it over in her hand to reveal to all that 'Miss Wesson' was carved on the backside. 

Tears welled up in Ashley's eyes as she rose, wrapped her arms around him and kissed him. Brandon surprised by her reaction kissed her back. When the kiss broke she looked into his eyes and said, "Thank you, I love it, you have no idea what this means to me, no one has ever done this for me." Then she looked in horror at Katy and said, "Oh, Katy I am sorry I stole your thunder on your birthday, can you forgive me?" 

Katy pouted for a bit then smiled and said, "Of course I can Miss Wesson. If you can forgive me being late to class ma'am." 

Then winking at Ashley, Mel said, "Oh no Miss Wesson you can't forgive that offense, not to mention Katy's underdressed again. I saw Mr. Metcalf staring earlier." 
