 Thanks to luvtaread for editing

The next few days were trying for all on board the small raft. In many ways Brandon regretted bringing the ladies, but in the same regard the company had its value. For one, due to the rotation schedule he got more rest and spent less time baking under the sun than he would have alone. Also, it helped to have Mel and even Ashley at times when the raft needed to be propelled by the oars due to a lack of wind, as it meant that he could trade off propelling the craft. 

Katy was a help here too because, although she was not good at rowing, she monitored the others like a watchful mother and made sure none of them over taxed themselves. She even gave massages to those who had just finished, which definitely helped them relax.

Due to the fact that they had to row a good portion of the way, it took a lot longer to reach where the map showed the shipping lanes and about where the liner had passed months ago. Of course they had veered off course a few times and that was of little help. They also had no way of knowing how far they had gone, but seeing no land in sight, just continued in the direction of the travel lanes. Since they were headed northwest they figured they would eventually hit U.S. waters. The question was would the supplies run out before then?

Brandon's questions were answered one day as he lay under cover resting after finishing his shift on the oars. He had just closed his eyes when Katy shook him awake, yelling his name excitedly. A bit dazed he did not first understand what her excitement was about. 

It was then that Mel, who was rowing, said, "Brandon, you better take a look at this." 

Intrigued Brandon got up and carefully moved out from under the cover of the dark cloth. When his eyes adjusted a bit he saw both pointing an object on the horizon an object that was getting closer by the second. Upon second glance he noticed a few smaller objects in its vicinity.

"Under cover all of you," he said quickly to the other three who were all now looking at the approaching objects. Mel glared at him and went to argue, but he cut her off, "Mel just do it okay?!" 

Mel seemed to think better of arguing with him and begrudgingly nodded and joined Ashley and Katy with the gear. Brandon draped the cloth over all of them and picked up the oars and began rowing toward the oncoming objects. As he did he hoped they were friendly. It would be rotten luck to have made it this long and this far to run into pirates.

As they got closer Brandon recognized them as what appeared to be three ships, one huge one and two smaller vessels. They were coming from the northwest directly where he was headed. Brandon was still a little nervous but the increasing size of each was reassuring, as he figured something that big could not be pirates or smugglers.

A few minutes later when he was sure one was a sort of tanker and the other two were definitely warships. Hoping he was right he raised the colored sail in hopes of being spotted. As soon as he did he saw the group turn away from him slightly. In reaction he grabbed the flare gun he had found amongst John's things when he had searched the camp all that time ago and fired it. 

As he did he saw the right ship break from the group and turn in the raft's direction, slowing considerably as it did. Soon after a helicopter launched from the deck of the ship and headed straight for the raft. As it got closer Brandon recognized it a US Navy rescue chopper and he smiled.

"You can come out girls, cause it looks like we're going home."

A few minutes later all four, and Katy's bag, were aboard the navy ship. As they were welcomed aboard a passer by who happened to notice the logo on Brandon's PFD which he still had from the ships lifeboat.

The passer by stopped and said, "Excuse me, sir, I'm Ned Haleman of the NTSB," and he produced a badge to prove it before asking, "If you don't mind me asking where did you get the vest?" 

Brandon looked down at it and said, "Well, it's a long story, but to give you the short version I'll copy a popular phrase. I went on a cruise and all I got was a lousy life vest."

Agent Haleman looked at him with shock before asking in disbelief, "Wait...YOU were on the Nexus?!" 

Brandon's stomach sank as the shock in Agent Haleman's words and his tone confirmed his worst fears. Out of the corner of his eye Brandon saw Katy break into tears and Mel comforting her. 

Trying to remain calm Brandon nodded and said, "Yes, in fact we all were, and I take it from your incredulity that at my statement that something has happened to it." 

Agent Haleman looked grim and said, "Yes, I am sorry to tell you this, but it suffered a major catastrophe and sank just over two months ago. The damage was total and until today there were thought to be no survivors. I think we will need to hear that story of yours, sir. All of your stories in fact as well as anything you can tell us about the ship before you got off." 

Brandon nodded but in light of his own tired state and looking at his companions he said, "Yes, that is true Agent Haleman, but my friends and I have just spent almost a week on the open water in the craft you found us. We are quite tired at the moment. So if you can wait a few hours I think we could all use rest and some food." 

"Of course, forgive me. It's just for us you and your friends are an incredible find. Not only because it's a kind of miracle but you can hopefully fill in some blanks in our report. You see this group was headed to do some salvage work at the accident site when you signaled us." 

Brandon nodded and said, "I understand, and you shall have our full cooperation once we have rested."

Agent Haleman nodded and made arrangements for them to be taken to some sleeping quarters. Once all four had slept and eaten each was interviewed by Agent Haleman and his colleagues. When it was all finished and the two sides had compared notes, the truth was revealed.

It appeared the cause of the disaster was a glitch in the computer system that had allowed a gas leak to go unnoticed. Around the time of the storm reached the ship it had been permeated with gas to such an extent that the slightest of sparks could have set off an explosion that would have destroyed the ship. 

At the worst part of the storm the gas reached the engine room where it is believe it caught fire setting off a chain reaction that completely destroyed the ship. The size of the explosion combined with the late hour and fierceness of the storm made it virtually impossible for there to be any survivors.

"By the time the cruise line knew anything had happened and help had been sent for, there was no sign of the ship or its passengers. It took us over a week to find the wreckage." Agent Haleman said solemnly, "With over 5,000 passengers dead it is now the worst peacetime sea disaster in history." 

With the questioning finished Agent Haleman arranged to have them taken immediately to the head office in Miami. This was not only to file his reports and verify facts, but also to notify family and restore their identities as all who had been on board The Nexus had been assumed dead. So after several flights, they spent another long day telling their stories and filling paperwork. Not to mention once the media got word of their story they were hounded for interviews.

By the time they reached the suite that someone, either the hotel or cruise line, had comped for their stay in Miami, they were all exhausted. Due to the media attention they were given a multi-room suite on the top floor to themselves. 

Although they had multiple rooms they only used two, Mel and Katy used one and Brandon and Ashley the other. Worn out from the interviews and glad to be in rooms with actual beds and working bathrooms all four just collapsed into bed and fell asleep. 

The next day after a large and very delicious breakfast the girls insisted that shopping was in order. So the trio set off to buy new clothes and replace other items lost in the accident, Brandon had to go to the NTSB office again because they needed to sign something. He had also been instructed to get his hair cut.

When Brandon got back he found the ladies weren't back yet so he laid on the couch and watched the first TV he seen in months. He lay there just enjoying the relaxation and wondering how close the girls were coming to offsetting the national debt while shopping.

His answer came when, hours later and laden with bags, Katy, Mel, and Ashley came through the door with help from some of the hotel staff. 

As the hotel help left Brandon looked at the stack in amazement and asked, "Did you three leave anything in those stores?!"

"Yes, but that's not all we did today." Ashley said.

"Yeah, notice anything different?" Katy asked. 

Upon being asked Brandon looked at all three again and it appeared that they have visited a spa of some sort. As the closer look at them revealed changes to their hair and work to their finger and toe nails. 

"Um, if I'm not mistaken you three got your hair and nails done." Brandon said guessing. 

"See he noticed." Katy said with a smile

"Yeah, after you pointed it out Katy." Mel said.

"Well, you look great, then again, I always think you three look great so..." Ashley and Katy beamed and walked over and kissed him.

"Kiss ass," Mel as the other two finished showing their appreciation.

Katy looked at her said, "I believe the words you're looking for dear are 'thank you.'" 

Mel smiled at her then tuned to Brandon and quietly said, "I'm sorry Brandon, thank you," then after a pause added, "But you're still a kiss ass."

"Well at least he's OUR kiss ass and we love that about him don't we?" Ashley said and got nods of approval from the other two.

After that the TV was switched off and the three spent the next hour showing off what they had bought. It was not until Ashley placed a bag next to him that he realized that they had bought him stuff as well. Most of it was everyday clothes to wear until he got home. He was surprised how well it all fit him. It was a bit more in style than he usually bought, but he figured that's what happens when women buy you clothes. 

When they showed him some dressier clothes though, he knew something was up. His curiosity piqued a bit he asked, "Okay ladies, while I appreciate this," he said looking down at the outfit he was wearing, "I don't really see the need for it." 

Ashley smiled as she sidled up to him and said, "Oh, but we do my dear. You see, our escort tonight cannot be underdressed when accompanying three smoking hot ladies to the club."

"Club?!" Brandon asked confused and a bit worried, "I don't do clubs, girls, sorry."

"Oh, look girls, he's scared, how cute." Katy said smiling, "Our brave knight, Mr. Survivorman, is afraid of a little dance club." She and Mel giggled a bit. Brandon was scared, he did not get along with or enjoy clubs. Ashley came to his defense though.

"Oh, quiet you two." Then looking at Brandon she said, "Brandon, honey, you'll be the envy of everyone there. Think about it, you get to come in and leave with Mel, Katy, and me." As if anticipating his next statement she said, "And you don't have to dance if you don't want. Although I wouldn't mind a dance or two if the opportunity arises."

"Me neither," Katy added attaching herself to his other side.

"Look, we just really need you there to be an asshole deterrent," Mel said. "If you're with us were less likely to draw unwanted male attention." 

Then Katy looked up into his face doing an exceptional job pouting and said, "Please? It would mean so much to us," and after a pause she added, "of course you be well compensated when we get back." Then she gave his cock a good squeeze to emphasize her point.

The cause was long lost and Brandon nodded and the trio celebrated. Ashley and Katy kissed him in thanks. He changed into casual clothes and they all set out for dinner. When they got back to the room the girls went to get ready, telling him to be showered and ready by 10:30.

Brandon had complied and was sitting on the couch watching TV and wondering when the three would be ready. His answer came a few minutes later when he heard the door open and switching off the TV he rose to find an incredible sight enter his field of vision. 

To say the ladies looked hot was an understatement. All three wore dresses that they filled out in way that should be illegal, none of which extended lower than their mid-thighs Katy's shimmery silver number was looser than the others by virtue of the slit down the front than ran to her belly button. This of course put her large boobs on major display, Brandon had no idea how they were staying in place but the effect was quite arousing. 

Mel, thanks to the fact had found a way to maintain her exercise routine while on the island, looked delicious in the form hugging strapless black dress she wore. 

Ashley's dress was probably the simplest of the three, but her red low cut red dress showed her perfect curves off in such a way that she looked as good if not better than the other two.

All three had gone all out though they wore just enough makeup that it enhanced their beauty with out being obnoxious. All three wore there hair shoulder length and let it fall loosely to their shoulders. As they got closer Brandon noted two things. The hint of flowery smell from each, and that they all appeared taller. A quick inspection of their feet revealed that they were indeed wearing heels of varying heights.

"So, what do you think?" Ashley asked doing a quick spin that revealed how great her perfect ass looked in the dress. Brandon nodded speechlessly and stammered out a compliment before Katy did the same, followed by Mel. 

When they were finished he said, "Wow, all of you, seriously you are going to draw major attention. I now understand why you asked for me to come along. You three are definitely going to get hit on tonight."

"Think you're up to this?" Mel asked smiling.

"Oh, yeah not that you three aren't capable of some major shutdowns yourselves. I will enjoy telling off a few assholes tonight though. I have one question though."

"What that?" Ashley asked moving to his left side.

"Who's going to protect you three from me and my lines?" 

Katy smiled, moved to his right side, and said, "Oh we don't need your services for those." 

Ashley continued the thought, "Yeah we like those, and anytime you want to dance let one of us know and we'll be more than happy to."

Brandon nodded and the four headed out to the club. When they reached the front of the hotel, Brandon was surprised to find that a limo had been called for their transportation. As it took them to the club the girls had chosen Mel explained that the night out was a gift from her mentor back in Boston. 

Whoever this mentor was it was clear she had some pull in high places, because when they arrived at the club they skipped the massive line and were told they had a reserved booth. As a staff member went to show them to their booth Brandon moved in between Ashley and Katy. 

He then held out an elbow to each of the ladies. Instead of taking it however, both moved closer and guided his arms so that he had each gripped by the waist. They then moved their own arms behind his back. Brandon felt Mel's arm cross his and grip Katy's left side and once she had joined the group they followed the staff member to their booth.

Upon arriving they found a champagne bottle and four glasses. They poured a quick toast and after a few rounds it was gone and girls went off to dance. This left Brandon alone at the table watching, which due to the fact that the World Series was on a nearby TV he did not mind. The ladies stayed within sight of the booth and every so often Brandon would look in on them. Not only to see that they weren't being hassled but to enjoy the view of their bodies moving as well. 

A few songs later Ashley was back to recover and keep him company, they ordered drinks and sat talking for a while. When they had finished there drinks Ashley insisted on dancing with him and not wanting to disappoint he agreed. They danced a few songs then returned to the table to find Katy and Mel with drinks in hand. Katy having just finished her drink insisted he dance with her too. He agreed and stayed out with the energetic blonde for a while before heading back to the table.

As it turned out over the course of the night the ladies did not really require his assistance chasing the assholes. In fact he particularly enjoyed watching Mel work, her shutdowns were epic. He would feel sorry for these guys if they did not deserve it a bit. 

However, as the ladies drank their need for him grew a bit, and in their intoxicated state they grew more receptive to their pursuers. Still, Brandon enjoyed this part of the night immensely as the girls got rather grabby with him, even Mel. 

In particular need of his help was Katy, because her small frame and low weight made her get very drunk, very quickly. This made the already sexual Katy, even more sexual. As a result, after dancing with her and having her nearly bare her boobs to the entire club, Brandon decided to keep her close to him in the booth for the rest of the evening. 

He figured it was the best way to keep her away from potential embarrassment and more alcohol. Katy, for her part, did not argue and was content to kiss and cuddle up to him while clumsily attempting to jack him off at the table.

While he kept Katy from harm he watched Ashley and Mel dancing together. They were still pretty with it. Both had drank pretty moderately and were quite a bit larger than Katy so they handled the liquor better. The pair made an arousing sight and several times tried to get him to leave the booth. He was tempted, but did not trust Katy to stay clothed if he left, so he stayed put.

When they came back Ashley complained that he did not respond to her summons to the floor and he explained. Mel looked at Katy and said it was about time to leave. Ashley wanted to dance with Brandon one last time, so Mel took Brandon's place and after a quick dance with Ashley the four headed back to the hotel in the limo.

When they reached the room, no sooner had he closed the door than Katy's dress was on the floor and she was kissing him wearing only her panties. She broke the kiss and taking his hand led him into one of the bedrooms. When they reached the bed Katy climbed on it before kissing him again. As they kissed he felt her trying to remove his clothes. Another two sets of hand came to her aid and Brandon broke the kiss for a second to find Ashley and Mel wearing only their underwear. 

He was soon stripped of his shirt and pants and as they went for his boxers, he made a quick attempt at the two front clasp bras. He was unsuccessful, but the girls helped him by each removing their own bra as Katy pulled down his shorts. They then spun him around and pushed him onto the bed. He moved to the center and was attacked by the three horny women. 

Katy's head went right for his now painfully hard cock. As the warm mouth enveloped his shaft he felt the other two take both sides of him and caress, lick, suck, and even bite every inch of him they could reach. In response his hands reached out and grasped a hold of a tit from each of their sets. It was not long before combination of many factors caused him to explode in Katy's mouth. Her drunkenness had taken some of her skill, but she had made it up in enthusiasm. 

Brandon's shaft did not soften one bit though, despite Katy's effort. A night of watching them dance, rubbing against them, groping, and being groped had charged Brandon nearly to a breaking point. 

Seeing the hard shaft Ashley took no time in stripping off her panties and replacing Katy's mouth with her soaking wet pussy. As she rode him Brandon's hand reached into Mel's panties and began working his fingers in and out of the dripping wet slit. Soon after she removed her panties and was lowering her pussy to his face. 
