 Cindi reached out and turned the water back on as I stepped out of the tub. We rinsed off quickly and got dressed to go out. There's a good bar here in town that features live music on Saturday nights. I had heard the band several times and they were pretty good.

They had clothes in the car that were more appropriate than the shorts they had been wearing. Boy, Cindi sure knew how to fill out a shirt. She was wearing a black satin western shirt with fringe on it. The fringe hung straight down from those big tits of hers. She tucked that into a pair of tight, black jeans and put on these boots that had fuck-me written all over them. They laced up the front and gave her a boost in height with at least a three-inch heel. She wasn't short before so the heels put her at about eye-level with me. When she walked out of the bedroom in that outfit, I felt like I'd been kicked in the stomach. My cock was instantly hard. It was all I could do not to rip that sexy outfit right off her and fuck her right there on the floor. Damned if she didn't know it, too. She looked me up and down and then looked right into my eyes as she licked her lips slowly and thoroughly. Then she winked.

Nick walked out behind her and slapped her on the ass. "You ready to strut your stuff, baby?" he grinned at her.

We headed out and got to the bar just as things were starting to get going for the night. We found a table and got some drinks and watched the band warm up. They started off with a couple of numbers that had most of the audience line dancing out on the floor. I had been too long out of the dating circuit to be able to do that but Cindi and Nick got out there and I watched her shake her ass around the floor for a couple numbers before the band settled down into a slow one. Nick pulled her into his arms and she plastered herself against him as they danced. I saw him whispering to her and she laughed a couple times before the dance ended.

They came back and Cindi sat in between us. She put her hand on my thigh as we talked. The waitress came by and brought us another round and then Cindi grabbed my hand. She led me out on the floor and we danced to a couple of fast ones. Then the band started the intro to The Dance. It was warm in there and I was starting to sweat a little from the exercise. So was she. She stepped up to me and placed her hands against my stomach. Then she ran them up my chest and linked them behind my neck. She stepped into me and laid her head on my shoulder. Boy did she feel good!

She smelled like vanilla, all warm and delicious. Her hair brushed my neck and I breathed deeply. I put my arms around her and held her close. We started shuffling our feet to the music but I didn't hear a thing. My entire body was riveted on the feel of a warm woman in my arms. My cock stood right up and took notice immediately. I pulled her closer and one of my legs slid between hers. She made a sound that could have been a moan. Then I felt her lips on my neck. She nuzzled her face against me and I felt her breath hot down the neck of my shirt. I let my hands slip down so they rested just above her ass. It was all I could do not to grab it and squeeze. My fingers itched to pull her closer and rub my cock up and down her sweet slit.

Clapping brought me out of it. The set had ended and the band was taking a break. The crowd was showing its appreciation with a round of applause. Cindi released my neck and stepped back. She knew I was hard so she pulled my arm around her stomach and walked in front of me back to the table. Nick was grinning like a fool at both of us. He knew exactly what she had done to me out there. Hell, she had probably done it to him when they danced!

The place was getting crowded and someone had taken one of our chairs. Cindi went to use the restroom so I sat down. When she came back she laughed and sat down on my lap. Nick had ordered another round so we talked and drank while we waited for the band. Cindi sat pretty still but she crossed her legs so one heel was touching my shin. She kept rubbing it up and down my leg while we talked. My cock had gotten soft while she was in the restroom but having that sweet ass of hers right above it had it reaching for the sky again. There wasn't any hiding it from her either. Nick got up to shoot a game of pool and she turned to look at me.

She reached up and stuck her fingers between the snaps on my shirt. She bent down and kissed me lightly on the lips. "Did you wear this shirt for me?" she asked. Then she bent down even further and put her lips against the side of my neck. I looked around but no one was paying any attention to us. She pulled one snap open and used her hands to spread the edges apart. She kissed my collarbone and I held my breath waiting for what she would do next. Her tongue darted out to lick the side of my neck and then she whispered in my ear.

"I need fucked!"

Her words went straight to my groin where my cock throbbed in my pants. She grinned at me when I gasped. A man can only take so much. It was all I could do not to lay her down on the table and give her what she wanted in front of the whole bar. The band started tuning up while we looked at each other. My eyes dropped to her chest and her nipples were hard. I looked back up at her. She ground her ass into my thighs without ever taking her eyes off mine. We were both oblivious to the fact that someone had returned our missing chair.

The band launched into an old Restless Heart tune and Nick returned to the table. She grabbed his hand and yanked him out onto the floor. It was a good thing too. I couldn't have moved if the place caught fire. I reached down and adjusted myself so my cock could run down the leg of my pants. It was a good thing I had chosen to wear underwear or I'm sure there'd have been a wet spot showing on my crotch. I knew I was oozing pre-cum already.

Luckily, Cindi and Nick danced through a couple of songs so I had time to get myself under control again before they returned. They danced a slow one and I could see her rubbing herself against him before he pulled her tightly against him. Damn she was hot! Then a woman from across the room came over and asked me to dance. She wasn't a bad dancer and soon all four of us were laughing and dancing and having a great time. I was tempted to ask her if she'd like to come back to my place with us. We danced through that entire set and she slipped a card into my pocket during the last one. She said she had to go but I should call her. I watched her leave then joined Nick and Cindi at the table. We had another drink while we waited for the band to return.

Cindi asked if I knew that girl and I realized I hadn't even asked her what her name was! We laughed about it and Nick said I needed to get out more. Cindi took this as her cue to show me what I had been missing. Her hand reached under the table and landed on my thigh. She scooted her chair over closer to mine as the band returned. We kept talking and laughing all the while she was moving her fingertips in little circles on the inside of my leg. I could feel my temperature rising. Finally she cupped her hand over my package. I had done my best to try not to rise to the bait but when she touched me, mmmm, it was all over. I couldn't pretend to be indifferent when she was holding the swollen evidence! My cock was steed-hard in an instant.

I'm sure there were others in the bar who could see her hand. Nick knew what she was doing too, I'm sure. Hell, she had probably done it to him in the past. He moved over closer to her to clear a path for the waitress who was bringing us another round. At least that is what he pretended to be doing it for. The angle of his chair let him see past her to her hand in my lap. Her fingers were massaging me. They were firm and then soft, firm and then soft against the hardness in my jeans. I was afraid that she wouldn't stop and also afraid she would! Then she reached over and put her other hand on Nick. I looked around her at him and he grinned at me. Then he pushed his hips forward so she could reach him easier. We seemed to connect and continued to look at each other and grin like fools while Cindi rubbed our cocks.

They had dimmed the lights a little at midnight but anyone walking by who looked would have seen exactly what she was doing. I was ready to leave. I wanted nothing more than to take her home and bury my dick in her pussy until we both cried Uncle! But, she wasn't done dancing. The band was back and ready to roll and so was she. I had been here before and knew the band favored slow songs for their final set. No doubt they were helping set the mood for the couples who were going home to send the babysitter home before they got naked. All I could think about was the sweet torture I was certain Cindi intended to put us through!

I didn't have long to wait. The first slow song that played had her up yanking on my hand. She pulled the tie out of her hair and shook that glorious mane loose. She lifted it up with her fingers and shook it out. Then she licked her lips and stood watching me. I decided two could play at that game. I planted my feet and yanked her hard against me. Her eyes flew to my face in surprise. She caught herself before she could fall. I put my arms around her and ran one hand up her back. She put her arms around my neck but before she could put her head down, I ran my fingers up into the hair cascading down her back. I pulled back on it exposing her neck. Then I dipped my head and bit her neck gently with my teeth.

"Oh God, Matt," she moaned. I soothed the bite with gentle kisses and then I followed the line of her neck to her ear.

"You are one hot piece of ass," I whispered in her ear. "I can't wait to get you home and get you naked and fuck the hell out of you," I continued. Her eyes were closed and her head stayed tilted back even after I released her hair. When she realized I wasn't going to say or do anything else she put her head down on my shoulder. She squirmed against me and I held her tight. We finished the dance and I led her back to the table. Nick stood up and took her back out on the floor. I watched them dance. Cindi's arms were around his neck and his hands slid into the back pockets of her jeans. I couldn't see what he was doing because it was too dark but I was pretty sure he was squeezing her ass.

Then it was my turn again. Nick brought her back and I took her out on the floor. She lifted her arms and seemed only too willing to have me hold her tight. I pushed her thighs apart with my knee and rubbed mine against her. Her eyes were hot when she looked at me. Her nipples were hard beneath her shirt and bra. I rubbed my chest against her as we danced and flexed the muscle in my thigh so it rubbed her pussy. She was getting glassy-eyed by the time the dance ended. She didn't want me to stop. Nick was behind us when she finally let go of me.

"Come here, baby," he said to her. He winked at me over her shoulder then pulled her close. He put her arms up around his neck and then shoved his into her pockets again. He used them for leverage to pull her up tight against him. I was close enough to see the bulge in his pants. It rested right up against her mound. I glanced around but everybody was dancing close. There were several couples kissing and no one even looked our way. I returned to the table and finished my drink. I wasn't sure how long Nick intended to prolong the evening. Frankly, I was ready to go. They must have had the same idea because the dance ended and I saw Nick nod toward the door.

They had their arms around each other as we left. When we got to the parking lot Nick opened the back door for Cindi. She sat down and crooked her finger at me. I looked at Nick. He shrugged and went around to the driver's side. I didn't need a second invitation. I slid in beside her and her lips were on mine before Nick turned the motor over! My hands cupped her tits. Those gorgeous big titties of hers were so firm with tight little nipples poking hard against the palms of my hands. She reached up and started to unbutton her blouse. I pushed her back against the seat and lowered my head. I licked the warm flesh above her bra. She put her hands over mine and pushed them against her. I rubbed the heel up and down pressing hard against her nipples. She began moaning. I pushed her down so she was lying across the seat. I pulled the blouse open and bit at one of those hard nubs. She lifted her chest up toward my mouth. 

"Harder," she moaned. "Bite me harder." I never refuse a lady! I bit at her again and the long moan of satisfaction told me it was just right. Her bra was a shiny black thing that hooked in back. We were at my house before I could reach around and undo it.

"You have neighbors outside," Nick warned. I pulled Cindi's blouse closed and helped her button it. We got out and walked inside like three normal people returning from a night out. I closed the door and locked it. When I turned around Cindi and Nick were both looking at me.

"Do you two want a drink?" I asked playing the polite host.

"Can we drink em upstairs?" Cindi asked. I nodded. "Then bring em on up! We sure don't want anyone to get dehydrated," she drawled. "If you know what I mean," she winked.

I grinned at her. "Yes ma'am, I do know what you mean."

Nick leaned against the back of the couch. Cindi followed me into the kitchen. When I bent over to reach the beer on the bottom shelf of the fridge, she ran her hand over my ass. I almost bumped my head on the shelf although why I was so surprised I have no idea!

"I noticed your ass as soon as we got here," she said. "That's the first thing I look at," she continued. I straightened up and handed her a beer.

"Well, you have a fine looking ass yourself, Cindi." I unscrewed the cap on one of the beers as she twisted hers off. She reached out and clinked them together.

"Here's to asses!" We both drank.

"Can I have one of those?" Nick asked from the doorway. He was leaning against the doorjamb and I wondered if he had been there the whole time. I handed him the third beer and we headed upstairs.

They had changed in my room earlier so they knew the way. As we walked up the stairs Cindi started unbuttoning her blouse. She wiggled her butt at me as she pulled it up out of her jeans. This time it was my hand stroking her ass. My cock hadn't gone completely soft since we left the car. Watching her precede me up the stairs had it rock hard again.

She plunked herself down on the bed and started to unlace her boots. Nick and I just stood there and watched her. When she was finished she stood up and unsnapped her jeans. She walked over to us and put a hand on both our stomachs. Then she ran them up our chests. She stretched herself up and planted a quick kiss on each of us. Then she let go of Nick. She reached up and grasped the edges of my shirt near the collar. Before I could react she yanked every snap open.

"I wanted to do that the second I saw you in it," she said. I felt her hands on my shoulders pushing it off me. She pulled my head down and our lips met in an open-mouthed kiss that could have melted an iceberg. I reached down and filled my hands with the cheeks of her ass. I pulled her up against me so she could feel my hard cock pressed against her. She bit at my lips and then sucked hard on my tongue. I ground my pelvis against her. She pushed back and her lips started moving down. She was leaving wet spots on my chest as she licked and nibbled her way to my nipple. It was hard long before she fastened her lips on it. I felt the scrape of her teeth against it. I know I moaned. I grabbed her head and held it there while she sucked on it. Then she moved to the other one.

I saw Nick getting undressed out of the corner of my eye. He was hard and slowly stroking that big cock of his as he watched us. I felt Cindi's lips dropping lower and felt her hands on my jeans. She opened them up and let them fall. I was trapped in them because I still had my boots on. She dropped to her knees and took my cock out of my underwear. She let them go and they fell down too. Then her lips were placing little kisses all around the head. I leaned back against the wall and let her have her way. She got it wet with her kisses and then her tongue was playing against the underside. It licked and probed as her hand closed around the shaft. She began stroking me as her mouth engulfed the head. She just kept feeding more and more of it into her mouth until I felt my cock hit the back of her mouth. She stretched her neck up a little and then I felt myself sliding past. Damn, that girl could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch!

I dove my fingers into the silky strands of her hair and held her head still. I started fucking her throat. She made me feel like a school kid with his first blowjob, but there weren't any of those chicks who could do it like she could. She wasn't ready for me to cum yet. She pulled back and let my length slide out of her mouth being careful not to touch me with her teeth. She looked down at my trapped feet and started to laugh.

"Let's get you out of those, okay?" she laughed. I worked my way to the bed and sat down. She pushed my jeans up, pulled one leg up between her thighs and straddled it. She grabbed my boot and looked back at me. I was looking at her ass in those jeans. I didn't care if the boots ever came off. I reached out and yanked her back by one pocket. She landed beside me on the bed. I lay down next to her and shoved my hand inside the open front of her jeans. I filled my hand with her pussy and felt the dampness of her panties. She was very excited and humped herself against my hand. I looked into her face and saw the lust there. I looked over at Nick and he was still stroking himself. 

I reached my middle finger to the side and managed to find the elastic at the edge of her panties. I ran the tip of it underneath and pushed it past her outer folds. She grabbed my forearm and pushed up against my hand. I slipped the finger up and down her crevice. She began moaning and I knew she wanted to cum. I pulled my hand out and stuck the finger in between my lips. I licked her juices off while she watched. I sat up and grabbed the waist of her jeans. I turned her toward me and worked them down over her hips. I laid her out flat while I pulled them down her legs and off. She was still in the panties that matched the satin bra. I bent lower again and ran a finger under the top edge. I took them in my teeth and slid onto the floor as I pulled them down. She was making breathy little moans and her back was arched away from the bed.

Then I smoothed my hands back up her legs over her knees and spread her legs apart. I settled myself between her creamy thighs and looked at her shaved pussy. The outer lips were swollen and I could see her inner lips opening up. I spread them apart with my fingers and saw the swollen hood barely covering her hard little clit. It was glistening with the moisture I had spread over it moments before. I pushed the hood back and flicked her clit with my tongue.

"Uhnnnngg," she groaned. "Oh God Matt!" Her hips bucked up off the bed and she spread her legs even wider apart. I continued to brush it with the tip of my tongue. "Oh God, Oh God," she kept saying as she strained to get closer. Her clit seemed to swell even more to meet the pressure of my tongue. I moved one hand so I could use it to hold her hood back. With the other I plunged two fingers into her hole as I applied the pressure she so desperately wanted. I licked her clit and pushed the tip of my tongue down hard as I started rubbing it around and around. I felt her pussy clamp onto my fingers so I added a third one and began fucking her with them.

"Oh Jesus," she moaned. "God please don't stop. Just…just a little more. Yes, yes, that's it. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh," she moaned as her pussy drenched my fingers with her cum. Her head was thrown back against the bed. Her body arched up and she buried her fingers in my hair. She continued to hump my mouth as she came down from her orgasm. I licked up her juicy cum and when I felt her spasms stop, I pulled my fingers out. Finally she let go of me and lay still. One hand dropped to the bed and the other rested on her forehead. "God Matt, your tongue is positively sinful!" I rested my forearms on her thighs and grinned at Nick.
