 Forward: This is a true story of my wife's first group experience. This happened in 1992 before we got married. At that time, we weren't even dating ... we were coworkers and part time fuck buddies.

"Shit," I thought to myself as I looked at my watch. I was going to be at least an hour late getting home. I figured that I'd need another ten minutes on the EL, another ten minute walk, plus ten more minutes to get dressed plus time for dinner. If we were lucky, we'd probably catch the end of the opening act but we'd still be able to see the entire KMFDM concert. Kelly was going to be pissed.

Sure enough, as I approached my apartment building, Kelly was sitting on the stoop smoking a cigarette looking impatient and holding a pizza carton with her overnight bag next to her. A couple of hours ago as she left work, I told her that I would be leaving in a few minutes and she should meet me at my apartment. What she didn't know was that as I was packing up my desk, my boss stopped by and wanted to go over the draft marketing plans and to be honest with you, she probably didn't care. She didn't say a word as I unlocked the front door and we walked up the two flights to my apartment. 

When I opened the door to my apartment, Kelly really let me have it.

"Here's your fucking dinner, where the fuck were you?"

"You know I got propositioned twice waiting for you."

"I could have been killed, you asshole!" she said. 

She had a point, at the time, I lived in a gentrifying neighborhood in Chicago and it was known to be a hangout for hookers. Looking at her outfit, I could see why guys might mistake her for a hooker. She had on her goth concert gear, only that it wasn't true goth, more like a Marshall Field's version of goth. She wore a black miniskirt with red fishnet hose along with a black leather motorcycle jacket and black combat boots. She had a ton of black eye makeup, black lipstick, and had painted her nails black. 

As I looked her up and down, I realized that she was still laying into me. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore.

"Fuck you, in case you hadn't noticed, I've been under a lot of stress lately."

"My marketing plans are due on Friday, I haven't slept all week, and I haven't eaten all day."

Kelly was taken aback by my sudden outburst, she cringed, but I didn't let up.

"Now I have to take you to a concert when I have to be in the office early tomorrow. If you're that goddamn selfish, you can go to the concert by yourself!" 

I took the concert tickets out of my suit jacket and slammed them on the dining room table as I went to the refrigerator to get a beer. All the while, I kept thinking, "I don't need this shit, we're not dating. We're just friends with privileges, if I wanted this grief, then I'll get a girlfriend!."

I calmed down a bit and walked back to the living room where Kelly was sitting on the couch. My tirade had knocked the wind out of her sails. She apologized and said that she would really appreciate if we went to the concert together since we both liked the band. I just reiterated that I was under a lot of stress lately and I could really use the rest. All I wanted to do was relax. With that I slumped down on my couch, put my head back and closed my eyes.

In no time flat, I felt myself drifting off to sleep when all of a sudden, I heard Kelly say, "I know what will relax you."

I felt her hands tugging at my zipper. She undid my suit pants and fished my slowly growing cock out. I didn't move a muscle ... if she wanted me to take her to the concert, she may as well work for it. I first felt her hot breath on my cock head and then the flickering of her tongue. She licked up and down my shaft while playing with my balls. Kelly loved giving head and she was very good at it.

After slowly licking my shaft for a minute, I felt her get off the couch. I finally opened my eyes and Kelly put a cushion on the floor and was kneeling in front of me. She looked up at me, smiled, and then engulfed my cock. Normally, when she blew me, she took her time but not tonight. Her goal was to get me off, get me relaxed, and head out the concert. 

She aggressively sucked my cock, her head and hands moving at lightning speed. As I said, she really knows how to suck cock and within a minute, she had me on the edge. I still wanted her to work for it so; I stopped her and got off the couch. I kicked off my shoes and got out of my pants. I spun her around so she was sitting on the floor pushed her head against the seat of the sofa. I straddled her face and began to assault her mouth calling her a bitch and a whore. She loves it when I talk dirty to her. My vigorous assault on her mouth caused her to gag a couple of times but that didn't slow me down and I continued to fuck her face for a couple of minutes. I felt the cum starting to flow out of my balls so I grabbed her head and thrust a couple more times and then emptied my nuts down her throat. Kelly swallowed it all without wasting a drop. After my last spurt, she continued to work my cock with her tongue until I couldn't take it any more. With wobbly knees, backed away. She was right, I was relaxed and felt refreshed. She slapped me on the ass and told me to get dressed.

A quick rinse in the shower and a quick change of clothes and we were ready to go. Kelly had reapplied her makeup and didn't look any worse for the wear. I was hungry and reached for the deep dish pizza when she told me that if we left now, we might be able to catch the end of the opening act. Groaning, I managed to grab a slice and ate it as we left the apartment. We were lucky and caught a taxi dropping someone off right in front of my building and in ten minutes we were in the concert.

We got there just in time to hear the Utah Saints play their one and only hit. The concert hall was standing room only; really it was more of a nightclub than an arena. All the tables downstairs were taken so we went upstairs and stood by railing. From here, we could see the stage perfectly. We ordered some drinks and waited for KMFDM to come on. Since we had to stand, I let Kelly lean against me as I wrapped my arms around her. My cock started to stir a little so Kelly rubbed her cute butt against me. She turned her head and gave me a deep kiss. We stayed that way until the lights went down and the band came on. It was classic KMFDM with En Esch running around the stage with his bald head wearing a dress. Kelly started dancing to the relentless beat, all the while rubbing her ass against me crotch. I knew that she was trying to get back at me for fucking her face but I had some ideas of my own.

After dancing around for a couple of numbers, she settled down by leaning forward against the railing. I looked around and noticed that I could probably get her back for teasing me without anyone really noticing. Her ass was still pressed against my crotch so I stepped back a little and flipped her mini onto her back. As I suspected, she was wearing stay up stockings and a black pair of thongs. Moving her thong to the side, I slipped one and then two fingers into her cunt. She was already wet but then again, she's always wet. Kelly made no attempt to stop me and I knew that she wouldn't, as Kelly is an exhibitionist and liked to have sex in public places. We've fucked on the fire escape at my apartment, in a supply closet at work, and in a playground around the corner from her apartment. Just a couple of weeks earlier, she even blew me on a CTA bus. Anyway, I finger fucked her for a couple of minutes and then switched hands so I could finger fuck her and rub my thumb against her clit. It's good to be ambidextrous sometimes.

By the time KMFDM launched into "Juke Joint Jezebel", Kelly was cumming. I continued to rub her through several orgasms. It takes a little time to get her to cum, but once she has her first one, it doesn't take much to set off the next few. Satisfied, she straightened up and leaned against me, this time, her hands went behind her back and rubbed my cock through my pants. I pushed her over again and undid my fly. I maneuvered myself until my cock was up against her slit. Before entering her, I looked around and saw a few people looking at us. One guy toasted us with his beer while his girlfriend licked her lips seductively. Another guy gave me the thumbs up. This was all the encouragement that I needed and I slowly entered Kelly from behind. I moved slowly as I didn't want to attract any more attention than we already had. I didn't want to get kicked out or arrested that evening. Since I came earlier that evening, I was able to keep my cock in her a good long time. Kelly came at least twice, probably due to the excitement of fucking in front of the audience to driving industrial music as well as my cock. KMFDM was finishing up and I decided that I should as well. As the band played "Sex on the Flag", I picked up my pace and tried to match my strokes to the beats per minute. Kelly could sense that I was getting close so clamped her pussy down on me and milked me dry. After cumming earlier that night, I was surprised at how much cum I dumped into her.

KMFDM finished the set and the concert hall reverted back to a club. The crowd had thinned down considerably since it was a weeknight and a lot of people had to get up early and go to work the next day, including me. However, I a little tired but we decided to stay for a while longer. Since it was less crowded, we were able to get a table in the back. After we sat down, the waitress came over with a couple of bottles of beer, which we didn't order. She said that it was from those guys over there thanking us for a great show. The waitress smirked at Kelly who blushed. I thought that it was pretty funny that she wasn't embarrassed fucking in front of an audience but got embarrassed when someone acknowledged that fact.

I raised my bottle of beer to the three guys who took it as a signal to join us. Kelly kicked me on my shin and shot me a dirty look. 

"Damn it, Kelly, those steel toes hurt!" 

"Good, you prick!" 

I was about to shoot her a snappy comeback when the guys arrived at our table. I motioned for them to sit and since this was a U-shaped booth, I got up saying that I wanted to sit by the end, as I needed to hit the bathroom shortly. The guys slid in and Kelly was sitting next to two of them as we made our introductions. I don't remember their names so I'll just call them Moe, Larry, and Curly as one of them was bald. Since KMFDM's road crew was still breaking down the stage, the dance music hadn't come on yet so we could actually have a conversation. Moe, Larry, and Curly were all recent graduates of Northwestern and members of the same frat so they were a little bit younger than us. At first, Kelly was a little apprehensive but soon relaxed when the conversation turned to music. Kelly's second love, after sex, was music and the guys were regular concert goers. To the guys' credit, they were pretty cool and didn't mention anything about what they saw earlier that evening. Pretty soon, I had to leave to use the bathroom and just my luck; the bathroom on the second floor was closed as it had overflowed during the concert. It was about ten minutes before I got back. By then, the dance music started and to my surprise; Kelly, Moe and Curly were not there. Larry said that Kelly wanted to dance and both Moe and Curly volunteered so all three of them went down.

While drinking beers, Larry and I talked about nothing in particular until finally he says,"Hey, your girlfriend is hot! You are a lucky man."

"Thanks, buddy, but she's not my girlfriend."

"It sure looked that way, the way the two of you were going at it during the show. I just assumed that you were a couple." 

"Nope, we're coworkers, and occasional fuck buddies, Kelly's a friend with privileges."

Larry was intrigued with this idea so I told him that we both dated others. It wasn't unusually for us to go to a bar or party together but to leave with different people.

"No way," Larry said.

"Yup, just last weekend; Kelly called me in middle of the night asking for a ride home. The big stud she picked up couldn't perform and passed out. Of course, he couldn't drive her home so she was stuck in the suburbs.'

"Man, that's pretty presumputious of her, so did you go get her?"

"Yeah, I made her sweat it out for a few minutes before agreeing to get her, but she had to pay ... and I didn't mean cash."

Larry, with a lecherous gleam in his eye, asked, "Well, how did she pay?"

"Oh, she worked it off. She blew me twice on the way back to the city. I busted my first nut before we even got on the highway and I came all over her face as we parked in front of her apartment."

"Geez, what a slut!"

There was some awkward silence for a moment until Larry said, "If she's not your girlfriend, you wouldn't mind, if I ..."

I knew what he was thinking, he wanted a shot at Kelly. I told him to go for it and let the chips fall where they may.

With that bit of information, I could hear the gears turning inside Larry's head. Larry and I didn't really say much after that so I started to think about my relationship wit Kelly. I realized that even then, I was a voyeur and subconsciously was trying to set up a situation where I could watch Kelly have sex or get her into a group sex scenario. Since Kelly and I were first and foremost, friends she often told me about her other lovers and that would get me rock hard. I had to admit to myself that ever since my first group sex experience several years earlier (see the story Redhead), I'd hoped to get myself into another similar situation. I knew that Kelly would probably be into it, being the little slut that she is. She loved to hear about the time three of my buddies and I gangbanged a married slut in Atlanta. She said that it made her horny and we'd always have great sex each time I told the story.

I even joked around saying that if she ever wanted more than one guy, I'd be willing to set it up. I knew that she was intrigued with the idea ... when she was in college, two roommates picked her up at a party and she thought for sure she was going to get double fucked until one of the guys passed out drunk. She said she always wondered what it would be like to do two cocks at once.

I got hard just thinking about Kelly with these three guys when Moe returned to the table and I snapped back to reality. He was out of breath as he had been dancing with Kelly for the past half hour. Curly and Kelly were still on the dance floor. The club was crowded and the waitress hadn't been by in a while so I offered to go to the bar to get the next round. While waiting for the bartender, I looked over at Moe and Larry and I'm sure that they were plotting something as they high fived themselves. As I was ordering, Curly and Kelly passed me on the way back to the table so I ordered for them as well. I returned with the drinks and after a couple of sips, Kelly announced that she needed to hit the ladies room. I thought that I should probably go to the bathroom as well to give the guys a chance to talk. When I got back, Kelly was sitting in the middle surrounded by the guys. I smiled knowingly at the guys and then made a big deal of running into a "buddy" downstairs. I told everyone that I would be back soon. I figured that if the guys were going to make a move, this would be the time. If not, then I would take her home and fuck her brains out myself.

I went downstairs and sat at the bar but I was full of nervous energy. I decided to dance a bit to work some of it off. I was getting hot and heavy on the dance floor with a brunette when out of the corner of my eye, I could see Kelly dancing with all three guys. He jacket was off and so were theirs, no doubt to hold the table. It was then that I noticed that she was wearing a black mesh top and a red bra underneath. Funny that I hadn't notice that all evening. They had her surrounded but occasionally, I could see past the bodies. The guys were taking liberties caressing her hips, ass, and occasionally, her breasts. The area where I was dancing was not as well lit so I don't think she saw me. She had the dazed look on her face, the look she has when she is horny and dancing always puts her in the mood. I was getting some real wood when my dance partner said she needed to rest. I escorted her back to her table and asked one of her friends to dance, just so I could see what was going on. When I got back, Kelly and the guys were gone! I finished the dancing and practically raced upstairs to see what was happening.

I was a little surprised, the three guys were arranged in a perfect 90 degree angle in relation to each other. Moe and Curly had their heads leaning against the back of their seats and Larry appeared to be looking for something under the table. As I got closer, I notice a pair of combat boot soles sticking out from under the table. I motioned to Moe to move over and as he shuffled, I noticed that his fly was undone and a small hand with black nail polish was slowly jerking him off. I looked under the table and Kelly was giving Curly head as his hands fondled her tits. Kelly noticed that I had returned and winked at me. I just about blew a load in my shorts. Kelly was using her other hand to stroke off Larry. I couldn't believe it! Kelly was servicing three guys at once. If it weren't for the fact that we were in a nightclub, I would have crawled behind her and fucked the shit out of her.

Kelly blew Curly for a couple of minutes and I could tell he was just about to blow his wad. Without even thinking, I blurted out, "Cum on her face! I want to see it!" 

Luckily, the music drowned me out but Curly heard me and pulled her off his cock and hit her square in the nose with cum. Kelly kept jerking his cock until he was done. She crawled out from under the table and saw me grinning at her.

Kelly looked a little embarrassed. She was quite a sight. The area where we were sitting was bathed in black light and the cum on her face glowed. It was probably the sexiest thing I had ever seen. Without even wiping her face, she sat down and leaned over to suck Larry. Curly got up to use the men's room while Moe leaned over to eat her pussy. I got closer to see the action. Moe started to eat her when all of a sudden he stopped and looked up at me. 

He had forgotten that I had dumped a load into her earlier that evening and could taste my sperm. All I could do was shrug my shoulders. It couldn't have tasted that bad since he went back down on her. Moe ate her to several orgasms when we all noticed that Larry was starting to breathe heavily and I knew that he was close. Remembering what I had said earlier, Kelly pulled his cock out of her mouth and jerked him off face and neck. She later told me that she really wanted to put on a show for me because I encouraged the guys to hit on her. She not only put on a show for me, but everyone around us as well. I will always remember the look on the waitress face when she delivered our drinks and caught a glimpse of Kelly with a mouthful of cock while getting eaten. To this day, I still can't decide if it was a look of envy or disgust.

Kelly sat back up and she was glowing like a Christmas tree under the black night. I motioned to her indicating that she should wipe herself off. She used little napkins serving as coasters but it only made things worse. She smeared cum all over her face so she looked like she was all made up for Halloween. Curly had returned and just busted out laughing when he saw her. Kelly asked what was wrong and I didn't have the heart to tell her. By now, Kelly had regained some of her composure and said that she wanted to leave. I said that it was probably a good idea since we didn't want to get arrested. 

The only one that didn't agree was Moe who hadn't cum yet. He pleaded with her to stay and take care of him. Kelly couldn't leave him in this state. She told him not to worry and climbed back under the table. She grabbed Moe's cock and stuffed it into her mouth. She sucked him for a minute when Moe grabbed her by her hair and came down her throat. She kept sucking him until he was all clean.
