 I don't know what happened- one minute I was sitting there working on the lawnmower, the next minute the neighbor was kneeling between my knees, slobbing my knob like she was starving for jism.

I looked around nervously, wondering if anyone was watching. It was a fair bet, because I was sitting on the bench on the side of my house- right next to her house. From where I sat I could see three other houses across the street, and looking towards the back yard, I could look into two more.

Suzy was energetically bobbing her head up and down on my rod, one hand wrapped fiercely around the base of my tool, the other fondling my nuts. She had simply walked around the corner of her garage, pushed my mower away, and tugged down my shorts, with not a word said from either of us.

My wife was right in the house- she could walk out at any moment. That kind of just added to the thrill, though, and I felt that wonderful tingling sensation deep inside my balls as I felt my cum already rising.

Then her husband walked around the corner, following her. "Suzy!" He cried. "What are you doing?"

She never missed a beat,- so to speak- with her mouth, but she flung out an arm and flipped him off. This was just getting weirder and weirder. 

Then she pulled off me just long enough to snarl at him: "Fuck you, you asshole. I'm doing a real man now." She made a lovely O-shaped circle with her mouth and slid it back down over my shaft again. 

Hmm, I thought- a lover's quarrel. Me and my wife had ours from time to time like everyone else, but this was definitely taking a different direction than any of ours had ever done. 

Dan looked around desperately. He was a geeky sort of guy, tall and thin "Honey, please. You're going to get arrested out here. Can't we talk about this inside?"

She pulled off again and looked up at me. Her pretty blue eyes were full of fury, but also full of lust. "yes- maybe we should take this inside..." she said.

I nodded and helped her up, pulling up my shorts. I towered over her, and had several inches on her husband too. She grabbed my hand and tugged me along, passing her husband and around the corner into their garage.

I shrugged helplessly at Dan as I passed, and I saw that he was almost in tears. As I rounded the corner I glanced back at my house, relieved to not find my wife standing there in front yard loading the shotgun.

We went thru the ridiculously neat garage and into the house, entering the kitchen. She led me to the living room and wheeled on me, looking up and throwing her arms over my shoulders, her head tilted up for a kiss.

I heard Dan come in behind us as I lifter her off the ground, high enough to kiss her passionately. She wrapped her legs around my waist and I carried her over to the couch, turning to sit with her in my lap.

I nuzzled her ear and whispered. "You really want to do this in front of your husband?" I asked.

Suzy grabbed my hand and pulled it onto her tit- she wasn't wearing a bra over her little half T-shirt, and my paw covered her smallish, pointy tit. I caressed it and felt the nipple jut out into my palm. 

She tilted her head back and moaned, and then squirmed around to start yanking at my shorts. I lifted my hips to allow her to pull them off, and my prong stood up straight and tall, so hard it was aching.

She yanked her little cotton shorts off and simply hopped on. She guided me against her lips and slid smoothly down my shaft, driving me all the way into her.

I grunted and she moaned- she was a tight little thing, and she dropped her head on my chest as our pubic mounds ground together, holding very still while she got used to the feeling of being filled up.

Dan was standing there, a dozen feet away, his hands alternately wringing against each other and running through his hair. "Suzy, please. You don't have to do this. I'm sorry." He pleaded.

She ground her hips against me in a circular motion, and I took that as a signal that she was ready and grabbed her hips, beginning to hump up into her.

"Go to hell, Dan." She said, her eyes closed and her face rapturous. "I'm getting fucked by a real stud now. Go put on your panties."

Oh-ho, I thought. So Danny-boy had been caught in lingerie, huh? With a hot little thing like this in his bed? Well, different strokes, and all that. And this was definitely working out in my favor. 

She was limber too- in one smooth move she planted her feet beside my hips and lifted herself up till just bulb of my head was inside her. "See that, baby?" She sneered. "That's a real cock." She plunged down onto me again, then lifted herself back up. Her juices coated my tool with a glistening sheen, and I looked over in time to see him lick his lips. 

Holy shit- he was getting turned on by this, I thought- and the tenting in his crotch made it undeniable. Suzy realized it too, and I saw her expression change as she digested this. She moved sort of mechanically against me for a few minutes and I watched her think this through.

Then she lifted herself up again, her cooch just barely trapping the very tip of my wand. "Look at it, Dan. Looks tasty, doesn't it? You want to taste it, don't you?" She teased.

I shifted beneath her, suddenly unsure if I liked where this was heading. I grabbed her hips and pulled her back down onto me, hiding my cock from his eyes. She grinned at me mischievously. "Aw, c'mon. It doesn't make you less of a man- just him." She whispered. "Come on- let's see how far we can make him go."

I bit my lips, and she ground against me again, her cunt muscles clutching against me. She must have been a gymnast in college or something- I groaned in pleasure. 

"Come on baby- please? I'll do anything you want later." 

I considered: I was pretty much already getting what I wanted, but finally I shrugged- what the hell.

She grinned again and lithely spun around on me, never pulling off- the sensations were exquisitely pleasurable. She was now facing her husband. "Come on Dan. You always say how much you love to eat me out. Come on and lick my clit."

Dan's eyes flickered to me in panic. "I -- I can't. Tell him to go, and I will."

She laughed cruelly. "Sure you can, baby." She reached down between us and traced a fingertip up the little bit of my cock that was still exposed. She brought the finger up to her lips and sucked. "Don't make me ask him to make you do it, baby. You probably wouldn't like it if he spanked you- he's a lot stronger than me."

Dan's eyes almost fluttered with the thought, and he took a short step forward.

"Come on, baby. I need your mouth on my muff." She teased, her hand dallying around her clit now.

I watched as he caved in, and he slowly came over and dropped down between our legs. She grabbed a couple handfuls of his hair and thrust him against her mound as she began frantically thrusting herself up and down on my shaft.

She was obviously pretty turned on by this too, because she came in just a few minutes with an ear-piercing shriek, her cunt clenching against me almost painfully. The thought of a man's mouth down around my prick made me unsure enough to not join her in popping off, and I kept waiting to tell if he was touching me: so far I didn't think he had. 

When she finally stopped trembling,, she pushed his head a little further down, and then I felt his tongue swipe against my shaft, which was still mostly buried deep inside her.

"That's the way, baby." She cooed. "Clean me off of him." She pushed herself up, exposing most of my tool. I felt his mouth clamp against it and he sucked, like he was giving it a hickey. I winced in pleasure as he moved the suction up and down the delicate underside.

She did that squeezing thing again with her cunt, and I groaned out loud, she turned her head to look at me. "You close, baby?" 

I nodded- I could feel the orgasm coming on quick. 

She rose quickly and stepped off me,. "Swallow his load, you slut." She commanded, and he immediately engulfed my head, his eyes closed.

He wasn't bad either- I had the distinct impression that this wasn't the first dick that had ever been in young Daniel's mouth. His cheeks caved in and out as he took in about a third of my length, and my first shot of cum nearly choked him. White goo spurted out the sides of his mouth, and I had to admit: the sight was kind of hot.

He pulled off for just a second to catch his breath, and then gamely took me back inside. Suzy was leaning down for a close look, frigging herself urgently. She moaned as she came again and collapsed onto her knees beside him.

Dan stayed on my cock till the spasms ended, then licked me clean. When his mouth finally popped off the head of my cock, he looked up at my sheepishly.

They were both looking up at me, and I knew we were all thinking the same thing- what now? It occurred to me that this could turn out to be a pretty damned good thing.

I rose and pulled my shorts back up. "I gotta go finish the lawn. Dan- you're pretty good on the grill, right? Good, because me and Tina are coming over for dinner tonight. I like my steak medium rare. Seven o'clock."

That said, I turned and walked out of the house...