 I was at an out of town conference at a resort in Phoenix. Since I arrived early in the check-in day, I decided to go to the pool and enjoy the Phoenix sun. At the pool I met others I knew from prior conferences. One was Al from the Northeast. I am from Florida. Al introduced me to a young girl named Fran from Philadelphia.

After a while in the sun, we all decided to move to the hot tube just outside of the bar where if you were nice, the bartender would give you a drink right through the window and you didn't have to leave the hot tube at all. The sun was going down and the cocktails were going down almost as fast. Al and I and Fran were having a wonderful time talking shop and getting to know each other. 

Al had a dinner appointment and left and Fran and I decided to get out of the hot tube and order something light to eat at the pool area. The nice thing about Phoenix is that after the sun goes down, the temperature remains warm so being outside at night in just your bathing suit is wonderful. After dinner and more small talk, we went back to the hot tub.

We were in there about a hour when Fran said she really should be getting to bed but she had only a vague idea where her room was in the sprawling resort. It was a large complex with many building groupings, most of which looked the same. I was lucky as my room was right off the main pool area and finding your way to the main pool area was easier than going out to the smaller areas of the complex. I volunteered to walk Fran back to her room.

We started walking and talking without paying a lot of attention to where we were going. After about 45 minutes, we turned a corner and came across another pool are with another hot tub. It was about 9:30 p.m. and there was no one around. I jokingly asked Fran if she wanted to take a dip and she didn't respond but walked toward the hot tub. As we were getting in, I said "this is deserted and we could skinny-dip here and no one would know."  

To my surprise, she just snickered and when she got into the water below the bubbles, she began removing her bikini top. I quickly took off my trunks and then she took off her bikini bottom. We both remarked about how much better the water and bubbles felt with nothing on. It was a small tub so we were very close to each other so I started to rub her back where her bathing suit had been and said "doesn't that feel great?" Fran replied that it certainly did and backed into me. My cock which had been straight up since she took off her top hit her in the ass as she backed into me. I kept rubbing her back but now my 7+ inch cock was sticking up between her ass cheeks.

Fran turned around and we kissed as my cock touched her stomach. Neither of us acknowledged its presence. My mouth opened and her tongue found mine and our kisses got more and more heated. Then she turned around again and distinctly backed her ass into my erect cock. I held her against me by putting my arm around her shoulders and then moved my other hand to her breast. Her nipple was large and hard. I played with both of her breasts and squeezed and pinched her nipples. Still she did not acknowledge my cock between her ass cheeks.

Just about that time, the hot tub timer shut off and the bubbles stopped and the water cleared. Up until now we did not have to acknowledge that we were both naked, but in the clear water, it was hard to ignore. I said "where is the timer?" Fran pointed along the fence and said "there it is" and broke from my grasp and got out of the pool and turned the timer back on. As she was getting back into the tub, she sat on the edge with her legs open giving me a clear view of her pussy. 

"Mmmm, that looks delicious" I said. She got into the tub and came over to kiss me again. 

"I thought you said you were full"  

"But I always have room for pussy", I replied. 

"Oh really" she said. 

"Absolutely! Pleasuring beautiful women orally is my favorite pastime. I could do it for hours if the woman really is enjoying it."

"You mean as long as she is doing you at the same time," Fran said.

"Oh no," I replied. "I much prefer to allow the woman to not be distracted, unless playing with my cock while I am sucking and licking her pussy will add to her enjoyment.  I only want to give her pleasure."

"You are not shy, are you?" Fran asked.

"Unfortunately, when I get excited, I don't know how to be subtle. I prefer to be direct and say, Fran, I would really like to eat your pussy for you."

"Here?"

"Well, 'here' would mean you would have to sit on the side of the pool or in a chair over there and I don't know if all of the people in the rooms facing this pool are asleep. I don't mind them watching since they will only be able to see the back of my head," I said.

Then she reached over to her suit and began putting it on under water. I did the same, wondering what was going to happen next. I was also surprised that she never touched my cock or mentioned it at all. We got out of the tub and started walking again. 

This time I was surprised to see that she found her room in a short period of time. All of the rooms opened to the outside so there were no hallways or inside corridors at the resort.

At her door she turned to kiss me and we shared a dip kiss with dueling tongues. After about three minutes of deep kissing she asked if I would come in and put some lotion on her back as all that time in the chlorinated water was sure to do some damage. She didn't wait for an answer and turned to unlock her door. Once inside her room (all rooms were actually a suite) she took off the top of her bikini and started to take off the bottom.

"You're not shy either, I see" I said.

"Hey, you've already seen me naked, and I don't want lotion on my suit" So there Fran was, completely naked with nice 34c breasts and a flat stomach with a nice pussy below that with just a wisp of dark hair. She walked into the bathroom and came out with the little hotel bottle of lotion. I still had my suit on with my very hard cock almost sticking out above the waistband. 

She laid down on her stomach on the couch and I proceeded to apply lotion to her back, not skipping her naked ass. Of course I made sure to put lotion in the crack of her ass occasionally touching her rosebud and pussy. Fran rolled over without my asking and I did the same to her front, paying special attention to her tits and nipples. 

When I finished with the lotion, I said that there was one more spot that needed attention. I asked her to sit up and she did so. Then I asked her to open her legs so I could pleasure her pussy. She opened her legs a bit and, although I could reach her pussy, I knew she would appreciate it more if she would open up more.

"Do you know how to spread your legs like a porn queen?" I asked. 

"No, I haven't studied porn queens" Fran replied. 

"Well, I have not studied porn queens either, but I have studied pussy eating, and believe me, pussy presentation is part of the dining experience."

"So bring your heels up as close to your ass as possible and then spread your knees out to the side."

Fran did this, and there she sat on the couch with her pussy and asshole clearly visible. Her pussy lips were big and full and her clit was swollen with anticipation. I love big, puffy pussy lips with a lot of folds, like a rose, to retain the taste and provide something to suck on. 

"Oh, Fran. That looks like a very nice pussy" I said as I got down on the floor in front of her. Keeping eye contact with her, I gently kissed to legs to the left and right of her exposed pussy and then I kissed her clit. Next I licked down from her clit to the bottom of her pussy right next to her asshole. She moaned a little and I said "mmmmm this is a nice pussy."

I then began to lick and suck her pussy concentrating on alternating between sucking her lips into my mouth and licking deep into her cunt hole. I sucked on her clit and then licked all around it. She came the first time that I sucked her clit into my mouth. My hands were holding her ass so that I could feed her pussy to my mouth like a piece of watermelon. Her cum was sweet the way a 23 year-old girls cum usually is. 

After she came, I licked her hole clean and licked all of the cum that ran down out of her pussy into her asshole and her legs. The first time my tongue touched Fran's asshole she jumped. My guess was this was the first tonguing experienced by her young asshole. 

Even though she had an orgasm, I did not stop licking her pussy. I only slowed down a bit to give her some time to recover. She sat back and began talking.

"You are such a good pussy sucker. Where did you learn how to do this so well?"

I didn't answer her as I didn't think these were real questions. 

"Ohhhh yes, suck my clit again.  Stick your tongue in my hole." She said.  I did as she asked. As I sensed her getting excited again, I stuck a finger into her cunt. Again she reacted and I enjoyed her reaction.

I moved my finger in and out, finger fucking her cunt while licking and sucking her clit. She was moaning and holding my head and began talking dirty.

"Yes, finger fuck my wet pussy. Suck my clit right out of my cunt." 

I love it when a girl is so moved she talks like a slut. She came for the second time. 

I could not believe how much cum can gushing out of her pussy. I sucked it all out of her and again cleaned her. Once again, my tongue on her asshole elicited a fantastic response such that her cunt gushed a little more pussy juice for me to drink. I knew her asshole held great, unexplored pleasure for both of us.

When she calmed down she said "Ooooo, you are so fucking good. Your fucking tongue is like magic and those magic fingers are pretty nice too."

For the first time in 40 minutes, I left her pussy and went up to kiss her. My face was soaked with her pussy juice but she opened her mouth and licked her pussy juice from my face and tongue. She certainly enjoyed the taste of her own cunt on my face.  

"I've got to take off my trunks," I said. "My cock is straining against this wet material, and you have got me so hot, I feel like my cock is going to blow out of my skin."

Fran did not say anything as a stood in front of her and took off my trunks, tossing them across the room. My erected cock was about 12 inches from her face. She looked at it wide-eyed. I have been told I am too modest and that 7 inches is greater than most men, but the only cocks I see are in porn movies and they all appear larger than me. But Fran was staring at it, although she did not reach to touch it. I didn't care as I was not finished pleasuring her pussy. 

I got back on the floor.

"Let's change positions," I said. "Get on your knees and face the back of the couch." 

Fran knelt on the couch and faced the back with her ass toward me. "Now spread your knees apart again and lean over so that I can reach your delicious pussy from behind"

I think she thought I was going to fuck her, because she acted surprised when she felt my tongue on her pussy again. From this position, I could just barely reach her clit, but I could lick her hole very easily and her asshole was very accessible. 

I alternated sucking her pussy hole and reaching under her to finger her clit. Then I reached under her to lick her clit and I stuck a finger in her cunt. It was soaked. As I worked my tongue back to her cunt hole, I spread the pussy juice on my finger on her exposed asshole. She jumped at the instant my finger came into contact with her asshole. 

After I got her asshole nice and wet with her pussy juice, I put my finger back in her cunt while I licked her pussy-juice off of her asshole. I could feel her pussy get noticeably more wet with my finger when I tongued her asshole. 

Then I moved my mouth back to her cunt hole removing my very wet fuck finger from her hole. As I started to suck her pussy again she said "you to fucking too much. I'm never going to let you out of this room." And she started to play with her clit with her hand. 

I took my soaking wet finger and moved it to her asshole and she did not jump this time until I began to insert my slippery finger into her virgin asshole. She resisted for a second and then started to cum as I was sucking her cunt hole, she was masturbating and I was finger-fucking her asshole. I only put half of my finger into her asshole, but it was enough to make her cum like it was her first time. 

After about 10 minutes, she stopped masturbating and stopped cumming. I licked her cunt and ass clean and she rolled over and slumped into the couch exhausted. I had been licking her pussy for over 90 minutes.

I stood up and she looked at my cock. "I would love to suck on that nice looking cock of yours," she said, "but I am exhausted. Will you take a rain check?"

"I don't mind, hon. But I have a tremendous hard-on and I really need to cum. Do you mind if I jerk myself off?"

"Really?" Fran said. " I would love to watch you pleasure yourself. And I would love it if you came all over me or in my mouth. I love cum but I don't have the energy left to suck it out of you tonight. Will you cum for me?"

So I stood over her and slowly began stroking my rock hard cock. She alternated between playing with her pussy and touching my balls. It wasn't long before I felt my cock swell and my balls tighten. "I'm getting ready" I said.

"Shoot it into my fucking mouth," Fran yelled as she positioned her open mouth inches from the end of my cock as my right hand moved up and down on the shaft. Soon I was shooting rope after rope of cum into her mouth and on her face. Some dripped onto her tits. After I finished, she sucked my cock head clean and licked the cum off her tits and scooped it off her face with her finger and sucked her finger.  She stood up and gave me a kiss and some of my own cum back. I swallowed along with her.