 I loved sitting in Father Richard's big church office. I could feel the sexual tension the moment I stepped through the threshold. I took my usual seat in one of the big wing-back chairs that faced his massive oak desk. He was sitting at his desk reading, his glasses perched practically at the end of his noise, he was intense, studying carefully what was before him. 

I sat down and noticed that the tea service was already on the coffee table in front of the sofa. I smiled, I loved my weekly visits to Father Tom. I was relishing the quiet, but sexually tense moments, not really knowing what was in store for me with each visit. 

Father Richard had specifically requested that I come to his office today, not to the confessional as I had been doing the past couple of visits...so here I was, waiting for my next adventure. I didn't have to wait long. There was a light knock on the door and then it opened.

"Right on time," Father Richard commented to the visitor. "This is Elizabeth, she's the young lady with the sexual lust problems I was telling you about. Elizabeth, this is Father Chris. Father Chris will be assisting me today with your session."

Father Chris was a small balding man. He was dressed in his black trousers and shirt, collar. He was quite short but seemed to be physically fit. He appeared to be much younger than Father Richard. He extended his hand to shake my hand upon our introduction. I shook his hand and noticed how smooth and soft his hands were...small hands, almost like a woman's hand...he had big brown eyes and spoke very softly.

Father Richard closed the book he was reading and laid it upon his desk. He took off his glasses and looked across his desk at me. Then he got up and went to the tea service waiting on the coffee table. He sat down on the sofa and poured us all a cup of tea. Father Chris sat next to Father Richard on the sofa.

"Stand right here, Elizabeth," Father Richard told me as I was about to sit in the easy chair on the end of the coffee table. I did as I was told. "Undress her," he instructed Father Chris. I wasn't sure what to think about this but stood there still while Father Chris stood up and came over to me and started unbuttoning my blouse and then my skirt...his hands were warm and his touch very light and gentle. He laid my clothes on the easy chair as he continued to remove my bra and then slid my panties down my legs. I stepped out of them and he laid those on top of my outer clothes. Father Richard watched intensly. I could feel my pussy lips swelling as each article was removed. I could see that Father Chris had a hard on, I could tell by the tent rising out of his trousers...and I began to wonder how big his cock was...when would I get to see just how big he was or if it was little...

"Elizabeth, down on your knees," Father Richard demanded. I obeyed getting down on my knees in front of Father Chris. "You may proceed." Father Richard nodded to Father Chris. Father Chris unbuckled his belt and then unzipped his trousers and pulled them down and off after taking off his shoes...he had on black briefs which did not hide his erection. He then removed his black shirt and collar...then without hesitation he removed his black undershirt and briefs, leaving on only his black socks. 

His erection was magnificent! He had to be at least 8 inches in length and quite a wide girth to his cock. I noted that he was a bit smaller than Father Richard in cock size. 

His cock-head was already swollen and a dark red, leaking of precum...I must've been licking my lips as Father Richard chuckled his observation.

"Looks like Elizabeth is ready to get right to her Cock Worshiping, she's already licking her lips in anticipation of getting your cockmeat in her mouth."

I blushed as he spoke knowing that I was obviously a very naughty, nasty girl...my pussy was throbbing with excitement I could hardly wait to get that hard cock in my mouth...Father Chris stepped up to me kneeling on the floor. He offered me his hard manmeat and I looked over at Father Tom before continuing.

"Yes, my child, take the cock in your mouth. Worship that cock, show Father Chris what a good little Cock Worshiper you are," Father Tom told me. I didn't have to be told twice. I sat back on my legs and took his hard cock in one hand and placed my lips on the very head...precum was leaking out and I licked at it with my tongue. Father Chris let out a very loud moan as I opened my mouth and slowly began to take him...I have a small mouth and I was afraid that his wide girth might be a problem for me, but I relaxed my mouth and jaws as best I could and began to take him into my mouth...my wicked little tongue working, licking, flicking as the head filled my mouth...

I cupped Father Chris' balls with my other hand and then began to ever so gently massage them as I held his cock and continued to take more and more of him into my mouth...I felt his hands on my head, his fingers moving through my hair.

"That's it Elizabeth, take his cock into your mouth. Suck for the nectar that awaits your sexual hunger, your sexual lust needs to be quenched...suck and drink the nectar that will provide you with your sinful satisfaction," I heard Father Richard telling me in his soft, firm voice...Father Chris began to move his hips, starting to fuck my mouth...I could feel his balls jumping and twitching as I increased my sucking pressure on his hardness...I wanted his spew, I wanted to taste the load of cum that was boiling in his balls...I knew I would drink it all, take it all...

I felt Father Chris' fingers and then his hands gripping my hair...the movement in his hips increasing, he was fucking my mouth with more vigor, he was holding me in place by my hair...

"Father Chris, you are to announce when you are ready to release your holy spew," Father Richard told him as he stood next to him. Father Richard then began to remove his clothes until he was standing there only in his black socks. Father Richard was sporting his own incredible erection, his thick black pubs nestling his swollen cum-filled balls...

There was a knock on the door and Father Tom went to answer it. Father Chris continued to fuck my mouth, holding me in place by my hair...not that I was trying to get away from his magnificant cock...I heard voices and then the door closed. There seemed to be more people joining us...

"Father Richard, I'm about to cum," Father Chris told him. Father Richard then stood behind me and leaned down to me, grabbing me by the hair and forcing me to take Father Chris farther into my mouth and throat...

"Take that cock and now taste that spew," Father Richard hissed in ear as Father Chris released his cum load...squirting in the back of my throat, filling my mouth, almost choking me as he came and came in my mouth..."That's it, take that holy load and quench your lusty hunger...drink it all, my dear, taste the load of salvation." Father Richard pulled my hair to try and take more of Father Chris into my mouth...I thought I was going to choke his cock was so far into my mouth and practically down my throat...I was gasping and doing my best not to loose a drop of this precious nectar...

Then Father Richard pulled me away from Father Chris' wilting cock and pulled me on my knees to another waiting hard cock...he pulled me up and held my head back...

"You will worship many cocks this afternoon, you will taste the spew of many before you leave today...Now open your mouth and suck this cock," Father Richard ordered me...pulling my head forward by my hair and there waiting for me to open my mouth was another hard cock...I looked up and it was an older man, naked and fully erect with only his black socks on...I tried to look around to see how many more people had joined us but Father Richard was holding me by the hair to make sure I took to this new cock...I could see at least 2 other men undressing...all had on black socks...how strange...

Father Richard let go of my hair as the man I was now sucking grabbed a hold of my hair to hold me in place...I was curious as to how many cocks I would indeed be worshiping this afternoon...I managed to look out of the corner of my eye just as one of the men knelt down before Father Richard and took Father Richard's cock in his mouth and began suckling it...

I must've stopped my own sucking for a moment when I felt my hair being pulled to remind me to continue my own sucking ministrations on the cock in my mouth...

"You're not the only cock worshiper here today," the man whispered to me as he pulled my mouth onto his cock further...This cock wasn't as thick and long as Father Chris' cock...and then it dawned on me, the man kneeling and suckling Father Richard's cock was Father Chris...Father Richard was holding Father Chris' head in his heads and chanting something as Father Chris sucked and licked Father Richard's fabulous erection...Father Chris was like a starved man on that cock...

I was so turned on my pussy juices were dripping onto the floor...I reached down and began to finger myself while I sucked and licked on the cock in my mouth...I wanted to watch Father Chris suck Father Richard's cock but I my head was being held in place by my hair...the man began to fuck my mouth, thrusting in and out, faster and faster...I stopped fingering myself and reached up and gently massaged his balls...I could tell from the way they were tensing that he was about to spew his cum load...and he did...he started cumming and yelling as his cock spasmed and squirted his hot load into my mouth...I sucked harder and made sure I didn't miss a drop...his cock quickly wilted after spewing...

He stepped out of the way and then I felt an hand on my arm and I was being pulled over to where Father Chris was kneeling before Father Richard...I was put right next to Father Chris and a fresh hard cock was placed in front of me...I couldn't believe how close I was to watching Father Chris sucking Father Richard...Father Richard continued his incantations while I began sucking the cock put to my lips...I couldn't believe how nasty it was to watch another man sucking Father Richard's cock...I was so hot, my pussy was just throbbing with excitement...

"Put her over the arm of the easy chair...be careful, her pussy is so hot you're liable to burn your cock when you stick it in there," Father Richard said to one of the new arrivals...I was pulled up by my arms and pushed across the arm of the easy chair...another man positioned himself such in the chair that I take his hard cock in my mouth while another man fucked me from behind...the cock behind me slid easily into my pussy...I must've started cumming because it didn't take that guy long to release his load filling my pussy and our juices running down the insides of my legs...the cock in my mouth immediately went off filling my mouth with cum as well...

I don't know how long all this went on...I was soon lost in sucking and fucking as a hard cock would replace the spent one...it was all happening so fast...the room smelled of our sex, of our cum...it went on for hours...and then one by one they started disappearing...no more hard cocks replaced the wilting ones and I found myself placed in the easy chair, fully and completely spent.

I was in a daze as 2 men remained. 

"Take her to the shower and clean her up," Father Richard told them. They each took an arm and lead me to the dark shower where they lathered me up and cleaned me of the cum-loads that were drying on me...my pussy was full but satisfied...I could still taste the cum loads, licking my lips...they dried me with thick white towel, wrapped me in a nice fluffy robe and then returned me to Father Richard's office.

Father Richard and Father Chris were both dressed. Father Richard behind his desk, sipping his tea and Father Chris in one of the two wing-backed chairs in front of the desk. The two men that had taken me to the shower left. 

"Get dressed Elizabeth then join us for tea. It is about time for you to go," Father Richard told me. I put on my clothes and then took the chair next to Father Chris.

"Today you learned about worshiping cocks. Did you enjoy your cock worshiping time, Elizabeth?" Father Tom asked.

"Yes, Father, I did," I replied.

"Good. You did well my dear. You are a VERY good cock worshiper. For now your lust should be manageable. I will see you next week at our usual time," Father Richard said. He then stood up and saw me to the door. He kissed me on the forehead as he opened the door...then he took my face in his hands and kissed me full on the lips...I could taste the cum on his tongue just as I hoped he could taste it on mine...