 While this story could be read as a stand alone story you should read them in order to get the best from them. 

I had a great time in 1996 some of the fun is described in the two earlier parts. 1997 got off to a great start as well. 

Maria and I had some great sex on New Year's Eve finishing with us both exhausted in the early hours of Jan 1 1997. I had to work the next few days while Maria went away on holiday with her family, I was to catch up with them in a few days. 

I work in a small outdoors equipment shop selling clothing, tents, camping equipment etc... It was getting late in the afternoon and the shop had been quiet most of the day. We sent the 2 part time staff home and just my manager and I were left for the last two hours. 

I had been watching this lady wander around the shop for the last half hour, she kept looking around almost as if checking to see if anyone was watching her (classic shoplifting behaviour) so I had my eyes on her. She was worth keeping an eye on too I guessed mid 40's, nice athletic body, tight little arse, long legs and nice looking tits. I walked up and offered to help her, she smiled "yes please I'm wanting to buy some clothing for my husband but I'm not sure what to buy". Oh great I thought trust me to get the difficult customer at the end of the day. We chatted a little about what he does and what size he is. Turns out he is "similar" built to me so she started measuring clothes against me. At first I didn't think much of her hands touching my legs as she positioned the pants against me but when her hand brushed my crutch for the third time I started to wonder what was going on. 

She then asked me if I could try some pants on and let her know what I thought. To me this was getting weird and I suggested she buy the clothes, keep the receipts and bring it back if it's wrong. She put her hand in her pocket and pulled out a $50 note "please can you try them on I would love to see how they look". Reluctantly I took the bribe money and the pants heading for the changing room with her close behind me. 

I tried the first pair on and came out to show her she ran her hands over them again touching my crutch a bit too much. I changed into the second pair and again she touched and rubbed my legs and crutch. This was now causing my cock to start swelling and she knew it too. Half way through trying on the final pair she opened the curtains and stepped inside the changing room with me quickly closing the curtains behind her. Now this was getting awkward here was I in my underwear with a half erect cock and a middle aged woman I didn't know just entered the changing room with me. She quickly dropped to her knees and pulled my cock from my underwear. Very nice she said running her fingers up and down it's length. "I have something for you if you want it" she said pulling her boob tube down revealing she had a skimpy lace bra on with another $50 note tucked into it. As I reached for the note she stood up and said "no, you must not use your hands to remove it". I leant forward placing my face in between her breasts and using my tongue to try free the note. She held my head in place obviously enjoying herself.

Eventually I got the money out and she said "put that nice cock away I'll take all these and a few other things I saw around the store too". 

I quickly dressed and we exited together, I took the clothes to the register as she went and collected a few more bits, all up she spent $2000 which made my daily sales figures look good. She then said "I don't have a car can you deliver these to me after work, it's not that far from here". 

I walked right into her trap "sure why not I said" hey I had nothing else to do Maria was away as were most of my friends and this lady just spent $2000 plus the $100 I had in my pocket hey maybe I might get one more tip for delivering. 

As the store closed she helped me load her purchases into my car. We took off heading to her place which would take us about 10 minutes. The whole way there she either had her hand on my thigh or she was adjusting her boobs in her bra. 

We arrived at her house, a nice old villa in a reasonable neighbourhood. I grabbed some stuff from the car as she went to unlock the house "place the stuff in that room over there" she said pointing to a small bedroom that looked more like a storage room. I went and gathered more stuff from the car, it took two more trips to get it all in by myself. I closed the boot as I grabbed the last items, headed inside and placed them in the room. As I turned to leave there she was no boob tube or bra on just a perfect pair it boobs right in my face. I froze on the spot "sorry that bra and top were killing my boobs" she said i just stood there like a deer in headlights. "You can touch them if you want I don't mind" well that was all I needed to hear my hands shot up cupping each magnificent breast. Savouring the silky feel of her skin and the nice weight of each one. 

I leant forward and started to kiss circles around her left breast but avoided her nipples, then I repeated it on her right breast. Finally after doing this two more times I took her left nipple in my mouth and sucked on it flicking my tongue over it at the same time. She turned to jelly instantly moaning about how good it felt, her hands working to get my pants undone and my cock free. She pulled me down the hall and into another bedroom and threw me down on the bed working my pants and underwear down my legs. She then started to give me a blow job. Now I have had blow jobs before but never like this. 

It started off nice she licked the head swirling her tongue around, then she just shoved it straight down her throat gagging and chocking herself. She would lift her head up and do it again and again and again, not very pleasurable let me tell you. 

So I stopped her, she looked upset like she had disappointed me. I calmly told her "other guys might like it that way but it's not for me" she started to cry and sobbed something about not being good enough and well the rest I couldn't understand through the tears. 

"Look every guy is different" I said in a reassuring tone "I liked the way you started do some more of that for me please" so she started to lick and swirl her tongue around the head of my cock. "Good now wrap your lips tightly around my cock and slide up and down a bit, not all of it just the top half" she was following instructions well and I was enjoying this very much and I told her so. She kept doing it for a bit more then I suggested "suck the head again and stroke the rest with your hand" again she followed instructions well and I was enjoying this. "ok now alternate between those 3 things" I instructed, she could do no wrong and I felt my release building but this is not how I wanted to finish. 

I pulled her head off my cock and pulled her to me so I could kiss her congratulating her on the improvement in her BJ technique. She thanked me for my great instruction. She then climbed back off the bed stripped off the rest of her clothes and climbed back on top of me. 

This time she lined my cock up with her pussy and sank down the full length of my shaft. She rode me slowly enjoying the feeling of my cock in her pussy. We switched positions a few times, I had her on her hands and knees with me pounding into her from behind when the bedroom door opened and there in the doorway stood a monster of a man. 6'5 and built like a brick shit house, I froze in place she looked up and said "hi darling" like it was nothing. He walked up to her and said "hi Michelle I'm glad you waited for me this time". Ahh Michelle at least I now knew her name. 

He pulled his cock out and shoved it in her face screaming at her to suck his cock while I fucked her. She opened her mouth for his limp cock licking the head and stroking him bringing him to full size then she just shoved it straight down her throat gagging and chocking herself. She would lift her head up and do it again and again and again he apparently enjoyed this which explains why she thought I wanted a blow job the same way. 

After watching this for a good minute or two he looked at me and said "don't stop fucking her now, pound that fucken pussy" so I started pumping her again. We settled in to a good slow rhythm when I thrust forward it would force Michelle to take more cock down her throat, then I would pull back almost all the way out and wait for her to gag. When she did and she pulled back off his cock she impailed herself on my cock again so I would pull back a fraction more and then slam forward into her forcing his cock back down her throat. 

At this point mr big decided he wanted some pussy so he pulled Michelle from me kissed her then threw her on the bed, he climbed between Michelle's legs and stuck his cock in her. I moved away from the bed with the intention of sneaking away but he noticed and told me to just sit down and enjoy the show. I watched them for 5 minutes clearly this was about him not her, he never spoke to her, never checked she was enjoying herself he just kept pumping her hard. 

Then he rolled the two of them over so Michelle was on top. He pulled her shoulders down tight to him and looked over her at me. "Hey boy bring that pathetic cock here I have something for you" he commanded. "Pathetic cock" I thought, his cock was shorter than mine and a fraction thinner. 

I slowly made my way back to the bed stroking my cock to make sure it was still hard. "Grab the lube over there, lube your cock and fuck her arse" he said. Not wanting to piss this monster of a guy off I did exactly as he requested lubing up my cock and preparing to stick my cock in Michelle's arse. 

I had never fucked someone up the arse before, I have put a finger or two in while fucking but never my cock so this was something new. I lined my slick cock up with her puckered arse hole, gently I pushed forward against her resistance. It's not that she was trying to stop me she was just tight. 

Slowly my cock head pushed its way into her back passage then finally the head slipped in. Once I got the head in the rest was easier. Michelle let out a moan and muttered something about feeling full of cock. Mr big started to move his hips sliding his cock in and out of Michelle's pussy. It was weird I could feel the pressure of his cock moving in her pussy. Mr big then yelled at me "well are you going to fuck her or just leave that little cock in there as a butt plug". 

I started to slowly pump my cock in and out of her tight arse, it was a bit awkward to start with but eventually we got into a rhythm with Michelle bouncing a bit as we alternately pumped in and out as well. The feeling was amazing then mr big roared and blew his load in Michelle's pussy. I didn't stop in fact now that they both stopped moving I speed up pumping her harder and faster until Michelle shook below me squealing as the next orgasm racked her body, I kept going as both Michelle and mr big told me to stop but I wasn't stopping not yet not until "OH YEAH" I cried as I unloaded my balls deep inside Michelle's arse. 

It feels good to finally unload after being worked up for so long and the fact it was in this perfect little arse made it even better. We all collapsed on the bed catching our breath, I then excused myself to their bathroom found a wash cloth to wipe myself up and returned to get dressed and leave. Michelle walked me to the door naked as the day she was born, kissed me and said "I'll come see you at work tomorrow."

I waited all day for Michelle but saw no sign of her I had given up on seeing her again when true to her word Michelle turned up at work just 5 minutes before closing time. As I was running the store today I told her I would be about 10 more minutes as I need to close the registers and lock up. Michelle said no worries I'll wait by your car. 

I cashed up and locked up faster than I ever have before. As I turned to walk across the car park to my car I noticed Michelle was sitting on the boot of my car. As she saw me coming she spread her knees wide giggled and closed them again. If I wasn't mistaken there were no panties and that was a bare pussy I was looking at. Michelle must have seen the look on my face because she flashed me again. "Be careful, someone might just stick something in there" I warned her she just smiled at me. Michelle kept spreading her legs as I walked across the car park towards her. 

When I got to her I pushed her legs apart and reached my hand up to her pussy gently rubbing it. As she got wetter I got braver and soon I had two fingers slowly sliding in and out of her pussy. 

Michelle sat on the boot of the car with me fingering her as we talked. She told me Brian had gone away for a business trip and wouldn't be back for a week. Michelle asked if I wanted to come stay with her until Brian got back, I knew I had to leave to meet Maria and her family in the morning so I said to Michelle "let me make a phone call first and I might be able to do a night or two" she just smiled. 

I dropped Michelle back to her house and headed for home promising I would be back soon. I phoned Maria and told her I needed to work the next day so would be a day late leaving to meet them, Maria agreed it wasn't great as she missed me but if it was only one day she could wait. 

I showered and grabbed a quick bite to eat then returned to Michelle's place around 7pm that evening, she answered the door wearing a beautiful robe which was barely tied together. I could clearly see lots of skin which suggested she had not much on underneath. As Michelle turned and walked away back into the house she let the robe fall to the floor confirming she was naked underneath.

I quickly closed and locked the door crossing the room to catch up with her. She lead me down the hall and upstairs then lead me into the master bedroom the view was amazing, I could see their huge back yard with some well maintained gardens and large trees providing lots of privacy, there was a pool and sun deck with a BBQ pit. As I was looking out the window admiring the back yard Michelle came up behind me and wrapped her arms around me "plenty of time to check the yard later" she said "right now I want your attention on me" and with that she sat on the edge of the bed and spread her legs. I was there in a flash dropping to my knees and sticking my face in between her legs. I placed kisses all around her thighs and pussy lips getting her worked up. 

It worked as she grabbed my head and forced it into her pussy "just fucken lick me already" she screamed so I did, I ran my tongue up and down the outside of her pussy lips then lightly blew across them. Next I gently pulled them apart a bit not with my hands but by sucking each one to the side then grabbing it with my fingers. 

I ran my tongue up and down the length of her lips first one then the other, I was in no hurry and I was going to make sure she enjoyed this. Finally after doing this a few times I ran my tongue straight up the middle till it flicked her clit. Michelle's body jumped and she moaned the second I hit it. I kept working my tongue up and down her pussy making circles around her clit at the top and probing it into her pussy at the bottom. Michelle was on cloud 9 as I pleasured her. After about ten minutes of this Michelle had cum a couple of times but now I decided it was time for the big one. 

I waited till her body started to tense up again and I zeroed I'm on her clit attacking it with my tongue for all I was worth, at the same time I slid a finger into her tight pussy curling it up to find the raisin skin textured spot also known as the G-spot. I knew when I hit it not just because of how it felt to me but because Michelle's hips started thrusting every time I rubbed it. 

With my tongue on her clit and my finger on her G-spot Michelle came hard screaming and squealing but I didn't stop I had other plans. Michelle's hips were bouncing so much I couldn't keep my mouth in place but I was determined so I kept licking as best I could while I kept stroking her G-spot then it happened Michelle screamed, thrashed, shook and her pussy gushed our heaps of cum as she had the biggest orgasm of her life. Michelle passed out it was so intense. I pulled her body up and into bed covering her with a sheet, I decided I may as well lay with her so I stripped my clothes off and climbed into bed pressing my naked body against hers. 

Some time later I woke to a strange feeling I couldn't quite work it out and the house was now pitch black which didn't help. I fumbled around in the dark and found the switch for the bedside light turning it on to reveal a rather large shape under the covers bobbing up and down. Then I clicked Michelle was blowing me and fuck it was good she had remembered everything I said the night before. 

Once Michelle realised I was awake she crawled up the bed and kissed me thanking me for her most amazing orgasm. Turns out in the ten years her and Brian have been together he never once ate her pussy or fingered her it was all wham bam thank you mam I'm done. 

Michelle climbed on top and lowered herself onto my cock. She rocked and bounced gently as we talked about life, sex, money and family. Brian had the life always travelling and earning good money, sex was always about him and unfortunately for Michelle there was no family locally. Her parents passed away a few years ago and her two older sisters lived half way around the world. Brian never took her travelling with him so she started gardening. I told her "the gardens look amazing and I would love to see them properly tomorrow." Michelle smiled a real smile not a put on one like people try to fake. 

I rolled us over so I could fuck her, gently at first then picking up the pace a bit I knew she had enjoyed herself and asked her if she was ready for me to cum? "Yes but I want to taste it" she said so I carried on fucking Michelle until I was almost ready to pop. 

"cum and get it" I said to her as I hit that point of no return. Michelle quickly spun round and sucked on my cock as I unloaded an unusually large load of cum straight down her throat. Michelle struggled to keep up with my load and some dribbled from the side of her mouth, she simply wiped it up with her finger and stuck it back in her mouth. Michelle and I cuddled up together naked and in a fantastic sexual afterglow. 

I awoke the next morning to a strange feeling. As I opened my eyes properly I noticed Michelle's head bobbing up and down then I realised what was going on she was blowing me again. 

"Good morning sleepyhead" she said. "Mind if I ride this thing?" I just lay there and groaned some sort of response but it was enough to get her riding me. We fucked, well actually she rode me for about half an hour before we just lay there cuddling. 

Michelle got up to make us some breakfast. I wandered out a few minutes later to see her standing at the stove frying bacon and eggs wearing just a cooks apron. I walked up behind her and started groping her bottom and rubbing her pussy lips. Oh how I wanted to just fuck her then and there but I needed food. 

After breakfast we showered together which of course lead to us playing up. Her body felt great as my hands rubbed soap all over her. The feeling of course caused me to get hard as iron so I had to do something. I pulled Michelle against me my hands reaching around to cup her breasts, then I pushed her forward bending her over. She knew what was coming next and boy did she want it. 

"Stick that big cock in me please" she almost begged. "Brian never fucks me anywhere but the bed and I have always wanted to try it in the shower." Who was I to deny this horny woman. 

I eased my cock into her pussy this had changed from me just wanting some relief to making sure she enjoyed it more than me. We fucked gently for a while then I picked up the pace until her legs buckled from the force of my hips slamming into her. With a huge smile on her face she thanked me and grabbed a wash cloth to clean herself up. I was still hard as can be but Michelle was done. 
