 Written as co chapter author with jmt in the series Confessions.

Carla smiled as she hung up the phone. 

 ‘This will be the most memorable night of his life,’ she said to herself, getting her list and making sure everything is checked off before the guys start coming over to surprise Mark.

  Knowing he would never think that she would have the guts to set up such a party for him, she made sure it would be something he would remember. Twenty guys were coming over, three kegs of beer and all the munchies a guy could want were available. Now there was only one more thing to worry about. A stripper!

  Carla knew of a girl from college who was a stripper, Angel. Carla dialed the latest number she had, hoping she would be there. 

 “The number you have dialed is no longer in service, this is a recording.” 

 ‘Well damn, what am I going to do now?' She thought. A sly smile played around her lips as she slid her hands down her hips onto her thighs. 

   Running up the stairs, Carla dove into her closet, bringing out all the lingerie she had stockpiled over the last year; stockings, push-ups and string thongs; everything she needed for the big surprise. Stripping down to her bare skin, she began to try on each outfit. Red satin with black lace, black satin with black and red lace, or emerald green satin with black lace, were her choices for the corsets. The black seamed stockings and 5 inch black patent leather heels should do the trick. She started to pair up the thongs and bras. 

 Attaching the black lace garters onto her stockings, she knew it was a custom to put them on first and take them off last. Having a huge bag to choose from, it was a hard decision to make, but Mark's favorite color was royal blue so she tried that set on first.

 ‘Yes, this is the one.’ She thought to herself, looking into the mirror. 

  She packed everything back up and slipped it back into her lingerie drawer; she now had to find a dress to wear over top her sexy outfit. Last New Years' Eve, she picked out a beautiful silver, tank style dress that fit her like a glove. If it still fits, it would be perfect, she decided. Rooting through her closet, she found the dress, nodding her head as she took it off the hanger.

  ‘This will be perfect!’ Sliding it over her full breasts, and pulling it over her hips, Carla smiled into the mirror, “Perfect!”

She felt sexy in her out fit as she scooted into the bathroom and added some heavy make up to her already gorgeous face. Some clips and spray on her hair and she was ready to make the men at Mark's party grovel at her feet. 

 Heading down stairs to the dinning room, she poured herself a tall drink - something to ward off the nervousness. As she took a sip, a drop of condensation dripped down the cleft of her breasts, making her arch her back with delight.

  'This will be a night for both of us to remember!' she said to herself, looking at her reflection in the mirror.

 A knock sounded a little before 8 o’clock, a bit ahead of schedule, but Carla decided that she might as well get the party started as she went to answer it. She opened the door to find two of Mark’s buddies from the factory.

 “Hi guys, come on in, I’ve set up the bar on the buffet in the dining room, go help yourself!”

 Sashaying towards the dining room to show the guys where things were, Carla made a point of moving her hips just so, to emphasize the curves. Hearing whispers behind her, she knew they both noticed. She decided she would take it to the next step. Leaning over the end of the buffet, Carla made sure her breasts were pouting over the neckline of her dress. These guys are going to want more and more of her before the night was over. 

 A deep conversation started; about the plans Carla had made to whisk Mark off for a weekend away at their cottage. In the middle of it, the doorbell rang, startling her. She walked towards the door, shaking her booty and flipping her hair over her shoulder, exposing her breasts. Carla made sure she bent a little farther then normal to open the door. The lace of her stockings showing under her hemline and she could hear a gasp from behind her. She smiled and opened the door.    The smiles and hugs she got from the men made this night easier as it went along. She did not bother to think of what they would say after it was all over. 

 Shortly after all the guys arrived, and drinks were served and Carla told everyone to quiet down, someone was in the drive way. In a few minutes, Mark opened the door.

 “Hey Hun, I’m home!” he said on his way in, stopping when he saw his living room full of his best buddies. “What on earth is going on here?” Mark asked Carla as she took him by the arm. 

  “I wanted you to have a special evening with your buddies, to sow your wild oats before you hit your mid-life crisis! I hope you enjoy everything I have planned, but there is only one problem, the stripper will be a bit late if that’s okay?” 

Dipping his head down to kiss his lovely Carla, Mark assured her that he and the guys could catch up on old times before she arrived.

   “Give me ten minutes guys and I’ll have the food table set for everyone to dig in!” she called out as she strutted towards the kitchen. Knowing all eyes were following her, she swayed her hips a little, kicking up the hem of her dress to show off some cheek. 

   She set out everything on the dining room table, sandwiches, cheese and cracker trays, hot peppers and pickles. That would be enough to keep them going. She then headed up stairs to fix her make up. Spraying on perfume and make sure everything is in order for the fun that was about to happen, Carla took a second glance in the mirror and put on her best stripper smile.

    Slipping into the bedroom, Carla checked to make sure her thong was just right, her stockings straight and her breasts sitting pretty for their premiere. Then she went to look for another pair of shoes. She found a sexy silver pair she picked up to wear for New Years but never wore; they were too high to dance all night in, but for a few short hours, they would be perfect. 

    Carla headed towards the stairs and hit the dimmer switch for the living room lights. Having the controls for the sound system wired into the house came in handy. Changing discs, a slow seductive song started to play. 

   “What the…?” she heard many of them say, as they turned and watched her glide down the stairs.

   They stood and stared at her, mouths hung open and glasses grasped tight. All eyes were on her, her slow sexy walk pulling them closer and closer to where she wanted them, in the palm of her hand. 

   Finding Mark in the middle of the room, Carla walked up to him, taking him by the shoulder and kissing him hard on the lips. “I hope you don’t mind Hun?” she asked running her hand up the back of his neck. 

   A smile covered Marks lips as she worked her way down his body. Dirty dancing was nothing compared to what Carla was doing to him right there in front of his friends. Slipping her hands up the front of his shirt, she slowly unbuttoned it, one button at a time. Reaching his waist, she pulled the tails of his shirt out and slipped it over his shoulders.     As she lowered the collar to his elbows, she squatted down in front of him, positioned right in front of his pelvis. Her tongue darted out, glazing her lips with moistness. A soft moan eased out from Mark as she started to drag her tongue up his torso. Hoots and hollers rang out. 

 “Go down on him!” they cheered as she returned to a squat. Carla smiled and looked at Mark, waiting for his approval. His hands were in her hair as he pulled her to his crotch.

  “Go for it baby, show them how good you are!” he encouraged. 

   Not letting him change his mind, she quickly unzipped his trousers and slid them down his thighs. Pulling his boxers down and unleashing the beast, Carla grabbed hold of him and started to lick his shaft. 

    Thinking of all the porno’s they had rented, Carla got right into it. Sucking it like a popsicle, tasting every inch as though it where her first time. Taking all of it in her mouth, sucking hard then easing up, wanting to make this last as long as she could. 

Mark threw back his head, showing Carla that he wasn’t far from cumming. Quickly releasing him and slowly massaging his balls, Carla stood in front, rubbing her breasts against his chest. His lips came to her hard, banging his teeth against her lip. Hungry to have his tongue in her mouth, he grabbed her hair and pulled her head back to take what belonged to him. 

  “Keep going!” they heard from all around, with that Mark’s hands worked their way to her breasts. Kneading each of them, drawing heat to her face. Mark dropped his lips to hers, licking his way to her cleavage. 

   Reaching down and grabbing the hem of her dress, he dragged it over her bottom and over her head. 

   “Holy Shit! Get a look of that ass!” someone said as he tossed her dress to the chair. Turning her around to show them what he gets to have every night of the week; Mark pulled her bottom close and nuzzled between her cheeks.

   Without much thought, Mark’s hand slid up and pushed Carla over, spreading her legs for him. His hands worked their way down her sides reaching her thong. He hooked his thumbs under the elastic and slowly slid them over her plump bottom. Mark then tapped her ankle to have her lift her foot out. Taking her thong in hand, Mark raised it to his nose, inhaling her scent.            

  “Fuck Man, you going to share?” Tony asked. It was passed to him and Tony took a quick sniff, before passing them around. 

  Standing there bare-assed, and ready to be fucked, Carla was amazed at how turned on the guys were. They didn’t care that she was their buddy’s wife, they thought of her as some cheep stripper ready to give them a good time. 

  Mark slipped his hands between her legs and opened her wide. He began darting his tongue in and out, as though it were his cock. Carla’s breasts bounced as Mark pushed and pulled her hips back and forth. Tony came up to her and caressed her jaw.

  “You mind if I try her out Buddy?” He asked. Almost in shock, Carla waited for the answer.

   “It's up to her, if she wants to its perfectly okay with me.” He replied.

   With that, Tony moved in front, unzipped his fly and took his cock out for her.

   “Suck this baby!” he insisted, teasing her lips with the cap. Taking the head in her mouth, she let out a soft cry. 'This couldn’t get any better,' she thought, 'or could it?' She sucked his huge, thick cock as Tony massaged her breasts. His cock thickened even more as the veins began to pulse. Grabbing her head and holding it against him, he fucked her mouth, the pre cum and saliva mixing to create an awesome sound. 

    “Oh Gawd, I’m going to blow!” Tony yelped, driving his shaft deeper into her mouth. A few more strokes and he did, coating her tongue and lips as she drank it all in. Swallowing was something Carla prided herself in; she loved the taste and would never pass it up. 

Licking her lips and smiling to the guys she asked, “Who’s next?” 

   “Wait a minute baby, you are going to sit on my cock for the next one!” Mark demanded, pulling her on top of him as he sat on the chair. Spreading her legs to rest over the arms, he spread her lips wide to show his shaft dipping in and out as Carla worked her way at Mark's cock. 

    “You sure you are okay with this Mark?” Bill asked as he walked over to get his share. 

    “Like I said, if the lady wants it, the lady is going to get it!”

   Bill dropped his pants around his knees and held his cock out for Carla to taste. Pulling him closer, she grabbed his hips and slid him between her breasts. Squeezing her beautiful globes around his shaft, she stroked them slow, then with increasing speed as his pre cum coated her. She Lifted her bottom and dropped it down, filling herself with cock. Mark's voice was getting huskier and deeper as she rode him wild. Her breasts were coated with slick, salty lube, as Bill used her breasts to blow his load. 

   “I want to cum all over those girls Carla!” Bill exclaimed. Pumping her harder and harder, his breathing becoming labored before he exploded all over the silken skin that lay before him. 

     Rubbing Bill’s semen into her breasts, then slowly licking every finger, making sure she didn’t miss a spot. She emphasized her task for all to take notice. 

    Mark was moving within her with long slow strokes, making his erection last. Grabbing hold of her breasts, he pulled her down onto him hard as she arched her back taking it all.      

   “I want to fill you so deep with my hot cum Baby, do you know what this is doing to me?” he asked, whispering into her ear as another friend of his made his way to where they sat. 

    “Mark, you know something, I’ve always had a fantasy of screwing a woman blindfolded. Would it be okay if Carla wants to try it?” Keith asked. 

    “I’d love to Handsome, only one thing, I want to be on my knees, with Mark under me, deep in my pussy. I want a cock in my butt and a cock in my mouth. Any takers?” she asked as she looked around, wondering who would be next. Watching the guys decide amongst themselves, Mark slipped her off his lap and got positioned on the floor. Carla stood over him, then knelt, squatting over his hard member. Closing her eyes, she slipped down on his shaft, fitting every inch over her womanhood. 

    Keith came up behind her, removing his tie at the same time. Thank Goodness he came to the party right after work without changing. Untying the knot, Keith slipped his tie around her blonde locks, concealing her eyes. One snug pull on either end to make sure it was secure, Keith reached for the hand cream on the coffee table. Gently pushing Carla by the shoulders, causing her to lean over, Keith drizzled the hand cream over her tight bottom. 

   He slowly started rubbing it in and softening her up, getting her pliable for his cap to enter. He slid a fingertip against her hole. Gently taking each stroke a little farther as he coaxed her along; when he managed to get two fingers in when he thought it was time to try is cap. 

  Propping himself against her ass, straddling Marks thighs, Keith coated his cock with the hand cream. Edging his way in, his cap disappeared between her cheeks. He grabbed her hips and slowly drove deeper, his shaft penetrating every inch of her opening, sweat dripping from his forehead dripping on her glistening ass. 

   Mark hung on, wanting the best ride from his woman, resisting the urge to splatter her walls with his hot seed. Keith, sinking his shaft in her ass, as Jim walked over and stood close to Carla’s face.

   “You want a hot cock in your mouth again baby face?” he asked as he slipped free from his jeans.      “Oh ya, let me taste your cum Jim,” she said in a deep moan. Standing over Mark with his cock slipping between Carla’s lips, Jim rocked his hips in rhythm with Keith. Driving hard, you would think the three heads would meet in the middle somewhere. 

   “Awwwwggggaaaddd!” Mark gritted between his teeth as his seed coated his wife’s pussy. 

   Moaning, Carla rocked her hips harder and harder setting Keith off almost at the same time. Sucking harder at the base of Jim’s cock, she took him in deeper, beating the heck out of her lips. Within a few minutes, he too was blowing his load in Carla. 

  “I can’t believe she hasn’t cum yet,” Russ said as he walked over to kiss Carla’s cum coated lips.

  “You want your chance at her?” Mark asked, slipping out from under his wife.

   “Hell ya!” He replied, starting to undo his trousers.

  “I have something else in mind, anyone want to join me in the billiards room?” Mark asked as he turned, grabbing a beer on the way to the basement. A few of the guys walked down behind Mark as Carla followed him. They overheard Mark asking her to climb onto the pool table. 

   Reaching up above the suspended ceiling, Carla released two padded chains from their hiding spot. Mark helped her secure her hands, one in each binding, before asking who wanted to go next.

   With guys lined up all around, watching Carla once again blindfolded, taking each guy one after another, Mark rummaged behind the bar and came out with a tool box. Reaching up and unhooking a key chain from Carla’s restraints, Mark used the key to open it. Taking one toy after another out of the box, Mark laid them out side by side along the end of the pool table. 

   Double-headers, butt plugs, vibrators, nipple clamps, small whips, a riding crop and many, many different items to slip into Carla’s sweet wet pussy.

   Picking up one of the three flavoured lubes, Jared wandered along the selection, eyeing up what he wanted to use. Selecting a beautiful set of Ben-Wa balls laid out in a handsome wooden box, he made his way to the far end of the table and slipped off his jeans. 

   Jared carefully drizzled the strawberry flavoured lube from the top of her butt and let it slide its way down, along her crevasse. Gently tracing her folds, he knew she was completely ready for him. 

   With the largest set in hand, Jared slipped his fingers between her lips, spreading her wide. His eyes widened in amazement as her sweet large lips accepted his fingers. Being so hot and wet, an instant erection grew between his legs. Putting one of the Ben-Wa balls against her opening, he nudged it gently inside her. With his liberally coated hands, he massaged the end of his penis, then leaned forward, slipping himself inside her. Feeling the cool metal against the end of his hot penis, an instant moan came from deep within his chest. 

   Pulling out, he reached for the second of the six balls. Slipping one after another inside he managed to get all six in as well as himself. Being careful not to hurt her, he started a slow rhythm. The balls massaging his shaft, making her tight against his aching cock. Carla held her hips in one spot and let Jared take control. Pulling her down on his cock, he lifted his hips to her. Very long strokes held him deep inside her and Carla worked her hips in circles enjoying the sensation.

   Sweat dripped from his forehead, running down the crack of her bottom. The sight alone caused an eruption that no other had given her since the night began. 

    As Jared’s breathing made a recovery, he knelt lower, suckling all the seed from Carla’s delicious lips. Dipping his tongue in and guiding a ball out into his mouth, he licked every drop of their mixed juices from the now warmed metal. Jared continued to remove the rest in the same manner until Carla began to quiver in orgasm.

   Kneeling lifeless on her haunches, Carla looked spent. Mark walked over and kissed her tightened nips with a wet tongue.

   “Tell me when you are ready for more my very beautiful slut,” he whispered then backed off until she caught her breath.

 While watching her regain her strength, Mark thought to himself. ‘She had fulfilled yet another fantasy.’ He had always dreamt of watching his wife with other men, now he couldn’t wait for her birthday. 

  ‘I wonder if her girlfriends would treat me in the same way?’ He thought to himself, listening to his beautiful wife moan in pure ecstasy.