 Re-Introduction

Hi, if we haven't met yet, my name is Cindy; I'm a cocksucking, dick-riding, pussy-eating, ass-fucking cum slut. And these are my confessions. 

My very first orgasm, and the half-dozen that followed, I climaxed while a cock spurted hot cum in my mouth and I fingered myself. The next 20 or 30 times I came, I was squatting in a glory hole, again with a series of cocks in my mouth, leaking precum or shooting a load down my throat while I fingered myself. In college, I lived in a dorm with a she-male room mate who took my virginity. She was my lesbian lover, with long, silky hair, soft tits, and a dick I could suck. It was confusing, but I liked it. My first gang bang was a combination blow-bang and cum shower at a frat house. While I ate cum from over a dozen men, some right in my mouth, some shot on me and licked up, a lesbian named Twylla ate me out. Man, was that great!

Just thought you should know who your'e dealing with. I hope reading about my experiences makes your dick hard or your pussy wet. I hope you cum while you imagine me doing you, or while you imagine that you are me. I wish you could cum in my mouth while I was having an orgasm. People say there's nothing like it. Maybe some day you will, who knows? 

Anyway, here's the next chapter in my confessions.

= = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 9 — Sweet Sorrow

= = = = = = = = = = 

I woke to sunlight streaming in through opened curtains, the furry feeling of too much pussy on my tongue, my throat sore from Max's gargantuan organ being stuffed down it, and the inviting smell of dark roast coffee. It was Sunday morning. What a weekend! Twylla, Delta Pi, Lonni, Lonni and Twylla together, then the Dom Ball... I felt like a cum sponge. It felt pretty good, actually. I was a popular gal.

Twylla brought in a tray with coffee, cream, toast, and orange slices. My mouth watered. Twylla was wearing a silk dressing gown. She set the tray down on the bed and twitched her gown partly open to reveal a pert breast crowned with a pink nipple. "Kiss mama good morning. It's from her generous teats that all good things flow."

I sucked the delicate nipple, bit it softly with my teeth. "Ahhh," she sighed. "You do know how to treat a girl, girl. But eat your breakfast, while it's hot. I can wait." She grinned. "I'm always hot.

"You sure are," I agreed, trying to consume coffee, toast, and oranges all at once.

"Don't go all country girl on me. I detest simplicity. Eat up, we have a lot to do after breakfast."

It felt as if a switch had been turned off in my head just then. I paused to swallow a bite of toast. "No," I said.

"No? What..."

"I love you, Twylla," I said. "You know that. But bondage, slavery... they're not for me. I was willing to give it a try. More than willing, for you. But..." I shrugged.

"My, how much you've grown, over the weekend," she said scathingly.

"I have learned a lot," I replied simply.

She turned serious. "I hate it, but you're probably right," she admitted. "I would have gotten bored with you soon anyway, especially that sincere gaze of devoted adoration." She shuddered theatrically. "Then I would have hurt you." She looked uncharacteristically introspective.

"And I don't want to hurt you," she murmured. "To give you equal parts pain, pleasure, and humiliation, yes, but... But then, you don't humiliate worth a damn, do you? You get embarrassed. You blush. Then you lick the cum off my boots with a smile and that little-girl pride, damn you—untarnished."

She looked me in the eyes. I did adore her. But I was nobody's slave. She grimaced. "Finish your coffee and go, damn it. Get the fuck out." She walked to the door quickly. "I'll call you a cab. Be dressed when it gets here."

"Twylla..."

"Shut it. Shut that delicious hole and get out. We're done." And she walked out the bedroom door, closing it carefully behind her.

My dorm room was empty when I got back. There was a long note from Lonni and a letter from my parents. I started with the note from Lonni.

Have you ever suddenly realized how totally self-centered you've been, and wondered how anyone has put up with you? It sure came home to me that day. I'd been so concerned about my sexual identity—was I a lesbian, was I hetero, was I a submissive—and I'd taken Lonni's pretty girlish tits and slim, rigid cock for granted, a pass that let me have both a girlfriend to cuddle with and a dick to suck, without having to decide. Never thinking about what Lonni might want.

Lonni wanted to feel like a woman. That's why she was a she-male. That's why she shaved her legs, wore makeup, dressed in lace. Why she had worked so hard to have soft girlish tits—hormones and probably a little enhancing surgery she didn't talk about. It was why she had left home, left everyone who knew her as Leonard behind. To become a woman. Yesterday morning she had fucked me up the ass as part of an all-girl three-way. It had left her feeling like a weird cross between a guy and a lesbian, not like a traditional woman at all. And that's what she longed to be.

Her note said she'd met someone the night before—a man, who had fucked her and made her feel like a woman. He'd fucked her in the ass as well as the mouth. Cum in both, sucked her tits, and never said a word about her cock. And then when she fucked my ass, something clicked. She'd tried to tell me, but somehow there'd never been a chance. She was serious about him. She thought maybe it was the real deal. She'd told him about me, and he was willing to try a relationship with the two of us, if I was willing too.

I thought about it. Who was this guy? Whoever he was, he liked Lonni, and made her feel special. And I could try sharing Lonni with him, not just lose her. And he was a man. Therefore he had a dick. 

I liked dicks. 

What the hell, I thought. I'd been with Lonni and another woman, why not Lonni and another man?

A man, I corrected myself. Lonni was a woman now. Like me. If I was doing this, it would be as a second girl to sweeten her man's bed. Hmm.

Yeah, I decided. I was okay with that. I'd try it anyway. What kind of cum slut would I be if I didn't? There was an address at the bottom of the note. It would take me an hour, but I could walk it. Maybe the air would clear my head. I texted Lonni to say I was on my way.

I stopped for lunch on the way, and Lonni was cleaning up from hers and Jeff's when I arrived, so the timing was good. Jeff introduced himself and we shook hands. He was callused, had the hands of a working man. He wore a western shirt, jeans, worn cowboy boots, and had a little stubble on his cheeks and chin. Man, oh M-A-N. He put his arm around Lonni, and she leaned into him

"I reckon I love this gal." he said without preamble. "She's a good woman. God only provided her with two holes, instead of the usual three, but I can't hold that against her. I can only use one at a time anyway. Besides, her ass is sweet as butter, and a nicer mouth never took my seed with a smile. 

"Still, a man likes a little variety. Lonni says you two are... close friends and you might provide a man with some genuine pussy, should you feel so inclined, in return for a couple's companionship. That about right?"

It was unvarnished, maybe even crude, but it did sum things up. So. Sunday afternoon with friends. What to do?

Jeff gestured with an open hand toward the bedroom door. "Ladies? After you."

Lonni and I perched side by side on the edge of the bed. Jeff sat in an easy chair facing us and took his boots off. "Don't be shy. You two know each other pretty good, I hear. Go ahead and get cozy. Say, darlin', why don't you show me what your friend brought us?"

Lonni smiled a little nervously and began to unbutton my blouse. It felt weird to have Lonni undressing me while Jeff watched, but it was also sort of a turn-on. I had been invited over to fuck, after all. Might as well get to it. 

I undid Lonni while she undid me, and in a few moments our pretty tits were swaying in the cool air. Lonni caressed my breast and gently pinched my nipple erect. I gasped a little. It felt so good. I felt a stirring in my cunt. I cupped her breast and returned the favor, but her nipples were already hard. This was definitely turning Lonni on.

"Mmm. I sure like the way that looks. Darlin', whyn't you lay on your back like? Yeah. An' you, miss Cindy, on top, but both of you sorta facing me, so I can enjoy the sights? Oh, yes, would you rub those pretty little titties on each other? That is so nice..."

Our tits brushed together, and it was nice. More than nice. Erotic. Her nipples rubbed against mine and we both shivered.

Jeff pulled his long, meaty cock from his jeans. Thick blue veins stood out against the pink shaft. The head of his prick was dark red, shading toward purple. I couldn't take my eyes off it. My mouth was watering, and I sucked Lonni's nipple into my mouth, a little harder than I meant to. She moaned a little. Her eyes were fixed on Jeff's gradually lengthening dick just like mine were.

Jeff began to stroke his cock leisurely, until it was thick and hard and standing tall. "Do you like to suck cock, Cindy? I know Lonni does."

I cleared my throat. "Yeah, I do." I husked. I wanted that cock in my mouth so bad.

"Why don't you two come on over here and taste the head of it then? I reckon there's enough to share."

Lonni's eyes met mine and sparkled. We practically dove for it. I let Lonni go first. She took that big red cock head into her mouth and sucked. Her cheeks puckered in and she got a look of absolute bliss on her face. Then she swirled her tongue around the rim, wrapped her hand around the base of his shaft, popped it loudly out of her mouth, and aimed it at me. "Want some?" She asked teasingly.

I was too hungry to taste that big cock to even answer. I bent my head over it, opened wide, and lowered my mouth, inch by aching inch, until the head and half of the shaft was inside me. Then I wrapped my lips around it and sucked it the rest of the way down, not stopping until his thick rod was stuffing my throat too full to even breathe. I pushed further, gagging a little, until my lips were pressed against Lonni's hand and the tip of my tongue touched his balls. It felt so good, so hot, so hard beneath the velvet surface. His musky taste was overwhelming, and something inside of me craved it.

Swinging my head in a slow circle, I gradually corkscrewed his long, turgid cock all the way back out of me, swirling my tongue around and around it. I gasped for breath as his tip swung free from my lips and swayed, trailing a thick string of deepthroat drool.

"Sweet Jesus," he exclaimed. "You two are the sweetest cocksuckers I ever seen, bar none. Damn, girls, do that again!"

He put one big callused hand behind my head and the other behind Lonni's, and alternately pulled our mouths down onto his monster cock, one after the other, sighing and groaning and thrusting his hips to feel it driving down our throats.

We just kept on mouth fucking him, harder and faster, Lonni focusing on tongue swirling his sensitive head, while I concentrated on deepthroating him and squeezing his balls. He began to swell in our mouths, getting even harder, his head was deep purple now.

"What do want, girls? You want me to cum or fuck you some first? I'm fuckin' close!"

He began to ooze oily, strong-tasting precum. It mixed with my saliva and my throat became so slippery that his cock was gliding from tip to base effortlessly.

"Cmm!" I mumbled around his thrusting shaft.

"Cum, baby" enthused Lonni. "Shoot that big hot load down Cindy's throat. Cum in her mouth!"

"Mm. Mmm-hmm. Cm n my mff!"

"Oh, Jesus! I'm gonna cummm. Oh! Ohh! Yesss!"

His balls tightened and his long rod pulsed, creamy wads of hot semen spurting from his swollen purple cock head into the back of my throat. I pulled back, and his cock continued to pulse and throb, gushing cum onto my tongue, filling my mouth. His cock sprung out of my mouth, fountaining smaller jets of semen onto our faces.

Lonni dove onto it, sucking the still engorged head into her own mouth, slurping on it, coaxing more of the milky fluid from his testicles. His still erect manhood continued to pulse, more slowly, as the last of his cum seeped out into Lonni's welcoming mouth.

Jeff stared at us, dumbstruck at the sight of our pretty faces, side by side, splattered with his cum, his cock still in Lonni's mouth, his sperm dripping out of mine. I knew what he hoped would come next. I wanted it too. So did Lonni.

Our lips met around his large, softening cock, cum spilling from mouth to mouth as we sucked it from each other's tongues, licked it from each other's cheeks and chins, slurped it off the shaft of his dick, swallowing loads of thick, warm jism. We passed the last mouthful back and forth, feeling Jeff's penis stiffening again as he watched.

I sucked the last few drops from Lonni's mouth and swallowed contentedly. God, this was fun! And Lonni and I hadn't even cum yet. 

"Damn, girls! You know how to please a man. You're one hell of a woman, Lonni, to bring your man a fine girl like this." He stroked Lonni's cheek gently with the back of his hand. Lonni glowed. She was really buying what Jeff was selling.

"I plan to give you both a good fucking, in every hole you want. I'm good for another shot tonight, I reckon. Take me just a few minutes to get hard again, I can already feel that ole viagra workin', though.

"Tell you what, you girls do what you do while I stroke old Willie here hard again. Your pardon, miss Cindy, but I ain't much at eating pussy, much as I like to fuck it. That's more Lonni's department. So if you need that, I'm sure Lonni will oblige you, wontcha darlin?

"Ahem. I'm afraid I don't have much to do with Lonni's... other parts, either, so if you want to, I don't mind a bit. My job is to fill Lonni's mouth and her sweet ass, pet her tits and make her feel like a woman should. Her woman parts are good enough for me, but that's all the further I'm prepared to go.

"Lonni, darlin, whyn't you get this nice girl's pussy all wet and ready for your man to plow?"

As much as I enjoyed this guy's dick, I was tempted to tell him to go fuck himself. He wasn't good enough for me, let alone for Lonni. She deserved better. But I couldn't give her what she needed, and she seemed to think he could. She gave me a pleading look. Well, fuck, I couldn't give Lonni the cock she wanted inside her, but I guess I could loan her my pussy if she asked, and... she was asking.

I shrugged out of my jeans and panties, spread my labia for Jeff's viewing pleasure, and invited Lonni to climb aboard. I didn't think much of Jeff, but I liked knowing a dick was getting stiff looking at me. I like being desired, and I had just discovered that I liked showing off. Who knew?

Lonni's sweet girlish body mounted mine for the hundredth, and possibly last time. I would fuck Jeff, for Lonni's sake, but I didn't see myself playing house with them for more than a night. But Lonni's tongue was sweet, and skilled, and knew my girl parts better than anyone. She made me wet, then made me squirm, and finally, thrusting her slender she-male cock down my throat, and her finger up my ass, she brought me off with the tip of her tongue. I shuddered, cried out, and came. 

The patter of rain began on the roof as a storm suddenly broke. I felt sure that Lonni and I had made it rain. The windows brightened, the lamps dimmed, there was thunder. It felt like the essence of sharing an orgasm with Lonni. We were sharing mine now. I still longed to share hers.

But not yet. Jeff was telling Lonni to make his cock wet with her mouth, to make it hard, so he could plow him some Cindy pussy.

Lonni had done her job on me. I was wet, post orgasmic, and yearning to be fucked. I wanted Lonni's slim, girlish cock, but instead I got Jeff's monster cock head rubbing itself on the entrance of my tight, girlish slit, and, god help me, I wanted that giant cock to fuck me, to plow me, to make every sad thing go away and leave me helpless and consumed.

My fingers flew in familiar patterns over my clit as this strange, huge cock stretched my cunt in new and interesting ways. God, how he fucked me. Deep, wide, and long. He drove that massive prod into my delicate quím, and my cunt stretched elastically, squeezing his head and shaft, my hips meeting his, thrust for thrust, my hundred pounds of lithe girl flesh wrapping his two hundred pounds of hard, working-man muscle like paper wrapping rock. I took all the cock he could give me, and wanted more. 

I felt him tremble, felt his cock get slippery inside me with his precum, sensed Lonni's sudden concern, realized she would be hurt if he came in my vagina when she didn't have one to give him, and twisted my hip to avert his next thrust. His ponderous meat torpedo ran up my slit with all his weight behind it, knocking my fingers aside, sliding over my clit, along my pubic arch, and into Lonni's waiting mouth, making a diving catch like a seabird or a shortstop and snatching the prize.

I thought it might end there, with that big cock safe at home in Lonni's mouth, but guess I'd mixed a few too many metaphors, because it didn't explode on Lonni's tongue or down her throat. It bobbed there, frustrated. "I've had mouth," Jeff complained. "I need ass to finish. I need to plow until I come."

I slid out from under Lonni. "Sorry, big guy. You win. Too much for me. I'm fucked out. Sorry," I said again.

"Lonni?" He pleaded. "Daddy needs to plow."

Lonni turned, offering her pretty ass. "Come to Lonni, daddy. Plow my ass. Split me open. Cum all up in me. Give it to me."

Jeff didn't bother getting Lonni wet. He spat on his palm, rubbed it on his cock head, and slammed that massive prick up little Lonni's ass. It had to hurt to have that swollen dick head jam open her anal sphincter like that, again and again, pounding her ass like a pile driver. I remembered how full my ass was with Lonni 's gracile cock inside it, barely moving. This behemoth was reaming her forcefully.

But Lonni wanted to satisfy her man, to be his woman in every way. She grunted as he filled her and stretched her painfully, but thrust back against him, meeting his every stroke. "Fuck me, daddy! Harder! Fuck my ass! Plow me!" She cried. "Fuck my sweet woman's ass! Pound me! Cum, daddy. Cum up my tight little asshole."

Jeff groaned, sweating, and began fucking Lonni's ass furiously, faster and faster, desperate to make himself cum, to release himself from his viagra-induced boner, needing to plow Lonni.

Amazingly, I saw Lonni's own cock stiffen as Jeff's huge member slammed her up the ass. I waited for Jeff to reach around and milk Lonni's cock the way Lonni's ass muscles were milking his. But he didn't. 

He wouldn't, I realized.

This was a job for Cindy-Girl, cum slut of the downtrodden!

One thing I knew how to do. If Lonni was in for a prolonged, painful, butt-fucking, and determined to go through with it, I was going to give her the best blowjob of her life.

It's what friends do. I think. 

Anyway, it's what a cum-slut does. And that's me.

I squatted under Lonni and rooted for her cock with my mouth. I found it and started sucking. It was so fucking good to feel her familiar cock sliding down my loving throat. I felt Lonni start to relax and let go. I didn't have do much, really. Every pounding thrust into her ass drove her deeper into my mouth. Every time that cockhead pulled out of her ass, it milked Lonni's prostate, driving her closer to orgasm.

I loved Lonni and sucked her cock with all the passion in me, fingering myself to cum with her inside me. Jeff kept fucking Lonni's ass with a vengeance. I kept sucking to offer her solace. I lost myself in the rhythm of Jeff fucking Lonni's ass, Lonni's cock being pounded into my mouth, and my busy fingers trying to make it all come out right.
