 Frankie and I had been talking about spicing up our love life. We are always looking for new ways to bring us closer to one another. Some of his ideas were not really something I was comfortable with, but I thought I wouldn't know if I liked it unless we tried it.

He had an idea about a couple of friends of ours. I had thought maybe it would put a damper on our friendship, but Frankie did not seem to think so. He told me how hot it would make him to see me with another man, but wanted to be in the picture. I told him how I had secret fantasies about seeing him with another woman. 

Last Friday night Frankie made all our fantasies a reality. He invited Carl and his wife Kerry over for dinner and to watch a movie with us. I told him I could pick up the movie on my way home, but he said no he already gotten the movie. 

I hurried home and fixed dinner knowing they would be over by six. While cooking, Frankie came up behind me and caressed my ass whispering in my ear "I bought you something honey." I smiled leaning back into him. "Oh did you really, where is it?"

"Upstairs on the bed, why don't you go look." I ran to the bedroom seeing a very sexy outfit lying on the bed. I yelled down to him, "Honey this is great, but I don't have a bra to wear with it," he replied, "Then don't wear one baby." I shrugged and put on the sheer halter and red spandex mini. 

Admiring myself in the mirror thinking not badly for a 35-year-old woman. Giggling I went down to hug my husband for his thoughtfulness. He ran his hand up the inside my thigh his thumb sliding across my exposed slit. "Yes my love, and you have pleased me. Now I can look at that beautiful pussy of yours all night," I smiled and went back to setting the table, as our guests would be here soon.

The dinner went great as it always does when our friends come over. Kerry helped me clean up, as she helped wash dishes we teased around like little schoolgirls throwing water at each other. This time I turned the rinsing hose on soaking her shirt. We went to my bedroom to get her a clean blouse and I apologized watching her every move. What a gorgeous set of tits she had, so perky and firm like ripe melons. I guessed that she was about a 38 DDD, mine were a 36 D and you could tell the difference between us. 

I fought the urge to want to touch them to see if they were real. She smiled sweetly as if knowing and walked toward me. Kerry took my hand and placed it on her exposed nipple that I absent-mindedly rolled between my fingers. So soft, so hard and hot. Snapping myself out of this trance I said "Come on sis they are waiting for us downstairs."

From the doorway I hear my husbands voice, "Actually honey, we came up to see what was taking so long. I am glad we did." Frankie and Carl were standing there staring, both smiling from ear to ear. "You see honey, and both Kerry and Carl have been wanting to see just how hot you really are."

We had all been drinking during dinner leading way to a little sexual innuendo here and there. The more I drank the less inhibited I get and my husband knew this. "Go ahead, touch her again," Carl urged. I decided what the hell and continued my exploration of my friend's tits. 

The men sat on the bed and watched as I slowly took her hard nipple in my mouth and suckled her sweetly. I never felt the softness of a woman before, such an erotic feeling. My other hand traveling her stomach and back to play with the other forgotten nipple. I gently nibbled one then the other and heard Kerry moan. 

She reached down untying my halter freeing my breasts, which felt on fire. Her cool hands touched my erect nipples and I felt my pussy contract allowing myself to linger in this fantastic woman-worship touch. I am not sure if it was the alcohol that allowed me to explore her body or the simple fact of hidden desires and curiosity.

Knowing that our husbands were watching excited me even more. I glanced over and seen Carl and Frankie both nude stroking their hard cocks. "That's it Brenda, now touch her sweet cunt." I needed no more prompting and my fingers trailed down her belly to feel her wetness. Teasing her I played with her twat lips gently slowly opening the folds like a flower to find her sensitive clit. She jutted her hips forward urging me to caress it, but I refused I enjoyed torturing her. 

Kerry smiled at me and said "You little bitch you are enjoying this too, fucking much. Please touch my clit." I smiled and shook my head no. She began to beg me, "Please, please, Oh God how I need you to touch me."

"What a hot little slut you are. I suppose you would really enjoy if I sucked your cunt till you came wouldn't you?" From the background I heard Carl say "Why don't you hot bodies come over here so we can get a close up?" We wasted no time in undressing and lying on the bed. One man on each side watching intently as the scene unfolded in front of them. You could see the passion in their eyes. Anxious to see more by the way they were stroking their cocks both in rhythm with one another. The entire bed was alight with fire. 

Kerry decided it was her turn to torture me. Her hands and mouth where all over my body, so soft and sensuous. Her lips nibbled and suckled my breasts; she slightly blew on my nipples after she suckled sending thousands of tingling sensations to my pussy. I could not believe I was enjoying this so much especially with a woman. She knew just what to touch and where. 

Her tits hung in my face and greedily I began suckling hers. She had the biggest and darkest nipples I have ever seen. Soon the moaning was loud in the room. All four of us groaning made it even more erotic. I looked at Frankie who was looking at Kerry's bent ass, and I was sure he saw her inviting pussy staring back at him. Making me moisten even more. Carl could barely speak watching us, but managed to say, "Why don't you two get in a sixty-nine so we can see everything?" 

I asked Carl if he liked what he was watching. Dumbly nodded with his face flushing, small beads of sweat on his forehead and he looked over at Frankie's hot rod standing at attention as he gawked at Carl's wife. 

We both were enjoying teasing each other, and our husbands. I had secretly always wanted to fuck Carl, and he has such a thick cock. Frankie had a big cock but not as thick as Carl. I soon felt fingers and a hot mouth on my twat knowing Kerry was going to work on my dripping pussy. "Oh God Kerry, you sure do know how to eat a pussy." I heard her giggle slightly and say, "I never tasted one this sweet before." 

I smiled to myself and opened her cunt staring at it, touching the smooth-shaven snatch. I am sure she appreciated my smooth-shaven pussy too. Licking up and down her slit and around her clit. Teasing was my game and I enjoyed savoring the feel against my tongue. Up and down again I licked and dipped my tongue in her hole. I felt her pussy contract against my tongue and her hips began to move trying to fuck my face. Teasing her more, as she began teasing me in the same fashion. I slowly slid two fingers in her tight cunt and attached my mouth to her clit. 

"That's it my little cunt licker suck your sister's clit till she comes." Oh God Brenda, YES don't stop." I had always wanted to see if I could make a woman come, hell now I knew I could even make one beg for it. I started grinding my twat into her face as she licked and sucked the closer I came to Coming the harder I pushed my pussy up to meet her eager mouth. 

I could tell Kerry was ready to come, she was tensing, her thighs were quivering and I took out my fingers from her hot juicy twat and lube her tiny little ass hole. This seemed to make her more excited than before bucking wildly now and I wasn't doing too bad a job and felt my orgasms rise. 

Both of us on the verge of hitting our peaks as I screamed "That's so fucking good I am going to come in your mouth. Tongue fuck me hard!" Kerry screamed out that she was coming and I rammed a finger in her ass, keeping a tight lip lock sucking her clit and my thumb was banging her little twat when she started gushing. Pure instinct made me suck her dry and such a sweet taste as she sucked me dry. 

Both of us spent collapsed on top of each other. Stroking legs and thighs as our husbands jacked off shooting their jism all over us. "Damn you girls are hot." Frankie said. Stroking Kerry with me as Carl began to massage my tits. 
We untangled and all of us had another drink, lying there naked touching whoever was closest. There were hands everywhere touching caressing. Frankie looked at Carl and said, "You got a hot wife." Carl returned with a grin, "I was just thinking the same thing about your wife Frankie." Kerry and I looked at each other grinning ear to ear and knew the night had only just begun.



Setting our drink's aside we began to explore one another on the bed. My hand running up and down my friend's husband's thigh. He was so firm everywhere and notices his cock beginning to rise. Frankie had already started on Kerry running his hand on the inside her thigh and across her freshly eaten cunt. "How did you like watching Brenda eat my pussy Frankie?" 

Kerry giggled as she asked. "Pretty fucking good, or did you miss me shooting my load all over your ass?" then he slightly slapped her ass. I smiled and excused myself for a few minutes to get some more ice. I decided not to dress as everyone had seen me naked already.

"Hurry back." Carl yelled after me as I swayed out of the room feeling his eyes burning into my flesh. Knowing he was watching made me sway a bit more, and I felt my pussy begin to tingle. God how I hope I get to fuck him, he has such a beautiful cock. 

Upon returning to the room I stopped in the doorway to watch. Knowing if I left them all for more than ten minutes they would be doing something. Smiling I watched as Kerry lay with her legs spread wide and my husbands magic fingers massaging her open cunt. He enjoys playing and talking about what he is doing. 

Carl was not idle either, and he was stroking his cock watching his wife being pleasured. But I noticed Frankie was also watching Carl stroke his massive rod up and down. The all too familiar twitching of Frankie's cock when aroused amused me and put a new spin on where I wanted to go with this little swap. 

"There you are. Glad you made it back. " Carl said smiling widely. "Hey babies. I would not miss this for the world," with an evil grin and a wink. Kerry was already moaning on the bed rising up to meet Frankie's hand. "That's it my little fuck slut ride my hand and feel your pleasure rise. Tell me what you want," he cooed to her. "I want you to make me come" she said breathlessly. 

"I say let's torture her pleasure for a bit." Laying on the bed next to Kerry I whispered in her ear how I wanted to see Frankie suck Carl's cock loudly, and she said, "Ohhhh yes what a wonderful thought." We knew this was going to be tricky, because both were straight as arrow, but I had seen Carl and Frankie watching each other when jacking off. There had to be some attraction there, and we were going to find out how much.

"Carl do you want to fuck my pussy?" as I lay there spread eagle next to his wife opening the folds of my lips to expose my dripping cunt and swollen clit. "Brenda, you know I want to pound that tight hot hole with all I have." All the while stroking his cock. Kerry asked Frankie the same and his reply was "Hell yes." 

"Ok, we will let you but first you have to follow our instructions." They looked a little puzzled but both agreed without too much thought. With both Kerry and me lying open and exposed we began masturbating, and moaning. "Frankie, look at Carl's thick cock, isn't it beautiful?" I asked seeing if I could get a rise out of him. "Yeah, I noticed how thick he was and wondered if you could suck his cock all the way like you do mine." 

Kerry asked Carl the same; he replied, "Man, he got one long hard rod. I watched him earlier as that vein started throbbing when you were moaning while Brenda was eating your tight snatch." This excited both of us knowing our husbands had been eyeing each other's cock while we were licking and sucking one another. Now it is their turn we want to watch them lick and suck each other and slowly trying to get to that point. It looked as if we were going to have to coach them. 

"Frankie's I want you to taste my twat" Kerry said with a smile. He grinned and went in for the dive. "No, not like that. I want you to taste me off Carl's cock." We waited and Frankie nodded in agreement. Carl took his cue, and Frankie knew what was coming for Carl too so he came to me. Both of our husbands dipped their cock in our drenched cunts until there were glistening with sweet pussy juice. 

"Now taste us off each other." I smiled and encouraged my husband, who looked as if he needed not too much encouragement at all. He stopped and said, "If we are going to do this, the two of you cannot touch each other. You have to sit and masturbate like we did, but do not let you come, understood?" We nodded in agreement. 

I had thought Frankie would go first, but Carl was none to shy. They lay side by side in a 69 position while we were on our knees rubbing the hell out of our clits. Carl grabbed my husbands throbbing meat in his hand and licked the tip and down the shaft. Frankie moaned and went for the gusto taking Carl in his hot mouth and closing his eyes. 

"That's it, make love to your beautiful cock, suck them like you want yours sucked. Show us how to please you." With that Carl moaned loudly as Frankie's lips took him slowly, deeply almost to his aching balls. Both of their heads bobbing up and down on each other's cock was nearly my undoing. I needed to come, but promised I wouldn't so I slowed my clit rubbing. 

The air was full of sexual excitement, as they loved the beautiful cock. Frankie's mouth stretched wide taking Carl with such ease. Carl was deep throating Frankie much like I do maybe even better the way he was moaning and bucking up to fuck Carl's face. 

"What good cock suckers you both are. Doesn't the feel of that hot throbbing meat in your mouth make you feel powerful?" Both men were moaning and groaning so loudly that I am sure they did not hear us. They were not paying attention as I reached over and dipped into Kerry's love box to see if she was as wet as I was. She did the same sucking our fingers afterward knowing our men had just become as close as two friends could be. 

Their rhythm became faster and deeper, my God watching them both take all that cock was exciting plus striking an envy button in me. I wanted so badly to feel Carl's thick fucking cock in my hot pussy. I was nearly about to come just watching them suck their way to orgasm. 

I watched as Carl buried his face deep into my husband's crotch massaging his now tensing balls knowing he was about to come any second. Carl was close to blowing his load too. Kerry looked at me and I knew we were thinking the same thing. Will they swallow each other's come or would they pull out?

Just when I thought I had seen it all Frankie shoved one of his big fingers up Carl's ass, in turn Carl did the same thing. Both exploded with such fierce passion that the bed rocked back and forth. Both groaning and moaning, yes, they were swallowing their come like good little cock suckers I knew they could be. 

When they finished, I went to Frankie and Kerry to Carl. Passionately we kissed our respective husbands for fulfilling our fantasy of watching them, and to savor the come of the next man we planned to have buried deep inside our aching cunts after watching them.

"Did you like tasting the come of a man?" the question was to both men. They looked at each other and smiled. Carl grinned wider and finally spoke, "I guess now you girls are just going to have to wonder what it is we do on those long fishing trip weekends." Kerry and I giggled, "If you remember to always swallow I am ok with it. How about you Kerry?"

Kerry waited for a moment and spoke slowly, "Well, I suppose then you two will wonder what we are up to while you are on those long fishing trip weekends. We may want to do a little fish or two here." With this, her husband grabbed her firmly and kissed her deeply. We all got a good laugh out of it. Kerry jumped up saying it was her turn to refresh the drinks and would be back in a minute. I noticed her swaying a little more than usual, thinking to myself she does have a nice ass. No wonder my husband wants to take it for a test drive. I am sure that is exactly what he will do once her cute little snatch returns.



While Kerry was gone, both men looked at each other as their hand both went to my wet pussy. Oh God two hands are much better than one. Carl had his finger deep inside my aching cunt. Frankie was playing with my still swollen clit. " I think we should cool you down a bit my little slut kitten," he smiled while taking a piece of ice to each of my nipples and sliding it down my stomach slowly. I moaned at the feel of the melting ice on my hot skin. Traveling further he rubbed it on my clit causing me to yelp. 

Carl ran his finger up and down my slit now, then back to my ass. "You know what would make me really hot Brenda?" he breathed in my ear. 
" No, what is that Carl?" his face was hot with excitement. "You taking both of us at once so I can feel Frankie's cock massaging mine thru the walls of your tight hot cunt." I was so heady with the alcohol and the excitement of what it would feel like to have two hard throbbing cocks pumping in and out of me at once that I agreed swiftly. 

Frankie was so into all this fucking and sucking he took action needing no prompting at all. I straddled my husband taking his already throbbing member into my awaiting pussy. He groaned loudly, grabbing my hips and thrusting deep inside me. "You love when I do that don't you slut?" 

"Yes, I love when you treat me like your whore," as I began to ride him. Carl was behind me pushing me down so my ass was in the air with one cock buried in my pussy. He stroked Frankie while he was thrusting in and out of my box using my pussy juice to lube my ass. Feeling one finger sliding in my tight rosebud ass hole, then another stretching me wider. By the time he inserted a third it was nearly more than I could stand. Frankie said gruffly "Bitch don't you dare come until we have what we want." I nodded knowing I had to hold off. Carl rubbed his cock against Frankie's cock gaining more juice that was now flowing down my husband's thighs. Then to my delight I felt Carl's tongue lick both of our fuck organs. 

Without another word I felt the head of Carl's monster meat push against my ass hole. My God he is huge, and with one swift hard thrust he buried his massive cock all the way to his balls in my ass. I attempted to yell out, but Frankie stuck two fingers in my mouth and told me to suck them. " Now all your holes are filled my come slut and you love it don't you?" I groaned yes and felt them move in time with each other. 

I am not sure if it was my tight pussy and ass that excited them or the fact they could feel each other's cocks while fucking me. I felt Carl's balls hitting against Frankie's balls and knew this excited them both. Out of the blue Carl said, "Frankie I wish I had taken your hairy ass too, you are a little tighter than hers is." 

Kerry returned to the site of the two men fucking the shit out of me and pouted. Sitting on the bed next to us my husband began to massage her little clitty until she whined. That is when he shoved two fingers deep in her twat scooping out her love liquid. He put his pussy-drenched fingers in my mouth and told me to lick them clean. I did it eagerly, knowing how sweet Kerry's pussy is. 

