 = = = = = = = = = = 

Chapter 15 — John

= = = = = = = = = = 

Hi. Cindy's been too busy to update her Confessions lately, so she asked me to catch you up. I'm John, by the way—I'm Cindy's agent, among other things. Cindy's an amazing young woman. She's also a horny, cum-swallowing, cocksucker—among her other fine qualities, as I'm sure she'd be the first to tell you.

That's how I first met Cindy in fact: I pushed my cock through a hole in the wall of a darkened video booth, and she was a warm, wet mouth on the other side. 

And what a mouth! In spite of her limited experience at the time, the way she sucked my dick was just incredible. She couldn't get much more than the head of my big prick into her little mouth yet, but how she tried! 

Her little tongue was busy licking the underside of my shaft, circling the rim of my helmet, pressing into the opening of my pee hole, doing everything her inventive mind could think of to pleasure my dick, to get me harder and more excited, and to suck out a mouthful of cum for her very own, to have and to hold in her mouth and to swallow.

I practically cum in my pants just thinking about it.

Speaking of which, Cindy says she'd like it, very much, if you touch yourself while you're reading her confessions, especially if you're by yourself or reading aloud to someone special. She likes it that people cum while they're fantasizing about her. It really turns her on.

But anyway, back to Cindy sucking on my dick: she was so passionate! It was obvious even through a booth wall how much she loved feeling a man's throbbing cock filling her mouth. I could feel her moans of pleasure slobbering around my erect member, feel her voice right through the skin of my cock head. It felt so fucking good...

Mind you, I'm not normally the kind of guy who just sticks his dick into a hole in the wall. I owned a chain of adult bookstores at the time, when it was still a money-making business. This particular day, I stopped into one of my stores to check on things. Tony, the guy behind the counter, was all hot and bothered, said this sweet little 18 year old girl was in the glory hole, hoping he'd bring her something to suck on while she masturbated, something that would feel like a cock cumming in her mouth!

We had closed the glory hole because the cops thought it was too public (l disagreed, but I didn't argue). But apparently Tony thought this girl was special enough to make an exception.

I told him go ahead, this once. I'd mind the counter. He came out not two minutes later, raving about what a hungry little cocksucker this girl was. I felt a little sorry for her, the guy had come so quick-how could the poor girl masturbate properly?

So I'm thinking I should do something to help, you know? And, to be honest the thought of a young girl on her knees in the dark, sucking on my cock while she's fingering herself, was getting me kind of hot, so I went into the booth next to hers and offered her my dick to suck. I expected I'd last at least long enough for a teenage girl to cum. It doesn't take that long, you know, they get so excited at that age.

So there I am, and like I said, she can't get much more than the head of my cock down her, but she sucks her way up and down the sides of my shaft, and licks and sucks on the head like it was fucking ice cream! Her mouth is actually watering, she likes it so much. This girl won't quit!

At the end, I can tell she's using both hands on herself, and she's just impaling her mouth on my schlong, thrusting her face at the wall, trying to force my cock all the way down her little throat. And every time she tries, she gets a little more of my manhood down her gullet. I can feel her gagging on me, and it feels so good, so hot...

She's so intent on getting me off, and so good at it, that I forget myself, and I shoot a hot load right into her mouth, bam! But you know what? She gets so turned on feeling me unload in her mouth, she cums too. No question. I could tell she was overflowing with my cum, but she just couldn't get enough! My knees were weak by the time she slurped the last drop out of my dick. 

Man, the feel of a young girl, just 18, cumming like that, with your dick in her mouth, practically screaming in orgasm while she's sucking the semen right out of your balls! There isn't anything else like it!

I didn't see her again for a while. I only stopped by the store every couple of weeks, so it was maybe six more weeks before she was there at the same time I was. But I thought about her. I don't mind telling you, I came in my hand a couple times, just remembering that sweet young cocksucker. So when I found out she was back in the glory hole, I jumped the line to let her suck me off again.

My dick was was so hard, right from the start this time, remembering and anticipating the feel of her inexperienced but hot, passionate mouth. Boy was I in for a surprise. She'd been practicing! She was just as enthusiastic, but a lot more experienced. This time she gave me the best blowjob I'd ever had in my life!

It was like she remembered me-her mouth was so welcoming. First thing, she took the whole length of my big cock all the way down her throat. Not many girls can do that! And she took such pleasure in it. She couldn't breathe with my dick filling her throat that way, but she stayed down on me as long as she could, probably until she was dizzy, swallowing and swallowing, to grab my head and shaft with her throat muscles, just so she could feel my pleasure through her mouth.

She just kept coming up for air, then going all the way down on me again. Her throat got super slippery with that special deep throat saliva, and I slid into her throat like a greased pole. She never stopped twirling her tongue around me either, until my balls tightened and I couldn't hold back. I came down her gullet like a fire hose, my balls throbbing with every jet of hot sperm. I could feel long ropes of cum pumping through the whole length of my cock, forcing their way out of my slit, pulsing into her. I could hear her choking on it, but she kept on sucking and sucking, wanting more.

I came so hard I literally fell over backward. It felt so good I laughed out loud. I could hear her laughing too, and licking the cum from around her mouth. I've re-lived that moment so many times, remembering her velvet mouth and the slippery tightness of her throat, her hunger for my cum...

So that's how we met. Or at least that's how my cock and her mouth met.

Not long after, I had to close the shop. The vice squad busted some poor schmuck for beating off to a video in a booth that wasn't locked, and I closed the store rather than have to deal with the "public nuisance" crap. The neighborhood was gentrifying anyway, and I ended up selling the lease to a patisserie for a nice piece of change. I never expected to feel that girl's mouth again, but I thought about it, let me tell you.

Then, maybe eight, nine months later, I'm in another city, visiting another marginal store, when I see this sweet young girl, looks maybe fifteen, but sexy even so, you know? Fucking mouth watering, but off limits. I look at the guy behind the counter, pretty pissed off that he'd let an underage kid inside, and he flashes his hand, holding up fingers: five, five, five, three. He's saying the kid's eighteen, he crosses his heart. Well, shit.

So I look again, and she's sizing me up like a piece of juicy steak, and I think 'Whoa! This is no underage kid! She's fucking hot to trot!' But I check her ID anyway. Sure enough, she's legal.

So I chat her up and offer her a ride home. She makes me swear to her I'm not a rapist first, but then she says okay, and off we go. On the way, I pull off at an overview-to 'look at the lights', you know?-and while we're sitting there, I offer her fifty bucks to give me head, just curious what she'll say. I mean, why not ask?

She turns me down, which doesn't surprise me too much, only she says she'd actually like to, but not for fifty bucks; it would make her feel cheap. So okay, I offer her a hundred, and she says you know what, forget it, keep your money; I just wanna suck your cock.

Unbelievable! She pulls out my dick, takes one look at it, says "Oh, it's you!" And boom! She sucks me all the way in-I mean ALL the way in-and starts to swallow. And I know this mouth! I've cum, thinking about this throat! 

This time it's even better than before. She uses her lips, all pouty, to excite my dick on the way in. I can still feel my head pushing through those lips. Then she goes all the way down, letting me penetrate deep, sliding down that throat, then she fucking swallows on me and swirls her tongue around me. And she keeps me at the back of her throat , swallowing and swirling, driving me fucking crazy, until she's dizzy for breath, then she squeezes me, tight, with her hand on my cock, as she pulls me back out, twisting her wrist on the back of my cock head and sucking off strings of slobber. I can't fucking believe it. I'm getting the cocksucking of my life!

She slows down and speeds up, making it last, enjoying it, while she fingers herself. I lend a hand, and for a while I'm in fucking heaven. Then, just when I think it can't get any better, she cums, her twat gripping my fingers and her throat gripping my whole dick. And she looks up at me, looks me in the eyes while it's happening... and that fucking does it. I shoot a huge load into her, I mean my balls are fucking emptying themselves into this young woman's throat like I'm never gonna cum again. I can't stop shooting.

And she can't get enough. It's coming out her nose, and she keeps sucking and swallowing like it's the first, best thing she's ever eaten. And the whole time she's cumming: her cunt is spasming on my hand, and she's looking me in the eyes.

And then there's these aftershocks, you know? It's like we can't stop cumming...

It takes a while to catch our breaths. When we finally do she introduces herself, all genteel and ladylike. I learn her name is Cindy and she's a freshman at the U. I tell her I'm John and I ask can I see her again. She says she's not sure she'll be around, she's hit a rough patch financially and may have to drop out. 

But she doesn't ask me for a fucking dime. Nada. Just asks can she please suck my dick again? I'm no teenager anymore, so it takes a while for me to cum again, but that suits her to a fucking 'T'. She just likes to suck cock. Well, okay, she likes the whole process, but she WANTS that mouthful of cum at the end. She works hard for it, and holds it in her mouth, savoring it, before she swallows a little of my second load. I'm fucking shaking, I feel so good.

She can see the effect she's having on me, and she blows a little cum bubble, winks, licks her lips, and swallows again, laughing.

So now I'm thinking, I've gotta see this woman again. I wanna fuck her so bad it almost hurts, only just wanting her feels so fucking good it's like a thing in itself. It's still early when I drop her off, so I leave a check with her dorm manager to cover the semester. There's no way I'm gonna lose this girl again over a couple thousand bucks.

And I offer her a job as a hostess for the business parties I host, so she can afford to stay in school. She agrees to come to one and see how it goes.

Now I used to throw these parties about every six weeks, so it's a little over a month later when I call Cindy and invite her to come be my hostess, a thousand bucks for the night, no obligation to fuck anybody. This last is maybe a little white lie. This kind of party, it's difficult for a girl to say 'no' all night long without feeling awkward, she gets hit on so often.

Also, my nutsack gets tight every time I think about her. I'll still take 'no' for an answer, if that's the way it is, but I'm definitely planning to ask, as nicely, persuasively, and often as I can. I mean, I really want to feel the inside of this woman. My fingers felt her twat tightening around them, and my cock is begging to feel it too.

A thousand is about twice what I usually pay my hostess, but this is Cindy; she wants to stay in school, and I want to help, right?

A hostess at these things meets, greets, introduces, gathers up stray sheep and injects them back into the party. She flirts, and at some point she usually puts out, but it's supposed to feel given, not paid for. And it's her choice: who, when, even if.

I also pay two or three working girls a few hundred each, plus tips. And tips are usually good. Those girls are paid to say 'yes', unless somebody's being a total asshole. As long as the guys ask nice, they're expected to get invited in.

These are business parties. Porn business: a couple big retail owners owners with chains of stores or on-line sites; some print, video, and toy distributors, samples in hand, hoping for orders from the owners; a couple photographers and video producers, promoting their latest to the distributors; and a few girls from their studios—porn stars, the spice that makes the parties memorable—mainly promoting themselves. 

There are also maybe a dozen civilians, the sheep. They get to mingle with porn stars, view the distributors' wares, and get laid for the price of a nice tip, without needing a lot of luck or even charm. In other words, they get invited to a genuine, sexy-as-hell porn industry party. They can go home and tell their friends. They basically pay for the thing.

What makes it work is the no-host bar. Drinks are fifteen bucks, paid for with chips. Business people buy chips in advance, at a discount. Sheep pay face value, and gladly buy drinks for themselves, their friends, the girls, and the porn stars. Everybody gets something they want, nobody gets robbed, and I make a reasonable profit for putting it all together. Besides, it's fun. 

So anyway, I ask Cindy to play hostess, and she says "Okay. Can I bring a girlfriend?"

Well, sure, I say, if she dresses up nice, and, you know, doesn't mind being a little slutty.

Cindy just laughs.

Now, these aren't exactly formal parties, but the women dress up, except the porn stars, who may dress nice, but always dress naughty—real provocative, you know? The business guys and the sheep are generally in suits and ties. The creative types may sport a turtleneck or an arty t-shirt under a sport coat. It's casual but classy.

Cindy and her girlfriend Alex show up with coats on over what look like white prom dresses, and when the coats come off, they ARE prom dresses: strapless and backless. But the girls have altered them to be topless too, And not just topless: cut and folded to display and hold out their bare breasts. It's breath taking.

They're both young, 18 and 20. Alex's tits are medium-small but nicely shaped, and Cindy's are tiny but fucking perfect. These girls definitely don't need bras. And exposed to the air like they are, their nipples are really hard. Alex's are dark and ridged, Cindy's are long and pink, pointing up and out. They're both gorgeous.

Floating like that, on top of those white prom dresses, those tits look pure, almost virginal, you know? But so sexy they're beyond slutty, they're like fucking goddesses.

The few men who are already there are staring. Hell, most the women are staring. Cindy and Alex just smile, stand back to back, and turn as a pair, meeting everyone's eyes, smiling at everyone, inviting and welcoming the stares.

Male guests begin to arrive and the girls greet them European-formally, cooing and kissing both cheeks, but then guiding each man's face to their bosoms, to kiss each tit on both sides. One guy fumbles, going for a nipple. Alex giggles and holds it out to be sucked, then brings his hand up and uses his fingers to pinch her own nipple, making it stand up even harder. She sucks his fingertips, takes his coat and passes it to the coat girl, then turns to greet the next guest, just like that. Smooth.

Men are forming a fucking receiving line by the door now. Guys that had already arrived drift towards the door and eddy into the line to get greeted. You can even see guys who've already been greeted trying to decide whether to go around for a second helping. It's crazy. 

And then these two dark, beautiful porn stars arrive, both with flowing hair and stupendous tits: huge, firm, just succulent, you know? They get the same treatment, and they laugh. 

They're not used to letting a couple girls with smallish tits show them up though. They're here to be in the spotlight. So out pop those sweet giant titties, and they make themselves greeters too. Only pretty soon everyone's here, and all the guys still want the greeting, so all four girls start circulating, offering samples. 

Oh, man! And now the working girls are feeling ignored, so they pop out their boobs too, and now it's like a titty tasting party.

The porn stars start to get randy when their nipples get sucked, and so do the working girls. Cindy and Alex are egging them all on, and pretty soon it's karaoke night, only the girls are singing on their knees, and the microphones are dicks.

But Cindy and Alex still won't let up. They keep pushing. Off come the prom dresses and pretty soon Cindy is on top of Alex, and they're eating each other, but making eye contact around the room, smiling, putting on a show.

Cindy catches me staring with my mouth open, waves her sweet ass in the air, and glances back at it, like she's saying 'Hey John, here's something for You.'

I been dreaming about this, but it's already better than my dreams. In a second I'm standing behind her with my pants around my ankles, my hands on her hips, looking down at that sweet snatch. Only Alex has her nose buried in it. I get down on my knees and try to cut in. Alex looks up, smiles, and opens wide.

This isn't what I had in mind, but Jesus! I'm just hoping Cindy's okay with it. So I slide my dick into Alex's mouth and it's beautiful. I'm fucking her mouth a little, not pushing it, and she tilts her head back, reaches around, grabs my ass, and pulls me in deeper. Next thing I know, I'm hilt deep in this girls throat. She's gagging on me, but she won't let go of my ass, just holds me in there and sways her head back and forth. The feel of her throat bending around my shaft while she gags on my head is unbelievable.

Finally she guides me back out, gasping for breath, her face and my dick both covered in that slippery deep throat slime that feels so good. Alex smiles like she's done something to her satisfaction, takes my cock by the base, and guides me to the entrance of Cindy's slit. 

Cindy's nice and wet from Alex eating her. Hell, she's probably wet anyway, and now I'm slick from Alex's throat. I press the head of my dick against the entrance to Cindy's love tunnel, and I feel her lips part around my head, opening for me, and I feel the hot walls of her cunt squeezing me at last, and I want this moment to last forever, only I also want to fuck the living shit out of her, you know?

And Alex calls out to Cindy: "This is from me to you, lover." And she pulls on the base of my cock, urging me further into Cindy's sweet little hole. Oh my god, she's so tight and hot, so smooth and slippery, and I slide deeper and deeper into her, and I can feel her beautiful cunt wrapping around me, gripping me, and Alex gives my balls a little squeeze. And I don't hold anything back.

It's amazing. I'm fucking this girl I've wanted for so long, on her hands and knees, raunchy, on the carpet, and I'm filling her, stretching her, reaming her, sticking it in so deep, and it's so much better than I ever dreamed, and at the same time I'm making love to her, tenderly, feeling like my cock inside her is Alex's love gift, wet from her own throat.

I keep plunging into her. Pulling out because it feels so fucking good to go back in. Her hips corkscrew as she pushes back against me. I can't get enough. The feeling of her cunt walls flexing and sliding over my cock, it's the best feeling I've ever had. It's pure heaven. 
