 ==========

Epilogue

==========

Hi. Cindy the cum slut here. I know John told you the rest of my story, but he kind of skimped on the details after he described cumming up my ass in such loving detail. It WAS memorable, but I wanted to share one last confession with you: the experience of making my first porn movie, and how it opened the last hidden doors inside me.

It wasn't what I expected

Doing a porn video, I mean.

Which is kind of funny, considering I didn't know what to expect. I was still a freshman, with about a month to go in the school year, when I accepted an offer to work as a hostess for a business party—porn business. I went with my partner, Alex, to keep me company and to watch my back—I suspected there would be weasels in the crowd, and besides, I like it when Alex watches my back.

Alex and I are both grrrls, by the way, and both at least nominally bisexual-we're lesbians, at heart, though at the time Alex enjoyed cocks, too, and I was frankly addicted to cocksucking, loved being fucked (preferably as part of a three-way or four-way with Alex), and was developing a deep, unexpected need to be fucked in the ass sometimes.

In fact, I was right in the middle a four-way, on my hands and knees, getting deeply into my role as party hostess (eat your heart out, Dolly Madison!), with Alex underneath me, sucking madly on my clit, and my friend John's cock lodged deliciously in my asshole, when a porn video producer introduced himself to me, informally, by shooting a load of hot semen into my mouth.

I liked his cum, and I guess he liked the way I swallowed it, because when we all recovered from the chain reaction cumplosion that followed, he gave me his number and invited me and Alex to come to his studio for a "screen test."

Now me, I'm a natural-born cum slut—though that part of my nature HAS been given a lot of nurture; Alex, not so much. She's naturally quiet and self-possessed, a genuine thinker (me, not so much). Consequently, even though we both figured "screen test" probably meant getting fucked on camera for no money, I was enthused to go but Alex wasn't.

Fortunately, my friend John, who is not a weasel, but who IS part shark (on his mother's side, I think), stepped in and told this video guy that if I did a screen test, and the video went into circulation, he expected me to be paid top dollar for it, and that, as my agent, he would get a 20% cut-so the guy wouldn't just owe me, he would owe John.

I looked at Alex for guidance, and she indicated I should go along. She explained later that owing John money was Serious Shit, that 80% of what John would collect was worth way, way more than I would ever see if it was owed to me, and that she could tell John was sweet on me and wouldn't use me.

Well, you know, sexually he would, of course, but I was totally okay with that, right? I mean, we met on opposite sides of a glory hole, for fuck's sake-we LIKED using each other that way.

Anyway, this video guy owns Tanner Hyde Productions. Yeah, you know: the ones who do the "Mommy May I?" videos ('Yes, you may. Repeatedly. And Mommy will lick it up.').

If you haven't seen these, there's a hot MILF as Mommy, and a couple of young-looking co-stars, as boyfriend/girlfriend, who Mommy teaches about sex. 

Whose Mommy she is varies: the mom or stepmom of either the girl or the boy, depending which taboo they're breaking today, and how flagrantly. Anyway, the guy gets to have sex with either his girlfriend and her hot mom, or his own hot mom/stepmom and his girlfriend (or step-sister). Regardless, they all fuck, they all cum, the women end up with spunk on their faces, and they all live happily ever after. Roll credits.

The guys are pretty much interchangeable: a big dick representing the male viewer, as he sees himself. There are a few different MILFs, all big-titted hotties a little beyond their starlet years. And there's a constantly changing gaggle of "girls"-all trying to look younger than their actual 18 or 19 years, with varying degrees of success, assisted by pigtails, lollipops, and cheerleader or schoolgirl uniforms. 

I was a couple months away from being 19, but I looked closer to 15 or 16, so I was natural for the Girlfriend role (Itty-bitty titties rule! Sometimes, anyway.).

To save money, they did a production episode as part of the same shoot as my screen test. The director described the situation and the actors ad-libbed the dialogue-what there was of it, before the moaning and groaning took over. They shot the episode using one of their regular girls, wiped the cum off the set, remade the bed, and reshot the exact same video, but with Cindy Love as The Girlfriend (and Tom Cumm as The Boyfriend).

They cast me next to Brandi Luuve, the Mommy of Porn, a really beautiful, sexy MILF with huge, shapely tits and a simple, genuine love of sex, with both men and women, in all its incarnations. I was lucky to be paired with her; she was worldly, but joyous where most porn actors are jaded. We struck sparks instantly. She wanted to taste me and to share me right away, and I instantly, totally wanted to fuck her, with a cock in any of our holes being a pure bonus. And it showed. It absolutely showed. We smoldered, we smoked, we caught fire.

There were two cameras, one doing close-ups (mouths, asses, pussies, tits and cocks), the other either doing "establishing" shots so you could tell who was doing what to whom in the where, or trying to find an angle that showed Brandi's gorgeous, jiggling tits and smiling face, a mouth connected to someone's genitals, and the boyfriend's dick, but not his face.

They regularly interrupted the actors to adjust the lighting or camera angle, or to have them try different sexual positions or even basic dialog ("Beg him to fuck you harder." "Tell her how to deep throat him BEFORE she actually does it." "Tell him to fuck your mom in the ass.").

Since I was re-enacting a scene the rest of them had just shot, they didn't interrupt us much, just cued us when to change positions. They didn't even make us pause while they reset the lights or cameras; if we were into it (and I sure was) they let us keep fucking while they repositioned things, then started rolling again.

I started out in front of a bedroom mirror in a schoolgirl uniform, pushing my tits out and up, trying to make them look bigger, while my stepmom watched through the open door. I looked really young, but when I practiced looking slutty in the mirror my face transformed, and I got that timeless, ageless, "come fuck me" look, despite my pigtails. My stepmom smiled. Her little girl. Becoming a grownup whore. How sweet.

I peeled my blouse off and pinched my nipples to make them hard. My breasts are tiny, but I have long pink nipples that point up and out when they're aroused, which they were. I liked touching myself in front of the camera. It felt slutty. It felt dirty. It felt really good.

I had this big lollipop. I licked it suggestively, then I licked the edge to make it slippery, lifted my skirt, pulled my little white panties to one side, and rubbed the lollipop edge-on in my slit. I actually got a little bit hot doing it, but the lollipop kept getting sticky instead of slippery and I had to keep licking it. I took off my skirt and laid on the edge of the bed naked, with my pussy facing the mirror. I kept licking the edge of the lollipop and trying to masturbate. I let my frustration show.

Seeing my confusion, Brandi came in and sat beside me on the bed. 

"What's wrong, baby?"

"I don't know how to work this. Tommy's on his way over. I know he likes me, but I want him to like-like me. I want Tommy to be attracted to me, but I think my titties and my pussy are too small. Your tits are so big and so beautiful, Mommy," I lamented, "and mine are so itty-bitty."

"Well, it's true my tits are bigger," she said, scooping a succulent globe out of her blouse, "but yours are just as soft and silky." She cupped one of my breasts in her hand and one of her own breasts in the other hand. Her fingers slid erotically over the sensitive skin of my bosom. "See? Feel for yourself. Feel how soft and smooth and nice to touch they both are."

She took one of my hands and rubbed it on her breast, then guided my other hand to my stroke my breast. "See? Don't they both feel nice?"

"Uh-huh," I nodded.

Brandi glanced up to see my "boyfriend" was now watching furtively through the doorway. She smiled knowingly.

"I'll bet Tommy would love to feel your breasts. They're so soft and smooth. Now, gently squeeze my nipple. Mmm. That's right. See how hard it's getting? Now squeeze your own nipple. See? It gets just as hard. And what a pretty shade of pink. I wish I had pink nipples like yours."

"Your nipples are beautiful, Mommy."

"Yes, we're different, but we're both beautiful. I'll bet Tommy would like to do this, too." She gently pinched my nipple.

"It feels so good, Mommy!"

"Yes, it does. Does it make you tingle down there, in your pussy?"

"Yes!"

"Here, kiss Mommy's nipple. Now suck it. Oh, yes! Gently bite Mommy's nipple now, dear. Oh! Just a little harder... now put your finger in Mommy's pussy. How does it feel?"

"Wet. Your pussy's wet, Mommy. And slippery."

"Taste it. Does Mommy's slippery pussy juice taste good?"

I sucked the pussy drippings from my finger. "Mmm. So-oo good."

"Now I'm going to suck your nipple. Mmmm. Now put your finger in your own pussy. How does it feel?"

"Wet! But kind of sticky."

"I think that's from the lollipop, dear. Taste it. Is it sweet?"

"Mmm. Yes, but something else, too."

"A little salty?"

"Mm. Maybe."

Brandi rubbed the lollipop the length of her slit. "Put your finger inside Mommy and taste her now. "

"It's sticky! And you taste sweet, Mommy. And salty."

"Part of the reason your nipples feel so good is to make your pussy wet and slippery when someone plays with them, so it feels good for both of you when a boy like Tommy puts his cock inside you."

I squirmed. "Tommy and I tried that, Mommy. It wouldn't go in..." I tried to look like I might cry.

"Oh, sweetie... you probably just weren't wet enough, that's all. Is Tommy's cock bigger than your finger?"

I nodded.

"Bigger than two fingers?"

I nodded emphatically.

"Three?"

"Much bigger, Mommy."

"Oh, my." Brandi glanced at 'Tommy' who was now stroking his cock while listening at the door. Her eyes widened when she saw how big he was. 

"Would you like me to show you how we can make you wet and slippery enough to fit Tommy's whole cock inside your little pussy?"

"Yes, Mommy, yes!"

"First we need to get that sticky lollipop sugar out."

"How? Tommy's coming over. I don't have time to take a bath."

"How do we ever make lollipop sugar go away? We lick it. I'll bet Tommy would really like to lick the sugar from your pussy, sweetheart. In fact, he can lick you until you're wet and slippery enough for his great big cock to slide right in. And if he doesn't, I will."

"Really?"

"Yes. Here, I'll show you. Lick the sugar out of Mommy's pussy, and keep licking until Mommy's wet and slippery enough to put three of your fingers inside her, all at once. We have time. I promise."

Brandi peeled her clothes off and sat on the edge of the bed, her voluptuous body naked and flawless. I got on my hands and knees, ass towards the door, and began to lick Brandi's slit. I kept at it while Brandi caressed her mouth-watering breasts, lifting them to lick her own nipples. "Ohhhh, that's good, baby. Lick the sugar all out of Mommy's pussy, until all you can taste is her pussy juice."

I enjoyed lapping at her beautiful twat for a while. "I only taste your pussy drippings now, Mommy. They taste so good!"

"Good, baby. Now lick up higher. You remember when I showed you how to find your love button? Find Mommy's."

Brandi's cunt was delicious. I hungrily licked my way up her slit and found her clitoris. It was tiny but engorged, and stood out like a pearl. "Your love button is so pretty, Mommy."

I backed off so the camera could see my tongue ladling her clit with saliva, and one finger sliding in and out of her vagina, then two fingers, then three, thrusting into her responsive cunt.

Brandi bucked and moaned. She cupped her breasts, squeezed her nipples, and looked right at Tommy, who was standing in the doorway now, watching, with his pants around his ankles, stroking his fat, eight-inch long dick.

"I think you better come in here, young man," she said, warmly but firmly. I kept eating her, slurping noisily on her clit now and reaming her hot, slippery cunt with all four of my little fingers.

She took me by the pigtails and tugged me unwillingly out of her snatch. Our eyes met, and we grinned at each other. "Tommy," she called, "Come show my baby how your big dick will fit inside my pussy, now that it's nice and wet."

He kicked his pants off, pulled a tight tee shirt off over his beautiful hairless abs, and lifted both of Brandi's feet high over his head with one hand, while he fitted the head of his cock into her opening with the other. He rocked it back and forth a few times, then shoved it all the way in. He began to fuck her with long, deep strokes, standing beside the bed and pushing to get as deep into her cunt as possible.

"Oh, god, Tommy's, cock, feels, so, big, so, oh, oh good..." Her pillowy breasts quaked and rippled as he plowed her mercilessly. "Do you like fucking my hot, wet pussy, Tommy?"

"Oh. God! Yes. Yes. Yes!"

Brandi winked at me. "Come let Mommy lick the sugar out of you, baby," she invited. 'Tommy' began to really pound her just then, driving his thick shaft home with his full body weight behind it every time. Brandi's large, luscious tits moved hypnotically in response to the power-fucking. "Unh! Let me. Get your. Pussy. Ready. For. Tommy's. Big. Dick," she gasped.

She laid back and I straddled her face, watching Tommy's ass slam into Brandi in the mirror. Tommy spread her legs wide and leaned in to kiss me while he fucked her. I sucked his tongue and slid my vulva back and forth, fucking myself on Brandi's mouth, from my asshole all the way up to my clit and back, smearing her face with my pussy juice.

I shortened my strokes to focus her lips and tongue on my clit. I gave little mews of pleasure so the camera would know Brandi was eating her little girl. Suddenly the knowledge that men's hands would be gripping their shafts and working their heads, that sperm was going to boil up in their balls and come shooting out, because they were watching me get my pussy eaten—that men would be cumming because they were watching me fuck—increased my excitement almost as if I were tasting their cum squirting onto my tongue. I licked my lips, imagining all those hundreds, thousands, of cocks, shooting beautiful white cum, cocks cumming for me.

Brandi could feel me heating up, and redoubled her tongue's assault on my clitty; the script didn't call for a Cindy-gasm here, but I sure as fuck did!

People say my orgasms are something to feel, up close, and I guess they're right. The camera man zoomed in on my face, the director let it roll, Tommy reached out and twisted the nipples on my little, bouncing tits, and I saw a crew member jerking off, staring at me. As the white cum leaked from his cockhead, I climaxed, drenched in my imagination with the cum of all those cocks.

"Cut! Very nice, Cindy. Inspiring. Good support work, Brandi, Tom. Nice improvising. Take ten, freshen up. Then let's take it from Cindy being too tight for Tommy, and Brandi showing her how to deepthroat to get him slick. Follow the script the best you can Cindy, but you're doing fine; on balance it's better for you to be overexcited than underexcited, right? Learn to cum like that on cue, and you'll be a fucking star, like Brandi."

= = = = = = = = = = 

Take Five

= = = = = = = = = = 

"Quite a rush, isn't it?" Brandi asked me, smiling warmly, "the first time you realize all those guys are cumming out there somewhere, because of you."

"How did you know what I was thinking about??" 

She laughed, softly but openly. "I was eating you, and you liked it, but you were nowhere near cumming. You began moaning for the camera, and your little motor just started to rev. It had to be something up here:" she tapped her head. "That can be anything, but you didn't feel far away, like a girl lost in fantasy. You felt right here, like something we were doing, right now, was really turning you on. It was either me or the camera, and it wasn't all me."

"Actually, you pushed me over the edge. You really know how to eat pussy!"

.

She grinned. "A girl tries. You taste good."

"I bet you say that to all the girls," I deadpanned.

She belly laughed. "I do. I do." She shook her head. "I think you're the real deal, chicka. You were born to fuck on camera. If you want, I can have them let a couple of my fans in to jerk it while they watch you perform. Would that excite you?"

I felt a happy buzz in my whole crotch. I touched my mound. "Mrs. Happy Pants says yes."

She snorted. "I like you, kid. Come fuck me when we're done shooting?"

I swallowed. "Y-y... sure!"

She licked her lips. "I'm going to enjoy working with you Cindy." She glanced at the director. "I'll have a word with Mister Mister about getting some dicks shooting on the set when the script calls for you to climax."

I knew at that moment that Brandi would be my friend for life.

= = = = = = = = = =

Act I

take 2

= = = = = = = = = =

I laid myself on the edge of the bed, my open legs dangling, with Brandi supporting me from behind, her big, firm tits rubbing against my back and shoulders, her warm hands cupping my little breasts, letting my nipples slip through between her fingers, and gently squeezing them.

"Does this feel good, kitten?"

"Oh, yes, Mommy."

"Is it making you wet?"

"Oh, so wet."

"Now play with your love button, baby. That will make you even wetter, and it will make Tommy's cock feel better when he's inside you, better for both of you."

"Oh, oh, oh, Mommy, Mommy! It feels so naughty! It feels so, oh, oh, so go-ood!"

"Now, Tommy, put that big beautiful cock in my baby's tight little pussy. She's wet. She's ready. Easy now. Start slow."

Tom rubbed the head of his thick cock back and forth in my entrance.

"That's it. Make the head wet. Rub it in. Now, push. Push that big dick into her tight little pussy."

Tom pressed his rod about an inch into me, parting my pussy lips around his fat cockhead, lodging it in the opening to my cunt. He pretended to shove, then shook his head. "It's stuck!"

"I'm too little!" I wailed.

"It will fit," Brandi reassured us. "But Tommy's cock is very big, and your pussy is very tight. Now those are both GOOD things, but we have to get Tommy really slippery so he can slide into you. Would you like me to show you how, baby?"

I nodded solemnly.

"Have you ever put Tommy's cock in your mouth before, baby?"

I nodded shyly. "Yes. Part way."

"Show me."

We sat Tom on the edge of the bed with his head lying back and his legs spread. Brandi and I knelt between his legs, one of us on each side of his cock. The camera pulled in, so the screen was entirely filled by our faces and breasts, framing a big, hard, throbbing dick and a pair of balls. I could see us in the mirror. We looked so hot: a mother and daughter about to devour a huge male member.

I awkwardly took the tip of his giant cock in my mouth, gave it a big wet kiss, then sucked my way up and down the outside of his shaft. Brandi joined me and we took turns licking the shaft and sucking the tip, until it was glistening with our saliva. The taste of Tom's cock and the nearness of Brandi's mouth was making my quim quiver.

"Now take it in your mouth, baby, as deep as you can."
