 There had been an empty phone line on my desk phone at work. However at about 9:00 AM this morning, that damned thing started ringing like a direct line to my desk. I answered it simply "This is Jason". It was a senior Vice President. "Congratulations Jason, you have been selected as the new 'Facilitator' for the club. My assistant will bring you a new box of business cards by shortly. We are really happy to have you on board, you came very highly recommended for the job. Again Congratulations, Jason".

"Thank you very much sir!" I said and the line went dead.

The VP's assistant showed up shortly afterward and handed me a box of business cards. I thanked her (While checking her out!) and she departed with a smile on her face. I opened the box of cards and all they said was "FACILITATOR", across the middle of the card and gave a phone number at the bottom.

My secretary came in and handed me some forms and said that they came to her by E-mail to be copied and given to me. I thanked her and she had a quizzical look on her face. I just shrugged my shoulders as if to say, "I don't have a clue!" And she departed.

The new phone line started ringing a couple of times an hour, and it would be someone wanting to be included in the next party. So I would pull out the "log" forms my secretary had given me and started filling them out with a code word for a name, a phone number, sex, and approximate age. (like 20-30, 30-40, 40-50)

It had been a really rough weekend for me. After the workout I had at the party, Carmen had gone home with me and spent the weekend. The only break she gave me was when we went out to eat. She was now absolutely addicted to orgasms. She couldn't get enough of them! She totally exhausted me. I had to come to work to rest!

On Tuesday, I got a Fed-Ex package marked PERSONAL in big red letters. My secretary brought it in and said "Sir I am supposed to screen your mail, but this one is so obviously personal, I thought I had better not open it." I thanked her and said it was fine and she gave me a big smile and left. She is damned cute!

I opened the package and it was instructions for the next party. I read the instructions that were included in the packet. This one was to be strangers only. It included a list of limo drivers that were to be contacted. They were to hit the streets and pick up a single man or woman and then cruise until the driver found what he thought was a good mate for his passenger, then bring them to the club. The drivers were allowed to pick up two people of the same sex and then find two mates, but that was the limit of his discretion.

While I was going over the instructions, my phone buzzed, my secretary said, "Sir it is a lady named Gwen, said you would know who she is." "Thank you Sherry" I replied.

I picked up the phone and said, "This is Jason".

The voice on the phone said "Hi Jason, I just wanted to call and thank you for being so sweet and thoughtful Friday night!"

"Friday Night?" I said.

"Yes, Jason, Friday night, I am the Asian girl that you picked out for your second round!

You gave me your card and told me to call you." She answered.

"Oh yes, I am so sorry, I didn't get your name Friday night! Did you enjoy the rest of the party, Gwen?" I asked.

"I really wanted to die, Jason, till you selected me and you made me feel so much better. Then after you I really got into it! So I am calling to see if I can attend the next one. I also, very seriously Jason, want to see you before then. Will you meet with me Jason, Please?" She said. Then continues before I could answer, "I was really scared Friday night, and I know I wasn't a very good partner for you and you deserved better than that, so I want to please you the best I can, Jason. It is my honor, Jason, please let me satisfy you properly!"

"Gwen, honey, you were great Friday night and you do not "owe" me anything! But I would also be honored if I could see you again. How about dinner….say tonight?"

"Jason, not tonight, I have to see my family, but tomorrow night I can see you, is that good for you?" she asked.

"Yes honey, that will be great, dinner and a movie?" I asked.

"How about dinner and sex Jason?" she replied.

"Sounds like a good plan to me honey!" I said.

"OK, pick me up at about 6:30 at the donut shoppe at the corner of Fifth Ave. and 13th Street, Do you know it?" she asked.

"Sure I know it, it is only like 3 blocks from my office." I said.

"Great! See you then sweetheart!" she said and hung up.

Well, I have only had this position for a few weeks, I have already been given an "Extra Duty" , been screwed silly, and got another date already. I think I am going to like this job!!! It even has good pay, an office with a view and a damned cute secretary! Life is good!

My date with Gwen went wonderfully well. We had a very long dinner, (we talked more than we ate) and I found her to be a very intelligent, well mannered, gracious, and beautiful. She was all the things that a decent man would look for in a lady for a long-term relationship. When we got back to my apartment, I put on some light music and poured us a glass of nice wine and sat down on the couch looking out my balcony window over the city. I am on the 18th floor and have a great (and expensive) view of the city. We cuddled up and chatted some more. Then, in the middle of a sentence, looking at each other, we kissed. It was a long passionate kiss. Our tongues were fighting and being sucked into each other's mouths. I had to feel her breasts, she was so beautiful and so well built. I slid my right hand up from her waist to her breast and cupped it with my open hand. It was smallish but firm and had a stiff nipple that was very prominent. Her right hand caressed my chest and then slowly eased down to my pants, to my now almost fully erect penis. She quietly moaned approval of it when she cupped her small hand around it. She pulled back from the kiss with a smile and took off her blouse and bra and folded them neatly on the end of the couch. Her chest was so beautiful and sexy. So white with a faint tan line, big pick nipples and darker pink areolas around them. I just wanted to devour her whole chest, it looked so very delicious! I cupped both breasts with my hands and bent down to kiss them. She allowed me to kiss each one then pushed me back so she could open my pants. She wasted no time getting my rock hard cock out of my pants now. I kissed her mouth again and she moaned into mine. I broke the kiss and said, "Want to go for the bed?"

"No baby, right now, on the floor, I want you. I want you now!" She replied. "I want you to fuck me on the floor, very hard, and the floor will not move so that I can get all the force you have for me! And don't be easy Jason, I want you to really fuck me good and hard and deep, like no other man has ever done to me!" 

She might be well mannered, intelligent and all that stuff, but she knew also how she liked her sex! And I was sure game at satisfying her! I finished getting undressed as she did the same. I couldn't help but watch her uncover her body. She was really a thing of beauty. I stepped over to the glass doors and started to close the blinds, but she stopped me and said, "Please, no, leave them open, the thought of someone watching us is so exciting!" So I left them open. I pushed the coffee table out of the way to give us more floor space and we laid down on the floor in front of the couch. I lay on my side, facing her. I reached out and took one of her beautiful sexy breasts in my hand and started massaging it. She reached up and pulled my head down to kiss me. As our tongues started the second fight of the night, she reached down and took my cock in her hand and started pumping on it. Maybe she had had only one guy before the party like she said, but she sure as hell knew what she was doing!! I slid my hand off her breast down her flat tight belly to her mound and rubbed it a little and then I ran my fingers down over her pussy lips. She was dripping wet. She arched her ass up to meet my hand.

She broke the kiss and said "Oh Jason, I have never wanted anything as much as I want you inside me right now. But first I want to taste you!" she said as she leaned forward and took about half of my cock in her mouth. OH man she was good at this for someone who has no experience. But she only sucked and licked on it for a minute, before she raised up and said "Ok you taste fantastic, now fuck me Jason, Like I am the last girl you will ever have!"

I raised up and got over between her legs and she reached down and took my cock and pulled it down to her pussy. She looked me in the eyes and said "Jason, please, don't be easy with me. Make me feel every move. I want to know all about how it feels to be really made love to."

"Gwen, baby, I will do my very best to honor your desires, but if I do hurt you, please stop me immediately. I would never want to hurt you my love!" I said as I eased my cock into her waiting pussy all the way to the hilt. 

"OH FUCK JASON! That feels so good! Hold it down for just a minute and let me enjoy the feeling of you deep inside me!"…Then she started moving her ass a little bit in circles and up and down she was getting the full length of me inside her. After a minute of that, she pulled my head down and kissed me again and said "OK Jason baby, it's time to hurt me, hurt my pussy! Fuck me as hard as you can for as long as you can!"

I pulled back and slammed into her and our pelvic bones crashed together and she yelled out "Yes Jason, that's it, fuck me hard, beat my ass into the floor!" And she and I were both humping together as hard and as fast as we could. I knew, even if she didn't, that we couldn't last long like this.

I was slamming into her so hard that I was actually sliding her on the floor. But that's what she wanted, so she was going to get it. Her legs were around my ass and her heels were putting pressure on my ass as she tried to pull/push me in deeper.

It only took 3-4 minutes for her to start jerking and loosing her breath, and moaning and groaning like she was in serious pain. She opened her eyes threw her arms around my neck and squeezed me hard, looked at me and said "OH JASE! NOW! OH fuck! Hurt me Jase baby, fuck me to death! Flood my pussy with your cum! I'm cumminggggg Jase!!!"

I pounded into her as hard as I could (I couldn't get much harder) and kept pumping as she had one hell of an orgasm! She made all kinds of noises, and did all kinds of movements and I was having a hard time staying on top of her. Finally she slowed down. I could feel her juices leaking off my balls onto the floor. 

She again reached up and pulled me down to her and kissed me. As our tongues played, I felt my orgasm start, and I said "Gwen, baby, here it comes! I am going to flood your pussy with my cum!"

She squeezed me tighter and said "Give it to me Jase, I want it all, and I'm going to cum with you baby .. right now!! OOHHH JASEEEEE!" Then we both collapsed on the floor. I barely had the strength to roll off her.

"OH fuck you are fantastic Gwen!" Was all I could get out of my mouth right then. I was mainly concerned that I could stay conscious at that point! I have never been that drained after one "session" of sex! She was like a wild animal! But I loved her for that!!

After a few minutes she said "Jason, you were awesome!"

I said, "Thanks honey, but you inspired that performance. Damn did you ever inspire that!"

We finally got up enough strength to get up and went to the shower. She was incredible! She washed my entire body, and then as I was rinsing off, she washed herself, and then we dried each other. We went back to the living room, no clothes of course, and had another glass of wine. As we sat there enjoying the wine and music, and trying to recover for the strain of our first sex together, she looked at me and with a very serious face, she said "Jason, I feel very comfortable and secure with you. May I spend the night in your bed?"

For a moment I was at a loss for words. No woman had ever asked me before, and I was never told that they felt comfortable and secure with me. But it made me feel so damned good! I said, "Gwen honey, If you didn't want to, I would be terribly hurt. Please spend the night with me. I will get you back home in the morning with enough time to change clothes and get to work."

She smiled and nodded her pretty head in reply. We chatted for a little while longer and then I told her that it was getting late and we should get to bed.

She said "Oh of course Jason, we must both go to work in the morning, so, Yes, let's get to bed."

As we walked to the bedroom with our clothes in our hands, I looked down at her and thought to myself "This is undoubtedly the most wonderful woman I have ever met. One that any man would be proud to spend his life with! She is everything any man could ever ask for in a woman. How did I ever luck up and meet her?"

When we got into bed, she came over to me and laid her head on my shoulder and said, "Jason, I have never spent the night with a man before. Do you think bad of me for staying with you? Especially on our first date?"

I instantly remembered that this young beauty queen, angel of mine, was from a totally different kind of society. She is Asian, a totally different culture, a different set of rules for their women. "No my darling," I replied with a smile, "I could never ever think bad of you. You are the best lady that I have ever met in my life. I know that your being Vietnamese makes it difficult for you to do things like American women do with ease, 

But know that I have the utmost of respect for you and I am truly honored to have you in my bed."

"Good" she said, "I knew you would understand! Now can we softly make love before we sleep?"

I rolled over on my side facing her and kissed her ear and massaged her breast again, I loved her breasts. She caressed my chest as we kissed some more. Finally I raised up and got between her legs and she again reached down and took my cock and placed it at her opening and said "Please be gentle this time, it is for love now"

How can a man not be gentle after that statement. I eased down into her and started slowly stroking in and out of her. She softly whispered to me, "Oh yes, Jason, this is wonderful, my love!" We caressed each other's bodies, as much as we could reach, and fondled everything we could find to touch. We kissed all over each other's faces and necks and shoulders. We slowly made love for what seemed like a very long time. I rested myself on both elbows and reached over and took both nipples and rolled them and pinched them. She moaned her approval. 

As I played with her nipples, she started jerking and moaning again and I knew she was at the edge. I picked up my pace a little and pinched a little harder and then she yelled that she was cumming, and I was right behind her! Her ass was like a battering ram, slamming against me and that caused me to go over the edge with her. We had a good orgasm and then relaxed together for a minute. Then we rolled apart and kissed and said goodnight. I went to sleep thinking how fantastic this young woman was that laying beside me.

When I awoke, I was just amazed. Gwen was sitting cross-legged beside me on the bed, slowly stroking my cock, and looking at it intensely. "You are amazing, darling!" I said. It surprised her, I guess she thought that I could sleep through that! 

"I'm sorry darling, I didn't mean to awaken you. I just woke up and it was standing up like this. I hate to sound analytical darling, but it is an amazing organ to give two people such pleasure! May I have it for a few minutes before we have to dress and leave?"

With a smile, I replied, "Sure honey whatever you want!" 

She sat there stroking it for a minute, very slowly, then bent down and kissed the head of it. She looked up at me, I guess to get my approval, turned back and put her mouth doen over the head and started sucking. Of course the more she suck, the more went into her mouth. Very obviously-her first time ever to do that. As she started to get the hang of moving her head up and down, I said, "Come here baby, come to me."

She raised up and looked at me very quizzically and I reached down and got her by her ass cheek and said "Come her to me, we both need to enjoy this baby!"

She understood that and moved her body around so that I had full access to her pussy while she sucked on my dick. I got her body up on top of me and her legs on either side of my shoulders, and stuck my tongue into her pussy as far as I could. She jumped and said "What? What are you doing Jason?' 

I said, Honey, you are giving me great pleasure with your mouth, so I will do the same for you!"

She went back to sucking on my dick with a frenzy! She had the most wonderful pussy, totally bald, full rounded lips, a nice sized clit that got stiff and protruded out from between her lips, and the whole thing just kept oozing her juices out onto my tongue. I ran my tongue up and down the lips, on the outside, on the inside, the tongue fucked her and sucked her clit. That brought a good moan from her, so I sucked it harder and lightly bit it with my teeth. She came up off my dick and yelled, "Yes Jason, whatever you are doing, do it more, oh shit it's so good!" Then she was back down on my dick. Then she came up and raked her teeth along the shaft and all the way to the head! I almost came right then!! The pressure from her teeth was almost perfect! I sucked really hard on her clit and bit it again and she immediately slammed her ass against my face and moaned loudly! She pushed her pussy against my face with all she had, and I knew she was cumming but wouldn't let go of my dick till she made me cum too. Which I did almost immediately after her! She was getting a good eating, I was all over her pussy and ass hole area. I wanted to taste her all over. She was so fantastic! As I was finishing my orgasm, I finally got that little bridge of flesh between her pussy and her ass hole in my mouth and bit it. She screamed on my dick and came again, hard! I had no idea what it would do to her, but I thought I would try it anyway.

Finally we rolled over and she looked back at me and said, "Oh Jason, you are so wonderful! That was as good as last night!"

We finally mustered up the strength to get up and get in the shower. Again she washed me totally before doing herself. We dried each other like we had last night and got dressed and left. I took her back to her apartment building and dropped her off with a very sincere promise that I would call her real soon. Then I headed off to work. What an amazing night I had just had! Gwen was without a doubt, the most fantastic girl I had ever been with! And she wanted me again!!! This was really great!!!

End of chapter 2