 I had not been in the office more than a couple of hours when my secretary buzzed me and said, "Sir, a young lady named Latoya would like to speak with you on line 3, if you are not busy."

I answered, "Sure, I'll take it, thank you Sherry!" I didn't know anyone named Latoya, but I figured that it must have something to do with the 'games'! I answered the phone "This is Jason!" 

"Jason, I have not quit thinking about you since Friday night! I know there is a race difference here, but I would love to see you again....Jason? Are you there, Jason?"

"Yes Latoya, I am here. Would you be the young black lady that I gave my card to Friday night?"

Yes sir, I am. And if you can't see me because of your position at work, or whatever, I will try to understand. But if I can't meet you out in public, can I meet you somewhere in private? I'll come to your place late at night if you want. Just please do not say NO until I have had a chance to talk to you, Please?" 

"Latoya, my dear, where do you live, or whatever? Where can I pick you up?" She told me her address and I said "I think that is just about 10 blocks from here. About halfway there, at the corner of 14th Street and 12th Avenue, there is a really good coffee and pastry shop, I forget the name right away. Do you know the one I am talking about?"

"Yes sir, I know it. I will be there whenever you say, or you can pick me up at my apartment, whatever you want." She replied.

I said "How about we meet there at about 6PM this evening. Is that convenient for you?"

"Yes Jason, I'll be there." She said.

I suddenly became suspicious of this and said, "Latoya, tell me the truth now, before a lot of people get seriously hurt. Are you wanting to see me as a friend, or are you mad at me and want to embarrass me in public? I'll be there, either way, I just want to know what to expect."

"Oh no Jason! Honey, most of Friday night, all I could think of was how sweet and kind you were to this frightened young lady, and I just want to thank you for that."

"OK. Tell me Latoya, did you enjoy the rest of Friday night?" I asked.

"Well, to tell the truth Jason, the rest of the night was kind of like I was in a dream land. I blocked everything out except my memory of you. So I don't remember a lot of what took place after you!" She said. "Jason, Please meet me. I am on the level, I swear. Just you and me, Please?"

"Ok, Latoya, 6 pm at the pastry shop," I said.

"OK! Love you! Bye!" she said and hung up.

"Now wasn't that something!" I thought.

I arrived a few minutes early at the pastry shop (one of my favorite places for brunch on Saturdays.) Just to look around, be sure I wasn't being set up. Why was I thinking like this? She can't know that I am the Facilitator! She has to think that I am just a regular customer, like she was at the club! Finally! Reason in my mind. Now I am comfortable. 

About 3 minutes before 6, she walked in. I hardly recognized her with her clothes on! But she recognized me immediately. What a beautiful smile she had on her face as she approached my table! I stood up and she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and said "Hello Jason, thank you so much for seeing me. I just have to say some things to you and then I won't bother you anymore."

I said, "How about a quick dinner? Will you have dinner with me Latoya?"

"Yes sir, I would be honored to have dinner with you, but may I pay?" she replied.

"I know a great little Italian place just a few doors down the street. And No ma'am, you may no pay! I asked you to dinner, therefore, I pay!" I said.

"But I asked you here first sir!" she said.

"Ok, let's discuss that over dinner, shall we?" and I took her arm and we slowly walked the few steps to the restaurant. After we were seated, I ordered a nice wine while we looked at the menu. 

The waiter came back, we ordered and then she started to talk.

"Jason, I am a young, inexperienced in city ways, black, country girl. My parents worked very hard to send me to college and get me to the city so I wouldn't have to live hard like they did. I owe them a lot! But that's not what I need to say to you. I have only been in the city a little over a month now. I went out alone Friday night to a club, just to dance and maybe meet someone to talk to. I danced with a very nice young white man, and after a few dances, and a lot of compliments on my beauty, my figure, my intelligence and blah, blah, blah, he asked if I wanted to go to a real party. I agreed, because he seemed nice enough, and honestly, I wanted him to take me to bed. I was feeling very horny that night. Anyway, as we were leaving, a limo stopped and asked if we wanted to really party and we answered yes. So we wound up at the club where you and I met. We danced a few dances, and I danced with a few other people too. Till 10 PM, and then all hell broke loose for me. I had to strip in front of all those people and be looked over like a piece of meat in a grocery store display. I was so very embarrassed and humiliated! And then you came along and,... and well, you know what scared me about you! But then you were so very nice to me, and so sweet and kind, even though you didn't have to be. You could have had me anyway! I had to do what you wanted, like it or not, because of where we were. And believe me, the next two were not nearly as nice as you were. But I kept you in my mind and I blocked out a lot, but I did enjoy most of what happened to me that night. Thank you so very much for that Jason."

Our meals arrived and we ate and chatted about other stuff, families, schools, college, etc., till we left. As we walked up the street toward my car, I asked if she was driving. 

"No sir, taxis are it right now!" she said.

"Then please let me drive you, I'd really like to!" I said.

"Sure Jason, but will you take me home with you? You do live alone, don't you?" I really want to pay you back for being so very nice to me on Friday night." She said.

"No honey, I am alone, not married. And Latoya, you do not owe me anything. I was just being me, nothing special. But if you truly want to go to my place—and not because you think you owe me a debt—that would be just fantastic with me. But please don't go with me if you feel you owe this to me. I want you because you are such a great person and so beautiful and sexy! Understand honey?" I said.

"Yes Jason, I want to go with you. I want to freely make love to you. Quite honestly, you did something for me that no one else has ever done, and I want some more of it!" She said, in her sweetest, sexiest voice.

I just had to take her home with me then!

When we got to my apartment, she wasted no time at all getting undressed. So I did the same! She took my clothes and folded then neatly and laid them on top of the hamper. Then she turned to face me, and I was just staring at her beautiful body. She smiled and said, "You still like me like you did Friday night?"

"Oh hell yes baby, you are gorgeous! You would make any man want you!" I said.

"Well thank you Jason! You are quite handsome and sexy yourself, you know! Now Jason," she said as she put her arms around my neck and pushed her pelvis against mine, "you can have this body any way you want it, in any position, any hole, just do me one favor, please, make me cum again by doing me orally. You were my first and it was so fantastic! Any thing you want Jason, just do me one time orally, please. That was the best orgasm I have ever had!" 

My lips found hers and our tongues met and fought, and I remembered the frightened little girl at the club. I reached down and picked her up and carried her to my bed and laid her down and said "Honey I would love to do you orally, for as many orgasms as you want, if my jaw muscles will stand up to it! But first we have to have a little fun." I said.

I knelt beside the bed and leaned over and started kissing her on her forehead and went to her eyes and her ears, neck, shoulders, breasts, (Not the nipples) belly legs all the way to her feet and back again. Up her legs, just to the side of her pussy, across her belly, up to the breasts again and this time I circled the nipples with the tip of my tongue. She was moaning constantly, and rubbing my head and trying to push my head to where she wanted it, but I had a plan. I continued to kiss her body and lick some spots. Finally, when she was in an almost constant moan, I sucked her nipple into my mouth and held it with my teeth while I flicked it with my tongue, and then went to the other one and did the same thing. She was humping her ass up off the bed by now. 

"Oh god Jason, please darling, please suck on my pussy! Oh I can't stand this teasing Jason, fuck! Please Jason, beat me, hurt me, do whatever you want to, just make me cum Jason, oh I want it so badly Jason!" She was almost like she was crying, begging me to satisfy her.

Back down over her flat, firm belly to her mound. I licked all around it. I slipped one finger between her legs and touched her pussy lips. She was drenched in juices. I slid the finger up a little while I licked around the thighs to touch her clit. It was standing up straight and stiff and when I touched it, she yelled out "Oh fuck Jason, Now make me cum honey. I'm begging you, please!" I kept licking around her thighs and just above her pussy and then pressed hard on her clit with my finger and she went crazy! I rubbed and pressed on her clit and then I slid my tongue down the lips of her pussy and she screamed out "Yes Jason, I'm cumming honey! Oh Jason,I love you Jason, oh fuck FUCK! Ohh Jason!!!"

I didn't slow down a bit. I got in between her legs with my head and started sucking and licking like she was the last pussy on earth. I did my best to get as much tongue inside her as I could. I slid down and tongued her asshole and she was delirious! She was in convulsions and jerking and moaning and holding my head down by my hair and throwing her legs up and down and really being wild! The more she moved and moaned, the more encouraged I was to keep her going. She was making so much noise and moving so much that I didn't know if she was having an orgasm or not! So I just kept going!! After a while, she just slowed down and finally stopped and just lay there. I looked up at her, she was smiling, her eyes closed, her mouth open. I said "Honey? Honey? Are you alright? Want me to continue?"

She barely mumbled a "no" out and just lay there for a few minutes.

She finally opened her eyes a little and looked at me. "Jason, you are so fantastic! How long did I cum that time? Seemed like hours! I am so weak I can't even move yet!"

I moved up beside her on the bed and leaned over and kissed her. Let her taste herself on my tongue and lips. She licked her lips and said "MMmmm". 

I reached down and cupped her tittie in my hand. What beautiful firm tits! Probably a good 34C and so very nice! So sensitive to the touch! 

She said, "Oh Jason, you are a god, I can't believe you made me cum that much! It just wouldn't stop! Honey, I am about to be able to move again, what can I do to please you like you have pleased me? This body is yours, I am yours, tell me what you want most in the world from a girl, and I'll give it to you. Fuck, I'll give it to you as many times as you want it!"

I moved around and started kissing back down her belly again and right on into her pussy. She was ecstatic. She had both hands in my hair and was pulling my head into her pussy. As I got to her mound, I slipped two fingers into her and she moaned and humped up and then continued. I started working my fingers in and out of that hot wet pussy and she started meeting each thrust of my hand with her ass. I tried again and put three fingers in her and she cried out "Oh yes Jason, fist fuck me baby!! Fill my pussy up with your hand!" But I had other plans. I pulled out of her and pushed two fingers into her ass hole. She cried out "Oh shit Jason, please, no that hurts too much!"

I raised up and said, "Just hang on a minute and the pain will go away." I said, and kept on working them slowly in and out. It only took a minute and she was meeting my movements with her ass. "Jason, now it feels good. Try another one baby, fill me up!" 

I did as she asked, I put another one in and she groaned a little and then started moaning and moving. I pulled my fingers out and put them back in her pussy and worked them a bit and then I went back to her asshole with all four fingers and pushed them in to my knuckles. She bowed up and groaned, "Oh god Jason, that is so good, please fuck me in my ass now, please fuck my ass, I'll make it good for you baby, so good!"

I took one last good slurp the length of her pussy and got all the juices I could, then I moved up and put my lips on hers so she could get another good taste of herself. At the same time, I was getting into position to slide my cock into her pussy. She was so wet and I had opened her up with my fingers, I slid right in to the hilt. She moaned and bucked up against me and said, "Oh Jason, you are so wonderful inside me! Fuck me good now, I am about ready to cum again honey."

I rode her for a minute in her pussy and pulled out, reached down and got her legs and put them up on my shoulders. Then I leaned forward and positioned my cock head on her ass hole. "Oh lord Jason, please be easy, I remember how big your cock is, I don't know if I can handle all that in my ass, but I'll try, just for you baby, because you are the best! Just go in slow and let me adjust to it, OK?" She asked. I didn't answer, I just pushed my cock into her ass and kept up steady slow pressure until I was in all the way. Then I stopped for a minute and just rocked on her ass. I reached down between us and pinched her clit. "Now Jason, fuck me! Make me the whore I want to be for you. Fuck my ass full of your cum baby, I want to be flooded with it." I started humping her as hard and fast as I could, because I wanted to cum as much as she wanted me to! Her ass was so tight and so hot inside! I knew I wouldn't last long. "Latoya baby, you are my whore, my cum slut! Make me cum in your ass baby. Hump your ass against me as hard as you can. Make me know I've been fucked by the best ass in town!" And I drove in hard and as deep as I could and shot a full load of cum in her ass. 

As I did, she started yelling, "Yes Jason, I'm your whore, oh baby I'm cumming. I want to be your whore Jason. Oh honey fuck me, fuck me deep, I love you Jason!"

When my cock was drained, so was I. I was exhausted. She had really put a good fucking on me! I rolled over on my side beside her and she rolled up on her side to face me. "Jason, baby, that is twice now that you have done something to me and made me cum that no one else has ever done. How can I thank you for being such a good lover honey?"

"Sweetheart, I am exhausted. You have worn me out. Let's take a break and take a bath. Do you need to go back to your apartment tonight Honey?" I asked, hoping she would say no.

"No Jason, if you will just run me there early in the morning so I can change clothes before going to work, I'd rather stay here and sleep with you, if you don't mind!" She answered.

We got up and she went to the kitchen and I went to the bathroom and started running water into the big garden tub that I have. I dumped in some bubble bath that I know girls like in their baths, and climbed in and sat down. The hot water sure felt nice. My sweet little friend came back from the kitchen with a bottle of wine and two glasses. She poured us both a glass and stepped over into the tub. As she sat down, she handed me one glass and we sipped on the wine for a few minutes, not talking. She finished off her glass of wine and set the glass on the floor, stood up, got a washcloth and soap and started washing me off. I stood up to give her better access. She washed my whole body, and just hummed the whole time, like she was really happy. 

I took the washcloth from her and said, "Now your turn baby!!" 

She smiled and said "You don't have to Jason. I enjoyed bathing you, but you sit and relax, and enjoy the show!"

"No no baby, I want to do this! I want to get to know your body like I know my own!" I said.

We finished bathing and dried each other off, and then went in and laid down on the bed, hopefully to go to sleep. She had worn my ass out!

We cuddled up and did some "goodnight" kisses, and then got comfortable. I was quickly dozing off, when I felt her hand on my cock. I didn't move, but my cock did. It started growing again. She turned over to face me and started slowly working my cock. I couldn't believe she was ready to go again! I reached down and cupped her pussy as I opened my eyes. She was looking straight into them and smiling. 

"Can I taste you again Jason? Then I promise I'll let you go to sleep." She asked, smiling at me with her beautiful lips.

"OK baby, I think I can stay awake long enough for you to do that, if you really want to." I said.

She turned herself around so the she could get to it , which of course put her ass right up by my head again, so what the hell, I grabbed her ass and pulled her on top of me and she turned back to me and said "Jason, you are so fantastic, and I just can't get enough of you!" 

She went down on my cock again like she was starving for it. So I returned the favor and dived into her pussy with the same fervor. In a few minutes she was trying to moan and scream around my cock. I knew she was getting real close. I got a good grip on her hips and rolled her over onto her back with me on top of her. She never missed a stroke. 

I was very close to another orgasm and pulled up from her for a second and yelled "I'm ready to cum baby doll!" 

She mumbled something over my cock and then came up long enough to say "Fuck my face hard Jason. Shove it down my throat! I love it, I want it!" Then she was back on it again. 

I humped her face a few more times, feeling my cock head hitting the back of her throat and edging into it. I felt it cumming and stiffened up and her hands grabbed my ass cheeks and pulled me to her face. I pushed down hard and my cock went all the way down her throat, till her lips were in my pubic hair. Her belly convulsed a couple of times as she gagged but I was determined (as was she) that I was going to shoot a oad down her pretty throat. I was pumping cum fast and furious into her throat. Her arms went limp and fell off me, her whole body went soft and limp. I jumped away from her, of course pulling my cock out of her mouth at the same time. I spun around to her and grabbed her and she sucked in a big breath of air. She had stopped breathing because she had my cock in her throat and she couldn't breathe. But she never tried to push me off her!! 

In just a few seconds, she slowly opened her eyes and smiled and said "Jason, you are awesome! I passed out on that orgasm baby!!" She hugged me tight and kissed my neck.

I held her tight, thankful that I hadn't hurt her. She was too wonderful to be hurt.

We kissed and I dozed off to sleep.