 Please vote. Please give me the support or your vote. Please vote.

*

Part Four: Liz makes 13 porn Films in Amsterdam

Love at first sight, Liz met her husband, Mitch, at a swinger's, house party in 1977 and they were married eight months later. Obviously Cupid's arrow struck him in the heart in the way it pierced Liz's heart too. Thirty-eight years later, they're still happily married. Seemingly, when it comes to Mitch and Liz, the axiom is true. Those who swing together, stay together.

Perhaps the swinging lifestyle and swapping partners is their secret to a long, happy, and sexually satisfying marriage. Perhaps, as a prerequisite part of marriage, all married couples need to openly have sex with others instead of sneaking behind their partners back, lying and cheating, and having sordid, sexual affairs. With their sexual lives out in the open and honest, Liz and Mitch have never cheated on one another and/or lied about their sexual attraction to someone else. Perhaps an addendum begs to be added and is needed to be read when taking marriage vows.

"...and do you, Liz, promise to participate in the swinging lifestyle, to swap partners, and to have sex with hundreds if not thousands of men and women in the course of your marriage," said Father O'Malley.

"I do," said Liz revealing quite a bit of cleavage in her wedding dress, enough to give the priest an obvious erection beneath his robe.

With Father O'Malley standing higher than Liz at the altar, she gave him a great down wedding dress view of the tops of her big tits. Then, when she moved to her knees to pray and with her positioned on her knees, no doubt, in the way that he was leering at her, she was giving him a sexual fantasy of her on her knees while sucking him.

"I now pronounce you man and wife," said the priest while staring at the tops of Liz's exposed, abundant breasts and seemingly mesmerized by her long, line of sexy cleavage. "You may kiss your bride but, um, after you do, I, um, would like to have a confidential chat with Liz in my private quarters," said the priest whispering.

"Okay," said Liz giving her husband a look of confusion.

"I, um, just want to make sure she understands her marriage vows, especially the last part, the addendum, about her having sex with as many men as possible," said Father O'Malley.

"I understand," said Liz giving the priest a sexy smile and her husband a wink.

"I want to come too. I like to watch," said Mitch.

Leaving their guests for a few minutes, the bride and groom followed the priest to the rectory.

* * * * *

Yet, even though they're both very active swingers and even though the story started out this way with Liz and Mitch having swinging sex at a swingers', house party, this story isn't about swingers and/or about the swinging lifestyle, per se. This story is about Liz as a porn star. Confessions of a Porn Star. This story is about Liz telling all of the secrets of all that happened when she made thirteen adult films in Holland.

"Let's all remove our hats, bow our heads, and take a moment to pay respect to all of those women who were once porn stars, who are now porn stars, and for those who yearn to be porn stars in the future. Amen."

This story is about Liz finally sitting down to enumerate over all of the sex she's had since the first time she had sex in the backseat of a car after her prom when she was an 18-year-old virgin. Unleashing the sexual beast within her that prom night, Liz quickly went from prom star, to having sex with anyone interested, to joining the swinging lifestyle, and to having sex while making adult films and becoming a porn star. Certainly, too many sexual partners to remember them all, she's had sex with thousands of men and hundreds of women. If she was born a high priestess thousands of years ago, she'd be considered a Goddess, the Goddess of love and positioned right up there with Aphrodite. The Greeks would have written books and poems about her to chronicle her strong sexual desires and to record the countless sexual partners she's had.

"Goddess Liz, now that you've had your wicked sexual way with that man, should be behead him as we've done with all the others or should he be locked in the dungeon with your father and brother?"

She looked up at her Captain of Arms before looking at his exposed prick. Instead of wearing a uniform, she demanded that all men in her charge be naked below the waist.

"Feed him to the dragon," she said with a disinterested wave of her hand while eating grapes and being fanned by two naked men.

* * * * *

This story is about the sexual confessions of a porn star who made thirteen adult films in Amsterdam in the late 1970's. Several years after the blockbuster Deep Throat and Behind the Green Door were box office successes in 1972 and around the time of Debbie Does Dallas in 1978, Liz made her movies just before the movie Taboo was released in 1980 and Taboo 2 was released in 1982. Under the pretense of earning money while making porn movies in the adult film industry, holding nothing back and with nothing sexual seemingly off limits, this story is about all of the sexual things that Liz willingly did while making adult films.

Definitely, most people, especially those people who aren't swingers and who don't embrace the swinging lifestyle would think of Liz as a slut and/or a whore. Suffice to say that Liz doesn't think of herself as a slut or a whore nor does her husband of thirty-seven years think any less of her. She has more class and more self-respect than that to think that. She more thinks of herself as a sensual, sexual woman who enjoys having sex, an understatement.

Some people may even think of her as being a nymphomaniac. Yet, just because Liz has had thousands of sexual partners, men and women, she's still not the definition of a nymphomaniac. Chiefly, she has control over her life. Just as sex doesn't define her, sex doesn't control her. Whereas a nymphomaniac has no control over her body enough to say no, Liz is able to walk away from a sexual situation.

On the surface, one not so enlightened in the swinging lifestyle would think that not only is Liz a slut but also she's a whore and possibly even a nymphomaniac. Yet, just as we don't think that Joel and Victoria Osteen and their followers are religious zealots because they believe in the power of God, Liz is not a slut, a whore, or a nymphomaniac because she enjoys having sex with multiple of sexual partners. If she's anything, she's a loving women. A free spirit. With her blessed by having so very many feminine attributes, why not share her God given gift with others?

"Really? Seriously?" A man she just met and had never seen before looked at her with disbelief. "You want to fuck me and suck me while your husband watches?"

With her having done this many times before, Liz gave him a sexy smile and a knowing look.

"Yes, I was born to suck and fuck," said Liz falling to her knees, unzipping his fly, pulling out his cock, and taking the pizza delivery man in her mouth.

* * * * *

Some people may think that many of the things that Liz did were dirty, nasty, and even bizarre. Some people may even believe that Liz went too far in her search for the perfect orgasm, but if you asked Liz, she'd say that she had fun and is looking forward to having more fun with many more men and women. To each their own. If anything, all she's doing is satisfying the addendum to her marriage vows, and if there was such an addendum, she'd be in good stead with the Catholic Church. 

"Thank you Elizabeth. That was the best blowjob I've ever had in my life."

She wiped the priest's cum from her lips with her tongue while giving Father O'Malley a sexy look and her husband a long wet kiss. Not swallowing the priest's cum, she had other plans for all that he ejaculated in her mouth.

"Thank you," said Mitch.

Father O'Malley looked from Liz to Mitch before returning his confused focus to Liz.

"He likes it when I snowball the cum of another man in his mouth," said Liz.

Liz gave the priest a sexy smile.

"I see," said the priest. "Well, thank you again for the blowjob."

"You're welcome Father O'Malley."

"In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, I bless your marriage. May you have a long and happy marriage."

* * * * *

Depending on the person and their perception of Liz and Mitch, and the swinging lifestyle, what some may think is too much sex, others may think that she still hasn't had enough sex. If you were to ask her sexual partners, those who are in bed with Liz naked, if she's a slut, a whore, or a nymphomaniac, they'd think that you were the one who's crazy. They'd think that you're the one missing out on a good time by not stripping off your clothes and getting in bed with Liz and/or Mitch.

Yet, even those swingers who were in the swinging lifestyle back then in the late 70's, may have balked at traveling 5,000 miles to make porn movies in the Netherlands. It takes a special someone to travel to such a foreign country to make adult films. Then, again many of the swingers in the swinging lifestyle back then didn't have Liz's looks nor her hot body. No doubt, many of the swingers in the swinging lifestyle were jealous of Liz. Assuredly, while doing what they loved to do, they all wished that they could earn money having sex, instead of giving it away for free.

Unfortunately for them, most swingers aren't someone who an adult film production company would hire to make their films. With most swingers just average looking people at best, albeit people who take pride in their appearance and who are well groomed, still, they're no Liz. Born with a pretty face and a shapely body to match, most female swingers only wished they looked like her. The best they could do is to have sex with her. Moreover, with it the right time and with them in the right place, with Liz and Mitch not yet having started a family, they were free to go wherever, whenever, and to do whatever, and where they chose to go was to Amsterdam, Holland to make porn films.

While Mitch stood off the set behind the cameras, he watched his wife having sex with men and women while making porn movies. Nothing new there, he watched her having sex with lots of men and women while they swapped, played, and participated in the swinging lifestyle. Only, this time, instead of giving it all away for free, Liz was paid to have sex. No longer a lifestyle choice, even though it still was, making porn films was a job and her chosen career.

A chance of a lifetime and an opportunity to make memories they'll have for the rest of their lives, they took swinging to the ultimate level and traveled to Amsterdam to make porn films. More than just a vacation or a business trip, traveling to the Netherlands was an adventure and an all-expense paid career move. Instead of just being a swinger, Liz was an actress and, for all of those men and women who watched her movies, indeed, she was a famous actress. Yet, more than her being a famous actress, she was a porn star.

* * * * *

This story is about Liz's confessions after having lesbian sex, male, female, male, MFM threesomes, gangbang sex with two to five men, BDSM, and watersports fetish sex with feces and urine. It was as if she knew her making porn movies was a prerequisite to her writing her memoirs, Confessions of a Porn Star, thirty-five years later. Different from having swinging sex in the swinging lifestyle, it was her job now to have sex on camera and at the direction of her director with paid actors and actresses. Whatever the writer wrote in the script was her job for her character to do and to make come to life on the big screen. Fortunately for the producer and his director, with her having already done it all before, there was nothing that Liz wouldn't do. 

"Action! Cut! Print!"

One such movie titled, Felicia's Feces Fetish Fascination, showed her having SCAT, fetish sex and golden showers. With Liz being submerged in a barrel of shit and covered from head to toe in defecation, human waste, obviously this is more than most actors and actresses would do in making a pornographic movie. Matter of fact, but for those who are into SCAT, few would even think that such a movie could and would be made. Yet, sex is sometimes a bizarre business with specific taboo turn of events and forbidden fetishes emerging as the sexual norm. Satisfying the customer no matter what their fetish or peccadillo is, is what pornographic movies are all about.

Filming Liz's shit play on location in a hotel room as it happened, there's no faking shit with melted chocolate or some other brown, thick liquid. This was the real deal. This was stinky, smelly, disgusting shit, a whole barrelful of it. Besides, being that all of these B movies are low budget, it was much cheaper to get real human waste than it was to pay some creative company an exorbitant amount of money to make fake poop.

So, do you think making a porn film is fun now? How many of you still want to be a porn star? How many of you would immerse yourselves in shit? Let's see a show of hands. Except for that one man in the back of the room jumping up and down with drool on his lip and with obvious sexual excitement of participating in his SCAT fetish, I didn't think so.

With the steamy, smelly, barrel of feces positioned in a bathtub, as if taking a smelly mud bath, Liz bravely climbed in and submerged herself up to her neck. For her not to be internally exposed, she wore and adult diaper along with a butt plug and pads to block the shitty liquid from entering her pussy. With her covered in shit, the camera wouldn't show her naked pussy and ass until after she the excrement was rinsed off and after the dirty diaper was removed.

At the risk that she could die of suffocation, not to mention be infected with diseases, such as Hepatitis, it was too much of a health hazard for her to submerge herself completely without some form of protection. It was quite enough that she was covered from chin to toe in stinky, smelly, disgusting human, bodily waste. Before climbing out of the barrel of excrement to wash herself, she stood in the shower dripping and reeking of poop while a group of men surrounded her. As if they were about to receive a shitty circle jerk, instead they peed and ejaculated their cum on her shit covered body.

"Eww. Gross."

Alas, how can someone so beautiful, so sexy, and so shapely cover herself with human excrement? Yet, pandering to those who enjoy such a thing, this pornographic Production Company had a penchant for making movies that addressed more than sucking and fucking. Even though their worldwide audiences were fairly small in comparison to other adult film production companies, they had a special, loyal audience who wanted movies that more evoked and inspired their sexual lifestyles.

Moreover, those who were into such things, would pay to watch the movie over and again. Furthermore, their fans were more apt to buy the movie than to just watch the movie. They made movies that covered every sexual nuisance and fetish. Except for underage characters, those actors under the age of 18-years-old, and bestiality, having sex with animals, specifically dogs and horses, nothing else was off limits. Whatever was your fetish or special sexual desire, this adult film company had a movie in their catalogue for you to buy.

Even though I'd never do something like that, some men will pay enormous sums of money for a woman to do this and Liz was one of those women willing to degrade herself for money and for sex. For her to make a movie about Coprophilia, those who are sexually interested in excrement as a sexual fetish and/or enhancement, just shows how much she was committed to having a successful career making adult films. A real trooper, quite the understatement, whatever it took to make the movie and whatever they asked of her to do, she did. Certainly, finding a gold mine when they discovered Liz, this adult film production company didn't have another actress under contract like her.

For sure, as an actress with an aspiring career in porn. She was no AVN award winner, in the way of Linda Lovelace in Deep Throat or Marilyn Chambers as Gloria in Behind the Green Door, but someone with her looks and her sexual skills certainly had a budding career as a porn star. For sure, she was no Debbi Benton as Bambi Woods in Debbie Does Dallas, Barbara Scott as Kay Parker in Taboo, and Sherry McBride and Joyce McBride along with Kay Parker in Taboo II. Yet, in the way that Jenna Jameson did, Liz made a reputation for herself as a young actress to watch while earning a few dollars being paid to do what she loved to do, having sex. Sex, sex, sex, it was all about sex and now all about earning money while having sex, sex, and more sex.

Yet, more than just making movies, while traveling through Europe, she was immersed in a beautiful country with tulips, windmills, wooden shoes, and canals everywhere. They were in Amsterdam, Holland part of the Netherlands on an all-expense paid trip. Predating the United States by nearly five hundred years and nearly three hundred years before Christopher Columbus discovered America, Amsterdam's history dates back to the 12th century. Actually, while constructing the metro, archeologists recently discovered clues of human habitation that dates back to the Neolithic Age, 2600 BCE. Where the United States is infected with crime, violence, and guns, Liz and Mitch were in a safe sexual haven where everything and anything goes, especially back in the 70's, the time of the Beatles and the Rolling Stones, a revolutionary time for sex, while in Amsterdam. 

* * * * * 

This story is about Liz's sexual confessions while she had interracial sex with two, very big and very black, scary men, the stereotypical criminal thugs and bully types who hid behind their muscular bodies and guns. A few years after the box office bonanza Super Fly, these two men played their own version of Super Fly when they unzipped their zippers and pulled out their cocks. Under the guise of making a porn movie, they had their wicked sexual way with Liz in a pool hall and on a pool table while Mitch watched from behind the cameras. Unlike most porn movies at the time, where the plot is literally non-existent, had the cameras not been there, bystanders would think that this was happening real-time.

"Quiet on the set," said the assistant director. "Action," he said slamming shut the heavy, slate scene marker.

The scene begins with two, big, black men barging in a pool hall just at closing time. John, the owner of the pool hall, is there alone with his daughter cleaning up and getting ready to go home. Before she goes away to college in September, he's been living with his daughter after his wife died of breast cancer. With his wife ill for so very long before passing, suffice to say that he hasn't had sex in a very long while. No one knows but for him that he masturbates while fantasizing seeing his daughter naked and having sex with her shapely body.

The scene begins in the interior of the bar. John is working behind the counter while his daughter is sweeping the floor. Liz plays the virginal, daughter, Kathy, the good girl, next door. With the front door already locked and a closed sign hung on the window, suddenly two men enter the back, unlocked door from the alleyway. Kathy was just out there taking out the trash. One man closes and locks the door behind him. Being that this is a porn film, one doesn't need to be a rocket scientist or a movie critic to know what's going to happen next.

One man walks over to John and asks for the money owed him.

"Where's my money?"

John looked at the man with fear.

"I don't have it Tyrone. You need to give me more time. I'll have all that I owe you by next month?"

As if he was a growling Pit Bull, only much more dangerous, the man bared his teeth.
