 Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.

***

Trying to hide publicly what I was doing, I slipped my very-married right hand higher up the thigh of the gorgeous Latina sitting next to me at the fancy hotel restaurant. I'd only met the busty, 18-year-old brunette, and her other two dancer friends of the same age, less than a couple hours earlier in the hotel's lobby. The white tablecloth spilling into the teenager's lap largely hid my arm and hand as it progressed from her naked knee to the bottom edge of her thin shorts, my fingers caressing her silky-smooth thigh as she allowed me to reach higher. Glancing at her face, I saw her biting her lip, also trying to suppress her reaction as this grownup stranger -- me -- was inching closer and closer to her pussy mound.

The exact same thing was happening on my other side as I sat in the restaurant booth, with my left hand caressing the velvety, tanned skin of a blonde 18 year old dancer's thigh. With long, straight golden hair past her petite shoulders and firm, smallish boobies inside a tight tee, the blonde was just as mouthwatering as the gorgeous brunette on my right.

As unfathomable as it was to be about to grope the crotches of two hot teen dancers whom I just barely met, the situation was all the more absurd because the blonde girl's stepfather, Mark, was literally seated across the booth from me and the two girls. But trust me, he wasn't paying attention to where my hands were -- or, if he was, he clearly didn't care. At that moment, the third teen dancer, a skinny, tall girl with long, straight but wavy strawberry hair and the most gorgeous green eyes and thick lips you've ever seen, was seated hip to hip with the guy, and with their faces turned towards each other to whisper something secretly. While both his hands were on the table, their bodies were so close I was certain not just their hips but their legs and knees were probably mushed together under the table.

Nothing like in the very early hours of the next morning -- when the hot brunette would be screaming, "Fuck that's so fuckin' hot!" up in a room of that hotel. With my strong adult hands reaching around her thin torso to grope her meaty C-cup tits, her skinny, bronze body was pumping up and down wildly, her tight teen pussy sliding on my stiff erection reverse-cowgirl style, her long black hair flying in my face behind her. Not that anyone else in the room was particularly listening to her, with the others busily engaged in their own latest moments of bliss in the impromptu, all-night-into-morning orgy. The Latina's squeal could have been referring to just about anything or everything happening around us at that moment.

Maybe she was reacting to the feeling of my extra-thick penis drilling her tight teen pussy -- and not for the first time that evening or early morning. If I had to count, it was probably the fourth time I had my dick inside of her, what between taking turns fucking her friends too.

Or maybe she was screaming from the silky warmth of her redhead teammate's 18-year-old tongue, simultaneously lapping coarsely on her clitoris, while my stranger's cock was stretching her pussylips. The skinny, hot redhead had her small ass stuck up in the air, wiggling around, while she bent down to the bedsheets so she could shove her tongue against the brunette's clitty, while occasionally licking my erection sliding in and out of the brunette's hole.

Or possibly the brunette was squealing at the sight of her blonde, tanned 18-year-old teammate on her back next to all of us on the same bed, also moaning in heightened ecstasy while separately engaged in deep, penetrative sex with her stepfather for the first time ever -- "Uhhhh yesss fuck me Daddy!" the blonde grunted, wrapping her hands and thighs around the nude adult male body fucking her relentlessly.

Yeah, because all of that had me throbbingly, achingly aroused too.

* * * *

This was completely out of character for me, trust me. I've been married almost twenty years and haven't cheated on my wife for over a decade, well, if you don't count a couple alcohol-fueled one-nighters on the road with other adult women. I actually think I have a really functional marriage, my wife is (as far as I can tell) completely devoted and committed to me, and my young kids seem quite happy with both their parents. I don't go on business trips like this one hoping to score pussy.

I guess I'd say, this all happened so surprisingly -- and, what's a horny guy like me supposed to do, when three hot teenage dancers are hitting on me? It was early Sunday evening, around dinnertime locally, and I'd just checked into the hotel after a pretty long flight. In fact I'd already brought my bags up to my room, but came back down to the lobby to see if they had a color printer. I had a business conference the next day, a sort of presentation and a series of sales pitches, and had a supplemental handout I'd done on the flight. None of that matters, except, it put me in the lobby of the hotel.

Two of the girls, the redhead and blonde, were hanging out in the lobby too. They were wearing identical dance team sweats -- zippered, long-sleeve tops and long pants -- embroidered with "DanceXpressions" on the backside, and wispy, colorful curves and stripes on the arms and thighs. The redhead's top was stitched with the name "Lanie," the blonde's with "Alexa." As I passed them I saw them eyeing me and, as sometimes happens with females, their eyes were checking out my very fit chest, flat tummy, and long legs. I enjoy receiving female attention time to time, even if it rarely leads to anything.

But this one time, I found myself in a flirtatious mood, quite attracted to these girls. I actually thought they were college-age, but they told me they were both seniors in high school and on a "senior showteam" for their dance studio. Knowing nothing about dance competitions -- heck, I didn't even know dancers competed -- I stopped to chat with them a bit. Their faces still had excessive amounts of makeup, with eyeliner, eye shadow, rouge, and thick red lipstick. Frankly, they looked like babydolls or something, almost like fantasy characters, but chatty and bubbly and ever so cute. I told them my name (Gary), talked about being in this fairly exclusive hotel for a business meeting the next day, but mostly just wanted to hear about how pretty girls come to a hotel like this for a dance competition.

The thin, tanned blonde, Alexa, was the more talkative of the two, although her taller redhead friend, Lanie, kept eyeing me playfully with a nervous grin. I'd say the redhead was probably around 5 foot 7 or something, quite a bit taller than the blonde, but I still had a good six inches on her myself, so I would look down at her time to time with a friendly grin before turning my attention to the hot blonde. I'm sure they saw me noticing their thin frames, although their sweats didn't show off much shape of their bosoms. Behind the two girls, I saw a third girl in the same sweats, the very attractive Latina brunette with the name "Gina" on her zippered top. She was standing at the front desk with an adult man, a tall, thin guy who definitely didn't look Latin so I presumed it wasn't that girl's father. The brunette was looking over at her two friends chatting with me, and my eyes might have caught the attractive brunette's eyes momentarily a couple of times too. Soon enough, the brunette had wandered over to listen into the conversation I was having with the blonde.

I suspected my fun flirting was coming to an end, as the other adult guy came over to us. Making sure he wasn't going to accuse me of anything untoward, I made sure to lock my eyes on his, give him a big grin, and I stuck my hand out to him. Told him my name, asked if he was the "handler" for this "wild pack of dancers here." He was, said his name was Mark, said they just finished a competition and their team did better than usual. The girls all rolled their eyes and giggled, I suppose, this wasn't the kind of performance they'd hoped to have. Then he told the girls they could do a late check-out the next morning, so they could all sleep in before driving back to their home city.

For a moment, there was that dreaded lull in the conversation, and I expected I'd just excuse myself and let the four go about their evening. But the guy noticed I had a small emblem on my knit shirt, and he pointed at it. "You a grad of Tech State?" he asked hopefully. Indeed I was, as was he. Instantly, we bonded, graduates of the same college basically on the other side of the country from the hotel. How random is that? With the three girls looking bewildered at two adult men talking sports, we quickly established we were a couple years apart -- he was six years my senior -- but lived in the same dorms our freshman years. We both hated our current football coach, were hopeful for the basketball team's chances, and missed the campus.

So my mild, pointless flirtations with a couple hot dancers turned into an invitation to join the four of them for dinner, at the hotel restaurant right behind us. Of course I naturally begged off, not wanting to intrude and so forth, but Mark insisted I join them. Looking at the smiling faces of those three beautiful young women, I wasn't about to turn away from the opportunity.

* * * *

I never really expected dinner with the four of them to be anything beyond innocent, meaningless fun.

Yes, the girls were smoking hot. The girls went up to get changed out of their dance competition outfits, and all came back down in t-shirts and shorts. Fuck, the three of them had unbelievable legs and butts. Creamy, sleek athletic thighs, and tight muscular asses -- the brunette's was the most round but still was nowhere close to fat, while the blonde had a narrow ass and the redhead barely any butt at all on her skinny frame. The redhead had an equally thin torso, while the petite blonde had a bit of curve to her shirt, suggesting smallish breasts. The brunette's chest was unusually large for her thin frame, sporting very obvious round orbs under a pink shirt. I tried not to stare at those three teen bodies, although I'm sure the stepfather caught me checking out the girls.

And yes, we were pretty secluded, as if the five of us were on our first date together. The restaurant was pretty quiet, but they still sat the five of us at a large, semi-circular booth in the back corner. It was almost a private room, with virtually no other patrons dining around us. I found myself between the sexy blonde and Latina, while the blonde's stepfather was paying a lot of attention to the skinny hot redhead -- and vice versa. 

But throughout the most of dinner and dessert, the conversation was entire innocuous. I heard about their dance studio, what their schools were like (none of the three went to the same high school), what some of them would be doing for winter break coming up in a couple weeks. Mark told me about his consulting business, while I tried not to bore everyone with my business ventures. They also told me a lot about their weekend and the dance competition. They'd driven out Friday and would be driving back the next morning, although many of their teammates and their parents were already heading back on a 4-hour drive. The three girls were enjoying their one-night vacation, looking forward to another night at the hotel in one room (the stepdad had an adjoining room) while not having to get up early for dance or school.

While the conversation was innocent, the body language began changing throughout the long meal. The redhead, Lanie, was sitting pretty close to Alexa's stepfather, and the man even had his arm casually stretching over the girl's thin shoulders. The way she looked at him, you could see she had been crushing on him probably the entire weekend, laughing at just about everything he said. He'd turn to whisper things in her ear, burying his goatee and lips in her long strawberry hair, making her giggle repeatedly. Meanwhile, I was looking back and forth between tanned, beautiful Alexa and her long blonde hair, and busty, gorgeous Gina with her big brown eyes, thick lips and full jet-black hair. They were both very sweet girls, bubbly at times, getting very talkative. As my eyes looked at Gina's two big hills on her chest, she'd arch her back to show them off more, biting her lip and staring at me seductively. Then I'd lean over to say something cute to the blonde, who'd lean closer to me and whisper back something flirtatiously.

After the dinner plates had been cleared away and the three girls were waiting for their desserts, I noticed the stepdad and the redhead were hip to hip, shoulder to shoulder, having a private conversation as they spoke ear to ear. Both the girls next to me had gravitated close to me, not so our hips were touching, but I could easy reach out to them if I wanted. They were giving me alluring smiles, their blue and brown eyes wide and gazing at me, both swooning a little in my presence. I could make out their sweet perfumes. Every time I mentioned how pretty or sexy they were, they just batted eyelashes and thanked me, and told me my wife was "pretty lucky" too. I had broached into personal subjects, asking if either had a boyfriend -- Alexa the blonde had dated around, while the Latina had been on dates but hadn't found anyone "interesting" yet. Both girls hardly had free times, with dance filling whatever time they had not at school. The way they answered, it was as if they wanted me to think they were both available.

So, despite one of the girls having her stepfather sitting across the table, I found myself compelled to take a chance. It didn't have to lead to anything, but for a horny married man surrounded by two hot, sensuous teen dancers, I felt it was relatively harmless. Leaning back, I reached both hands under the long tablecloths, placing a palm on each girl's naked knee under the table. Waiting to see if either would move away or shun me, in fact, both girls reacted the same way -- sliding a bit closer to me!

I looked over at the stepfather, who wasn't paying attention to where my hands were.

I kept talking to the blonde and brunette, whispering, asking them about their dance team, practice -- really, anything to sound friendly. The feeling of their smooth, velvety skin against my palms and fingers was my primary focus. Bit by bit I began caressing their inner thighs with my fingertips, tracing my adult hands higher up their legs, my wedding ring on one finger between Alexa's legs. Both girls leaned back a bit, with Gina nervously closing her knees shut a little to momentarily trap my hand, while Alexa parted her knees more for me.

Our voices were hushed now, speaking in short whispers to each other, both girls grinning and blushing. They weren't stopping my fingers, as I passed my hands over the inseams of both shorts. With the wait staff bringing over the desserts and coffee, I did withdraw my hands briefly -- but, as soon as the staff retreated, I put my hands right back onto those naked teenage thighs. No resistance to that. I tried not to interrupt them eating their desserts, just continuing to caress their naked thighs, from knees up to the hemlines of their short shorts, high up their athletic thighs.

When each girl was done with dessert, pushing her plate away, that's when I went for it. I moved both hands simultaneously, higher up their legs, curling my fingers around the crotches of those shorts. Both girls gasped a bit, both spread their legs, allowing me to fondle their cunts through their clothing. My fingers rotating in small circles, applying pressure to those pussies. I felt their shorts (and panties inside) getting moist and warm. The brunette leaned her head forward, noticing me doing the same to her blonde friend. I was watching the stepfather across the table, he and the redhead were gazing into each other's eyes. By that point, I'm sure he knew where my hands where, and he didn't seem to care. His own hand was under the table, too, and that redhead had a glossy, energetic gaze to her hazel eyes, the kind a girl gets when her pussy is being rubbed -- just like the blonde and brunette next to me.

As the waitress was clearing the emptied dessert dishes -- he and I putting our hands back on the table for that -- he looked over at me and, in a low tone, raised the subject of the rest of the evening. It was almost like speaking in code. He asked if maybe I wanted to take Alexa and Gina to see a movie -- or, he even said, take them back to their room or my room, and rent a movie on the TV? Clearly, he wasn't trying just to be nice to me. He wanted to get alone with the redhead, and I was a convenient excuse to occupy the attention of the other two girls.

Basically, I interpreted that, it was OK if I tried to fuck these other two girls -- he wanted to fuck the redhead.

Trying to remain completely casual, I leaned back and shrugged about the offer, as if I had better plans than spending some time with two gorgeous and horny 18 year old dancers. Truthfully, I had been planning to get some sleep that evening, it would be a long day the next. But hanging out in a hotel room with the blonde and brunette was definitely a more compelling offer than sleep. The only thing I did have to do, of course, was call back to "management" and check in with my wife. Naturally I was feeling guilty, fondling the bodies of two teen girls with my very married hands; but I also was covering myself, if I didn't call the wife, she'd get suspicious, concerned or insulted.

I told the guy, I could be by their room in a half-hour to get the girls -- if they still wanted to do something. He told me the number. I excused myself, winking at both girls, promising I'd see them soon.

* * * *

It was probably closer to an hour, when I found myself knocking on the girls' hotel door. It had been a really long hours for me, too. I wrestled with my conscience, then soothed it by talking to my wife and kids in a very fun and sweet call. Throughout the call, I promised myself, I'd be good that evening, and pass on the set-up with the two teenagers. And even as my call ended, I took out my clothing for the next morning, telling myself that I would just go to bed right then.

But ... the memory of having my hands on those two teenage crotches, the looks of those two hot girls at me, and knowing how sexy and tight their butts and bodies looked in their shorts. I couldn't say no to all that.

I took a quick shower, shaved with my electric razor, put on some cologne, changed into clean underwear, and headed up for their room.

The mood in that bedroom was energized, as they let me into it. Immediately I detected the aroma of the room -- wet pussies. Seriously, I could smell it, and all three girls had that look of lust in their faces. All three were really nervous, too. The redhead was sitting on the bed with the stepfather, both of them with backs against the headboard side to side. The other two girls were milling around the room. No one had changed their clothing, except for removing shoes or flip flips so all four were barefooted.

Trying to remain relaxed, I nonchalantly stood at the foot of the bed, talking more to the stepfather. It was meaningless small-talk, almost time-wasting. I might have been waiting for him to suggest I take the girls someplace, as it didn't feel right for me to initiate the hookup. I might have been waiting for one of the girls to suggest leaving, too. Instead, both of them migrated to my sides, same sides they had been sitting beside me at the restaurant in fact -- the blonde on my left, the Latina on my right. I slipped my arms outwards, hands across their lower, petite backs, holding them hip-to-hip with me while everyone was talking about nothing in particular.

Finally, the stepfather broke the monotonous, boring conversation, looking at his tanned stepdaughter. "You wanna go hang with Gary and Gina back in his room," suggested the horny adult man, "or maybe go out somewhere." That was sort of an empty alternative; it was Sunday evening on a wintery night in a sleepy business district, so I doubt we would have found much "somewhere" to entertain ourselves.
