 Apologies for the premature ejaculation of the first version of this story. I wanted to try writing first-person, but failed to be consistent. Working full time and going to college part time, I also tend to write this stories quickly when time permits, so again my apologies for the sloppiness.

*

Chapter I - Football Fun Bucket

Here is my first confession. My name is Kim, and which is all you are going to get. A white Jewish girl from Oregon, pale skin with large tits, long legs, and a nice firm ass. My hair is brown with a hint of red, very curly and thick. My eyes are green. Large, pink nipples, and dark skin around my vagina and anus.

I am an only child and home schooled, so I didn't get to experience must in high school, or have many friends. But in medical school I made up for this later in life, and began my adventures in my mid twenties. We homeschoolers might be antisocial, but we made up for it in education. And for my part, I wonder if it had not made me a nympho, too.

I think I've always had a high sex-drive. When my parents were away, since I was sixteen, I'd go around the house naked. It felt good. The house was mostly made of glass, built next to a lake, and no neighbors could see. But anyone hiking in the woods could, and that aroused me. A creek went through our courtyard and out into the lake. I often skinny dipped in our heated pool, and if it was warm enough, in the lake itself.

I masturbated a lot, but was a virgin until I met Killian. That is another story. For now, I need to get this story off my tits, first. Well, not entirely a virgin, as I popped my own cherry with a dildo, and learned they gave me rashes. My pussy would only allow bareback flesh inside it.

But back to my first confession. Sigh... this is going to be tough. But I have to do it. My therapist insists on it. I'm thirty-five now, and I have a problem. So I have to explore where the problem began.

Here I go. Age twenty-seven at my house, hosting a football game for Killian and his friends.

- - -

I sat next to Killian during the playoffs, and tried my best to be as interested as he and his friends were. I knew a few of his friends, but most of them were strangers. All in their twenties or early thirties, of different shapes and sizes.

I leaned against him and whispered into his ear. "I didn't know you had so many friends."

"I just know Martin, Cedric, and Lucas, babe. Those are their friends. It's just a football party, don't worry."

I put a hand on his thigh to let him know I was horny, and kissed him. A slow, warm kiss with a little tongue. I was horny as fuck that morning, and hadn't had a chance to make love before Killian left to go get supplies for the party.

Unusual, that. Especially when I wasn't fertile and he could cum all he wanted in my pussy. He usually did in the mornings before he went to work. A Pump & Run they liked to call it. I came easily with quickies, so I didn't mind.

But not this time. I had the morning to wander the house naked and think of him, but then had to get dressed by noon. I had hoped for a quickie when Killian got to my house. He could only sleep over when my parents were away, so it was a rare weekend they had together. Sleeping and fucking all day and night.

"Come on, baby. A quickie in the bedroom?" I whispered.

"We will, don't worry. I want you really hot and bothered, first."

"Why?"

"Because you're really fucking hot when you're really horny."

He lifted a beer glass to my glass, smiling. I was already getting buzzed.

"Man, what a nice house," one of Cedric's friends said from the football team at college. Cedric was in football himself, a large black man with a goatee and green eyes. His friends were big men as well, and nice to watch. "This is your girl's house, Killian?"

"My parents," I replied, surprised to sense I was slurring a little. "So don't make a mess."

"Aw, hell no. We won't, girl," he smiled at me.

I was bored. I just didn't care enough to learn it or be interested. The human body is what fascinated me. Arteries and cells, brains and hearts, and dead bodies didn't bother me one bit.

I wore a simple yellow summer dress and white high-heels. Since it had a revealing slit down the center, I kept modest with a white sports bra underneath. White panties as well, which I normally did not wear. I liked going without underwear for Killian, and lesson the barriers between his cock and my pussy.

Thinking of sex was driving me nuts. Why was I so horny that day? Because of the other men? Some of them were definitely very handsome, no doubt about it. But I knew all of Killian's friends had girlfriends or were in committed relationships. I sometimes wondered what I would do if Killian cheated on me, and found it more arousing than I thought I should have. I thought of cheating on him sometimes, but didn't.

But fuck, if he did not fuck me soon, I might be open to a fling in the courtyard amongst the rose garden or in the forest outside!

But why was I so horny that day? I think now on it, and I have no idea. I don't even watch porn. I didn't like porn, as it just seemed demeaning and lacked any creativity. Erotic novels were much better. The idea of a gang-bang did occur to me, and what it would be like. I had seen it in porn, but could not imagine it was real, with any real emotions involved.

Right now, I just wanted half-time to come so I could get laid by Killian. I should have known he was being resistant on purpose that day.

By half-time, I was buzzing hard. And getting pissed, and said the stupidest thing ever.

"Damn it, Killian! Let's go to the bedroom. If you don't fuck me, maybe one of your friends will!"

The look on his face was priceless. Not one of concern, but as if a challenge had been made, and he had been waiting for that challenge the whole time.

"Really?" Killian said in his infuriating, self-confident tone. He was a man that had an eight-inch dick, and knew it, after all. "I dare you."

Some of the guys made catcalls and other sounds.

I gave him a dark look, wanting to call his bluff, but at the time I was just talking shit. Or had I been? I don't know. Maybe the beer and my pussy were both talking at the same time.

Standing in front of him while he sat on the couch, legs spread imperiously and with insufferable contentment, I pulled my panties off beneath my dress, and held them up with one hand for all to see, and stared at Killian.

The men were going nuts then, making a racket. I ignored them and focused only on my boyfriend.

"You getting pussy from someone else I don't know about? Maybe that's why you can't get it up?"

Now Killian showed signs of being stunned. "What the fuck, babe?"

I pulled my sports bra off next, careful not to show my tits. Once off, the dress revealed the swell of my breasts nicely down the center. Revealing, but not distasteful.

"Go ahead, take it all off," Killian challenged. "I don't mind showing off my girl."

I might have, too. But there were thirteen men in that room, and that did not seem like a good idea.

"I will in my bedroom. I'll be naked, legs spread, and waiting for you. And if still nothing happens, I'm going to turn on my stomach and not care who climbs in and takes me."

"Oh, snap! That is one horny girl! Killian, dude. You have your orders, bro!"

But Killian surprised me and grabbed my arm, and then forced me down on the couch next to him. I struggled a little, but in truth I liked it. But I was still pissed. I slapped him, and he pinned me down and kissed me. I had to remember I wasn't wearing any panties and keep my legs closed. Shit, that was dumb, I remember thinking.

He kissed me while pinning me down flat. I felt a boob come out and had to hold my hand over it. Shit!

The men, of course, were tripping over themselves to see the new show. Football was forgotten. Fucking perverts would watch us fuck, I was sure of it.

I remembered thinking that I would not have minded that, but then the burning shame of humiliation. But for what? These guys had probably seen porn, and I maybe I sounded a little conceited, but I knew I was hotter than most porn stars!

Killian was hard, and I could feel it. He kissed my neck, and I found myself gasping for air, and wet between the legs. I think I pissed a little, I was so hot and bothered. And angry!

Then his mouth found my tit, and he sucked on one, and then the other, right in front of his friends!

"What the fuck, Killian! No!"

He stopped and got off of me. I was grateful he still respected that no meant no. Holy shit, that was close!

I sat there for a moment. I was flushed, and knew I was probably bright red. All these fucking feelings went through my body that my mind was trying to process. Lust, shame, embarrassment, desire, wanting to give in, and wanting to get the hell out of there. I felt like a bunny amongst wolves.

But then I remembered something about my history lessons. I had been home schooled, after all. I knew far more about history than probably ever stupid boy in the room.

Lupa. The word for whore. But also the word for wolf. Prostitutes were considered predators, and actually feared in Roman society. Some thought it might be because of the Carthaginians and Phoenicians, societies where sex priestesses seemed to rule over society.

Why should I be the victim here? What did I want out of this? I wanted something. I wanted ... sex. I wanted cum. I wanted orgasms. School was fucking hard, and life was short, and I wanted to escape.

Killian sat next to me, and my head swam in booze and rationalizing my emerging self-identity as a slut. But that wasn't right, either. I didn't see myself as a slut. I did not want attention, or men to like me, or Killian to love me.

I didn't love Killian. I was not in love with him. I thought I had been. But I realized just then. I wanted his cock, not his love. I always had.

I got on top of Killian, straddling him, and kissed his mouth passionately. He was still hard as a rock beneath his blue-jeans. I pulled one side of the summer dress over enough for a nipple to appear in his face, and he took it violently in his mouth. I whimpered and moaned, oh god how it felt so good!

Then beneath my dress I unbuckled his belt, got his dick out, and let it slide into my wet, pantiless pussy. It stretched me open, and I loved how that felt. My opening being forced wide, and then a hot, throbbing piece of flesh slipping into me made my eyes flutter.

Killian moaned, and I started riding him.

"Holy shit, they are fucking during the football game!"

"What the fuck, Killian? Can't you take that shit to your room?"

"Dude, shut up! This is great! Look at her tits!"

"Wow."

"Damn!"

Hearing the awe in their voices coincided with an orgasm that made my toes curl. I came easy, thank god. Every orgasm was different for me, but no matter how small or quick, they were intense.

Then I had the worst idea of my life. And leaned forward and whispered in Killian's ear.

"Pimp me out. Make them pay for it."

"What? You're not serious," he whispered back, holding my head firmly in his big hand, his thumb on my cheek.

"I know you were hoping this would happen," I said. "You want to pimp me out to your rich friends."

Killian's eyes went wide, and then he smiled, and then he kissed me. They fucked for a few more minutes, but I had cum already. I was just waiting for him to.

But when he did, I came again feeling his hot sperm filling my pussy and squeezing between my vaginal wall and his cock. My eyes rolled to the back of my head as I leaned backwards, his shaft making my belly bulge a little beneath the dress.

Then I embraced him again, and whispered into his ear. "You want to pimp me out, don't you?"

"Yes."

I got off off him, still trying to be modest, and looked as cum oozed from my shaved pussy. It felt wonderful. And the looks I got felt even better. Pure awe, as if I were a goddess.

Killian put his dick away, dripping with their cum, and pushed me onto my knees on the couch. God I was drunk. Fuck. What was I thinking?

"OK, so who wants a piece of her? She's still horny. Any takers?"

No one said a word. I pretended to be drunker than I was, and got on my hands and knees on the couch, high-heels still on. Killian lifted my dress up and showed everyone my ass and pussy, which quivered with desire as if they were alive by their own accord. Damn, I was fucking horny.

I could feel sperm coming out. I looked between my hanging tits and saw it was dripping. Maybe that would gross them out.

"Damn, I'm game," said Cedric, unbuckling his belt.

Killian blocked his way, hand up. "Nah man, you gotta pay. I want to buy her some nice things. Consider it like a GoFundMe account, but you get pussy for your charity."

Cedric smiled. "How much?"

"I think at least a hundred and twenty bucks. She's no slut. She's clean. And you can cum in her without worrying about pregnancy."

Some of them whistled, and others shook their head as if this had gone too far. I can't say how many times I wanted to chicken out and runaway.

But I was so fucking horny, it hurt. Killian fucking me barely sated my appetite for more.

"I don't have that kind of cash."

"Then go get some."

"I got that kind of cash," said someone else.

I didn't want to know who said what. I didn't want to know any of the men. I just wanted one thing from them. Dick. And lots of it.

When I felt myself being mounted, and someone's penis press against my cum-filled cunt, I shuddered. I was as frightened as a itten, and felt my legs shaking.

But once I started getting pumped, I moaned and pushed back against them. That wonderful feeling of being stretched. My vagina was muscle that liked exercising. The more it got worked, the tighter it got.

I felt another explosion of cum inside me, and screamed in orgasm.

"Damn, she really likes it. Keep the train coming, boys!"

I could see Killian collect cash from each of them. One hundred and twenty bucks from each. It was thrilling, and cheap, and demeaning, and wonderful. I was selling my body, not myself.

My body was not me. Just something to use, and that was liberating. I didn't say a word as they used me one by one. And boy did they use me! I loved how their balls slapped my clitoris.

But Killian started getting creative. "Ok, if two of your spitroast her at the same time, it will be a bargain. Two-hundred dollars for both."

Parallel with the couch, I started getting cock in my face while I was fucked from behind. I wasn't sure if I was ready for that. But I didn't have much time to object with cock shoved down my throat.

Lucky for me, I had learned to take Killian's huge dick down my throat many times. So it wasn't so bad. But it was bad. I choked and grunted a lot. I got no pleasure being face-fucked. I could not breathe normally, and it was scary as fuck. But combined with my pussy being pounded over, and over, and over again, it somehow enhanced the feeling. Fuck it, I told myself.

I came so far when the first guy came in my mouth. I swallowed most of it. Some of them were salty. Some tasted gross. Some tasted fantastic. I didn't care.

"Anal is going to be three hundred bucks, as that is a limited thing she can handle."

I felt relieved, as I hadn't thought about anal. I liked it with Killian, but he had to be gentle and slow with me. My dress was long gone as they started fucking me in different ways. Some came on by tits and stomach. Others on my ass. I was covered in dry come. Thirteen guys was a lot. But the gangbang seemed to keep them going, and keep at it. Some of them had to have come more than five times that day, I think. It's not like to could keep count.

Many of them left to go get more money. It was nuts! I could not believe it. But then I remembered that these guys were paying for something that would normally be considered rape.

But when some came up with the three hundred dollars for my ass, that's when I started worrying.

"Seriously?" Killian said. "You are that fucking loaded?"

"For a fine piece of ass like that? A real woman that likes it? You bet."

I looked at Killian and glared. What had he gotten me into? But I knew I had gotten myself into this.

"Wait a minute. Hold up! He said three hundred bucks because we didn't think anyone would take it seriously," I said.

"What, you've never done it in the ass before?"

"Yeah, which is why I know it fucking hurts at first."

"More booze," Killian said, clearly wanting me to go through with it.

I went over to a table with a fresh beer, popped the tab, and drank the whole thing. I was going to need a good hard, buzz for this. I did want to be fucked in the ass. I just wasn't ready.

Then I got on all fours and got ready.

"Killian, make sure they use plenty of lube, babe."

Killian himself got the vaseline and fingered my anus with it. One finger, and then two, and then I hissed with three stretching my poor anus. Best lube around, petroleum jelly. The expensive shit just gave me rashes. But not the simple stuff.

"Alright, I'm ready."

"Do you want to look back at my package, baby?" said the stranger whose name I didn't remember, nor give a shit about.

"No. Just get it done."

Soon I felt something against my anus, press against it, and I braced myself. I even started breathing harder. Three hundred dollars? Shit, that was a lot of money. Maybe I should charge more next time?

Then I felt my anus stretch more than I was ready for. Holy shit! This guy was big! I hissed and grunted as it went in, and squealed a little, too.

"Shit! What the fuck? Take it easy!"

"I am! I'm working it in slow!"

I looked around and saw every guy in there was behind me, watching me getting ass-fucked. Best show on earth. Boring football long forgotten.

I felt more cock slip in, and it was fucking intense! My pussy quivered, and cum got squeezed out of it and puddled on the couch. No one seemed to care how much cum was in my pussy when they fucked me. They just added more, and more came pouring out.

But now I was getting it in the ass. I looked down my stomach and big tits and saw his big, white nuts. Huge balls. God, it was so arousing seeing a man's balls attached to a dick inside me. I knew the cum inside them would soon be pumped into my body where it belonged, and that was awesome.

It was like nature itself had programmed me to love being a cum bucket for men. I felt powerless to resist my slutty call. Spread your legs and get fucked, Mother Nature whispered into my ear.

Or was that Satan?

I screamed when he went really deep.

"Sorry!"

"Don't be a fucking coward. You paid for it, now fucking blow your nuts into my ass!" I said.

That got him going. He grabbed my waist and started pumping my ass harder. Fuck it hurt deep inside at first. A dull ache. I had to will myself to relax and just take it like the bitch I was.

Then I felt a little pop, like a muscle letting go. My inner muscle maybe giving up on trying to keep this guy's big dick out. Then it started feeling really good.

My anus could feel it the most. A dick sliding back and forth, and that felt awesome. I had no real feeling deep inside me. But the feeling of being violated so deeply had its own strange allure.

"Oh man, that feels so good," the guy breathed. "So hot and hot. Damn, I'm going to nut in her ass!"

They cheered him on, and he pounded into me hard and fast. Then he stopped, and I waited to feel something inside me. But I didn't. I didn't cum, but I got damned close.

I found myself wanting more. So I looked back and smiled.

"Come on, anyone else got three hundred bucks?"

The guy pulled his dick out my ass, and it felt weird and gross. I squeezed my anal muscles shut to keep the cum in, then lifted my head and body up straight and looked around.
