 Chapter II - Enjoy My Beach

Hi. The Lupa is back. My name is Kim, in case you did not remember. My next story takes place at a beach. A private beach my relatives own. Yeah, they are rich. Far richer than my own parents.

And I was losing my pale skin to a light tan, despite all my sunblock and umbrellas. Oh well, I tanned pretty good at least. The humidity made my black hair curl naturally, which was cool. The salt water did wonders for my body and hair.

I kept my pussy shaved, except for black pubic hair. I liked being a woman, and I needed to make sure my clients knew I was a woman, and not an underaged girl that could not yet grow pubic hair.

I painted my toe and fingernails bright red, my favorite color. So every day I got my towel and nothing else, walked from the beach patio of the house, down the precarious pathway nestled in cliffs, and to my own private beach cove. A small waterfall was nearby giving fresh water, perfect for rinsing the salt away. Palm trees provided plenty of shade. The place was a paradise.

On each side was a fence, but I opened the gate to welcome people to use my beach. The signs said no trespassing, but I put up a second sign saying ... If Gate Open, Enjoy My Beach. No Litter Please.

Joggers wandered in mostly, who normally had to turn around at my fence. A few women saw me naked, blushed, and turned around. Men, however, stared at me in awe, and left more slowly.

As the days went by, more men began to go there and hang out, go for a swim. Seeing me naked, a few were bold enough to do the same. A few men approached me and said hello, getting a closer look at my body. Then they would get erections, blush, and depart.

Then one day...

"Is this your beach?"

"Yep," I replied.

"I guess it's legal for you to go nude then, huh?"

"Yep."

"That's cool. But why open the gate? I never would."

"Why should I have it all to myself?" I shrugged.

"You should at least charge."

"I do."

"You do?"

"Well, for the use of anything more than my beach," I said coyly.

I got over being judged a long time ago. But it was still naughty and rebellious to be a whore. Most people just didn't handle it well. This man turned bright red and left without another word.

"Have a good day," I had called out after him.

The days passed, and soon I had a bunch of men on my beach casually chatting it up with me, as naked as I was, and of all shapes and sizes which I did not mind.

They all had to have known I was whoring myself out by then, but were reluctant to put it to the test. All that money just sitting there, waiting for me to collect.

Seeing one handsome Latino nearby with a huge package, I smiled at him often. He clearly liked me, and wasn't just there to use my beach. He was there for me, I could tell. Even semi-erect, he was a fucking god, and I wanted his dark cock inside me so badly.

I got up and went for a swim, and then walked back to his beach blanket to say hi, dripping wet for his enjoyment.

"Hi."

"Well, hello gringa. How are you?"

I went and sat down next to him. "Mind if I sit down?"

"A beautiful woman like you asks to sit down with me? I must be dreaming."

"Maybe. You like my beach?"

"I do, senorita. Though, I have heard rumors that the owner prostitutes herself."

I pretended to be scandalized, mouth wide open and everything. Then as casually as I could, I reached over and touched his penis, rubbing its length.

"I have heard such a rumor, too. Perhaps because I am the owner, and the source of it."

Now he blushed, while also looking down at my pale hand on his dark, hardening cock.

"I would be both disappointed, and tempted," he said. "Such a beauty as you, why not find a rich man and settle down?"

"Would you rather I not sell my body now?"

He chuckled a little, looking me over, drinking me with his Latin eyes. Oh how he wanted me. I got up on my knees and took his beautiful dark cock into my mouth, tasting salt and precum, and loving it.

He leaned back flat and moaned, groaning with what almost sounded like guilt. I grabbed his testicles gently, feeling their weight and softness. What a wonder to be a man, I thought. What was it like? They were full of cum, and I wanted to fucking drain them.

"So how much?" he moaned.

I took him down my throat all the way, my lips to his trimmed pubic hair, and it swelled down my throat. I no longer gagged after much practice with Killian. Then I let it slide out of my throat as my eyes locked with his, and smiled as it fell from my mouth. He was as hard as a rock now.

Then on my knees, playing with his cock, I showed him my menu on my phone, and he read it over.

His eyes went wide. "And if want to sixty-nine you, before anyone else fucks you today? Had anything else?"

I smiled, tilted my head thoughtful and looked into the sky like a ditz ... men liked that ... touched my lower lip with one finger, and then decided. "Same price for Option 2."

"OK, but I have no cash."

I shook my phone at him. "Chip reader built into the case."

He got his credit card out.

"Not yet," I said, pulling out a pen from the case. I took his finger, pricked it, and waited for the results. He jerked his hand away.

"What is that?"

"A blood test. I'm not doing business with anyone infected with a disease. I'm not stupid."

He seemed greatly impressed by this. "To my shame, I am so bedazzled by you, that I had not thought of that. May I see how it works?"

I showed him the screen, and his negative results. "You're clean as a whistle. Now your credit card."

The beach was sunny and bright, and I began to sweat in it. The white sand, pale limestone cliffs, palm trees and waterfall nearby only made the whole affair truly wonderful for me. I felt all powerful and horny, like Aphrodite.

My phone beeped, and I had him enter the choice of three options. He picked Option Two ... Oral Sex with Optional Interncourse within One Hour.

I got to work at once, putting my shaved pussy in his face and laying on his stomach with my stomach, his cock in my face.

I was startled by how quickly he dug in with his mouth and tongue. But it only made me want his cock in my mouth more, and his cum in my belly where it belonged.

I looked around as I filled my throat with Latin cock, one hand around his balls, the other around his shaft as it pumped when I came up for air. I had an audience. The men around me were watching, and their cocks were hardening. I was soon going to have a lot of business.

But I took my time, and gave my Latin John ... or Juan ... his hour. Pulling his foreskin back, and sucked that cock eagerly. And he ate me out eagerly as well, his lips and tongue working wonders. I stifled my moan as I came. Fortunately I was not a squirter.

When he came, I kept the head in my mouth as his hot cum filled my mouth, then swallowed when full. He filled it a second time nearly, and I swallowed again. He moaned as he came, as did I. I smiled at the other guys as I showed some of his cum on my tongue.

Then I turned around and straddled him, putting his cock into my pussy. It had only been fifteen minutes by then, and he was still hard.

"Senorita, that was amazing. And already you take me into you," he breathed, reaching up to cup my tits and play with my hard, aroused nipples.

I rode him slowly, making love to the stranger, feeling his wonderfully large cock deep inside me. It had softened a little, but I gave him time.

He leaned up and took his tit into his mouth, and I held his head up to help. He made my nipples hard, and I liked seeing them in his mouth.

I slowly worked him to his full hardness again, leaning back and letting my breasts gloriously show, or forward and letting them hang on his sweaty chest. I was sweating profusely now.

Nearing the full hour, he grabbed my waist and thrust himself up into me as I worked him, and exploded into me with a loud groand. I groaned with him, loving the feeling of his balls draining into me.

Shuddering with orgasm, and taking a moment to recover, I smiled down at him. "Your hour is up. Satisfied?"

"Very much," he whispered. "Oh, very much."

I got off of him, feeling his cum slipping out and down one leg as I stood up. "Thank you for your business."

Then I went and put my phone on my own beach blanket, and then walked to the rolling waves to go for a swim. A few men joined me.

"That was one hell of a show," one man called out. "Was that a friend?"

"No, just a client."

I got out of the water dripping, the saltwater cleaning and refreshing, and fingered the cum out of my cunt.

Lots of men started talking after that, but I kept it businesslike.

"Look, guys. If you want me, you have to pay. This is business and pleasure. But business first."

Then I put my sign up with my prices, and several men stared at it. A few walked away, as if me not being a slut had turned them off. Others stared in wonder, unsure how to proceed.

Well, I helped them out...

Cum in Kim Rates:

Option D - Doggy-Style Discount - $100

15m to pump and dump!

Option S - Sideways Sale - $80

15m sideways while I read or service a second client, or read a book.

Option O - Oral Application - $120 ($80 if Option S occurring)

15m Blow-job. I always swallow. Bring a friend for the discount.

Option P - Pig Roast - $300

15m on hands and knees only, two guys at same time, pump and dump.

Option A - Anal Application - $300

15m to cum in my ass. It's tight, and not cheap!

Option B - Backbreaker - $120

30m - Good ole missionary style, but take you time, cum more than once if you can! Cum in me, on tits, or in my mouth!

So that was my menu for all to see on my big sign. Then I put my color-coded stakes up for each option, and made it clear a line should form.

"Everyone waits their turn. Multiple folks in line get quicker service."

---

I got one Pig Roast that day, leaving my throat fucked raw. I still came hard being done from behind, but the ejaculation straight into my tummy took some getting used to. $300 bucks might not be enough.

Many young guys did Option S, five in a row waited in line to spoon me on my side while I suck dick. I was hoping to get some reading in while I got used, but it just wasn't going to happen that day.

Laying on my side, ass out, one leg bent, my pussy sideways, it got pumped a lot. Cum oozed from it after each cock pulled out, and it rolled down my thigh. Meanwhile I sucked guys off, playing with their balls and pumping their shafts with my hand.

It was pretty industrial, but I fucking loved it. After ten guys that way, I went for a swim to freshen up for the next line of men waiting.

Four guys waited in Option B, so I got on my back and spread my legs. They took their time, getting their money's worth of half and hour each. I even played with two cocks while being fucked by the client, keeping them nice and hard for their turn.

One came in me. Another came on my big tits. Two of them came in my opened mouth, and I smiled while doing my duty. They loved it, and so did I.

I then had to pay attention to the two guys in Option A. Shit! I got out the petroleum jelly and lubed them up myself, as I was not going to trust my clients for that. Then I got on my belly, spread my legs, and braced myself for the ass-fucking.

It always hurt at first, but I got into it, and grunted with the pounding. Having an audience of men watching enhanced the sensation. Whoever was fucking me dug deep into my guts, really fucking me hard.

The second guy was larger, but by then my muscles had relaxed and I could take it like a champ. $600 bucks in half and hour from those two. Then I went for a swim. They would just have to wait!

The next guy wanted me on my knees for a blowjob all for himself. Grabbed my hair and had his way with my mouth and throat. I opened my mouth for him to openly ejaculate into my mouth, and other men cheered.

I got three more that wanted to do that, until my jaws could handle no more.

My blood-tester was put to the test every time. Only once did I have to glare at a guy who came up positive for an STD. I just showed him his shame, and he left without a word.

Later, three more wanted anal sex, and I took it. One black guy was huge, and I could feel his cum deep in my guts. He must have cum a gallon. The last one after him hurt and left my anus raw.

"Sorry, guys. Anal is off the menu for the rest of the day."

They cheered, and did not complain. Some of them never fucked me, they just came to watch. I remember thinking I was going to have to charge for admission next time. And I did the next day I was open for business, the gate closed and a new fee of $20 for enter my beach territory.

The rest of the day, under the shade of palm trees, I got some reading done while on my side, or on my back, and just let my customers pay me and fuck me. I didn't go for a swim for hours, and found myself drenched in cum.

The men must have loved me like that. Jizz on my face, my tits, my stomach, and my legs. And certainly oozing from me. It was crazy how much my pussy could handle. A muscle that only got stronger, not weaker, with each pumping.

I got fucked until sunset, and several times by the same client. They paid, each and everyone one of them. And I made thousands.

The next day I was closed for business, the gate shut, and I recovered by myself on my beach naked. My pussy was sore. My anus still ached. And my throat was raw enough that I could not speak very well. But I made over ten thousand dollars from a score of men I had lost count of.

In one fucking day.

Three days later I was ready for more. With the entrance fee just to watch I made fifteen thousand. I started a reservation system for anal sex, as too many were starting to want it. I raised my ass rate to $500, and I still got it.

Sometimes I straddled men and made them cum. Sometimes I just lied there and took it. Sometimes I got bent over and fucked by a line of men. Whatever fantasy they wanted, within reason. And all out in the open, on a beach, being watched.

Men seeing each other fucking one girl seemed to invigorate them, and make them want more. Liked a competition of who could fuck me the most, or make me cum the hardest.

And oh how I came. Even little orgasms, and big ones, and long, drawn out shuddering ones. Different orgasms from different men, all slightly unique. Even when I did not come, I fucking loved the feeling of it.

But soon I had too many men showing up as word spread, and I had to shut it down. I kept the numbers of my favorite clients. Rich men who would become long-term and discrete. Including the Latino, Philippi, who had first taken a chance hiring me in front of an audience.

Well, there is my second confession for my therapist. Not sure what this is supposed to do for me, but make me horny.