 Authors note: Thanks to all of you who have read my previous two stories I hope you like this one! If you love it or if you hate it leave a comment let me know I am still new at this—feedback is welcomed. Enjoy. 

Thank you so very much to SlaveGirl70 for the invaluable advice and the editing. 

***** 

I waited all week for this moment all week to get Chris alone in a bed—not in a bathroom stall in between classes, not in a closet at some party—in his room where we could truly let loose. He lay on the bed, already down to his boxers; a little tipsy from the party we just left but still puffing on a joint. His chiseled frame had a slight glow to it from the lamp, his abs and pecs cast shadows across his body as he inhaled deeply, staring at me, waiting for me. 

His eyes were glossy and red from his intoxicated state and yet they still looked impossibly deep. I could see his cock pressing against his boxers as he watched me strip slowly for him. I wanted him to savor this moment as he peered at me through a cloud. I wore a simple flowered sundress with spaghetti straps and flip-flops which I immediately kicked off. I rubbed my body tenderly, allowing my hands to caress my curves, turning around bending over slightly to give him a view of my ass. I never wore panties when I was around him. It was a rule I made up for myself and I had been so consistent with it he believed I never wore them. I smoothed my dress along my ass and moaned as I raised the back of my dress up slightly just to expose a bit and let it go. 

"What would you like to see, Mr. President?" I used his class president title at all times no matter who we were around—it was another rule I made up for myself. Not only did it inflate his ego, it turned me on to say it with nothing but lust dripping off my tongue. 

"Show me those tits, baby," he moaned. 

He wasn't as commanding as he used to be, but I let him slide for the time being. Hopefully a tease and more smoking would frustrate him enough to take me like he should. I slowly dipped one shoulder and let the strap fall, pulling my arm from it and letting the dress fall slightly on the right side only, exposing more of my back to him. 

"That's not my name Mr. President," I said, slowly turning around and dropping my other shoulder out of my dress, cupping my breast to keep the dress up and them hidden from him until I got what I needed. 

"Who am I, Mr. President?" I asked as sexily as I possibly could even though I hated reminding him of what I needed from him. 

He exhaled heavily, "Show me those tits, SLUT. I'm tired of playing this game with you." I immediately dropped the dress to my waist and leaned forward, using my arms to keep the dress up while I twisted my nipples for him. I wanted to show him that if he did what I liked, he got what he wanted. But he didn't always get the picture. I was far too horny to let him mess this up, so I teased him more. 

"Oh really, Mr. President? Are you tired of fucking your good slut, or do you want to see more? Please Mr. President, tell me you want to see more. My pussy is so ready for you, please don't be mad at me." I feigned a subtle hurt tone into my tease, hoping he would have enough of the baby act and just take me. Instead, it had the opposite effect. 

He got up from the bed, put his joint out and gathered his arms around me, pulling me to his chest. His embrace was tender and his heartbeat strong, as he held me and whispered in my ear how he could never be mad at me. He lifted my chin to meet his eyes and kissed me passionately running a hand through my hair holding the back of my head as our tongues danced. I held his back letting my dress fall, giving him the emotional embrace he desired. 

He began to lean me down on the bed, only breaking contact for a moment to remove his boxers and position himself on top of me. His cock was swollen and ready—I knew he was ready to take me, so I did not resist him. I inhaled deeply as he bit my neck lightly and followed it with kisses, I arched my back to have my chest meet his and spread my legs wide for him while lightly scratching his back, letting my body beg him for the cock inches from my waiting slit. 

It was I who was taking the teasing now as he moved from one side of my neck to the other, threatening to leave a hickey but never quite getting close enough, no matter how hard I held his head in place to encourage him to mark me. 

"Ooooh yes, fuck me Mr. President, please take your slut," I moaned softly into his ear and lifted my hips to meet the tip of his cock. 

His lips met mine once more as he pressed himself inside me slowly, sliding in to the hilt. He paused as he hit the peak of his penetration and once again began exploring my mouth with his tongue, passionately and deliberately. His strokes began slowly and went deep while he breathed in what I exhaled, keeping his face in consistent contact with mine, his eyes looking deep into mine showing all of the emotion he was attempting to relay. I knew in that moment I was not his slut anymore; he was falling in love with me. 

I moved my hips and dug my nails into his back causing him to moan into my mouth. 

"Harder, please. Fuck me like you never want to fuck anyone else ever again," I begged him, looking deep into his eyes and playing off of his emotional state, hoping he would at least get a little rough and fuck me with passion. 

His thrusts slowly picked up pace while I encouraged him to show me how much he wanted me. His sweat dripped off of his body lubricating the little space between us as he picked up speed and power. I wrapped my legs around his waist opening myself completely to his thrusts and moaned for him to never stop. My orgasm was rising slowly; he pushed me closer and closer to the edge with every thrust into my tight slit. I could hear nothing but our ragged breathing and his pelvis slapping against mine causing even his bed to moan in encouragement. The entire room smelled like weed, sweat, and my wet pussy and it would only get headier when I came. 

I looked up at the ceiling taking in every stimulating moment when I felt his cock begin to throb in my pussy, signaling his impending eruption. I absolutely loved the way a throbbing cock felt filling my pussy with its seed. I loved the moment it began and the force of the last thrust pushing the first squirt deep inside of me. I loved squeezing his cock with my pussy while he came just to ensure I felt every second and every spasm as he showed ownership of the pussy he just fucked. 

Unfortunately, this wasn't one of those times. "Come with me," he moaned into my ear frantically as if he was holding back just to hear me come on command. 

Up until this point I had always managed to come from his dick, even those times he was not as forceful or lasted as long as I would like, but in that moment I wasn't ready. He was intoxicated, and I knew as soon as he finished he would be out like a light and I would have to take care of myself. So I did what I never thought I would have to do or had ever done before, and did my best to fake it, hoping his intoxicated state would prevent him from knowing. 

"UGH...yes Mr. President, I'm cumming!" I did my best to spasm a bit and tighten my muscles, waiting to feel his cum and hoping it would actually send me other the edge and validate my deception. 

"I'm...going...to...UGGAAAAH" He screamed while leaning back removing his cock, spraying my torso with his batter. He shot rope after rope onto my slender body while I moaned for him, attempting to portray recovering from an orgasm as best I could. 

He collapsed next to me, moaning and mumbling incoherently to himself, or to me. Whichever it was, I did not understand a word. 

"That was great! Do you want to go again? I'll roll you a joint first, if you want?" I asked, knowing his response would be limited. 

"Ugh...grumble...mornin'...pussy...night..." 

I exhaled deeply and looked at myself covered in his seed, watching it pool in my belly button, and for the first time being left unsatisfied on many levels. I dipped my finger into the pool of cum, collecting a good portion, and stuck it in my mouth. I savored his taste while I began to formulate a plan to get a new cock. I was a good slut, and at this point I knew I was being wasted on Chris alone. 

I gathered more cum, slipped my hand down to my pussy and started with my clit. I always started with my clit. 

Since first fucking Chris I had grown to be very popular, thanks to him making sure to "claim" me at school as his girlfriend. Popularity came with supposed friends but a lot more enemies, and I missed moving around basically invisible. On the upside, I got to meet quite a few guys and the one I was in contact with the most was Bryan, who also happened to be Chris's best friend. 

Bryan was much like Chris in that they both had the tough guy bravado down pat and were complete airheads, although very much athletically inclined. Bryan was of some form of Hispanic descent, giving him brown eyes and a light caramel complexion. Chris and Bryan were nearly inseparable, and I often hung out with them both when we skipped class and after school. Bryan was my next target, and I believed I had formulated a plan that would work, so I just waited for the opportunity to present itself. 

The opportunity came faster than I thought. It was almost a full week after the faking incident, which I affectionately dubbed "Oscar night". After our first class I met the boys in the hallway and while it was the usual time I got a quick dose of cock, Chris decided he wanted the three of us to cut class instead. His favorite on-campus place to hang out was the varsity locker room on the other side of the gym. It was honestly a great place to cut class—it was always empty during the day, plus it was out of the way so you wouldn't get seen if you needed to go to the bathroom or something while you were cutting. 

We made our way quickly to the locker room and flipped on the lights while the boys laughed about some completely ridiculous joke that must have only made sense to them. The locker room was five rows of lockers wide each separated by a few feet and two changing benches. The floor was tile and it had a large open shower to the back and around a corner. There was a small coach's office right before the showers with a large glass window into the locker room. Why a coach would want to watch his team change I would never know, but I did not design the place. We decided to hang out in the coach's office since it had a three-cushion couch and a desk chair. 

I cuddled in close to Chris while the boys bragged about who was the better football player, and I saw my opening while Bryan was bragging about his number of yards statistic. 

"So, football is great and all, but I know one thing Mr. President's got that's better than you Mr. uh... Yardage!" I exclaimed, and met with laughter over my impromptu name decision for Bryan. 

"Oh yeah, what's that? So what he's class president, it's not like he actually does anything. Now, yards on the field mean something to those college scouts, so he's got nothing," Bryan teased, letting his ego lead him directly where I needed him. 

"Psh please, you think girls care about yards? The answer is no! I bet you Mr. President here has got you beat where it counts," I said, patting the inside of Chris's thigh, eliciting a smile from him and a bit of an uncomfortable shift in Bryan which he immediately covered up with an over-exaggerated laugh. 

"PUH-LEASE! There is no way he has got a bigger dick than me; I bet I am bigger soft than he is rock solid!" Bryan joked. 

"Whatever man, your mom wasn't saying that when I banged her the other night." Chris retorted. 

I had to keep myself from rolling my eyes at their perceived, "witty" banter, and went in for the kill. 

"Well then boys, why don't we prove it then and settle this right here, right now? You both get hard and whip 'em out. I am so sure Mr. President has got a bigger cock then you that if your cock is bigger, not only will you have that to hang over his head, I will get down and suck you off right now," I announced, only to be interrupted by Chris. 

"Excuse me!?" 

Of course, now he wants to get rough, I thought as I pulled my arm from his grasp, wrapped them around his neck and whispered in his ear. 

"C'mon, Mr. President. I've choked on that cock several times. That cock has made me scream on several occasions, there is no way he is bigger. I want to show him how good you are so he can stop trying to talk about you and this football thing. Nobody is better than MY Mr. President." I ended my speech with a kiss to the cheek and he finally looked convinced. I had done it. 

"Uh-oh, it looks like MR. PRESIDENT is scared," Bryan laughed. 

"Ok, deal. On one condition, WHEN I win, you have to sit there with your limp dick out and watch ME get sucked off!" Chris said. I almost wanted to jump and start clapping—either way I was going to win. 

Bryan nodded his head, considering the bet, and stuck his hand out "Deal. Shake on it and get ready to be embarrassed—if you shake my hand there is no going back. One of us is getting sucked off right here, right now." 

Chris hesitated for only a moment and shook his hand. I watched as they held hands and smirked at each other, both likely wondering how this would end. They let go and immediately stuck their hands in their respective pants to get ready for the show. I reached into Chris's pants and began stroking for him while staring at Bryan with my own smirk. We stood in silence for a few moments before Bryan broke the silence. 

"You ready yet or are you too nervous to keep it up?" 

"I got it man, on the count of three and don't bitch out." Chris said sliding me out of the way and beginning the countdown. 

"One," counted Bryan. 

"Two," Chris chimed in. 

"THREE!" I almost yelled, excited and already wet from being gambled like this. 

The room froze and tension grew instantly as they both looked at each other's cock and back at their own. A large smile formed on the mouth of the victor, but not a word was said as they both looked at me. 

Bryan had won and by a full inch and a half at least in length and plenty in girth. Chris's cock paled in comparison, and I was doing my best not to show I was drooling and wet. I simply reached for the bottom of my shirt and pulled it over my head while Bryan pulled his pants all the way to his ankles and sat back down in the chair grinning the entire time. Chris, humbled by his defeat, almost sunk into the couch refusing to look at either of us. 

I kicked off my shoes and undid my pants while Bryan drank me in with nothing more than lust in his eyes. I walked over to him naked and let him look at me as I spread my legs slightly and bent at the waist to grip his hard cock. It even felt stronger, the veins more defined, the head imposing and daring me to attempt to swallow it—I couldn't wait. I stroked his cock slowly with one hand and reached back to my pussy with the other. I knew eventually Chris would look at us, he would see my spread pussy waiting for him and my first threesome would begin. 

I leaned my head down and licked the tip of Bryan's cock it tasted like victory and sweat. I licked around his head, teasing him slowly, making sure to show him that I was enjoying it, not feeling obligated. I coated the large head with a layer of saliva and took it into my mouth, sucking it gently, allowing my lips to hug the curve of his head becoming his shaft. I slowly stroked him causing him to groan deeply. I swung my ass left to right, attempting to lure Chris out of his funk while I slowly strummed away at my needy slit. 

I took more of Bryan's thick cock in my mouth—attempting to swallow as much as I could while my mouth got used to the size. My lower back ached; I had underestimated the strain of bending at the waist. It looked so easy on video. I slurped on his cock and bobbed my head up and down working his cock with all I had, attempting to get lost in the spectacular feeling of my tongue learning every inch. I was about to give up on Chris when I heard Bryan get excited. 

"Hell yeah, man! That's what I'm talking about—let's tag team this slut!" 

I heard a high five exchanged over me and then felt Chris's hands grabbing my waist. His grip was firm. He was clearly not going to let his masculinity be called into question and his feelings hurt and not take it out on me. I would have smiled if my mouth weren't full, so I sucked harder anticipating the cock about to enter me. 

He slammed his cock into me, sending me forward and thrusting Bryan's cock down my throat. I gagged and spit onto his cock, stroking him while I was getting pounded by Chris like he should have always been doing. 

"You don't get to stop, slut," Bryan grabbed the back of my head and forced it back to his cock, clearly enjoying how his day was playing out. 

"Yeah man, fuck that pussy! That's how you fuck a slut!" Bryan cheered Chris on. It almost seemed as if he was more excited about his friend fucking than the girl on his cock. 

"I'm gonna let this slut have it!" Chris yelled, clearly already close to coming. 

His cock began to throb in my pussy and I did not want him to come inside of me and ruin a chance to feel Bryan pound my pussy. I stood up and turned around, putting Chris's dick in my mouth, bringing him down slowly to make him last. His buttons I already knew. Bryan was the wild card. Bryan wasted no time pushing his cock into me, stretching my walls, forcing my slit to conform to his cock. His thrusts were powerful, it took everything I had not to let my knees buckle and to keep sucking Chris's cock. 

"Fuck...fuck...fuck...fuck...fuck me...damn...yes...yes..." a combination of expletives and affirmations are all I could seem to conjure up from my vocabulary as I felt my orgasm building fast, promising to be a strong one. I had to get Chris off and soon—I opened my mouth and took his whole cock in, gripping the back of his thighs, encouraging him to fuck my face. 

I could feel the blood rushing to my face and the drool sliding off my chin as he grabbed a handful of hair and thrust his cock down my throat over and over, ensuring his balls made contact with my saliva-covered chin every time. Behind me, a thick cock was readjusting what was a tight slit and touching places previously untouched with its deep thrusts. His hips colliding with my ass was in tune with balls colliding with my chin—in perfect sync they used me, they filled me, they deprived me of air, they caused me more pleasure than pain. I was a good slut and I loved it. 

Chris was the first to go, pulling his cock out and spraying rope after rope over my face while I gasped for air and haggardly asked for more cum. I did my best to hold steady while cleaning his cock but Bryan's thrusting got harder and harder and I could feel my impending orgasm. 

My climax was rolling through my stomach, building and waiting for that perfect moment, it was as if a damn was on the verge of breaking. I wanted to scream when it hit, I opened my mouth and tried but no sound came out—only waves upon waves of orgasm crashing through my body. I felt my pussy squirt hard and Bryan say something I couldn't hear. For thirty seconds I was in my own world—I was experiencing the best feeling of my life. Finally, I allowed air to enter my body and rode the convulsions while the world came back into focus. I had fallen to my knees and Bryan was coming on my back, thick ropes of his love juice. 

"Hell yeah, man! That was sweet—we definitely have to do this again!" Bryan exclaimed out of breath and sitting on the edge of the desk. 

I wondered what his response would have been if he'd had a chance to answer, but the response came from a foreign voice. 
