 My name is Nikki Ayres, and for years I've kept the secret of my promiscuity from my friends, family, and co-workers. By day I'm the quiet, efficient account executive whom you might pass in the hallway and never give a second glance. When night time comes I yield to my insatiable lust and seek pleasure wherever and however I can find it. These are my confessions.

Confession 1: Carnal Co-eds.

I had sex three times during my high school years. The first time might have been considered forcible rape had I not surmised the situation, saw that resistance was futile and simply let him take me. The "he" in this instance was a second cousin who was four years older than I. He thought that being a 16 year old virgin was an embarrassment, so after showing me the power line roads in his pickup truck he showed me that a bigger, stronger man could always take what he wanted from a girl. I was crying when he penetrated me. The pain of my hymen tearing was less than the pain of being betrayed by someone I thought I loved. It was over fast and he came on my stomach. I just wanted it... and him... off me.

The second time was a year later. I was dating a boy who I liked but was not "in love" with. I finally let him go all the way with me. It was better than my first experience, but I didn't cum. Apparently he thought the matter should become public knowledge, because in a couple of days it was all over the school that we'd "done it." I never went out with him again.

I dated off and on, but I was a senior before I ever had sex again. It was NOT my prom date. Actually, it was the father of my prom date. He had this way of looking at me and undressing me with his eyes that just made me squirm. When he got the nerve to proposition me I accepted immediately. Mr. Ballard insisted on going down on me; something nobody had ever done. I came so hard I was embarrassed. I actually wanted to return the favor. It was my first blowjob and probably his worst ever, but I tried. When he finally entered me I was amazed at his staying power. He did me Missionary style, I rode him, we did doggy, and he even stroked between my breasts. When he came all over my face I let him use his cock to feed me his cum. I was amazed that I wasn't turned off by it. But all things come to an end and after that one time he decided it wasn't smart to cheat on his wife with his son's girlfriend. David and I broke up two weeks later, but I was never alone with Mr. Ballard again.

So that was the extent of my sexual history when I entered college a few weeks shy of my 18th birthday. My high school GPA was 3.95. I was a bit of a bookworm who would rather spend her evenings with a good book than kill brain cells drinking or smoking dope. My roommate was a video game junkie who ended up dropping out at midterm because she was failing all her classes. Then Karen moved in.

Karen was the kind of girl who was the life of the party no matter what the occasion. She was about 5'2" and maybe 110 lbs with shoulder length ash blonde hair and mischievous blue eyes. She was about a 34D and could have been a model if not for skin that was usually kind of blotchy. Karen was outgoing, quick witted and funny. She was also very bisexual. When she first came to our dorm she looked at me and said, "Jesus God, I'm in Heaven." I think my face got as red as my hair. I think I was always prettier than Karen but she had a better body. At 5'5", 125 lbs and a 32C I wasn't bad looking, but I was always self-conscious until I got to know Karen.

Karen was the girl who would walk out of the shower wearing a towel and then stand there talking with you while she removed the towel and dried her hair with it. She was absolutely proud of her body and she wasn't ashamed to show it off. She told me constantly that I was beautiful and had a great body. I eventually began to believe it. I usually wore loose fitting clothes that made me look kind of frumpy because I wanted people to like me for my mind, not my body. Karen dressed like a porn star and everyone loved her. There were always guys coming to the dorm and most of the time they would end up having sex with Karen while I either pretended to go to the store or I read a book at the library. Finally I got tired of leaving and just stayed where I was. Karen didn't mind.

Many nights she would ask me to cuddle with her in bed, but I declined. We did hug a lot and we started to kiss goodnight. In part I found Karen's behavior disgusting, but I really couldn't help being turned on by it. She seemed to have a LOT of fun. Sometimes I'd lie there and listen to her having sex with someone and I couldn't help but touch myself. Of course, a casual touch would lead to a more determined touch and many times I came before Karen did.

One night I accepted her invitation to cuddle. I always slept in either a nightgown or a long sleep shirt. Karen slept in the nude; often with a towel between her legs to absorb the seepage from the boyfriend du jour. That night we lay together in the spoon position for a while, then she rolled over and we reversed. Her skin felt great against my hands and my thighs. Eventually I took off the shirt. We snuggled together in the nude and went to sleep.

I woke up sometime in the middle of the night to an incredible sensation. I was on my back and Karen was between my legs, licking me. I probably would have freaked out had I awakened suddenly, but it was so good that by the time I was awake enough to react I was already too far gone to stop. I arched my back and rocked my hips as she drove me wild. When I came she moved over to nibble on my thighs and then my belly. After giving me a couple of minutes for my post orgasmic sensitivity to wane she continued.

After I'd cum three times I knew I wanted to return the favor. I slid down and tried to do everything Karen had done with me. I wasn't even thinking about the fact that I was licking another woman. I was just giving pleasure to a friend who had done the same for me. Karen was enormously turned on and came almost immediately. I loved making her cum, so I continued until she had cum four more times. By then my jaw ached and my wrist was sore from curling my fingers against her G spot. Karen instructed me well about how she liked her pleasure. By the time I fell asleep I think I'd become a first rate cunnilingus queen. 

I was incredibly embarrassed the next morning, but Karen would have none of it. She told me that we were close friends and there was no shame in friends giving pleasure to each other. Her words were so reassuring that I began to wonder how anyone could see anything wrong with what we did. Later that evening, Karen showed me how much she cared for me by making love with me using a strap on. I was very reluctant at first, but once we started I didn't want to stop. I completely lost track of how many times I came as we played with the strappy. It was incredible. I even used it on her before we fell asleep in each other's arms. 

Karen was my roommate for two years. In those two years she completely changed how I felt about myself and my sexuality. We have remained close, and though we rarely see each other when we do we usually end up in bed together. Sometimes we aren't the only ones in that bed, but that's another story. My confession is that my college roommate was my college lover. 

Confession 2: Spring Break. Spring break was coming around and none of the people we knew had the right arrangements. What we wanted was a house on the beach where we could party all we wanted, drink all we wanted and have our own beds to sleep in. The guys at school mostly were renting hotels or condos. I came up with the idea of searching the internet for people who would either have houses rented or would own houses on the beach. I didn't find any students, but I DID find several guys who had rented a house for the week to score with college chicks. Karen and I sent our pictures, and when asked, nude pictures. They eventually agreed that we would be ideal house guests and they gave us their address. We confirmed everything on the phone before we left.

We caught a ride to Florida with four guys in a conversion van. They were all members of the same fraternity. Brent was the driver. He was a junior and the van belonged to his father. He was sandy haired and tall. Brian was riding shotgun. He had short cropped blonde hair and looked like he could be a Marine. Stan was in the very back seat on the driver side. He was kind of heavy set, but always had a smile and a joke. David was in the back on the passenger side. He was a football player I guess because he was muscled up. Brian opened the doors for us when we got in. The middle captain's chairs were ours. 

The guys were undressing us with their eyes from the moment we got into the van. I was wearing a tank top and denim shorts. Karen had a denim vest and a matching short denim skirt. No panties, of course. We hadn't discussed paying for the ride so I guess the guys were hoping to get lucky. With Karen around they didn't have anything to worry about. We were barely on the interstate when Karen grabbed my hair, pulled me to her, kissed me and told me, "I need to cum." 

The longer Karen and I spent time together the more she began to dominate me. It first I went along to humor her, and then I began to like it. It felt erotic and feminine to have her order me around. When she told me that she needed to cum, I took it as a command to service her. I knew exactly what she wanted. I climbed out of my seat and knelt down in front of hers. She slid her ass to the edge of the seat, lifted her skirt and hooked her knees on the arm rests of her captain's chair. I leaned in and began to lick her pussy as the guys stared in disbelief. Fortunately, Brent for the most part paid attention to his driving. Within a few moments she was squiring and writhing in the seat. A few moments after that she gripped the armrests, bucked against me and exploded in passion. When her climax began to ease I looked up and said, "Who's next?"

Stan immediately climbed between the seats and took my place. I went into the back with David, lay down on the seat with my face to his lap, and unzipped his pants. A few seconds later I was sucking his cock. Brian came back to join us and helped me wiggle out of my shorts. He licked me for a few moments and then lifted my leg. As I sucked David Brian slid his cock into me and began to fuck me. Ahead of us, Stan began to fuck Karen. 

We stayed naked most of the trip, dressing only to eat or use the rest rooms. The guys took turns driving the van, and when they weren't driving it they were driving us. Karen and I sucked and fucked them all the way to Florida. Fortunately we DID get some sleep. We arrived in Florida bleary eyed, covered with sweat; most of it not ours; and smelling like sex. 

After a quick swim in the ocean we went to the house we would be staying at. Karen and I were in our bikinis pulling our luggage up the front walk when the door opened and a large Hispanic man appeared in the doorway. He looked at us for a second, and then looked over his shoulder. "Hey, man, we've got company," he said. Karen and I looked at each other but continued to the door where we were met by Andrew; the owner of the house. He welcomed each of us with a hug and introduced us to the people there.

The man who opened the door was Carlos. He was in his late twenties, had short hair and a goatee, and was covered in tattoos. Andrew was 35 with an easy smile, six pack abs and dark hair. He ran a restaurant in the area. Mike was 28, had a medium build, blonde hair and was a dive instructor. Tyrone, or Ty as we called him, was about 6'8", black, and played basketball for a major university. Randy was in his early twenties and at the moment was living off his parents' benevolence. Terry, or "Bull," was about 25, my height, skinny and was Andrew's accountant.

The house was something you'd expect to see in a movie. It was huge, well kept up, and had eight bedrooms in addition to many other rooms that had other purposes. The pool had a nice deck around it with a tall privacy fence. The staircases were beautiful as was all the woodwork in the house. The tour had to be cut short, though. Karen and I needed a shower and a long nap. We showered together, of course, and left the door open so the guys could drop in and say Hi. Amazingly, by the time we were through rubbing and scrubbing each other everyone was in the bathroom. We decided to take advantage of the situation by stepping out naked and letting them towel us off. By the time the guys were through with the towels it was pretty evident we weren't going to get our nap for a while. We ended up on our knees on the tile floor sucking and stroking a group of horny guys who were very happy that we had come to visit.

I found out quickly why Terry was called Bull. He had a cock that was every bit of 10" long and looked like two beer cans in a tube sock. Talk about a jawbreaker! Ty was no slouch in the cock department either. We had six cocks between us, which meant that we both had one for each hand and one for our mouths. So much for being shy and starting off slowly. 

We were lifted up and carried to Andrew's bedroom, where we were gently placed on a California King sized bed covered with satin sheets. Carlos began to lick my pussy while Randy straddled me and began to pump back and forth in my mouth. Karen was getting similar treatment and begging for more. It wasn't long before Randy came in my mouth. As I rolled over to share it with Karen, Carlos turned me doggy style and slid into my pussy. I let out a moan of pleasure and pushed back against him.

The guys had decided, I guess, not to mess up each other's pleasure places so when they were ready to cum they fed it to us. Karen and I shared as much as possible, which the guys seemed to really enjoy. When Andrew was fucking me doggy style he reached down and pulled my hands back behind me, then started to tie my wrists with a robe tie.

"Nikki loves to be tied and dominated," Karen said. "Don't you, Nikki?"

Obviously Karen had been talking with them and making her own arrangements regarding me. I couldn't very well deny it because I was incredibly turned on. The idea of being tied up naked surrounded by all these men was enough to make me cum right there, which was all the answer Andrew needed. 

I felt something cool on my anus and then Andrew slid his thumb into my ass. Like many girls, I never cared for anal sex. I particularly wasn't crazy about the possibility of being tied up and ass fucked by six guys. "I don't like it... there," I said. Andrew eased his thumb out, then lubricated and inserted two fingers. The pressure made me squirm. I wasn't an anal virgin, but for me it hurt too much to be any fun. Mike lifted me by the shoulders and slid his cock into my mouth. With my hands tied behind me, there was nothing I could do but try to relax.

When Andrew entered my ass I nearly choked on Mike's cock. To his credit, though, Andrew waited for my muscles to get used to the intrusive pain before pushing in deeper. It was probably five minutes before I was relaxed enough so that he could get a good rhythm going. I actually started to like it a little. Then Mike slid under me and pushed his cock into my pussy. The pressure of being double penetrated was intense. I came so hard I think I scared Karen, who was being tripled right beside me. Then Bull slid his cock into my mouth and I was being tripled as well.

The guys untied my wrists because it's very awkward trying to take on three hard cocks with your hands tied behind you. I bucked and writhed on the hard cocks as they fucked me every way possible in every orifice. About two hours after it began the bed action got calm again. I wasn't sure why my wrists were being tied to the headboard.

Then Bull fucked me in the ass.

I felt him enter me and I screamed out, more in fear than in pain. I was sure that enormous thing would tear my rectum and I'd have to go get stitches while the nurses smirked about the slutty college girls and spring break. It didn't tear, though. Bull used a lot of lube and Andrew had already given me a solid anal pounding. I felt my muscles stretching to the max and I saw stars. Bull just eased it into me and gave me a moment for my muscles to stretch before he began to thrust into me. I still had tears in my eyes. Bull fucked me for at least 20 minutes, and it was as uncomfortable in the end as it was in the beginning. The only difference was that I actually began to like the pain. I came four times. In the end I begged him to cum in my ass, which he did. He gripped my shoulders, pulled every inch of his cock into my throbbing ass and erupted like a fire hose in my ass. 

I discovered something that day. Cum could make a great enema solution. I BARELY made it back to the bathroom without embarrassing myself. When I got back, Karen was already asleep. I curled up next to her and closed my eyes. I don't know if someone fucked me in my sleep or I dreamed it.

We woke up later that evening; ate a dinner featuring grilled steaks that were almost too spicy and started drinking. We drank, smoked dope and partied the entire week. At one point both Karen and I each did a six on one gang bang that was taped for erotic memories later. We blew random guys we met including one cop who introduced me to real handcuffs and a real jail cell for smoking dope in public. He let me go after a lecture and a blowjob, though. 

We never paid for a thing. Nothing. Not even bottled water. It wasn't that we didn't have the money, it was just the idea that we didn't want to spend it. By the time we got back I had a pelvic inflammation I worried was a disease. I was informed by the nurse it was simply from too much "activity." It was the wildest week of my life. My confession is that I love group sex. 

Confession 3: Summer heat.

I like to think that Karen was the wild one in our relationship, but really we were both a little on the freaky side. I pretended not to be a fan of lesbian sex but I let Karen fuck me any time she wanted me. I really was no fan of anal sex but I found myself online playing out sexual role play with a guy who called himself AssMaster2000. The pictures he sent me of his 10"cock brought back memories of the pain and pleasure I experienced with Bull. He lived two states away and had a hunting cabin in a remote location. We talked online and on the phone for two months before I agreed that the best way for me to come to grips with my apprehension of anal sex was to spend a weekend doing nothing but that particular activity. He promised that with the proper attention I would grow to love it. I didn't believe it for a moment. I just wanted to learn to tolerate it.

We met on a Friday afternoon in early June. I was dressed as instructed in a low cut top and a short black skirt without panties. In the stiletto heels I looked like some street corner whore, but that was the look he wanted. I have to admit. Driving down that twisting gravel road with my bare ass on the seat, knowing that very soon I was going to get my ass fucked raw was an incredible turn on. 

The odd thing about pain is that the further you are removed from it the more erotic it becomes. I had masturbated to the memories of pain that had brought tears to my eyes, and now I was meeting a man I had never met before for the purpose of experiencing much more of the same.

When I arrived at the cabin I had a moment of trepidation, but I steeled myself and walked to the door. I wasn't worried about being kidnapped because Karen knew exactly where I was and who I was with. I wasn't worried about being raped because that's why I had come. I was scared of what may happen in the next few days; and specifically I worried about injury. This guy had a big cock and had hinted that he may have friends over. Was I physically able to take what was about to happen?
