 Brad dictated the last of the letters to his secretary and asked her to type them up and have them on his desk in the morning as he was leaving for the day as soon as he made a few phone calls. When he got off the phone after the last call, he stretched his large, athletic frame and stopped for a moment to reflect upon his good fortune in winning his recent election to the House of Representatives. He had Les Lewis to thank for that as Les had worked tirelessly for him as his campaign manager and was the reason he had won the tight race. 

Brad was a natural for the job as he had been an All American quarterback at Ohio State, class valedictorian and all around BMOC and was very well known all over the state. Joining the prestigious law firm of Rogers, Cornwell and Biggams in Cleveland and making a name for himself in prosecuting major pharmaceutical cases, didn't hurt at all either and when Les had convinced him he could win the congressional seat, he decided to go for it. 

Now, his first year was coming to an end and he loved every aspect of his job. He and his wife Coral lived half the year in Washington and the rest in Cleveland and both loved the change in their lifestyles. Coral had been the campus beauty at Ohio State and they had been going together since their sophomore year and finally decided to make it permanent upon graduation. While going together in college, they had found out that both of them were bisexual which brought them even closer together and resulted in a very exciting and rewarding sex life. 

Shortly after their marriage, they had met Les and Laura at a business dinner and become close friends. Then they discovered that Les and Laura were also bisexual and things started to happen from that point on since Les introduced them to a very private group consisting of big businessmen, lawyers and doctors who enjoyed getting together often for sex parties. Because each of them had everything to lose if word got out, it was a well kept secret and each member of the group was sworn to secrecy. 

Brad's thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the intercom as his secretary told him that Coral was on the line. He picked up the phone and Coral asked when he planned on coming home as Les and Laura had just arrived from the airport. Les had some business in DC for a few days and they were staying with them since they had a spare bedroom. Brad told her he was leaving immediately and would see them in about 30 minutes. He picked up his briefcase and nodded to Carol as he passed her desk on his way to the garage and after picking his way through the usually heavy traffic, pulled into his building garage in Georgetown and headed for the elevator to his 10th floor apartment. 

When he walked in the door, he noticed that the living room was empty so he headed back to the spare bedroom which they had turned into a library with a large sofa bed for guests but that was empty also so he turned and went back to the master bedroom. As he entered the room, he saw Coral on her back on the bed with Les thrusting his thick organ in and out of her wet vagina as Laura sat on her face and fed her pussy with a dreamy expression on her face. 

Les turned and smiled in greeting when he saw him and Brad told him not to stop as he was getting undressed and would join them in a moment. When he was naked, he walked over to the bed and cupped his hand on Les' big, full ball sac and lightly squeezed it in greeting and then got up on the bed and leaned forward to kiss Laura and tweak her large, erect nipples. He heard a murmured greeting from his wife who was busy eating Laura and reached down to gently pinch her hard nipples as he smilingly told her to leave some for him since he was hungry also. Then Les asked him to stand up on the bed and feed him his cock to suck while he fucked Coral. He stood up and held his erection towards Les and guided his swollen cockhead to his lips. As Les' mouth covered his crown he felt Laura's hands caressing his balls and then felt a wet finger enter his anus. 

He took Les' head in his hands and began fucking his mouth like it was a cunt as Laura finger fucked his ass and pulled on his full balls. He heard Coral's muffled cry as she went into orgasm which was followed by an animal growl from Laura as she joined her in Nirvana. Then Laura asked him to please turn around and feed her his cock as she wanted to taste him also and he reluctantly withdrew his organ from her husband's hungry mouth and turned to face her with his wet erection cleaving the air in front of him. Laura lunged at his cock and began hungrily sucking it as she played with his balls and then he felt Les' tongue slide up and down his ass crack and then into his anal opening. Between the two of them they had him on a beautiful high from which he never wanted to return. It wasn't long before Les started to moan and thrust his organ deep inside Coral's pussy as he emptied his balls inside her. 

Laura was doing a marvelous job on his penis and had him deep down her throat as she milked his shaft each time she swallowed around it and he felt his orgasm rapidly approaching. He held her head in his hands and told her to get ready for a feeding as he was about to cum. Then his organ swelled and started shooting stream after stream of hot cum into her greedy mouth which she gulped down as she went into another spasm of ecstasy which fed Coral more of her delicious juices. 

They decided to take a break and Coral apologized to him for starting without him and said they waited for him as long as possible until Les zipped open his fly and took out his beautiful erection and showed it to her. Once she saw that beauty, she was lost and the action started. Brad smiled and told her that she was forgiven as he would have done the same thing in the same circumstance. They decided to have an early dinner at Alfredo's and come back and spend the rest of the evening in play so they dressed and Brad called the restaurant and made reservations. 

Franco showed them to a quiet booth in the back and after a round of drinks they ordered dinner. Les mentioned that his meeting was tomorrow morning and would probably require at least one more day to complete as papers had to be drawn up and signed before he left. Brad asked if they would like to get together with any of their mutual friends for a party before they left town and Laura immediately mentioned George and Carl. George Toukakis and Carl Flanger were ex-Navy Intelligence and worked at the Pentagon as consultants. They were both divorced and had been living together for the past few years. They were both bisexual and had been invited into the exclusive DC sex group where Les and Brad had met them a few months ago. Laura was tremendously turned on by both of them as they were very good looking and extremely well built. 

She loved watching her husband in a threesome with them which always got her so high, she went wild. Brad looked at Les and he agreed that getting together with them would be nice so he told them that he would call later and see if they could join them tomorrow night. They finished their coffee and Brad got the check as the gals went off to the ladies room. They waited for them in the foyer and Brad gave his parking ticket to the valet. When their wives returned, the car was waiting and they headed back to the apartment.

As soon as they closed the door behind them, Brad suggested that they undress and get into bed since he had some unfinished business to take care of, looking at Les as he said it. When they were all naked and on the bed, Brad asked Les to sit on his chest and feed him that delicious cock of his since he didn't have any desert at dinner while Laura sat on his cock and entertained herself with that organ. Coral pouted that she was left out until Brad suggested that she could feed Les and Laura her pussy to suck and she agreed instantly. 

Brad couldn't wait to suck on Les' delicious organ and when he saw the smooth, sloped crown approach his lips, he opened his mouth and flicked out his tongue to catch a drop of precum oozing out the tiny slit before taking the thick organ inside. He loved the smooth texture of Les' cockhead and was nursing lovingly on it as he reached up and pinched his erect nipples. Then he felt Laura's warm cunt envelop his organ as she fit the head to her slit and lowered herself on it. He looked up and saw Coral rest her ass on the headboard and feed Les her juicy pussy to suck and the four of them took each other to heaven once again.

Les was sliding his organ in and out of Brad's voracious mouth and Laura was riding his erection like she was riding a horse with her hips moving back and forth in a steady rhythm when suddenly he felt her body tense as she bore down on his organ and cried out in passion as her orgasm overwhelmed her. He felt her warm juices envelop his penis as her cunt contracted around his thick shaft in a series of spasms until they finally ended and she sat quietly with his cock deep inside her while she rested a moment. Then he heard his wife cry out in orgasm and looked up as he sucked the delicious cock to see Les lapping up her juices as she came. Since he was nowhere near ready to cum, he pulled his mouth from the thick cock and asked Les if he would like to take a break and try another position afterwards and Les agreed lifting himself up and helping his wife off Brad's throbbing organ. 

Coral and Laura went inside and brought back some cold drinks and Les brought them up to date on what was happening back home among Brad's constituents, which was said with a smile as he was referring to their sex group. Brad suddenly remembered that he had to call George about tomorrow night and asked him to hold on a minute as he had to make the call. He got Carl on the phone and asked if they could come over for a little party tomorrow night as Les and Laura were in from Cleveland. Carl asked him to hold on a moment and came back on the phone and told him they'd love to join them. Brad told them to come over about 8 and to make sure their balls were nice and full as he was very thirsty. 

After Brad told everyone that they would be coming, Les continued with the news from home and told them that the new lesbian couple turned out to be heavy bisexuals and have been making the rounds of all the couples in their group and getting rave reviews. He told them that he and Laura spent a beautiful evening at their place last week and that Brad and Coral had to meet them. Brad trusted Les' recommendations and asked if they might want to come to DC tomorrow night for a small party as they could stay with them for the one night. Les picked up his cell and got Tina on the phone right away. He proposed the plan and she immediately accepted and said she would call back with their flight number and time in a short while and after disconnecting, Les looked at them and told them the girls would be joining them also. Then he smiled broadly as he brought out the fact that their guests tomorrow night were going to be a male couple and a female couple which should be interesting. 

Brad mentioned that he's looking forward to sucking both George and Carl as he loves their cocks and is looking forward to meeting Tina and Louise especially with all the positive comments about them. Coral and Laura said they were looking forward to George and Carl also but were particularly interested in meeting the new girls as, she was sure, she and Laura would spending a lot of time with them. 

Both Brad and Les started to get really hard just thinking about tomorrow night and they automatically reached out for each other and began playing with each other's cock and balls. Les' thick cock felt wonderful as his hands roamed over the hard shaft with the bulging veins and gently pulled on his big balls. After playing a while, Brad asked if Les would like to be fucked as he's getting turned on by thoughts of how good his anus is going to feel. In answer, Les turned on his stomach and lifted his ass in the air for Brad to play with. Les had a fabulous ass. 

Tight, meaty ass cheeks and a sweet puckered hole that did wonders to his organ. He leaned forward and ran his tongue over the big balls and then up to the little hole where he deposited some saliva and probed the opening, sliding the tip of his tongue inside. Then he rubbed the head of his cock over the waiting anal opening and deposited some additional lubrication with his precum before pushing inside until his crown entered. He moved it back and forth a few times and then started to feed it in deep as Les urged him on by telling him how good his cock felt as it entered him. As Brad thrust in and out of the beautiful hole, Coral slipped underneath Les and began licking and sucking his organs, which were hanging down just begging to be sucked and Laura got comfortable on a big pillow in front of her husband and fed him her pussy to suck while he was being fucked. 

Laura was watching the scene, as her husband sucked on her clit, and described how sexy they looked as they lost themselves in pleasuring one another and kept telling them one sexy thing after another which was getting all of them very horny. She told them how much she loved the way Les sucks her pussy and how good his talented tongue felt. Then, she cried out and held her husband's head tightly to her cunt as she came and fed him her delicious juices. Brad's cock was ready to explode as he thrust deeply in the talented asshole, which was milking his cock so beautifully. 

He grasped Les around the hips and began stroking deep and long when suddenly his penis swelled and erupted in a series of spasms which sent stream after stream of sperm into the wonderful depths of the hole he was fucking. Then, after his second spurt splashed into the hungry ass, Les cried out that he was cumming also and Coral moaned as she drank load after load of his hot cum juices and experienced her own orgasm just from that. 

Les' phone started ringing a few minutes later and Tina told him that they would be arriving at 5 pm on United 286 and Brad told Les to tell her that he would have a car pick them up at the airport and bring them home real fast so they won't miss a thing. Then, since they would be having heavy action tomorrow night, he suggested they retire and get a good nights sleep. Coral mumbled something about wanting a cock inside her so Brad made sure that she knew what it felt like as soon as they got into bed. They slept in spoon fashion and his cock was inside her most of the night. When morning came and the sunshine awoke them, Brad was reluctant to remove his organ from its comfortable resting place until Coral slipped out of bed and left the cold air to assault his penis. They showered, slipped on their robes and went into the kitchen to prepare breakfast as they heard signs of life coming from the guest room. 

Les and Laura walked in wearing their robes and both looked like they were still asleep. A cup of coffee revived them somewhat and, by the time they wolfed down pancakes and eggs, they were wide awake. So awake that Les asked Coral if she has ever been eaten while cooking and after deliberating a minute, she said she was still a virgin in that area. Les asked her to cook up another egg and walked over and got comfortable between her legs as he unfastened the belt of her robe. The sight of her gorgeous thighs framing her petal-like labia made him want to worship her crotch and he began to kiss her from her anus to her clitoris as she accommodated him by spreading her thighs wide and giving him full access to every part of her. 

She said that the egg was burning but the hell with it as she shut off the burner and grasped his head in her hands and lost herself in the pleasures he was giving her. He sucked each labia individually and ran his tongue up and down her wet slit as he teased her clit out of its hood. He loved the texture of her erect clit and he began sucking it like it was a little cock as she squirmed in passion and described her feelings to Brad and Laura who couldn't help being turned on by the scene. She suddenly groaned and held his head tightly to her cunt as she wet his face with her juices in a series of shuddering spasms until her orgasm, unfortunately ended, and she returned to earth again. 

She told Les that, if he came over often, they would all probably starve because she can't get any cooking done when his tongue is doing such marvelous things to her pussy. He told her not to worry as he'd take them out to dinner afterwards so they really won't starve and he feels wonderful that he was the first to eat her while she was cooking and holds it in the same regard as if he was her first lay. She thanked him, with a coy smile, and told him the feeling was mutual as she enjoyed every minute of it. She also smiled and told him that, the next time they come over for dinner, to please arrive early so she can start cooking right away. Laura suggested that perhaps next time, she could join Les so the two of them could share her crotch and Coral laughed and told them the more the merrier. 

Brad told them that, since there would be no room for him near her pussy, he could play around her anus and feed her his penis to suck on as she lost herself in the pleasures they were giving her. Coral thought it was a great idea and they decided to get dressed as Les had a noon appointment and Brad had to go to his office for a couple of hours at the most. Les figured he would be finished about 4 pm so Brad drove him into town and told him he'd pick him up in a couple of hours as the girls were due at his place around 6. 

He greeted Carol and she followed him into his office with a batch of messages for him. He asked her to sit down and read him the messages and as she crossed her legs, she flashed a generous amount of thigh and he saw that she was wearing red panties. Carol was no girl. She was a woman in her early 50's who looked like she was, at the most 35 and had a full, buxom, comfortable looking body that was still in very good shape. The thought of sex with her had crossed his mind many times but he didn't want to take the chance she would blow the whistle on him afterwards so he never proposed anything to her. She, on the other hand, seemed to want to bed him very much as she let him know in many subtle ways. He put the thought in the back of his mind as she read him the messages and he told her who to get on the phone and in what order. 

As she got up, she gave him another quick view and he filed it away as a future possibility and got to work signing the papers waiting for him. Between his desk work and the phone calls 2 hours passed very quickly and he hung up the phone after the last call was made and relaxed a moment before calling Les. He was just finishing up and would be ready and waiting whenever Brad could make it so Brad told him he'd pick him up in front of the building in 10 minutes. He told Carol that all the papers had been signed so she can take care of distributing them or mailing them and told her he'd see her Monday morning and to have a nice weekend. 

She smiled ruefully and, as he walked out the door, said that it could have been a wonderful weekend. He thought about what she would be like in bed and came to the conclusion that he would really like to find out but didn't know her well enough to really trust her in keeping her mouth shut about their group so he put it on the back burner once again. The only way he'd consider having sex with her was with his wife present and he didn't know what her reaction would be to that. 

Les was waiting at the curb and hopped in quickly as Brad only paused a moment before moving off again and soon he was in the steady stream of traffic heading for Georgetown. They pulled into the garage about 4:45 and walked into the apartment a few minutes later to find their women sitting in the living room in their robes having some wine. Coral told them to shower and come in and join them for a drink before the guests arrive so the two of them went to their rooms, showered, slipped on their robes and were back in the living room a short while later. Laura was describing Tina's clit to Coral and telling her that it looked like a little cock with a tiny sloped head and all. She said that it was almost 3/4" long and that Tina went absolutely wild when it was sucked. She also mentioned that Louise was no slouch in that department either as she had one almost as large although it was not quite as thick as Tina's. 
