 It will be helpful if the reader he or she reads Chapter 01 before reading this chapter. Chapter 01 introduces the characters and describes Connie’s first extramarital affair.

Chapter 2 – Anna joins the meetings

I walked into the health club the Wednesday morning following my affair with Dirk. As I prepared to teach the morning aerobic class I had a strange feeling that the whole club knew that Dirk had fucked my brains out last night. But my fears were short lived when Dirk greeted me and acted as if nothing was out of the ordinary.

Later I was talking with Dirk and he told me that he would like to meet again next Tuesday evening to go over some ideas he had for the club programs. I thought to myself, “Why wait until Tuesday night? Why not Thursday night? Why not right now?” But not wanting to seem too anxious I agreed and silently hoped that there would be more to the meeting than business.

All the days leading up to that Tuesday seemed to drag. Tuesday could not get here soon enough. I even found myself fantasizing about Dirk at home and I masturbated in bed and in the shower. I was sexually charged by the time Tuesday evening rolled around.

After the evening aerobic class I joined Dirk in his office for our so called business meeting. He immediately locked the door and told me to get naked on the couch. He surprised me by not kissing me but I was so hot I did what I was told. I stripped off my aerobic outfit in record time and sat on the couch waiting for the next step. 

Dirk stepped closer to me removing his shirt in the process then he peeled off his shorts. His cock popped out in its full glory and he was in an unmistakable state of desire. “Have you ever sucked cock Connie,” he asked.

I blushed and shook my head no as the words did not come out of my mouth. “Well than it is about time that you learned,” he went on. Dirk moved close to me so that I could hold his huge pulsating cock in my hands. My heart was pounding. I was in his grasp, in his control. I so desperately wanted to cum. I needed to be fucked in my moist and swollen pussy so badly. I was so aroused I followed his every command.

I sat naked on the couch before him. My nipples and cunt were alive with desire as Dirk deliberately stared into my eyes as he brought his hard cock to my lips. I tried to picture what I looked like; the prim and proper wife and mother of two opening her mouth to run he tongue across the head of a man’s cock. Soon Dirk's cock was deep in my mouth as he chanted my name. 

“Oh Connie that's it, suck me, suck my cock, lick my balls, play with my balls,” he directed.

I could tell from his hip movements, deep breathing and his inability to continue his suggestive talk that he was close to cumming. It wouldn’t be long now before I tasted my first sperm. With me still sucking his cock, Dirk eased back to the couch and sat down. I turned sideways so that I could suck his cock deeper into my mouth. I was only able to take about 5” of his cock although I continued to test my gag line which drove him crazy. I was so engrossed in sucking Dirk’s cock that I never heard or saw anyone enter the room. 

Sitting on the couch and leaning over to keep Dirk’s cock in my mouth had caused my legs to splay open. I suddenly felt a pair of hands on my thighs tugging them open even further. Without removing the cock from my mouth I looked over and saw a totally naked muscular Anna kneeling between my legs. She began kissing my thighs and around my pubes as her hands caressed my hips and my belly. I turned my attention back to Dirk’s cock and I felt Anna descend to take her kisses to my pussy as she desired to taste and eat from my swollen cunt. I couldn't stop my hips from rocking back and forth I wanted to cum so badly against her voracious tongue. Her hands and fingers were now caressing my ass. Then her soft warm hand was on my breast caressing and pulling on my hardened nipples as her wet soft kisses sucked at my clit and lips. I came again and again intensely with her mouth glued to my mound and her tongue in my pussy. 

Dirk sensed my orgasm and continued fucking my face as I stretched my neck trying to keep his cock within my lips again while I fucked Anna's face. I continued to lick and suck Dirk's cock and balls before running my tongue under his scrotum across his perineum. He moaned loudly as my one hand circled and squeezed the head of his slick cock and I cupped his bloated balls with the other hand.

Suddenly I felt his hand on the back of my head, grasping my hair forcing me down on his cock. I obediently sucked around the length of his pole, while his cock erupted with hot jets of cum flooding my mouth. As hard as I tried I couldn’t swallow all of his cum quick enough and it ran out of my mouth down my face and dripped on my tits. I whimpered as I licked him clean sluttishly tasting his cum and trying to see up into his eyes. Anna licked the remaining cum from my tits and sucked on my nipples.

“Hasn’t she just got the greatest nubs,” Anna asked Dirk as she twirled my rock hard nipples in her fingers. I just moaned in the lust of the moment.

I still had some of Dirk’s cum on my lips as he lifted me off the couch onto the floor as if I weighed nothing. He surprised me kissing me deeply and plunging his tongue into my mouth apparently he wasn’t concerned about tasting his own cum. I was so aroused and in such need of his cock in me. I came immediately as he parted my legs penetrating my wet vagina with one deep stroke. My cunt was contracting around his hard cock in a spasmodic frenzy griping his shaft as wave after wave of obscene pleasure coursed through my body. 

Anna straddled my face and began to lower her completely shaved pussy toward my mouth. I panicked and in a less than convincing protest said to Anna, “I have never done that, please don’t make me do it.”

“You silly little goose it’s about time you learned to eat pussy. Just do what I did to you,” she directed.

“Connie if you are half as good eating pussy as you are sucking cock Anna is going to be very pleased,” encouraged Dirk.

I leaned forward and slowly stuck out my tongue. I wasn't sure exactly how to do it so I just sort of pretended I was licking the ice cream off of a cone. I took one, slow lick as I flattened my tongue on Anna's bare mound. It felt so smooth and warm and I had achieved the desired effect from the moan I know that Anna enjoyed it. To my surprise I enjoyed the taste of her and I kept licking and eating her. I pointed my tongue and burrowed into her pussy as it parted her labia and my tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of her juice. Soon I was like a puppy at a saucer of milk, licking and lapping up as much as I could as fast as I could.

Anna was obviously enjoying what I was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for my tongue to explore her pussy. My tongue explored all of her as my mind took notes of what seemed to turn her on. Anna was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever I got near her hard pearl. As I searched out her hard clit still just barely hidden she tensed and began to quiver. After I felt like I had teased her opening as much as I could with my tongue it was time to see her reaction when my tongue finally touched that pearl just as she had done to me earlier.

As I worked on Anna’s clit my own orgasm was building from the pounding of Dirk’s cock into my pussy. Like an animal out of control his hip movements continued to rapidly move his rigid cock in and out of my wetness causing me to cry out again. My legs spread further for this man and his insistent cock in both our vigorous efforts to cum again. My scream was muffled in Anna’s pussy as another orgasm gushed forth from me.

Dirk thrust his dick deeply into me. His hard cock was pulsating in a long deep climax as it filled my wet vagina with his sperm. My womb flooded with the co-mingling of our juices. As I started to recover I turned my attention back to Anna. 

I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her pearl I used the very tip of my tongue to push back the little hood. I was truly amazed at its size. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Anna was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her pearl stuck out even further like a little cock. I nuzzled it with my nose taking in her scent and I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Anna went wild and started bucking and calling out my name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and Anna humped my face for all she was worth. I was excited that I was able to get her that excited and I sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with my lips, tongue and teeth. I don't know exactly how many times Anna came but finally she rolled off of me and collapsed on the floor, her body in spasms.

The three of us lay panting on the floor exhausted and sexually sated. Anna was the first to speak.

“Connie, I have never been eaten out better than that. It is hard to believe that it was your time eating pussy,” she sighed. 

“Ditto on the cock sucking,” chimed in Dirk. “You were incredible that was the quickest I have cum in a long time,” he continued.

“I can’t believe myself either,” I gasped. “Just last week I had only slept with my husband and now I have sucked my first cock and eaten my first pussy,” I exclaimed.

“What do you think now,” asked Dirk?

“Oh I am hooked on both of you. I can’t believe the incredible sex that I have had just in one week,” I replied. “Only one question, do I have to always wait for Tuesday nights,” I challenged.

Dirk and Anna both laughed and Dirk said, “No I think we can work out a better schedule than that”. “Anna and I weren’t sure how you would respond to our advances although we were dying to get to that hot body of yours. We decided to take it slow and when you were open to my advances last week we decided to take it to the next level,” he concluded.

Anna repositioned herself so that she lay beside me. She was an imposing figure who dwarfed my petite size. She rolled toward me and took me in her arms pressing her firm tits into mine and kissing me deep. Immediately I felt a stirring in my loins. “God I thought to myself I am insatiable”.

Anna turned me on my side and we faced each other. Dirk got behind me and pressed his muscular frame against my back. The three of us cuddled and kissed each other for a short while. I could feel my pussy getting damp again and I could feel Dirk’s erection pressing in between the cheeks of my ass. Anna rolled over on her back and had me lay on top of her in a 69 position. She started to fingering and licking my pussy and I did to her as she did to me following her lead. Dirk got behind me and shoved his impressive cock into my pussy. As he fucked me from behind Anna suck my cunt from below. I was incredibly turned on and I drove into Anna’s pussy with renewed enthusiasm.

I soon had Anna writhing and moaning below me and she soon had another fanatic orgasm. She humped so hard that she almost tossed Dirk and I off of her. Dirk pulled out of my pussy and rolled over on his back so that I could mount him and ride out the mutual orgasms. I straddled Dirk’s body and lowered my pussy on his cock. He held me to him which caused my shapely ass to be exposed. As he fucked me harder and harder I tried to match his thrusts given my own excitement. I felt Anna behind me and I was worried with my ass exposed.

I needn’t have worried as she knelt behind me and began to lovingly kiss and caress my ass cheeks. “You have the most beautiful ass I have ever seen and now touched,” Anna complimented me.

Anna’s next move was alarming and caught me totally off guard. She ran her tongue between my buttocks and tickled my little pink rosebud. I had never had anyone touch me there and the feeling was eerie but at the same time exciting. She continued to kiss and eat my ass and then probed my asshole with her tongue. That set me over the edge and I humped Dirk’s cock like an animal in heat. All my gyrations got to Dirk and I felt him stiffen and shoot his load deep into my womb.

Anna kept right on licking my ass and as Dirk’s cock slipped from my pussy she was there to take it in her mouth. She sucked Dirk clean of his cum and my cunt juice. I rolled over on my back and Anna was right there to suck my pussy. She drink Dirk’s cum from my hole and licked up all juices around the entrance. I was drained and I just couldn’t move a muscle. I wasn’t sure how long we lay there before getting up to shower.

For the next several weeks Dirk, Anna and I got together on Tuesday and Thursday evenings. We started our sessions at 9:00 PM after the club was closed. We moved from Dirk’s office to one of the exercise rooms with mirrors. It was very erotic to watch ourselves engaged in a variety of sexual positions. We would fuck and suck each other and then shower, dress and head home. Sometimes we would frolic in the Jacuzzi as well. I started arriving home at 11:00 – 11:30 PM and I had told Peter that we held our meeting after the club closed and sometimes we worked out a little longer too. He could care less. The hardest thing for me was teaching the aerobic classes on Wednesday and Friday mornings following the intense sexual bouts of the night before.

One Wednesday morning after the aerobic class Anna offered to give me a massage. In addition to being a personal trainer she was a licensed Masseuse. We went into one of the massage rooms and locked the door. As I started to take off my spandex, Anna stopped me.

“No, no my dear let me do that for you,” she said in her sultry voice.

Anna peeled off my top and sport bra and complemented me on my breasts again. “They are so lovely and just the right size. I love you hard little nubs,” she said as she kissed, sucked, fondled my tits and tweaked my nipples.

She was so gentle for such a physical woman. She worked her way down my body to my abdomen and kissed me along the waistline. She pulled my shorts down over my buns and gasped as my ass came into view. Anna was fascinated with my ass and she loved to kiss it and rim my asshole. She kissed and played with my bottom a little longer before removing my shorts all the way. She turned me toward her and licked my pussy a couple of times tasting me.

“Now first the massage and then we will play a little bit,” she said as she patted my ass and tapped the massage table. “First the front and then the back,” she directed.

I hopped up on the table and lay on my back. Anna massaged every part of my body working out every kink and muscle tightness. She then had me turn over on my stomach and repeated the process on my shoulders, back and legs. I was totally relaxed when she finished. Anna then broke out some massage oil that had a pleasant almond-like scent. She rubbed it all over the back of my body and paid a lot of attention to my ass.

Anna was rubbing the oil into my buttocks when she spoke, “I know I have said this many times but you have the most incredible ass and now I am going to make love to your beautiful bottom”.

Anna lifted me by my hips so that my ass was elevated. She began kissing my shapely ass cheeks and rubbing her hands all over them. She tongued my asshole probing and licking my pink little rosebud. She surprised me when she placed one of her fingers at the entrance to my asshole and rubbed more oil around it. Then she slipped her slender finger into my bung hole and slowly moved it back and forth. At first I tensed up not knowing where this was headed, but then I relaxed as she continued to finger me. Anna inserted a couple of fingers in my pussy and moved her hand back and forth. She was fucking my pussy and ass and the same time with her fingers then with her other hand she searched for my clit hiding underneath its protective hood.

Anna twirled my clit in her fingers as she continued to finger fuck me with her hand. She then removed her finger from my asshole and replaced it with her thumb. She inserted the thumb slowly and allowed me to adjust to the increased thickness in my bung hole. Anna added the fingers to my pussy again and held me in a bowling ball grip. As she flexed her fingers and thumb together and rubbed my clit with her other hand I exploded with my first orgasm of the day.

Anna removed her hands and rolled me over on my back. She then dove into my womb clamping her mouth down on my pussy and sucked up my juice. As she lapped up my female juices she re-inserted a finger in my anus which caused me to flinch with yet another small orgasm. Anna sucked me dry and then she removed her finger from my ass then she came around the table to kiss me. She kissed me plunging her tongue into my mouth searching for my tongue. As we tongued dueled I could taste the juices from my pussy.

Anna said, “Time to get dressed”.

She was still clothed in her exercise gear when I looked at her and asked, “What about you?”

“Oh I’ll be fine. I’m little turned-on now but I want to save myself for this evening,” she said sexily.

I knew better than to ask what she meant or to quiz her about what was planned for this evening. In spite all of our rendezvous’ Dirk and Anna remained totally discreet. They never discussed any of their sexual couplings with me or with anyone and they never mentioned any other partners to me.

I got dressed and we returned to the gym where I got in a light workout. As I was working out, Walt came up to me smiling. As I watched him approach me I felt very intimidated by this man. Even at 60+ years old he had a physical presence and an air of confidence like no one I have ever met.

“Connie, I am having a pool party this Sunday afternoon. Why don’t you and your husband join us,” he offered.

“Wow I’ll check with him and see if we can get a sitter. Can we bring anything?” I replied trying not to sound too excited.

“No just your bathing suit, but thank you for asking. Anytime from 1:00 PM on will be fine. It will be Dirk, Anna and a few friends,” he continued. “I’ll look forward to seeing you and meeting Peter”.

I had heard about his place and that it was something special. The house wasn’t some mansion but it was impeccably decorated and the private grounds were beautifully landscaped. Now my challenge was to get Peter to agree to go with me. He had become such a stick-in-the-mud lately. He didn’t want to do anything socially or attend any functions.

When Peter arrived home that evening I told him about Walt’s invitation. His response was predictable. He had no interest in attending. I told him that I wanted to go with or without him that I heard the property was magnificent and I didn’t want to pass up the opportunity to see it. He told me that he was fine with me going and that he would probably go to the office if we could get a sitter. I suggested that he take the girls somewhere instead of going to his office. He decided against that and said that he needed to get a few things done at work.

That evening I went to bed annoyed at him. He wasn’t interested in social functions and he wasn’t interested in doing things with his family. All he cared about was his career. He was addicted to his job and he was getting more and more out of shape. He was becoming just a financial resource. So be it if that’s what he wanted I was still going to enjoy myself.

I tired to think of pleasant things so that I would not fall asleep angry. I wondered what Sunday would bring at Walt’s pool party. I fantasized about an orgy developing late into the evening and if one did would I participate? As I pictured nude bodies in a variety of positions I let my hand drift to my mound and diddled my clit. Relaxed after a mild orgasm I dozed off into a deep sleep.