 Secretly Julie admitted that she enjoyed most of the things Frank had called on her for. Some of them had brought her a great deal of pleasure and she found herself anxiously awaiting his next demand.

Then, on Tuesday evening, he made a surprising announcement. He told her that he only had one more event planned.

"It'll be on Saturday, and I'll explain more then," he told her. "After that we can discuss the whole situation and what we'll do if we decide to stay together."

She immediately fell into a state of nervous anticipation. This was the first time he had given her any advance notice and it stoked her arousal. She tried guessing what it might be, but to no avail. He had still not shared her, not with another woman, or other men, which were two things he had spent time talking about over the years. But she now knew, after the spanking, that there were some things which he had never mentioned.

Then she thought about Cindy. Suddenly, fear filled her as she imagined Frank having their daughter be the other woman. She had been closely watching the pair and was sure that their incestuous relationship continued. While she had no way of knowing if the girl would be willing to do anything with her mother, the fact that she was fucking her father made it seem like a possibility. If Julie ended up enjoying sex with the girl it would offer Frank the perfect protection against any backlash for screwing Cindy in the first place. And, with everything else Julie had found enjoyable, the idea of her also enjoying her daughter was not too farfetched. Memories of the way the girl had acted the one night Julie had spied on them, the dirty way she had talked, filled her thoughts. Concerned, she recognized how those acts effected her, how they had then, and how their memory was now.

So she started bouncing between emotions; one minute excited by the coming Saturday and its possibilities, the next fearful and concerned. She told herself over and over that she did not want Cindy and her to be Frank's plan, but then she would catch herself daydreaming about it an hour later.

Coming in from work on Friday she found Frank waiting for her in the bedroom with a couple of shopping bags. From them he pulled a short, light blue sun dress with a plunging neckline, a lacy lingerie set, just a shade lighter, and a pair of 5 inch stiletto heels.

"This is what you'll wear tomorrow," he told her. "Be ready at five."

She spent the next day watching the clock, her nerves nearly driving her crazy. At three she jumped in the shower and shortly after was standing in front of the full-length mirror, admiring herself in the lingerie. The bra displayed her breasts nicely, leaving the right amount of flesh and curves exposed. Lower on her body the panties performed the same task even better.

With butterflies in her stomach she donned the dress and heels then headed for the kitchen where Frank sat with a drink.

"You look good," he sighed thickly, his eyes crawling over her shapely body.

"Thank you. I think I'll have a drink too," she said, wanting to settle her nerves.

"Have a couple," his lips curled into a mischievous smirk that made her even more nervous.

"Where's Cindy?" She asked, unable to stop herself.

"She went out with some friends, won't be home till late," he shrugged.

Julie released a small sigh of relief. This meant she would not be expected to eat her daughter's pussy. Not tonight at least.

From there the time ticked by slowly. She ended up pouring herself a second drink. As the clocked reached the designated hour she thought her nerves were settling down, but when the doorbell rang she jumped.

"Go ahead and answer that," Frank chuckled.

On shaky legs she made her way to the front door and turned the knob.

"Wow!" One of the men declared, his eyes growing wide at the sight of her.

"Damn," the second man agreed.

Oh shit, Julie thought, recognizing the pair as two of Frank's coworkers.

Once again her emotions began bouncing from one extreme to another.

She regularly saw Jim and Chuck at company outings and when Frank hosted get-togethers during football season. They were good looking, and she had flirted with them over the years, so the idea of being intimate with them had its appeal. Additionally it seemed a little extra naughty, the idea that Frank would be sharing her with these men who she knew. It added an extra sense of excitement to the whole thing, one that she had not expected.

Yet at the same time it kind of bothered her too, the fact that these were men she and Frank socialized with regularly. Men who she would someday be serving snacks to while they sat remembering how she had sucked their cocks and took them into her pussy. Somehow she had failed to consider this possibility, that it might be men she would have to face afterwards. For some reason she had imagined it would be strangers, or at least rarely seen acquaintances. This aspect of it made it seem wrong somehow.

So she stood there, cast between the excitement and the fear.

As the pair moved past her they openly stared down at her cleavage, wide grins on their faces. She felt herself blushing slightly and followed them into the living room where Frank met them. The three men stepped to the bar while she slipped into the kitchen and chugged down the last of her drink.

Setting the glass down, she thought over her options. She could either keep her mouth shut, go along with everything, and deal with the consequences afterward. Or she could try to get Frank to change his mind, explain her concerns and hope he would understand. For a moment she even allowed herself to think it might work. Then she remembered his smirk, and his demanding attitude, and she knew it would not.

Trying to resign herself to the situation, she one again thought about the future and how these men would be looking at her in her shorts during football games and company picnics, remembering her wet pussy wrapped around their hard shafts. Electricity sparked down her spine, the combination of the situation's dirtiness and its scariness affecting her. She found that she needed to hold onto the table's edge to steady herself. While she listened to the men laughing in the other room she poured another drink. Then the doorbell rang and her fingers locked down on the table edge, her mind and body frozen in uncertainty. She wondered if the doorbell was a fluke, if it was just someone who happened to stop by, or if it was someone else Frank had invited to share in the evening's activities.

The second hand on the wall clock crawled along its path. The doorbell rang again.

"You gonna get that?" Frank's voice called out, his tone answering her question.

Taking a long sip of her drink she force herself to step from the kitchen confidently. Keeping her eyes averted from Frank and their guests she walked across the room and to the door where she found two more friends standing on the stoop. Like their predecessors, Ken and Bill both "wowed" over her appearance and openly ogled her. She showed them to the living room where they joined the others at the bar, then she once more slipped back into the kitchen to use the table to steady herself. A couple minutes later she sensed Frank sliding up beside her.

"What's up?" He asked.

"Frank--," she hesitated. Believing herself resigned to things, she had not thought about what she would say if given the chance. Now that he was giving her that chance, she discovered she was not even sure what she wanted to do. "Frank--."

There were four of them, five counting Frank. That was two more than she had ever had, two more than she had ever thought of being with. While this fact added to her fear, it also added to her excitement. Like the first two, Ken and Bill were flirt buddies so there was no problem there. Still she could not stop herself from questioning the judgment of Frank sharing her with men they were around regularly. Yet she also could not deny how the thought of them staring at her in the future, remembering this night and her body, was making her feel.

"Yes?" He pressed.

"I just, um--."

"You just what? You just don't want to go through with it? Or you just can't wait?" His voice was rough, but amused.

"I just . . . I'm not sure," she whispered.

"You're not sure? Well you were sure when you lied to me, when you had an affair," his tone lost its amusement. "You were sure when you let those other assholes use your body in front of me. And our daughter."

For a split-second Julie considered using his mention of Cindy as an opening to confront him on that subject, but quickly decided against it.

"So this is the deal," he continued. "You took my fantasy and messed it up. Now I'm either gonna get it back, or I'm through. You will be nice to us. You will do everything we say. And if you think your pussy was sore after those others were done with you . . . Now, you can call it quits, and we can contact a lawyer Monday morning. But it seems kind of silly to come this far, just to back down. Still, it is your choice. And you don't have a lot of time to make it."

With that he walked out, leaving her alone to closing her eyes, inhale deeply, and lift her glass to her lips.

It seemed like only a minute when he called for her to join them, making it decision time. Finishing her drink she set the glass down and walked into the living room where she found their guests sitting on the couch and in chairs. Frank motioned for her to join him by the television in front of them and as she walked to him she felt their eyes crawling over her body. When she got next to him, Frank draped an arm around her shoulders, his hand resting on her arm. The warmth of the contact reached down through her entire body, warming her blood. She stood there, in front of their guests, unable to meet their hungry stares, her eyes staring at the floor.

"Just to clarify again guys, you each have expressed an interest in my wife. Mostly by leering at her when you thought I wasn't looking." Everyone chuckled at his punch-line delivery. "So tonight we're gonna have some fun. In essence, she is not my wife tonight, she is a slut for us to do with as we please. Now of course she is my wife, so there are some limitations, such as no slapping or hitting. And after tonight, she returns to being my wife, once again off limits to all of you. Remember, I am a gun owner."

This time their chuckles carried slightly less humor.

"The way this is gonna start is with her being our waitress, general eye-candy, and intermission entertainment. While we watch a movie she's gonna stand next to the TV and keep our drinks fresh. We'll pause the movie a few times, during which she'll make her way around the room and get a little better acquainted with everyone." There were quiet cheers of approval at this. "After the movie, we'll see where things go."

Stepping away to take his own seat, Frank told her to go ahead and refresh all their drinks before he started the movie. On shaky legs she moved to stand in front of each of them, taking and returning their glasses one-by-one. Although she tried, she still could not meet their gazes and her own eyes remained downcast, even as she took her post beside the TV.

The movie was a classic action flick and at first the men seemed torn between watching it and mentally undressing her. After a few minutes she managed to lift her own eyes enough to glance around at their legs, and slightly higher. When she did she spotted a couple of bulges already appearing at some crotches. She blushed as she realized what this meant; that these men were getting aroused by staring at her. They were sitting there imagining what she would look like naked, or what they were going to be doing to her in a little while, and they were getting aroused. It was very flattering.

Then she realized something else. She had thought the decision to go through with tonight had been hard to make, but in truth she knew she would do it all along. She knew she would let Frank share her with these men because the idea was too exciting not to do it. It did not matter that they were friends, or that she would have to face them next month at the company outing. In fact that made it even better. The idea that they would spend the company picnic looking at her, thinking about her and this night was intoxicating. It made her flesh tingle and her blood steam, it made her loins smolder with an awakening heat.

Lost in her thoughts she did not hear Bill call for her to refresh his drink at first. But when she did she walked over to him, her hips swaying with a little more confidence. He made her bend way over to fill his glass and stared at her cleavage. Stepping back to her post she saw a couple of the others gulping at their drinks, trying to empty them quickly.

Only one of them managed to call for a refill before Frank paused the movie for the first intermission.

"Why don't you make-out with each guy while sitting in our laps," he said, his tone removing the question in his words.

Ken sat the furthest from her husband. As she stepped over to him she felt herself being filled with excited nerves. She let him pull her into his lap and watched him winch as his enthusiasm caused her to plop awkwardly onto his semi-erect cock. But he quickly recovered and drew her down into him, his arms wrapping around her as their lips met. Folding into him she kissed him back, opening her mouth to accept his tongue. His strong arms held her, mashed their bodies together. They kissed again and again, their lips parting, reconnecting. Ken's hands moved over her body, one minute caressing her torso and coming teasingly close to her breast, the next rubbing her outer thigh, sliding along the edge of her dress. His one hand slipped to the back of her head, his fingers tugging at her hair gently. He pulled his mouth from hers, bent her neck back slightly and leaned in to nibble at her throat for a few seconds. Then he returned to pressing his lips to hers. Her passion grew. The embers within her loins began to smolder hotly, causing her juices to start flowing. Between kisses she inhaled hungrily, her breathing labored, heavy. She felt his cock throb beneath her ass and she ground herself against it.

After a few minutes they separated and she slowly rose from his lap. She next allowed herself to be pulled into Jim's lap, to be folded in against him, embraced by his strong arms. As their tongues slid over one another his hand slipped to the underside of her breast, his fingers scratching at it through her dress. Wiggling her ass around she located his cock and pressed her body down against it. Again their actions stirred her arousal, made the heat in her loins radiate out and warm her entire body.

Her breathing was even heavier when she next moved to Chuck's lap. Rather than having her sit sideways, he had her straddle his lap, spreading her legs open across his thighs. His arms pulled her into him, smashing both her tits against his chest. Then his hands slid to her sides where they caressed her a few times before resting just beneath her breasts, his thumbs brushing at the mounds. Blood rushed to her nipples, making them stiffen inside her bra. They kissed, their lips pressed together, their tongues swirling against each other. His throbbing cock bulged in his pants, pressing up against her crotch and her body responded, growing hotter, her pussy growing wetter.

Like Chuck, Bill had her straddle him. But once he had drawn her down against him, their lips pressed together, tongues swirling, his hands slid back around to cup her ass. His fingers squeezed her cheeks, their tips brushing at her flesh along the dress' hiked-up hem. The delicate contact sent sparks shooting along her flesh, fanning her smoldering embers. His cock throbbed at the inside of her thigh and as she shifted to press her crotch against it she whimpered quietly.

Climbing from his lap she walked to Frank on unsteady legs. He pulled her into his lap sideways and drew her in against him, smashing her body into his. He lightly kissed her then leaned back to stare into her eyes beneath their heavy lids.

"Enjoying yourself?" He whispered.

The time in the other's laps had affected her; the men's lips on hers, their arms pressing her body against theirs. She was becoming lost in her passion, her mind clouded by it, so she was unable to answer him verbally, but could only return his heated gaze. That was good enough though. Smiling, he placed a hand on the back of her head and pushed her face into his. Their lips met, pressing together in a passionate kiss. Again her body responded, her flesh and her sex warming with the electricity racing through her. When they stopped Frank helped her climb from his lap and then held her hand while she took several deep breaths and steadied her legs for the walk back to her post beside the TV.

The men allowed her the time to gather herself before they started calling for their drinks to be refreshed. As she walked from one to the other she took long looks at the bulges now so evident at their crotches and surges of pride washed through her. Taking their glasses to the bar and back she felt them watching her closely, their eyes devouring her swaying hips and flushed skin, and she found the sensation arousing. She knew they were looking at her with their own hunger; wanting her, desiring her, their lust roaring because of her. And hers was roaring because of them. The idea that she had just been sitting in their laps, in all their laps, making-out with each of them was affecting her in this, making their lustful stares enticing.

After refreshing all their drinks she took the opportunity to get herself another one. Once more returning to her post, she stood nervously spinning back and forth slightly, the hem of the dress swishing lightly with her movements. Although Frank restarted the movie she now sensed the men looking at her more than the TV screen. She tried to keep her eyes downcast, but they kept slipping up to glance at their bulges. Each new sighting sent shivers racing through her, making her anxious for the next intermission to arrive.

And because of this it seemed to take forever before it did.

Pausing the movie again Frank told her to repeat her earlier acts. This time she folded into Ken's lap more freely, as she did the others after him. As expected the men were hornier now, and therefore more handsy. Ken immediately reached up to cup and massage her tits through the dress. She felt her nipples grow hard, felt them send hungry messages along her nerves. As their tongues dueled, her body made her push her chest harder into his grasp, making him squeeze and manipulate her fleshy mounds with more force. She became lost in the sensations being stimulated in her and hesitated when their time was called, lingering with her lips to his for a moment longer. When she did pull herself from his lap her chest heaved with her ragged breathing.

Moving from one man to the next she let them each caress and massage her body, her breasts, her ass. She ground herself against their throbbing bulges, wiggling and squirming to feel their cocks at her crotch. She shoved her tits into their hands. The mounds ached more with each cupping, every massage. Deep inside her she felt the desire for them to be handled freely, to be released from her clothing and to be touched directly. She kissed the men passionately, her lips firmly to theirs, her tongue swirling with theirs. She moaned into their mouths, whimpered when she had to pull away to move on. By the time she got to Bill her embers had ignited into fires, she felt their flames burning inside her as her pussy grew damp.

Then she again approached Frank on weak legs. Sliding down to straddle his lap she felt his cock press at her crotch. Whimpering and panting she ground herself against it as she leaned in and pressed her tits into him. She wiggled into his hands as she felt them reach back and squeeze her ass.
