 This is the fourth chapter in the series, hopefully you have read the previous other chapters, if not then do it NOW! Just kidding. It would help you to read the previous other chapters to get the back story on Stacy and the rest of the characters. I hope this new chapter will not disappoint. So please read, enjoy, and as always give me your feedback.

Stacy's head is swimming with what's going on. Her pornstar friend and one of her male co-stars are sensually kissing and licking her upper neck and chest area. Reaching underneath her, Serena begins to undo her friend's burgundy bra, the newlywed lifts her back of the bed to assist with the removal. The bra is quickly unsnapped. Slowly, the blonde porn vixen pulls the bra free of her friend.

All the while this is happening, Mike is now sucking and licking Stacy's stomach, running his wider tongue in a rough yet sensuous way against Stacy's warm delicate skin. With her breasts now exposed to the fresh air. Serena takes her friend's right succulent breast in the palm of her right hand. Using long, slow, soft licks, the blonde porn vixen causes Stacy to begin to moan.

Serena using her free hand gently caresses Stacy's other breast, running her middle and index finger over her friend's sensitive nipple causing the nipple to harden with the delicate touch. Mike continues his decent downward toward Stacy's panty covered pussy. 

Mike is now planting a few soft playful kisses and licks on Stacy's flesh just above the panties. Mike begins to push the young married blonde's legs a part, she instinctively spreads her legs as well. The male pornstar begins to lick Stacy's well-toned right inner thigh, while he brings his large right muscular hand to come lay on her panty covered sex.

This causes the young newlywed to gasp. As Mike is now running his tongue in longer licks against Stacy's divine inner thigh, his hand begins to rub Stacy's slit up and down through the panties. This occurs while Serena is switching from one of her friend's breast to the other. She runs her tongue over one of Stacy's nipple in long circular motions then sucks the nipple in her mouth as the blonde pornstar rubs and squeezes the other breast. Serena. The blonde porn vixen alternates between each breast every few minutes or so.

What this has done is caused Stacy's breasts to glisten with her saliva, with nipples standing erect from the amazing tongue work her friend is performing on her. With the tongue bath her breasts are receiving from Serena and with Mike rubbing her panty covered pussy, the married blonde vixen moans grows louder by the second.

Serena lifts her head from Stacy's right breast and moves up to kiss her friend's lips. Stacy is the first one to open her mouth and have their tongue slither to the other's lips. The blonde porn starlet opens her mouth to accept the friendly intruder. When the two tongues touch it's electric. Stacy support herself with her right elbow to better participate in the tongue-twinning kiss the gorgeous blonde's are sharing, she then uses her left hand to pull her friend into the kiss.

As the two hot blonde vixens kiss deeps with passion and as their tongues and spit mix, Serena runs her left hand through Stacy's long blonde hair lovingly, while her right hand is placed on her friend's soft right cheek.

As this is going on at the top of the bed, Mike uses his right hand to move Stacy's panties aside, getting his first look at the beautiful married blonde's sexy pussy. Using his large manly fingers, the male pornstar runs his index, middle, and four fingers along Stacy's moistening folds. Stacy takes in a quick breath druring her kiss with Serena at the realization that another man other than her husband is touching her pussy.

Mike leans down and begins to run his tongue over Stacy's lips in a long, rough up and down motions along the blonde's sweet pussy. Serena's male co-star is running his tongue over the folds of Stacy's aroused sex. Mike's tongue runs in between Stacy's lips, bringing her tasty juices into his own mouth. 

Soon Stacy's pussy was glistening with the male pornstar's saliva. When he felt that she was thoroughly moist taking his big and long middle finger into his mouth to lick to ensure his finger is wet. Mike places his large middle digit at the entrance to the blonde newlywed's opening. With a slow long push he begins to insert his finger into Stacy. Mike finds the married blonde vixen's pussy to be very wet. Smiling to himself, he begins to plunge his large middle finger in and out of Stacy with increasing rapidity as he then begins to lick along her folds.

As Stacy begins to moan through the kiss she is sharing with her pornstar friend, Serena brakes the kiss and lays her back on the bed and plants a sweet kiss on her forehead. "Lay back and enjoy the attention baby." says Serena.

Serena plants a few more kisses on her friend's chest as Mike is now using his index and middle finger to plunge in and out of Stacy. First taking the right breast in her palm, Stacy runs her tongue along the nipple and then sucks it into her mouth. Then Serena repeats this action with her married friend's other breast. The attention her breasts are receiving from her friend and the attention her pussy is getting from Mike's tongue and fingering skills are causing the married blonde vixen to moan and pant uncontrollably.

Now Serena's mouth moves down, her lips and tongue drifting downward over Stacy's stomach. Lynn softly runs her tongue all over her friend's smooth belly, her slim waist as she reached up with her hands, kneading and squeezing the married blonde vixen's soft breasts. This slow sensual decent of the blonde porn vixen was a torture on Stacy's body. Feeling her body tremble as she desperately yearned for her friend's tongue to continue it's exploration.

Serena's tongue finally arrives just above Stacy's sex. The blonde pornstar wanting to continue to tease her married friend runs her tongue in heart shaped motions along just inches from her friend's pussy. Seeing her friend squirm long enough on the bed, Serena makes her final decent to Stacy's pussy.

Pushing her friend's legs apart as far as they will go, Serena lay down next to Mike. As his two fingers are plunging in and out of the married blonde's hole at speeds of light, his tongue is joined by the blonde porn vixen. Mike's and Stacy's tongues are both running up and down and all around the married blonde' lips.

"Oh my god, two people are eating me." is all that runs through Stacy's lust filled brain as pleasure erupts throughout her body.

Faster and faster, deeper and deeper Mike's fingers plunge inside of Stacy as the tongues of two people lick and suck upon her pussy lips, causing the married blonde to grasp the bed comforter tightly in her hands as her breathing becomes labored. Stacy begins to move her own hips to meet the strokes of Mike's fingers.

"OH YES! EAT MY PUSSY! EAT ME! EAT ME!" gasps Stacy.

As Mike contines to lick and suck on Stacy's pussy lips, Serena moves her attention to her married friend's clit. With ease, Serena spreads Stacy's fold to find her pleasure nub. Leaning her head down, the blonde porn vixen, gives the nub a few quick flicks with her tongue. Causing her friend's moan to deepen in sound. Serena begins to run her tongue over the clit in a circular motion, this brings one of Stacy's hands to rest on the top of her pornstar friend's head pushing Serena's mouth harder into her clit.

Serena is now ferociously sucking the tiny erect nub into her mouth as Mike's finger and oral assault is pushing Stacy closer and closer to her first orgasm. 

"YES! OH YES! YES!" moans out Stacy from the oral onslaught her pussy is receiving from Serena and Mike.

Serena noticing how close her friend is to a release, now begins to run her talented tongue in a figure eight motion over Stacy's erect clit, alternating with sucking her friend's clit into her mouth. Mike begins to use a curling motion with his two fingers as they plunge in and out of the married blonde's soaked pussy all the while his tongue licks along Stacy's folds.

As Serena begins to lightly bite on her friend's clit, this action pushes her over the edge. Stacy pulls her hand off of her friend's head and brings her two arm above her head as her body beings to buck from the shockwaves moving out from her pussy over her body. 

"YESSSSS!" is the only word that escapes the lips of Stacy as the orgasm flows over her.

Mike's two fingers keep up the plunging action as Stacy's pussy begins to spasm and clamp around his fingers all the while Serena is sucking her friend's clit furiously leaving the married blonde to to a panting and squealing form of herself.

Mike pulls his fingers free of Stacy's pussy and begins to lick and suck them clean as he pull his face from her sex. As the blonde newlywed is still panting on the bed, Serena moves her head down to her pussy lips and gives her married friend's lips a few lovingly long sensual licks, to get her own delicious taste. 

Serena gives her friend's satisfied pussy one last kiss before moving up her body, laying next to her, pressing her body close to her friend's, their lips meet in a soft passionate kiss. The blonde newlywed can taste herself on the succulent lips of her friend's. The two gorgeous blondes' hands reach down to caress and explore one another's bodies. Hands gliding over smooth tan skin, over the roundness of one another's breasts and asses, between sleek thighs to the feminine essence found there.

As the two hot gorgeous blondes shared a passionate tongue twinning kiss and embrace, Mike watches closely as he tugs and rubs himself through his boxers. Out of the corner of her eye, the blonde porn starlet notices Mike's actions. Breaking the kiss with her friend and using her hand to turn Stacy's attention to the male pornstar. Serena says "I think he needs some help.", with a sinister smile on her face.

Smiling as well, Stacy says "I think we can do that."

The two gorgeous blondes move toward Mike, who is siting on the edge of the bed. Stacy moves next to the male pornstar and leans up and soon the two lips meet in a kiss. At first slow, but quickly, the blonde newlywed open her mouth and slides her tongue against his lips. Mike's lips open easily and the slides his tongue to meet Stacy's. The two are sharing a breathtaking, tongue-twinning kiss as Serena stands up and removes her white cotton lace bra and white cotton lace thong panties. All the while she removed the panties, she was unable to take her eyes off her friend kissing Mike.

Once the blonde pornstar steps out of her panties, she moves back over to Stacy and Mike. She leans in to where her married friend and the male pornstar are sharing a tongue-twinning kiss and injects herself into the kiss. With a little adjustment between Stacy and Mike, Serena is able to be an equal part to the kiss. 

The tongues of Stacy, Mike, and Serena are all now wrestling with each other, exploring one another's mouth as the kiss explodes into a threeway kiss. Stacy brakes the kiss to catch her breath, allowing for Serena and Mike to continue their passionate kiss. The blonde porn vixen, brakes the kiss with her male co-star and lean in toward the newlywed and their lips seek out one another's in a quick passionate kiss.

Pulling away from Stacy's supple lips, Serena whispers something in her friend's ear, which causes the married vixen to nod her head with a giggle. Hand and hand the two blondes descend upon Mike with them pushing him back onto the bed.

"Whoa!" says Mike.

"Your in our hands now baby" says Serena as her and Stacy laugh at loud.

Each of the blondes takes a position on either side of the male pornstar. Stacy begins to plant kisses and licks over his extremely muscular chest, as the blonde pornstar runs her tongue over Mike rock hard abs. Mike runs his right hand over Stacy back, as he runs his left hand over Serena's round firm ass. 

Stacy runs her tongue over the male pornstar's right nipple, gently sucking his tiny nipple into her mouth, then she moves her attention to his other nipple. Serena continues to lick Mike's stomach as she brings her right hand down over his tight muscular stomach and onto his boxers. The blonde pornstar begins to rub his member through his boxers. 

Serena lifts her head up and calls to Stacy with her finger. Serena is now kneeling on Mike's left side as Stacy kneels on his right, as the blonde pornstar continues to massage him through the boxers, and that is where the blonde newlywed's gaze is mesmerized to.

"Bring your hand over here Stacy. I know you want to touch him."says Serena to her friend seeing how intent her gaze is on what is found under Mike's boxers.

Seeing that Stacy is unable to make a move, her friend removes her own hand from Mike's boxers front, and takes Stacy's hand into hers and brings it toward the male pornstar's assets. Stacy takes in a deep breath as she watches her own hand descend onto another man, with the help of her friend. 

"Oh my." replies Stacy as he hand come into contact with Mike and instinctively her hand grasps the penis.

Serena smiles deviously to herself as she sees her friend fearfully, but gently squeezes the large shaft in her hand. With the help of Serena, Stacy's hand begins to rub up and down Mike's shaft. After allowing her friend a chance to get friendly with the male pornstar's large asset, Serena grabs the sides of his boxers and begins to pull them off his hips, he lifts up to allow the boxers to slips off with ease.

Before she pulls the boxer completely off, Serena playfully places her right hand over the eyes of her friend. With a quick pull from her left, Mike's boxers are removed and are thrown to the floor. Pulling her hand away, she says "Ta Da!"

With wide eyes and a open mouth, Stacy is left staring at the large penis before her. "Oh my god that, his penis is so large." retorts Stacy.

"Stace, anything that huge is a cock." smiles Serena.

"Wow that's the biggest…um…c.c.cock, I've ever seen."says a flummoxed Stacy.

All the blonde pornstar can do is laugh at her friend's response. "Go ahead and touch his cock baby."

First looking at Serena, then looking at Mike, then down to his large cock, she slowly begins to bring her right hand toward the prize before her.

"It won't bite you." replies Mike to the hesitant Stacy.

Stacy's hand inches closer and closer to Mike's erect member and as she takes a final deep breath, her hand finally makes contact with Mike. Stacy's hand is dwarfed by the male pornstar's cock. Slowly she begins to slide her hand up and down the large shaft.

"Wow, it's so big and hard." exclaims an amazed Stacy.

"It's beautiful isn't Stace." whispers Serena into her friend's ear.

"Uh huh." replies the mesmerized newlywed, as she really begins to use full long strokes on the large cock.

Serena just smiles to herself as she watches her friend enjoy the exploration of such a large penis. Now a little more confident, Stacy brings her other hand over and begins to pull on the male pornstar's large asset with both of her hands.

Turning her head from Mike's cock and to Serena and asks "How big is…it?"

"How big is what?" teases Serena

"You know, his…his…pen…I mean co…ck." says a red faced Stacy.

Well I think Mike is the best to answer that particular question." says a laughing Serena.

Looking at Stacy, Mike says "Well my cock is 10 inches fully erect."

"Oh." is all Stacy can say as she continues to stroke his cock.

Moving over to Stacy, Serena notices the lust in her friend's eyes for the cock before her and says in a sultry voice, "Doesn't he look yummy, he tastes great, so Stacy, why don't you give him a taste." And upon that statement, the blonde porn vixen gently pushes down on the back of her friend's head. Never in her life had Stacy wanted to taste a man and now that is all she wanted to do was taste Mike's very large cock.

Stacy's lips opens as she inches toward Mike and as her lips make contact with his large bulbous head, she sticks her tongue out. With eyes closed, she flicks her tongue half way on the head and the side of the shaft. Causing the cock to twitch from her contact. Seeing that nothing horrible happened, Stacy opens her eyes with a devilious grin on her face.

The blonde newlywed begins to run her tongue up and down the length of Mike in a spiral motion, as she continues to grasp him at the base of the shaft.

"MMMM! YES THAT FEEL SO GOOD STACY!" exclaims Mike as he brings his large muscular hand and places on the married woman's head, allowing him to better direct her at the task at hand.

Stacy's tongue bath leaves Mike glistening with saliva and at full attention. After making a long lick up his entire length and over his piss slit, Stacy open her mouth and lowers her lips to accept him into her mouth. Not sure how much of Mike she can get into her mouth, the married blonde gets the large head and a couple inches of him into her mouth.

Not waiting, Stacy begins to suck on him voraciously, rolling her tongue over the top of his head and along the piss slit. Mike is now gently applying more pressure to the back of Stacy's head. Serena is thrilled at the sight of her friend sucking a man's cock.

"Yeah suck Mike's cock baby. Suck it." hisses Serena as her friend twists the shaft in her hand as she slowly takes inch after inch in her mouth until she can not take any more. The blonde porn vixen not wanting to be left out, moves toward Stacy and lowers her face and begin to lick his balls. Starting with the right one, the porn vixen gently grasps it in her hand and runs her tongue over it in big circles then sucks it into her mouth, then she moves over to the left ball and continues the same oral assault, all the while Stacy sucks him in and out of her mouth.

"I can't believe I'm doing this, sucking another man's cock and god it's such a big cock", think Stacy to herself as she runs her tongue over the huge shaft before her.

As the gorgeous married blonde drags her tongue up to Mike's head and rolls it around in a circle, Serena moves her attention from his balls and runs her tongue over his shaft as well. While Stacy is now sucking on the large knob, the blonde porn starlet is running her tongue over every inch of his shaft. Serena is so happy to be sharing a cock like this together, that a smile can not help but escape her face as her tongue rolls over Mike's length.

"Damn girls, that feels so fucking GOOD!" exclaims Mike as his mind is being blow by the attention he is receiving from the two gorgeous blondes. The two hot blonde vixens just instinctively smile at one another because of his comment. As Stacy is running her tongue over Mike's piss slit collecting some of his sticky pre-cum onto her tongue and bringing it into her mouth, Serena own tongue is now running around the underside of his bulbous head.

"YES! OH YES! MMMMMM, YES!" IS ALL Mike can reply to the oral attention he is receiving from Stacy and Serena.

As Serena's tongue flicks over Mike head, her tongue makes contact with brings her tongue with Stacy's. The two blondes' tongues quickly wrestle with one another over the top on the male pornstar's piss slit. Looking into one another's eyes, the two hot blondes begin to run their tongues down the length of the large cock, from time to time, their tongues met for a quick and slippery exchange. The two blonde vixens were sharing tongue kisses as the cock was between their lips.

"Hey Serena, you take over." says Stacy, after spending the last few minutes in a lascivious dance with Serena's tongue along Mike's shaft and now self-assured, the married blonde pulls her mouth away and hands him over to Serena. 

While watching her pornstar friend sucking Mike's cock, the married blonde begins to play with his balls. Slowly tracing her well-manicured fingers over his right ball and then his left, all the while Serena was using her talented mouth and tongue over Mike.
