 Julie was carried into the bedroom by her husband while four of their male friends followed closely behind. The time making-out with each of them had affected her. She was aroused and panting. Her fires burned hot in her loins. While being carried through the house she thought about what was coming and grew even more excited. In the bedroom Frank laid her on the bed then stepped back to join the others in staring down at her. Stretching out, extending her arms and legs, she felt the five sets of eyes on her, felt them crawling over her body, devouring her. Her body quivered with anticipation. Her hard nipples stood swollen and red atop her breasts. Her panties were soaked by the juices leaking from her pussy. Staring back up at the men she read their tension. She watched them start to undress. Her eyes jumped from one bulging crotch to the next, her hips beginning to roll slightly upon the bedspread. She sighed softly when the first cock popped into view.

Moments later she watched as they moved to the bed, moved toward her, their hard cocks pointing out from their bodies.

"What a hot little piece," Jim smiled, his hand covering a tit.

"A slutty lil' goddess," Bill agreed, climbing on the bed to massage her other breast.

Then there were hands all over her. They were on her calves, her thighs, her abdomen. They were in her hair. They were massaging her feet. On the insides of her thighs hands moved closer and closer to her covered sex, making it ache with desire, ache to be touched. Their hands seemed to caress hundreds of sensitive nerve endings everywhere at once, igniting her flesh. Closing her eyes she rolled her head to one side and sighed.

There were comments about how hot she looked, how beautiful she was, how desirable. There were ones calling her a whore, a slut, and a horny little bitch. But no matter the comment's character; sweet or dirty, they all shared two things. They agreed that she was going to be fucked long, hard, and several times through the night. And they stoked the fires burning deep inside her.

Their hands and their words sent electrical sparks jolting from everywhere in her body to everywhere else. She began to slither upon the bedspread, her entire body gyrating with the multiple contacts. Whimpering and moaning she first moved against one hand, then slid against another.

Warm air brushed across a breast seconds before a warm, wet mouth closed over it. Jim sucked on her tit, his tongue swishing over her captured nipple.

"Ohhh," she moaned, arching her back off the bed.

Then a second mouth covered the other nipple, its tongue more forcible. Her body reacted, arching her back more and pushing herself skyward against those suckling mouths and licking tongues. Her head flopped from side to side.

Hands grabbed the sides of her panties and started to pull them down. She wiggled and shifted, working her ass and legs to assist in their removal. Her legs spread themselves wide afterwards. Cool air rushed across her pussy, making the nerves tingle. Delighted gasps came from the men. Her swollen lips glistened with her juices, her pussy wet and hungry looking. Her engorged clit poked out from under its hood, hard and wanting. She did not care how this looked, how it exposed her slutty hunger. Perhaps if she had thought about it she might have, if she had thought about how this might look to the men tomorrow. But she did not think about this and so she did not care.

Her body continued to squirm under the collection of hands and the mouths on her breasts. An orgasm surged into existence within her loins. Her hips gyrated freely, her ass sliding across the bedspread in an attempt to make the hands nearest her sex touch her there. Then the mattress shifted as someone climbed onto it. The feel of random hands on her inner thighs was replaced by the distinct feel of a pair of them being placed where the limbs joined her body.

"You want him to eat your pussy, slut?" Ken asked from somewhere above her. "You want Chuck to eat your pussy?"

"Yesss. Ohhh yes," she sighed, her hips raising her off the bed.

She felt the heat emanating from his face as it hovered near her sex. His breath swirled across her wetness. She whimpered as he held himself back, just inches from her, his breath caressing her again and again. 

"Ohhh yes," she mewed. "Yesss."

"She a talker Frank?" Ken asked.

"Oh yes," came her husband's answer.

Ken filled his hand with her hair and turned her face toward him. "Talk to us slut. Tell us you want your pussy eaten."

"Yesss. Ohhh yes," she whimpered. "I want my pussy eaten."

Suddenly Chuck's tongue slammed against her clit. He planted it on top of the swollen nub. Rolled it over and over. Thunderbolts shot through her. Her orgasm raced toward the ledge only to stop short of its release. Her hips snapped, driving her sex at his face. One of her hands worked its way to where she could grab onto the back of his head and push his face into her, her fingers twining into his hair. 

"Ohhh yes. Eat my pussy," she cried. "God yes."

Chuck continued rubbing his tongue back and forth over her clit. Then Ken pushed his lips against hers, drove his tongue into her mouth. Suddenly with four separate mouths attached to her, her orgasm worked its way closer to exploding through her. Every inch of her body seemed to be on fire. She humped and slithered upon the bed, pushed herself this way and that, trying to be everywhere at once. She arched her back higher, cramming her tits at the men's mouths. Her hunger became a blazing mass of white heat, scorching her, making her cry and moan.

When Ken pulled his mouth from hers she rolled her head away, looked at the bed's other side. She saw Frank standing there, watching her, watching the men toy with her body. He was smiling and slowly stroking his cock, precum glistening on its head. Her eyes locked onto it and she reflexively licked her lips.

"You want it?" He asked her. "You want my cock in your mouth?"

"Yesss," she sighed, her eyes rising back up to meet his.

Climbing onto the bed he moved toward her. She reached out to his cock, her fingers wrapping around it. She leaned toward it, her tongue slipping past her lips to lick the precum from its head. Her orgasm inched forward to peek over the edge.

"You want us to face-fuck you with our cocks slut," Frank told her, binding his fingers into her hair.

His tone was rough and demeaning, and it added to the passions raging within her. Whimpering, she looked up into his eyes and placed her lips at the tip of his cock. He pushed his hips forward, quickly sliding a couple inches into her mouth. Holding her head in place he began to pump himself in and out, steadily adding more of it until he was jamming the length of his cock into her mouth with each forward thrust, shoving it into her throat. The sensation of it sliding across her lips, brought her orgasm teetering to the brink. She whimpered, hungrily sucking on it with the need filling her body.

"Yea, you nasty little whore," Frank growled. "You cock sucking slut. You like being face-fucked."

His rocking hips grew more demanding with his words. The others were still licking and suckling her other parts while a collection of hands still caressed her flesh. Everything combined to make her orgasm inch closer and closer to the edge until it hung there, precariously dangling over it. It teased her with its nearness, with its promise of explosive pleasure.

"Mmmm," she loudly moaned, wanting it to be freed.

"Oh yea, she's loving it," Ken whistled.

His voice was filled with lust, a lust she imagined was created by watching her slutty display. Suddenly she pictured herself laying there, naked and writhing under the touch of these five men, her mouth being fucked like a pussy. The orgasm's precarious grip on the edge was torn loose. It exploded. Crashed through her.

"Mmmm-mmmm. Mmmm," she groaned, her body snapping with the clenching of her muscles.

A second later she started to convulse, her body jumping and jerking as her nerves and muscles were electrocuted. Her actions caused the mouths to be jerked from her breasts, but they were quickly replaced by hands; hands that kneaded and fingers that tweaked her nipples. Her own hand locked Chuck's head in place, her hips bucking up and grinding herself against his tongue. Her thighs tried to slam shut on his head but the couple sets of hands on them kept her from doing so. Having trouble with her breathing she tried pulling her mouth off Frank's cock, but he kept his hold as well. He did give her some relief by allowing her to keep it from thrusting into her throat using the fingers wrapped around its base. For several minutes her orgasm wracked her body, caused her to twist and writhe.

"Mmmm," she cried over and over.

"Look at the whore," Bill gasped.

"The bitch is loving this," Jim cheered.

As her orgasm began to fade, her hips started to settle back to the bed, and her hand loosened in Chuck's hair. She turned her attention back to sucking Frank's cock, rolling her tongue over it as she did.

"I'm gonna fuckin' cum, bitch," Frank told her. "I'm gonna cum in your mouth."

She knew he was right. She felt his cock stiffening. A second later he froze with his hips thrust forward. His semen began shooting into her mouth. Locking her lips tightly around him she sucked hard as she gulped and swallowed.

"Oh yea, swallow it bitch," he growled. "Swallow my cum like a good little whore."

Chuck slipped from under her grasp to rise up and watch, the loss of attention to her clit causing her to whimper.

"Oh man, it's been forever since a bitch swallowed my load," Ken groaned.While she swallowed the last of Frank's cum then continued to suckle on his cock the bed shifted, some of the men changing positions. Her husband's fingers in her hair slipped away, only to be replaced by someone else's. She was then pulled off his cock and her head was turned to the other side. Looking up she saw Ken kneeling before her, his cock being shoved at her mouth. With a moan she readily wrapped first her fingers then her lips around it.

"Ohhhh God yes," he sighed, his hips jutting forward. "God yes, suck it bitch."

A minute later Chuck leaned back down, his tongue licking up along her pussy to her clit. Two of his fingers pressed at her opening, their tips entering her, caressing the edge. The sensation made her sex quiver. Made it ache to be entered, to be opened and penetrated. Her muscles tightened, her hips rose to shove herself at those fingers. Her hand tried to once again find the back of Chuck's head. But it was grabbed and drawn upward. Near her own head it encountered another rigid shaft and her fingers reflexively wrapped themselves around it, tugging. Peering up from the corner of her eyes she saw Bill kneeling above her, across from Ken. It was his cock she was now jerking-off while his friend face-fucked her with the cock in her other hand. Jim and Frank still knelt beside her, caressing and massaging her breasts. The multiple sensations made her hips jerk as they pressed her pussy at Chuck's fingers, her aching sex wanting more and more to be filled.

"Mmmm-mmmm," she whimpered hungrily.

"I think the slut wants something in her pussy," Jim cheered.

"Is that right whore?" Bill asked. "You want your pussy fucked?"

Again she was struck by the thrill and the lust in their voices. She knew she was giving them a show acting like she was, being a slut for all of them. This knowledge fueled her own lust, made her sex want a stiff cock even more. Made it want to be penetrated even more.

"Mmmm. Mmmm," she whimpered, her hips lifting higher.

"Come on slut," Jim chided. "You can do better than that. Tell us you want it."

She was torn. The lust in his voice made her want to be the slut he was demanding she be, made her want to speak out and tell them to fuck her. But to do so, she would have to release Ken's cock, and she did not want to do that. As her mind argued with itself, her body continued to roll and hump upon the bed. Her bucking hips did manage to cause a couple more millimeters of Chuck's fingertips to enter her, but the miniscule addition only served to tease her more.

"Ohhh God yes," Ken groaned, the length of his cock slipping into her throat.

With his hand in her hair he held it there for a moment, grinding his crotch at her face. This decided the argument. Her body was still quivering through the last of her orgasm's aftershocks and one of them hit while she was being made to deep throat the cock. The simultaneous sensations of these awoke another orgasm deep inside her, making her entire body ache with the need her pussy had been throbbing with. When Ken finally drew back, his grip on her head loosening, she pulled her lips from around his shaft.

"Fuck me. Fuck my pussy," she moaned, her hands jerking the two cocks. "Fuck me with your fingers. With your cock. Fuck me. Fuck me."

"Get back on my cock bitch," Ken growled, pushing her mouth back onto him.

Obediently she locked her lips around him once more as his hips drove forward. He immediately started to pump himself at her faster and faster, his cock growing stiffer, his grunts growing rougher. Recognizing the signs of his nearing climax she pulled at his cock's base and sucked hungrily, her desire fanned by the idea of swallowing a second load. Concentrating on this she barely noticed her ass being lifted so pillows could be stuffed under it. Her spread legs were then raised into the air. She grew more excited knowing that her pussy was about to be penetrated, the new orgasm being lured out by the anticipation of sucking off another cock simultaneously. Something pressed at her vagina and her rolling hips froze.

"Mmmm. Mmmm," she whimpered as Chuck's cock sought out her opening.

"Oh God, suck it bitch, suck my cock," Ken groaned, his own cock pulsing between her lips.

Finding her hole, Chuck slid his entire length into her with one smooth stroke, jamming his crotch into hers. The penetration lured her orgasm further out.

"Mmmm-mmmm, mmmm," she cried, her hips pushing back.

Grunting, he pulled his hips partway back, then drove himself forward again, ramming his cock into her. Ken's hands gripped her head and held it still as he rapidly pumped his cock past her lips. Her fingers around the base kept it from driving into her throat.

"Mmmm. Mmmm," she mewed, her hands tugging at the two cocks.

"Oh fuck yea," Ken gasped, his hips starting to spasm at her mouth.

"What a whore," Frank growled.

Her husband's voice was thick with hungry lust, and it sent a matching wave rolling through her. She lay there, one cock near to exploding in her mouth, another fucking her pussy, and her hand eagerly jerking off a third. She lay there with their hands all over her body, her flesh so hot she felt as though she was really on fire. She lay there before her husband, his own hand kneading her breast, his voice declaring his pleasure at watching her. She lay there and her passions were fueled, her orgasm brought crawling toward the edge.

Hungrily she sucked on Ken's cock, rapidly drawing him nearer to his climax. He pumped himself at her a couple last times, then froze. His cock twitched, shooting his cum into her mouth. She locked her lips tightly around him and swallowed.

"Oh yesss, suck it bitch. Suck it," he moaned.

Chuck continued driving his cock into her pussy, pounding himself into her harder and harder, his own climax nearing. Her pussy muscles constricted around him, squeezed his cock. Her hunger made her want to feel him shoot his load, made her want to feel his cum spraying inside her. Her hips jerked, her ass rocking upon the pillows, driving herself back at him.

"The little whore likes being fucked," Chuck groaned.

Ken's cock stopped exploding and she quickly pulled her mouth from it. Turning her head she looked up at Chuck while still stroking the two cocks.

"Ohhh God yes. Fuck me." she cried. "Fuck my pussy. Yes, fuck me."

"You like my cock huh bitch," he grinned down at her. "You like my cock in your pussy?"

"Oh God yes. God yes. Fuck me. Fuck me harder. Harder."

"Damn, your pussy feels good. So hot, so wet."

Her orgasm was teetering on the edge, nearly crashing through her. She shoved her hips at him, bucking and humping herself at his own powerful thrusts.

After his climax Ken had relaxed his hold in her hair. Now another set of fingers became entangled in her tresses. Her face was turned to Bill. She saw his cock, her fingers at its base, tugging. Its tip glistened with precum. The sight of it, the idea of having it in her mouth, fanned her flames.

"Mmmm," she mewed as she drove herself at it, wrapping her lips around it.

"Yea, that it's you whore," he coached her, stuffing more of it into her mouth. "Suck my cock. Suck it while he fucks you, fucks your pussy. Your hot little pussy."

"You're such a whore, such a cheap little whore," Frank chided.

Her orgasm inched over the edge, hung there for a moment. Her muscles began to spasm, rapidly clenching then relaxing. Small fireworks sparked inside her mind.

"Mmmm," she moaned.

"You really like having all these cocks, don't you bitch?" Chuck groaned.

"Mmmm-mmmm," she whimpered in response.

Her lips slipped along Bill's cock as he rocked himself at her mouth. Someone pulled her nipple hard, twisted the sensitized nub. Bolts of pain mixed with those of pleasure shooting along her nerves.

"Mmmm," she cried.

Her body started to shudder, her nerves being electrocuted once again. Waves of hot lava flowed through her. She shoved her pussy back at Chuck, her muscles clamping around his cock. Within their grasp she sensed it stiffening, sensed it starting to twitch as his hips jerked spastically between her legs. Then he buried his cock deep inside her.

"Oh God," he roared as it started spraying inside her.

The feel of his squirting cock, his crotch grinding against hers, sent Julie's orgasm blasting away. It rocketed through her. Her nerves exploded. Her body arched up off the bed, her clenched muscles straining under her sweat coated flesh. Her neck bent back, her head rolling with it. Bill's cock slid from her mouth.

"Ohhh God," she moaned loudly. "Ohhh God. So good. So good. Oh God."

Her body jumped and jerked. It rocked from side to side. Her hands pulled at the cocks they held. Ken's was semi-limp, but Bill's was growing harder as it neared its own eruption. The knowledge of this made her picture it spraying across his face. She imagined what a show it would be for these men that were using her, these men that she was already being a slut for. Feeling her orgasm grow as a result of these thoughts she tugged at his cock madly. A second later she was rewarded by his warm semen splashing against her cheek.

"Ohhh," she moaned. "Oh God yes."

This brought a chorus of filth laden comments from the men, and hearing them pushed her orgasm through her with a renewed force. She humped herself at Chuck, jerked on Bill's cock, her body hopping and grinding upon the bed. She no longer cared at all about the future ramifications of the evening. Not even the smallest reservation remained. She only cared about the passion and the fires raging through her at the moment.

Bill's semen sprayed her face and hair. Milking the last drops from his cock she leaned over and licked its tip. A moment later, as her body settled down with her fading orgasm, Chuck pulled out of her and climbed off the bed. Instantly she missed the feel of a stuffed pussy, her lust making her bemoan the feeling, hating the idea of it lasting.

"Ohhh God, fuck me," she panted, vocalizing her hunger. "Someone fuck me. Someone stick your cock in me, please."

"I'll fuck you, you nasty slut," Jim growled.

A couple of the men held her legs open for him as he moved into position, lining his cock up with her opening. Her pussy was sopping wet, her lips swollen and red, her hole agape. She felt him press against her and instinctively raised her ass off the pillows, shoving herself onto him, sliding her pussy along his cock.
