 I am married with Vijaya for last 15 years; we thoroughly enjoyed sex with each other during this period. We don't have any extra marital affair, never thought of that. Last one year an idea developed in my mind and that is related to hot fun in married life including another man or a married couple. Definitely being an introvert person, I couldn't explain it to Vijaya. I had a fear of Vijaya getting annoyed with me on this issue of threesome or couple-swap; she is very conservative and decent lady. Though we love each other a lot, our sex life was lacking the spark because of monotonous fucking. Regularly in Facebook or WhatsApp like forum, I met people discussing on threesome or swap. I felt bad for not having that experience of sharing wife or fucking others' wives. At 44 years of age I was very eager to fuck aunties or bhabis who are basically our neighbors.

I used to show snaps of my wife, share her hot pictures in bra or panty hiding her face while chatting. The friends used to congratulate me for having such a beautiful and sexy wife. Some of them wished to meet us when we go to their cities. Some of them exchanged phone numbers or urged to fuck my wife, but nothing happened in that direction. Simply I was not having that guts.

About a month ago I could experience what I wished with my charming, beautiful wife. I have captured the whole incident in the form of a story.

We bought a split AC in pick summer, there was an offer with that item. We ultimately got selected in the lottery for a trip to Italy and we were the only member from India. As the trip was for a couple only, we had to keep our children with in-laws. 

We reached Milan Airport by an Air France flight; hotel representative received us at Airport and we checked in that 3 star hotel at around 9 AM. We took rest, had our meals and did some shopping in gorgeous shopping malls scattered in the city. Next day morning we had site seeing in a luxurious bus arranged by the hotel. At around 3 PM we reached a beach. I knew from the Guide, it was a nude beach. 

Vijaya became shaky, "Nude beach!!"

The beach office assured us, "Clothing is optional, it's your decision whether you shed cloths or not."

I tried to take off her worry, "Vijaya, it would be great if we both go to the beach. It's going to be a hot day and it would be good for us to get some more air. We are actually foreigners, here nobody knows us." My wife was bit confused.

We together moved to the next booth where dresses were being left and the coupon was issued against that. We both went into some awkward situation as we found some volunteers both male and female in that booth totally nude.

I'd not seen naked ladies roaming around me before, my eyes almost popped out of my head.

That really got Vijaya going. 

With that my wife started removing her sari, petticoat and unbuttoning her blouse. It dropped to her feet one by one, leaving her in a bra and some nice panty covering her big assets. I got charged and stripped off dropping my shirts and pants. 

Vijaya stepped towards one naked lady and offered to undo her bra for her. The smiling lady slowly unfastened Vijaya's bra and removed it, letting her breasts fall under their own weight. I thought she looked magnificent. Another lady stood behind my wife, stuck her thumbs into her knickers and slowly pulled them down. My wife stood completely naked. She looked very, very hot with generous hips and her belly was almost flat. The eyes around us saw my wife had a trimmed pubic bush.

My 5 inch cock was already hard and I held my hands in front of it, trying to cover the prick, but there was no way I could hide that monster.

One naked lady came forward and said. "Sir, you should not be ashamed of your erection. It's the evidence of your warm feelings about your wife, her great tits or ass and that too in front of all the happy eyes of the people enjoying your wife's beautiful assets and it's rather special. You are looking very attractive too with your erection."

Another lady appreciated, "Sir, your cock is small, but very cute!"

We both wished them and started walking in the beach. I was seeing Vijaya's 36D size tits swaying bouncing and nice movement of her round big bottom. I didn't fail to observe how other men were watching her physical beauty. She walked there in her all naked glory, exposed to all the hungry eyes. Naturally the men also were completely naked; few of them were posing erections too. I too was watching openly all the naked ladies with nice assets walking past us.

While walking, in a nearby booth Vijaya stopped to have some water. She took one dark sunglass from that booth lady. I understood her intension to watch and enjoy the jerking dicks stealthily. 

Vijaya wanted to turn her face away from the cocks, but she could not resist the temptation of viewing the naked males with formidable organs. She was spellbound. She forcibly turned her head to other direction; however she continued stealing the looks of the jerking cocks, swinging balls. It was first time that she was seeing many naked men together, and what she saw was beyond comparison.

I looked at her big bouncy boobs and found her dark nipples already erect in excitement! Her cunt was bit moist too. After two hours of beach enjoyment we came back to the booth where we deposited our cloths a couple of hours ago. The booth ladies and gents were still naked, they congratulated us. We then put on cloths, came back and boarded the bus back to hotel. 

While coming back to the hotel I was thinking the incidents how the horny men were watching eagerly my wife's nudity in the beach. At the same time I was also feeling horny about how she stealthily enjoying their erections too. 

We came back to our room at around 7 PM. The hotel authorities arranged a small party in the banquet hall for the guests; it was the last night stay for us. When we reached at around 9 PM, stereo system got louder and very much in a hot Latin beat. We found a small gathering of married couple like us, though few single men and women were present too. There was no Indian except us. The hotel authority arranged some folk dance for the guests. 

Finally the formal function was over and the host got up on the stage and announced that there was going to be a strip contest for any women interested. He announced that the first prize would be ten thousand dollars. We noticed a few of the women go up to the host and after discussing disappear in the green room. Vijaya whispered to me that she wanted to enter the contest; she was charged after visiting the nude beach, I believed. Her confidence level had gone up. I didn't mind as she already got stripped in the beach that day and it's being a foreign country nothing to get worried about. Nothing could stop her to become desperate. As she walked away from our table; I found all the eyes to follow her. She was looking gorgeous in her sari. I thought this would be a night to remember. 

As per sequence, she was the last contestant among five. The girls put on very good and erotic performances. One girl stripped down totally, the audience went wild in demanding more and more. But she left the stages disappointing them.

Finally Vijaya came out on the stage there was silence. She looked so conservative in her sari almost covering everything. I thought people wouldn't expect much from her. 

When the music began, Vijaya started with slow movements. It didn't take too long to remove her sari. When she unbuttoned and dropped her blouse, her massive tits came into view through the bra. The crowd started cheering then. Vijaya moved her body timely with the music. Her hands explored every inch of her great curves and the crowd was getting into her performance. Vijaya teasingly unclasped the petticoat knot and finally let it fall. My wife, mother of two was dancing in bra and panty then. Vijaya wiggled her hips back and forth as rapid as she could. She put her hands in the air, and shook her tits. Her tits were hanging out of her bra. Her big cleavage bounced in and out of it. The audience was screaming, "Take it all off!" I was glad to be able to watch this. I was getting aroused as well. None can understand that the performer actually a mother having two kids. The audience joined in whistling and shouting, "Yeah! Keep it up."

Vijaya looked towards me and unhooked her bra. She turned around and held the bra up with her arm. In order to tease the audience, she began to play with thin straps of her bra. She slowly pulled both straps down with one hand as she held her cups up with another arm. All of the guys were watching at my wife eagerly as she danced. She teasingly held the cups on her big tits. The crowd yelled, "Remove it!" She again turned around showing us her unhooked back. The horny crowd obviously marked the butter colored skin on her back.

Finally, she turned around once again and let the bra drop off of her chest; swinging that cotton bra above her head. Her huge white tits spilled out and bounced heavily due to sudden freedom. The audience got mad. All eyes were glued to her big breasts. Each dancing flesh was capped with very large areolas and her erect nipples sprang free into view. She massaged her breasts as she continued to dance to Latin beat. She turned around and shook her panty-clad massive ass at the guys. Her panty revealed part of her cream colored ass and it jiggled as she danced. The audience went berserk. She pulled the panty down enough to expose the top of her crack while dancing. Then she slowly slid the panty down past her hips, there was audible gasp from the audience. I looked around and found lustful looks from the people present, even from ladies. I found two young guys beside me were rubbing their crotch through the pants.

She danced and moved like a professional on the stage. The crowd went wild.

Suddenly I noticed the host to get up from the table and walked over to the entrance. He locked the door and went up on the stage. He said something on Vijaya's ear and she smiled. He turned to the audience and announced, "Another show of different kind is starting, please wait."

Then he begun to shed his cloths, Vijaya helped him and quickly he was naked. More thrill quivered through me as I saw the long, thick cock wobbling into view. His manhood was already erect and skinned back, nicely projected between his muscular thighs. Two were standing naked on the stage side by side, one was my prudent wife and other one was the stranger. 

Vijaya bit her lips, couldn't remove her eyes from the host's massive erection. Naturally I couldn't measure, but it must be above 8 inch. Obviously she was aroused standing naked in front of the horny audience among them one was her husband. Moreover one naked young man almost half of her age was standing beside her with full erection. I felt pride in her voluptuous body as whole audience could watch her completely naked, that too everybody feeling horny as per their looks.

Vijaya looked towards me straight in the eye, "How about you? Would you like to join?" She then looked back quickly to the erect cock waiting just beside her for real action.

All eyes were on me, I decided to make my dream true. 

The young man grabbed my wife's shoulder and pushed her down to her knees. I was hard as rock. My wife looked like a porn star, sitting on her knees in front of the naked younger guy. She then looked at his big pink cock. She admired that big tool and then grabbed his cock at the base and slowly began to stroke it. My heart skipped a beat and began to race. 

One lady pushed me from back, "Go up the stage, it would be memorable moment for both of you!"

My wife was staring hardcore into his meat and checking out his heavy balls. I saw my wife's fingers glide over the veins of his cock and cupping his balls. It was intense. 

As I climbed the stage, she whispered to me, "I am going to fuck this erect cock. Do you object?"

I shook my head in full agreement. Vijaya's head moved back and she opened her mouth to take in the head of his cock. I could see she was stretching her lips just to get the large mushroom head into her mouth. Next couple of minutes, my wife kept on sucking the full length of the stranger's rod while her tits were swaying in steady rhythm. The young man was enjoying the hot mouth of Vijaya.

She then helped herself up and stood. The erect proud cock seemed ready to be serviced. She lay down on the sofa. Her knees were wide apart, her massive tits were wobbling on her chest; her every feminine secret was visible to the audience. He was approaching the sofa to fuck her! I became speechless. All I saw was his hard cock wiggle as he moved onto the sofa. I looked at his cock into my wife. He parted her thick smooth thighs apart, grabbed his cock at the base. 

He asked my horny wife softly, "Can I please penetrate you, mam?"

Vijaya instantly replied, "Sure."

He gripped her thunder thighs with his strong hands and placed the tip of the cock in her entrance. The young man pushed his cock gently inside her love canal.

I watched in disbelief as his great tip was going into my wife with ease, that secret area only I had explored so far. He steadily drove it all the way in. 

She whimpered in pleasure, "Agggg...ahhhh..."

Now both their pelvises were hitting each other and his rock hard balls thudding my wife's ass. My wife soaked up the moment by closing her eyes. She also held onto the sofa back rest. He moaned in pleasure as my wife began her assault on the cock for first couple of minutes, she had rapid strokes by pushing her pelvic reason towards her partner. I sat beside her and started to squeeze her big tits just to energize her for the great show.

One lady shouted, "Mam, fuck that dick, make it cum." I started to press her tits even harder.

That situation charged up the man, he started to counter attack and fuck my wife like a jack hammer.

The crazy men yelled, "Fuck her man, fuck her!"

Vijaya couldn't stand that intense fuck, started to moan loudly and within a minute or two had climax, "Eeeeeeee...Aaaaaa...Ahhhhhhhh..."

I couldn't resist then. I removed my cloths within no time. I was rock hard, though not having a massive tool like the host. That started an evening of wanton sex.

I pushed gently the young man away, mounted her and started to fuck wildly as my fresh bride. Her cunt was exceptionally lubricated and just in a single thrust my entire cock was buried inside her freshly fucked pussy. I pumped her hard, my bouncing ass was just spring driven. Our closed door fucking as hubby-wife came to an end that evening, we became liberal! 

All could hear the sound when my belly was hitting her soft one occasionally. I heard some encouraging male voice from audience, "Fuck your wife hard, and let her enjoy your warm rod!" 

We put up a great show. After a couple of minutes of fucking, Vijaya suddenly rolled over and went on top of me. 

Ladies started hollering in Vijaya's direction, "Fuck your man babe! Bang him! Make him dry!" and all echoed them.

One young lady shouted, "Fuck that cute dick!" 

She threw her shoulders back, pumped me harder than any other night before, I was holding her huge ass tight. The whole audience was clapping for us. She bounced up and down, her bouncing and swaying tits were showing how hard she was fucking me. I gripped those melons as tight as possible. 

I couldn't hold further and announced, "I am going to cum!" 

That was the trigger; she started to grind her cunt with my pelvis violently. Vijaya gripped my palm and attacked my cock with her big ass, "Fuck you, fuck you hard, and make you dry!" I was surprised to hear these filthy words from my conservative wife in front of the crowd. 

I couldn't hold my load. My cock started to shoot into her pussy. Almost instantaneously, I felt her cunt alternately gripping and releasing my spitting organ. I found few guys shooting their load.

She bounced on my cock as I moaned, "OOOHHHHH FFUUUCCCKKK!" Her pussy was contracting tightly around my cock. I spitted deep into her pussy and shot my load onto her womb.

The young man was waiting eagerly; he pulled her in the carpet. There was a puddle of cum beneath her and that cum was now running down the crack of her big ass. 

He positioned my wife on her hands and knees. He then placed his moist tool on the lips of her well lubricated vagina and pushed the tip into her cunt. The moist cunt instantly swallowed the mushroom head. She was about to get fucked in doggie and that position I love a lot. I sat on the sofa and got instant hardness pointing towards ceiling. 

In front of around twenty people he started to fuck my wife, a mother of two like a street dog. He gently pushed more. Vijaya's well lubricated pussy opened up and his massive dick disappeared slowly into her heavenly depths; his heavy balls swinging there. 

She whimpered "Aaaggg..." as she felt the huge cock sliding into her.

Finally at the age of 42 my wife got her second cock in life. The realization that it happened abroad had added some extra spice into it. No shaky feelings we were having on foreign soil, no hesitation at all.

"Fuck her!" The audience shouted together, I also whispered to myself "Fuck her hard...!"

She started moving her big ass in rhythm as the host was penetrating her in doggie style. 

It was awesome to watch his muscular ass in to and fro motion as his big dick was going in and out of her moist cunt.

I couldn't resist myself; I offered my dick to suck. My wife started kissing my hard dick like hypnotized lady!

One ladies voice I heard, "Push your hard cock in your wife's mouth!"

The audience applauded as I drove my cock in her mouth and my wife eagerly took it in. 

She started sucking me with vacuum force and was humping the host back. 

With every stroke from back, she was deep-throating me automatically. I had never expected her to respond to this wanton sex, but I certainly loved it. 

Another lady voice yelled, "Fuck both the cocks babe, fuck them out!"

I found few men in the audience already dropped their pants and they were furiously shaking the cocks. Among ladies, few of them were rigorously rubbing their clit or tits.

The atmosphere in the hall was extremely sensational. I was reaching my peak by just watching. I do love doggie but can't do good because of small dick. The host was taking long, deep strokes which are so dear to feminine cunt. Vijaya too was hollering relentlessly. She had gripped my cock at the hilt and the rest of the cock was completely buried in her hungry mouth. We wanted to prolong the journey, I could hold for long because I blew my load five minutes ago. She was sucking my cock as the host fucked her in steady rhythm. He came out as a better player. He was having immense power to hold the load. He was much younger and yet to ejaculate during that session.

The man suddenly started hard long strokes gripping Vijaya's big swinging tits. His pelvic region was hitting hard my wife's soft ass. The audience was completely mesmerized.

Almost instantaneously, Vijaya screamed, "Eeeee...aahhhh... ohhh... uffff" as the strong orgasm wrecked her body. After two more minutes of intense fucking, the host started to howl. He asked me, "Here I go! Can I cum on your pretty wife's face?"

I replied wasting no time, "Of course."

Then he pulled his organ and put Vijaya in kneel down position. The young man then ejaculated with such a force that his cum first flew and landed at the edge of the stage. A part of his jism landed on her pretty face, her eyes and her big tits. Around ten shots he fired on Vijaya. My wife sucked his limp dick dry.

Then I pointed my gun on my wife and five shots I too had on her face and hair.

The crowd went berserk, "Great! That's like a real horny hubby. "
