 I manage to slip away one Saturday afternoon, Mick is out of town. He is on a trip with some of his buddies riding their motorcycles to a rally. Our daughter is off for a slumber party and I have a whole night all to myself. I drive into the city. I plan to meet my favorite fellow Tad at a hotel. I am turned on by the secretive mission I am on. While the mouse is away the cat will play.

I enjoy the two hour drive through rolling green pastures. The sun is shining without a cloud in the sky. I have music blasting out of the car stereo speakers. I'm high on life and sexual anticipation. My female parts throb with the beat of the music. I can feel my clit hard between my pussy lips. There is an aching need for sexual release inside me. I have no doubts that need will be fulfilled tonight.

I want to be sure I look my best when I arrive and I have to go potty, so I pull over at little bar I've been to before. I park the car near the front door. I grab my keys from the ignition, my purse from the passenger seat, lock up the car and walk in to the bar. It takes some time for my eyes to adjust. I remove my sunglasses and scan the room. Not too many people. My eyes are seeking a bathroom sign and my brain is trying to remember where it was located. I spot it in the back corner and head that direction.

I open the door to the bathroom. The room is nicely lit and very clean which is especially surprising for a bar. I freshen up after relieving my bladder. Reapply my lip gloss, check my makeup and spray a bit more perfume on. I make sure my hair is in place and my boobs get a last minute readjustment in my bra. I'm wearing a pair of black jeans, and a sexy red knit top that plunges down in front and in back exposing my golden tanned skin. I am exposing a lot more cleavage than I am used to. I take a final inspection of my reflection in the mirror. Acceptable, I think to myself, as sexy as you get.

I reach out with my right hand and open the bathroom door. It swings open and I see denim clad legs, brown cowboy boots. My eyes dart upwards scanning a trim torso covered in plaid fabric to find a face I instantly recognize. I step back in shock. Mark steps forward forcing my further retreat back into the bathroom as he swings the bathroom door shut again.

"You look exactly like you did when I first met you." Mark says with that Maine accent of his. 

I am in utter amazement. This is the guy I fell for as a 17 year old virgin and stopped being a virgin with. I haven't seen him in twenty years. "What are you doing here?" I ask him with a bewildered expression.

"I'm visiting my son at the base." He answers and steps even closer to me. "You look amazing!" He reaches out and takes my hand and brings it to his lips and kisses the back of my hand. My heart skips a beat as I recall him doing this exact same action when I was first introduced to him. "LeAnn, you were hot and sexy then but my god girl you are amazing now that you are all grown up...simply amazing!" 

His bright blue eyes shoot straight into me and I can see his desire for me in them. He lowers his head and kisses me. My eyelids flutter and close as a million memories flood my mind. I remember these lips. My body remembers this body. I find this amazing after all these many years.

My mouth opens under the pressure of his lips and his tongue darts into my mouth and caresses my tongue. His tongue runs itself around mine exactly like it did the first time he kissed me. The chemistry of the past is still between us along with a newer passion from the years of life experience we've had. Heat explodes between us. Waves of intense passion sweep through my body and I lose my head as his lips devour mine and his tongue dances in my mouth. His hands slide down my back to grab my ass and pull my body hard against his. I can feel his erection through all of our clothing. My own hard clit and wetness are known to me. His hand slides around my hip and reaches between my legs and I am certain he can feel my wetness through my jeans.

His hand rubs my crotch and I can't stop myself from rocking against the pressure of his hand. Our mouths are still entangled and I feel myself succumbing to the passion of the moment. I have to decide. Do I go with this and let nature take it's course or, do I remember my husband and stop all of this right now. "Carpe diem!" I whisper and reach down to feel his hardness through his jeans. 

I reach for the button of his waistband. I succeed in releasing the button and grope for the zipper. I pull his pants open and find his dick spring forward without the benefit of underwear to hold it in. My hand encircles this treasure from my past. I remember this. And feel myself begin to cum against his hand rubbing me between my legs. 

He breaks away from me and reaches down with both of his hands and unbuttons my jeans, he unzips my zipper with his teeth. I feel a new flood of wetness. I am so turned on. He pushes my jeans down my hips and sees I am commando as well as him. His face moves in between my legs and I watch as he takes a deep breath of my scent.

"I remember this." He says, and I watch as his tongue darts out to lick my clit poking out from my pink pussy lips. My eyes close as a shudder runs through my body from clit to head and clit to toes. My nipples tingle and ache from their desire to have attention. I feel him place kisses on each pussy lip and the movement of my jeans further down my legs as he works to expose more of me for his pleasurable re-acquaintance. He slips one of my shoes off and gets one leg freed from its denim encasing.

He grabs my hips and lifts me onto the counter top by the sink. He pushes my knees apart and buries his face between my legs. My head goes back and hits the mirror behind me. Ouch! But my attention is quickly drawn back to the delicious sensations Mark's mouth and tongue are creating between my legs. I am swept away by the building orgasm such wonderful attention is creating. Mark stands up and places the tip of his dick against my opening. His hand touches my chin and he forces my gaze to his. As I look into his passion clouded eyes I see his question in them. I reach out and grab his head with one hand and his butt with the other. I open my legs wider as I draw his mouth to mine and his dick to my pussy. I feel his dick slide into my wetness. The fire ignites between us as our lips meet and he fills me with himself all the way. He pumps his cock in and out of me faster and faster and the heat begins to engulf me. The flames of passion rise quickly as our bodies thrust against each other and our lips and tongues do battle. I can feel my orgasm begin to crest and try as I might I can't help but yell out "Oh fuck me, fuck me, god yes fuck me!" I feel the orgasm release itself and flood through my body in wave after wave of pure mind numbing pleasure. He is cuming as well and I feel his head pulse inside me as his cum pours forth in a torrent. He shudders and shakes as I do from the rippling after effect of such passionate orgasms. 

We draw away from each other and he buttons himself back into his jeans while I stuff my leg back into my jeans and shoe. He says I'll see you out there in a few minutes and kisses me once more. I need to tidy up. A few minutes later I step out the door and find the room is thankfully pretty empty. I find Mark at the bar with a drink for himself and one for me. We sit and talk and catch up for a while. We exchange phone numbers and promise to keep in touch. I walk out of the bar and get back into my car. I close my eyes for a moment and rest my head against the headrest. I need a moment to regain my composure. I am startled by a tap at my window. It's Mark. He's holding my purse up. I roll down the window and accept it through the opening. He leans in and kisses me once more and tells me to drive safely with a wink. I roll up the window, heat of embarrassment flooding my face, making my cheeks pink and my eyes sparkle. Damn I was bad, but damn, that was amazing! I start the car to drive off to the hotel to continue my newly found bad streak. 

I pull into the hotel parking lot. I find a parking spot nearest the room number Tad gave me. I walk up and knock. The minute I knock on the hotel room door the action is on. I'm pulled inside and backed up against the door. A tongue is thrust into my willing mouth. I'm overwhelmed by Tad's hands all over me. My clothes are quickly stripped off of me. Lips and tongue kiss me all over my neck and caress my skin with sensational kisses over my shoulders and down to my breasts. His large hands scoop up my massive tits and he buries his face in between them. His fingers pinch my nipples into erect firmness and he bites them just hard enough to feel good, but not so hard it hurts. Time seems to stop as pure physical pleasure courses through my body. I lose myself in the moment; I am nothing but sexual desire and need.

I find myself on the bed and he is devouring my wet pussy. I am in ecstasy as his tongue licks my pussy lips and swirls around my clit. I feel my orgasm building as he works tongue magic on me. I thrust my hips forward to push my core harder against his tongue. He fucks my pussy with his tongue and then slips down to lick my asshole. That sends me over the edge for the second time that night. I moan louder as he comes back to suck on my clit, my lil dick. I fuck myself into his face. My juices are flowing out of my pussy as he inserts one finger into my pussy and another into my ass. I am about to cum again. He sucks my clit and fucks me with his fingers and sends me into an orgasm so full I squirt with the force of its jolting electricity from my head to my feet.

He commands me to rise up on my knees, I comply directly. I'm eager. I brace myself as he shoves his hard cock into my wet kitty. God I love the feel of that hard cock in my tight wet hole. Tad fucks me hard and fast and spanks my ass like I like it. I feel myself ready to cum again. He inserts something into my asshole and sends me again. I want to feel his dick in my ass now. I'm so hot and ready for it. As if by magic he knows what I want. I feel lubricant hit my ass and then feel the pressure of his cock against my ass. I feel him push in and the orgasm begins to rock thru me, He pauses for me to regain my self and then pushes himself fully into me. I'm so full I can hardly stand the pleasure of it. And then he begins to pump his cock in and out of my ass. I'm on fire. I'm cuming everywhere. Tad pumps faster and faster now and I can feel his head throbbing inside me. I feel his cum shoot deep in my ass. He pulls out and squirts more cum on my ass. I collapse onto my stomach as waves of ecstasy continue to roll through my body. I hear him in the shower. I decide I should join him.

My legs quiver as I stand and make my way into the bathroom. I climb in and grab the bar of soap and begin to assist in washing the sex from this hunk of man. The soap slips from my fingers and Tad bends down to grab it. Several seconds pass and then I feel him lick my ass. He cleans me thoroughly with his tongue, making me cum again. We wash each other leisurely sliding soapy hands over every inch of each other. We get squeaky clean so we can get nasty and dirty all over again. We step out of the shower and can't keep our hands off each other. Let the sheets dry us. We kiss and stumble our way back to the bed.

Now, I get the pleasure of sucking his cock. This is already hard again. It's so nice to have a man so cheap and easy. I laugh at the thought! I want this sweet cock to know how much I appreciate it. I kiss the tip sweetly and then open my mouth to swirl my tongue around the tip. I can't wait so I just plunge myself down around this mighty cock. I have it all the way in my mouth; I suck on it, moving my lips up and down for several minutes, swirling my tongue and sucking hard and tight. I can feel him getting ready to cum, so I pull off and jack him off with my hand until he loses his load on my face.

I still have cum on my face when the door opens and I see Luke, Raul and Mick my husband walk into the room. They had a key. What the hell is happening? My heart is pounding a mile a minute. I'm fucking busted and these guys are gonna hurt me.

I scramble up against the headboard. I am in flight mode. There can clearly be no fight mode. My eyes are scanning the room to find something to cover myself with. Tad's cum is still on my face and I rub my face into a sheet while trying to pull a sheet free from the bed. I can't get the sheet free. I can't find a thing and truly, it's too late. They each grab one of my limbs and I'm spread eagle on the bed in a split second. Mick looks at me and tells me that Tad and he had this planned all along. They knew I wanted a gang bang and decided to give it to me in a way I would never forget.

He places a ball gag in my mouth, and a collar around my neck. My hands are bound together above my head. He puts a blindfold over my eyes. I'm scared as hell but excited all the more. The juices flow from my already well fucked pussy. I am thrilling at the thought of more and more. What is Mick going to do with me?

He removes the ball gag and I feel something pressed against my lips, I'm told to open my mouth and lick. I do. That is not a dick. Oh my! I can smell and feel that this is definitely not a guy. I am ordered again to lick. I lick. The taste is nice, clean, and almost sweet. I lick again. Hhmmm. Not bad. "Eat that pussy" I am commanded. I go for it, she pushes into my face and I find her clit with my tongue. I go to town! I can hear her enjoying what I'm doing and she rocks herself on my face as I bury my tongue as deep into her as I can. I can hear all the guys encouraging us. I can hear her sucking dick. Then I feel a mouth on my pussy. Oh my! This is incredible!

Soon enough the pussy at my mouth is replaced by a dick and I hear sounds of fucking and dick sucking next to me. There are hands everywhere on my body. I can feel the hands on my tits. One tit is being squeezed by a large, calloused hand. Occasionally I can feel a pinch and twist on my nipple on the right side. On the left I feel wet tongue and hot breath lathing my nipple and biting gently now and again. There is a hand on my clit. I want to be fucked in every position imagined. I want to be moved and told what to do. Fuck me doggie, fuck me missionary. Tell me to ride you. I want each and every man in the room to take me in whatever position he desires. 

I get my wish as a hard cock is plunged into me. I clench around it to feel how full it makes my pussy. The head is hitting the sweet spot and I feel the orgasm building. I am sucking cock that's in my mouth at the same time. Making it hard to breathe, but know I don't want it out of my mouth as the man pumps his cock deeper down my throat. So deep I can lick his balls as they press against my chin. Now the big fat cock is gone. I can feel a wet cloth wiping my pussy. And now a mouth, a tongue is licking my ass. One mouth at my clit, one mouth at my ass, and now I feel a tongue or finger being inserted in my ass. 

I am flipped over onto my back. My ass gets a few slaps and someone is ready to fuck me doggie. I feel the slow steady entry of a new dick. This is a long skinny cock; poking me deep in my core. I'm sucking on the cock in my mouth like there is no tomorrow while I squirt juice onto a new thinner cock. The cock in my mouth explodes. I swallow his juice. My ass is being pounded like there is no tomorrow. As I feel this second cock cum in condom covering and as he pulls out I know I've managed to pull his condom off him. I love doing that. Come fuck my hot tight pussy boys!

I am pulled to my knees and hands guide me into standing. I hear a voice tell me to find him and mount him for a ride. I grope with my hands still tied together until I find the body waiting for me. On my knees I find his hard cock with my bound hands. I lower my mouth to lay a gentle kiss on the tip. I manage to crawl over him and position myself over his hard staff. I lower my body onto him and feel the amazing fullness of this new cock. My walls clench of their own accord feeling the shaft of penis inside me. I begin my slow clenching and unclenching as I rock my body on top of I don't know who. I feel pressure at my mouth and open wide to accept a fresh clean smelling cock into it. I love to suck dick and this one smells great. I swirl my tongue and suck for all I'm worth while continuing to fuck the dick in my pussy. My head begins to spin out of control when I feel a pressure against my ass. Then I am filled with the most incredible fullness I have ever felt as a cock fills my ass pumping in and out with the rhythm I'm fucking the man between my legs and the cock I my mouth. I don't remember much after this point. I think several minutes of mind blowing sex occurred. Hard to know, seeing that my mind was blown and I went into a blacked out zone for I don't know how long.

When I came to I was alone. I was no longer bound or blindfolded. I was completely naked, sore and satisfied. The room smelled of sex. I looked around the room scanning for clothing, purse, keys. There was a letter next to me. I recognized my husband's hand writing.

"I love you. Take a shower, take a nap, and then take a drive down to the Rally! See you there! Love, Mick P.S. I have never found you to be more sexy and desirable than you were tonight. Wait till I get you alone! P.P.S. Consider yourself fucked!"