 Although she worked in a lab and would rightly be classified as a "geek", there was nothing slovenly about Diana Dee. She worked late, yes, but she did manage to squeeze in time for relaxation and exercise, so she had a body she wasn't ashamed of. She knew that men admired her breasts, but they equally desired her trim waist and flaring hips. Although most of the compliments she had received were about her most obvious assets, she felt her best feature was her ass, which was round, full and perky.

It was that sexy backside that Diana was well aware was in full view of those who had just come into the lab. That, and the thick tube that was still deep inside her vagina, keeping her vulva open and exposed. Shit. The ultimate humiliation. Diana was aware of the kind of jokes the technicians and other male staff at the facility often made about her tits, but those would pale in comparison to what they would have to say now. She imagined they would be swapping stories about having seen the two women naked and fucking on the desk for years to come.

She sighed as she wearily backed up off the table, trying her best to keep her ass cheeks clenched so the visitors would have less to see (and hence, say) about her condition. Diana hadn't turned to look at who had just come in, certain that whomever it was, she and Michiko were most certainly doomed.

She winced as the tube slid out of Michi's pussy with a loud squelch and the other girl moaned softly. Her eyes were still closed, so she was spared the humiliation of facing the visitors to the lab completely nude.

"Errmm... excuse me," Diana muttered and moved to her desk, her back still facing the visitors. She needed the time to think about what to say to them... and she had yet to remove the stupid tube stuck up between her thighs. She didn't think she had the guts to do so while the men watched, so she sidled up to her own desk and sat down, pushing her hips forward to facilitate removal.

Carefully, she reached down between her thighs and pulled the tube out slowly, blushing as her sex gave up its intruder reluctantly, the liquid sounds making far too much noise in the suddenly quiet lab. She shivered involuntarily as she felt her own fluids sliding down her ass, past her anus and pooling onto the table below. Fuck. This is one huge mess.

The tube removed from her satiated pussy, Diana heaved a huge sigh, slid off her table and finally turned her head to see who had stepped into the lab.

Fucking shit. Big time fucking shit. This was game over. No time out, no OT.

Her boss, Dr Alan Bird was standing there with a group of men. Four of the others she recognized as lab technicians, the fifth was obviously a visitor. All of them were looking at her with their mouths slightly agape, as if they were unable to believe what they were seeing. Their eyes then moved to the body of Michiko, still lying on the table and completely naked and oblivious to their stares, and back to her again. The tube, still slippery with their fluids, slipped from her fingers and dropped and rolled to middle of floor, and their eyes followed that too.

"I... um... we... ah..." Diana stammered as the technicians began to grin. They were clearly relishing the scene before them. One of them leaned back to whisper something to the other three and they snickered amongst themselves. Diana was painfully aware that they could see the wet trails running down her inner thighs in the harsh light of the lab.

"Dr. Dee. I have, uh, brought Dr. Armstrong here..." Alan Bird began. Bless him, he was trying to help her get over the awkwardness of the situation, but there was really little he could do. She was still stark naked, and if she turned round, they would be feasting their eyes on her breasts and bare pubes. Diana idly wondered if it would be considered a facetious move if she were to try to cover her bits with the pieces of paper on the desk.

"H... Hello, Dr. Armstrong," she nodded towards the stranger. She had still not turned to face the six men, not least because she hadn't decided on her next course of action... and because she could feel herself blush. The heat was rising and spreading across her face and down her body. She was sure her back was red too. "Ah... I'm... sorry... I... we... erm..."

She suddenly decided to take the bull by the horns and turned to face them, keeping a piece of paper strategically positioned over her pubis. There was no way she could have pretended nothing had happened after all... she was completely nude and they had come in just in time to see her lying on top of an equally naked Michiko. The piece of paper was just her token attempt at preserving the last shreds of her modesty; besides, she was still uncomfortable with the thought of the lab techs discussing her 'bald beaver'.

Every man's eyes dropped to her sumptuous chest, and someone cleared his throat while another whistled softly. Her nipples tightened, partly because of the cool air blowing on her, and partly because of the combined gazes of the six men. Diana felt the heat increase across her face and down her body.

"We... umm... we've been contaminated," she said matter-of-factly, trying to ignore the techs obviously ogling her boobs. Damn it, being nervous would make things worse, she thought to herself. She heard one of them whisper "Damn right they have, the fucking lesbians" and shot a dirty look at the man, but he was not cowed by her. She had to admit it was difficult being authoritative when you were naked, especially when the men you were trying to be cross with were only paying attention to your breasts.

"Contaminated?" Alan looked surprised. "Dr Dee, should we be concerned?"

Wait a minute. Weren't they supposed to be in lockdown? "Didn't you hear the alarm? How did you get in here?" she shot back, surprise emboldening her. She had to try really hard not to look down to check if Dr Lee's nanobots were beginning to do to the piece of paper what they did to her clothes.

"Alarm? Oh that alarm. That was a test. Didn't you hear the message after..?" Alan was making a valiant effort to keep his eyes locked on hers, but failing rather miserably. His guest was making no pretense at all -- Diana thought he was looking rather hungrily at her chest and got a little angry.

Anger, good. That was the way to go. Anger would help her cover up her embarrassment. And maybe... maybe one of the stupid fucking lechers would offer her something to cover herself.

"Test? But she... but we... umm... there's been a breach in the containment room," she explained, still a little confused. "Mich... I mean, a canister was broken and when we heard the alarm, I thought... we thought..."

Alan exclaimed and quickly turned to the large red button at eye level just behind him, beside the steel door they had just passed through. Without hesitation, he pressed the button, and the alarm sounded again. This time, Diana could hear the additional steel doors slamming down into the floor, locking everyone in. Shit. They were all in the shit.

Once they were locked in, the wailing sound was muted enough to allow them to continue their conversation. Diana kept her distance from the men, partly because she wasn't sure what effect the nanobots would have on them and partly because she was still uncomfortable about being naked in front of them.

"OK Diana, tell me what went down," said Alan, his brown eyes steadily holding hers. Dr Armstrong was now able to look at her without stealing any glances at her chest, although the damned techs were still ogling her boobs. Perhaps it was their scientific training, or perhaps it was the situation, that made the men focus on the problem at hand, and for that, Diana was glad.

She wasn't sure that the nanobots inside her had been completely neutralized -- even now, she could feel tiny tickles deep within what felt like her womb. Had her earlier orgasms given the bots the opportunity to gain access to her inner sanctum? What would they do to her? What was their purpose, other than destroying the fibres of her clothes? At least, she now had two other scientists who could potentially offer viable solutions.

She looked over at Michiko's prone body and decided to tell the truth. As much as she wanted to protect the girl, she could not provide the same details as Michi could, and the girl was still out like a light -- she still lay on her table, her legs draped over the sides, shiny pink vulva open and completely exposed to the leering gazes of the men. Diana shuddered as she noticed one of the men gazing intently at Michi's open pussy and licking his lips. He looked like he was about to pounce on the poor girl and rape her.

Diana wasted no time in detailing what had occurred in the lab after Michi had come in with the holes in her contamination suit. She did not elaborate on the erotic nature of the nanobots' assaults on her breasts and privates, but concentrated on describing the attack in purely physical terms.

"So why were you... uh... why did you..?" Dr Armstrong spoke up for the first time, surprising Diana. She looked at the tube he was pointing at, now lying on the floor between her legs, His voice was soft and low, and, she had to admit, quite sexy. She hesitated before replying, because she suddenly felt some liquid seeping from deep inside. What was wrong with her? How was it that she would be aroused by a man she had only just met? This was nothing at all like her... what had the bots done to her?

"Umm... I... we... it was agonizing... like being... umm... pricked all over," she replied, blushing as she remembered how she had shoved the tube into her vagina and then mounted Michi. The memory made her feel more... squishy inside, and she could feel more fluids sliding down her sheath. Shit, getting horny in front of all these men was not the way to go.

She pointed at the tube, still gleaming accusingly at her. "It... uh... was the only... umm... thing I could think of..."

"...when she got horny so she fucked herself and Ms. Fujita on it," whispered the smarmy lab tech, who smirked when she shot another dirty look at him.

"What was it that she broke, Dr. Dee?" enquired Alan. His brown eyes showed concern and she felt more liquid sliding out. Shit, the things had turned her into a veritable slut. Not that she hadn't thought Dr. Bird attractive... although Michi had tried to broach the subject with her and she had denied any interest, she had had to admit to herself that he was damned good looking. Good looking enough to make her vagina tingle. Shit.

Still, Diana was grateful to him for being such a gentleman and trying to help her. "She said it was a canister marked DABU1 or something like that. We don't know what its purpose was..."

"I know," Dr. Armstrong interrupted her. "Dr. Lee was a very close friend of mine. I knew what he was working on. You do know that he was really upset when his wife left him, right?"

Diana nodded. Dr. Stan Lee's devotion to his wife was well-known in scientific circles. He was famous for abruptly ending his meetings and even speeches at conferences at the behest of his wife. At the time, Diana thought he was slightly insane.

"Well, it's a little more complicated than that," continued Dr. Armstrong. "Here, look at these photos." He stepped forward and handed her two photographs.

Diana let the paper covering her groin drop, ignoring the sniggers of the lab techs when they saw her hairless pubis. Let them get their jollies from looking at her bare pussy. She didn't care. They were all stuck in the lab and besides, she couldn't be sure the bots would make the same short work of any clothing or covering she could find. She might as well get used to being naked in front of them until they figured out a solution.

Or rather, Diana didn't care. Her pussy did though. It salivated as they gazed upon it. As their eyes alighted on her nether flesh, she could feel more liquid drip from her labia onto her inner thigh, and slowly ooze its way downwards. Diana frowned as she tried to focus onto the photos in her hand.

The first photograph was of a pretty young woman in a swimsuit. She looked to be in her late teens or early twenties, and she was wearing a bright orange one-piece swimsuit and smiling at the camera. She appeared to be in some sort of lab. The next photograph was of the same woman, this time in what could be best described as a micro-bikini. Her belly and much of her lower breasts were exposed and the tiny orange triangles just barely covered her nipples and groin. Diana was shocked to see a small tuft of her pubic hair sticking out of the top of her bikini bottom.

"That's the same girl in the same suit, by the way," Dr. Armstrong continued dryly. "She volunteered to test out DABU1 dot I despite Dr. Lee's objections. She was a student in his class. Very bright girl, straight As student, a dead certainty to graduate valedictorian before the experiment. Last I heard, she was doing some animal shows in Mexico."

"What... what happened?" Diana could not take her eyes off the pretty girl. She was blonde and had long, straight hair right to her waist. She looked like a typical young and earnest student. She realized that the girl was wearing a bikini made of practically the same material in the second photo, and Diana could see her hardened nipples and deep pubic cleft through the orange material. The other difference in the second photo was that the girl looked... lasciviously at the camera. Her right hand was grasping at a shoulder strap, as if she was getting ready to pull it down.

"DABU1. Here, read this backwards and slowly. Pronounce the last three letters as a single word," said Dr. Armstrong, handing her a piece of paper with DABU1.I on it.

"I... dot... one... U... Bad. I... want you... shit!" said Diana as she realized what its name meant. Dr. Lee had been working on some sort of aphrodisiac.

"Yes, you're quite right," said Dr. Armstrong. "It's been said there's no such thing, but Dr. Lee developed an aphrodisiac. A working one too."

"The effect on women is quite powerful, as I'm sure you'll be able to attest to," he continued as Diana looked up at him. Her pussy was beginning to itch once more. Worse, she could feel the prickling begin at her anus. Her vaginal fluids must have carried some of the bots to her asshole when she pulled the tube out just now. Fuck. Her asshole was itching something fierce and worse... the prickling feeling was reaching inside, into her forbidden hole. God help her. They were going into her butt!

"The thing was, he didn't know just how powerful DABU1 was. Just moments after this photo was taken, Jennifer -- that's the girl there -- was completely naked and she jumped right on top of him and well, let's say she made short work of his clothes and wrestled him onto the ground.

"Stan told me he could do little to resist the girl, she seemed possessed by superhuman strength. She had him flat on the floor, straddled him and began riding him like she was riding in the rodeo. He was completely unprepared for this turn of events, and worse was to follow -- Mrs. Lee walked in just as he came into Jenny, who was screaming the lab down. 

"He told me his wife didn't say a word when she saw them. She just looked at him lying there, his pants around his ankles, and said one word: Goodbye. Then she turned and walked out of there."

Diana stayed silent, clenching her buttocks in an attempt to slow down or stop the bots from trespassing further into her behind. She had to concentrate to listen to Dr. Armstrong, and ignore the disconcerting prickling spreading down from her womb. The tickling at her anus had intensified and she could feel 'them' probing upwards, deeper into her rectum. The fucking things were relentless.

"He told me later that he found her in their bedroom, packing her bags. He tried to explain things to her, but she wouldn't listen. Jennifer was there too. She tried explain that it was an experiment gone awry, but Cynthia kept turning away, so Jennifer grabbed her arm... and that's when she got contaminated.

"The thing was, Mrs. Lee wasn't affected right away. She had left the house by the time DABU1 took effect. She was stopped by some traffic police on a highway for driving erratically. And when they stopped her and realized she was naked, it was too late. She practically jumped them and fucked the two of them simultaneously."

Diana shook her head, unable to believe what she was hearing. Was this to be her fate too, to become some slavering slut waiting to jump on unsuspecting men? The prickling in her buttocks continued. It felt like the bots were working together, like an obscene finger was erotically worming its way up her rectal passage. She could feel her anus pout as the bots tweaked her nerves back there, and she passed wind soundlessly as a result. Good thing she had gone to the toilet after lunch, or she would've taken a dump right there, in front of the men. 

"Dr. Lee was devastated, because she had until then been rather, shall we say, frigid. That was the entire purpose of DABU1, you see, to cure his wife of her frigidity. He couldn't accept that his wife had suddenly become a nymphomaniac who would fuck anybody she could find, man or woman.

"Cynthia Lee had gone stark raving mad, you see, and Stan had a lot of explaining to do. To cut a long story short, the judge wouldn't listen to his version of events and she was locked away in an institution, while Stan worked on a cure.

"I don't think many people know the whole story anyway, but the truth was that Stan was working on that cure when he was found dead in his lab last year. The poor man was experimenting on himself, injecting himself with bots to enhance the curative effects of his semen when something went horribly wrong and he died from excessive orgasms."

Diana gasped in horror. The poor man. He must have felt terribly guilty for what he had done. She realized that she was unconsciously rubbing her itching vagina and anus up against the edge of her table and stopped herself. This was getting too intense.

"I didn't know about all this because I was away on sabbatical," explained Dr. Armstrong. He really was very handsome, and Diana found herself wondering if he had a long and thick cock. "I only just got back two days ago and found the notes he had sent to me, for record purposes as well as to seek my opinion. That's when I got in touch with Dr. Bird about Dr. Lee's personal effects, which I'd found out had been sent to your lab.

"In case you're wondering, by the way... there's no 'cure' for the nanobots he developed. What he did was programme them and build them to be very hardy, so even in cases where the woman host's orgasms were very intense, the bots would be shorted out by the electrical storms in her body for only a while."

"So I... we... are screwed," she said gesturing towards herself and Michiko, who was finally beginning to stir. She was crossing her legs, trying to keep herself calm while the bots worked furiously on her all her sensitive parts. Diana had to bite back a gasp as her clitoris twitched and a minor tremor ran down her legs. Fuck, it was taking almost all her willpower to keep still and not try to rub herself up against the table. Or the men.

"Yes, in literal as well as metaphorical sense," replied Dr. Armstrong, who took off his glasses and wiped them on his sleeve. "You haven't been infected by a dangerous bug that'll kill you, that's why the alarm didn't sound. But DABU1 does spread.... It spreads between women by direct contact, and only women appear to be affected by it. So far as we know.

"Oh, and... this is where Dr. Lee thought he had his bases covered... the bots are deactivated for a longer period when seminal fluid is present. It was to be his... insurance. He was always a little worried his wife would prefer the company of a woman."
