 It's snowing out and you're in the computer lab locking up at the end of your office hours. Your last student just left. It's dark outside and you're worried about driving your new car in the snow. You're also distracted because your favorite student blew off his study session. You wait until like 8:30, and say "Fuck it, I'm going home." Just then the door swings open and he walks in, covered in snow. He locked his keys in his car and he walked about a mile to get there. "I'm really sorry," he says. And you smile and think, "I have him just where I want him."

He's standing in front of you, shivering with no car keys. You wait, look him over, and wait some more, pretending to be mad.

He says "My extra set of keys is at my friend's house. Could you please give me a ride?"

"Now I really have him," you say to yourself. "Sure, but you're driving." And you toss him the keys.

So you both walk out the door and the snow has really picked up. There's like six inches on the ground and the plows are going up and down the street. Your make him walk in front of you, watching his bulky frame going down the steps. Your car is around the corner and when you get to it, you open the trunk and hand the snowbrush to him, cross your arms and wait for him to get to work. "I'm gonna make him earn this ride," you think.

Soon the car's cleaned off, warmed up and you're cruising down the avenue. You're a little nervous and need a smoke, so, without warning him, you reach under his seat and brush your hand against his leg. He jumps a little, and you can see him just turn his head to you in the dark. You pull out a smoke and think, "I've been waiting too long for this; let's fuck with him a little."

You change your mind and decide to put the smokes back, slipping your hand down behind his muscular calf again. When the back of your hand brushes against his pants, you realize they are soaking wet, and cold. "You're freezing. And you're shaking. Are you OK?"

You put both of your hands on top of his thigh and rub it, trying to warm him up. His leg muscles are huge.

Fifteen minutes later you're in the apartment of a friend, another lacrosse player, who is out for the night. You're on the couch and he's in the bathroom, changing into a pair of sweats.

It's a typical college apartment -- foosball table, beer signs, and dirty dishes in the sink. You're coat is off and you are excited but nervous, hands a little clammy. You realize that you are as horny as you've been in a while, and you recall the last time you thought of him, at home, in bed with a vibrator on your clit, imaging his face buried between your legs. You close your eyes for 10 seconds. When you open them, he's standing in front of you.

He's wearing his friend's sweats and a T-shirt, which are both a little small. His waist is at eye-level, and you can see the outline of his cock pushing through the material.

You look up in his face and he's looking down at you, still shivering. Your hands go behind his knees and you pull him closer, grinning up. He looks nervous but you can see that his penis start to grow, pushing the sweats out. You let go of his legs, lean back on the couch and stretch your legs out, wrapping them around his ankles. He's a little unsteady on his feet, probably from being cold, half dressed, and excited. The fact that you're pinning him to the couch helps, too.

Again you look up at him and ask "What's wrong – are you OK," nodding up to his growing cock. 

"What do you want to see?" you ask, smiling at him.

He hoarsely whispers, "You."

You unbutton your top button. "Is that enough?"

He shakes is head no.

You remove two more, just showing him your lace bra.

You look down from his face, past his muscular arms and chest and back to the sweats. His cock is pushing out about 9 inches and pulsing up and down. His breathing is heavy and you ask, "Want more?"

You unbutton the rest of your shirt, arch your back and it slides down your sides. Your nipples are sticking up, pushing through your black lace bra. They are rock hard, so hard they hurt. You watch his eyes roam over your tits as you slowly push them together, staring up at him. You put your hand up to his cock and flick it a little. The feeling of the cotton rubbing against the head makes him lean over and groan. You move your legs and he loses his balance, falling on his ass in front of you. This breaks the tension and you both have a laugh.

He gets up on his hands and knees and crawls toward you. You're still leaning back watching him, waiting for his next move.

You slowly sit up. He can't take his eyes off you – looking from your face to your chest. You can tell he's just as horny as you are, maybe more. Before you can sit all the way up, he's pushing you back down with his hands on your shoulders. He puts his face right up to yours – you can smell the snow on him – and starts kissing you hard. Your lips are locked together and you're moaning into mouths, sliding your tongues together, knocking teeth. 

This goes on for like 10 minutes, just kissing and sucking on necks, ears and lips.

He's whispering in your ear and sucking on your smooth earlobes. He's telling you how much he's wanted you, how sexy you are and how just being next to you makes him hard. You're saying similar things to him and arch your back again, to take off your bra. 

He softly places his big hand on your stomach. "Shhhh, we have plenty of time. My friend won't be home for hours."

You sink back into the couch, and he gets right in front of you and kisses your neck again. Softer this time, more deliberate. He gently runs his lips over you cheeks and the nape of your neck -- nibbling at your skin.

He's on his knees and your legs are on either side of his hips and he leans in and pulls you toward him, until you can feel his cock mashing against your crotch. 

Your breath gets ragged when he starts kissing down you collarbone, toward the front of your neck, working his way to the base of the bone and softly running his tongue and lips on your skin.

You can feel your pussy getting wetter, leaking into your panties. You felt warm down there the minute he walked into the room, earlier at school, so your jeans are now soaked with your juices.

He tickles the top of your cleavage with his fingers, and runs them over your lace-covered tits. He drums his fingers over them until he brushes a nipple, pushing up through the fabric. You shudder and catch your breath. He pinches it lightly and rolls it between his thumb and forefinger and you squirm under him. Then he does the same to the other nipple and you moan. This drives you wild and you can't help but push yourself into his cock, grinding it against him. He pulls back a little and smiles.

HE'S smiling at YOU now. 

He backs away and grabs his wet jeans from the floor next to the couch. He sits up and dangles a set of keys between his fingers.

He tells you he never lost his keys at all, but knew you'd let him seduce you given the right opportunity. But he never expected you to try and seduce him. 

You want to get up and walk out but you are so fucking wet. Your nipples are aching. You're practically panting, not with anger, but with -- there's no other word -- lust. Right then, you know you're going to let him inside you. You're going to fuck him; there's no turning back.

You wrap your arm around his neck and start kissing him even harder than before, jamming your tongue in his mouth, trying to suck the air out of him. He's kissing you back, tasting your tongue. You feel his hands tugging at the button on your jeans, ripping your fly down. 

You go to help him and he pushes your hands away. He's not just taking your clothes off, he's stripping you. Soon your jeans are around your ankles and he's lifting you, pulling off your pants. Your legs are dangling off the couch and on either side of him. 

Slowly he pulls his sweats down and his meat pops out. It's so hard it's purple. He steps toward you and puts it right in front of your lips. You take the head in your mouth and can feel it twitch.

You both know that if you do this too long he'll explode, but it tastes too good. The head is huge and you have to open your mouth wide to get the whole thing in. But he won't let himself give in, even though it feels so good, and he pulls away.

Crouching down over you he starts to run his hands over your silky breasts, still in the bra. When he slips his thumb over your nipple again, you shudder and start to whimper. Your nipples are so sensitive and fat, you can't help but groan and grind your ass into the couch and tell him how good that feels.

He gets back on his knees, leans his head forward and locks onto your right nipple, pulling at it lightly with his teeth through the lace. Then he moves to the left, doing the same as he squeezes the other, wet with his saliva.

You're thrashing and calling his name and asking him to touch your pussy, saying "pussy" out loud like a slut, begging him to put his fingers in you. Soon he has your bra unsnapped and he takes his sweats all the way off, as well as his shirt. You're running your hands all over his body and he begins licking your stomach, along your waistline, down and down... 

He scratches lightly up and down your sides and nibbles toward you belly button and the top of your sticky panties. His tongue slips under the waistband and he runs it around to one hip and the other, dipping his tongue in deeper when he passes over your pussy.

A tongue tip slips lower, over your panties down to the wet spot and it cradles itself in your sexy cleft, rolling over your lips as you hyperventilate. He kneels up to your face and kisses you again, asking permission to expose you. You hum into his mouth and pull your hips up off the couch and he slowly lowers the wet lingerie.

He spreads your legs and your pink, wet pussy is open before his eyes.

"I want to taste you."

You lean back and get ready to be eaten. It's been too long since you had a tongue on your slit. 

He sits down on the floor and pulls you forward and has you drape your legs over his shoulders. You are just inches from his face. Your pussy lips are open and your clit is sticking out, glistening. He blows on it just a little. And you whimper, begging for his tongue. He has other plans; he wants to go slow.

He blows light breaths on your clit and up and down your lips, all over. Your hips are bucking and you feel as though you could cum right there. You feel his tongue swipe all the way up your slit, from the edge of your ass, until he stops just below you clit. He's teasing you; he knows you're ready to burst but wants to stretch it out.

You close your eyes and wait for his next move, trembling. A tongue jabs at one of your lips, running up the side and back down slowly. It switches to the other side, just grazing your engorged clit.

Now it's flicking all over your pussy, everywhere but your clit. The flicking gets faster as he slides the tip of his tongue, wet with your juices, everywhere. You're thrashing again, calling his name, saying "please...please."

Please, what?"

"Suck it."

"Suck what; I want to hear you say it."

"My clit...please...I need it. It's been so long."

He puts the tip of his tongue right on your sensitive nub and pushes hard, eventually going in circles. It feels electric, and the waves of pleasure are washing over you. Every time you're on the verge of cumming, he slows down and lightly blows on you, still teasing.

You feel his tongue enter you and it twists it back and forth and you start pushing against his face, grinding your pelvis against his chin. It's long and comes to a sharp point, and he stabs it into you as twitching waves start coming up your legs. 

You tell him you're going to cum and he pops his tongue out of you and flicks it on your clit heavily, heavenly, up-and-down, side-to-side, taking it in his mouth for a second and nibbling on it, blowing, licking again. You can't take it anymore and you stiffen up and start trembling. You are cumming, harder then you ever have before, moaning so loud the neighbors can hear you. Your ass is pushing up off the couch and you're thrashing with abandon. He has to hold you down to keep his mouth on you.

Your orgasm lasts for at least a minute and he sits back and watches you twitch. When you open your eyes, his face is right in front of you, covered in your essence. He kisses you and you can taste yourself on his lips.

He puts his arms around you and you both laugh and talk.

His cock is standing up straight. You stroke it and feel the fluids leaking from the big head. You want him inside you right away, so you switch positions and climb up on his lap. It's been a long time since you've had a cock this big in you, so you know it may take a couple minutes for him to get all the way in.

You hover over his cock, sliding it along your lips, teasing him now. He begs to be inside you and you oblige, impaling yourself on him. The head pushes in and stretches you. You're so wet that the rest slides in without much effort and soon he's filling you to your core. 

He grabs you by the waist and pulls you up, almost off, and rubs his head against the edge of your lips, before pumping you down again. You feel as though you could cum and let him know, asking him why he hasn't cum yet.

"Soon enough, but I want you to do it again," he says, and slowly pushes you down, deeper than before, holding you tight. You're twitching again, preparing for a bigger orgasm, when you see the bedroom door open across from you. His friend, who was in the house the whole time, watching, walks out of the room grins at you.

He has nothing on but a pair of boxers and he's well built, like an athlete, a little shorter and more muscular than your student, with shaggy hair. Sticking out of his shorts is a very thick penis, not as long as the one buried in you, but much wider. You're startled for a second, but the cock inside you feels too good to stop. Besides, your friend is holding your waist tight, sucking on your nipples.

He takes the nipple out of his mouth and whispers in your ear, "This is Sean. I told him how sexy you are and he wants to be with you, too. Is that OK?"

You shake your head yes, and give in. You know you're not a slut every day, but for now you're going to be one. You're going to allow two young men to have their way with you, one you've never met. For just this once you're going to let your inhibitions go and let them fuck and suck you. No one will ever know and it will only happen this once ... you think.

Just then, looking at one big cock, another buried in you, you cum so much stronger than before, bucking up and down on his cock so hard he has to hold you down. You're babbling about how good it feels, and his friend walks up to you and slides his cock in your mouth.

It's so big, your lips are open wide and he's pushing it in as far as you'll let him. You're still cumming and bouncing on the first cock. Your muffled moans fill the room. You have one long cock all the way in your pussy and another fat one shoved lewdly in your mouth and your tits are swaying. You feel another wave hit, just as your student tells you he's gonna cum. You can't get up fast enough, or don't want to, and feel him squirting his seed inside you, splashing up against the walls of your pussy.

You feel the cock in your mouth start to twitch and his friend can't hold back. He pulls put of your mouth and jacks his salty cum all over you tits, nipples and the back of the couch.

Your student is still inside you; he's moaning into your ear, telling you how amazing it feels, like nothing he's ever experienced before. You feel him squeezing his cock, draining the rest into your pussy, and little electric shocks pulse deep inside you and on your nipples. You're breathing through your mouth; still mumbling about how that was the best orgasm you've ever had.

"That's just the beginning." You look up and Sean is staring into your eyes, his semi-erect cock right in front of your face. 

"Let's get you cleaned up," he says, and the student pulls out of you. You shudder because your slit is still humming. Arms pull you up. You're unsteady on your legs as they lead you to the bathroom. 

A minute later you're in the shower, hot water spraying all over your shoulders, swollen tits and stomach. Sean is behind you, washing your back as you lean into his friend, your arms around his shoulders, kissing him. Sean's hands are all over your body now, running soap on your breasts, your ass and between your legs. Once you're cleaned up, Sean slips his thumb into your hot slit from behind, rubbing your clit in circles with his index finger.

You push back into Sean's hand, groaning into his friend's neck. Just when you think you're about to cum again, the water shuts off and you're standing on the cool tiles. The boys are drying you off with fluffy, clean towels kissing your warm neck. You feel like you could fall asleep right there, but they have other plans...

Your student takes you in his arms and carries you into the bedroom, from where Sean watched you get seduced earlier. He sets you down on the bed and slips next to you, kissing your lips slowly, exploring your mouth with his long tongue.

"Do you want more of this?" he whispers, and you nod yes. 

The bed creaks, and a Sean's finger enters you, curling up toward your G spot as the student kisses the nape of your neck, your shoulders and lips. He slips in behind you so your both sitting up on the bed, his legs on either side of you, watching as Sean slides another finger into your soaking wet hole.

The student puts his fingers in your mouth, gets his digits wet and starts to gently squeeze your hard nipples. He kisses the back of your neck and you twist your head around searching for his lips, as he slowly tickles your belly.

A pillow is slipped under your ass and Sean leans down and kisses your pussy, as if he was making out with a woman – turning his head sideways and pushing his lips into you hard, soft, then with force again, sliding his tongue in as far as it will go, so far that the tip of his nose is jammed against your clit.

You eyes are closed and you can feel four hands on your body, fluttering against your breasts and nipples, in and out of your pussy and up and down your legs. Behind your eyelids you see a myriad of colors, pinks and purples swirling together with bright whites and you feel another powerful orgasm building in your toes, slowly carrying up your legs.

Sean is going to town now, as you tell him how much you love to be eaten. He gets the hint and flutters his tongue against your clit, faster than the student did. You start bucking -- jamming your pelvis up to meet his lips. You want to cum so bad and can feel it boiling up toward Sean's mouth, your slit.

In your drowsy state, you hear Sean say, "Turn her over, I have to get inside her," and the student gently asks if it's OK. All you can do is nod.

They quickly flip you over, on all fours. His hard cock is right at your mouth and Sean's penis is pushing against your slit. At once they slide their cocks into each hole. You open wide to get your mouth around one huge, erect head as you feel a wide cock, thicker than any you've had in you before, opening you up from behind, slowly boring into you. 

A muffled groan comes from your lips, half pain, half ecstasy, and Sean slows down so you can get used to his monster invading you. "Just a little more, Baby; you're gonna love it," he assures you, and you feel your student's hands softly running over your shoulders, reassuring you. 

You take his penis from you mouth and wrap your hands around it, rubbing your spit into the head. This drives him wild. Sean pulls out a little and pushes back in, trying to open you more. You lower your head and start sucking your student's balls, licking the smooth skin. You also start to push your ass back into his friend, timing it to meet his thrusts. It's painful, but you're determined to get it all the way in. Sean places his hands on your hips and lets you do the work, grinding back into him.
