 Here is the next chapter of the Stacy series. Enjoy. Read it, rate it, and tell me about it. Thanks. 

Friday finally came and went, which meant Stacy had the breast surgery. Dr. Weinstein made two small incisions in each of her armpits to insert the implants, which would be filled up to the appropriate size. 

The implants were placed under the muscle tissue as Dr. Weinstein and Stacy had agreed upon as to give her “new” breasts a more natural look. Though this would cause more pain and a longer healing period for Stacy to deal with but seeing that Serena had the procedure done the same way, and how magnificent her breasts look, the extra hindrances would be worth the outcome.

Stacy woke up extremely groggy and in an immense amount of pain from the anesthesia and the surgery itself. A nurse was taking to her, asking her simple questions to ensure that everything went well. Generally, checking on her vital signs. 

After 10 or 15 minutes pass, Serena is allowed to see her friend. The blonde porn star walks back into the recovery area with a smile and a small wave, knowing full well how Stacy is now feeling. 

“Hi. How are you felling baby?” says Serena as she moves next to the hospital bed and gently strokes her friend’s face. 

All Stacy does is place her hands over her now bandaged chest and moan “Painful.” Serena just lovingly stokes her friend’s forehead.

After a few minutes, Dr. Weinstein comes back to check on Stacy. “How is my patient doing?” The young beautiful newlywed moans a painful moan in response.

Talking directly to Serena, the very successful plastic surgeon begins to give her instructions on how Stacy should proceed the next few days. That naturally for the first three days she will neither feel like or be able to do much of anything because of the significant pain. “But you remember that from your own procedure.” replies the doctor. Serena told the doctor that she has yet to forget and that she is going to help her friend out with whatever she needed.

The doctor told Serena and Stacy, that in about 3 or four days she will be able to do her normal activities. He then told the pornstar specifically what actives that her friend could and could not do. Just to remind her, even though she had yet to forget herself.

The doctor continued to say that Stacy should come to see him tomorrow to see how the surgery went and the bandages should remain on Stacy for the until tomorrow to help avoid possible affection and for minor drainage. 

Serena took her less groggy and now very aware of the pain-ridden friend to Stacy’s house. By then Stacy was a little more aware, Serena carefully escorted her the house. With precision, the porn star helped Stacy onto the couch. Knowing that today, that the blonde newlywed would only feel like sleeping, Serena quickly hurried upstairs to gather a couple of pillows and a blanket.

Upon returning to the living room, the porn star placed the pillows down on the couch and gently laid her friend back on to the couch. Then she covered Stacy up with the big warm blanket. Giving her friend a gentle kiss on the forehead, the newlywed was already fast a sleep.

Knowing that her friend would be sleeping for quite some time, she decided to go to the pharmacy to have the prescription painkillers filled given to her by Dr. Weinstein in case Stacy would need them. The trip did not take very long and she came back to still find her married friend sound a sleep.

The blonde porn starlet went into the kitchen to put the painkillers away and to have herself a small snack. After coming out of the kitchen with a plate of fruit, she saw Stacy beginning to stir a bit. “Ow! Damn!” says Stacy as she rubs her sore chest area.

“Aw. The pain is horrible at first but don’t worry it gets better and soon it will be a distant memory once you see your new breasts.” says Serena as she moves over to the couch and sits on the edge trying to comfort her.

Stacy tries to sit up on her elbows but that is when the pain hits her and decides for now to just relax on her back. Serena asks Stacy if she is hungry. The newlywed replies no but is very thirsty and if Serena could get her some thing to drink. Quickly, the porn star gets up and goes into the kitchen and gets a large glass of water and brings it to her friend. Carefully helping Stacy up to drink, she gulps down the water. Serena puts the glass on the living room table and sits on the edge of the couch, placing her friend’s legs over her lap as she gently massages Stacy’s feet.

“God I knew it was going to be painful but I had no idea it would feel like a burning pain on my chest. Damn it hurts.” replies Stacy.

“Yeah it’s definitely extremely more painful then one would think.” says Serena.

“No fucking kidding ” says Stacy blatantly. 

Serena just nods and head and laughs in agreement with Stacy. Stacy even lets out a small laugh but pain shoots through her chest as her chest jerks up and down with the laugh. “Ow.” say Stacy as she tries to smile through the pain.

For the rest of the day, Stacy was in significant pain, which the pain medication only controlled for small moments during the rest of the day. After drifting in and out of sleep for most of the day around 5:00 PM, she was finally wide-awake. Almost upon waking up, she wanted something to eat. So her friend made them both a grilled chicken breast, some corn, and some wild rice. 

With great help and with teeth gritted Serena had to help her up to couch to use the bathroom or sit up to eat. The two women ate the dinner. The conversation during the meal consisted of what Stacy’s “new” breasts would look like, the pain and soreness of them, and how Alex was going to react to them. Stacy and Serena almost said simultaneously, “Probably cum in his pants.” Though Stacy actually said “Probably orgasm himself.” The two women just shared a good laugh. The two gorgeous women’s conversation went from topic to topic until the phone interrupted it.

Stacy thought it was Alex calling but as soon as she picked it up a woman’s voice said “This is Dr. Weinstein’s office calling to inform you that you have an appointment with the doctor tomorrow at 10:00 AM.” Stacy said no problem and then hung up the phone.

“Who was that?” asks Serena. 

“Dr. Weinstein’s office. I have an appointment for 10:00AM tomorrow morning. You won’t mind going with me, would you?” replies Stacy.

“I wouldn’t miss the unveiling girl.” teases Serena with a huge smile.

Stacy just smiles back at her friend and says “Yeah I’m very anxious to see them myself.”

That statement had great meaning and honesty. One thing Stacy could not wait for is to look at her new breasts. For her it felt like she was a child again and it was Christmas, she could not wait to unwrap her “present”.

The two blonde bombshells settled down to watch some Television. Stacy invited her beautiful friend to join her under the covers. The two gorgeous women found a position, where they could snuggle and make sure that the blonde newlywed was comfortable. As the they finally began to watch one of the many reality TV dating shows found on TV, the phone rang.

Serena got up to pick it up and quickly remembering that it could be Alex, hands the phone over to her friend. Stacy answers and Alex replies “Hello.”

“Alex it’s so good to hear your voice.” says Stacy

“I love hearing yours too. Sorry about calling so late but Its been hectic at this new office all day. I’m amazed that I’m at the hotel at this hour. I thought I would be there way past 8:00 PM.” replies Alex.

“What was the problem?” asks Stacy.

“Stacy Honey, I don’t know where to start. When I got here the office is in shambles, its understaffed, the people who do work here are unfamiliar how to proceed, and when we finally get going either the computers break down or something else happens.” explain Alex. 

“Poor baby.” says the blonde newlywed.

“Yeah but that’s why I’m now paid the big bucks.” laughs Alex.

“Yeah.”, kids Stacy.

“By the way how are you making it all by yourself in that big house?” inquires Alex.

“So far it’s not so bad, but to be honest I’m not alone.” says Stacy

“Who’s there with you?” asks a confused Alex.

“It just my friend Serena. I told you about her remember.” states Stacy.

“Oh OK.” replies Alex.

“Do you wanna speak to her.” says Stacy as she hands the phone over to Serena. Serena easily accepts the phone.

“Stacy, you don’t have to.” says Alex.

“Hi Alex. This is Serena. It’s nice to finally be able to speak to you.” says one of the sexiest voices he has ever had the pleasure of hearing.

“Ah, Hi. I’ve heard a lot about you from Stacy.” says Alex.

“I hope only good things.” says the gorgeous porn star to her friend’s husband.

“Stacy does speak kind of you.” replies Alex.

“Well I’ll let you off the hook. I’ll let you speak to your beautiful wife again. Don’t worry Alex, Stacy is in good hands.” says Serena in a breathy sexy way

Alex is not sure what Serena meant by that last statement but is unable to put much thought into as Stacy is back on the phone “That’s Serena’s sense of humor, she loves to tease people. When your around her long enough, you learn to know that.” says Stacy as she gives her friend a glare of disbelief at what she said to Alex.

Serena just smiles back at Stacy with a devious look as she gets back onto the couch and under the blanket. Alex yawns loudly over the phone.

“I’m sorry Stacy, but I’m actually pretty tired and I have be in the office early tomorrow.” says Alex as he yawns again.

“I’m tired too I’m going to be heading to bed soon myself.” replies Stacy.

“Good night Stace. I’ll call again soon. I love you.” says Alex.

“I love you too baby. Can’t wait to hear from you again. Night.” says Stacy and she hangs the phone up after she hears Alex’s end click.

Stacy yawns herself. Looking at the clock on the digital cable device, it displays 10:30 PM. She then says “I think I’m going to go to bed. I’m really tired.”

“Sounds good, you have had a big day. I’ll help you upstairs and into bed.” replies Serena.

Serena carefully and gently escorted her friend upstairs. While sitting on the bed, the porn star helped Stacy out of her pants. Then she gently laid her back. Remembering that the pillows and blankets are downstairs, she hurriedly retrieves them. 

Stacy takes one of the pillows and puts in under her head. Stacy does her best to help her friend to situate the blanket on the bed. After finally getting her friend settled in bed, Serena begins to yawn uncontrollably. 

“I’m kind of tired myself. You don’t mind if I spend the night.”, asks Serena.

“Oh God no. Just take Alex’s side of the bed.”, replies Stacy.

With that comment, the pornstar begins to strip her clothing off. First she kicks off her cloggy tan casual heels, then she unbuttons the faded bell bottomed hip hugger jeans. Stacy can not help herself, as she watches her gorgeous friend and lover undress before her. 

Taking notice of Stacy, the blonde porn starlet begins to slowly pull the jeans down her legs. Then grabbing the bottom of the tight fitting light gray short sleeved shirt, she slowly peels it upward off her body. When it is finally off and has dropped it to the floor. As though she is yawning.; the blonde porn star stretches her arms out, standing out on the tips of her toes, she sticks out her ample breasts barely confined behind the light blue lace bra.

Then, Serena bent over acting like she is organizing her clothes into a neat pile, she purposely sticks her firm, round, heart shaped ass encased in her tight form fitting lace light blue thong boy style panties. Serena then straightens up and smiles to herself knowing that she just put on a show for her married friend.

Serena pulls the blanket back and swiftly gets into the bed. Looking at Stacy, the porn star says “Did you like what you see?”

Stacy just smiles back and that is all Serena needed. The blonde porn star leans over to her friend and gives Stacy a soft but passionate kiss. The married kisses Serena back as each of their lips dance with one another.

The porn star broke her kiss from Stacy and says “Good night Stace.”

“Good night Serena.” says Stacy as she turns the light off by her bed stand.

The two women settle in bed and soon the two gorgeous blondes are fast a sleep. Stacy wakes up at 7:25 AM to find that Serena is not in bed but she can hear the shower going. Carefully, she tries to sit up in bed and like yesterday the pain from her surgery runs over her chest area. 

With in minutes, the shower shuts off and out comes her friend with a towel tightly wrapped around her body and around her head. “Good morning. How are you feeling?” asks Serena.

“Good morning yourself. Well I’m still in a lot pain is all I know.” states Stacy to her friend.

“Hope you don’t mind I had to take a shower.” says Serena.

“That’s OK.” says Stacy

“Can I borrow a pair of panties?” asks the porn star.

“Sure, Just go into that dresser by the closet. The second drawer. I don’t think my bras will fit you.” states Stacy.

Serena heads to the dresser, open the drawer and pulls out a white lace sheer thong. Allowing the towel to drop free of her gorgeous form, she first places her right foot into the thong and then her left and pulls them up over her hips. Then she turns to Stacy and says “Can I borrow something to wear?” with a huge smile.

“Go ahead and raid my closet.”, says Stacy.

Serena goes into her friend’s closet and picks out a pair of jeans and a plain white long sleeved buttoned up shirt. The blonde porn starlet quickly gets dressed.

“You look sexy.” says the married blonde.

“Thanks.” says Serena with a shinning smile.

Serena then helps her friend get dressed. Stacy was able to dress herself though it took a lot longer than normal. She ended up slipping on a pair of black hip hugger jeans and a red button up long sleeved shirt of her own which she rolled up the sleeves. The button up shirt would be easier to put on and remove at the doctor’s office.

The two blonde bombshells went downstairs to have a quick breakfast before heading to Dr. Weinstein’s office. They ended up each having a bagel with some cream cheese and a cup of coffee.

Stacy and Serena arrived at the Dr. Weinstein’s office on time. They were almost taken in immediately. In the examination room, the blonde newlywed had to wait nearly 10 minutes before the doctor finally came in. He asked how Stacy was feeling. She replied that she felt pretty good accept for the pain. She added that she could not wait to see her “new” breasts.

With that the doctor asked her to remove her shirt. Stacy did with some discomfort. Then the doctor carefully and slowly removed her bandages. Stacy looked down to see her now bigger fuller breasts standing at attention. She was shocked at their size but Dr. Weinstein reassured her that in a week much of the swelling will have gone down and that in two weeks all the swelling should disappear and her breasts will be at the appropriate size, which would be 34 d’s.

Grabbing a mirror and handing it to Stacy, to look at her “new” breast from all angles. Stacy was immensely pleased by the look of them. Though they were much larger than before, Dr. Weinstein had performed an incredible job because they looked as natural as they possibly could.

Dr. Weinstein informed Stacy the married blonde that by Monday, she will be able to get back to her normal routine. Though she will have to wait a few weeks before working out again to ensure she is completely healed from the procedure. The doctor told Stacy that in little under a week the pain she is currently feeling will lessen and by the end of two weeks the pain will almost be completely gone. That is one thing she would not miss about the surgery.

He told the blonde newlywed that she would need to make an appointment to see him in two weeks for a check-up and with a thank you the blonde newlywed puts her shirt back on and greatly thanked Dr. Weinstein. On the way out she made the appointment for two weeks from this day.

In Serena’s car and on the way back to Stacy’s house, the two women could not stop talking about they married blonde’s “new” breasts. Stacy could not get over how wonderful they looked and felt in the doctor’s office, though she did not want to feel them too much since she was still in a great deal of discomfort.

Serena says “I think when you get back to your house, you should call Kevin and inform him that by next month, you’ll be able to make your film debut.”

“Yeah I can’t wait. Plus that’ll give me time to figure out how to tell Alex about me staring in a porn film.” replies Stacy.

“Have you figured out how you are going to let him know?” asks Serena.

“Not yet because I’m not sure how he’ll react. I mean I know he won’t be overly pleased but to what extent of he’ll be angry I not sure. I know he has a hidden stash of porn films in his office that he watches when I’m not home or when I’m a sleep but the women staring in those films aren’t his wife.” states Stacy.

Her friend just nods her head in agreement and says “It was tough telling my family that I was going to star in adult films. It was probably the hardest conversation I had with my parents but I knew before ever being in front of the camera for my first scene that is what I had to do. 

At first my parents were completely shocked at the choice I was going to make, they could not understand how their daughter would want to be in the porn industry. I told them that this is what I want to do with my life and for my whole life I have always been an independently responsible individual. I told them even though I was planning to make this particular choice, I was still going to complete my education because your not in porn forever. Which I did complete my education and received a degree in BA in Liberal Arts. 

Though I was not a household porn name until after I had graduated from college.” says Serena.

“How did your parents react?” inquires Stacy.

“I knew they were going to be pissed and they were, but I thought they might disown me. My father said OK with a tensed look on his face and left the room to go into the living room to watch TV. 

What surprised me is my Mom got up from her chair walked over to me and gave me a hug and said to me.” says the blonde porn star.

“Serena dear, I don’t agree with your choice but you’re our daughter and we’re here for you no matter what. We love you and we want you to know that. We also know that you’re your own person and you are going to do whatever you want and if this is what you want for your life we’ll try to be as understanding as possible. But you have to be patient with your father.” said Serena’s Mom.

“That was an understatement, it took many weeks before he could say something to me and took many months before we could talk and have a conversation.

Even though today my parents and me have a pretty good relationship, not everyone who be I had to tell, be them family of friends about me being a porn star has been that understanding. But what I have learned it’s best to be honest with the people you care for and those who care for you. And if they do truly care for you, they’ll understand. Sometimes it’s easy and sometimes you have to fight for their understanding. But you have to tell them because this decision just doesn’t affect your life, it will affect theirs. 

The funniest thing is the person who I had the easiest time telling was my boyfriend at that time. He actually loved the idea me of doing porn. But he was a bit of a freak.” kids Serena.

“I though all about that Serena but it doesn’t make it any easier. I know I can tell my sister and I think she’ll be relatively understanding. I know I have to tell Alex and I know he’ll be pissed but deep down I do hope he’ll be understanding. But how do I tell my mom and dad.?” says Stacy.
