 My name is Lisa and I work for a large office supply store as a merchandise buyer. I am one of eight buyers of products in the United States. With the job comes the responsibility of attending trade shows and supplier conventions. All of the national buyers are required to attend the shows and compare notes and exchange ideas.

I have a better working relationship with three of the buyers that I have a lot in common with and the four of us usually end up spending the entire show and convention together along with many meals and drinks together as well. 

I am 43 and after two kids and eight years of marriage, my body could look better, but I am happy with my life. I definitely would not be considered a MILD. I am about 165 pounds and still carry some of my weight from my last pregnancy, but overall I am happy, I am 5'9" and in high heels, I can be an intimidating women and my best feature are my 38D breasts that remain very firm with large nipples that grew much more sensitive after breast-feeding my second child.

I arrived at the convention on Tuesday a.m. and we had a buyer's luncheon set-up for Tuesday afternoon with all eight of us to sit in and review monthly and quarterly sales and inventory reports before breaking up for a supplier's reception and dinner on our own.

As normal, after our meeting, I arranged to go to the reception with Brad, Walt and Michael. All three of them were regional buyers like myself with long history with the company and we all shared many common interests such as being married, hating these types of conventions and dislike for many of the people who came to these meetings. We were also all very sarcastic people who liked to poke fun at each other and those around us.

During the reception/happy hour we all mingled and I managed to get hit on several times by other buyers or suppliers who had no idea they had no shot in hell of taking me home or ever getting a sale out of me. It was almost comical at times and I was saved more than once by my posse of Brad, Walt and Michael.

As the reception ended, the four of us decided to do drinks and bar food in the hotel bar and call it a night. 

None of the three men that I was having dinner with would be called good-looking or overly attractive. Like me, they had all let the years and married life catch up to them. Brad was 41, about 6'1" and while not over weight had the middle age stomach bulge starting and had a receding hairline. Walt was a shorter man, 5'6" and in his mid-40's and while his hair was still full it showed many shots of gray, more each time we saw him. Walt was the most outgoing of our little group, more of a sales mentality than the rest of us. Michael was probably the best looking of our group standing 6'2", close to 200 pounds with a shaved head and goatee. Michael, while an imposing figure physically, was not a confident person and got bossed around a lot by other buyers in our group and more often than not by his bitchy, overbearing, yet wealthy wife.

I guess the point I am making is that none of the four of us were drop dead gorgeous, but we all knew that and did not take it personally and had happy lives nonetheless.

As the four of us grabbed a table in the bar, the guys were giving it to me hard about my popularity with the men at the reception. 

"It looked like every shark in the room who didn't know you smelled fresh meat," said Walt.

"Little did they realize they were not going to get a smell of anything else," I told them and we all laughed. 

"It did seem that the new girl from the paper company took a liking to you Mikey," I blurted out. "She had your ear and seemed to want more of you every time I looked over."

"It must have been my charming personality or maybe it was my big....paper buying budget...besides, if I was ever going to cheat on my wife, it would need to be a better option than a lonely paper saleswoman," replied Mike.

After we all downed our second round and finished up our appetizers, it was still too early to head to our rooms so we decided to have one more drink.

"Hey Lisa, did you hear that our buddy Brad got upgraded to a super suite due to them losing his reservation and his luggage being taken to the wrong room," asked Walt.

"What is a super suite and how is Brad? You probably have a nicer room than Mr. Peterson gets at this convention," I joked.

'It isn't that great, it only has two full bedrooms, two bathrooms, a sunken living room, a raised dining room, a full bar and a two level balcony with a hot tub," replied Brad.

"What," I screamed, "What the hell are we doing here, why aren't we up in your private palace hanging out drinking," I said.

"I didn't think it would be a good idea for the four of us to be hanging out in my hotel room," replied Brad.

"It is not like it is one room with a king bed, it is a condo-sized suite, I have never been in a hotel suite like that, let's go up and check it out," I said.

We all agreed with Brad being very reluctant and trying to talk us out of it.

As we entered the elevator, Brad had to put a key into the elevator to get it to allow him to push the button for the 28th floor. 

"Christ Brad, you have your own floor, how can I get them to lose my reservation and luggage for that sweet of a deal," Walt piped in.

As the elevator doors opened instead of a long hallway, there were was a short one with only two doors, one labeled "A" and one labeled "B". Brad went to the "B' door and opened it with his room card. As we entered and walked down the stairs into the room, the suite was nicer and larger than my home. The furniture all looked like it was hand made and the entire suitet looked like something out of designer magazine. As we all took the tour of the room, more comments were made to try to embarrass Brad about the suite.

"Who is in the "A" suite, Michael Jordan," said Walt.

"I have a single room with a dirty bedspread and you have all this, I am moving in," said Mike jokingly.

"Let's break open the bar and have some drinks," I chimed in.

All four of us were soon sitting out on the upper balcony with a glass of champagne in hand enjoying the warm air and the view.

"This convention has turned out great already with being able to enjoy the view and the free drinks up in your room," I said as I slipped out of my high heels and started to feel relaxed after my sixth or seventh drink of the day.

"I guess this is not a bad room for little old me and I am happy to share it a little with my staff," joked Brad. 

As the sun started to set and the air got cooler Walt said to Brad, "Are we getting in the hot tub tonight to relax?"

"I didn't bring a bathing suit, but I can go in with my boxers," said Brad. 

Mike chimed in and said he was in up for a dip in the hot tub as well.

"That sucks, I don't have a suit with me so I can't get in the hot tub and I don't have any boxers with me either," I told the three of them with a laugh.

"You can borrow a pair of my boxers if you want or you can join us in bra and panties if you want," countered Walt.

"I'm not sure that would be a good idea," I replied.

"What are you afraid you will not be able to control yourself in the hot tub with us three studs," laughed Mike.

"Maybe Mike is right," said Walt, "You are afraid."

A million thoughts were heading through my mind at this point. Should I do it? What would my three co-workers think if they got to see me in my underwear? Finally throwing caution to the wind, I said, "I will do it with a couple of ground rules that we all must obey."

"First, I get in the tub first without you guys looking. Second, no touching, third, this all stays between us and fourth, tonight will not change our working relationship or our friendship, do we all agree," I told them.

They are quickly agreed as I was sure they would. I then sent them out to the living room so I could strip down to bra and panties and I also told them no peeping. As I started to disrobe, my stomach start to have butterflies in it, but I managed to strip down and get in the tub and turn the jets on. I then called out to the guys that I was ready.

All three came back to the balcony in record time, disappointed because I had sunk down in the hot tub and the only thing I was showing was from the neck up.

They then started to strip down to their boxers and got into the spa. As I looked at all the guys getting into the tub, I knew that none of us would win any beauty contests. We all were overweight with many physical imperfections, but it was still exciting to hang out with my co-workers in our underwear. I then sat up and the guys were all eyes as my bra had become transparent in the water and my tits were on full display.

"Oh shit, I did not consider that happening," I said as I looked down at my tits.

"I think I can speak for the three of us and tell you we do not mind," said Brad.

"I bet you don't mind as my tits are in plain-view," I told them.

"Maybe you should take your bra off then, after all we can see everything anyway," said Walt.

After a minute of thinking about it , I said, "I will take my bra off only if you guys stand-up and take your boxers of before I remove my bra." 

Suddenly there was silence on the balcony as all of the witty remarks had dried up. I stared at each of the guys waiting for their answer.

"What do you say guys, is showing her our dicks worth seeing those huge tits of hers," Walt said.

Both Brad and Mike said they were in if Walt was in and he said he was. With that all of guys stood up in the hot tub and waited. 

"Which one of us goes first?" asked Brad.

"I vote for you Brad as it is your room," said Mike.

Walt and I agreed. Let's see what you are hiding in your boxers," I said.

With that Brad pulled his boxers down exposing a hard dick that was not all that long, maybe six inches, but very thick with a circumcised head. I stared at his dick thinking I had not seen another guy's dick since before I had married my husband. 

"There I did it, now it is your turn Walt," said Brad as he sat back down on the edge of the tub keeping his dick in full view of my face.

Walt then moved to the middle of hot tub and quickly pulled down his boxers showing off a slightly small dick than Brad's, but still very hard and thick. I stared at his dick as it bobbed up and down and he reached for the shaft and gave it a stroke or two and then moved to sit next to Brad. 

Next up was Mike, who quickly moved to the center of the tub and also pulled down his black silk boxers exposing a totally shaved dick that looked to be almost seven inches long. It may not have been that big, but the lack of pubic hair around his dick and balls made it look bigger. There I was, sitting in a hot tub with three naked co-workers, staring at their dicks.

"Ok lady, we've done our part, your turn," said Walt as he pulled on his dick again.

Suddenly I was very nervous as to the direction we were going in, but I knew that I was safe with the guys and anytime I wanted to stop, I could. So I stood up and facing all three of them, unbuttoned the snap on my bra and let it come off of my shoulders and fall into the water. 

I heard murmurs from the guys as the stared at my very big and firm tits. Throwing caution to the wind, I slipped my hands down and pushed my panties down my legs allowing them to see me in all of my naked glory.

"I didn't think it as fair to you guys for me to still be clothed if you guys were all naked," I explained to them. "I hope this old lady's body does not disappoint you guys?"

"Lisa, you look so hot standing there," said Brad. Walt and Mike both agreed and their hard dicks pointing right at me proved that they were all telling the truth.

I then turned around so my ass was facing the guys and bent over to spread my legs to show them my pussy from behind and my asshole. I was not sure why I did this, but it felt good to do it. "How do I look from this angle?" I questioned.

"Good enough to eat," said Mike.

Suddenly there was an uncomfortable silence as I turned around and looked at them as they still sat on the edge of the tub, all of them now stroking their dicks. I then realized that I was so fucking horny being naked in front of three men that I wanted to take the next step. So I leaned forward, got on my knees in front of them and reached out to fondle Brad's and Walt's dicks first as I replaced their hands with my hands. 

What a rush I was having. Never in my life had I done something like this and I was so hot and horny that I was having trouble breathing as I pull on two dicks at once. I had lost track of Mike until I felt a pair of hands reaching from behind me and grabbing my tits and pulling and pinching my nipples as his hard dick poked me in the back of my neck.. 

"MMMMMMMMMMmmmmmm," I moaned as my nipples got harder from Mike's attention. I then leaned forward and took Brad's cock into my mouth and started to bob up and down on it while I kept jerking Walt's dick. I soon felt Brad's dick swell and heard him start to moan as his cum shot out of his cock into my mouth. As Brad finished cumming, I felt my knees getting sore and told the guy's if they wanted to continue we needed to get to a softer location. With that Mike pulled my hand up and helped me out of the tub and he and Walt walked me to the bedroom with me holding each of their dicks.

I flopped down on the bed on my back as Walt leaned down and kissed me on the mouth as I felt Mike spreading my legs and starting to lick my pussy with long strokes. When Brad finished our kiss he moved to the side of the bed and rubbed his dick up and down and all over my face and then slid it into my open mouth and started to fuck my face hard and fast. As his dick was not that long, I was able to take the whole shaft into my mouth. 

Mike was continuing to eat my pussy when I suddenly felt him start to tongue my asshole as well. His tongue started to push in and out of my asshole as I started to rock my hips forward and moan from the anal penetration, my moans suddenly set Walt off and he started to shoot off in my mouth and he got so excited he pulled his dick out of my mouth and shot two spurts onto my face. 

The feeling of cum on my face and having a tongue in my asshole along with Mike's fingers in my cunt set me off just as Brad started to suck on my tits and nipples.

"AAAAAHHHHHHHhhhhhh, I'm cummmiiinnnggg, keep going you motherfuckers, so fuckkkkkkkking good," I screamed. 

My orgasm seemed to go on forever as Mike kept his tongue in my asshole and Walt and Brad kept sucking on my tits. 

As I started to come down from the afterglow of my orgasm, I felt Mike climb between my legs and put his cock inside of my pussy and start to fuck me hard and fast. His dick was longer than my husband's dick so he way going deeper into me and suddenly his dick hit my clit in the right spot and I started to cum again as Walt and Brad kept biting my nipples. My orgasm set Mike off and he started to fuck harder with shorter strokes and blasted six spurts of cum into my pussy.

As we all started to come down from our orgasms, all four of us collapsed onto the bed on top of each other and drifted off to sleep.