 This story takes place in the same area as 'Conversations with Amy' and 'What a Man Needs'. You don't have to read those to follow this. The main character here, Donna, had a bit part in CwA and one day I thought of her visiting Jessie's shop. Sometimes these characters seem to have a life of their own! Jeeez!

Please enjoy, any and all feedback is welcome and appreciated.

Donna visits Jessie's shop

Donna was having a frustrating day! Three clients were making noises about moving to a new firm, a failed bid to take over PR work for a new client, and a call from the IRS about her ex-husband. "What a messed-up day!" She thought to herself as she tossed her blonde hair over her shoulder and turned her head to back out of her parking space. She clicked on a small tape recorder at the same time and started listing some approaches for dealing with clients who want to leave. "Goddamn lousy economy, my clients need this service, but want to cut their nose off in spite of their face."

"HONKKKKKKKK!"

"Oh my God, I almost backed into that car, just what I do not need!" She waved her hand in an apology and accepted the raised finger as a rebuke. She shook her head, her hair creating that halo effect cameras always loved to capture, as she got her mind back to focus on what she as doing. She killed the tape and decided to spend a couple of hours relaxing before addressing work again. Carefully she drove toward her home and as she passed one of her favorite stores, she couldn't help stopping. "Yes, this is just what I need!"

"Donna, how are you?" The lady at the front greeted her warmly. Jessie was more than just a clerk, she was the majority owner, but she preferred being on the floor. There was something about working with customers that she loved. She took a personal interest in many of her customers, some more personal than others, like Donna! The former model helped Jessie with her advertising plans in return for a nice discount in the shop. Jess knew that Donna was not only beautiful, but smart and a very elegant lady, just the kind of client she wanted to attract into her shop.

"Jessie, I am doing OK, just a little stressed." She said with a smile and then a hug from Jessie. Several other customers noticed and the smiles ranged from loving to lustful as each person felt their own reaction to the tall gorgeous blonde holding the beautiful, but much shorter, brunette.

"Well, I think we can help you with some stress relief. What did you have in mind?"

"I'm not really sure, can I wander a bit?"

"Of course, Suzi is here if you need anything. I have to do some manager work in the office for a while." Jess indicated a very pretty Asian girl who started quivering in place as soon as Donna came in. Jess smiled to herself knowing how 'gone' Suzi was over Donna. Come to think of it, they would make a striking . ...

Donna interrupted her thought. "Anything pressing, something you need a hand with?"

"How about a sounding board before you do your own shopping, if you don't mind?"

"Sure!" Jess led Donna to her office and smiled again to herself when she saw the look on Suzi's face.

She sat her down and poured her a cup of excellent coffee. "I am having distributor problems, nothing overly serious, but kind of annoying."

"What kind of trouble?"

"My usual distributor refused to accept the return of a pile of movies and magazines. They aren't selling at all and the normal deal is that after so many weeks I can return them to the publisher."

So what's the problem?"

The distributor can't seem to get hold of the publisher, so if he takes them back, he gets stuck. If I keep them I get stuck for them."

"Did you order it?"

"It was tucked into a larger order and got signed for. By the time we realized it I had them on the shelf already. I think out of 240 movies we've sold 2, and none of the magazines."

"Crappy stuff?"

"Real amateur work, lousy lighting, supposedly hidden camera stuff, but what I looked at was poorly staged and obviously a put-up job. The magazines are nothing but still images from the movies with some pretty poor text tie-ins. Crappy isn't the word. Once I knew how bad it was, I pulled it from the shelves. Actually Suzi pulled it, since she is more in charge of the movies lately." There, Jessie did what she felt was appropriate and worked Suzi's name into the conversation -- twice!

"Well it sounds like you did everything right, but if your distributor can't return them to the production company, one of you will get stuck, if the production company sends a bill."

"Right, I usually pay though the distributor, so if I keep them, I have to pay them. They pay the production company."

Donna smiled a much more relaxed smile, happy to help out a friend. "Is the distributor pushing for payment?"

"Now that I think about it, no, which is very unusual." Jess looked a little puzzled.

"To me if the distributor isn't pushing that means . . ."

"It means the publisher isn't either and it probably means they haven't paid for them. I feel so much better!" She leaned over to her desk and hit a button.

"Suzi come in for a second, will you?"

Pretty Suzi came in all smiles. "Suzi, those crappy movies you pulled, where are they?"

"Boxed up in the basement, except for the few I gave you to look at."

"Oh yea." Jess opened a drawer and pulled them out. "Donna, take a look at how bad the covers look and then give them to Suz. Suzi, add them to the boxes and keep them separate in the basement. I don't even want customers to know we have such lousy merchandise!"

"Sure thing." Suzi looked at Donna. "Donna, what is it?"

Donna's face went pale as she looked down at the DVD cover. "Suzi, Jess, I swear this is Frank!"

"What?"

"I really need to see this movie, because this looks like my ex Frank."

"You're kidding, no, I can tell by your face you're not kidding. Why would he get involved in ... Oh never mind. Suzi, honey, take Donna down to the small break room and put in this film. Also get a copy of some of the others and the mags from the boxes for Donna to look at."

"Sure thing!"

"Thanks Jess." She hugged the smaller woman again and followed Suzi out of Jessie's office.

Suzi is a very sexy Asian girl who had a serious crush on Donna for months. "She is so perfect, beautiful, successful, and hotter than hell!" She told Jess, Ronnie, and anyone that would listen to her, on more than one occasion. But there was something that kept her from trying to be more than a salesgirl to her. Suzi wasn't shy, but there was a wall around Donna that didn't give her any indication a pass would be well received. She knew it wasn't a problem about her being a girl. As they went across the shop she remembered the first time she laid eyes on Donna

. . .

"Who is she?" Suzi asked Nadine, who was on monitor duty for the party.

"That, sexy Suzi, is a lady named Donna. Pretty magnificent, isn't she?"

Suzi watched Donna administer several smacks to the upturned ass of the naked girl lying across her ass. Suzi squirmed with each smack, wishing it was her ass. "I'll say. She looks familiar? Is she a customer?"

"Not that I know. Now scoot or at least be quiet or you'll distract me from monitoring."

Suzi slipped behind Nads, leaned over and cupped her breasts, and kissed her neck. Nadine's hands came and covered hers as she leaned into the kiss, all the while keeping one eye on the screen at the blonde.

Nadine swatted her arm. "You ain't helping."

Suzi left smiling. "It'll give ya something to think about."

She considered asking Jess about getting a copy of the party, but knew she would never agree. The action in a private party like that was monitored for safety and recorded for security reasons. More than one claim of rape disappeared when a copy of the recording was played for a defense lawyer and client. It's hard to justify rape when the client walks into the party room, strips her own clothes off and demands to be fucked like a slut!

Damn few paid any attention to the warning at the front door about the recording, and even fewer ever learn about it, as long as they just don't get stupid and try and blame the shop. Jess started the party room after some friends complained about not having a truly private place for a . . . shall we say wild party. It proved popular!

Suzi went into Jessie's office and flicked on the monitors behind two large panels. Nadine still had one camera pointed right toward the blonde. "Damn she IS gorgeous!"

Monitor three showed Nads was taking advantage of the view and had one hand in her pants. Suzi sat down on Jess's coffee table and opened her legs wide.

"Damn I have some horny girls working here."

Suzi jumped up. "Jessie, I . . ."

"Oh relax baby, go back to what you were doing. I like your taste in women."

"Do you know her?"

"Just her first name, Cecelia, the bride to be, introduced her when they came in to make the arrangements. Her name is Donna."

"Which one is Cecelia?"

Jess looked at another monitor. "I think she's buried under that pile of bodies off to the side."

At this point Donna stood and Suzi saw how tall and strikingly beautiful she was. The harness and 9 inch toy she was sporting looked good too.

Jess turned up the volume.

"Where is the bride? Cec, I have a present for you."

The crowd parted revealing an equally tall gorgeous woman on the floor.

Donna slowly advanced on the bride who pussy was recently the target of a pretty redhead's tongue. The girls on each side held her legs open. Her sweet looking pussy was making Suzi sweat.

"I'm gonna fuck me a lawyer, I'm gonna get me some lawyer-sex." She taunted as she stroked her cock while advanced. They became the focal point of room.

"I'm gonna sue you for sexual harassment if you don't get down here and fuck me. Goddamn model has gotta make everything a show."

"You can't sue me; I already own you. Your soul is mine!"

"That's my ass you own 'cause I work for you. My soul is still a virgin."

That cracked the whole room up.

"Turn the wench over, up on her knees."

Kneeling behind her, Donna, the apparent model, sank the nice big latex toy deep into her lawyer, much to the delight of her lawyer and everyone else in the room.

"Damn Jess, that's a wild bunch."

"More than most, that's for sure! Cecelia told me this was party number 2, the first was a typical bridal shower. This one was a much more 'select' crowd."

"So I see. No strippers?" Suzi looked for any of the usual male strippers and didn't see any.

"Two, Kat and Veronnie got them going good. They are in there somewhere."

"Lady strippers, how come I didn't get invited to this party?"

"You don't, my little slut, you stay for this one."

Suzi turned from the screen and looked at Jessie, her top and bra gone and her secret nature tenting her skirt. Suzi knelt down and didn't think about the blond until she came in as a customer a few weeks later.

. . .

On their way to the basement, the front door opened, a handsome man, one very familiar to Donna, came in. "William, Elise's husband" was her first thought. She flushed at her second, remembering that sweet Elise was in a bad car accident and died a while ago. She hadn't seen Wit in that long. He was more than a decade older than Donna and she remembered his lively sense of humor during the many neighborhood parties. In fact, Donna remembered a barbeque at Rob's when . . .

"HONEY!!!"

Donna looked up and saw Jess rocketing toward Wit, jumping up on him and hugging and then kissing him in a very forceful manner. It was touching and comical at the same time.

Donna felt Suzi behind her as they both watched Jess drag him to her office. Suzi was smiling at the scene.

"I guess Jessie has a guy."

Suzi smiled wider. "You have no idea."

"He's a good guy!"

"Do you know him?"

"Yea, he lives in my Platte. Nice guy, good head on his shoulders, do you know about his wife?"

"He's married?" Suzi's temper flared, making her look sexier in a very dangerous way.

Donna grabbed her arm before she ran to the office to interrupt. "No, Suzi, she died in a car accident last year. It tore him up pretty good for a long time. Actually now that I think about it, it's good to see him smiling."

Suzi went from mad to sad to happy faster than an instant-read thermometer. "He is a good guy and I think good for Jessie."

"He'll always be straight with her, unlike my ex."

"Frank, yea I remember him. He wasn't one of our favorite customers."

Donna looked surprised. "He hurt anyone?"

"No, nothing like that; I don't know how to explain it. Donna, what do you think of this shop, compared to other adult stores?"

Donna looked around at the professional decor, bright lighting, and huge windows. It was clean and manned by a bevy of beautiful girls who were engaging, helpful, and always smiling. Compared to a dark, hole in the wall run by a sweaty fat guy named . . . "Oh!"

"Right! Some customers make us feel dirty for working here, even as they feel dirty buying things here. Frank was a little worse and tried to treat Ronnie like a hooker. Jess had to kick him out and told him never to return."

"When was that?"

"He used to come in once in a while when you were married. He got ugly after you two split-up. We haven't seen him in a while."

Suzi took Donna downstairs and into a small room. It was furnished a couple of chairs, couch, table and a plasma flat panel on the wall above a small cabinet. She sat Donna on the couch and grabbed a remote control. The cabinet contained several devices including a DVD player. In went the movie. It started with a cheesy title sequence that was insulting to the professional in Donna and the woman in Suzi. Donna turned her attention to Suzi.

She was blushing slightly as Suzi fast forwarded through scenes in the movie. "Suzi, I can do this."

"No way, Donna; first off I want to see your reaction to the actor when I find him."

Donna smiled at that. "And the second reason?"

"If you think I am leaving your side while you watch a dirty movie, you are nuts."

"Suzi . . ."

"Shhh Donna. You have to know that I like you. But while I think I tempt you, there are serious complications which mean I can only lust after you from afar. If I got it wrong, then just leave me to my illusions"

Donna was amazed at how easily she summed it all up. She was older than her years, that's for sure.

"No, Suzi, you hit it right on the head." Donna hung her head a little and Suzi slid close.

"Hey Donna don't feel bad. I just wanted to make sure you know how I feel. No worries, no pressure." She touched Donna's shoulder. "Here, it should be soon, isn't that the house on the cover?"

Donna redirected her attention from her internal emotions to the screen.

The screen showed a house in some darkness. In some bushes stood a woman, she was in her late 30's or early 40's, older than the usual porn actress, full breasts, a little extra weight in the belly and hips, but too much make-up to be attractive. Without it she would be prettier. In fact . . . "Oh My God, I know her!"

"What?"

"That looks like a former neighbor of mine, a real tramp named Sylvia"

A man joined her on screen and Donna looked shocked. "That certainly is Frank."

"Oh wow, are you sure?"

"Oh yes, even in that lighting. That's him and the Platte slut." Donna looked more carefully at the screen. "I even know where that is. A small copse of trees and bushes between two properties in my neighborhood. That's the back of the top of the Becwraithe house, you can tell from the custom roof structure, very distinctive."

"Fucking wow!"

"This is incredible. Sylvia doesn't even live there anymore, well neither does Frank-less. It's been over a year for her. Can I see the other packages?"

Suzi handed her the DVD covers, cheap plastic with a single printed page on the front. A crappy picture of some other woman who looked a little familiar to Donna, done up in a ton and a half of make-up and leather. The title was "Subdivision Amateurs: part 10" and ID'ed the production company as a really weird looking backwards 'S', but stretched vertically with a small horizontal dash in the center of it. The distribution company was partnered with another firm, one Donna had heard of. She looked hard at the image on the front swearing she could almost see her without the make-up. It wasn't Sylvia; this woman had a long black hair, but crappy hair, probably a wig. Full figured, Wagnerian way, but that could also be all camera work. Donna was an expert on how the camera can make you look good or bad.

"Suzi can I watch the other parts to this series?"

"Sure, let me call Jessie and tell her we'll be down here a while."

Suzi picked up a phone and dialed a two digit number. "Hi Jess. What? OK what happened? Now? Alright 10 minutes." She hung up.

"Donna, I hate to run you off but the cops are on their way. They will want to talk to everyone in here and Jess thought you might like to leave now before they get here."

Donna stood up quickly. "I know I'm not doing anything wrong by being here, but I appreciate your thoughtfulness. This could be tough to deal with professionally. Can we talk about this another time?"

"Of course. Does Jessie have your number?"

"Yes, but here it is anyway." Donna pulled out a business card and scribbled her home number on it. "Give me a call later and you can tell me what happened. Is everyone OK?"

"Oh yea, it's not serious but Nadine saw what might be a stalker in the parking lot. I'll let you out the back and you can get going before the cops get here."

Donna leaned in close and kissed Suzi's cheek. She felt her face warm up and when Suzi's hands touched her own face, she blushed.

"You better leave now before I refuse to let you go!"

Donna paused for one more second and said "Call tonight anyway, about 8PM. Just call for me, please."

Suzi was speechless as she led her to the back door. She watched her go around the corner to the parking lot she was surprised as things seemed to take on a life of their own. Tonight she was going to get herself a glass of wine, just one, and at 8PM on the button she would be on the phone with a woman who has haunted her fantasies for months now.

Suzi went back in and started sorting some stock, waiting for the police, an explanation of what the hell was happening, and quitting time! The clock seemed to be moving at half speed.

She moved through the curtains from the upper stockroom into the main floor and saw two cops talking with Nadine. One was a young man, a raw look to him. The other one was one of her favorite people on many levels.

Ann Lee was a regular customer and guest here at the shop and knew most of the inner-workings. She was a close friend to Jessie and knew all the intimate details of Jessie as well. Donna was a good customer, but she wasn't that involved. Like Suzi, Ann was Asian, short, but there the resemblance ended. Where Suzi would always be seen as perky and cute, Ann was beautiful but in a very different way. Ann's body was harder, she moved with the assurance of someone dedicated to working out and her face had many more angles to it; sharp planes that made her attractive in a severe sort of way. One look could freeze a person in their tracks. Everyone also assumed she was into martial arts, but she wasn't. She was strong enough to handle most criminals the way most cops do it, overwhelming physical force. The one time Suzi saw her in action was enough. Ann literally stopped a guy in his tracks with a punch in the middle of his chest, not a martial arts move, but a solid pure power punch that started from her toes. She broke three of his ribs, cracked his sternum, and the paramedics had to re-start his heart twice. She was also a sharpshooter with her 9mm pistol and frequently out shot rifles at surprising distances. She was beautiful, dangerous, and thankfully a good friend of Jessie's because she would make a dangerous enemy.
