 Lila was totally bored. Home on Spring Break had to be the worst humiliation, but she'd needed the trip money for car repairs and an insurance hike after the Christmas accident. Finally getting out of bed at noon, she slipped on a short silk robe and headed down to the kitchen, hoping for good leftovers in the fridge.

The doorbell had her smiling. Company! Human contact! Lila peeked through the window, saw two young men, in their starched white shirts, with bikes and religious pamphlets in tow. Oh, yes, she couldn't hid the grin. A threesome! 

Lila tugged open the belt on her robe and let it hang open, then she opened the door, grinning, her naked body tightening with anticipation. "Come on in, boys." She swept her arm back in greeting and the robe gaped and slid, exposing everything.

They looked at each other first, as if to see what the other would do, then took a step forward at the same time. Lila laughed and stepped back to let them in.

"So, boys," she drawled, sauntering down the hall as they followed. Lila turned into the den - dimly lit, dark wood paneling, leather furniture - and stopped. "Did your church send you to do what we're going to do here this afternoon?" She turned to face them, the robe sliding to the floor. She gave them a wicked grin and a wink as she ran her hands over her breasts, seeing their eyes darken as their gaze followed. She stepped forward to slide her hands over both their crotches, feeling the hardness, judging their manhood.

"Not likely," the taller, blond guy smirked, tilting his hip a bit to rub himself against her palm. He was a big boy and she smiled at him.

"Depends," the other muttered, his hair black, his eyes black, his hands reaching for Lila. She glanced at him in question and he grinned, cupping her breast and giving a light squeeze.

"On what?" She purred, turning to him, both his hands now on her bare breasts, stroking.

"On whether you see God and convert as you cum all over my cock," he grinned, sliding a hand around Lila's hip and yanking her against his body, "After all, God works in unique ways."

"Am I going to cum all over your cock?" she purred, rubbing herself against his hard body as his hands stroked her ass and slid between her thighs.

His fingers groped her pussy, teasing a moan from her. "Or Fred's, probably both," he chuckled.

Lila glanced back and saw the blond Fred was already naked. "Really," she arched a brow as if in doubt, pulling away. He let her go with a wicked wink.

"Riding bikes cross country gives a guy great...stamina," he explained, pulling his shirt over his head in one smooth motion, exposing a tight, muscular chest. He had a light covering of hair that arrowed down to the thick bulge in his pants

"Not to mention an iron dick," Fred laughed, moving up behind her to rub his impressive erection against her backside as he stroked her breasts with his big callused hands. The dark haired man stripped away his slacks to reveal an equally impressive penis - both were long, thick, and ripe red, making Lila's mouth water. He knelt before her and ran his hands over her thighs lovingly.

"Good afternoon, ma'am," he murmured, leaning in to brush his lips over her belly, his breath warm, "My name's Jayden and this is Fred." He lifted her leg to his shoulder, opening her, groaning as he smelled her musky readiness. "We're here today to show you heaven," Jayden said before leaning forward and covering Lila's clit with his lips.

Lila moaned as he suckled, his fingers playing with tricks with her pussy and asshole. Her hands clutched at Fred's arms as he stroked her nipples, licked and nibbled her neck, and stroked the crack of her ass with his thick cock. Jayden sucked and nipped and tugged at Lila's folds, making her squirm and whimper. Fred took more of her weight as Jayden lifted her other leg, his head buried between Lila's thighs, his mouth locking onto her pussy. She writhed, sobbing, as he feasted, as Fred murmured in her ear all the things they would do for her. She came, fast and wet, within minutes.

Body vibrating, Lila made it to the couch, reaching blindly for their cocks. She snagged Fred's, drawing him close enough to taste. She slid her mouth down over his fat head, feeling his hips jerk under her hands as she took a deep draw. Salty precum teased her tongue as she took more cock in, his moans making his body vibrate in and around her. Jayden was behind her, shifting her hips, his mouth again busy. She was on hands and knees, Fred on one arm rest, his cock in her mouth, her knees spread, ass tilted up, Jayden's face pressed to her crack as he tongued her hole, lapping and slurping noisily.

Lila shuddered, enjoying the attention of one and the taste of the other. She cupped Fred's balls and gave them a light squeeze, feeling his body jerk, hearing his breath catch. Enjoying the reaction, she popped his head free and lifted the long shaft to expose his tight sacs. She could see his hands fisted at his side, but as she leaned to suck one into her mouth, his hand grabbed her hair. Lila rolled the swollen sac with her tongue, her eyes watering as he unconsciously pulled her hair, clutching and groaning. When she popped him free, he gasped. The second sac had him swearing under his breath, and when she popped it free, Jayden spoke.

"Come and give her a fuck, Fred," he drawled, "She's nice a slick now and I need a bit of a tease." So they changed places.

Up close, Jayden was bigger than Fred by a bit. He was also tastier, his cock sweaty and slick as Lila sucked him into her mouth. Fred's head slid up and down her swollen slit until she squirmed and bucked. Then Lila made a strangled sound as he pushed inside. Jayden's cock throbbed in her mouth, sliding in and out in the same rhythm as Fred's dick fucked her pussy. Fred was sweet, a little long, not too thick, an easy glide. Then he pushed two fingers up into her ass and Lila shuddered wickedly. 

Jayden laughed. "Looks like this piece likes it nasty, Fred," he chuckled, sliding a hand into her hair to guide her rhythm. Fred agreed, wiggling his fingers as he fucked Lila eagerly. She sucked Jayden's cock eagerly as Fred banged her cervix, his thrusts solid and deep, her eyes closing as pleasure spread through her body in waves.

Fred grunted, shifting his hands to her hips as he began to really get into it. Lila gasped and choked as Jayden's cock slid into her throat as she rocked forward under Fred's pounding. Jayden chuckled again, pulling away, tilting her head up to look into her eyes. "I've got to tell you, ma'am," he murmured, "that you are special. You were created to serve and you do it so well..."

It was surreal, his naked body perched on the couch before her, thick cock red and bobbing, his friend behind her, hammering her pussy as hard as he could, her naked body humming with pleasure as Jayden started to lecture her about his religion. Fred had swollen thick enough to stretch Lila wide, the friction between his bare penis and her pussy making her hotter and wetter with every stroke. He grunted with each forward drive, his groin slapping Lila's ass until it was red and hot. 

Jayden kept his lecture going, but his eyes were on Fred's cock. Lila couldn't hear a word over the rushing in her ears as she came hard, her juices exploding around Fred's rutting organ. He groaned, humping himself against her ass as her inner muscles worked his thick length. Then he pulsed and shot his load up into her core with a low moan. Lila moaned too, shuddering at the rush of heat inside her cunt. 

As Fred pulled free, dripping with creamy cum, Jayden flipped Lila onto her back on the couch. Even as he mounted her hips, his big body heavy on her quivering one, he kept talking about his God. Lila moaned breathlessly, arching as his massive erection burrowed into her sensitive pussy. He was so much larger than Fred that she cried out as he gripped her hips with harsh fingers and drove his rod fully into her wet heat. 

"Heaven, baby," he groaned hoarsely as he held still a moment, feeling the aftershocks of her orgasm from Fred's fucking caress his shaft. Then he began to move, drawing his entire length out and thrusting deep, using his large size to stroke her intimately. Lila writhed, sobbing, as he filled her, overwhelmed her with his cock. 

"More, more," she begged, clutching at his arms. She felt raw, every stroke of his cock making her pussy burn and sting, but the pain only added to the heat building inside her. 

"She wants more, Fred," Jayden grunted, looking up at his partner. Fred stood nearby, stroking his cock in time with Jayden's thrusts, almost fully erect again. "Let's take her through the fires of penance, so she's redeemed."

Fred chuckled, "Burn, baby, burn."

Jayden drove deep, making Lila arch with a gasp. His arms wrapped her body as he suddenly shifted, scooping her up as he slid down onto the cushions. Lila came down, impaled on his cock, her body arching again as she screamed, her weight driving him hard against her core. Fred caught her shoulders, nuzzling her neck and nibbling on her earlobe. He climbed carefully onto the couch, perching over Jayden's legs as he rubbed his cock against the crack of her ass.

Jayden pulled Lila down against his chest, holding her firmly as she sobbed and squirmed, his cock pulsing large and hot inside her cunt. Fred palmed her ass cheeks, pressing them apart, working his cock head against her. "Fred," she panted, "Please, Fred."

"Hear that, Fred," Jayden chuckled, "She wants you, Fred. I think you've made a convert."

Fred groaned as he pressed his tip hard against her tight asshole. Lila struggled more, sobbing. Fred grasped her upper arms, holding her, so Jayden could grab her thighs and spread her legs wider. She cried out, arching against their hands. "Relax, baby," Fred groaned, "Relax and let it happen."

"Fuck her ass, Fred," Jayden grunted, "Give it to her good." Her muscles gave and Fred's cock surged into her tight passage, making Lila scream. Jayden and Fred groaned. "Damn, man, I can feel your cock against mine," Jayden managed.

"Feel it fuck her," Fred ground out, thrusting against her, forcing more of his cock up her ass. Lila sobbed, shaking.

"Feel this," Jayden growled, bucking up, his cock pumping inside Lila's pussy. Fred groaned. Jayden shifted his grip on her thighs, lifting her a little so he could thrust up and down. Fucking her, feeling the pressure and heat of Fred's cock inside her, shifting against him with each stroke, Jayden couldn't hold back any longer. 

"Welcome to heaven, babe," he grunted, "Take my seed in your whore's cunt and be saved." He thrust up as hard as he could and erupted, his cum pouring into Lila's core. She sobbed, clinging to him as her body convulsed in pleasure. 

"Damn, too hot," Fred groaned, letting loose himself, his semen shooting up her ass. Lila cried out, going over the edge with the rush of heat in every part of her body. She bucked and writhed as her inner muscles worked painfully around the two cocks, milking even more heat from their spurting heads. The threesome collapsed, sliding off the side of the couch and onto the floor as their bodies quivered and gave out.

Fred moved first, sliding his spent cock from her ass, shifting off her limp body. He crawled off to one side and collapsed onto his back, moaning. "I need more stamina," he groaned.

"I need more converts like this one," Jayden growled, stroking a hand down Lila's damp back. "I think I could save the world, if every pussy was this hot."

Lila just lay against his chest, gathering her strength, her breath. Her body was still clenching rhythmically from the explosive orgasm and she wanted to savor the sensation. Who needed Spring Break in Florida when the hotties came right to your door? "You know what, boys," she drawled, finally lifting her head to grin at Jayden, "I think there's still sin inside me. What do you say we go up to my shower stall and you try and get me clean?"