 Paul and Barbara Blake were in their late thirties, and had been married for just over eight years. Although the Blakes were usually very active and constantly on the go, today they planned on spending a quiet Saturday at home. Rising late, the young couple showered, and since the morning was almost over, they skipped breakfast. The only task they had given themselves today was to wash and wax the car. Barb put on a T-shirt and terry cloth shorts, while Paul wore only shorts. Neither one wore anything on their feet, or any underwear. Although normally very playful, Barb and Paul agreed not to soak each other today, since they did not want to have to change clothes before they relaxed with their old movies. 

When they finished washing the car Paul and Barb went back into the house and fixed a light meal. After lunch the pair cuddled on the couch to watch old movies on television. While the couple watched the flickering images on the screen, Paul's hand idly caressed Barb's warm soft breast. Barb sighed with contentment enjoying her husband's gentle touch. 

Half way through their favorite John Wayne movie the couple was interrupted by a gentle tapping at the front door. With a deep sigh Paul got up to answer the door, "I wonder who that can be?" he said with a frown.

"I don't know honey," Barb responded, "but I suppose we should find out."

A deeply annoyed Paul opened the door to find their neighbor's eighteen-year-old daughter. She was dressed in a Blue skirt and white blouse, and carrying an order pad. 

"Hi Mr. B.," Mary Ann greeted him cheerily, "would you like to order some School Cookies?"

"Hello Mary Ann," he returned easily. The young girl's bright, pretty face, and sweet, innocent, bubbly personality had instantly dissipated his annoyance. 

"Who is it Darling?" Barb called from the living room.

"It's Mary Ann, Sweetheart," Paul replied, "she's selling cookies."

"Ooo, I love Cookies," Barb gushed, "have her come in please." 

Not only did Barb love Cookies, but she was very fond of the pretty teen who was selling them. Mary Ann been a frequent, and very welcome visitor to the Blake home since the young couple had moved in almost five years ago. In fact, Mary Ann often referred to the Blakes as her second set of parents. 

"Hi honey," Barb smiled at her young visitor, "is it that time already? I just love Cookies."

Before Mary Ann could answer Barb's question, the ringing of the telephone interrupted them. 

"Hello," Barb said into the instrument, "oh hi Dorothy," it was Mary Ann's mother on the line, "yes she's here. Would you like to talk to her? No? Okay, what can I do for you? Of course she can spend the night. Should we bring her over to get some things? No? Oh yes I have several things that she could wear. No problem, just give us a call tomorrow when you get back."

Barb hung up the phone and smiled at her young guest, "As I'm sure you heard, that was your mom. Your folks were called away on an emergency. She said not to worry, that they had to leave right away, and that they would call you later with all of the details. Anyway, they wanted to know if it was all right for you to spend the night with us. Of course, I said okay. Dorothy also said that you have a key, and if there is anything that you need you should go get it."

"Cool," Mary Ann replied, "I haven't slept over in forever." Mary Ann was genuinely looking forward to he sleep over. Every time she did so, she was able to listen to the Blakes making love. In fact, the last several times she eavesdropped on her friends' sex life, Mary Ann imagined that it was her pussy that Paul was licking or fucking, her mouth that was being filled with his cock. Every time she slept over since turning twelve Mary Ann had gotten so hot, so turned on while listening to Barb and Paul having sex that she had begun to masturbate. Her tiny hands caressing her half orange sized breast, and erect little nipples. Delicate fingers finding and stroking her swollen clit, and slipping into her virgin love hole. No doubt about it, Mary Ann was looking forward to an exciting night of masturbation.

For their part, the Blakes were also looking forward to tonight. The horny pair had an intense interest in two-girl threesome sex. On top of that, Paul had never fucked a virgin mouth or pussy, nor had Barb ever had lez sex with a first timer, and both had an almost overwhelming desire to teach a virgin all about sex. 

The randy duo had been talking about seducing her. Even through Mary Ann did not know it, the last few times that she had masturbated to the pair's fucking, they had been fantasizing about fucking her. 

Barb and Paul had talked many times about the best way to get into Mary Ann's virgin panties, and they had come up with several scenarios that might work. School girl cookie order day was the one that they liked the best, and Mary Ann's spending the night made it even more perfect.

"Now," began Barb, "let's get down to some serious cookie ordering."

"Hold on," Paul interrupted. Pulling his wife aside he went on in a stage whisper, "the last time you ordered cookies you went nuts. Let's not get so crazy this time."

"Oh come on baby," Barb pretended to plead, "if you let me get my cookies I will do anything you want."

"Just what kind of anything did you have in mind?" Paul returned with a smile. 

"I'll suck that big beautiful cock of yours," Barb stage whispered hotly, "I'll suck it until you fill my mouth with your hot creamy cum."

"Oh my God," Mary Ann blurted out, before Paul had a chance to reply, "do you really do that?"

"Do what?" Barb asked innocently.

"You know," replied the teen, "suck his, uhm, his..."

"You mean," interjected Barb, "suck his cock."

Blushing a bright crimson; the young girl simply nodded her head.

"If you want to know," the older woman smiled at her, "you have to ask me."

Still blushing, and feeling that familiar tingling between her thighs, the pretty eighteen-year-old swallowed hard and said, "Do you really suck his cock?"

"Of course," Barb said with a grin, "I love the way Paul's cock tastes and feels in my mouth."

"You said that you'd let him shoot his stuff in your mouth," Mary Ann went on.

"Honey," Barb returned, "I love the taste of Paul's cum, he always cums in my mouth when I suck him off. Sometimes, when we fuck, he pulls his dick out of my pussy and shoots in my mouth."

Incredibly turned on by the sex talk, Mary Ann blurted out the truth, "I know. The last time I slept over I heard you yelling, 'fuck me baby, fuck me.' Then you shouted, 'cum in my mouth Paul. I want to eat your jizz.' I got so turned on that I had to play with myself."

"Was that the first time you listened?" Paul asked the teen.

"No," Mary Ann replied honestly, "I've listened a lot. I can't help it. When I hear you two doing it, it makes me so hot. I want to know what its like so bad."

Barb smiled at her young friend, "Have you ever wondered what it would be like to see what you've been hearing?"

"Oh yes," the pretty teen replied excitedly, "I've fantasized about watching you guys make love for a long, long time." All the talk about sex was having a profound effect on all three people. Although no one could see, Mary Ann's young nipples were sensitive and erect, rubbing hotly against the material of her bra. Her tight virgin pussy was so wet that her thong was getting damp. 

Barb's excitement was far more visible. Her fingertip-sized nipples were clearly visible through the thin fabric of her T-shirt, and the dark spot of moisture at the crotch of her shorts was growing rapidly due to her dripping wet snatch.

Mary Ann had never seen a real hard-on close up before, but Paul's fully erect cock was so obvious that it was threatening to break out of his shorts.

Visibly rubbing the huge bulge in her husband's shorts, Barb grinned lasciviously at the horny teen, "We need to fuck, honey. You have three choices. Wait here until we're done, go to your room and listen like you do at night, or if you really want to see what it's like, we will fuck right here and you can watch."

"Yes," Mary Ann almost shouted in her excitement, "stay here I really, really want to watch."

"Okay," Paul interjected as his hands caressed Barb's high firm tits; "we will stay here and fuck." 

Paul stopped feeling his wife up long enough the pull her T-shirt up over her head, exposing her A-cup beauties to Mary Ann's startled eyes. "We have one condition if you want to see us fucking."

Mary Ann was willing to do almost anything to be allowed to see the randy couple fuck. Swallowing hard, the horny teen begged, "What do I have to do?"

Just as Mary Ann was speaking, Paul pulled Barb's shorts off. Revealing to the aroused teen's leering eyes, Barb's glistening, almost hairless cunt. Barb shaved her pussy bare, except for a tiny patch just above her clit. 

Now naked, Barb returned the horny young girl's stare with her own sex hungry look. "All you have to do to watch us suck and fuck is to take all of your clothes off. If we are going to strip and give you a show, we want to see you pretty little tits and pussy." As she finished talking, Barb turned to Paul and removed his shorts exposing his huge cock to the wanton teen.

"Oh my God," Mary Ann gasped, staring at Paul's throbbing erection, "it's huge. Can that thing really fit inside of you Barb?

Barb took Paul's massive manhood into both of her dainty hands, and began to jack him off as she answered, "Yes baby, not only does he fit, but he fills me with incredible pleasure. All right sweet cheeks, it's time to fulfill your part of the bargain. Sit down and take off you shoes and socks."

Almost as if in a trance, sweet, innocent, virgin Mary Ann sat on the end of the sofa and removed her shoes and socks. While she was taking off her foot coverings, Paul and Barb took places at the other end of the couch and started to kiss passionately. 

Mary Ann watch in fascination as the rutting pair brought their mouths close together, thrust their tongues out and began a sensual dual with their oral lances. A moment later Paul and Barb closed their mouths over their dancing tongues. Although Mary Ann had never experienced or seen French kissing, she knew that is what the lovers were doing. Little Mary Ann was so turned on by the sight that her already wet snatch began to literally leak pussy juice.

Breaking the kiss, Barb turned to her young friend, "All right angel face, stand up and take off that skirt and blouse." 

She gazed longingly at the pair on the sofa, and they had turned to face her. Barb's hand again stroked her husband's big cock. Paul had one hand on Barb's left tit and the other between her widely spread thighs. Two fingers visibly sliding in and out of her dripping honey hole. With no hesitation and only the smallest amount of shyness, Mary Ann rose and slowly unzipped her skirt and unbuttoned her blouse, and pushed them off of her slender shoulders. Standing in front of her friends wearing only her bra and thong made her feel wonderfully warm and incredibly sexy.

"Doesn't she look sexy wearing only her underwear?" Paul asked his wife. 

"Yes she does baby," she replied.

"All right sweetheart," Paul continued, "I've can't wait to see your boobs. Take your bra off and show us your pretty little titties."

Mary Ann had never been so excited in her entire life. Here she was standing in front of the sexiest people that she knew, and the hottest men she had ever met was asking to see her little girl tits. Without the slightest hesitation and more than a little pride she removed her bra. Mary Ann's now exposed tits were high and firm, and about the size and shape of half oranges.

"Beautiful," Barb gushed.

"Look at those big puffy aureoles and long nipples," Paul said to his wife

Even though Barb had been naked for some time, it was Paul's comment that caused Mary Ann to really look at Barb's tits for the first time. Paul was right, the young girl thought, although Barb's tits were not large, only about an A-cup, her large aureoles and nipples were incredibly sexy and beautiful.

Play with them baby," Paul told the sweet teen, "I know you play with those pretty little titties, and I want to see you do it just like I'm playing with Barbie's now."

Mary Ann needed no urging. In an instant she was demonstrating how much she enjoyed being felt up. "Being felt up feels good doesn't it?" Barb smiled at the eighteen-year-old. "Feels even better when someone else does it," Barb added as Paul continued to caress her soft melons. 

As Mary Ann watched, Paul slid one hand from his wife's tit down her flat belly and between her thighs. Even as Paul's hand was sliding downward, Barb's legs were spreading wide to grant him easy access to her wet pussy. Mary Ann had a perfect view of Barb's almost hairless, glistening fuck slit. Barb shaved her pussy bare, except for a tiny tuft of hair just above her clit. For her part, Barb had reached behind her and resume jacking her husband's cock

Paul began to gently twirl his fingers around Barb's stiff clit. "Doesn't she have a beautiful pussy," Paul asked the teen as he slipped two fingers into his wife's wet honey hole. Swallowing hard, all Mary Ann could do was nod.

"Oh darling," Barb cooed, "it feels so good when you finger me. Take off you thong Mary Ann, so we can see your pussy. Do you have any hair? I shave most of mine. Is your virgin cunt as wet as mine?"

The teen had been playing with her tits during this whole exchange. Now she dropped her hands to the waistband of her purple Butterfly thong and quickly pulled them off. 

Her legs weak from excitement, Mary Ann sat on the other end of the couch from the horny pair. Once seated, the now very horny teen spread her slender legs wide, giving the Blake's a clear view of her dripping virgin slit.

"Jesus H. Christ," Paul exploded, as he stared between Mary Ann's spread thighs, "look how wet she is. Her pretty little clit is all stiff and pink..."

"And," Barb interrupted excitedly, "she has the cutest little patch of hair."

"Fuck baby," Paul resumed, "her pretty pee hole looks good enough to eat."

Chuckling softly, Barb turned to kiss her horny husband, and teased "Does my big strong man want to eat Mary Ann's, virgin pussy?"

"God yes," Paul breathed, "I'd love to slip my tongue into her cunt, and suck her virgin pussy juice. Wouldn't you?"

Before Barb had a chance to answer Mary Ann interrupted, "Do you mean it Paul? Would you really like to lick me there."

This time it was Barb who interrupted, "Ask him right honey, if you want him to answer you, you know what to call 'there'."

Mary Ann did know, but despite being in front of the Blake's completely naked, with her legs spread wide, and her finger in her snatch, she felt a little timid about using dirty words. Swallowing hard Mary Ann asked again, "Did you mean it Paul? Would you really like to eat my pussy?"

"You better believe it honey," Paul replied enthusiastically, "I'd love to suck your cunt until you filled my mouth with your girl cum. Not only that, but I'll bet Barb would love to eat you pussy too. "

"But Barb's a girl," replied a shocked Mary Ann.

"Yes I am," Barb returned with a smile, "I love a cock in my pussy, and I adore a cock in my mouth, but I also enjoy the taste of pussy, especially one as pretty as yours. Now you can watch while Paul eat my cunt."

Paul slipped onto the floor between Barb's widely spread thighs. He leaned forward; his tongue flicked out and touched the tender nubbin that was his wife's his stiff clit eliciting a moan. 

"Oh darling," Barb moaned softly, "it feel so good when you lick my clit. Please stick your tongue inside me honey. Fuck my pussy with your tongue."

As he silently complied with Barb's request, Mary Ann leaned in closer to get a better view of the cunt lapping. "Oh my God," Mary Ann sighed breathlessly, "I thought it was hot listening to you do it, watching is so much more incredible. I'm almost ready to cum."

"Fuck, oh fuck," Barb hissed, "I'm almost there baby, make me cum. Oh fuck, please make me cum." A small part of Barb's mind pulled away from the pleasure that her husband was giving her to leer at the pretty teen sitting so close to her and furiously fingering her virgin cunt. 

"Make yourself cum sweetheart," Barb almost screamed, "cum with me Mary Ann. Damn Paul, I'm there. I'm cumming baby. Tongue fuck me while I cum."

Enthralled, Mary Ann stared at the writhing woman next to her and realized that Barb was cumming. Just as Mary Ann's own orgasm broke over her, Barb suddenly reached up pulled her close and kissed her passionately. Mary Ann was too shocked to move or protest as Barb thrust her tongue into the teen's mouth. Before true thoughts of protest set in, Mary Ann realized that she was enjoying what was her first girl, and only her third real kiss. Pure reflex took over as Mary Ann's tongue joined Barb's in a sensual dance of greeting.

"Did you have a nice cum baby," Barb panted, still out of breath from her own massive orgasm.

'Oh God yes," the teen replied, barely able to speek, "but, but you kissed me," added the still shocked girl.

"Yes honey I did," Barb returned unabashedly, "you really seemed to like it. I know I did."

"I did," a concerned Mary Ann admitted, "it was the best kiss I ever had. Does that make me a lesbian?"

"I don't think so," Barb replied brightly, "I love kissing girls and eating pussy, but I'm not a lesbian. Why don't you let Paul give you the same kind of kiss I did and see how you like it."

Meanwhile Paul, who had been watching this exchange from the floor between his wife's legs, got up and on the other side of the teen. Putting his arm around Mary Ann he said, "You know, Barb is right. If you enjoy my kiss then you are not a lez."

Paul leaned in preparing to kiss the girl. Mary Ann was unable to speek. She simply tilted her face towards Paul to accept the inevitable. As soon as Paul's lips touched hers, Mary Ann parted her lips to grant him instant access to her eager mouth. She sighed into his mouth as his tongue darted around her own. Her sigh turned into a moan of pleasure as Paul's hand began caressing her right breast. For the first time in her young life a hand other than her own touched the sensitive naked flesh of her teenage tit. 

Mary Ann broke the kiss, and looked down at Paul's hand still feeling her up. Smiling at Barb she said, "I loved his kiss. I guess I'm not a lezzy after all."

Barb moved next to the young girl and began to stroke her other tit. By this time Mary Ann was beyond shock, and simply enjoyed the added pleasure. "Well honey," Barb asked, "did you like watching Paul eat my cunt?"

"Yes," she breathed, "I've never been so turned on in my whole life."

Almost as soon as Barb begun to fell up the pretty teen, Paul stopped, and leaned down to suck the tit he had been caressing. Meanwhile, his hand slid down over Mary Ann's flat belly. Unable to deny herself the incredible sensation sweeping over her young body, Mary Ann opened her legs instinctively as his hand neared her honey hole. Just as his fingers found her stiff love button Barb asked, "Would you like to find out what it feels like to have your pussy eaten?"

Paul was now twirling the eighteen-year-old's clit causing her to breathe heavily, "Yes," was all she could manage.

For a few seconds, Barb watched her husband's finger as he began to slide it gently into the teen's dripping love tunnel. Mary Ann started to moan in evident pleasure.

"There is only one thing you have to do to have Paul eat you pussy," Barb informed the teen.

"What," Mary Ann croaked out, barely able to speak, "I'll do anything you want. Just let him eat my pussy please."

"All you have to do is kiss me again, feel me up, and what ever else I ask," Barb informed her.
