 Recently my girlfriend Denise and I were out for a drive, and we were talking about our sexual fantasies. I told her about my fantasy to get a blowjob while driving on the interstate, right in front of all of the other drivers.

This talk lowered my normally reserved girlfriend's inhibitions and she reached over and started rubbing my cock through my pants. It didn't take long before I was fully erect and she was unzipping my fly. She reached her hand inside and began to rub my balls and gently stroke my manhood. She pulled it out of my pants and wiped off some of the precome with her finger and stuck it in her mouth while staring viciously at me. 

The next surprise is when she undid her seatbelt and removed her blouse exposing her satiny bra that allowed her deep purple nipples to show as if she wore nothing at all. She slid off her dress pants and through them in the back seat. She then opened her legs wide and slid her panties to the side and asked, "Do you like what you see?" I told her I did and reached over while trying to watch the road, and I fingered her already moist pussy. I rubbed her clit, and labia around her furry crotch. I slipped three fingers into her hole, and then I slipped a finger into her asshole.

She let out this moan, and then pushed my hand away, and leaned over and started giving me the hummer of my life. She sucked, as if she needed no air at all, but would die if she didn't get my come. 

She was on her knees and had her ass up in the air pointed out the passenger side window as she sucked and licked my throbbing mammoth. We were on the interstate and in the slow lane on cruise, so I wasn't too worried about getting caught. 

I was almost ready to come in her mouth when I noticed the state patrol car behind me with it's lights on. "Shit, shit, shit! Get your clothes on fast! The fucking cops! Shit!" I said as I pushed Denise's head off of my dick which was almost ready to feed her.

She reached back and grabbed her pants and blouse and quickly got it on and buckled her seatbelt as if nothing had happened. I watched my rearview window as the officer walked up towards my car in his ridiculous looking hat. 

When he got to my rolled down window, I saw that it was a female cop. She had sunglasses on and did not look to happy. "So you think it's funny to moon an officer?" She questioned.

This was quite embarrassing, and I couldn't think of a good lie and so I just said, "Officer she wasn't meaning to moon anyone."

"So what was she doing with her bare bottom against her window?" she asked.

I looked at Denise pleadingly; she came to my rescue, "Changing my clothes before we get to our friends house for dinner. I was looking in the back seat for my dress pants, and we must have passed you right as I was sitting back down. I'm really sorry."
 I was shocked at how believable she told this story. It would have worked too, if there were just some extra clothes in the car. The cop asked, "So what were you changing from?"

Denise's quick responses were done with. She said nothing. "I think I understand what was going on here. Ma'am, I need you to come back to my car so I can write you a ticket."

Denise began to cry and the officer came to the passenger side of the car and led her back to her car and put her in the back seat. Then I saw the officer walking back to my car. She walked up to my window and said, "You're going to have to come with too." I rolled up the windows and locked the doors and followed the officer back to the squad car, and was put into the back seat. 

The officer started the car, and pulled out onto the interstate. "Where are we going?" I asked this woman with a serious power complex. 

"Up to the weigh station. My computer isn't working right. Don't worry this is just routine."

In the back seat I looked at Denise who was crying and I shot her a smirk and she looked down stifling a little giggle.

When we got to the weigh station we saw that it was closed and dark inside. The officer got out of the car and unlocked the doors and turned the lights on. She came back to the car and got both of us, and walked us to the weigh station.

When inside she sat down behind a desk and asked us for all of our personal information. Eyes – green, hair – brown, and etc. After she had both Denise and my name and information, she asked us, "Don't you know it's dangerous doing what you were doing on the highway? You could have lost control and ran off of the road or worse you could have hit a car full of other people and killed everybody." She just stared at us waiting for an answer, but I had nothing to say. I just wanted my ticket so we could get back to the car and go home.

"Sorry," whimpered Denise looking ready to cry again. My little whore had turned back to the little prim and proper schoolteacher she had been before we left. 

The officer looked at Denise and then began to laugh obnoxiously, "Ok, don't cry hun. I just have to get some prints and you can be on your way. I'll do you first," she said to Denise and got up and walked behind Denise to a door with a big glass window in it. She walked Denise in and then closed the door.

When inside the room, she got the fingerprint tray ready and lay it on the table and then got out a card with rectangles on it. She turned Denise's hips towards the table and reached around her and grabbed her wrist. She allowed her body to press against Denise's as she rubbed her finger across the ink and then rolled it on the card. "What did it taste like?" The officer whispered into Denise's ear.

Denise not quite understanding, "What did what taste like?" she asked.

"His dick? Did you get him to come?" She asked.

Denise felt relieved, "No, he was just about to when you pulled behind us."

"How long have you been together?" the cop asked.

"About a year," she answered.

The officer finished with the first hand and reached around the front of Denise's body to get her other arm. Along the way she brushed her hand across Denise's breast and felt a hardened nipple. It was cold in the weigh station. "This is a nice blouse," she said as she grabbed Denise's other wrist.

"Thank you," Denise said feeling a little strange.

Then the officer kissed Denise on the nape of her neck. Denise just stood there unsure of what to do. She didn't want to get into trouble. "I can smell you," she said as she continued to suck on Denise's neck. The cop reached her other hand around and slipped it between the buttons of Denise's blouse and touched her bare stomach. Denise stood still trying to fight off the excitement welling up below.

"What are you doing?" Denise said in a half voice to this horny officer.

The girl cop didn't answer, she just moved to the other side of Denise's neck and sucked on that side for a while. She unbuttoned from the bottom up and put her hand right on Denise's silk bra. She caught a nipple between two fingers and gently squeezed. She pulled the shirt off and let it fall to the floor. 

Denise's pussy was getting wet and wetter by the second. She felt so dirty. She wanted to run, but her excitement wouldn't let her. She just stood there as she felt the woman officer kissing her down her back and then unbuttoning and unzipping her pants. Her pants easily fell to the floor and then the officer pulled her panties down with her teeth sliding her nose through her asscrack. 

The woman kissed her up her body and twice on her inner thighs next to Denise's moist pussy. She worked her way up the stomach and reached around and unstrapped Denise's bra easily letting it fall to the floor. Denise's nipples stood begging for attention, and the officer licked the areola and ran her hands all over the rest of Denise's body. She bit each nipple and then went all the way up and kissed Denise on the mouth. Denise didn't respond at first. She stood not wanting to kiss another woman, but when the officer reached down and touched her wanting pussy, she opened her mouth to moan and the cop stuck her tongue into Denise's parted lips. In passion Denise kissed back hard and grabbed the officer around the back and hugged her tight. 

Denise felt so dirty and so hot touching another woman. It was wrong, but it was too late to stop now. She unbuttoned the officer's shirt and went straight to removing her belt and pants. Now the officer stood as Denise undressed her.

The cop was half naked in her black lace panties matching black bra. Her body was not petite, but not fat either. She had large hips, and large breasts to match, but her waste was slim. She ran her fingers through Denise's hair as Denise took the officer's shoes and socks off.

Denise slid off the cops panties and removed her bra as easily. She stood a moment to look at the other woman's breasts. They were three times the size of Denise's. Denise had smaller tits that came to a point at the nipple. The nipples on this officer's tits were enormous and Denise wanted to try sucking one. 

She grabbed the officer's breast only and licked it all over and sucked on the nipple making it hard. Then she bit it and twisted it with her tongue. When she was done with her first tit, she moved to the other, this time she let her hands wander across the other woman's body. She grabbed the cops big ass tight as she sucked on the nipple. The cop who had been quite reserved let out a long low groan, and huskily said, "I want to eat that wet pussy."

Denise moved back up and kissed this woman again and reached down and touched the other pussy. Then the cop took Denise by the hand and led her to another table that had some blankets stacked on it. She spread one onto the floor and laid Denise down. She parted Denise's legs and laid down beneath her. She licked her stomach and inner thighs and then went in for the meat. 

Her tongue moved around Denise's swollen labia like a tornado. She sucked on her clit and tongued her hole. Denise moaned and let her head fall back as she leaned on her elbows. She bucked on this woman's face and looked down at the smooth skin at the base of the officer's back. It turned her on so much to have another woman tonguing her pussy out, and then her asshole. The cop attacked Denise's clit and Denise exploded into the biggest orgasm of her life shooting pussy juice out like a fountain.

She screamed a scream that sounded to me like terror. I had been sitting reading an old issue of Time, but when I heard the scream I shot out of my chair and ran to the door and looked in the window in time to see my girlfriend still in a state of orgasm with the cops head in her crotch. I also saw the cops hairless crotch pointed right at me. 

I realized this was a party that I wanted to go to, so I reached down and checked if the door was locked. It wasn't. I stepped in quietly and Denise saw me and smiled as I asked her with my eyes if I could fuck the cop. Getting the go ahead I quietly pulled out my raging hard on and sneaked up to the officer who still had her tongue in my girlfriend's asshole. I first put my hand on her inner thigh and then I worked my up to her wide open crotch. I rubbed my dick on her pussy and then she reached back and grabbed my dick and stroked it a couple of times before she popped it into her hole. She kept her hand under and rubbed my balls. I began to pump her pussy slowly, but she grabbed my balls tighter and guided me to go faster and harder.

She breathed hard and lifted her face and said, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, for letting me fuck your boyfriends big dick. Oh it's so big. It's so good. Thank you."

The dirty talk really turned me on. I could tell it turned Denise on too. She got up and moved us so that I was laying on the floor with the officer sitting on top of my pole. Then she got on all fours and put her face down to lick this cop's clit.

Her dripping pussy was right over me, but I couldn't reach it so I just enjoyed the view. The cop weighed a lot more than Denise and she was fucking me hard. It was awesome having another pussy without feeling guilty. 

I was almost ready to come up this stranger's hole when Denise said, "My turn."

The cop politely got off and Denise sat down. Denise was a lot tighter than the cop and I almost came right then, but Denise stayed perfectly still until my boys went back. The cop squatted over my face and I obediently licked it. Above I heard kissing. I was shocked that Denise was actually kissing another girl. It turned me on so much, but she was still holding still. Then she said to the cop, "Get ready," and she began to fuck me harder than she ever had, half moaning half screaming the whole time. Then just as I was about to come she got off and the cop's mouth was wrapped around my dick instantly, and Denise's mouth was on my balls. I came a gallon of white tadpoles into the cops mouth. She kept sucking until every last drop was out. Then they stood up above me and kissed so deeply I started to get jealous.

Denise looked down and said she wanted to eat the Becky's cunt out before we went back to the car. I said that was fine with me, and I got to sit there and watch lesbian sex like never before. It wasn't long before I was hard again and I fucked Denise from behind as she ate out this cop's pussy like an expert. This time, I came up her pussy.

When we were all dressed the officer (Becky) took us back to our car and we got out and ready to drive, when we saw Becky walking back up to the car. I rolled down my window and she handed me a ticket and told us to have a nice day.