 "Good luck on the sting Craig, we've all got things we need to do here," said Officer Mike Rutledge.

"Thanks, we need to clean these streets up they're getting more decrepit each night," replied Officer Craig Stanford as he left the police station. 

He parked his car in his usual sentry position where he's been quite successful over the last few weeks busting drug runners and prostitutes. This will be his last night in this particular spot as most of the criminal elements are moving elsewhere now that the word has gotten out that its being monitored. 

A woman sluttishly dressed with long dirty blond hair tapped up the pathway with her sharp red 'fuck me' heels. She poked her head into a car idled on the side of the road. The door opened and she got in. 

Craig waited a little while before he pulled out his spy glasses and watched the man in the driver seat hand over some cash to the woman as she bent over him and undid his belt. Craig reached over and unclipped his seat belt and opened the door, he walked over to the car and tapped the driver side window with his night stick. He called out "Open the door please, now. This is the police."

A squeal from inside the car issued as the woman's head jolted her 'john's' lap and peered into Craig's piercing blue eyes. "Sir I will require your ID, you will be required to pay a fine within the next thirty days or go to court and let the judge deal with it." 

The reedy man in the seat fumbled for his wallet and handed Craig his ID. After Craig noted his address in his note book, he handed it back to him and told the woman "I need you to come with me for processing at the station."

The woman opened her door and stepped out her sharp high heels tapping against the pebbled road. "Have a nice night sir," said Craig pleased with himself as he lead the woman to the patrol car. 

"What is your name miss?" asked Craig as he started the car.

"Sugar," she said.

"No, your real name," said Craig.

She sighed and said, "Amelia Crosstown."

She observed the cop in the front seat and thought of a way she could get out of this thing as watched his powerful muscles beneath his uniform ripple as he drove, he and the other cops there won't know what hit them she thought to herself and smiled.

Craig hauled 'Sugar' in through the doors of the police station where three of his friends were working behind the computers. Them being the only four left for the night shift. His best friend Officer Steven Cooper turned around and whistled at her she looked around the room and saw that the other three cops all male were just as good looking as Craig and as well built as him. She put her plan into action and quickly dropped to her knees attacking Craig's belt.

Too shocked to react he stood there as she opened his pants and pulled them and his boxers down and quickly engulfed his rapidly thickening cock. Craig moaned as she sucked his cock wrapping her lips and tongue around him.

---

Amelia aka Sugar, was having a rough night, her feet were swollen to the core, and she was tired of dodging the pimps that circled her and a few other girls as the night went on, so she was grateful when a pretty black Lexus pulled up, one that was not laced with the signs of the police. This would be her last trick turned for the night, she thought, then she could go lay it down and relax through the morning hours, maybe go to the 24 hour sandwich shop, and have a quick bite. She plastered on that sinfully wicked smile and slowly approached the car, a few words were passed and soon enough she was inside taking care of business.

"70 for a blow job and 100 for a fuck," she told the older gentlemen as she got in. He rudely shoved 70 dollars in her hand, and she rolled her eyes, as he unzipped his pants, and pulled her head down. She could see he was looking out, trying to make sure that he wasn't being watched, but soon enough she heard that familiar tap on the window, the one that only a night stick could make hitting glass. "Fuck," she whispered and immediately sat up right, fixing the shirt where her "johns" hand had slipped under.

Running her hands through her messy blonde hair she nodded to the officer, as the guy fumbled for his information. This was routine for her, she knew the drill. With quite an attitude she emerged from the car, nearly twisting her ankle on the cracked pavement. Amelia knew better than to give him a fake name but...she had to be smart with him after all she would be sitting the rest of the night in a dark cold cell. Finally giving up her real name, she sighed knowing it would only be a matter of seconds before they ran it and seen this was not her first time but more like 5th or 6th. Leaning against the cop car as much as she could, her mouth watered at the site of the officer who was writing the man's ticket. His arms were thick and muscular. Smiling deviously the wheels in her head were already spinning as she planned to work her magic.

Soon they were waltzing through the doors, and her eyes lit up as she seen the other gorgeous officers, all of whose eyes were undressing the little bit of material she did wear this evening. Pulling away from the cop the held her she dropped to her knees almost immediately when she seen the nearest officer. Grabbing his belt line, she eagerly pulled his pants down letting his cock slip from them, barely getting his boxers off. Quickly taking him into her mouth she sucked him off like a pro, smiling as he rose to the occasion.

Craig groaned as the woman gripped his now throbbing cock with her hands. 'God damn this woman knows how to suck' he thought, as she sucked the head of his cock while stroking his thick eight inch meat. Releasing his cock she fondled his balls and sucked one of them into her mouth rolling it around with her tongue. Craig's legs buckled slightly as he moaned from her pulling.

Steven got up from his chair and strode towards them while Mike and Officer Damian Brewer watched them intently from their seats.

She was laughing inside at how he seemed to melt to her advances. He was like putty in her hands, and from the corner of her eye she could see the others growing interest. The way she sucked his flesh into her mouth, it was easy for his knees to go weak, she was a professional. Looking up at him with her lusty, dirty gaze, she lowered her straps of her dress, revealing her perfect little breasts. 

"Oh fuck," groaned Craig as she let his balls drop from her mouth as she drew his aching flesh back into her mouth, her teeth lightly grazing him. Her fingers reached up and massaged the extremely sensitive bundle of nerves under his sack near his arse. Craig's head jerked back as he cried out from the sensation. 

She relished the taste of his pre-cum already seeping out steadily was a strange blend of salty and sweet at the same time.

Steven walked up to her with his bulge prominent in his tight uniform pants. Sugar turned and with one hand stroked the large imposing bulge in his pants. 

"You want some too do you big guy?" she husked as she stroked him

Steven groaned as her manicured nails rasped over his throbbing hard cock. Letting Craig's cock slip out of her mouth she grasped it with one hand and began stroking it while her other hand masterfully unbuckled Steven's belt and opened his pants. She tugged them down exposing his strained navy boxers.

Letting Craig's cock drop for a moment she tugged Steven's boxers down exposing his thick throbbing eight inch cock almost the same size as Craig. Her hand reached up behind her and stroked Craig's pulsing cock as she wrapped her lips around Steven's hard meat. She fondled his balls while stroking his cock with her tongue and lips.

The naughty look on her face was a sure sign she planned on doing as much work as she needed to convince these officers, to let her go. Groaning hungrily, she continued working her tongue around his cock and with much skill she continued to jerk the first mans hardness, just to the right of her. Making soft sensual sounds, she nearly sucked the skin off him. 

Craig moaned at the sensation, his eyes felt like they were going to roll back into his head.

Gazing up at him she wanted to see the pleasure in his eyes, so her gaze never left his. Her body wiggled and her breasts jolted back and forth as she went to work on him, but quickly switched up again, back to her first officer. She could only hope that the rest would join in on the dirty fun she was having.

Craig groaned deeply as she drew his cock all the way in and massaged him with her throat. She stared into his eyes as the tremors of pleasure ran through his body. While she stroked Steven her other hand reached up and teased the base of his arse, rubbing over the sensitive tissue. 

That was it for him when she scraped her nail from that point up over his balls, his whole body tensed as he exploded in her mouth. She drew her lips tightly over him as he flooded her mouth with his hot saltiness.

She released him as he stumbled back against the glass door and quickly shoved Steven down her mouth. All the visual imagery was too much for him to handle and he soon exploded too as she scraped her nails under his balls. After she cleaned his cock and he had stumbled back into his chair she saw the other two cops standing there stroking themselves against their strained pants.

Licking the last man clean, she pushed her messy curls of blonde hair behind her ears, all too eager to please the next. Much like the good little whore she was she loved the taste of cum, and couldn't get enough of it. Running her lips over her luscious lips she grinned and motioned her finger for those waiting, lusty officers to stop looking and join in. Sugar knew that look, so adjusting on her knees she moaned seductively at them.

"Hmm are you boys gonna come over and get some or just stand there," she asked and couldn't help but giggle at the affect she had on the other one, watching him back up against the door completely spent. Slipping her strap down from her shoulder she revealed her tender breasts and reached down rubbing them roughly, enticing them in.

"Of course," drawled Mike sexily as he walked over to her and unzipped his pants. Sugar reached into his pants and drew out his thick meat and raked her teeth down his hardness making him groan from the unexpected shock.

Damian walked up to her as she devoured Mike in her mouth, she reached up and grabbed his belt pulling him closer to her. Her hand unzipped his pants and grasped his thickness through his boxers stroking him.

Sugar tilted her head back as she let the officer slide down her pretty, used throat, gagging softly as his thickness pumped in and out of her mouth with ease. And what a messy little girl she was too, as she spit on his cock when letting him drop from her lips. She opened the other's boxers and pulled his cock out, jerking both of them she looked up from one to the other and quite ravenously dipped her head to the other side, eager for him to begin fucking her pretty young face. 

Wiggling her hips she moaned and adjusted on her knees slightly, not sure which cock she wanted to suck more. Looking at them both lustfully, she took quick turns in succession of going from one to the other, deep throating him and then hard, rough strokes.

Damian groaned as her teeth gently raked over his cock, as she thrust her mouth around him. His legs quivered as her throat grasped at him tightly. She pulled back for a moment to pull down his pants and boxers. She quickly thrust her mouth back over his throbbing hardness, making him groan deeply. 

Mike growled in his throat as his hands came around her and cupped her breasts while she sucked Damian deeply caressing his cock with her throat.

Damian leaned back as he cupped his hands on the back of her head as she drew her tongue up and down his thick cock. He groaned as she sucked him sending rushes of pleasure up his spine. "God damn.. she can suck Craig," he moaned.

This cop tasted so good she thought as she raked her teeth up his cock making him growl as his body tensed and quivered against her. She pulled back from him and aggressively sucked the other cop's cock into her mouth. She reached back and drew her nails down the other's cock to his balls and to scrape gently behind them making him hiss in pleasure.

Mike growled as she aggressively took his cock into her mouth and sucked him hard, he grabbed the back of her head and pushed her down on him making her take his full seven and half inches. He groaned as she raked her nails around his balls and drew her tongue up his straining meat.

Damian groaned and staggered slightly as his knees wobbled, this woman was so good at what she did he was lost in the sensations. Her nail scraping under his balls was sending sparks of flaming pleasure through him. She pulled away from Mike and stared at him hungrily aggressively grabbing his cock and stroking him hard as she turned back to him and sucked his full eight and a half inch cock into her mouth. It was it for him when her nails raked around the rim of his arse and her tongue swiped under the tip of his cock. He hissed as the pleasure shot through him as he released into her mouth.

These cops had impressive packages she thought but this guy had the best as she coaxed his orgasm and received his seed. He tasted like molten honey it was interesting none the least. After she had drawn the last of his offering from him she released him. 

"Your turn next big guy," she husked as she unbuckled Mike's belt and shoved his pants and boxers down then drew his cock back into her mouth.

"Fuck, damn you're good," he moaned as her hands came up and grasped his hips and spread his ass while her tongue and teeth worked together to tease him. She wanted to take a small break from all this so she decided to end it quick. Finding his arse she rubbed her fingers along the rim making him groan and shake against her hold.

Then she pulled back slightly and dug her finger deep inside him at the same time she raked her nails over the sweet spot under his balls. He shouted out and exploded inside of her mouth. He groaned while she took in his salty flavour.

A strong hand then grasped her arm and pulled her up "Ok Miss Crosstown, you had your fun it seems I'm going to take you down to the cells," She couldn't believe it the officer, Craig still wanted to take her down. 

She sighed and said "Of course officer," maybe she could seduce him and fuck him.

"Won't be a moment guys then we can get her processed, don't want to keep this special lady here overnight do we?" he asked grinning.

The one next to Craig looked at her hotly searing her. Oh boy she had certainly gotten their attention, she grinned looks like she wasn't staying the night after all.

Chapter 2

"Damn she's hot Craig, and the things she can do with her mouth," said Damian as Craig came back into the room.

"I know, what do you guys want to do about it?" asked Craig of Mike and Steven.

"Damn that woman is wild, we should take her home with us," Mike said grinning.

"And that means she'll have some food and a nice place to sleep for the night," continued Steven.

"Any objections to this Damian?" asked Craig.

"Of course not, this will be fun," he said.

Grinning Craig said, "Alright let's finish up this paperwork then we can take her,"

Amelia aka Sugar leaned back against the hard wall sitting on the hard bench and sighed she really did hope that she was getting out, she hated the cells. But she hadn't know the police around here had so many hunks on staff all the other officers that had arrested her were going grey or were fat and or ugly.

They looked like they had been in the military that strange feel of power and their haircuts were also another sign. Craig seemed to be the leader, she was a very perceptive woman she had to be, making the wrong choice in her line of business could be very bad. She however itched to know the other three hunks names, something she never did with her clients most of them were just a cock and money to her.

She couldn't remember the last time she hadn't been paid for sex, she hoped something more would develop she had only seen their well developed legs she knew that they each had killer chests that she was dying to explore. She was brought from her thoughts when the door opened and Craig stepped in.

"We've finished your paper work Miss Crosstown, it seems that you have made a habit of this. Your 6th time? We don't know what we're going to be doing about that you've broken this law many times now. But I think we can work something out," he said his heated gaze seeming to bore into her.

"I know, but a girl has got to eat, how can we work this out," she said huskily, she knew what he was hinting at, the building pressure in her thighs told her that she was actually aroused for once, guys like these never had to actually pay for sex. Barely paying attention she had undressed him with her eyes imagining what his chest would look like, feel like, his rippling abs his stone hard pecs and his thick long cock.

He winked at her and said "I think you know don't you, we are waiting for the early morning shift to come in then you're free to go." 

He walked away more slowly then he usually would giving her the sight of his hard, tight arse as he walked through the door and shut it again.

Her heart was pounding and she felt hot all over her cheeks felt like they were on fire, she didn't know what she was getting into. She was flushing like a teenage girl swooning over a crush and he was just one of them. She didn't know how she was going to handle four of them!

--

"She's ready for us, let's take her home and make her scream," said Craig as Mike walked back inside. He scooped his keys up from the desk and said "I'll be right back,"

Sugar looked up as the door creaked open Craig strode in and said "You're free to go Miss Crosstown. I'll be providing you with your transport tonight as it was obvious you didn't have any," he put the key into the lock and turned it and slid the door open.

"After you, Miss," he said. He stared at her watching her hips sway, staring at her ripe, tight arse as she walked to the door. 

"I'll introduce you to my friends," he said as he followed her down the hall to main area and led her outside to the parking lot.

"This is Steven," he said gesturing to the man with the nicest shade of brown hair that she'd ever seen with the most brilliant green eyes now that she had taken the chance to look at them.

"This is Damian," he said gesturing to the man with hair so deeply black she couldn't see it in the darkness of the car park but his deep brown eyes caught her in their gaze.

"And this is Mike," he said gesturing to the man with sandy blonde hair what caught her attention was the way his hair had curled it made him stand out more as his hair wasn't as straight and cropped as the others. His hazel eyes glinted mischievously, what she knew was that he was slightly more aggressive, she liked that in a man.

"Thanks, which one is your car?" she asked taking him in for the first time, like the others he was a giant compared to her short 5ish inch frame. She guessed that he was the tallest, his dark eyes gazed at her they were an intriguing shade of blue, she looked up at his hair which was a mixture of brown and blonde. He must have spent some time on his hair she thought.

Craig grinned and said "This one over here." 

A midnight blue car came into focus as she stepped towards it, she felt like she was being sized up for a feast. She felt their heated eyes on her, the animal intensity in the gazes she knew they were throwing at her thrilled her. This was going to be a night to remember. Craig was definitely the first one she had to uncover, like the others this feel of power just oozed out of his skin but it felt stronger from him. She knew it wasn't wise to bait the predator so she decided to cool it until he brought her to his house.
