 Lisa had just pulled up into the driveway. Work was a killer. She enjoyed it but it was another long day and she was so glad to be home. She'd be pouring over her latest book in no time. A new romance novel that looked good on the shelf. What she really needed in her life was a good fuck. With work and raising her son she had no time to look for a man to satisfy her. 

The web was out. She was so done with that. It did come in handy when she was looking for a way out of a sexless marriage. How she gained a wonderful child out of that relationship was a real mystery. The bar scene? Wasn't her style. So she would be alone again tonight. 

Being summer vacation, her son opted to sleep over his grandparents. She couldn't blame him. They had a pool and air conditioning.

Grabbing her purse, Lisa slammed the car door and immediately realized the keys were still in the ignition. The locks automatically clicked. "FUCK!" she screamed and heard a deep rumble from the next yard. Glancing up, she noticed her new neighbor propped up against a police cruiser sitting in the driveway, arms crossed over his massive chest and a huge grin on his gorgous lips. 

Lisa smiled back in embarrassment. She'd had her eye on this sexy cop ever since he moved in last week. She hadn't had the opportunity to welcome him yet. He was tall, at least 6'2 she guessed. A decent tan darkening his hot features. Blonde wavy hair made him look more like a California surfer than a cop. He pushed his sunglasses down and peered at her with warm brown eyes. 

"Do you need some assistance ma'am?" he drawled, in a thick Austrailian accent that immediately made her panties moist. She had a thing for accents. And for uniforms. And he had a fabulous supply of both.

Lisa placed her purse on the hood of her car and walked across the lawn to greet him. "I'm Lisa. Welcome to the neighborhood."

"Joey Marcone." He shook her hand firmly and she could feel the power in his touch. 

Lisa smiled. "Officer, do you think you could help me get my car keys? Please." She purposely pouted and his gaze was drawn to her lips then traveled up to her incredibly blue eyes. 

He smiled. "Well, let's see what we can do."

In under 3 minutes he had slipped the lock and opened the door. 

"Thanks so much. You are such a lifesaver." Lisa said happily, jingling the keys up at him. "Can I offer you a drink or something or are you still on duty?" 

He wanted the 'or something.' He felt his cock stiffen at the thought. Her body was so hot even through the green scrubs she wore. "I just got off a little while ago," he drawled. "Actually, it's so hot I was thinking of taking a swim. Care to join me?"

Lisa couldn't believe her luck. The sight of his hot body coming and going had been heating her up all week and now she would be able to... "Sure," she smiled.

"Great. I gotta change. Jump in whenever you're ready."

"I will. Thanks."

Immediately Lisa unlocked the front door and went up to the linen closet to grab a towel and put on her bikini. 3 small triangles actually. Suddenly she heard a loud splash. Damn he's fast. Not too fast I hope, Lisa laughed, as she ran downstairs and into his yard. The sun was setting and floodlights came on to illuminate the inground pool. She watched him as he swam powerfully. 

Joe surfaced and could only stare at her, his dick immediatly hardened despite the chill of the water. Her body was fantastic. Huge tits almost popping out of their tiny confines. His hands ached to touch them, his mouth could almost taste them. "Wow." he swallowed loudly. "Some suit."

Lisa smiled, tossing her long chestnut hair. "Do you like it?" She twirled around giving him a little show. 

"Hell yeah," he groaned. "What there is of it." 

Giggling, Lisa threw her towel on an empty chair then ran and jumped into the pool. He watched as her tits bounced up and down. 

"Oh my God." he heard her say as she surfaced. "This is heaven."

No, not yet baby, he thought to himself.

Swimming a few laps, she jumped as she noticed another policeman walk into the backyard.

"Hey Marcone. I'm here for the car. I knocked but there was no answer."

"Frank?"

"Yeah." The cop stopped when he noticed Lisa. "Sorry. Didn't know you have company."

"This is my new neighbor Lisa. Lisa this is Frank Griffith."

Swimming to the edge of the pool, Lisa realized that she knew this particular officer. Not personally but he had helped her many times when she was having problems with her ex husband stalking her. She had always been secretly attracted to him in his uniform.

He was older than Joe, about 50 she guessed. He had a crew cut of salt and pepper hair. His amazing green eyes focused on her chest. Whenever she'd chanced to see him driving by on patrol as she took her daily walk, she would get excited. The gentle air caressed her skin and automatically her nipples hardened. Both men noticed.

Officer Griffith cleared his throat. "Nice to see you again, ma'am. Been having any more problems?"

"No officer," Lisa replied smiling up at him. "All's been quiet lately." 

She heard Joe swim up behind her. Then he pushed up against her, his cock hard on her ass.

"What time's your shift Frank?"

"I'm off duty. I switched with Calahan. Just finished."

Joe reached around her filling both hands with her firm tits. He bent down to kiss her neck. Lisa moaned and looked up into the older man's eyes. She had never been with two men at once but it had always been one of her wildest fantasies. Frank bent down on his haunches and ran a finger across her lips. She licked the tip then sucked it in. Taking his large hand in hers, she moved it in and out of her wet mouth and slid her teeth along the skin. Frank groaned. 

Lisa shivered in anticipation of what was to come. She was in the company of two powerful police officers and their air of authority thrilled her.

"Come and join us, mate." Joe said, moving his nipping teeth onto her earlobe. "That's alright with you sweetheart, isn't it?" His tongue traced the inner reaches of her ear and she could only nod. 

Frank undid his utility belt and dropped it on the deck. Unclipping his pants, he slid them off and started to get into the pool when Lisa stopped him. He looked disappointed until she smiled and told him to lie down in front of her. His cock sprang up as she lowered his black boxers and both men watched her lips engulf his hard shaft with one sweet suck. 

"Oh baby, I knew your mouth would feel this good." As she sucked Frank's hot rod, she felt Joe's hands slide along her waist, untying her flimsy bikini bottoms. His hands roamed over the crack of her ass and down to her dripping snatch. She moaned around the cock in her mouth and Frank bucked his hips. Joe positioned himself and rammed his cock deep into her tight wet hole. 

"Oh Fuck," she moaned, taking her mouth off of Frank. She felt Joe's hands push her head back down, forcing her to suck his partner. Hard and fast, she pistoned on his rod, holding the base with one hand and grabbing his balls with the other. She tried to match Joe's speed as he hammered in and out of her, his cock hard and throbbing, her ass jiggling against his groin. Waves were splashing around her tits and clit. 

Using both hands, Frank pulled her head down onto his stiff cock and he lifted his hips, constantly ramming into her mouth. Lisa wanted to gag, she had never sucked anything as big as him before. Captive, she had no choice but to keep sucking as Joe pounded into her over and over again. She felt Frank's balls tighten in her hand and braced for the cum that was sure to flow. He suprised her when he pushed her off of his cock with a groan. 

Stripping off his boxers, Frank slid into the pool and said something to Joe in a hushed voice. Joe nodded and stopped fucking her completely. Still in the same position, Lisa turned and looked at them curiously. Her breath was returning to normal after the great fuck Joe had given her and wondered what was to come next. Frank grabbed her by the waist, pulling her back against him. She felt his cock in the cleft of her ass and she shuddered. She loved getting fucked in the ass and wondered if he would.

"Not yet baby," he said, reading her mind. Joe came to stand in front of her and she was sandwiched between them. Frank began to kiss her neck, her one true weakness and Joe bent to suck and bite her nipples. 

"Oh god," she murmured. "Fuck me, please fuck me." Frank's hand slid down to her waiting pussy from behind as he inserted 3 fingers into her. Joe's hand dipped to her clit and rubbed it as Frank finger fucked her hard and fast, her hot juices dripping onto his powerful hand

"Oh shit," she screamed as they continued their torment. Licking, biting, fucking, rubbing. 

"Yea darlin', that's it. Let it go," Joe encouraged as he watched her face. "It feels so good, doesn't it? Cum for us."

She couldn't hold back. Her body spasmed as her orgasm took over. She collapsed back against Frank. Slowly, she came back down from her high. Joe led her out of the pool, Frank following behind. 

"Ever been with two men, hun?" Joe asked. "Ever been double fucked before?"

"No," Lisa, answered, her voice shaking. Actually that was her wildest fuck fantasy but she'd had both men's cocks and knew that she wouldn't be able to take them both together without hurting herself. 

"No, I can't! You're both too big."

Frank grabbed her around the waist and spun her toward him, a twisted smile appearing on his gorgeous face. "Oh believe me sweetheart, you WILL. It's our turn. After all, this is what you wanted, isn't it, you little cop slut? There's no turning back now." 

He began to kiss her mouth, his tongue slipping deep inside. Lisa shuddered and he felt it. Then Joe grabbed her.

"No please, not at once."

Lisa started to struggle as Frank pushed her down onto the diving board, holding her. Joe grabbed his partner's utility belt from the deck. He removed the attachments and used the leather strap to tie her down. She lay there struggling, panting in rage. Frank at her head, holding her wrists down. Joe at her feet. She was completely defenseless. The thought of a fun night was over. Joe came at her, sliding his hands up her shapely legs. She tried to kick out at him.

"I said I don't want this. You'll hurt me."

Joe shrugged and reached for a holster that was lying beside a lounge chair. Inside, he pulled out the leg shackles issued to all police officers to subdue unruly prisioners in transport. Still kicking, Lisa refused to be tied up, but soon her strength began to fail and Joe forcibly grabbed her left ankle, attaching a cuff. Then ran the long chain under the diving board and attached the right ankle as well. Lisa screamed and Frank immediatly quieted her with a hand over the mouth. One hand free from his grip, she reached up and clipped his face with a flailing arm. 

Frank cursed. He uncovered her mouth to rub his lip. Lisa took a deep breath to scream as loud as she could when Joe's hand covered her mouth. 

"Shut up, bitch. You are going to pay for that." He looked deeply into her eyes, and then he laughed evilly. "It's a serious crime to assault a police officer. You okay Frank?"

"Yea," he grabbed her wrists, holding them behind her head. "I got her."

Joe whispered in her ear through clenched teeth. "If you try to scream again you'll be gagged. You understand me slut?"

Lisa nodded, tears coming to her eyes.

"You asked for this and now you're gonna get just what you wanted."

She gulped loudly and closed her eyes, feeling Joe slide down her body. His muscular chest rested on the diving board between her outstretched thighs. She jumped as she felt his mouth, hot and wet on her clit, his lips sucking it in. Twisting herself, she tried to move away but Joe's hands forced her down. Although she tried to resist it, she was starting to react to the experienced mouth on her snatch. Her hips bucked slightly. Joe felt it and slid a long finger into her pussy. "Don't do this to me, please." she whispered.

Frank watched intently as Joe ate out the gorgous woman pinned before him. Lisa could feel his hard cock sliding against her bound fingers. He released her wrists but before she had a chance to hit him again, he turned her head to the side and slipped his cock in her mouth. "Bite me and you'll regret it," he promised. She had no choice but to suck it as he fucked in and out of her warm mouth. He reached down, kneading her tits then ran his hands down her tight abs to the top of her pussy. 

Joe watched her suck Frank's cock as he finger fucked her hot pussy and sucked on her hard clit. Lisa felt Joe bite her nub and she moaned "no" around the prick in her mouth. The vibration set Frank off as he bucked his hips harder and faster. She felt a stream of cum hit the back of her throat. She never swallowed but was forced to as Frank rammed his pulsing cock deeper down her throat. She pushed him out of her mouth, thinking she would gag. The rest of his hot spunk spurted on the deck.

"Shit Joe, does she taste as good as she looks?"

"Delicious mate. Try some." Joe and Frank quickly switched places. Joe knelt by the diving board and started to lick and bite Lisa's nipples. Frank began to rub his stubbly chin over her clit. The sensations were driving her crazy. Never had she felt such powerful hands and mouths all over her body before. 

She needed to cum again. She couldn't deny it anymore. She wanted this. She was a cop slut. Lisa reached down and with one hand held Frank's head in place as he furiously rammed his mouth up against her clit. Running through her hot juices, he lubed his fingers and gently slid two into her tight ass. She hissed as he slowly fucked her in and out and then bucked her hips as he increased his speed. 

"Oh god, please" she groaned as she felt two fingers slip into her cunt. He double fucked her at a furious pace with his hand while sucking her clit.

"Please what?" Joe asked smiling. "We told you you'd love it." She watched as Joe took his cock in his hand. He stood and rubbed the head against her lips. She opened her mouth and engulfed him. He held her chin as he rammed into her over and over again. "You suck cock so fucking good. Take it all in sweetheart... Yea baby...Fuck!"

She pulled off his cock for a brief instant, holding him in her hand, jacking him off. "Please, Officer Griffith," she gasped. "Please!" She went back to sucking Joe's stiff rod. He was throbbing in her mouth.

Joe nodded to his partner and Frank bit down on her clit. Her hips started moving wildly as she flooded Frank's mouth with cum. He slurped up every drop of her sweet liquid, slowing the movement of his hand inside of her. Joe reluctantly pulled his cock from her mouth and reached down to untie her from the board. Her breathing was slowly returning to normal, her eyes were closed. She knew what was coming and still feared the pain she was bound to feel. 

Frank picked her up and carried her as Joe led the way into the house. They came to a warm bedroom and Frank placed her in the middle of the king sized bed. She opened her eyes when she felt the mattress give to the weight of their bodies. Joe lay on her left, Frank on her right. Pulling her back against him, Joe rubbed his cock in the cleft of her ass. Frank moved against her breasts, softly kissing her mouth, rubbing his cock along her pussy lips. She shuddered. They were both hard and stiff and so big. Too big. 

Frank rolled onto his back and motioned for Lisa to climb on. When she didn't, Joe grabbed her by the waist and lifted her on. She slid down Frank's thick prick and rested there against his balls. Her eyes closed, her hands braced on his chest. Frank pulled her down and whispered in her ear, "We wont hurt you. I swear you'll love it."

She shook her head in denial.

She felt Joe's hands on her ass, spreading her cheeks apart and froze, straightening. She felt something wet on his fingers as he inserted them into her tight asshole. He started to rub against the walls of her anus and she quivered. She already felt full and his cock wasn't even in her yet. Stretching her, sliding his fingers in and out, she was suprised when he placed his lips on the nape of her neck. "Oh fuck," she whimpered.

"This drives you crazy, doesn't it?" Joe asked as he ran his teeth along her skin. His fingers were still inside her ass and Frank felt her grind her pussy against him. Joe felt it too and smiled at his partner over her shoulder. Frank reached up and rubbed her tits, squeezing her nipples as Joe continued his anal and oral assault. He slid in another finger and heard Lisa hiss. She reached up behind her and pulled Joe's mouth harder onto her neck. Faster he fingered her as he continued to lick and nip her throat. 

She groaned as Frank ran a finger over her throbbing clit. She moaned, bucking against Frank's hot cock. Slowly Joe removed his fingers and oiled his stiff prick. She felt Joe place the head of his cock against her asshole. Immediately she stiffened and Joe gave her a moment to relax. Bending her forward onto Frank, he slowly inserted his cock into her tight hole. 

"No wait...please," she begged. 

Frank pulled her tightly against him, exposing her fully for Joe. Lisa felt Frank's mouth on her jaw, sliding down to her collarbone. Licking along her most erotic spots. She totally relaxed and Joe pushed forward, filling her completely. 

"Oh...my...god," she moaned.

Frank grabbed her by the waist and both began to fuck her slowly. Joe pinched her nipples from behind as he slid deeply into her. His hard cock pulsing in and out of her tight ass. She had never felt anything like this before. She was on fire. She felt the men's cocks touching through the thin wall of flesh that separated them. 

She closed her eyes to concentrate. The feelings she was experiencing weren't as painful as she expected. They were fucking awesome. She put her hands down on Frank's hard pecs, running her fingers through the crisp hairs. She lightly caressed his flat nipples and he hissed, fucking her deeper and deeper. Joe started to ram into her faster and faster. As he pulled back, Frank's thick prick fucked deeply up into her. Frank pulled back as Joe surged in. Lisa started lifing herself off of Frank and then sliding back down his cock. Frank moaned and Joe smiled to himself as he continued to fuck her non stop.

"Yea baby," Joe drawled, panting. "You love it. You love having two cops hard cocks in your ass and cunt, don't you?"

She shivered.

"Tell me."

"Yes!" she screamed, a tremor running through her. "I love it! Fuck me, Officer Marcone! Your cock feels so good in my ass!"

Joe continued ramming and slamming into her as Frank reached up around her back, pulling her tits down to his mouth. Losing her balance, Lisa grabbed the headboard and moaned as Frank bit down on her nipple. That was all she could take. She started to buck wildly, screaming as her third orgasm gushed onto Frank's cock. Her muscles gripped the cocks inside of her, triggering first Joe and then Frank to cum deep inside of her filling her with their spunk. 

The room was filled with the sounds of harsh breathing as they all tried to catch their breath. Lisa flinched slightly as Joe slowly pulled out of her used ass. Frank rolled onto his side taking her with him, his cock sliding out of her. She was wrapped in his arms and she felt Joe slip into bed behind her.

Sighing in total satisfaction, Lisa smiled. She had just experienced the most amazing sexual episode in her life. She had two gorgeous bodies cocooned around her. Her wildest fantasy come true. She was definitely a cop slut and if this was what she had to look forward to, she was proud of it. She giggled as her tired eyes fluttered shut.