 Warning: This story contains man2man sex, so now you have the chance to quit, if you do not like that idea. It was almost impossible to choose the proper category, but I've decided to put it in Group Sex rather than Gay Male.

Copenhagen couple

My career as a bisexual male began simultaneously with being introduced to the noble art of seduction. It was a hot summer day 20 years ago. I was 19 years old, and I had already experienced some acceptable but fairly ordinary sex with various girls. I even had a girlfriend during high school, which by the way is not what we call this part of the school system in Denmark, but I guess it's easier to use US terms. Anyway, as most young men with a healthy sexual appetite and an interest in girls, I was convinced that I was a stud and a proficient lover. Looking back I realize that I was just an ordinary, horny and fairly virile guy with pussy on the brain. 

As my summer vacation job I worked in the parks of Copenhagen, weeding the flowerbeds and so on. It was actually a great job, giving me lots of opportunity to admire girls walking by in thin summer dresses or sunning themselves on blankets in the parks. At that time and place it was perfectly acceptable for women to sunbathe in a bikini or even topless, not just on a beach but in city parks too. And when you are on your knees weeding, the view is rather fascinating. The sheer number of pert bottoms and soft inner thighs, not to mention beautiful breasts, kept my libido up and running all day. 

This particular summer was the warmest and driest in that decade, so I spent most of my time wearing nothing but shorts, socks and shoes. On the day where my sex life took an unexpected turn for the better, it was particularly hot in the afternoon. I had chosen a somewhat remote part of the park, because the flower beds there were in the shade. I did see the couple who walked past me and sat down on a bench nearby, but I soon forgot about them. 

When I finished the last bit of weeding, I stood up and stretched my aching back. I stripped my thin garden gloves from my sweaty hands and chucked them into my bucket of tools. Grabbing my water bottle I had a long drink and then poured the rest of the lukewarm water over my neck. Suddenly I felt a pair of hands caressing my buttocks, and a deep male voice said: "You have such a sexy butt." 

I spun round and behind me was the couple from the bench. They were probably 7-8 years older, good looking without being stunning. He was slightly taller than me, with a fit and athletic shape, his dark blond hair with highlights was cut in a smart hairstyle. She had a charming smile, a pair of mischievous brown eyes and shoulder length chestnut hair. Her dress was made of some sort of clinging material, and the top buttons were undone. This meant I could feast my eyes on two very shapely and firm breasts, especially as she was right beside me, so that I couldn't help staring down into her cleavage.

Before I had a chance of saying or doing anything, she reached out. Her fingertips traced the contours of my naked and slightly sweaty chest, sending a tinkle up my spine. "Actually, both of us think that you have a delicious body." She smiled, and I saw the outline of her erect nipples against the thin material of her white dress. "Would you like to come home with us, if you are done for today? We live close by." I felt my face grow hot and a lustful tightening in my crotch. 

At that point the thought of her boyfriend intruded, and I shot him a quick look. His grin and a raised eyebrow conveyed better than words that he was daring me to accept the challenge. My mouth opened but I was completely tongue tied, so I settled for nodding weakly, while trying to control my reaction to the intriguing couple. The brunette gave me a delighted smile, grabbed my hand and took off. "My name is Daniella, my boyfriend is Michael, what's your name?" I took a deep breath and said "Anders." 

Her free hand travelled up my arm, gently caressing the inside of my elbow. "We have been looking at you in the park for the past couple of days. Michael was the one to spot you; he has quite an eye for attractive men." I had to force myself not to look over my shoulder, but I felt the gaze of her boyfriend on my body, and I recalled the feeling of his hands on my butt. I realized that I was embarking on something that both frightened and fascinated me, even though I had no idea what I was in for.

As promised we soon reached their place which was on the third floor in a block of apartments overlooking the park. It was one of those old fashioned five-storey houses from the turn of the last century, which are the norm for most of central Copenhagen, spacious, high-ceilinged with the original wooden floors sanded to a smooth finish and lots of light through the arched windows. The only drawback with most of these buildings from around 1890 is that bathroom facilities are usually rather cramped, but not in this case. 

They must have converted one of the spare bedrooms, because the bathroom was huge and very luxurious, with a roomy shower stall. I got to see this before the rest of the apartment, as Daniella suggested that I might like to take a shower after all my hard work in the park. She gave me a large towel; her boyfriend had disappeared, apparently to put on some music, because the soothing sounds of Dire Straits soon flowed out of loudspeakers in the corners of the bathroom. Of course I was both grateful and pleased to have a chance of getting rid of the dirt and sweat on my body before I engaged in whatever plans Daniella and Michael had with me. 

At the time, I never questioned my acceptance of the surprising suggestion in the park, and I certainly didn't visualise any specific outcome. Other than the sort of general girl-being-had-by-two-men-at-the-same-time erotic fantasy, which is fairly normal I suppose. Within a few moments I had company in the shower. Daniella slipped past to stand in front of me, and I got rid of the shampoo and water on my face in a hurry, so I could see her naked. As I had expected, her breasts were absolutely stunning, not huge but large enough to make any man drool with lust and with a natural buoyancy which was very fascinating. 

I suppressed my immediate urge to reach out and run my fingers over the tempting curves to ascertain whether the skin was as soft as it looked. My eyes wandered lower down, she had a dark, neatly trimmed triangle of pubic hair, accentuating the tantalising slit between her shapely legs. Full but firm hips and buttocks, which almost begged to be grabbed, completed my impression of an attractive and sexy body. I couldn't hide the enthusiasm of my dick at the idea of being allowed to fuck her, but Daniella didn't seem to mind the silent compliment of my immediate erection. 

She took a step forward, took one of my hands and laid it against her breast. Automatically my other hand found its way to her thigh and then moved to her buttock. I pulled her closer and bent over to kiss her neck. I was so engrossed in fondling Daniella's wonderful body that I failed to notice Michael behind me. This time his hands caressed my back before encircling my buttocks with the same firm grasp, he had used in the park. Rather confusedly I stammered "Ehm, I haven't washed..." but Michael's voice interrupted me. "We don't want to miss a single opportunity of savouring your tasty body." 

Daniella nodded in confirmation of her boyfriend's words and gave me her sensual smile. "You could wash me in return," and her nipple hardened against my palm. She left out the unnecessary sequel "if you like", as she surely realized that I found the idea just as exciting as she seemed to. Daniella grabbed a dispenser of liquid soap, squeezed a large amount into her hand and gave it to me. Michael reached around me to reduce the flow of water, and when I had gotten a handful of soap, he took the dispenser and repeated the action.

Daniella began distributing the soap over my chest, shoulders and stomach. I had always been a bit embarrassed about the fact that I did not have any body hair on my chest; I was completely smooth except for a bit of downy fuzz in the centre. But she seemed to enjoy the slick feeling, because she kept sliding her hands over my pectorals, and even rubbed her cheek against me. She rubbed my nipples and then pinched them gently when they hardened. Her fingers teased their way down my ribs and slowly circled around on my stomach. My dick gave small jerks of excitement every time her hands brushed it.

I returned her caresses by soaping her body all over, first the shoulders, then into the armpits. They were smooth, which I appreciate with women. My hands continued down, my wrists gliding along the sides of her breasts. The dip of her waist was followed by the flare of her hips; my hands moved sideways making soapy tracks across the soft skin of her stomach, slowly finding their way to her firm breasts. When I finally got there, she closed her eyes and her breathing became quicker, as my fingers moved in circles towards her nipples. I really enjoyed the combination of her satin soft skin with the firm curves of her twin mounds underneath. 

As I reached her erect nipples, I changed to a more demanding fondling, massaging Daniella's sexy breasts, pinching the tips, which made her gasp with pleasure. As she had paused with the stroking and washing of my body, I turned her around, so that I could wash her back. Very soon my hands were on her buttocks treating them to another lustful massage, before letting one hand slip forward to rub soap into her pubic hair. As I cupped the mound in my hand and felt her warm slit against my fingers, I almost gave in to my urges. More than anything I wanted to make her bend over and enter her from behind, right now.

There were two reasons why I didn't. One was that she in no way indicated that she wanted me to do so, the other was that Michael's actions behind me were getting more and more distracting. His strong hands had distributed soap on my neck, shoulders, armpits, the small of my back, my hips, while at the same time stroking my skin more sensually than I would have imagine possible from a man. As his hands continued along my thighs, my buttocks automatically tensed in the expectation that he would fondle them again. 

To my surprise he knelt behind me instead and smeared soap all over my legs. He started to massage my calves working his way up to my thighs. I sighed with pleasure, because my legs were sore after working hard in the park for several days. As his fingers reached the inside of my thighs, his massage got slower and gentler. Now and then the upper side of his warm hands brushed my balls and the lower curve of my butt. He was obviously waiting to see my reaction, and I had to admit that his caresses turned me on, and I was not in the least disgusted by another man touching me. 

His warm breath on my buttocks was titillating evidence that his face was only centimetres away. Just as I was trying to fight the urge to take his girlfriend from behind, I felt his lips on my left buttock. The kiss was followed by nibbling, which made my knees go all wobbly. Nobody had ever done such a thing to me, and I got even more distracted by Michael's fingers running up through the cleft of my butt. Suddenly Michael rose, and his hands grabbed my ass, eagerly distributing the soap. His fingers alternated between gentle and firm as he rubbed my butt cheeks and ran his fingertips teasingly along the crevice. 

For a moment I forgot all about the tantalising female in front of me, my head dropped back to rest on Michael's shoulder. He turned his head, and his tongue tickled my inner ear, whereupon his teeth caught my earlobe, biting just hard enough to make me moan. Straightening, I let my butt slide backwards and one foot sideways in order to get a better foothold on the slippery floor. Michael's hand immediately slipped between my legs, I gasped as he fondled my balls. Daniella had turned around to face me; she smiled when she saw the expression on my face. 

She grabbed some more soap and proceeded with washing my front, focusing on the hair around my dick. "Well, look at this, we seem to have caught us a natural blond, with lots of cute curls." The soft golden curls on my head had attracted the attention of girls in a nice way since I was twelve, and to be honest I've always enjoyed having my tangled locks combed and fussed with. Especially while kissing the girl who did so, and most of those I had dated seemed to like touching my hair. Thus I was not surprised that Daniella noticed my blond curls, but she embarrassed me by not just commenting on my public hair, but also my private hair. 

Michael just laughed and told her she was such a romantic, but added: "But in this case, I do see your point, he really is a tempting little Cupid, isn't he." His kiss on the nape of my neck made me shiver and the heat from his body close to my back felt strangely exciting. Their hands were busy between my legs, rubbing soap into every part of my groin and fondling my balls from both sides. Finally, Daniella's hand slid up and enclosed my throbbing manhood, and I couldn't help moaning, as her soapy fingers made sure, I got clean here as well. 

I reached for her breasts again, their hard nipples made me want to kiss and suck them. Daniella carefully slid my foreskin back, and I gasped, as her fingers touched the exposed and sensitive head of my dick. She was gentle but thorough, taking care that every crevice was covered in soap, then asking me to finish the washing. "Make sure that you are clean all over -- I'll be checking afterwards, and I shan't be pleased if you taste nasty!" She took some more soap and slid her hand between her legs, fingers going into her slit with care. Well, that order and action certainly made sense; it is much easier to know how firmly one can wash one's own intimate and sensitive parts without getting pain from the soap or the rubbing. 

I assumed that Michael was busy with the same thing behind me, as his hands had left my body, but I kept my attention on the sexy woman in front of me. Daniella turned the shower back on to full, and we rinsed carefully, taking turns to use the detachable shower head. Michael managed to get behind his girlfriend, while I was under the shower with my eyes shut. When I looked at Daniella again, he was kissing her neck and caressing her breasts and buttocks, going on to explore the crevice between her legs with as much enthusiasm as I had shown. For the first time I considered that it was possible to be equally attracted to the bodies of both men and women. 

Daniella turned her head and gave him a kiss, then looked at me and made a small beckoning gesture. I obeyed, and as soon as I was in front of her, she dropped down on her knees. All my attention was on the sexy girl in front of me; the lustful anticipation in her face, as she contemplated my dick, was such a turn-on that my knees went wobbly again. Michael walked around us to get into the shower behind me, and though I had wanted to, I missed the opportunity to see his cock. The sight of Daniella's mouth approaching my dick was just too enticing. I was achingly hard and leaking a bit, and my foreskin had slid back due to my excitement. 

As the tongue of the lovely brunette slid over my exposed glans, my dick jerked and a small moan escaped my lips. She smiled and continued to explore, dipping the tip of her tongue into the opening, licking around the head, getting into every crevice and tickling the sensitive ridge on the lower side. Apparently, my clean-up was approved, because her lips followed her tongue and slid down over the head and my shaft until her mouth had taken about half of me in. 

Sliding back up, one of her hands took hold of the lower part of my dick and started rubbing gently, as she swallowed the upper half again and again. Her other hand caressed my hip, my stomach, chest, even found my nipple and teased it. I had never experienced anything like this. The small lustful sounds from her busy mouth and her actions made it very clear that she was enjoying the situation just as much as me. But things were about to get even better. 

Michael had finished rinsing, and his hand slid between my legs, as he kissed my neck, licked it teasingly. His tongue worked its way down my spine until he was kneeling behind me. The sexy couple was totally focused on my pleasure, caressing me intimately; I couldn't believe my amazing luck. Feeling HER lips and tongue lick, suck and rotate on the head while her hand rubbed the stone hard shaft of my dick. While HIS hands fondled my balls, the sensitive area behind my pouch, my butt checks and the insides of my thighs. 

At the same time his mouth returned to the enticing game of kissing and nibbling my butt, and twice I felt the slight pain as he marked me by sucking the smooth center of each cheek. Occasionally, his tongue moved along the line between my buttocks, the sensual tickle when it teased the top of my crevice made me shiver. I kept expecting his fingers getting in on the action, making their way to a part of my ass that no one had ever touched. 

But although his hand slid across and followed the line down several times, Michael never quite made that last move, and somehow this was even more arousing than the anticipated contact. Not surprisingly the joint efforts of the experienced couple soon had me on the brink of orgasm, and I'm sure they knew from the way I was gasping and moaning. They pulled away, Daniella kept me on edge by licking up and down my dick, but Michael distracted me by standing up and biting my earlobe. Suddenly his fingers were at my rear entrance, and my whole body tensed as I felt the pressure of his fingertip against the tight aperture.

His deep voice sounded amused, as he whispered in my ear: "Have you ever played with yourself here, Anders?" Again the slight pressure, followed by a small circling motion, shivers were running up and down my spine, and I couldn't get my vocal cords to work. Wordlessly I shook my head, cringing at how inexperienced, slightly inferior and just a tiny bit intimidated he made me feel. But he did not scoff at my innocence or violate my body, his finger just kept caressing my untried opening, circling and rubbing every fold very gently. 

Nerve endings I had never known about were sending me little messages: 'So you finally noticed us -- yes we are very sensitive, and we very much like being tickled', with a snippy aside to my dick: 'You'll have to share his attention with us now, tough guy'. Somehow I knew that if Michael breached me simultaneously with Daniella taking my aching dick all the way into her mouth, as she had done a couple of times, I would erupt. I couldn't make up my mind whether the pleasure of my first climax in the mouth of a woman would make up for the embarrassment of achieving this with a man's finger up my ass.

Fortunately, I was spared from finding out, because Daniella stood up and changed places with her boyfriend. My eyes were closed, but I felt the heat of him very close to the front part of my body. Behind me Daniella grabbed the shower head, turned the water back to full and let the water flow over all three of us in turns. Her breasts were rubbing against my back, her pubic hair scratching my butt, as she reached over my shoulder to rinse Michael. She kissed my neck and nibbled on my earlobe, whispering: "Mmm, yes, such a delicious body."

The first barrier had been broken when I accepted and enjoyed another man's hands on my body. I only felt pleasure as Michael now explored my torso with his strong fingers, squeezing my nipples, following the contours of my chest and stomach muscles. Caressing my hips, just to end on the part of my body which seemed to fascinate him most. As his hands squeezed my butt, I suddenly felt something hard, warm and with a silky soft skin against my stomach. I tensed and looked down, and another line was crossed as I experienced a joyful thrill at the sight of his erect manhood rubbing sensually against mine.
