 This chapter features Kristine from the Perfect Prey story. If you don't know it already, I recommend that you read both chapters of that before you continue with this story. But it's not absolutely necessary, so just enjoy.




After I'd managed to seduce Kristine for the second time, I was convinced that I wouldn't get another night with her. She'd made it perfectly clear that no matter how tempting an offer I made her, the answer would be no thanks. But I guess neither of us was able to resist when fate suddenly intervened. It was at the beginning of summer that I ran into the petite vivacious blonde at college. Kristine had just finished her master's degree and told me that she'd been offered a job in another part of Denmark, so she was getting ready to move.

I was actually on my way home to get ready for a visit to Daniella and Michael, so my body and mind were already tuned into sex. But another reason may have been that she looked so happy and cute in a thin summer dress. Anyway, I gave Kristine a big hug to congratulate her about the good news, and my reaction was inevitable. As I felt her soft body against mine and the subtle mixture of freshly washed hair and sexy womanly scents hit my nostrils, I became urgently, almost painfully erect in my shorts.

Kristine gave a small gasp as my hard rod poked her in the stomach, and I immediately tried to apologize. "Oh shit, sorry ... ehm I'm on my way to visit a couple I know, so maybe I'm a bit..." My voice tapered off, when I realized what I'd just admitted. Fuck I'd just made things worse, how embarrassing. I blushed furiously and tried to pull away from her. She looked up at me, and I wasn't surprised to see a smirk on her face and a mischievous glint in her blue eyes. 

"I'm not quite sure whether to be envious of you or them, Anders." I tried to adjust myself discreetly in order to make my erection less obvious before I stepped away. We were still standing close enough for me to notice the hard nipples on her small pert breasts showing against the thin material, 'as usual no bra' was my random thought. Then my subconscious took over, and before I knew it, I had suggested that Kristine could join me.

I'd told Daniella and Michael quite a bit about my delightful fun with this older and experienced woman. Both when I last visited them and also when we arranged this meeting over the phone. As a joke I'd even said that it was a shame I couldn't bring her with me, and they'd immediately agreed. Probably why I had made the offer without thinking, even if I naturally expected her to refuse. "No need to be envious, Kristine, you can just come with me. I'm sure they'd love to meet you." At first she thought I was joking, but when I insisted, she looked at me pensively for a bit. 

Finally Kristine nodded: "I know I'll regret it if I let such a chance pass me by. But maybe you should call them and check, just in case?" I agreed and we went back to my place, where I phoned Daniella and Michael. As expected they were more than eager to have a foursome, and I promised we'd be at their apartment in an hour's time, ready and squeaky clean. I let Kristine go first, and while she showered afterwards, I took my own turn in getting my bottom clean inside. When I'd had my shower, we took a cab to Daniella and Michael. 

On the way I whispered a few tips to Kristine about what to expect. Including the couple's rule about not kissing on the mouth and using condoms with their lovers. I also asked if she was OK with the fact that Michael would want to fuck me and have me do him in return. Kristine just smiled: "I'm quite aware that you're a kinky young man, Anders. It's part of your charm and something I appreciate. And anyway I've always wanted to see two hot guys have fun." My mouth fell open, but I've since learned that quite a lot of women get off on the idea of gay sex.

Michael opened the door for us, and his charming smile got more suggestive when he took Kristine's hand in greeting and looked into her happy blue eyes. Moments after Daniella came out of the bathroom, and the two girls spent some time viewing each other. The contrast between slim, dark blond woman and voluptuous, dark-eyed brunette was striking. I held my breath, but when Daniella came over and hugged Kristine, I sighed in relief. From the way they stood close after the hug it was clear that they were compatible.

In fact Daniella took Kristine's hand and dragged her off, without saying anything. Michael and I followed them into the bedroom, sharing expectant grins. The two ladies ignored us completely while they undressed each other slowly. They touched and caressed everywhere, including breasts and buttocks, it was like a slow erotic show. I'd never seen two girls playing with each other, but I soon realized that it was a huge turn on, especially when hoping I'd be able to join soon.

Interestingly, Kristine seemed to love kissing and fondling Daniella's ample tits, and Daniella certainly liked it too. Soon they were on the bed together, and Michael's girlfriend apparently had no problems letting another woman go down on her. As Kristine spread the brunette's legs and her tongue worked its way into the pink folds, I felt Michael's hands on my butt. Accompanied by his girlfriend's moans, as Kristine licked her pussy everywhere, Michael undressed me and knelt in front of me. 

He'd already shed his own clothes, and we were both fully erect. Very slowly his mouth descended on my swollen rod, and I had to fight not to close my eyes in delight, because I also wanted to keep watching the two sexy women in front of me. By now Daniella had pushed Kristine around, so that they could lick each other. Their fingers were also busy, sliding in and out of dripping wet pussies, and there was no doubt about how much they enjoyed it.

Suddenly Kristine looked up and saw us, and she sat up and pulled Daniella half way to sitting and whispered in her ear. Daniella's smile showed how much she liked the suggestion and they got up from the bed and came towards us. Michael was busy sucking my dick and fondling my ass, so he never noticed what was going on before it was too late. When the naughty girls grabbed him from behind and pulled him down on his back, Michael was much too surprised to resist.

Daniella immediately descended on his head, demanding that he pleasure her with his mouth, as she almost pushed her pussy into Michael's face. Kristine and I concentrated on the rest of his naked, taut body. I got hold of the lube, and Michael writhed in pleasure as we forced his legs apart and fondled his hairless balls, smooth taint and puckered anus. Kristine slowly pushed two fingers into the tight aperture, and with a nod and a gesture she told me to take care of the hard cock pulsing and dripping on Michael's stomach.

I hesitated, because I hadn't actually done this before, sucked Michael's cock, I mean. But when both girls gave me an insistent stare and nods, I yielded to the inevitable. And maybe Daniella's boyfriend wasn't into fellatio the way she was, but when my mouth closed around the wet, swollen head, and Kristine penetrated his ass with two fingers, there were some very loud and happy sounds coming from underneath Daniella. She actually moved away and let him see what was going on.

As Michael lifted his head and saw that I was the one sucking him, his whole body jerked and the salty taste of precum covered my tongue. As a matter of fact I'd not had the pleasure of feeling another man's hard dick in my mouth for almost a whole year. So I reveled in the way his throbbing manhood filled my mouth and almost made me gag, when he lifted his hips and thrust into my mouth. But we were not allowed to continue this game much longer, before the girls drew us apart and guided us over to the bed.

Here they positioned Michael on his back sideways on the bed, but this time Kristine straddled his head. He immediately began fondling her plumb buttocks and buried his face in her pussy. Daniella sat down on her boyfriend's dick and I heard him whimper excitedly, when she took his fully engorged shaft into her wet pussy. After she had ridden him for a bit, she beckoned me to stand in front of her. I stood with a leg on either side of Michael's chest and supported myself with a hand on the wall at the end of the bed.

Having another and even more skillful mouth descend on my dick soon had my legs shaking with excitement. My pleasure increased when Kristine, who had turned around, spread my buttocks and started to play with my anus. Her fingers soon had me slick with lube, and she was obviously eager to conquer another tight male ass. I was so close to exploding from lust and the kinky sensation of having two hot women playing with my sensitive parts. I think Kristine deliberately let Michael see how she finger fucked my needy butt, because I heard him moan, and when I looked back, I caught his eyed between her thighs. His face had the same desperate expression that I'm sure mine showed, but then he made an effort to gain control of the situation.

Michael let three fingers slide into the wonderful pussy in front of him, and I could see from his face that he was just as fascinated with Kristine's warm, wet, willing hole as I was. Then his thumb circled her back entrance and I guess he pressed it inside, at least that's what his movements between her legs looked like. She gasped and her fingers left my ass, and I used the opportunity to get away from Daniella too. I sat down next to Michael and pulled Kristine away from his head. He immediately grabbed his girlfriend's hips and began thrusting into her, hard and rhythmically.

Daniella moaned with appreciation and rode him fast, but stopped before he could come. Again the two girls took the initiative, with Daniella lying down, spreading her legs and ordering me to lick her. I complied at once, bending down between her thighs and latching on to the swollen nub at the top of her crevice. My fingers were soon busy in her wet pussy, and Kristine's hands were on my butt, parting the cheeks and adding more lube to my tunnel. Then Michael was suddenly behind me, pulling my bottom into position and placing his sheathed cock against my entrance. 

As usual he announced his intention, his deep voice behind me making me shiver in anticipation, but this time he spoke to Kristine. "So you want to see me possess Anders' sweet ass? To watch how I ride him the way he loves?" I knew she was looking right at the place where his cock speared me in one smooth and demanding thrust. When I managed to steal a quick glance, I saw her intent and awed face as she watched me getting fucked. Although I've never considered myself as exhibitionistic, I have to admit that it turned me on. In fact it significantly enhanced my enjoyment of submitting to Michael.

And then Kristine upped the ante, when her hands found my dick and my balls, making me lose the ability to lick Daniella and reducing me to incoherent moans and trembling. All I could do was giving myself over to the competent fuck from Michael and the expert fondling of Kristine, and wonder at the miracle of not just climaxing at once. But luckily they soon gave me a break, so I could resume my duty towards Daniella and pull back from the precipice of orgasm, and thus enjoy the intense sexual situation longer.

Kristine moved behind Michael, and I soon realized what she was doing. He stopped moving and leant slightly forward, moaning out loud. He shifted one leg outwards, in order to make room for her ministrations, and I just knew that she was pushing a dildo into the tight hole after preparing it with extra lube. A sideways glance at the mirror on their wall confirmed my guess. Michael's hands clutched my hips, and he whimpered softly, as he accepted the sex toy in full length. Kristine did it very slowly and carefully (she later admitted it was another first for her), but that only increased the exquisite sexual torture for the poor guy.

By the time the dildo was fully seated, Michael was panting and squirming against me. I was impressed that he didn't come immediately, when Kristine celebrated the successful penetration by moving the fake dick back and forth a couple of times. She laughed happily and smacked his butt, and then she crawled around us and started kissing and fondling Daniella's breasts. Michael seized the chance at once. I've never been buggered so fast and intensely, and I cried out in surprise and slight pain as he hammered his cock deep into my defenseless butt.

Every inch of my chute was pummeled mercilessly, until his rock hard and max distended manhood had completed its mission, and he fired his gun repeatedly inside my already aching guts. Once his climax was over, Michael panted heavily, then grunted with satisfaction, as he moved his cock gently back and forth in my well and truly fucked ass. Finally he withdrew and eased the soiled condom off his still relatively hard cock, and I knew that he was ready to go again as usual. Indeed, he shoved me away from his girlfriend, pulled her towards him and buried his cum covered cock in her sopping pussy.

Daniella seemed to know what he wanted, because she rubbed her clit until she came, writhing and meowing in her sexy way. "Again," Michael demanded, and her fingers kept playing so she could treat his waiting cock with the vibrations of her pussy walls, as she came at least twice more. Meanwhile I'd grabbed hold of Kristine, who didn't object as I manhandled her around, spread her legs and rammed my dick into her soft slick pussy. As my crotch connected with her soft bottom, I grunted with desire and need. My dick ached to fuck her wet hole and shoot my cum deep into her sweet body – or at least that's what the most primitive part of my mind wanted.

But I wanted more than that, and I moved us around until Michael could see how I fucked Kristine from behind with slow, deep strokes. He gave me an approving grin and then he focused on Daniella, as he pushed her legs up and started pounding her. I liked the way his muscular buttocks clenched when his hips snapped forward, but I certainly also liked squeezing the much softer mounds of the mature woman in front of me, as I rode her hard. I was reminded how much Kristine liked being taken from behind, since she showed her appreciation both vocally and the way her body met my thrusts.

In fact both girls were moaning with joy from the way we treated them and I think they were expecting us to go all the way. However, Michael had other plans, and he soon sat up between Daniella's spread legs. His erection was now back to its full size and hardness from the pleasant stay in the orgasm tight pussy, and I knew he was ready to try something new. I withdrew from Kristine and pushed her down on her back. "Make yourself come, so you'll be nice and ready for us," I demanded. Her eyes were closed, as her hand found the center of her pleasure and started rubbing. 

Daniella sat up and reached out to touch Kristine's pussy. She parted the wet swollen lips, and her fingers disappeared into the hot tunnel. Kristine's eyes opened in surprise. At that moment she also realized that all three of us were completely focused on her. I took her free hand and placed it on Michael's shaft. She smirked and squeezed, and he moaned as her nimble fingers played over the head, which was slick with a mixture of semen and Daniella's juices. I bent forward and nuzzled her pert tits, licking and sucking the sensitive nipples. My hand traced a path down her hip, along her buttock and into the crevice of her sexy ass.

As my fingertip found her back entrance and I penetrated the naughty star, Kristine screamed. Her orgasm was intense, awesome and lasted a long time, judging by the contractions around my finger and the stone hard nipple in my mouth. I'm fairly sure that Daniella had found Kristine's G spot and stimulated it, and that she liked experiencing the climax of another woman. At least her brown eyes were bright and her breath fast, and her free hand pushed Kristine's away and took over, when her orgasm ended. 

Michael and I smirked at each other, as we sat on either side of Kristine, who now had a hard rod in both hands. We very much liked to see Daniella prepare the soon-to-be recipient of our eager dicks by making her come repeatedly. Our unsuspecting victim sobbed and shook in ecstasy, but never released her grip on the two throbbing organs that were shortly going to fuck her senseless. As she collapsed on the mattress in a boneless heap, I soundlessly asked Michael: "Front or back?" He gave me an evil grin and mimed 'both' back at me. I nodded and we grabbed condoms and suited up.

Michael lay down on his back, and Daniella and I hauled Kristine up and in position. She eagerly impaled herself on his cock, and both of them moaned wantonly as the hard column disappeared up her no doubt very wet and tight pussy. She wasted no time but started riding him at once, and I almost laughed at Michael's stunned face. He suddenly knew that my praise of Kristine's prowess at this game had not been exaggerated at all. He still had a dildo up his ass, and I guess it was only the combination of the condom and the fact that he'd already cum once, that prevented a premature ejaculation.

While they were enjoying themselves, I gave Daniella a small ride from behind. She had no objections, and her fingers immediately got busy in front. I almost lost control, when she climaxed around my dick, but I managed to prevent the impending explosion by grabbing the base of my shaft and squeezing hard. After a bit I could resume ramming her, which she certainly appreciated. I guess that was an important lesson from being with both of these sexy women: that they liked being taken hard during and right after climaxing.

When I saw Michael pull Kristine down on top of him and grab her ass with both hands, I withdrew from Daniella. She sat up and seemed to know what would happen next. We shared the lube and helped each other prepare Kristine's twitching anus. Michael was whispering in her ear, and I think his husky voice had the same impact on her as on me. "You ever done this before, mmm? Taken two men inside you at the same time?" I couldn't hear her answer, but the slight shake of her head against his shoulder and his pleased smirk told me enough.

As soon as she was ready, Daniella helped Michael get a pillow under his hips, and I got in position between their legs. The head of my dick found its place between the soft globes that Michael's hands were pulling apart to expose Kristine's the puckered star. I could see the base of his cock than filled her pussy, and I relished the thought of my second sandwich with him and a sexy woman. I pushed and the tip of my dick slid past the slick sphincter. Kristine's moans filled the room, as I slowly filled her backside. Fuck she was tight all the way, and I knew the reason was Michael's cock pushing against the wall of her gut.

When I was fully seated, we smiled at each other, and I knew he loved the sensation as much as I did. Right now my problem was that I would probably come the moment I started moving inside Kristine's hot ass. While I kept still and tried to find a solution, I felt Daniella's fingers on my rear entrance and before I could object, she'd pushed a thin dildo up my butt. That did it and with a roar like a horny bull I thrust my hips back and forth three or four times as I felt my inevitable climax initiate. The time span between start of the orgasm and the actual ejaculation was longer than usual, and by the time my cum was spurting into the condom, I was shaking all over and almost hurting from the forceful ecstasy. I kept thrusting and shooting for an eternity, or so it felt, but finally I gave a last shudder and buried my face in Kristine's dark blond locks.
