 To my fans, both of you: I'm terribly sorry it has been so long since my last submission. I have not forgotten, but the vicissitudes of life have prevented earlier posting. If you have not read the preceding parts recently, it might be a good idea to refresh your memory before getting into this portion of the story. If you have not read the first four parts, you will want to do so, or you will not understand a number of references to prior events.

Thank you for your patience, and I hope this story is worth the wait.

*****

For the next week and a half, until I got the cast off, Lynn did not sleep on the couch, although she always rumpled the sheets over there to make it look like she did. She also didn't wear her nightshirt. It was a little crowded with two of us in the one hospital bed, but she put up the rail to be certain she didn't roll off the edge. She knew I wouldn't fall out the other side. I also didn't have to worry about my morning bath, because she washed everything, and always paid particular attention to what became her favorite area. Every morning she finished off my bath with a kiss to the head of Little Toomas, and a couple of times gave me a hand-job during the bath.

Lynn's demeanor changed drastically, too. She became the happy-go-lucky person she had been before Shawn interrupted her life, and bounced about the room with a song, humming as she went. She also quit worrying about the other girls teasing me, but would give me a grin and a wink if she saw Little Toomas tenting the sheets. We didn't have sex every night, either, but she made certain I didn't show any signs of blue balls. Neither did she act as if it was something she had to do because she owed me. Each time we coupled she would cuddle on my chest afterward, with me still inside, and she would whisper in my ear, "Toomas, I love you, and you are mine. I don't care about the other girls, because you are mine." Then she would kiss me right behind the ear, where she knew it tickled, and she knew I would get goosebumps all down my side.

Deidra was the first to pick up on the change, and she waited only long enough for Lynn to be out of earshot before asking if we were sleeping together. Not that I thought it was any of her business, but I knew she would not be upset. I nodded, only slightly embarrassed, but I needn't have been.

"Good. She needs you, and you need her. You'll be good for each other."

I looked up at her in surprise.

"What? You don't think I notice things? I wouldn't make much of a psychologist if I didn't, would I?" She leaned down and kissed me. "You know I love you, but you know I'm not in love with you. And you know I'll still tease you, but because I like to tease you. Just please don't hurt her."

I nodded, solemnly, touched by Deidra's concern. I took her hand in mine and held it tightly. "You know I love you, too, and I always will. You have a very special place in my heart that no one else will ever take. But, as much as I love you, I can't say I'm in love with you either."

"You couldn't be. You're in love with Lynn."

I was flummoxed. I knew I had strong feelings for Lynn, but to call it love, as in being in love with her?

Deidra gave me a big grin. "That's the way it happens. It just sneaks up on you all of a sudden like this, and you don't even see it coming. Don't worry, though. Lynn has been in love with you for a long time now. That's why she started dating Shawn in the first place, to try to get you out of her head."

"But . . . but . . . but I'm way too old to be in love with her. There's no way that can work."

"Don't try to tell me. Try to tell Lynn, if you dare. Trust me, Toomas. It's the truth, and you know it deep down inside. I think it's a good thing." Deidra leaned down and kissed me again, but this time the little minx slipped me a little tongue just for spite, and then walked to the door. After looking outside to be certain no one was in the hall, she lifted her shirt and showed me one breast. "You'll have to say goodbye to these, now." With a laugh she turned and walked out. 

I lay there in the bed, stupefied. Me in love with Lynn? How could that possibly be? She's the same age as my youngest daughter. If I was her father, I'd be looking for my shotgun when I got the word. Surely, it was just hero worship on Lynn's part. As for me, sure, I really liked the girl, but love?

Lynn swept into the room and came immediately to give me a kiss. "I just got off the phone with the doctor's office, honey, and we have the ambulance coming to get you at nine-thirty tomorrow morning. Your appointment for getting your cast off was moved up to ten-thirty instead of three-thirty. Then we get to start you on some physical therapy, and we'll have you back on your feet again."

"Honey?" Did I really hear her call me "honey?" My mind was whirling so much I didn't really hear the rest of her comment.

"I'm sorry, did you say 'nine-thirty'?"

"Um hmm. I'm so glad! You'll be able to get back on your feet again, and back to normal." 

Suddenly, her face fell, and she went quiet and turned away.

"What is it, sweetheart? What's wrong?"

A tear trickled down her cheek when she turned back to me, and her chin dropped to her chest. "You'll be going back to your room, and you won't need me anymore."

It was then that I knew Deidra was right. I was in love with Lynn. "Sweetheart, I will always need you."

"Do you really mean that, or are you just saying it?"

"I mean it, sweetheart. I love you."

A bright smile spread across Lynn's face. "Does that mean I can move in with you? Oh, but no one's ever going to love you like I love you!" Lynn leaned her head down and kissed my cheek, then nestled her head next to mine. It had to have been uncomfortable, leaning over the bed that way, but she just sighed and nuzzled my ear. "I was afraid you wouldn't want me anymore, once you were up and around again. I don't think I could have handled that."

I hadn't really thought about her moving into my room with me, or the ramifications with the team if she did so. "I'll have to talk with Coach Thorson to be certain it won't disrupt the team, but there is nothing I would love better. We might have to wait until the school year is over, but would you like to stay and live with me after graduation?"

Lynn lifted her head, and then sat on the side of the bed and grasped my hands. "You won't have to talk with Coach. I already did, and I told her I planned to move in with you, and she doesn't care." Her smile was the widest I've ever seen. "And don't worry, I talked with Kat, too, and she has no problems with it."

Kat! I hadn't even thought about her! What about my other girls? What were they going to think? Greta could be hard to convince, and she was vocal if she disagreed with something.

****************

Lynn cut classes to be able to go with me for the cast removal. We struggled to get me in a robe, and Lynn packed a bag, so that I could wear pants home. I was almost giddy at the thought! I know, it sounds like a small thing, but after not wearing any for three weeks. One might not think so about me, seeing the circumstances I live in, but I am a private person, and the teasing the girls had all been giving me and the tented sheets were an embarrassment. Anytime Lynn knew I had company coming, she would put a light blanket on the bed, but otherwise, it was just the sheet. No more tented sheets for public display for me!

The last thing Lynn did after getting the robe on me was to open it below the waist and suck little Toomas into her mouth and hum while gently rolling my balls in her hand. Of course, I was almost instantly hard, and I tried to get her to quit, but she just shook her head no and smiled up at me with her mouth full. It didn't take long, and I spurted deeply into her throat with a groan.

"Now what was that for?" I asked when I could get my breath again. 

Lynn still had my cock in her mouth, gently sucking on it to get all of my juices while it shriveled, then let it out with a little "pop". "I know you are seeing Dr. Thompson for your cast removal, and I didn't think you would want to pop a boner while she was cutting off the cast. I have an idea she would probably enjoy it, but I know you too well."

I looked at Lynn horrified, only to hear her merry laugh. "Oh, but living with you is going to be so much fun! I can't wait to see what it's going to be like to have you deep inside of me without that cast gouging into my leg. And, I want to feel you on top of me, too." She crawled up onto the bed and cuddled on my shoulder. 

"I don't want you to think I'm complaining, though. I never thought having sex with anyone could feel as wonderful as it is with you." The kiss she gave me was fortunately interrupted by the doorbell before I got hard again.

*************

"Hi, I'm Pete Honeycutt. You don't remember riding with me the first time, but I'm here to take you to get your cast off."

"Thanks, Pete. I'm glad you were here when you were before. They tell me you saved my life."

"Actually, no. That would have been Deidra. I just picked up where she left off and then got you to the hospital." He had stepped up to the side of the bed by now and reached out to shake my hand. "I want to tell you, you did a good job that day. It's not often we get calls where the bad guy is the one who is put down. I'm glad you were able to stop him."

His partner rolled the gurney in just then, and the two of them got me moved over onto it. 

"Sorry I've got to truss you up like this," he said as he strapped me down. "We have to make sure our patients don't get scared of Charlie's driving and jump out the back door on the way." His partner backhanded Pete on the shoulder, but laughed along with him.

"Ignore Pete. I haven't lost a patient yet. I've tried to lose a couple of EMTs, though." 

Deidra just "happened" to come in right then. "Toomas, don't you let Lynn keep you out late this evening. We are having a celebration dinner when you get back. Pete, would you and Charlie like to come?" She gave Pete a little wink and grin.

"Depends on who is cooking. Charlie, you don't want to be here if Deidra cooks!" He laughed when Deidra stuck her tongue out. 

"You'll have to dress a little better than you normally do, Pete. I invited Dr. Anderson and Dr. Cook to join us. I'm doing lasagna."

"Gotcha. Tux and tails. Thanks, Deidra. Charlie and I would love to come. We'll have to call in "well", tomorrow, though. I know we won't feel like working after as much as we'll eat tonight. Let's get this show on the road, Charlie." He gave Deidra a wink and pushed me out the door and to the ambulance.

****************

Cool air touching my skin on the leg for the first time in weeks was heaven! I can't say as much for the smell, though. Putrid is too soft a word. The skin was white and shriveled, but Dr. Thompson seemed pleased with the condition of my leg. I left her office with a set of crutches and a prescription for physical therapy—and pants. Oh, it was glorious to have pants on again. I must say, the shoes were not as comfortable as I thought they would be. I guess one's feet get to enjoying the unencumberedness (did I make up a word?) of freedom from shoes. 

Lynn drove me by the Medical Arts building, at the university, for my physical therapy evaluation. Dr. Anderson insisted I be cared for by the university physical therapy professors at no charge to my insurance. I knew that meant I would also be a guinea pig for the student trainers, but that was fine with me. I had met some of the professors when Kat was undergoing PT following a torn ACL during her sophomore year, and I liked them. Of course, they sent me home with a regimen of exercises to do. The only saving grace to them, as far as I was concerned, was that some of them could be done in the water. 

Lynn gave me a smirk on the way to the car. "You're going to love all of the help you get doing your exercises. The girls have missed you in the pond."

I groaned. Yes, I enjoyed the teasing. Who wouldn't? Sometimes, though I was thoroughly embarrassed, much to the girls' amusement.

"Just for safety's sake," Lynn interrupted my reverie, "I think I'd better help you take a shower when we get back to the house. I wouldn't want you to fall down your first time, you know." She winked

***************

I half expected to be met by the whole team when we returned to the house, but I was relieved to find no one there when Lynn pulled into the drive. Don't get me wrong. I love the girls and like having them around, but sometimes the adulation gets to be a little much. I was looking forward to a little peace and quiet. I wanted to sit down in my recliner and just veg out for a while. I had not been truly alone for weeks now. I adore Lynn, and of course, Deidra, too. Still, the idea of being all alone was very appealing.

I let out a little half-sigh, and Lynn turned to me, smiling. "Feeling better, now?"

"You have no idea. I can't wait to sit down in my recliner and just enjoy sitting for a while."

"Want company?"

"Actually, no. I've not had any alone time in weeks. I'd like to just sit and listen to some music and read for a while."

Lynn nodded, and I was surprised by her reaction. She had said she wanted to help me with a shower, so I really expected that to be first on her list of things to do.

"I'll go with you to be certain you get in there OK, and I'll leave you alone for a while. I know what you mean about missing alone time. I think we all need it sometimes."

I eased into my recliner with a little bit of a thump. Trying to sit down that low from crutches was not as easy as I had thought it was going to be. Getting back out was going to be a bear, I could tell. Just sitting, though felt so wonderful! I reached down and pulled the lever to raise the footrest and sighed. Lynn picked up my laptop and handed it to me, then she bent down and gave me a sweet kiss.

"I'll let you be for a while, Toomas. I think you will want to get that shower before dinner, though. Maybe about five-thirty?"

I looked at the clock on the laptop and then nodded. An hour of peace and quiet would be nice. Sgambati's First Symphony, nobody to bother me—all I needed was a cup of coffee.

"I'll bring you a cup of coffee and close your door." Lynn bent over with a gentle kiss and then left.

I remember hearing the end of the slow movement, totally enveloped in the haunting melody, and then I was awakened by a gentle kiss on the lips.

"I thought I'd find you here." Lynn's grin was infectious. "You'd better shake a leg, though. You need a shower and to get dressed for dinner. I laid out some clothes for you, but you can pick something different if you like. Drs. Anderson and Cook are coming for dinner, so it's a little more dressy than normal."

I groaned. It's not that I don't want to see either of those ladies, but I was kind of hoping for a quiet evening. Lynn was unperturbed, though, and calmly stripped her shirt off, preparatory to showering with me.

*************

Showering with Lynn was different. I couldn't put much weight on my bad leg, so I spent a lot of time holding onto the grab bars I had installed for Marja. For a moment, a pang of regret swept over me, but Lynn's embrace turned it into a fond memory as I enjoyed my first dual shower since Marja died. 

Of course, Lynn had been giving me complete sponge baths for a couple of weeks, but there is a huge difference between getting a sponge bath in bed, even from a nude CNA, and showering with her. Also, it was my first time getting to return the favor, and I relished the feeling of spreading the body wash over Lynn's soft skin. I made her moan more than once with my caresses. What I loved most, though, was shampooing her hair. It was something Marja looked forward to, and Lynn seemed to really enjoy it as well. She trapped my cock between her legs and leaned back into my chest while I gave her scalp a gentle massage with my fingertips and combed her hair between my fingers. Having to lean against the wall for support and holding myself on one leg grew tiring quickly, so we couldn't play in the shower as long as I would have liked, but it was fun.

Not being able to towel Lynn off after the shower was frustrating, but I made her giggle when I crutched back into the bedroom with my hard cock bobbing and waving.

When I sat on the edge of the bed, Lynn pushed me backwards and climbed atop me. "I was going to wait until tonight, but I can't. I've got to have you, Toomas. You have me so wet!" 

Her moist pussy slipped around Little Toomas as she straddled me. I couldn't help reaching up to tweak her engorged nipples, and she started bouncing up and down. "You feel so good in me, and the skin on your leg is so much nicer than that cast."

I was getting uncomfortable with my legs hanging off of the bed, so I lifted her off of me and swung my legs up. She wasn't to be denied, though, and climbed right back on top. "We don't have long, honey, so don't try to wait for me. I just had to have you."

Lynn stretched out atop me and rubbed her legs over both of mine and smooshed her breasts into my chest. For the first time, I was able to flex my pelvis evenly as I thrust up into her, but it wasn't enough. I rolled her over and started pounding into her from the top, which brought out a moan of pleasure. 

Her hips rocked to meet my thrusts and she gasped, "I didn't imagine how good this could be, Toomas." She grabbed my ass cheeks with her hands and pulled me tightly to her with each stroke before she wrapped her legs around my hips and pulled me into her with her feet.

I couldn't last long, but I did try to hold off as long as I could to give her as much pleasure as possible. I couldn't hold out long enough, though, and it was only moments before the inevitable happened and my release came. Her arms now around my chest pulled me down atop her as her feet did all they could to pull me into her, driving my seed in deep within.

I struggled manfully to hold myself off of her with my elbows, but she pulled me down fully atop her body and squeezed. An experimental rocking of her pelvis brought a little twitch from me in return, making her giggle. "Thank you, Toomas."

"But I didn't make you come."

"Silly. I didn't need to come. I just had to have you. You make me feel so loved. Feeling your hands on me in the shower almost had me coming in there. Besides, we have to get ready for dinner."

Dinner. Why does life get in the way just when you are enjoying yourself?

"Do we have to go? I'd rather stay right here."

"You're funny. I just love having you on top of me like this, but if you'll let me up, I'll get a washcloth and clean you up a little bit so we can get dressed. I don't want you going to the table smelling like pussy."

Reluctantly, I rolled off, and Lynn walked into the bathroom to moisten a cloth. I'll admit I enjoyed watching her walk to and from, unashamed in her nakedness. Little Toomas twitched a few times as she wiped him off, and then again when she bent over and kissed his head. "Thank you, Toomas." She looked up at my face with a little smile. "I owe you everything. I'm yours."

I sat and pulled her to me in a hug. "Sweetheart, you don't owe me a thing. I love you."

Tears were in her eyes as she shook her head. "Anytime I forget, all I have to do is look here," she gently touched the nearly healed bullet wound on my thigh. "If you had died, I couldn't have stood it, and I would have missed out on so much. No matter what happens, I'll never stop loving you." She bent down and gave the scar a gentle kiss, and I felt teardrops fall on my leg.

"Lynn." My voice was soft and gentle, and I pulled her back up to me. "You owe me nothing. If I had died that day, I wouldn't have been sorry, though I am so happy I didn't. You mean the world to me, and it is not because of what you do for me. It's because you are you. Don't ever forget that." I took a tissue from the night table and wiped her eyes. "Now, as much as I don't want to, we had better get dressed and go down to dinner."
