 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction concocted entirely within my imagination. Any resemblance to real people shouldn't be surprising since most of my stories are based on people I know. While I hope you enjoy this story and are compelled to provide feedback, I don't expect the subject matter will appeal to everyone who reads it. As such, I discourage venomous, nasty feedback full of violent wishes against essentially fictional characters in fictional situations. If this story does not appeal to you, there is undoubtedly one somewhere on Literotica that will, so your energy will be better spent on finding it rather than on vilifying me. Your opinions are welcome but your attacks are not.

Note: If you have not read them yet, there are seven previous chapters to this story. Eight if you count Cornhusker Granny, which you should read even if you don't count it. 

*

Lisa and I had managed to see each other just a couple of times since our first encounter at the Holiday Inn in Scottsbluff, Nebraska. It wasn't easy to sneak away from our families but the passion between us that we experienced that night was still burning hot. For her, living and working in the same small town didn't allow for many excuses to slip out of town for a night. For me, there was a big risk of running into my wife's family, so I had to lay low when I did manage to make it back to see Lisa. Given that, I was really surprised when I told her I'd be able to come up for one night during the week that she asked me to come by the Steel Grill.

"Lisa, as much as I'd love to come over for a beer just to see you," I told her, "it would be way too risky."

"I know and I wouldn't do anything to put what we have in jeopardy," she replied, "but I just need you to stop by and I promise I'll keep my eyes open for anybody who might know you. I don't typically see your family on weeknights, anyway."

"Okay," I finally acquiesced, "one beer and nothing to draw attention to me. You know I can't say no to you."

"Well, usually my requests are sex related," she replied, "and I'm not saying that this one isn't."

I had to see her before I got to the hotel, anyway, because we realized that, if she was going to use the excuse that she was staying at the Holiday Inn to not go home, she'd have to actually have a room and check in. Not that either of us expected that anyone would go checking on her, but we wanted to cover her ass just in case. I had assumed I'd just meet her in the parking lot of the Steel Grill to grab the key and room number then wait for her over there. Instead, I parked my car where I hoped the Colorado plates wouldn't stand out and slipped in the back door wrapped in a cloak of paranoia. I'd texted Lisa from the car, so she was nearby when I entered but didn't approach me immediately. I grabbed the barstool closest to the wall and ordered a beer.

When Lisa eventually swung by, trying to appear as though we were not much more than acquaintances, she brought one of the servers along with her and introduced us. Dawn was taller than Lisa with very impressive rack and a number of tattoos. She appeared to be partially either Latina or Native American based on her slightly darker skin, dark hair and dark eyes.

"So I wanted to ask you a favor," Lisa said, low enough that only Dawn and I could hear her, "Would you mind if Dawn joined us tonight? She hasn't been having any luck finding reliable action lately. You know how it is with small towns."

I'd heard the same lament about getting laid in a small town from a number of horny Nebraska women for a number of years and had always been willing to step up and do what I could to help. Even next to Lisa, Dawn was quite beautiful, so I was definitely interested in not only seeing her naked, but seeing them naked together.

"Shit, I don't even need to think about it," I replied, "Did you even imagine there was any chance that I'd say no?"

"Not once you got a look at her," Lisa confirmed, "which is why it was so important for you to stop by here tonight."

"Thank you," Dawn interjected, "You definitely won't regret it."

"I'm sure I won't," I replied, "but let's still be careful. I still need to take off after this beer."

I fully admit that I nursed that beer for a lot longer than I probably needed to but I was watching the two of them moving through the dining room as they worked while thinking about peeling off their clothes. Lisa checked on me a couple of times and Dawn also stopped by, rubbing her big breasts against my back each time, as though to remind me that she had them.

"You know, you don't have to try to entice me by rubbing those against me," I finally told her, "because I have every intention of licking and sucking your nipples, eating your pussy and sticking my cock inside you."

"Oh my God, I'm so wet," she replied.

"I can't tell you how much I wish I could stick my hand into your jeans to check that," I told her.

As she walked away, I couldn't help thinking about her panties, assuming she was wearing some, absorbing the juices that were flowing from her pussy. The next time Lisa stopped by, as I was getting ready to take off, she asked me to meet her out back in the parking lot so no one saw her handing me the hotel room key card. She headed out and I was not far behind her, so I was able to follow her to a dark area near the corner of the building that would afford us a bit of privacy. We made out for a moment and my cock grew hard as her tongue explored my mouth. Once we'd separated, she gave me the key card and I told her what I had done to Dawn then asked what the story was with the two of them.

"Instant chemistry, basically," she said, "but we didn't know enough about each other to know where it was going to go. It just seemed to make sense to have you involved not only because I figured you'd be into it but it also will help make things less awkward for the two of us."

"Happy to help," I replied, definitely feeling more than happy about the opportunity.

"I'm going to need to ask you another favor, though," she said, looking kind of sheepish.

"Of course," I replied, "Anything."

"There's no way I can wait until after closing," she said, "Can you just give it to me real quick right here?"

She was wearing a baseball jersey and leggings and, as she turned and leaned on the trunk of a nearby car, she pulled the jersey up high enough to expose her ass, which looked fantastic. I ran my hands over it then started sliding her leggings and panties down to expose it. I didn't take them all the way down, not wanting to make it awkward if we were interrupted and had to quit abruptly. Knowing time was of the essence, I also resisted running my hands over her smooth, bare cheeks and instead quickly extracted my cock, which was still hard, and guided it to her waiting pussy. She was incredibly wet so I slipped easily into her and, taking her by the hips, started fucking her hard and fast.

It was too dark to watch her ass jiggle each time my hips tapped it but I knew that, even with her bra, her tits were swinging so I reached up to get my hands on them. As I did, I could tell that she had reached down between her legs to stroke her clit, which made sense if she wanted to make sure that she got off. I cupped her boobs, feeling her hard nipples poking through her bra, then went ahead and unfastened her bra to free them. I savored the feel of the soft, smooth flesh as I continued fucking her hard and fast. She was pushing back against me and, judging by how her pussy was feeling even hotter and wetter, she was clearly nearing an orgasm. I was getting close, too, but it seemed like she was going to get there before I did and I was perfectly okay with that; I knew she would not leave me hanging.

When she let out a gasp and stopped pushing back against my thrusting, I felt her body trembling and knew that she was cumming. I continued to fuck her, savoring the increased slipperiness of her pussy while also still fondling her tits. I just needed a bit longer to blow my load into her but, once she'd finished cumming, she straightened up and my cock slipped out of her.

"I can't go back in there with your cum dripping out of me," she said, then kissed me before squatting down in front of me without even pulling her panties and leggings back up. She gripped the base of my cock and immediately wrapped her lips around it, sliding them down as I bit back a moan. I certainly had not forgotten how good of a cocksucker she was but her talent still surprised me each time my cock was engulfed in her mouth. There was no question that we wouldn't need to be out there much longer because as soon as she started sucking my cock, I could immediately feel my orgasm building. The level of pleasure she could provide with her mouth was outstanding and I savored it knowing I wouldn't last long, even though I knew we'd be together again in a few hours. I also expected that she would take advantage of the privacy later and exercise her expertise at drawing out my pleasure with a much longer blowjob so I wasn't displeased at having her providing a quick, though highly pleasurable, blowjob given the circumstances.

It wasn't long at all before my cock was swelling even more within the confines of her hot mouth as my orgasm loomed. She continued to slide her mouth up and down my tool while pumping the base as my breathing rate picked up. Finally, I exploded into her mouth, spurting my load down her throat as she swallowed without hesitation. She never let up until I was completely spent, only then letting my cock fall from her mouth. As she stood, she was pulling her panties and leggings back up so I got my softening cock tucked away, too.

"I'll let you know when we're on our way," she said while embracing me briefly, then was heading back inside. I crossed over to my car and drove the short distance to the Holiday Inn, parking in the back and using the key card to enter through the back door. Once inside the room, knowing that I had a few hours before they'd be done working, I set the alarm and stretched out on the king size bed, dozing almost immediately. When the alarm went off, I undressed and jumped in the shower to make sure I was fully awake when they arrived. I slipped into a pair of lounge pants and a t-shirt once I'd finished and awaited word from Lisa. It wasn't much longer before I got a text confirming that they were on their way. I propped the door open with the deadbolt and waited.

I stood as they entered the room, bolting the door behind them. Lisa and I made out, my hands going down to caress her sweet ass. I then turned to Dawn and, without any hesitation, we did the same. I was definitely pitching a tent in my lounge pants when we separated and they didn't fail to notice.

"Dawn, you've got a pretty sweet ass," I told her, "just like Lisa does."

"Thanks," she replied, blushing a little and appearing to be not quite sure what to do next.

"I definitely think you should fuck Dawn first," Lisa stated bluntly and benevolently.

"How about if Dawn rides my cock while you ride my tongue?" I asked, "After I undress you both, of course."

They were game so the first thing I did was raise Dawn's Steel Grill t-shirt over her head, revealing a lacy, sexy bra holding her luscious tits up. I fondled her tits through her bra, feeling her hard nipples pressing against the thin material. I reached behind her and unfastened it, my attention fully on her big tits as they were exposed. I was a little surprised when they dropped a bit with the removal of her bra because I had assumed that they were fake and would stand up against the forces of gravity. As they hung lower on her chest, it was obvious that they were quite real and quite spectacular. Her areolas were large and her nipples thick and hard. I reached out to fondle them again before lowering my head to lick and suck her nipples, which made her moan.

Since Lisa had invited Dawn to join us, I didn't expect that she'd begrudge my indulgence but I knew that Lisa's nipples would be begging to be sucked, too. Because I'd been thinking about Lisa's tits for weeks since we'd last seen each other and had only been thinking about Dawn's for a few hours, it was a little bit easier to step away from Dawn's, despite how incredible they were. I turned to Lisa and unbuttoned her baseball jersey, revealing the sexy bra I'd unfastened earlier that night but that she'd apparently refastened at some point. I fondled her tits through her bra then unfastened it again, revealing her succulent freckled tits. I admired them as I caressed the soft, smooth flesh and her hard nipples then lowered my head to lick and suck her nipples, causing her to moan just as Dawn had.

I spent about as much time on Lisa's nipples as I had on Dawn's before straightening up and letting them see how much harder my cock had become. They were both as excited as I was so I needed to get them undressed completely. Hunkering down in front of Lisa, I slid her leggings and panties down together, revealing her well-groomed brown bush. I squeezed her bare ass as I kissed her hips and lower abdomen before standing up while she kicked her leggings and panties aside. As I brought a hand around from her ass to check how wet her pussy was, I told her how I was going to devour it and that I was going to be fucking her ass later. She whimpered in response. I kissed her then turned back to Dawn again and started opening her jeans. I slid them down and, as my hands passed over her bare ass cheeks, I realized she was wearing thong panties. After she'd kicked her jeans away, I had her turn and show her ass to Lisa and me, revealing a tramp stamp on her lower back.

When I started sliding her thong panties down, I discovered more tattooing on her lower abdomen as well as a distinct lack of fur as her pussy was revealed. It turned out that her pussy was completely smooth so, though I knew I was about to fuck it, I was already looking forward to licking it, too. I reached around to squeeze her ass as I kissed around her pussy as I had Lisa's then stood. With the two of them fully naked, I turned and stepped up onto the bed then, facing them again and staring at their luscious bodies, I dropped my lounge pants, releasing my throbbing tool. I kicked my lounge pants away and lowered myself to the bed while stripping off my t-shirt. They crawled onto the bed, their tits swinging, as I lay on my back in the middle of it and watched.

Dawn straddled me and guided my cock toward her smooth pussy as Lisa continued moving further up the bed. She turned to look as Dawn moaned, her hot, slippery pussy engulfing my cock. She sat there for a moment as Lisa and I stared at her hot body then started to slowly move up and down. Lisa resumed moving up toward my head and her pussy was soon looming over my face so, as I gazed up at her tits swinging above, I ran my tongue up her slit, tasting her pungent juices and causing her to moan. I brought my hands up to caress Lisa's bare ass while I lapped at her slit but soon brought one hand down between her legs and slipped a couple of fingers easily into her slippery pussy. With both of them being so horny and having had several hours to think about what was waiting for them after work, I didn't expect the first orgasm for either one of them to take very long. As I pumped my fingers in and out of Lisa's slick pussy, I started to lick and suck her clit, making her moan even louder. The last time we'd been in that hotel, she'd been trying obviously to keep quiet, but she must have thrown that out the window this time.

As I was focused on pleasuring Lisa, I was also savoring the feel of Dawn's pussy sliding up and down my tool and continuing to become even wetter and more engorged the longer she rode me. I wasn't pushing up into her; I just let her set the pace and it hadn't taken long before she was riding me hard and fast. It wasn't much different with Lisa, though, as she humped her pussy toward my face. As her pussy was also becoming wetter and more engorged the longer I fingered her and licked her clit, she was rocking her hips more rapidly. They were both getting closer and closer to cumming, so it just remained a question of which one would cum first, the one who'd been anticipating longer or the one who'd gone so long without any action.

I was neither surprised nor disappointed when it turned out to be Lisa and she let out a cry as her body started shaking. Of course I continued to lick her clit and finger her pussy as she was cumming and would have kept going through another orgasm or more if she'd wanted me to. When she finished riding out her orgasm, though, she climbed off of my face and turned toward Dawn, lowering her head toward Dawn's smooth pussy. As Dawn continued riding me hard and I watched her succulent tits bouncing, Lisa started licking Dawn's clit. Dawn let out an even louder and longer moan while her pussy somehow managed to become even hotter and wetter. I still wasn't quite in danger of cumming yet, but I was definitely more focused on enjoying the pleasurable feeling of Dawn's pussy sliding up and down my cock.

When Dawn dropped down and just sat there on my cock, I could see her body trembling as she was cumming. Lisa continued licking her clit which may have drawn out what appeared to be an intense orgasm even longer. When Dawn finally stopped trembling and let out a sigh, Lisa raised her head.

"I'm not done," she said, looking Dawn in the eye, "I'm going to eat your sweet pussy some more."

Dawn climbed off of my cock and Lisa had her sit up against the pillows propped against the headboard with her legs spread wide. As she was positioning herself on all-fours with her head between Dawn's legs, I reached into my nearby bag and extracted a small tube of lube, which I'd had the foresight to bring along. I set it close by on the bed as I knelt behind her, not intending to use it immediately. I admired Lisa's ass then ran my hands over it as my gaze moved up to Dawn's luscious tits. Dawn's eyes were closed and she was moaning, so Lisa obviously was at least somewhat talented when it came to eating pussy. I had no idea whether she had any previous experience but I doubted that this would be her only foray between another woman's legs.

Assuming that eating pussy would also get her pretty worked up herself, I was anxious to slip into Lisa and find out for sure. I guided my cock toward her pussy and eased it all the way in until my hips were touching her sweet ass. Even after having just had my cock inside Dawn, Lisa's pussy still felt amazing, maybe in part just because it had been a while but mostly because she was just so hot and wet. I started to slowly slide my cock in and out, savoring the pleasurable feeling and watching her ass jiggle slightly each time my hips tapped it. As I got into a good rhythm, I slipped my hands up from her waist to cup her swinging tits, feeling her hard nipples against my palms. She was pushing back against my incoming thrusts but we maintained a steady pace for the moment.

When I felt the time was right, I released her tits and reached for the lube then, while continuing to fuck her, spread some over her asshole. She was moaning louder as she felt her asshole being stimulated and I suspect she'd been anticipating it. Once I felt it was sufficiently lubed, I squeezed more into my hand and, slipping my cock from her juicy pussy, quickly slathered it along my shaft and around my head. I lined my cockhead up with her asshole and eased it inside as she let out a loud cry of pleasure. Once my full length was inside her, I started to slowly fuck her ass. The tightness combined with all of the lube had an orgasm beginning to build within me almost immediately. Apparently I was not the only one, however, because after only a few strokes of the full length of my shaft, Lisa let out another cry and her body started shaking like crazy.
