 Chapter 1 -- Lonely Saturday night

It was almost 2am on Saturday night and the click of stilettos echoed in the empty parking lot, breaking the late-night silence and awaking a drunken hobo, lying on the pavement in a delirious slumber.

"Hey princess, what's a pretty girl like you doing out all alone at this time of night?" The scruffy drunk shouted from the curb. "Looking for a good time?" He relapsed into laughter.

The attractive young woman ignored him and briskly made her way towards the only car in the parking lot -- a shiny Mercedes SLK. She got in quickly and sped away from the office building, heading home.

Work was Rose Griffin's entire life. She was a driven and intelligent woman, with vision and hunger for success. Usually the first one to arrive at the office in the morning and the last one to leave at night (or rather -- the next morning), her efforts and no-nonsense approach did not go unnoticed and she had quickly risen through the ranks, using both her brains and her looks to set a precedent and become not only a rare female promoted to upper management, but to do so at the young age of 26.

There was a price to pay, of course, the workload and responsibilities grew proportionately with her status, slowly eating away at all other aspects of her life, until work was the only thing left. The only chance Rose got to socialise was at corporate functions and her last relationship was only a distant memory from nearly five years ago -- back in college. In fact, she rarely took a day off -- even on weekends, she would often come in the office.

It was a routine that would cause most people to burn out within a month, but Rose had managed it for years, and even though she now had enough money and power to do anything her heart desired, her heart's desires had slowly been eroded away under the relentless power of her ambition.

At 2am on a Saturday night, alone in her luxurious executive apartment, beautiful Rose had a rare chance to wind down for the first time in three weeks. With a glass of wine in her hand, she crashed down on the couch, flicking through the channels on TV.  

As usual, nothing worthwhile was on -- manipulated news, testosterone-filled sports, bad movies, infomercials, cheesy sitcoms -- Rose left it on some movie channel, showin a crap, low-budget movie. She sipped her wine and relaxed back into the soft couch. Before long her heavy eyelids shut and she dozed off.

Rose startled herself awake a few minutes later, her glass still in her hand, amazingly, still upright with its contents safely inside. She left it on the coffee table and reached for the remote, ready to head to bed, but the TV screen caught her attention.

Amused, she stared at the late-night erotic flick that she had unwittingly switched to earlier. It was in the middle of a scene involving a librarian giving more than friendly service to one of the library's patrons. Amid bookshelves, the girl, who had a body of a stripper, seemed in pretend ecstasy, as a hunk was thrusting at her from behind, in an equally exaggerated manner. A cheesy soundtrack added another dimension of silliness. Funnily enough, Rose found herself turned on by the movie and excitedly watched on.

There was no place for romance and sex in the life of the young business executive. In almost five years, she had not had a lasting relationship. Not for lack of interest -- Rose was a naturally beautiful woman, and amidst her impossibly busy schedule, she made sure she kept in great shape, so she attracted plenty of male attention. 

The reason was simple -- sexiness was a powerful weapon in a male-dominated industry. Enduring the daily discrimination and harassment that often went with being an attractive career woman, Rose knew how to use her charms strategically, when she needed to influence someone's opinion. From subtle things like a gentle touch on the hand during a conversation, or flashing a charming smile, to more blatantly making sure that an extra button on her shirt was unbuttoned, or that her skirt was the perfect length so it was still professional but provocative at the same time. She was always amused at the profound effect she could have on men but always maintained a level of dignity just a notch above being considered a cock-tease.

Rose's sex life was limited to sporadic moments like this -- stumbling upon something like a movie or a magazine would call out to her carefully suppressed instincts and remind her of her unattended sexual needs.

Eyes still glued to the TV, Rose unzipped her skirt and slid it off to the floor. Her fingers crept inside her panties, and she caressed her swollen clit. Almost involuntarily, her hips bucked against her hand as the hyper sensitive spot responded to the much needed attention by making her pussy tingle. Soon she was "attacking" her clit with all four fingers -- rubbing up and down, in a circle, gently slapping it, as her horniness escalated.

Rose ran her finger along her pink slit and dipped it in her wet pussy. Her mind, overpowered with lust, was now superimposing her own image on the girl from the movie. She imagined herself leaning against a dusty old bookshelf, skirt crumpled high above the waist, and her full breasts bouncing in the same rhythm as the muscular stud slammed his cock in and out of her pussy from behind. 

She was now fingering herself with two fingers -- sliding them in and out of her soaked pussy. It wasn't enough. Rose needed something bigger. Her purse was on the coffee table. She rummaged through it and found a deodorant can -- thin and long -- rather unorthodox but it would do. 

During these erratic episodes of lust, Rose, the elegant and professional yuppie momentarily ceased to exist. Her darker side overcame her, putting her in a state where she would do anything to reach a climax. Fittingly for her temporary persona, she shoved the impromptu dildo into her cunt. As it swiftly sank into her, its coolness gave her gooseflesh. She moaned in pleasure as she worked it inside her engorged pussy. Her free hand squeezed her breasts -- still clad in a silk shirt and a lacy bra -- then made its way down to her clit, where she rapidly brought herself closer and closer to an orgasm. 

On the TV, in a "clever" twist, the librarian and her lover were joined by what seemed to be the manager and a security guard. The actress' fake enthusiasm was elevated a few notches and Rose's authentic enthusiasm followed suit. In her fantasy there were now three men, taking turns fucking her. She was just a dirty piece of ass, tossed around, at the discretion of the men.

She lost track of what was fantasy and what was reality. The idea of being manhandled by a group of men, never having occurred to Rose before, sent her into a screaming orgasm. Her pussy clenched tightly against her "scented dildo". Her clit, swollen and excited to the brink, finally unleashed wave after wave of pleasure, making her body shiver and tingle as the orgasmic trance beset her, keeping a hold on her for what seemed like forever, before she finally settled down, sinking deep into the couch.

Chapter 2 -- Friendly Advice

Rose slept restlessly, only for a few hours, and was up again with the sun. She caught her mind constantly drifting back to the previous night's events. She had experienced her first orgasm in many months and the most powerful one without the aid of a living, throbbing dick. She was satisfied but still hungry for more. It was an unusual state of mind for the young woman. Normally she didn't give these uncontrolled moments of passion a second thought -- no sooner than they were over, were they buried into her subconscious, together with the primal urges which sparked them in the first place. Worryingly, this one stuck. 

Rose was very distracted as she went for a jog in the nearby park. Normally jogging helped her clear her mind and focus -- that Sunday morning it did not help. She had to admit, she was hot and bothered and she decided to consult with Megan, the only friend she had managed to keep over the years, as soon as she got home and took a cold shower.

"Hey, Rosey, I haven't heard from you in ages, busy at work or something?" Megan answered her phone cheerfully. 

"Very funny, Meg, you know how I am."

"Yeah, I know. All work and no play! How've you been? We must catch up sometime, I miss you."

"Well, actually, how does breakfast in about an hour sound? I... I think I need your advice with something."

"What! Miss Emancipation herself needs advice?" Megan giggled. "Sure thing honey, meet you at the usual place at 10?"

"Great, see you there."

In many ways, Megan was the diametric opposite of Rose -- a typical high-class trophy wife. She had no interest in pursuing any meaningful career or education. Right out of high-school, she married a rich, but very dull, man whose money she was more than eager to flaunt. She spent most of her time partaking or organising parties and social functions for her suburban soccer mom community. Megan usually had only one thing on her mind -- sex. She was unashamedly frank about sleeping around behind her husband's back, which made Rose somewhat uncomfortable. It seemed like the only thing the women had in common, was that they were both drop dead gorgeous. But opposites attract, and so Rose and Megan had nurtured a friendship that stretched back for many years.

"So what's up?" Megan asked after the initial pleasantries had been exchanged and the women had placed their orders with an especially handsome young waiter, whom Megan didn't miss the chance to make eyes at.

"Well it's a bit embarrassing." Rose tried to compose herself. "But last night I saw this movie... and it made me really horny."

"Well honey, if I hadn't had any sex in as long as you, seeing a cucumber would make me really horny. Was it a porn flick?"

Rose was slightly embarrassed. She nodded.

"Normally I just... you know... take care of it, and I'm fine." Rose paused. "But now I can't stop thinking about it."

"So what's the problem?" Megan winked.

"Look, I need this to go away, so I can get on with my life."

"Sweetie, what you need is to get laid." Megan said it just as the waiter came back with their drinks. He gave the ladies a sly smile.

"What! No, I don't have time for a relationship. I could never make it work."

"Who's talking about a relationship? What century are you living in? Just grab the next stud that comes by and fuck his brains out." Again Megan timed her words perfectly with the waiter walking past their table, this time he couldn't contain the large grin on his face as he walked by.

Rose was a bit shocked, she was comfortable with her femininity and knew how to flirt very well, but in truth, she had never explored her sexuality fully. Now her mind was suddenly full of thoughts of sex, sex, and nothing but sex. Worst of all, her body was responding to her thoughts and she had no idea how to handle it.

"Darling, you've wasted half of what's supposed to be your wildest years working 20 hour days. If I were your pussy, I'd also be going 'what the fuck?' right now." Megan continued. "I mean how long has it been since you got a proper screw? 5 years? You were still in college for god's sakes. I'm surprised you haven't gone completely mad yet!"

Rose, almost in shame, avoided her friend's eyes. She never expected that not taking care of her womanly needs would catch up with her.

"You're probably right, but I don't know how..."

"Please, don't act like you haven't looked in the mirror." Megan interrupted. "You're a total stunner, you could just flutter those pretty eyes of yours at a man and his dick will explode."

They both laughed and seamlessly the topic of conversation slipped away from Rose's "problem". They had breakfast and caught up on the previous few months they hadn't seen each other. Finally, while paying, Megan took up the topic again.

"Look, about your problem... stop being such a stuck up cunt and go get some action."

Rose stared at her friend, speechless.

"And if you don't know how to go about it, don't worry it is surprisingly easy for girls like us. Sometimes you don't even have to say a single word." Megan said with a mischievous glint in her eyes.

The waiter brought back her credit card and she said.

"Now if you'll excuse me, honey, I'm gonna go grab some dessert." With that, her hand casually veered to the man's crotch and she rubbed his dick through his pants as she got up and went towards the bathrooms. Sheepishly, the guy followed her inside as Rose left the restaurant in dismay.

Chapter 3 -- Self reflection

A month had passed since that strange Saturday night and the subsequent conversation with Megan. Rose had found it incredibly difficult to slip back into her normal rhythm of life. She had begun playing with herself almost every night, and instead of relieving her, she found that the sexual frustration was actually elevating more and more each day.

Her friends' advice was also etched into her brain. Rose knew there was some truth to Megan's words -- it was down-right crazy for a beautiful young woman in her prime to lead a celibate life. However Rose also knew that merely having sex was not the issue. She remembered the movie she saw and her reaction to it all too well. Initially she was excited, yes, but what had really sent her into this inexplicable lustful state of mind was the appearance of the other two men. The gang bang scene. One girl mercilessly devoured by a group of sexual predators.

In her life, Rose had to always be in control of every situation -- pedantic, planned, being on top of everything that gets thrown her way. The concept of losing control -- of getting a little more than you bargained for, of being in a situation that spirals out of your hands -- was unthinkable. 

It didn't take long to figure it out -- she just became painfully aware of the imbalances of her lifestyle. It scared her to think about it, but she couldn't deny it. She needed a way to let go of the reigns and go with the flow. It had taken root in her sexual fantasies because it was the only possible way that the submission of control could be combined with extreme pleasure.

Now Rose faced an impossible dilemma -- giving into her urges would directly contradict everything she thought she was, in a way, voiding all her achievements and successes. On the other hand, she knew that she could not control her urges any longer -- for a month her performance at work had been sub-par. People were starting to take notice. Her entire life could crumble away if she continued to ignore the need for change.

Maybe the solution was simpler than she thought. Maybe she didn't even need to do anything herself. A simple search on the internet revealed an abundance of material, she could enjoy, in the safety of her own home. For weeks, Rose was absolutely fascinated by what she found. 

There were countless pictures and videos of all kinds of girls subjected to every nasty form of group sex imaginable -- she saw women getting fucked by two, three, four, as many as fifteen men at a time. There were women ravaged by groups of black men. Some of them were professional porn actresses, some of them were amateurs -- picked up on the street, or even housewives getting gangbanged while their husbands watched. Some were ugly, some were beautiful. Some were nasty skanks, some seemed so innocent -- it was a bit unreal to see them do what they did. Sometimes they got covered by a layer of cum so thick you couldn't even make out their facial features anymore. Sometimes the men peed on them. Sometimes the women were treated nicely, other times they were humiliated and roughed up. By the end of a scene, the girl had usually been fucked in every possible position; a cock (sometimes even more than one) had stretched open every one of her holes. 

The women had an indescribable aura about them -- an aura Rose could identify with. It had to be a special kind of woman to do this, Rose reasoned, sure, most of them get paid to do it, but somehow she knew that money had very little to do with why they partook in a gang bang. There was something more to it. It was about completely surrendering to the situation and experiencing it in its extremity -- whether through pleasure, pain, degradation, or a mixture of all three.

'They're sluts!' Rose thought 'and I am one too.' The irony of her admission did not elude her. There she was -- a woman who had not been with a man in years; a woman who always presented herself as a proper lady, in every situation; a woman too beautiful, intelligent and sophisticated to be labelled as a slut. Yet slut she was. And after almost two months of deliberation and self-reflection, Rose knew that the time of passive observation had to be drawing to an end.

Chapter 4 -- Surrender

"Yes, I'd like to see Mr. Griffin?"

"You mean Miss Griffin." The secretary corrected the nerdy-looking man. "Have you got an appointment?"

"Well, I'm from IT and I got a message there was a problem with her computer. I'm here to check it out."

"Hold on." The secretary picked up the phone "Miss Griffin, IT support's here about your computer."

Rose was surprised, she wasn't aware that there was a problem with her computer. She had a meeting in a few minutes, so she thought she'd let them fix it while she was away.

"Ok, let him in."

"Go right through there, second door on the right." The secretary directed the man through a passageway.

Clive wasn't sure what to make of the fact that this R.Griffin was a woman. He had the habit of going through all the higher-ups' internet logs, to see what smut he could find. It was surprising how many of the old geezers went to some very dodgy sites and they didn't want people to find out, so they'd give him pretty much anything he wanted -- a raise, a company car, a new computer -- just little things to make his life more enjoyable. This month Clive had found what seemed like a gold mine. Pages and pages of porn sites, all logged under R.Griffin's account. It was nasty stuff -- all the links he'd opened showed some hapless little tramp getting her insides jumbled up by a group of men.

Immediately, Clive concluded that one of two things had happened. Either someone was using Miss Griffin's account to browse these sites, or Miss Griffin was some nasty dyke. 

Then he walked into Rose's office. And the dyke theory flew out the window. He had to take a moment to regain his composure. If someone had asked Clive that very moment to come up with a list of people in the company, who would get off on the kind of stuff he'd seen in that log, the angel sitting at the desk would be right at the bottom of it. Of course he would be wrong but he didn't know that.

"Morning Ma'am." He started.

"Good morning." Rose smiled warmly "Look, I've got a meeting in a couple of minutes, so you can have a look at my computer then. What's wrong with it?"

"Um, actually there's nothing wrong with your computer, ma'am. But I have a suspicion someone's hacked into your account and visited some very inappropriate websites under your name."

Rose's heart skipped a beat. How could she be so stupid, browsing porn at work, when she knew about the strict policies the company had. 

"Oh," she mustered "wh...what kind of websites?"

"Porn, ma'am." Rose was already in damage control mode. Her mind raced, trying to find a way to prevent the imminent scandal. The man already seemed to think that it wasn't her, which was a good start... "There are some real sickos out there." Clive said, confusing the lady's shock of being busted with shock that people watch porn.

"Tell me about it." Rose tried to keep her composure and appear none the wiser. "Any idea who might've done it?" Me, me, me, she screamed inside her head. To her amazement, from her fear, exhilaration was emerging. She could be discovered and if this became public, she would be in a world of trouble and shame. She would have to leave the company and her reputation would be ruined. And it all depended on whether or not she could keep this guy fooled.
