 Nathan was mowing his yard when from his periphery, he spotted his wife, Daniela, sticking her raven-haired head through the cracked backdoor and was waving. She was from the Virgin Islands. She had black hair, a sun-kissed complexion, and attire that often included green or orange dresses with white palm trees and flowers. Nathan met her while on vacation seven years ago. They stayed in contact when he went back to the States and eventually picked her up to live with him permanently. Nathan fit the nice guy, laid back mold, but around a woman that he connected with like Daniela, he turned into a wild animal on the dancefloor and in the bed. Daniela was unlike her hubby in that her wildness and outgoing spirit was usually stuck in the "on" position. They had enough in common and in contrast to make the perfect couple if there was one. 

Her lips were moving but the only thing Nathan heard was the sputtering of his mower's motor. 

He turned off the machine and waved back at his better half. "Hey, honey! I just finished!" 

"Good! Andie is here! She wants to see you!" 

"On my way!" Nathan rolled the mower into the shed. 

Nathan's cock twitched every time she mentioned Andie's name and he had the same reaction when he saw her. Like his wife, he was over fifteen years her senior. A sense of guilt rose within him but so did his carnal lust. 

Andie was the babysitter for their one year old baby boy. She was a natural with kids as they seemed to smile upon sight of her and she had a gift for tranquilizing their outbursts. She also happened to have a smart head on her shoulders and was so damn cute and innocent. 

What's wrong with me? 

Nathan couldn't figure it out. His significant other was toned, five foot ten, and her breasts and ass filled out her dresses enough to cause double and triple takes from men and women. She was quite the looker and no two people were better made for each other. That had Nathan asking himself why he had eyes for an eighteen year old. An attractive eighteen year old with a high IQ but an eighteen year old nonetheless. 

Daniela placed an online ad for a babysitter a couple of months prior. They interviewed five candidates but they fell for Andie the moment she spoke. They damn near needed a hearing aid to hear the stammering words from her timid nature but it was their content that snared the couple. Her shyness was also endearing. 

Andie was a month away from graduating high school. She needed to babysit so she could save money for college. She crossed her fingers to get a scholarship so she could get a degree to teach English. It didn't matter to her that she could make more money being in a hundred other professions. She thought she couldn't put a price on educating the future. 

Andie's brown eyes sparkled when she talked about how much love she had for kids. When Nathan placed Tyler in her arms and he laughed and cooed, they didn't need to interview anyone else. 

Andie was a couple inches over five feet and had brown hair that touched her shoulders. She was a plain shirt, blue jeans, and sneakers kind of girl. Her breasts were small as was her little butt but she had to be the prettiest young woman Nathan had seen. The purple-framed glasses sitting on her nose only added to it and showcased her intellect. She was on the school newspaper staff and was in every academic club. She counted Nathan and Daniela as friends not to mention they let her make as much dough babysitting as she wanted. 

After mowing the lawn, Nathan raced through the kitchen and into the family room to find Andie rocking Tyler in her arms. Nathan melted into a puddle. 

"Hi, Andie. How was school?" Nathan asked as he offered a hand. 

Andie lifted her head from Tyler enough to find his hand and hold it. She widened her eyes as if to take in more of his physique but she quickly returned to tending to the little one. 

"Hello, Mr. Collins. School was okay but I'm ready for college for now." 

Nathan held onto her hand, which felt like whipped cream. "High school hasn't been much of a challenge for you has it?" 

"Nah, but I have to do it. I would rather stay here with you guys and take care of Tyler." 

"That's sweet of you to say. Are you trying to get a raise?" 

Andie giggled. "Hehe. No, sir. I'm being honest." 

Daniela was standing at the sofa's side. "Thank you, Andie, for taking care of Tyler. We're not going anywhere tonight but we'll be busy around the home so I appreciate you watching him." 

"It's no problem. I'm happy to do it," Andie said as she gave Tyler some tickles under his chin. 

Nathan's tank top was sweat-stained and he smelled of musk and grass. He needed a shower as bad as anyone needed one but he couldn't help but stand there and think bad things about his sitter. He loved his wife but there was something about being inside a sweet, young, innocent woman. 

Daniela tapped on his temple, which snapped him from his entrancement. "Earth to Nathan! Earth to Nathan! Is anyone home?" 

Nathan stormed past her and marched for the bathroom. "Yeah, yeah..." 

He stripped off his clothes the moment his shoes hit the bathroom tile. He opened the walk-in shower door and fired up the steamy water stream as quickly as he could get it on. He outstretched his arms and leaned against the wall to let the shower relieve him of his sweat and grime. His body was revitalized in seconds but his mind was still dirty as freaking hell. His manhood was aching from thoughts of being inside Andie and when he looked down, he was at attention like it was ready for her now. 

Nathan's well-crafted body displayed his lifestyle. He was always on the move whether it was doing things around the house, running miles a day, or working at his profession. His wife still ogled over him five years after tying the knot.

He was self—made wealthy from real estate. Not quite a millionaire but he was on his way. He made enough that Daniela didn't have to work but she wasn't the type to spend her day watching soap operas. She went around reselling yard sale trinkets on the net. It wasn't much but it at least kept her occupied. 

Nathan and Daniela may have had stocks, bonds, and mutual funds, but they were Andie's age at heart and they looked to find a way to add some thrill to their lives. Thrills their babysitter might be able to provide... 

Nathan leaned back and let the spray patter his torso and legs. A figure entered the room and he could see the colors of his wife's dress opposite the opaque shower door. That dress dropped to the floor. 

"Hey, honey. I thought you needed some company," Daniela said as she opened the door and stepped into the downpour and steam. 

Nathan turned towards his wife and his cock came more alive if that was possible. "Oh, shit! Your body could give a man a heart attack." 

"Aww, you're too sweet." Daniela grabbed the body wash from the showerhead caddy, squeezed some on a sponge, and lathered his front. Nathan sighed and exhaled. "But, I'm not the only one you think is hot." 

Nathan hung his chin. "I love you." 

Daniela jerked on his erection. He gasped and his thighs clenched. 

"So, who caused him to get excited? Was it me or our employee out there?" 

Nathan was shaking and his manhood was pulsing with arousal but Daniela stopped short of making him fire his jets. 

"I'm sorry for thinking those cheating thoughts." 

Daniela rubbed his scalp with Head and Shoulders until it made a white cap. "Hehe. You can be too nice sometimes. She's a hot little thing and you didn't lose your testosterone last I checked. She's innocent but a little too innocent. Maybe she needs someone to break her in." 

Shock struck Nathan and his lips numbed for a few seconds. "What? What did you say?" 

"She can't go to college like this. I bet she doesn't know the first thing about how to please a man or a woman. She needs more education than what's found in those books. We could teach her some lessons." 

Was his wife cosigning most men's dream? There was not a question that he married the best woman in the world. 

Nathan chuckled. "You're worse than I am. You've been looking at her, too, haven't you?" Daniela smirked but flipped her husband and washed his back. "How do you think we should do this?" 

Daniela reached around and played his cock again. "You need to first admit that you want Andie. It's fine. I'm not mad. I promise. 'I want to fuck Andie.' Say it." Nathan looked around and hesitated. Daniela stroked him more. "Don't you want Andie doing this to you?" 

Nathan was sure he was going to regret going along with the statement about her not being mad. Maybe not now but later after she gave it some thought, she could rage about it. Andie pushed him to go with her flow. At least Daniela seemed to have thoughts about their babysitter, too. 

Nathan said, "We toyed with the idea of a threesome when we were dating but not since we married. Do you still..." Daniela spun him by the waist and smothered him in kisses. He challenged her with some of his own. When he pulled away, he had drumming in his chest. "Okay, I want to fuck Andie but you're the most beautiful wife any man could want." 

Daniela smiled, slapped his pecs, and lifted her left ring finger. "Flattery will get you everywhere. You know who your woman is." 

Nathan said, "I know who you are, my love. Do you think she's had sex before?" 

"The poor girl is probably afraid of her own shadow. When she first came to us, she shook so bad I thought she was going to have a nervous breakdown. You're talking about her getting undressed in front of someone." 

Nathan imagined what Andie looked like without her clothes in the way. "But, she doesn't freak out around us anymore." 

Daniela looked as though a bell rang in her mind. "I know what you're saying you bad boy. Leave this to me." 

An hour later, Nathan had hit the road to meet potential buyers for one of his properties. 

Daniela was prancing to the dining room with evil intentions and to "check on her son" who was in his cradle next to Andie. She had a textbook open and was writing something on a sheet of paper. 

Daniela knelt and looked at her precious son snooze but she had one eye on her sitter. "What kind of homework do you have?" 

Andie glanced at her book but her fingers didn't stop. "Anatomy. We have to explain the systems of the body. It's so exciting!" 

Daniela shook her head. Tsk, tsk, tsk. Poor girl. That was probably the height of the excitement in her life. 

"Mrs. Collins?" Andie asked in her typical sweet voice. 

"Yes, Andie?" 

"Can you quiz me?" She was already handing her the sheet with her notes on it. 

Daniela was searching for an opening to ask her some questions of her own but of the more personal type. She was tiptoeing a dangerous line as she didn't want her to become uncomfortable and flee but she also wanted her to submit to her and Nathan's devious desires. Daniela sounded comfortable doing that when talking to her husband but in reality, she'd never approached someone of the same sex and not anyone Andie's age. Her stomach was churning herself into a cramp but the wickedness and thrill of what she was doing pushed her to see how far she could get.

Daniela took the notes. "Sure, I'll quiz you." She scanned the paper. Her handwriting was as neat as if it was typed. "What does the muscular system do?" 

Andie smiled. "Okay, I got that one! It helps you move and creates heat." 

"Very good. What about the male reproductive system?" 

Andie fidgeted in her seat and looked uncomfortable. "It helps him make babies." 

"Okay and what organs does it consist of?" 

Andie lowered her voice. "His penis and testes." 

"Or you could say his cock and balls." Daniela was intentionally crude to see what she would do. Andie almost looked terrified. "If you don't mind me asking, do you have a boyfriend?" 

"No, ma'am." 

"Didn't you go to the prom?" 

"Yes, ma'am but he's not my boyfriend but we, um..." 

Daniela opened her ears wider. "You what?" She took Andie's hand. Her reaction was to jerk it away but Daniela tightened her grip before she could escape. "It's okay. Talk to me." 

Andie hung her head. "We did some things we shouldn't have." 

"Like what?" 

Andie spoke but no one more than five feet from her could have heard her. "He...um...was inside me but it wasn't for long. I didn't want to do it but I couldn't stop myself. I'm scared to do it again. My parents found out and yelled at me. They're the most conservative family on the planet." 

At least she's not a virgin. What a surprise. 

The surprise gave Daniela something to work with. "You couldn't stop yourself because you wanted to do it. You could have said no and walked away. Am I right?" 

Andie nodded. "Yes, ma'am." 

"How did it happen?" 

Andie flushed and played with her hair. "He rented a hotel room and he invited me there to watch movies with him but when we got there, he held me and started kissing me. He was feeling my back and grabbed my butt. He pulled my dress off my shoulders and kissed my neck and my shoulders. After that, he felt my breasts then he tore off my bra and sucked on them. Oh, no. I shouldn't be talking about this! I'm sorry! Please don't fire me!" 

Andie was radiating cherry red and her breathing increased. She was getting turned on but it may have put her in panic mode. Daniela was surging between her legs and her panties were growing wetter. Andie's detail must have meant she'd been thinking about it. 

She caressed Andie's hand until she calmed down. "No, it's fine. I asked you about it, remember?" 

"Okay." 

Daniela leaned away. "So, you liked it." 

Andie rested her forehead against her hand. "Yes, ma'am." 

"Do you like girls, too?" 

"I...don't...know," Andie stuttered. "I never thought about it." 

Daniela straightened her spine, thrust her breasts towards Andie, and flipped her hair. "Do you think I'm pretty?" 

Andie's breaths were uneven and she trembled as she checked her out. "Um hum. You're very pretty." 

"What about my husband? What do you think of him?" 

"He's always nice to me and asks me how my day was. He helps me with my homework." 

"Isn't he a darling? I meant do you think he looks good?" 

Andie asked, "If I answer, will that get me fired?" 

Daniela grinned. "No. Were you going to say he looks like a snaggletooth toad or something?" 

"No, Mrs. Collins. He's really cute." 

"You haven't seen him when he rolls out of bed in the morning." Andie smiled but laughed when following Daniela's lead. "Let's continue with your quiz..." 

A couple of hours later, Andie was face-first in her textbook snoozing and drooling. She had studied herself to exhaustion. Daniela scampered to her room to report the results of "Operation: Seduce Babysitter" to her hubby. 

She was shaking in anxiousness as it took him to the last ring before voicemail to pick up. 

"Hey, honey," Nathan answered in his deep, exaggerated sexy voice. "You're not behaving are you?" 

"Hi sexy. Of course I'm not!" Daniela held the speaker closer to her mouth and talked quieter. "Listen, I was able to get Andie to open up a little. She's not a virgin. Can you believe it?" 

Nathan's surprised shot through the phone. "What? Unbelievable." 

Daniela kept peeking at her door. "Yeah, but her family is probably religious. I don't think they believe in her doing anything outside of the straight and narrow. She said they yelled at her but she liked the sex so we might be able to interest her in some playtime with us. When are you coming back?" 

"You're the best, sweetheart. I'm almost finished showing a couple a house. I'll be home soon." 

"I was thinking you could pick Andie up from school tomorrow and go for an ice cream or something to get in some...bonding time. She said you were cute after all." 

"Oh, really? Hmm, okay, but I think we should be careful. We want to corrupt her so good that she wants it more than us. At the same time, we want her to be able to focus on college without being too much of a sex fiend." 

Daniela was giddy in elation. "I'll leave it to you to use the right touch. I feel so bad doing this but I love it, too. It is for her own good." 

"Yes! I love you. I'll be back soon. Bye." 

"I love you, too. Bye..." 

The next afternoon, Nathan waited at Andie's high school for dismissal time. He was killing time on his phone setting up appointments and communicating with his clientele. His mind had wandered into his work when Andie's joyous greeting almost had him hitting the top of the SUV and trying to disguise his erection. 

"Hey, Mr. Collins!" Andie said as she opened the door and slipped her backpack off her shoulders. "Thanks for picking me up but I really don't mind walking to your house." 

"I came because I wanted to take you for ice cream." 

"Aww! Thank you so much! I would love that. This isn't coming out of my pay is it?" 

Nathan laughed. "Haha, no, no. It's a gift for your hard work and being on time every day." 

Andie buckled up and sat back. "Okay. I'm all for it!" 

About twenty minutes later, Nathan and Andie were sitting on a stone bench at a similarly constructed table outside the ice cream shop. Nathan sat them as far away from the other patrons as he could. Andie was her usual quiet self and Nathan spent a few minutes admiring her. He and his wife cared about her more than their friends. If they got her into the sheets, that would make it all the better. 

Nathan lowered his spoon for another taste of his cinnamon chocolate chip ice cream. "My wife said you thought I was cute." 

Andie was dipping her spoon into strawberry ice cream when she froze and a lump appeared in her throat. "Yes, um, did I do something wrong by saying that?" 

"No, it's okay. What kind of things do you do with people you like or people you think are cute?" 

Andie was scrunching low in her seat and shifting her eyes around. "Um, I once kissed a guy I liked." 

"Oh, that's nice. I've noticed you watching me when you thought I wasn't looking. Does that mean you want to kiss me, too?" 

Nathan was baiting her but teasing a little. It could have been true or it might not have been but he was going to find out. 

Andie whimpered, "Please. I didn't mean to watch you. I'm so sorry." 

"You didn't mean to. So, why did you?" 

Andie hid behind her hands and choked up. "I don't know. 'Sniff.' I'm ashamed of myself." 

Nathan was breaking down. Seeing her look so sad behind the cute glasses she wore with unfinished ice cream in front of her was getting to him. It was obvious that Andie was fragile so he had to be meticulous about the way he handled the situation. 

He talked in a slow, calming manner. "Don't be ashamed. I'm not mad at you but I'm a little surprised." 

She wasn't going to say anything else but her confession might have been plenty. Nathan moved from the bench and grabbed his cup. "Let's go." 

"Yes, sir," Andie said as a couple of tears tricked over her cheeks. 

The ride home was silent and Andie was sniffling the whole trip. She had her head turned to look at the scenery until they pulled into his driveway. She was embarrassed despite Nathan insisting nothing was wrong. In fact, things were very right. 

Distress coursed through Nathan's body as he hoped she wasn't shamed beyond return. 

Andie didn't move when Nathan silenced the engine. 

He pulled on his door handle and looked at her. "Andie, it's okay. Come on." 

"Yes, sir." She inhaled, grabbed her backpack, fell out of the SUV and followed the walkway behind Nathan to the front door. 

The jingles of Nathan's keys as he searched for the one to unlock the door seemed to unnerve Andie more. After they entered, Nathan escorted Andie by hand to the hallway. 
