 That night my dreams were confused and feverish, full of images of cocks - mine and others' - filling Vanessa's mouth and pussy and arsehole, and her beautiful face decorated with strings of sperm. I woke up with a start, Vanessa still asleep beside me, naked, the sheets in disarray. Memories of the night before flashed in my brain - bringing that guy back with us, letting him fuck her. I looked at Vanessa - she looked as innocent as a child. I could scarcely believe it had happened.

I needed to see the proof. I got up, still a bit groggy, and retrieved my camera from the lounge room. I took it into my study and uploaded the pictures onto my computer. I sat clicking through them, my mouth dry and my prick stiff in my hand, then started to print them out.

I took the printed photos into the bedroom and, lying down beside Vanessa, began to kiss her softly on the cheek until she stirred and opened her eyes. She kissed me back and sat up, stretching, then noticed the pictures in my hand. I began to lay them out on the bed next to her. She looked at them curiously.

"So, what do you think?" I asked her. She was looking at a picture of her sucking the guy's dick.

"He was nice," she said.

"What did you like about him?"

"He was funny. He had a nice face."

"What about his cock? Did you like that? Did you like it inside you?"

"Yes," she whispered.

Getting up behind her, I grabbed her by the hip and eased my own cock into her pussy. I begun to fuck her slowly, looking over her shoulder at the pictures as I did so.

Later that day, I emailed them to some of my friends.

I asked Vanessa to write an account of being fucked by the stranger, and was so pleased with the result that I told her to keep a diary of her sexual thoughts and experiences. I said she should masturbate at least once a day, and write down what she fantasised about. Once I rang her up at work and got her to masturbate as she sat at her desk, while I listened. I loved the idea of one of her co-workers catching her in the act.

I continued to take photographs of Vanessa regularly. I got into the habit of taking my camera with me whenever we left the house. I liked to take shots of her exposing herself in public places, where there was a chance that others might see her. When we were in the supermarket, for example, I would get her to stop for a moment and pull her blouse down or lift her skirt - she never wore panties when we were out like this - and snap a picture of her. Sometimes we went to a nudist beach which was about an hour's drive from our house, where Vanessa would lie with her legs spread apart, her shaved pussy open for all to see. 

At the same time I was giving Vanessa a crash course in pornography. I showed her hardcore videos, and she sat next to me as I trawled through the net looking for the most extreme images I could find. We looked at sites featuring busty women, small-breasted women, hairy, shaved and pregnant women. We looked at women spreading their cunts open, getting fisted, having all three holes filled, or two cocks in their mouth at once. We looked at Japanese schoolgirls pissing into each other's mouths, and having their faces showered with sperm. We went to S&M sites and saw women with their breasts bound until they were purple, having their back and buttocks whipped, and pins stuck through their nipples and labia - the full, glorious range of human perversity. Vanessa was astonished at the sheer variety of porn on offer, but while she looked shocked each time something new and hitherto unimagined appeared, I noticed how quickly she got used to new sights.(I had not yet told her that her own pictures were on the net for anyone to see.)

After hearing Vanessa's confession that she had gone to bed with her friend Laura, I had become obsessed with the idea of seeing her with another girl. I loved to show her lesbian videos, and get her reaction to them. I thought about possible candidates, girls I knew who might be persuaded to come into into our bed, and even thought of trying to find someone through the internet.

One Sunday we were at a barbecue at a friend's house when I heard a familiar female voice saying hello. I turned around and saw a girl named Julie, who had once been married to a school friend of mine, and with whom I had had brief affair about four years ago. She was a brunette, petite and small-breasted, and I could easily have ended up with her, but I'd gone overseas for awhile and when I got back she'd left her husband for another guy.

"Hey, I heard you got married," she said, slapping me on the arm.

"That's right. 

"Where is she? Is she here?"

"That's her," I said, pointing to Vanessa, who was standing in the kitchen, talking to some people.

"Wow, you did well! She's gorgeous."

A girl walked up to us and Julie put her hand on her shoulder. "Hey," said Julie, "do you remember my sister Amy?"

"Of course. Hello," I said.

"Hi," she said, smiling. Last time I'd seen her she had only been about fifteen, a skinny, giggly girl who I used to flirt with in a jokey way (she knew Julie was cheating on her husband with me - and approved of it). She'd grown, I saw now, into a beautiful young woman with an elfin face and soft brown eyes, petite and small-breasted like her sister but even better looking. Her hair was straight, brown, shoulder length and parted in the middle, and she wore a white cotton T-shirt (I could just make out a white bra beneath it); a pleated, tartan skirt; knee length white stockings and shiny, black leather shoes.

"Well you've changed a bit. Last time I saw you were playing on a swing."

"I don't think so," she said, rolling her eyes.

I was talking to them for a while, then Julie went off to talk to someone else and I was left alone with Amy. She had just finished school, she told me, and was about to start an arts degree at university. She said she wanted to work in the media, maybe journalism. "God, you're cute," was all I could think.

Vanessa came and joined us, and the three of us sat at a table. I was drinking beer, the two girls wine. I realised Amy and I were flirting with each other like we used to, but I wasn't joking anymore. At one point Amy was sitting in front of me, her legs parted, and I got a tantalising glimpse of white panties.

After that, everyone got terribly drunk and there was much dancing to old songs. For a while I danced with Amy, and at one point threw my arms around her and hugged her, so I could feel her little breasts pressing against my chest.

The barbecue began to break up around 8pm. Julie had already left and, having learned from Amy that she lived near us, I offered her a lift home. She sat in the back of the car with Vanessa, the two of them laughing at some of Amy's stories. I suggested we stop and get some supplies, then carry on drinking at our house. Amy said that sounded great. 

I stopped at a bottle shop and asked Amy what she wanted to drink. "Jack Daniels!" she said. That seemed like an excellent idea to me. I went in and bought a bottle of Jack, some beer and a bottle of wine.

We arrived at our house and I threw a CD into the sound system and went into the kitchen to get our drinks. I poured a potent Jack Daniels and Coke for Amy and a glass of wine for Vanessa. I was sticking to beer - I wanted to remain relatively sober for whatever might eventuate. 

Amy was going through our CD collection, picking out songs she wanted to hear. I sat next to Vanessa on the couch.

"What do you think of her?" I said to her, looking at Amy, sitting cross-legged on the floor.

"I like her. She's sweet."

"I think we should get her to stay for the night. What do you think?"

"Mm-hm."

"I love this song!" said Amy, jumping up. She stopped the CD that was playing and put her choice on, then began to spin around happily, her skirt flying up.

"You should dance with her," I said to Vanessa.

Vanessa stood up, a little unsteady from the wine she'd been drinking. She went over to Amy and they embraced drunkenly, giggling. I sipped my beer and watched them, a knot of excitement beginning to tighten in my stomach. 

After a while I stood up and walked over to them and put my arms around them both, my face brushing against Amy's hair, which smelled lovely. I kissed Vanessa, then kissed Amy on the cheek. Her shoulders felt thin through the T-shirt material, and I let my hand run down her back and over the curve of her round little buttocks. Amy had a dreamy expression on her face and was sort of clinging on to Vanessa and me. I think she had some idea what was going to happen now.

Amy broke away from us and, picking up her glass from the top of the stereo, drained it. I took it from her and went into the kitchen to pour her another. When I got back she was sitting on the couch, her legs stretched out, one shoe half off her foot. I sat down next to her, putting the glass on the coffee table. I signalled to Vanessa and she came and sat on the couch too, on the other side of Amy to me.

Amy's white T-shirt had come untucked, revealing a strip of bare midriff and her belly button, which was pierced, with a little gold ring in it.

She looked at me and smiled. I couldn't resist any longer and kissed her on the lips. She responded, her tongue slipping into my mouth. I tasted bourbon and Coke. My hand rested on her belly, fingers brushing against the smooth, taut skin.

Amy pulled away first, breathing heavily. Then she turned to Vanessa, threw her arm around her, and began to kiss her. I watched transfixed as Amy's hand went to Vanessa's right breast, cupping it and squeezing it through the material of her top (Vanessa was wearing a sleeveless, red woollen top - no bra). It was a wonderful sight.

As Amy continued to kiss Vanessa I slipped my hand under the younger girl's T-shirt and up to her little breasts, feeling her nipples through the thin material of her bra. Kissing the back of her neck, I ran my hand down her body and up her skirt, and felt her pussy through her panties. As I did so she turned from Vanessa and began kissing me again. I kept rubbing her crotch, pushing my fingers against her slit until I felt wetness on the panty material.

Again turning to Vanessa, Amy took hold of Vanessa's woollen top and pulled it up, exposing her plump, pink-nippled tits (I got the idea that this was not the first time Amy had been with a woman). She began to kiss and play with Vanessa's breasts. My cock was hard by now. Unzipping my pants I got it out and pressed it against Amy's backside, the material of her skirt rough against it.

We continued on like this for a few more minutes, hands running over bodies, exploring each other. At one point, as Amy and Vanessa kissed, I took hold of Amy's hand and placed it on my cock and she squeezed it so that I almost came then and there. 

It was pretty uncomfortable on the couch though, so I suggested going into the bedroom. We stood up and Vanessa and I walked Amy into our room, our arms around her, moving in unison like a single ungainly organism, our clothes in disarray and my cock still sticking out of my pants. Once in the bedroom, Amy fell onto the bed on her back, and Vanessa and I fell on top of her. We worked as a team, Vanessa pulling the girl's T-shirt over her head while I found the zipper on the side of her skirt and undid it and slipped it off.

For a moment Vanessa and I paused, looking down at the beautiful, slim young girl lying between us, wearing only a skimpy, see-through white bra and panties and looking so vulnerable. Then Vanessa pulled her own top off and, leaning over Amy, her tits hanging down, her nipples brushing Amy's chest, and began to kiss her. Meanwhile I slid down the bed a little and inspected Amy's crotch and the large damp patch on her white cotton panties, then pulled the panties down and tossed them on the floor. I spread her legs and gazed on a neat little cunt topped with a mound of flossy, light brown hair. Pressing my face between her legs I began to lick the wavy folds of her labia, relishing her young cunt taste.

After licking Amy's cunt and arse for a few minutes I sat back and watched her and Vanessa making out together. Amy's bra had been pulled down, either by Vanessa or Amy herself, and Vanessa was running her hands over the younger girl's tits, which were small and firm with pale brown nipples. Then she was kissing them, and I thought again of Vanessa kissing the breasts of her friend at school. Barely thinking about what I was doing, my eyes on the two girls, their mouths locked together, I parted Amy's legs and pressed the head of my cock against her pussy. After a few gentle pushes, was able to slide slowly into her.

As I started to fuck her they broke off kissing. Amy's head fell back on the pillow. Vanessa looked at me wonderingly, her cheeks flushed, one hand resting on Amy's breast.

"Vanessa," I whispered. "Look at that." I looked down. Vanessa, edging forward a little on the bed, followed my eyes down to where my cock was embedded in Amy's cunt. What was she thinking? I wondered, watching me fuck another girl.

I began to fuck Amy harder, pushing deeply into her, her hips bucking under me. Vanessa started kissing her again and I couldn't hold out any longer. I came inside her with a powerful orgasm.

For a few seconds I maintained my posture, catching my breath, then drew my dripping prick out. I reached out for Vanessa and kissed her, a long, wet kiss on the mouth. Then, standing up, I got her to kneel on the floor and take my cock in her mouth, and lick Amy's pussy juice from it.

Amy lay with her legs apart, one hand idly fingering her open, now glistening cunt as she watched Vanessa sucking me. After a minute or so she sat up and began to stroke Vanessa's hair, then knelt on the floor next to her and kissed her on the cheek. Vanessa, letting my cock fall from her mouth, kissed Amy back. Then, to my great delight, Amy took hold of my cock and began to suck it herself. 

For the next few minutes the girls took turns sucking my cock - which had grown hard again - and kissing each other. At one point, as Vanessa had the head of my prick between her lips, Amy was licking along the shaft and playing with my balls. It was the first time I'd ever had two mouths on my cock at the same time. It felt fantastic.

After a while we all collapsed in a heap on the bed again. I saw Amy's hand go to Vanessa's shaved pussy, her fingers stroking the protruding pink labia, and then she had her head between Vanessa's legs, licking her out. I drank in the sight, wanking myself as I watched. Then came the moment I'd been waiting for. Amy lay back on the bed, her legs spread. Vanessa leant over her, kissing Amy's flat little belly, kissing down towards her cunt.

I got in close - I wanted to see everything. And I watched entranced as Vanessa began to lick the amber folds of Amy's pussy, Amy holding herself open as she did so, her clit swollen and glistening with saliva. I began to rub the little bud with my index finger as Vanessa's tongue disappeared into the girl's vagina.

There was one more thing I needed to see. Kneeling on the bed, I took hold of Amy's knees and pushed her legs back so that her bottom was raised off the bed and her anus exposed.

I whispered to Vanessa, "Lick her arsehole."

Vanessa put her hand on the girl's buttocks, spreading them, and obediently began to lick Amy's arse.

"Oh, yes," I heard Amy mutter, over and over.

It was an extraordinary sight. About to cum, I moved up to the top of the bed and, taking Amy's head in my hands, her brown hair falling over her face, slid my cock into her mouth. She sucked on it eagerly. I came almost immediately and Amy, God bless her, swallowed it all.

For the next half hour we lay on the bed, hands running over each other's bodies, gradually growing drowsier. Eventually I stood up and turned out the light. I got back into bed, lying on my back between the two of them, and went to sleep with one hand on Vanessa's cunt and the other on Amy's.

I woke about nine o'clock with the sun streaming through the window onto my face. I sat up, a bit hungover and my prick stiff, and looked at the two girls sleeping on either side of me, Vanessa lying on her side with her back to me, and Amy on her stomach.

Sliding out of bed as gently as I could I went to the wardrobe and found my digital camera. I took a few photos of them as they lay asleep, moving Amy's leg a little to get a good shot of her pussy. Having obtained this souvenir, I lay back down again, brushed Amy's hair out of her face and kissed her on the cheek. She smiled without opening her eyes.

I began to run my hand over her back and then down to her buttocks, my fingers slipping between them and brushing against her anus, which was sticky. On an impulse, I raised my hand to my mouth and licked my fingers, then placing it on her buttocks again, pressed my middle finger against her arsehole, then gently pushed it in a little way. Amy squirmed slightly, a sigh escaping from lips, but made no move to make me remove it.

"Does that feel nice?" I asked her as I gently probed her arse.

She opened her eyes for the first time and looked at me. "Yes," she said.

"Have you ever been fucked up there?"

"No," she said.

"Can I do it?"

She was silent for a few moments, then she whispered, "Yes"

I sat up on the bed and, reaching over to Vanessa, kissed her on the ear to wake her up - I wanted her to see this.

I opened the drawer of my bedside table and found the tube of moisturining cream I kept in there. I rubbed a little of the cool cream onto my throbbing cock, then dabbed some onto Amy's pink, hairless arsehole. As Vanessa watched I straddled Amy and pushed my cock, with some difficulty, into the tight hole. Amy let out a little cry as I went about halfway in. 

I began to fuck her slowly, the head of my cock going more deeply into her hot bowels with every thrust. Vanessa watched, stroking Amy's hair and cheek. Reaching into the drawer again, I drew out a pink dildo and handed it to Vanessa. "Fuck her with it," I said. Vanessa did as I asked, pushing the dildo into Amy's cunt.

Amy moaned as both her holes were filled After a few minutes of the two of us fucking her (Vanessa, to my great satisfaction, was quite rough with her, jamming the dildo right into her), Amy came with a shriek. I came too, my sperm pumping into her bowels.

I drew my cock out and inspected Amy's arsehole, distended from the fucking, the pink of her rectum visible. Noticing a smear of brown on the tip of my cock, I presented it to Vanessa, who licked it clean.

After showering we got dressed (Vanessa lent Amy one of her dresses to wear) and went to a nearby café for some breakfast. The three of us sat drinking coffee, chatting away without a reference to what had happened. It made it all seem somewhat unreal. I gazed at Amy, who had her hair tied back in a ponytail, emphasising the slenderness of her white neck, but in the back of my mind all I could see was Vanessa licking her pussy, and my cock buried in her arse.

That evening I sat at the computer, masturbating as I uploaded a few more pics of Vanessa onto an internet voyeur site, including the ones I had taken of her and Amy, then checked the email account I had set up, where men (and a few women) had sent in comments about them. I decided I couldn't keep this from Vanessa any more. I called out to her to come in.

"I've got a website I want you to check out," I said, standing up. "Come and sit down." She sat in front of the computer. I reached for the mouse and clicked open a page of thumbnails, then clicked again to open one of them. The image slowly spread down the screen - Vanessa lying on our couch wearing her short blue dress, her legs spread - no panties - and her shaved pussy open and inviting.
