 I continued to look for ways for Vanessa to expose herself in public and found, to my delight, that quite often she was now taking the lead in doing it. One warm summer evening, after we had been out to dinner and were strolling through the city, I saw that without any prompting from me she had unbuttoned her blue silk blouse almost to the waist. She wasn’t wearing a bra and the blouse was flapping open as she walked, giving everyone who looked a clear view of her tits. After she’d paraded herself like this for ten minutes or so, getting a lot of attention from men, and some abuse from an old woman, I hailed a cab to take us home. As we drove there, I slipped my hand between her legs and felt how wet she was. I fucked her as soon as we got in the door.

One day I took a pair of Vanessa’s old jeans, broke the zipper on them and pulled them apart at the crotch. When Vanessa was walking down the street in them nothing looked amiss, but when she sat down and spread her legs they opened right up, completely exposing her cunt. 

I liked to go to open air cafés when she was wearing these jeans. She would sit with her legs apart, in full view of the people walking past. I would sit and observe. I loved to see people’s reactions when they noticed. One night, on a train, we were the only passengers in one carriage apart from one other person - a chubby young guy wearing glasses who was sitting opposite us reading a newspaper. I got Vanessa to spread. Eventually he looked up from his paper and went bright red, but he couldn’t take his eyes off her pussy.

Refining this idea a bit, I took a pair of tight, white lycra shorts that Vanessa had and cut a slit in the crotch with a razor blade. When Vanessa put these on, her fleshy pink labia protruded through the slit. I took a lot of photos of her wearing these shorts, pulling her cunt flaps apart as far as she could. She wore these shorts out in public a few times too. They were more daring than the jeans, for even when she was just standing normally a tempting morsel of puffy pink flesh was clearly visible at the base of her crotch.

 One day we were walking in the city when we passed a sex shop and I asked her if she had ever been into one. Not surprisingly, she said she hadn’t, so I led her in.

The shop was quite a small one. The walls were taken up by video cases, and there were some video booths in the back. A guy of about 30 sat behind a glass counter full of sex aids, reading a book. The only other customer was an old guy, looking through magazines furtively.

As Vanessa stood before the crazy jumble of genitalia on the video slicks, examining them curiously. I walked over  to the guy. "Hi," I said. "You mind if I take some pictures?" He looked up from his book, then looked at Vanessa and raised his eyebrows.

"What for? You from some magazine?"

"No, just for myself."

He shrugged. "Go ahead."

Taking my camera out of my bag, I took a few shots of her, with the obscene covers of the videos banked up behind her. She wore a white T-shirt, a red miniskirt and - I knew - no panties. Then I told her to squat down, which she did, knees parted, her skirt riding up and the pink gash of her pussy, which she had shaved that morning, on display.

The guy came from behind the counter and stood next to me with his arms folded. He whistled softly. "She’s hot. She your girlfriend?"

"My wife."

"Hmm, Lucky man. Here, why don’t we  give ourselves some privacy." He turned to the old guy, who had been looking at Vanessa, transfixed, and said "We’re closing now," and the old guy scooted off. He walked over to the front door and locked it and flipped the ‘closed’ sign around.

"Take off your T-shirt," I told Vanessa. She pulled it over her head and ran her hands over her breasts. The guy looked on appreciatively. Vanessa was looking at him, pointing her tits at him enticingly, squeezing her nipples.

"Spread your legs," I said. "Touch yourself. Pull your pussy open. Masturbate."

"Fuck…" I heard the guy say under his breath.

"You like her?" I asked him.

"Do I ever. Hey, I don’t s’pose you need an extra here?" the guy said to me, grinning. "How ’bout some photos of her giving me a blowjob?"

I looked from the guy to Vanessa. She had her back against the video shelves, her head framed by photos of cocks and cunts. Legs wide open, she was rubbing on her clit. "OK," I said.

He walked over to Vanessa and, squatting down next to her, put one hand onto her leg, then ran it up to her pussy. As Vanessa continued to rub herself, he slid a finger into her cunt. She began to moan as he finger-fucked her, his hand making a squelching noise.

After a minute or so of this he stood up, undid the buckle on his belt and pulled his jeans down. His cock was quite long, the head bulbous, and I noticed his balls and around the base of it were shaved. He began to wank himself to get himself hard. I got the idea he wasn’t completely new to this sort of thing.

For a few seconds, Vanessa just looked at the penis bobbing a few inches from her face. I walked towards them, snapping pictures as I went, then knelt down in front of them.

"Suck it, Vanessa," I said.

Vanessa’s hand closed around the cock. She kissed the swollen, red tip of it, then slowly took it into her mouth.

"That’s it, that’s it, bitch," I could hear the guy saying.

Vanessa’s cheeks went concave as she sucked him. I took a few more shots, then getting the zipper of my pants open I pulled my own dick out. "Suck his balls," I said to Vanessa. 

Holding his shaft up, she licked at his balls and then let them slip into her mouth and worked them with her tongue.

The guy groaned. "I’ve got to fuck this bitch," he said. Withdrawing from Vanessa’s mouth he pushed her back and got between her legs and slid his prick into her in one deft motion. I took a few close-ups, his shaved cock and her shaved pussy making a visually pleasing combination. 

He was fucking her hard now, his face going red with the effort. He paused and turned to me. "Can I cum in her?"

"No," I said. "Cum on her face."

"No problem." He drew out of her and stood over her, working his cock, his hand a blur. He came almost immediately, three quick creamy spurts that landed on her forehead and nose.

I was ready to cum as well. I stood up and, pointing my dick at her face, gave it one last squeeze. My sperm splashed onto her, mixing with the guy’s. It dripped down over her lips.

He was doing up his jeans. "Thanks, babe," he said to Vanessa. "Very nice."

I leant down and whispered in her ear, "Get dressed but don’t wipe your face."

Vanessa began to pull her skirt on. The guy went to the front door and unlocked it, and returned to his spot behind the counter, as nonchalant as if this was a daily occurrence. Almost immediately a well-dressed, middle-aged man came in. He saw Vanessa pulling her T-shirt on, the sperm still dripping from her face.

I walked over to the counter. The guy was looking in a drawer, and found a business card which he handed to me. "Here’s some guys I know who make videos. They could use her. They even pay OK."

I thanked him and went over to Vanessa. "Let’s go," I said.

"I can’t go out like this," she whispered.

"Yes you can. Come on."

We walked out of the shop and up the street. It was starting to get dark and the street lamps had just gone on. As we walked, I saw some of the people we passed look at Vanessa’s face and do a double take. They’d look back. Had they really seen what they thought they had?

The sex shop guy’s suggestion that Vanessa be in a porn movie inspired me to go and buy a video camera for the first time. I used it the night I bought it, videotaping Vanessa stripping and masturbating, and then me fucking her in the arse. Afterwards we watched it, and I fucked her again as we did so. 

A couple of weeks after this, I went on the bucks night of an old school friend. After dinner in a Thai restaurant in the city we walked to a strip club. My old mate Seb was there, just back from a stint overseas, and after buying some beers at the bar we sat up at the front of the stage and watched a series of reasonably attractive pole dancers spreading their cunts and arses for our entertainment. Seb was enjoying it, as was the groom (eventually we all chipped in and paid for a private showing for him) but I’ve never really been into strippers I must admit – it’s a bit too artificial for me. 

After a couple of hours of this the last few of us ended up in another bar. There was me, Seb, a tall, jovial West Indian guy with a shaved head named Gordon who was a friend of Seb’s, and a younger, blond-haired guy named Tom who I’d never met before, who was some sort of relative of the groom.

We were sitting at the bar drinking beers when Seb asked how I was getting on with Vanessa. Now, as I have mentioned earlier in this narrative, Seb was one of the people I kept up to date with developments here, sending him regular reports and photos. 

"She’s going well," I said, smiling, and told him about the scene in the sex shop.

"Cool," he said, "But hey, who’s supposed to be your best friend?  When am I gonna get to fuck her?"

I shrugged. "Tonight if you want."

He grabbed me by the arm. "You mean it, man?"

"Sure," I said. "On one condition. I’ve got a new toy – a video camera. You have to let me videotape you."

"Hey," he said, "what are friends for?"

I was feeling in a good mood, pleasantly drunk, and I guess the strippers had got to me after all. And then I had one of my ideas, an idea that seemed so perfect that, once I had thought of it, there was no way I wasn’t going to make it happen. "In fact," I said to Seb, raising my glass and looking at its amber contents, "why don’t the four of us go back to my place? There’s beers in the fridge and we’ll see what happens."

Seb’s eyes lit up. "Man, you’re a fuckin’ legend!" He stood up and, clapping his arm around Gordon’s shoulders, said something to him which I couldn’t hear above the din of the bar. Gordon looked at me and smiled slyly.

After another round of drinks we left the bar and piled into a taxi for the twenty minute trip to my house. Needless to say, everyone was in very high spirits.

When we arrived it was around 1am. Vanessa I knew would be in bed by now. I told them to help themselves to the beers in the fridge, and walked into the bedroom.

Vanessa lay on her side, facing the wall. It was a warm night and she just had a sheet over her, and was wearing her short, pink cotton nightie. She looked up when I walked in so I knew she hadn’t been asleep. She sat up and I sat on the bed next to her and kissed her. 

"You’re still awake," I said.

"It’s too hot to sleep," she said. "How was the bucks night?"

"Good," I said. "Still going. I’ve invited a few of the guys back for a party. Seb’s here. You want to come and join us?" 

"Alright," she said. She reached for a dressing gown that was lying on the floor but I told her not to bother, to just leave her nightie on.

"This is Vanessa," I said to Gordon and Tom as we walked into the lounge room.

"Hi, darling," said Seb, giving her a kiss on the cheek.

"Hi, Vanessa," said Gordon, who was sitting in front of the coffee table, rolling a joint.

"You want a glass of wine?" I said to her. She said she did and I went and got a bottle out of the fridge. The young guy, Tom, had worked out how to work the CD player and put some music on.

Vanessa sat on the couch next to Gordon who, having finished rolling his joint, offered it to her. Vanessa looked startled.

"No, man," I said,  "she’s not really into it."

He shrugged. "Suit yourself, honey."

Seb sat down on the couch too, on the other side of Vanessa to Gordon. I didn’t think I’d have to wait too long for Seb to make a move, and I wasn’t disappointed. He was whispering something into Vanessa’s ear and she was giggling, and as he was doing this he had his hand on one of her thighs, rubbing it. Then he started to kiss her on the mouth and I saw his hand disappear under her nightie. Gordon, who had lit the joint he’d rolled, was watching this with interest. He turned me, grinning, and handed me the joint.

Now Seb’s hand was between Vanessa’s legs and he  was openly rubbing her pussy. She slid forward a little on the couch, her knees parting, and Gordon pulled the hem of her nightie back so he could get a good look, then turned his attention to her breasts, his big hands rubbing and squeezing them through the nightie. Vanessa unlocked her mouth from Seb’s and turned to the black man, and he began kissing her, his tongue licking at her mouth. 

Now their hands were all over her, Seb pulling one of her legs over his own so that her pussy was spread open, Gordon tugging at the front of the nightie and freeing her breasts. Tom was still standing by the CD player, looking on, fascinated. I handed the joint to him.

Then Seb got up onto his knees on the couch. He unzipped his jeans and thrust his groin towards Vanessa’s face. He still had his underpants on, and she reached up with one hand and rubbed the bulge in them. 

Watching them manhandling my wife like this had got me hard as well.

Gordon had his face buried in Vanessa’s tits, which were wet with his saliva now, as Seb pulled his underpants down, freeing his stiff cock. Vanessa, like the good little slut I had taught her to be, grabbed hold of it and began to suck it eagerly.

Suddenly I remembered the video camera, and raced into the bedroom to find it. When I got back Gordon had opened the fly of the long khaki shorts he was wearing and was pushing Vanessa’s hand into them. 

I knelt down in front of them, raising the camera, just in time to capture Vanessa drawing Gordon’s smooth, dark brown penis out. It was long but not fully erect yet, and flopped from side to side as she twisted it in her fingers.

I stood up, undoing my own pants, and kept the video running. Though Vanessa’s fingers were grasping Gordon’s dick, she was still paying most of her attention to Seb’s, which was so hard now I could see the blue veins standing out on it. He was holding her head in his hands, pushing it deep into her mouth.

Then Seb pulled it away from her and looked at me as if to say, "What do you want me to do now?"

Putting the camera down, I pushed Vanessa’s legs up so her feet were on the couch. "What do you think, guys?" I asked, spreading her crinkly pink pussy lips apart with my fingers, then pushing my thumbs into her vagina and opening her up as far as I could. "You like this cunt?"

"Very nice, man," said Gordon. He licked the tips of his fingers and began to rub her clit with them. Seb, not to be outdone, stuck his fingers into her fuckhole. Vanessa looked down, a sort of dazed expression on her face, as she watched the three of us poking and prodding at her genitals.

I realised that Tom was still standing off to one side. "Hey, come and have a look," I said to him. He walked over, looking a little nervous, his cheeks flushed. It didn’t look like he had been ready for what was going on. We all took our hands off Vanessa, giving him a good view of her cunt.

Vanessa was till holding onto Gordon’s cock, which stood straight up now. "Hey, baby," he said, "It’s my turn I think." Putting his hand to the back of her head, he guided her mouth to his sleek brown phallus. It was longer than Seb’s and she couldn’t take it all the way in, though she tried. Meanwhile, Seb took the opportunity to position himself behind her, and grabbing hold of her hips, slid his cock into her cunt and began to fuck her doggy style. Seeing Vanessa skewered by to cocks like this was an exquisite sight which I made sure to record on video. After a while they both withdrew and reached for their beers.

Tom, who had been kneeling in front of  Vanessa, now took the opportunity to touch her pussy lips with the tips of his fingers, and then began to lick them. He continued eat her out for perhaps five minutes as we looked on appreciatively. Pussy eating was obviously his thing as he was really getting off on it. Vanessa lay back, her eyes closed, enjoying it too.

After a while Vanessa sat up. Tom lifted his face from her crotch, his chin all wet with her pussy juice, and she wrapped her arms around him and kissed him. "Get your cock out," she said, fumbling with his pants, "I want your cock."

"Well, go on," said Gordon. "Don’t keep the lady waiting."

Tom undid his belt – I noticed his hands were shaking a bit – and Vanessa pulled his pants down to his ankles. He sat down on the floor, trying to get his shoes and pants off at the same time. His cock was quite small, perhaps about five inches, topped with a fuzz of light brown pubic hair, and only half erect. Vanessa grabbed hold of it and began to jerk it. Tom sat back, supported on his hands. Soon he was hard enough and Vanessa squatted on top of him and guided his dick into her cunt.

Tom lay back on the floor, groaning, as Vanessa fucked him. I got in close, shooting some more video.

Gordon and Seb were watching, idly fingering their cocks. I said to them, "You guys game for an experiment?"

"What you got in mind?" asked Seb.

"I was thinking maybe we see how many cocks we can get into my wife at once."

"Sounds like an interesting experiment," said Gordon. "In that case, I know which hole I want. You got some lube?" 

I went and found a tube of it in the bathroom. Gordon took it and walked around behind Vanessa and got down on his haunches. I grabbed the camera again – this I had to video. Gordon squeezed some of the lube onto his fingers and smeared it onto Vanessa’s anus, then slipped two fingers into it up to his knuckles. Vanessa squirmed and moaned, pushing herself down onto Tom’s dick.

Then Gordon pressed the head of his cock against her ring. I’d fucked Vanessa’s arse often enough, but Gordon’s cock was longer and thicker than mine, and I was curious to see how she would accommodate it. With his hands on her hips, Gordon began to push himself into her. When his dick was buried about halfway in, he settled into an easy rhythm, going a little deeper with each thrust, causing Vanessa to gasp as he plumbed her bowels.  "Oh God, oh God, oh God," she was saying under her breath.

Acting in unison, Seb and I now positioned ourselves in front of Vanessa, our cocks level with her mouth. Vanessa’s face was red with exertion as Tom, lying underneath her, kept gamely fucking her cunt while Gordon steadily buggered her.

Seb went first, sliding his swollen prick into Vanessa’s mouth. She reached up and grabbed hold of it and began to suck it. Then, moving in closer so that my hip was against Seb’s, and grabbing onto Venessa’s hair at the back of her head, I guided my cock into her mouth as well. She gagged a bit trying to take us both and but she managed, squeezing our dicks together in one hand and getting us about halfway in. Holding the video camera to one side, I captured about a minute of  my slut wife’s body invaded by four cocks simultaneously.

Gordon was the first to come, letting out a loud groan, then pulling out from her and sitting on the floor, his. Vanessa, pulling her face away from our dicks, gasped for breath. Seb, grabbing hold of his cock, wanked himself furiously for a few seconds and came, his sperm spurting onto her face. Vanessa collapsed onto Tom, her cunt still latched onto his cock. 

Drawing out as well I positioned myself behind her, parting her buttocks and inspecting her arsehole, and saw how it had been stretched by the black man’s big dick and gaped open, swollen and purple and slick with his semen. On a whim I stuck my own cock into the moist, humid shithole and gave one or two hard thrusts until I came inside her too.

The remainder of the night I remember in fragments. We guys drank more beer – Vanessa some more wine – and Gordon rolled a few more joints. Gordon and Seb took turns fucking Vanessa on the floor while Tom and me sat watching and wanking ourselves. At about 4 am, I suppose, I decided what I really wanted to see was Vanessa getting pissed on. I told her to go into the bathroom and lie on the floor, and gathered the guys in there. We all stood around her pissing on her, into her mouth, onto her hair, her tits and her cunt until she was soaked in it. Afterwards I made her get on all fours and videotaped her licking our urine from the tiled floor. 
