 My brother, who lives in London, was over for a visit, so we arranged to have dinner. It would be first time that I had met his new girlfriend, a French girl named Danielle, and the first time that he had met Vanessa.

Danielle turned out to be pretty girl with long, straight blonde hair, and I spent most of the evening ogling her small, pointy tits through the sleeveless white top she was wearing. I’d wanted Vanessa to make a big impression on my brother and got her to wear her low-cut, short red dress which laced up at the front. As the evening wore on the laces began to loosen, uncovering more of her breasts. I could see my brother was keeping a close eye on the situation.

I had planned to get them back to our flat and engineer something there - it wouldn’t be the first time my brother and I had shared a girl - but he explained that they were leaving for a trip to the country the next day and wanted to get an early start, so he declined my invitation to come back to our place.

We said our goodbyes and I left the restaurant frustrated - I hate having my plans thwarted. As Vanessa and I walked to where I had parked the car I realised we were just a few blocks from the red light district. Another plan started to take shape.

I drove to a street which I knew was usually thick with prostitutes. Cruising along it slowly I wasn’t disappointed, and could see a few likely candidates. Then I spotted a slim, pretty Asian girl standing in a doorway.

"You see that girl?" I said to Vanessa, pointing at her. "We’re going to take her home with us."

I parked the car, got out and walked up to the girl. I introduced myself, and asked what her name was. She said it was Wendy. She looked about eighteen, with big brown eyes, chubby cheeks and full red lips, and her glossy black hair was cut in a bob. She was petite and flat-chested, and wore a white blouse, a dark blue pleated skirt, black patent leather shoes and white socks - an outfit which made her look like a delightfully schoolgirlish. She had a pink plastic handbag slung over one shoulder.

I explained that I wanted her to come back to my house and spend the whole night there. There followed a short but intense period of negotiation. A sum of money was eventually settled on, and for this she agreed to come with us and do pretty well whatever I asked her to.

I led her to the car and opened the back door for her. "This is Vanessa," I said as she got in. "Vanessa, meet Wendy."

"Hello," Wendy said in her girlish voice.

"Hello," said Vanessa, turning around to look at my find.

We set off . As we drove I asked Wendy about herself, and although she wasn’t exactly forthcoming when it came to her personal life, I found out a few things. She was Chinese, born in Hong Kong. She came out here four years ago. Her mother was dead, and she had quarreled with her father and left home. Her dream was to go to university. 

When we arrived at the house I got the agreed amount of money together and handed into to Wendy, who folded the bills and put them in her handbag. Then I went into the kitchen and fixed up a big jug of iced water with some lemon juice in it. Vanessa came in as I was doing this. "What do you think of her?" I asked.

"She’s very cute," she said. "Like a doll."

I put my arms around her. "So, what would you like to do to her?"

"I’d like to play with her," she whispered. I smiled, and kissed her on the mouth. I’d been surprised at how much Vanessa had gotten into it when we had brought Amy home with us a few weeks earlier, so tonight was going to be interesting. 

I took the jug and some glasses into the lounge room, and poured Wendy a glass. "I want you to drink as much as you can," I said, handing it to her, "’cause I’ll want you to piss later on." I made her drain the glass, then drink another one. I gave Vanessa a glass too, and had one myself.

I put some music on. Wendy was leaning against a sideboard, her hands clasped in front of her/ I walked over to her. She really was very pretty. I put my hand to her chest, feeling it through her blouse. She stared at me, her mouth slightly open, her face a curious mix of anxiety and expectation.

I started to unbutton her blouse - slowly, savouring every moment - and got it all undone and slipped it off her thin shoulders. She was wearing a flimsy, peach-coloured cotton bra, quite unnecessary as she was almost flat chested, and I pulled the straps of it over her shoulders, uncovering her little breasts, which had stubby brown nipples. I took one beneath thumb and forefinger, squeezing it tentatively.

Kneeling down in front of her I told her to lift her skirt up. She was wearing white cotton panties with little pink hearts embroidered along the waistband. I reached up and rubbed her crotch with the palm of my hand, feeling the warmth of it against my hand, then put my face close to it, my nose brushing the panty material, breathing in her smell. 

I looked up at her. "Have you fucked any other guys tonight?" I asked.

She looked embarrassed and put her hand over her face. "Two," she said.

"Uh-huh? And what did you do with them?" 

"One…young boy," she said. "I give him a handjob. The other, he wanted from behind."

"Oh yeah? In your arse or your pussy?"

"In my pussy," she said softly.

"And when was that?" 

"About half an hour ago."

"I see." I slipped my finger into the waistband of her panties and pulled them down so I could examine her pussy. Her crotch was a plump mound, with well defined, pinkish brown labia, and her pubic hair, which I could see was naturally sparse, was mostly shaved, leaving just a little black tuft above her slit. It was a pretty cunt.

Her panties fell to her feet and she stepped out of them, then sat down on the lounge and took her shoes and socks off. She stood up again, naked now, looking a little awkward, trying to cover her pussy with her hand. It was obvious she hadn’t been doing this for long.

I knelt down in front of her again, pushing her hand away, and inspected her genitals and thought about what she had said, that there had been a stranger’s cock up her only an hour ago. "Turn around and bend over," I said. "Spread your arse cheeks." She did as she was told. Her cunt was hairless from this angle, and the neat, brown, creased hole of her anus looked terribly inviting.

I told her to stand up again, facing me. I decided that that little tuft of pubic hair annoyed me, and she would look better without it.

"Let’s go into the bathroom," I said, putting my arm around her and leading her in there, with Vanessa following. I made Wendy sit on the tiled space at the end of the bath tub, and found my razor and a tube of shaving cream and handed these to Vanessa. "Shave her," I said. 

Vanessa knelt between the Chinese girl’s legs and, squirting some of the cream onto her fingers, applied it to the tuft of black hair. She ran the razor under the tap and began to shave her, her hand, I noticed, shaking a little that as she so - she was obviously a little afraid of cutting her. I unzipped my pants and got my cock out and started to wank myself as I watched this.

The operation was over in no time. I knelt down on the floor and watched as Vanessa picked up a towel and wiped the last traces of shaving cream from Wendy’s pussy. 

"Beautiful," I murmured. If Wendy’s face made her look doll-like, the bald crotch completed the illusion. "Wouldn’t you like to lick it?" I whispered to Vanessa.

Vanessa dropped the towel on the floor and, getting between the girl’s legs, began to lick her cunt.

I stepped into the bath so my groin was level with Wendy’s face, my cock pointing stiffly at her. Stroking her fine, soft hair and looking into her lovely brown eyes, I began to run the tip of my prick over her face, tracing the curve of her cheek with it, running it along her lips, then slid it into her red mouth. She gagged at first but I moved slowly, with each thrust slipping it in a little deeper as her tongue licked at the base of it. Soon she was able to take me all in, and I held her head in my hands and fucked her mouth, and she sucked like a good little girl. 

After a while, feeling like I was about to cum, I drew out of Wendy’s mouth, scooped her up in my arms – she was very light – carried her into the bedroom and threw her on her back onto the bed. Stripping off all my clothes I knelt on the bed between her legs. I grabbed hold of her knees and spread her legs wide apart, and gazed down at her pussy gaping open. God, she looked gorgeous. The truth is I’d never fucked an Asian girl before - although I’d fantasised about it often enough. Now I was finally getting the chance to. 

I straddled her, leaning on the bed with one hand, guided the head of my cock against her pussy and pushed. She was wet on the outside from Vanessa’s tongue but she was very tight, and it took me a while to get all the way in.

I began to fuck her in slow strokes. Her cunt was so tight it seemed to be actually sucking my dick, a sensation I had never felt before. It felt fantastic. I’d wanted to put off my orgasm for as long as possible, but this was too good and, letting myself go with a few hard, rapid, deep strokes that plunged the depths of her and made her cry out, I ejaculated into her. I sank down on her - how slight her body felt under my weight - and caught my breath. Then I pulled out and sat on the bed beside her, cradling her head in my hands, kissing her face.

Vanessa had been sitting on the end of the bed, watching while we fucked, her hand between her legs. I motioned for her to come nearer and she sit down on the other side of Wendy. "Isn’t she lovely?" I said, kissing her forehead.

Vanessa gazed down at the girl, a dreamy look in her eyes, and bowed her head and kissed Wendy on the lips. The younger girl responded, opening her mouth, and their tongues slid against each other.

Vanessa was still wearing her red dress and I reached over and tugged at the laces at the front of it, and pulled it open so her big, pale breasts fell out of it. She leant over Wendy so that her tits hung down over the girl’s face, one plump pink nipple brushing her lips. Wendy took the teat in her mouth and sucked on it like a baby, cupping the heavy breast in her hand and making little mumbling sounds as she sucked. Meanwhile Vanessa ran her hand down the girl’s skinny body, over the little bumps of her breasts and her flat belly. Vanessa’s face was flushed. I knew how sensitive her breasts were, and she was obviously enjoying the prostitute’s attentions.

Now Vanessa straddled the girl. Pulling her dress up over her head and throwing it onto the floor, she leant against the bedhead, moved up the bed on her knees until her bald crotch - I had made sure she shaved before we went to thr restaurant - was inches from the prostitute’s face. Wendy slipped her hands between Vanessa’s legs - she had delicate little hands, the fingernails painted a bright red - and ran her fingertips lightly over Vanessa’s mound. Vanessa groaned, her head thrown back. Wendy’s fingers moved to Vanessa’s labia, stroking then parting them, opening up a glistening pink hollow. I lay down beside her to get a good view, and watched as Wendy lifted her head from the pillow and began licking Vanessa’s cunt, her tongue darting into the hole her probing fingers made.

After watching this engaging sight for a while I moved down the bed so my face was level with the Wendy’s crotch, and parted her legs so I could inspect her again. Her clitoris and labia were a little swollen from my fucking her, and quite wet. I inserted two fingers in her and finger-fucked her for a while until her hips bucked up and down on the bed. I pressed my face to her crotch and began to lick her, sucking her labia into my mouth, tasting my sperm in her.

I became aware that Vanessa had turned around and was watching this, her face was only inches from mine. Lifting my head up I kissed her so she could taste the girl’s cunt on my mouth.

I pushed Wendy’s legs back so that her bum was raised off the bed and her cunt gaped redly open. "Hold your legs," I said to Wendy, and she held herself open while Vanessa kissed her way down the girl’s belly until she reached the hot, wet hole, pressing her face into the cunt meat, licking down to the anus, her mouth and nose getting wet with the girl’s juices.

My cock was hard and I eased myself forward a little until the head of it was resting in the slimy groove between Wendy’s buttocks. Vanessa, pausing in her cunt-licking, grabbed hold of my dick and put her lips around it. I shuddered and pulled back, stopping myself from cumming just in time.

"Get me the lube," I said to Vanessa. "It’s in the drawer there." She turned around and found the tube in the bedside table.

"Rub some on me."

Vanessa squirted some of the lube onto the palm of her hand, than took hold of my dick and ran her hand up and down the shaft until it was well greased and the head was swollen and purple.

"OK," I said. "Put it into her arse."

I moved forward a little and Vanessa guided my prick to the girl’s tight little arsehole, which opened up reluctantly to receive it. I pushed deep into her hot bowels and began to fuck her hard. Vanessa fingered the girl’s clit for a while, then went back to licking her. Her tongue flicked over Wendy’s swollen labia, then down further, licking at the stretched skin of Wendy’s anus as it was alternatively pushed in then pulled out by the thrusting of my cock.. 

Unable to hold back any longer I came with a shuddering orgasm. For a few seconds I remained perfectly still, gazing down at Wendy, who had her eyes closed and her arms thrown back against the bedhead. Then slowly - very slowly - I eased my cock out of her, so that her arsehole was left gaping open for a few seconds before it suddenly clenched shut, a little of my sperm being squeezed out and dribbling down towards her cunt. 

It was only at this point that remembered I should have been recording all of this with my camera. I went into my study and found it. On the way back I picked up the water jug from the lounge room, and gave it to them to drink some more.

I now got them to sit next to each other on the bed, legs spread and cunts pulled open, and took a few shots. I compared their cunts. The skin around Wendy’s slit was a little darker, and Vanessa’s pussy lips protruded a little more out of her body, but they were both beautiful, and I slid two fingers into both of them and finger-fucked them simultaneously for a few minutes. 

Taking up the camera again I put them into various poses, including a 69 position with Vanessa on top, and got a few close-ups of her grinding her arse against Wendy’s face, and made Wendy stick her tongue, and then her fingers, into Vanessa’s anus. Finally, on a whim, I told Vanessa to try and fist the girl. Vanessa coated her hand with lube and tried to push it into her, but despite her best efforts, she could only get it halfway into the tight vagina.

Wendy’s face was screwed up as Vanessa fistfucked her. She looked up at me imploringly. "Please, please, I need to go to the toilet."

"That’s excellent news," I said to her. "Wait here." I went into the bathroom and got some towels, and laid them out on the floor next to the bed, and got Vanessa to lie down on them.

"Come," I said, taking Wendy by the arm, "squat over her." I made her squat so that her crotch was over Vanessa’s face, and picked up my camera again. "Piss on her," I said. Wendy looked embarrassed. "Go on," I said. Her face screwed up with concentration, and then a little stream of yellow spurted out of her peehole, hitting Vanessa’s chin and running down her neck.

"That’s it," I said. "Now piss in her mouth." I could see the red flesh around the girl’s peehole writhing as she put pressure on her bladder, and suddenly a thick stream of piss cascaded out of her, splashing into Vanessa’s mouth, rapidly filling it. I started to take a few shots.

"Drink it," I said to Vanessa, taking pictures, "Drink her piss," and Vanessa began to gulp it down, spluttering, the girl’s strong-smelling urine flooding over her face, into her eyes, until the stream abated.

"Very good," I said. "Now swap places."

Wendy looked up at me when I said this, a startled look on her face. I don’t think she liked the idea, but she did as she was told. Vanessa stood up, the piss still dripping over her breasts, and Wendy took her place on the towel. Vanessa squatted over her and immediately a great stream of piss gushed out of her, splashing onto Wendy’s face and taking her by surprise. Wendy gasped, grimacing as the pee ran over her face and into her hair.

While watching all this I had managed to get myself hard again. I told Wendy to sit up and stood in front of her, cock in hand and, giving a few last strokes, ejaculated, shooting a thin stream of sperm onto her cheek, definitely my last for the night. My dick began to soften immediately, and aiming it at her forehead, I began to piss on her too. I grabbed hold of her chin and held her mouth open and aimed the stream right into it. When the flow began to cease I stepped back a little, letting the last few drops land on her flat chest.

I looked at my watch and saw it was past two a.m. We went into the bathroom and took turns under the shower. After toweling each other dry we returned to the bedroom and got into bed with Wendy lying between me and Vanessa. I switched the lights off and, putting my arm around Wendy, pressing her little girlish body to mine, went to sleep.

When I woke it was daylight. I was lying next to Vanessa, who was still asleep. I rolled over and saw that Wendy was standing by the bed. She had her bra on and was pulling her white panties up. 

I sat up, yawning, and motioned to Wendy to come and sit by me on the bed. I put my arm around her shoulders and kissed her on the cheek. "You’re beautiful," I said, slipping my index finger into the front of her bra and pulling it away from her chest, uncovering her little puckered brown nipples. I went to kiss one of them but she pulled away.

"No, you only pay for the night," she said.

"How would you like to stay for lunch?" I said. "I’m sure we can come to some arrangement."