 Intro

All characters in this story are fictional and at least 18 years old.

This is a continuation of the story Cory's Senior Year.

*

Chapter 1 (Thursday afternoon)

It was just after noon on Thursday when Cory and Tyler hit the road. They were on their way to a state park about 4 hours away. They had been planning this trip for a couple years, and now they had an extended weekend before the start of the final term of their high school senior year on Tuesday. Four days away from everyone to camp and hike in the mountains. 

Cory was driving so Tyler leaned his seat back, folded his arms over his chest, closed his eyes and said, "Wake me up when we get there." Cory looked at him for a moment, then gave him a sharp smack in the arm with the back of his hand. Tyler laughed.

They were the best of friends and practically identical in every way. They always looked out for each other and couldn't be closer if they were brothers. Tyler was thinking how grateful he was to have Cory as his best friend. He thought about all the things Cory had done for him this last year that led up to going all the way with his girlfriend Rachel. He was thinking about how it started when Cory arranged for an older woman to give him a lesson in how to pleasure a woman. (This was soon after the same woman taught Cory as well.) And some weeks later, he, Cory and Jessica (Cory's recent girlfriend) were at Jessica's house working on a school project. They started talking about a big math test coming up that week.

Jessica said, "I'm not worried. I've got this one in the bag."

"Yeah, right," Cory snickered. "You haven't been doing that well all year."

"I've been getting help. And I'm starting to understand it."

"Sure," said Tyler, "But Cory's right. Your track record isn't that great. We've been doing pretty good and we're thinking this one's gonna be tough. I bet you won't do that great."

"Well there's a confidence booster" she said.

"Oh, sorry. I didn't mean it like that."

"I know. But that's a good idea. I'll take you up on that bet. How 'bout we meet here Friday after we get our tests back?" she asked.

"And...?" Cory asked. Both boys looked puzzled.

"And... if my score is higher than both of yours, you do something that I want," she said with a mischievous look. "Kinda like a truth or dare thing."

The boys looked at each other and said, "Uhh, like what?"

"I'll come up with something," she said. "And if mine's not higher I'll do what you two want."

They thought about it and finally agreed. 

That Friday after school they all met at Jessica's house. Tyler and Cory were pretty confident. They went to her room and all put their tests on the bed together. Cory had 91, Tyler: 92 and Jessica: 94. Jessica got a huge grin on her face. The boys were happy for her, but at the same time were stunned.

"That's it. I win the bet!" Jessica motioned for them to sit on the bed as she pulled up a chair and faced them. "Ready?"

"No," Tyler said. "But I guess we're stuck with it. What do we have to do? Clean your room or something?"

"Nope. You two are going to strip down and suck each others' cocks on my bed while I watch."

Now this wasn't new for Cory and Tyler. They had done this before, but not in front of anyone. And since Jessica had already seen Cory's body, he wasn't nervous about it. But Tyler was just a little, even though he fantasized once or twice about being naked in front of her. So they took off their shirts, then shoes. Then they stood up together, unbuckled their belts and dropped their pants. Right there in full view, Jessica saw two cocks that she couldn't take her eyes off of. Her mouth got suddenly dry and she licked her lips. The boys got back on the bed in a 69 position and began sucking. In a moment they were deep into enjoying each other.

Jessica started rubbing herself. She really had an underlying motive. For a long time she fantasized about having both of these boys at the same time. When the idea of the bet came up, she thought this would be a great way to make it happen. It only took a couple minutes of watching them and she couldn't take it any more. "Mmmmmm," she said. "OK, that's enough of step one. Now on to step two." The boys didn't really want to stop, but they obeyed. "Stand up." She had them stand on either side of her. And without a word she took hold of the two hard cocks before her and began slowly stroking them. The boys closed their eyes and enjoyed the moment. Jessica looked closely at the two beautiful cocks. They were nearly identical. She wanted to taste them, so she had them move close enough together so she could take both of them in her mouth. All three moaned together. "What a wonderful feeling," they all thought.

When Jessica decided it was time to move on to step three, she had Tyler lie on his back on the bed. Cory helped her take her clothes off. Tyler enjoyed seeing her beautiful breasts for the first time. He hoped it wouldn't be the last. Jessica crawled on top of Tyler and slid her pussy down onto his waiting cock. Tyler gasped at the awesome feeling. Then she laid down so her breasts were against Tyler's bare chest and said to Cory, "I want you to stretch me. Slide your cock into my pussy, too. I want both of you inside me. Cory could see in Tyler's eyes that he wanted this as much as Cory. So Cory did as he was told. Slowly he slid his cock inside his girlfriend. He had done this a few times before, but the unusual feeling of his best friend's cock there, too, just made him more excited.

When Cory was fully in, the boys started pumping. Jessica began to pant and even scream just a little. She was so turned on by having these two inside her that she quickly climaxed with a long moan. She collapsed against Tyler and gave him a huge kiss. The boys kept pumping and soon shot their loads inside Jessica. The three of them remained entwined on the bed for a few minutes. Finally Jessica said, "Wow, I should bet you guys more often."

A week or two after that, Cory & Jessica arranged a special rendezvous for Tyler & Rachel. They knew the two of them would hit it off -- they just needed a little push. Tyler started remembering the first time they explored each other's bodies, and how Rachel slid her hand down his pants reaching Tyler's hard....

...suddenly Tyler came out of his daydream by the feeling of Cory's hand on the growing bulge in his pants. Tyler didn't realize he was getting hard just thinking about these events. But Cory noticed and decided he needed to give a little squeeze. Tyler kept his eyes closed and thought about slipping his pants down to give his friend better access to his prize. But he decided to wait until they got to the campsite. "Besides," Tyler thought to himself, "I've got a better surprise for him."

Chapter 2 (Thursday evening)

They reached the park entrance just after supper. They grabbed a quick bite in a nearby town before heading to the park office. They checked in with the rangers, picked up some maps, filled water bottles, and then drove to the trailhead. Once they had their packs strapped on their backs, they headed off to their campsite. It was a warm, sunny evening -- perfect for a hike. They walked for about an hour through hills, woods and fields. The campsite was at the base of a small cliff. A hand pump for water, an outhouse and a small brook were only a few steps away, and a small lake was just a stone's throw away.

Right away they took the loads off their backs. They agreed that Tyler would set up the tent, since it belonged to his family, while Cory gathered up some firewood and started a fire. The tent was a bit on the large side with room for 5 or 6 people. Tyler was embarrassed that he didn't have anything smaller, but knew it would come in handy. 

Once the work was done, the boys decided they should wash up in the lake before the sun went down since they had gotten sweaty from hiking. They grabbed towels and soap and headed down the short path to the lake. At the shore they stripped down and waded into the water. It was a little cool -- especially once they got to that certain sensitive depth for a guy - but not too bad. After getting completely wet, Tyler started to lather up, but Cory stopped him. "Let me do that for you," he said. And he proceeded to rub the soap over Tyler's chest and shoulders. He moved to his arms then around to his back. Tyler enjoyed the feel of Cory's hands on his body. He wanted to lie down, but obviously couldn't. Next, Cory started washing Tyler's butt. And, while standing behind him, reached around and soaped up his pubic hair, his balls, and, finally, his cock that was beginning to grow. Cory was standing close enough behind Tyler that his own stiffening cock was rubbing on Tyler.

Tyler closed his eyes and took a slow, deep breath through his nose. He let out a soft moan. Both boys were enjoying the moment. Without a word, Tyler turned around inside Cory's arms, took the soap from Cory's hand, and began to wash him. Tyler started with Cory's arms, then moved to his chest. He slowly worked down his belly and briefly soaped Cory's cock and balls, then moved around to his back and butt. When he finished, he moved back around to Cory's front, knelt down, then soaped up Cory's private parts real good. This lube got Cory very hard. When Tyler decided Cory was clean, he splashed water on Cory's hard cock to get the soap off. Then he leaned forward and invited Cory's cock into his willing mouth. Cory moaned, which excited Tyler. He sucked and licked Cory a moment until Cory stopped him. "I'm about to cum. I need to help you first. Come and lie down in the shallow water."

Tyler lied down so most of his body was submerged except for his cock. Cory finished washing Tyler's legs, then began licking and sucking his balls and cock. Tyler was enjoying the outdoor cock sucking so much that he almost forgot about helping his friend. After a couple minutes enjoying Cory's mouth on him, he said, "Lie down next to me so I can have your cock back in my mouth, Cor." In a moment they were both enjoying the other's hard cocks as the sun set on a beautiful evening. Soon, Tyler was convulsing with pleasure as he shot his big load. Cory pulled back and grabbed Tyler's cock just in time for him to shoot high in the air. Tyler let out a big moan as several pulses released his warm cum. After a few moments, Tyler returned to Cory's patiently waiting cock. Cory laid back with his hand still on Tyler's cock. Soon Tyler had Cory worked up enough that he, too, shot several streams of cum into the air. Once Cory had finished and let out a sigh, Tyler leaned over and took his cock into his mouth again and licked off the drip of cum still on it.

By now the sun had set. The boys finished washing up and stepped out of the water. They dried off, picked up their clothes and walked, naked, back to the camp. Fortunately there were no mosquitoes out yet. They tossed their clothes into the tent. Then they sat down by the warm fire and started roasting marshmallows.

Once they had enough marshmallows, the boys decided it was time to crawl into the tent and make plans for tomorrow's hike. Cory turned on a lantern and they doused the fire - which was nearly out anyway. Once inside the tent Cory hung the lantern so they had enough light to see the trail map. Each crawled into his sleeping bag and they opened up the map between them. They proceeded to evaluate several options and finally decided on one. And when they started getting sleepy, Tyler turned off the lantern, and soon after they were sound asleep.

Chapter 3 (Friday)

After a long night's sleep the bright sun and noisy birds woke the boys. It was mid-morning when they finally got dressed and had some breakfast. Then it was time to put on their packs and head out. They took a trail that followed the brook for a while. Soon there were several switchbacks as they climbed up to the top of the cliff overlooking their campsite and the lake. They each took out their cameras to get shots of the great scenery.

"I've got an idea," Cory said as he started digging around in his pack. He pulled out a small tripod that he used to mount the camera on a nearby tree. "Let's get some nude shots while we're here." Tyler was game. So they got everything ready then stripped down to their bare skin. First, Cory took a few shots of Tyler in various poses. Then Tyler took some of Cory. Both boys had taken a photography class where they found they had pretty good eyes for it. Before getting dressed they tried some creative shots with both of them. After several minutes they decided to move along. Once dressed, they got back on the trail.

The trail was basically a big loop that went around the lake, following the base of the surrounding mountains. It would take them a few hours to complete it. They took their time just enjoying the solitude away from school, away from everyone. They saw a couple deer across a big meadow. They waited, hoping the animals would come close enough for decent pictures. But eventually the deer wandered into the woods. About half way around they found a nice ridge where they stopped for lunch. They tried to see where their campsite was, but there were too many trees.

Both boys were tired when they made it back to camp. They dropped their packs and sat down for a few minutes. They looked at each other knowing what the other was thinking and, both said at the same time, "I'm hungry." They laughed and started preparing to eat.

Once their stomachs were full, they put away the supper gear. Then they returned to the lake to wash up again. Only this time they just washed up and went back to sit by the fire. It was a beautiful evening. When the sun started getting low, Tyler said, "Hey, get your tripod out again. Let's see if we can get some silhouette pictures with the sunset." Cory knew just what he had in mind. So they set up a camera and stripped down again. The idea was to get some full, naked body pictures in front of the setting sun. The first few were relaxed, but then they got their cocks hard so their profiles showed them sticking way out. They took pictures back to back while at full attention, and face to face with cocks touching. When they went back to review them, they realized just how hot the pictures were.

Tyler realized it was starting to get late and said, "We should probably go to bed. Tomorrow's hike is going to be a long one." Cory agreed. They put out the fire and got into the tent.

"Hey Ty," Cory said. "Let's zip the sleeping bags together. It'll be warmer."

"Sure," Tyler said with a smile, knowing it had nothing to do with staying warm.

Once the bags were together, they put out the light and crawled in. Almost immediately each boy had the other's cock in his hand and started stroking. Cory decided to try something different and slid himself down into the bags. It wasn't an easy thing to do since there's only so much space in a sleeping bag. Tyler chuckled. Cory managed to get down far enough to get his mouth on Tyler's now very firm cock. Tyler closed his eyes and let out a soft, "Mmmmmmmm" as Cory licked his cock and massaged his balls. He continued until he brought his best friend to a climax right in his mouth. Tyler gasped as he lost control. "Oh, man, Cor." His heart was pounding and his breathing was heavy. When the pleasure subsided, Cory swallowed and popped his head back out of the sleeping bag. 

Tyler immediately went to work. His hands slid over Cory's chest. His tongue found Cory's nipples while a hand explored his balls. Tyler worked his lips and tongue down Cory's chest and stomach until he, too, was way down in the sleeping bags. He ran his tongue all around Cory's balls, up and down his shaft, around his head making Cory flinch. He worked all over the hard cock and then took as much into his mouth as he could. Cory didn't last long and soon was panting and groaning as he filled Tyler's mouth with warm cum. "Oh. Ohhhh," he gasped. Now it was Cory's heart that was pounding.

When Cory was finished, Tyler came back up. And they massaged each other's parts until they fell asleep.

Chapter 4 (Saturday morning)

When the sun came up, the boys got up and had some breakfast. Then they got their packs ready and started out on their hike. They followed a different trail that worked its way farther up into the mountains than yesterday's hike. Much of the trail was wooded, with an occasional stream crossing and some small ponds along the way. They didn't see much wildlife this day.

Every now and then along the way, one of them would stop for a picture of something that caught his eye - an unusual looking tree, a view of the mountains, and so on. They planned to make it to a waterfall where they would stop for lunch. As the time went by they kept hoping to hear the sound of rushing water. As it got closer to lunch time, they became more anxious for the sound that meant they were getting close. Finally, just before 1:00 they heard it, and a few minutes later stepped into an opening in the trees and saw the waterfall. It was about 20 feet high and fell into a small pool about 100 feet across. The side of the pool where the water was falling was a rock wall. The rest of the ground was fairly flat with grass and trees.

They dropped their packs on the ground. Both needed to cool off their feet before eating, so they climbed onto a rock on the edge of the water, took off their boots and socks, and let their feet hang in the water. Each let out an "Aaahhh, that feels good." After a few minutes it was time to dig lunch out of their packs. It was a beautiful place to stop and rest. Some birds were chirping up in the trees. The sun was shining. They allowed themselves an hour before they needed to hit the trail again.

After lunch they climbed around the rock wall. They found a way up to the top of the waterfall and saw a great view of the valley below. Cameras came out for several pictures. Then they found some big flat rocks and stretched out in the sun.

"This would be a great place to get naked and just lie in the sun," Cory said.

"Yeah," Tyler replied. "And to suck each other off. But we have a schedule to keep. So, on your feet, you lazy slacker."

"Aye, aye, sir." They both laughed. And with that it was time to get back on the trail.

The rest of the hike was very scenic. It took them about 3 hours to get back to their campsite. They took an occasional breather and pit stop - after which one of them would give the other's cock a few squeezes with his hand. Then it was back to hiking. They were getting tired. But Tyler seemed to have a bit more energy in anticipation of getting back to camp, so he kept them moving.

Chapter 5 (Saturday evening)

When they finally made it to their campsite, Cory started preparing for the fire. Tyler said, "I'll go get the matches" and crawled into the tent. A moment later he called out, "Hey Cor, come here a sec."

"What's up?" he asked as he opened the flap and crawled in.

"SURPRISE!" came three voices. Cory's mouth dropped as he saw Jessica and Rachel standing there with Tyler. Both had big smiles on their faces as they threw their arms around Cory.

"What...? How....?" Cory stammered. "You both said you had to work this weekend."

"We did," answered Jessica. "But Tyler wanted to surprise you. So he ran all around trying to find people to cover our shifts so we could be here part of the time. I don't know how he pulled it off. He must have done a lot of begging. Maybe some sexual favors, too," she said with a wink and smile at Tyler.

Rachel continued, "So the plan was to get here while you were out hiking. We got here maybe an hour ago and just hung out."

"This is great," Cory said. 

"Oh, we brought more food, too" said Rachel.

"Yep. Now you boys go get washed up and we'll make supper," Jessica added.
