 Friends Cottage - 

A few years back, my husband and I were swingers. Neither of us really knows why it stopped, but it just sort of teetered off and now a few years have gone since we were actively in the lifestyle. We made some great friends and although not actively in the lifestyle, we maintain those friendships to this day.

One summer we were invited up to a couple's cottage in Northern Ontario. We had spent some time with this couple in the past and had developed a really great friendship. They were very easy going and even easier on the eyes.

Pam was a tall (5'11") blonde woman who exuded confidence and sexual energy. Her love for men and women could not be quenched. Her husband Dean had a smile that could melt the panties off any woman. He was an inch or two shorter, salt and pepper hair and a nice stocky build.

We arrived at their beautiful cottage and helped them unpack and get things stowed away. It was relatively early when Dean asked if my hubby wanted to go for a ride on the ATV's and try fly fishing on lake further back from their cottage. Pam indicated that I should go too as the view is amazing and she had some things she wanted to finish up so they could get settled.

I jumped on the back of the ATV my hubby was driving and he followed Dean up and down trails. Dean stopped to point out things of interest and see how we were holding up on the ride. After a while we arrived at this amazing little crystal clear lake.

Dean pointed out to the lake, "This is the best trout lake around! I have caught some big trout right here." 

My hubby immediately grabbed his fly rod and headed to the water's edge.

Dean asked me if I was going to fish as well. "No, I'm just going to watch," I said with a smile.

Leaning against his ATV, he indicated that he hadn't gotten a hug yet. Dean opened his arms invitingly and I went over and gave him a big hug. He held me close to him and gave me a gentle kiss on the lips. As I turned around to watch hubby, Dean pulled me back so I was leaning against him.

We stood there talking and watching David fish. Slowly I felt Dean's hands slip under the hem of the t-shirt I was wearing. His touch on my skin was electric. My stomach tensed and he slowly continued his hand up across my belly and brushed the underside of my breasts. My nipples hardened immediately against the fabric of the bikini I was wearing underneath. Pulling me tighter to him he kissed my ear, slowly moving the hair from my neck before attacking it with his mouth. I just closed my eyes and gave my neck to him. His big hands grabbed both my breasts and squeezed them firmly.

Breathing heavily in my ear, "Grace, you have the sexiest little body."

Every once in a while he'd call down to David and comment about the fishing or his technique. His hands never stopped their slow methodical massage of my breasts. To say I was excited would have been a huge understatement. After an eternity of playing with my breasts, he just lifted my shirt up exposing my breasts to the warm summer air. 

Dean smiled as my shirt lifted over my head. "That is much better, isn't it?"

I turned my head and we began to make out. He grabbed my hand and pulled it behind my back resting it on the bulge pressing against the fabric of his bathing suit trunks. I slowly stroked its length through his shorts. 

"Mmm yes," he moaned as we kissed

At one point hubby looked up seeing my breasts exposed, smiling when he saw Dean playing with them. He gave a "thumbs up" then turned to fish again. 

Dean immediately turned the game on overdrive and pulled his shorts down until his hard cock popped out. Reaching back, I grabbed it and stroked it behind my back with both of my hands. One of his hands slid easily down the front of my shorts. Wasting no time, his hand went under my bikini bottoms too. His hand slid down my bare mound and straight to my pussy. 

Quickly he teased my clit with his fingers after running them over my wetness. His slippery fingers teased my sensitive button making me weak in the knees. Dean would run up and down my slit, poking my opening a little more every time. I just continued to get wetter and eventually, his fingers were pounding in and out my pussy. His other hand squeezed at my breasts and his lips sucked on my neck and ear. My orgasm came quickly and was so intense; he never skipped a beat with his fingers continuing to make sure he got it all out of me.

Once I got my composure back he spun me around, holding my face and kissed me. Dean's tongue probed my mouth and his hands grabbed my ass firmly as he massaged it roughly. As we continued kissing, I felt my shorts being slipped down my legs. 

Dean immediately put his hand on my bare ass. It was then that I realized that someone was no longer fishing and had just slid my shorts and bikini bottoms off. Dean decided I didn't need a top either and pulled my shirt and bikini top off over my head in a single tug.

Dean sucked on my nipples and breasts, his hands grabbing and opening my ass cheeks. I felt his fingers probing at the opening of my pussy playing with the wetness. His cock twitched wildly in excitement. I could tell he wanted me to suck him by the way his hands moved to my hair. 

Kneeling down on the clothes gathered at my feet, I sucked his cock head quickly in to my mouth. The tip oozed his precum as I ran my tongue over it sucking it deeper in to my mouth. His hands gripped my hair tighter as his hips began to move. I held my head still as he fucked my mouth slowly with deep strokes. 

Dean's hard cock was pushing at the back of my mouth threatening to enter my throat. I sucked and flicked my tongue wildly on his cock as he began to pick up pace on fucking my face faster and holding my hair even tighter. The wetter my mouth got, the harder he started fucking me until his cock slowly pushed its way down my throat. My eyes watered as his hard cock assaulted my throat. Once he got it in my throat his stroke changed so his head never left.

I could feel his cock pulsing and his breathing getting louder. I grabbed his balls and held them in my hand while the other went to his tight ass and guided him in and out of me. Fully expecting to take a big load of cum down my throat I started to fuck his cock with my mouth. 

He moaned loudly and pulled his cock out of my mouth and jerked it all over my lips and chin. His huge load dripped all over my tits and his hands grabbed them massaging his cum all over them. I wiped my face with his shirt and smiled.

"Better?" I inquired.

He just smiled and pulled me to my feet and pushed me over the ATV with my ass in the air. He quickly kneeled behind me and started to lick my pussy from behind. Like a starving man his tongue lapped at my pussy and began to probe me. 

I closed my eyes and enjoyed the wonderful feelings his tongue was causing. He licked and sucked me feverishly as he worked to bring me an orgasm. I watched closely as my husband moved around the ATV.

Opening my mouth, David's cock slowly entered my mouth taking his turn. He slid his cock in and out rhythmically. I took him deep in to my throat easily, giving myself to his beautiful cock. 

Dean was now licking me from my clitoris to my bum and fingering the hell out of my wet pussy. 

Dean looked at my hubby and indicated that he should fuck my pussy now. I desperately needed it and Dean was very right indeed. Hubby jumped behind me thrusting deeply in to me causing me to scream out as he fucked me furiously. He pounded me hard against the cold hard ATV as I pressed further in to the seat. 

Dean moved around to the other side of the ATV and started kissing me again. Our tongues intertwined as wave after wave of intense orgasms flooded over my hubby's hard cock. I couldn't stop cumming and he wasn't about to stop fucking me. 

Dean stopped kissing me and stood up to show me he was hard again. I grabbed his cock and pulled it in to my mouth. Dean never made any secrets about wanting to fuck me, but we maintained a 'no intercourse' rule when we played with others.

Sucking and getting fucked like a complete whore for an eternity in the outdoors was so erotic. My mind spun with emotions and fears of getting caught which made it all that more intense.

I came countless times until I collapsed on the ATV. Noticing that I had enough, the guys started changed their focus to their own pleasure. 

Dean was extremely turned on. "This time, I am going to blow this fucking load down your throat"

David coaxed him on. "Give it to her! Shoot it down her throat!" 

It only took a couple minutes and Dean was moaning like a wild man with his cock buried in my throat shooting his load straight to my belly. Dean's moans triggered my husband who couldn't hold off anymore and he exploded in my pussy pushing it deep in me.

We all just stopped there as time stood still. I felt the cool air on my pussy as my hubby pulled out. His cum dripped from my pussy and Dean's cock retreated from my throat leaving a trail of cum across my tongue. 

We got dressed and made our way back to the cottage. Pam smiled when we pulled up seeing that Dean and my hubby didn't have their shirts on. The boys went in the cottage and Pam walked up to me asking if I had a fun ride. It didn't take a rocket scientist to know that I had the shit fucked out of me. 

She grabbed my hand and pulled me to their gazebo. She pushed my shorts and bikini down to the floor exposing my swollen and dripping pussy. Immediately she pushed me back and began cleaning my pussy of my hubby's cum.

"I believe this load was meant for me." She giggled. I came again as she licked and sucked the cum from deep within me. Her fingers probing my pussy to ensure she got it all out of me. 

When she was satisfied that she had gotten it all, she stood up, pulled me to my feet and kissed me. 

"Perfect timing," she said. "Dinner is ready." 

With that she turned and headed in to the cottage leaving me naked in the gazebo. 

We spent the next three days at their cottage. Needless to say there was a lot of flirting, sex and release over the weekend. 

If you want to know about the rest of the weekend, send me feedback and let me know. I would love to share more of the details if the interest is there.