 It was Friday noon hour. I had been visiting my head office all week, and found myself with time to kill. My wife Angela and I had been invited to stay through the weekend at my boss's Georgian Bay cottage but she would not arrive until later that day.

My boss is a very wealthy man. I was engaged as the Manager of one of his investments, an operating underground gold mine in Nevada. It was more of a hobby to him than anything and his one venture into mining. Gold mines either lose money or make ridiculous profits depending on the price of gold. At this point in time we were rolling in cash and that tends to add to the luster of the Manager. This invitation to the Boss's cottage was a result of my improved stature in his organization. Or so I assumed.

Gordon and his wife Elizabeth were in their mid fifties and we had socialized with them on numerous occasions; mostly at events such as conventions and workshops, and in cases like this, quarterly visits to the head office. 

Despite differences in our social standing we seemed to have much in common and our encounters grew more pleasant and intimate as time passed. We usually spent one evening together at a high-end restaurant. Angela and I enjoyed fine dining in particular, as we only had roadside diners available in our hometown. 

On this occasion I had flown out earlier while Angela had stayed home until the end of my workweek. The plan was for us to stay overnight at my hotel, rent a car and then drive out to our host's cottage on Saturday morning. I was planning to meet her at the airport around 5 pm.

I was cleaning up my desk prior to returning to the hotel when Gordon called me into his office. "We wanted to get away to the cottage early this afternoon but something has come up and I can't leave until later. Elizabeth is heading up anyway, so why not check out of your hotel now and join her for the afternoon. I will be free in time to pick Angela up at the airport and join you later this evening. This way we can have an extra night together at the lake."

I agreed and he relayed my decision to Elizabeth who left word for me to be ready outside my hotel. I texted a warning to Angela about who to expect at the airport and then hustled off to check out.

Elizabeth showed up in a full size limo complete with a driver named Rod. He opened the rear door for me and then placed my suitcase in the trunk. Damn, I really was playing on a larger stage; I normally rode around in a pick up truck.

Elizabeth reached out for my hand as I slipped in beside of her. She was smiling with obvious pleasure and leaned ahead to plant a lingering kiss on my lips with a "How are you Jim?"

She continued holding my hand after the kiss; her palm was flush on mine, and our fingers slowly interlocked. It was the most erotic handshake in my experience. I was almost speechless, but struggled out a greeting, "Ah, fine, yes I'm fine, so nice to see you again Liz." 

Women have a way of advising you of their feelings with simple touches on the arm or leg. This handclasp was telling me a lot about where Elizabeth's thoughts were. It was full of promise and extremely suggestive. Rod hopped in the front and edged the car out into the Friday afternoon traffic.

Elizabeth is a quietly beautiful woman living life with ease and confidence. I had always been attracted to self-confident women, rich or poor. Although I have been a bit of a predator in my life, I would never have made the first move on Elizabeth, aside from the fact that she was my Boss's wife. She simply gave the impression that any contact would be by 'invitation only'. I was reading 'invitation' with every nuance of her greeting.

She wore a light summer dress, snug around her upper body with a flared skirt. This was apparently cottage apparel but she could have attended an opera, she looked that elegant. Her slender legs coiled and uncoiled effortlessly as we settled down. And she smelled so fine! 

She eased any discomfiture I might have had with questions about life since we had last met. That had been at a convention in Las Vegas where we had occasion to dance several times to slow music. She had danced like she spoke, comfortable and relaxed; her body glued to mine like melted cheese on toast.

She had slipped one breast under my arm, pressed her hips against mine, and parted her legs for my knee. When I grew hard she responded by moving her mouth to my shoulder and neck, brushing my skin with soft lips while her sweet breath wafted in my ear. She held onto me after each dance and whispered, "Another one." 

She and Gordon invited us up to their spacious suite for a good night drink. Elizabeth led me over to a bay window to look out over the city, while Gordon and Angela danced again. Angela and I were a little overwhelmed, as they had never been up this close and personal before. But it was very exciting and Elizabeth's tongue filled good night kiss had certainly left me with the impression there was more available.

There was a line of clothes on the floor from our room door to the bedroom when we returned to our suite. There was no need for foreplay, we were side by side and locked as one within seconds of hitting the mattress. Following the initial clash of bodies we slowed down and reviewed the evening. 

"Did you feel as if we were being scouted?" I asked.

"Oh yes, it was fun, I thought Gordon was going to ask me to sleep with him," moaned my lovely wife as she ground her hips around my buried shaft. "He couldn't keep his hands off my ass all night, and I let him rub on me all he wanted. I'm so horny!"

"Elizabeth was all over me too," I whispered, "it was more like a standing dry fuck than dancing." I rolled on top of Angela and we laid into each other with wild abandon.

We lay side by side, still breathing heavily, holding hands. "What happens now do you think? I'm going to have a hard time facing him," I offered.

"Not to worry babe," reasoned my wife, "It was all their show. I just think that they like us in an erotic sort of way."

Angela and I walked the straight and narrow in our hometown. We were big frogs in a small pond and could not afford being seen as anything but faithful husband and wife and pillars of the community. But away from home things were different, and we had exchanged partners with close friends on several occasions. It was more of a diversion for us than an obsession, but it was a very pleasant diversion.

Our curiosity about our boss's intentions remained unanswered for several months. Any exchanges we had during that time were devoid of anything personal; it was all business. But suddenly we were invited to join them for this weekend at their cottage.

We were enjoying slow conversational sex the night before I traveled east. I asked Angela if she would really put out for Gordon; he was older and not in the best shape. She moved a bit to capture my knob in her pussy lips and groaned, "He fascinates me, he's wealthy, he exudes power, he likes me, I'd fuck him in a minute." That drove the both of us over the edge and we were off in about five strokes. We were ready. We giggled as we lay spent, "Bring them on," choked Angela.

Elizabeth and I were becoming more comfortable as the hills and lakes rolled by, the comfort aided by a bottle of French wine. She was leaning back in the corner of the seat, facing me almost full on. Her supple legs wormed and squirmed around and I made no attempt to ignore the sight of more and more bare leg and thigh as the hem of her skirt worked its way upwards providing glimpses of pink lace-trimmed panties. 

She was teasing and provocative, touching my leg or arm whenever I said something remotely funny. I glanced a few times at Rod in the front until she smiled and said, "Don't worry about Rod, he sees and hears nothing." There was a tinted window between us as well but I presumed that he could see us if he wished to look.

The drive lasted about two hours, and while the sexual tension increased, we had not taken any overt action. We were almost at the cottage when she leaned towards me, fastened her eyes on mine and asked, "Are you and Angela interested in an erotic exchange this weekend? Gordon and I enjoy making out with special people." 

There was no beating around the bush with this gal. But when you think about our relative situations, if she thought that I was interested, and she knew that I was, there was nothing lost in asking. In answer I brushed her breast with my hand as I slid it under her arm to pull her to me for a soft tender kiss.

The "cottage" was huge, six bedrooms, servant quarters, boathouse and sauna by the lake, all perched on several acres of lakeside property with both deep water at the dock and a small beach to one side. A small floatplane tied to the dock, rocked gently in the waves. There were a few other cottages visible but with acres of bush separating them. How do you spell 'too much money'.

My eyes fastened on Elizabeth's round bum and bare legs as I followed her and Rod upstairs to my room. I came very close to running a hand up between her legs. What is it about ladies on a stairway?

She lingered in the room with me for a few minutes chatting away and relating the history of the place. She said, "I have to go down and see Rod off, and get Stephanie moving on dinner. Will you be taking a shower?"

"Yes, I was thinking it might be a good way to relax and settle in."

She responded in an offhand manner, "Good, I might join you if things are under control downstairs."

This statement had two possible interpretations so I hinted my preference with, "Hmm, now that would be nice." 

She laughed and kissed my cheek and said, "We'll see what happens!"

I put away my clothes, stripped and walked naked into the bathroom, a large room with shower and hot tub and a full mirror over an ornate vanity and sink. I shaved and had just concluded that I would be showering alone and reached in to turn on the hot water, when I sensed movement behind me. 

She looked absolutely stunning clad in a white terry cloth robe; her hair bundled up in a shower cap. My growing erection swung wildly towards her as I turned.

"Oh my goodness" she murmured, eyes fastened on my shaft and purple knob, "Whatever have you been thinking about?" She stepped towards me her hands holding the robe ties. She placed her hands on my shoulders as I tugged them open and looked down.

Her body was more tiny and slender than I had imagined. Her prominent ribs served to set off her dangling grapefruit sized breasts; long nipples jutting out invitingly. There was an erotic space between her supple legs, topped by a prominent mound adorned with a black and gray mottled strip of bush, framed by wide hips.

I ran the palm of my hand over the tips of her elongated nipples, jutting out like the first digits on a finger. "You are very beautiful Liz." 

The robe dropped to the floor of its own volition as our bodies merged, much as they had on the dance floor months before. Mouths and tongues melted together as we ground against each other. Suddenly my cock was between her legs, my knob probing for the entry point as she slowly eased her wet slit back and forth along the top of my shaft. 

I moved her toward the steaming shower stall, but she murmured, "Not in the shower." 

I did not argue the point and lifted her and carried her backwards, setting her butt down on the vanity. She pulled off the shower cap and shook out her black gray streaked hair. We came together once again, she hooking her legs behind mine as I fumbled to get my cock close to her pussy. She murmured in my ear, "Slower Jim, we have the time, slow down."

I pulled away as she settled back bracing herself with her hands. Her entire body was in a relaxed but ready state. I bent to rub my face between her breasts, licking the aureoles and kissing the nipples. 

She reached down between us with one hand to find my cock, sucking in her breath as I swallowed a long nipple. "Harder, suck harder," she murmured as her delicate hand slipped back and forth on my shaft, rubbing the knob against her thighs. 

I pinched the nipple hard with my lips, pulling and stretching it out away from her body. She cried out when I grazed the nipple with my teeth. "Yes, yes," she moaned and promptly replaced one nipple with the other. Her feathery finger was tracing little circles around my knob. 

We looked down between her legs at my swollen shaft and knob. "You know my secret now don't you," she breathed, biting at her lip as the knob disappeared into her slit. I pushed ahead as her lips closed around and behind the head. She settled back on her hands, her head thrown back as my knob forged its way through the hot folds of her pussy. She squeezed hard, as if trying to prevent me from entering. I pulled her ass ahead, so that her slit was at the edge of the vanity, allowing me to penetrate deep enough to allow our pubic bones to engage and rub. 

I stood there between her legs, grinding but not stroking her, the two of us wallowing in much anticipated pleasure. She twisted and turned her hips, clutching and releasing my buried shaft. Hooking her arms around my neck she encircled me with her legs, heels pressing into the back of my thighs. "Now, now, no more tease, don't wait, take me, use me," she was almost crying.

Despite her demands and apparent need to get off, I moved slowly, withdrawing, swirling my knob in her swollen lips, sliding it slowly back in, rubbing my shaft side to side as I stroked, gradually increasing the speed of my thrusts. Soon I lost it and joined her in a mad scramble to get off. 

"Harder, faster, I'm coming, I'm coming," she cried, as her butt almost slid off of the vanity, so desperate was she to consume me. We slammed together, my first bolt of cum setting her off. We trembled and shook as I stood there inside of her on weakened knees. Some slow achingly delightful finishing strokes ensued as she gradually squeezed my softening cock out of her. She sat back again smiling.

"Oh that was so nice. The best 'first time' I have ever had," she purred. She played with her nipples, all swollen and red from my efforts, "They are sore, just the way I like them," she grinned at me. And then, "Now the shower."

I did not ask about the 'no sex' in the shower, but just followed her in and grabbed the soap. I would not say that the shower was non-sexual, but there was no hint of a re-engagement while in there. We toweled off separately. She pulled on her robe and kissed me lightly, "See you later sweet man," and she was away.

I dressed and went for a walk around the grounds. It was a beautiful time of day to be on a lake. The sun was setting and a light breeze blew onshore to cool the heat of the day. I glanced around to see that the limo had returned and my wife was striding towards me.

Angela is a beautiful woman. Not just physical beauty, but the very way she takes life as it comes. She has a smile for everyone and seldom bears a grudge for more than a few minutes. She looked somewhat disheveled with her red hair, makeup and clothes in disarray. We kissed and she hugged me and whispered, "My God, what a day! But it was a lot of fun. Let's get me to a bath so that I can tell you all about it."

As we entered the house, Elizabeth greeted my wife with a soft hug and light kiss. They truly did like each other. How fortunate for me.

I was totally enraptured by her naked beauty as she eased herself into the warm foamy water. She lay back against the side of the tub and stretched out her legs. Her breasts floated to the top, pink nipples appearing like fishing floats in the bubbles, the outline of her red bush flashed in and out of my view as she splashed around.

She settled down and her eyes found mine. "Do you want to hear my story? Or do you want to tell me yours first? I just know you have one to tell."

I suggested she tell me hers first. That would allow me to be as truthful as I dared when it came my turn.

"Well, the excitement started as soon as I entered the departure lounge at the airport. This great looking guy was beside me in minutes. We seemed to have a lot in common and chatted easily. He managed to exchange seats with the person beside me on the aircraft.

To make a long story short, he hit on me. It was fun; I was very pleased with the attention and flirted with him outrageously. Our thighs were in constant contact and I rubbed my tit on his elbow or arm at every opportunity. I allowed him to slide his hand part way up my skirt. It was so erotic, out on my own in the world with an exciting man interested in me, not like our hometown where they are all afraid of you.

He asked to meet me somewhere when we landed, a drink and dinner and a hint of more. If I had not known who was meeting me when I landed, I would have joined him for a drink at least.

Gordon was waiting at the baggage claim when I came out, his man standing beside him. He was very gracious, greeting me with a warm kiss and hug, and introducing me to, what's his name, oh yes, Rod. A real hunk by the way, but he did not give me the time of day. I admit that I was a little disappointed. I had assumed all men desired me after those five hours on the plane.

At any rate we were off quickly, Gordon and I in the back seat of that monster of a car with 'zombie man' alone in the front. I swear he never looked back once during the drive. Good thing too as it turned out."

She laughed at the look on my face. "Lover, don't look so surprised. You know what we thought, even hoped, would happen this weekend. I am just a willing partner in your plans, ready to accept my fate for both our pleasure and our future."

I smiled, "Of course doll, I am not in any position to point fingers." She splashed some water at me.

She continued, "It did not take Gordon long to show his true intentions. I was receptive to his advances, already aroused and in an amorous mood." 

She prattled away, "First came the champagne. You know the effect that champagne has on me. I was giddy in minutes and an easy target for a horny man. But he was very patient and did not force anything on me. I was letting him see enough of my thighs and boobs for him to know he was welcome." This followed by another giggle from my lovely wife as she relived her crazy day.

"He pulled me towards him, sort of up over him as he lay back in one corner of the seat. We kissed. It was very sweet and not aggressive, allowing me to react in my own way. I slipped my tongue into his mouth, and he slid one hand up under the back of my skirt. God, his hands were hot. He was hard already, could feel it on my belly and along my hip. Damn, after the day I had I wanted that damn thing in me."

Angela was more serious as she settled into the erotic aspects of her story. Her eyes were languid as she watched my reaction; she licked and bit at her lips while caressing her lightly freckled breasts. She raised one knee until it was out of the water and spread it suggestively.

"He asked me for my panties. I didn't want to, as I knew they would be in a mess after my long day of travel and arousal. He insisted, in a nice way, telling me that he wanted to hold them and smell them. You know how hot I get when a man talks about my panties and infers that he wants what's in them. You do it to me all of the time.

I almost got off as I pulled them down and handed them to him. He rubbed them on his face and mouth. His eyes burned into mine. He was fully erect, his shaft bulging up under his belt."

I stripped down and climbed into the tub beside her. She did not appear to notice me; she was in a trance-like state as she recalled her day in the limo. 

"What did you do baby?" I groaned, as the mental picture of her with another man coursed through my mind.

"He pulled me to towards him, turning me so that I was laying with my back across his body and my legs stretched out along the seat. He's so strong; he handled me like I was a paper doll. He pulled my skirt up around my knees, baring my lower body. I was trembling baby, and so was he. He pulled my legs apart, easing one foot down on the floor so that I was spread wide open. One big hand cupped my knee and slowly slipped up my inner thigh until the edge of it rubbed along the full length of my pussy.
