 My wife Angela and I had accepted an invitation from the President of my company to join he and his wife Elizabeth for a weekend at their cottage. Part 1 of this story described the first day of our visit.



We had been aware for some time that they enjoyed the intimate company of other couples. They had shown considerable interest in the two of us and we had prepared ourselves for an erotic weekend. Angela and I were not 'babes in the woods' and had previously exchanged partners with close friends. 

Our suspicions were confirmed in a most delightful manner during the two-hour drive to the cottage from the city. Circumstances had dictated that I travel up alone with Elizabeth and Gordon would accompany Angela a few hours later. We reaffirmed that the erotic spark previously ignited was still burning during the drive.

The 'cottage' turned out to be a large multi-bedroom home, built on the shores of a big lake, complete with docks, boathouse, sauna and other outbuildings. A young couple, Rod and Stephanie, lived on site and served as caretakers, cooks, maintenance workers and limo drivers.

Elizabeth joined me for a shower shortly after our arrival. We enjoyed our first full sexual encounter with her perched on the bathroom vanity and me between her legs. Angela and Gordon restricted themselves to passionate kisses and hand jobs in the limo. 

Despite those initial erotic greetings, the sexual tension had relaxed somewhat during the first evening. We enjoyed a delightful evening meal served in a screened gazebo overlooking the lake. Talk was friendly with sexual undertones, but no overt moves were made. The mellow tone was aided by two bottles of red wine during dinner followed by cognac sipped as we strolled down to the dock in the moonlight.

By the time Angela and I crawled into bed that evening, we were both extremely aroused. We lay facing each other, Angela's leg up over my hip as she queried me on my afternoon screwing Elizabeth. This interrogation followed her own description of her time with Gordon in the back of the limo. Whispered words were interspersed with giggles as we fueled the fires of sex. 

Still facing each other on our sides, my cock slipped into her slit seemingly of its own volition. "God baby, it excites me to think that cock was in another woman today," Angela breathed into my ear.

I replied, "Did you want Gordon in you lover?" 

She whimpered as I began a steady stroking. "Did you want his cock in you baby?" She cried out more loudly as she thrust her hips at me in unison to my strokes. 

"Yes, yes, I wanted it. Ah god, I can still feel it in my hand," Angela cried out as I rolled her to her back and mounted her and entered her fully, "He got me off with his fingers before I jerked him off. I wanted to be fucked."

The conversation ended then as we clutched and hammered each other until we lay spread out exhausted on the bed. 

Saturday turned out to be a beautiful summer day. We were all quite relaxed, the elephant in the room having been banished the first day. Breakfast was served outside once more, the sound of the waves hitting the beach forming a background to our easy conversation. I suppose that Angela and I were curious about the erotic plans of our hosts but we were not all strung out about it. We simply enjoyed a pleasant breakfast in beautiful surroundings with gracious hosts. 

Gordon provided me a guided tour of his estate and all of his toys while Elizabeth showed Angela the garden and cottage. There was no acknowledgement of the sexual inter-actions of yesterday, or of the accepted fact that at some point soon we would be exchanging partners. It was kind of surreal and it would not have surprised me if I suddenly awoke from a dream.

It did however become very real that afternoon. Gordon and I had taken the boat out fishing. The ladies were sipping cocktails under a sun umbrella on the dock on our return. Both were wearing very revealing bikinis.

Angela is pretty much an open book when she is horny and I could tell from her demeanor that sex had been the subject of discussion. Elizabeth showed similar signs and they were acting both coy and provocative towards Gordon and I as we joined them under the umbrella.

"I think that we should all go for a dip, we are sweaty and covered with suntan oil and you guys smell of fly dope and sweat," Elizabeth said as we settled down for a beer. She reached out and covered my hand with hers, rubbing her palm on the back of mine in a soft urgent manner. I turned my hand under hers and our fingers intertwined. She ran her tongue around her lips as our eyes met and memories of me standing between her legs at the vanity flashed through my mind. I could almost feel her hot pussy around my cock again.

Gordon reached over under the table to stroke the inside of Angela's thigh. I caught a glimpse of her nipples pushing out through the cloth of her bikini. Angela uttered "Oh, goodness," as he bent toward her and kissed her softly, his hand now pushed up hard between her thighs.

Elizabeth stood up beside me and placed her hands on my shoulders and murmured, "Can you help me out of this bikini?" Her eyes were dull and opaque with lust, she certainly could work herself into horny in a hurry. I fumbled with the ties of her bikini bra behind her back allowing her tits to tumble out. She pressed them against my face as I went to work on the side ties of her panties. She stepped back a bit as I slowly pulled the G-string bottom out between her legs and along her slit. 

I rubbed the panties on my face and nose. "Oh God," she moaned and jammed a nipple to my mouth. About 4 minutes had passed since we had climbed out of the boat and now I had a horny naked woman standing in front of me. I had barely sipped my beer.

My beautiful wife was naked and standing in front of the still seated Gordon. Her tits were hanging out shamelessly. His big hand was sliding in and out between her legs. I suppose one could say, 'Game on!'

The ladies pulled away and sprinted to the end of the dock, shouting, "Get naked and join us," giggling as they plunged into the water. We followed orders and as Gordon pulled his shorts down I noted that my sweet wife had a challenge to face, especially if he planned to fuck her in the lake. He was quite large.

We jumped in beside them and formed a circle in chest deep water, splashing and teasing each other. But our minds were filled with the expectation of sex and we soon paired off, Elizabeth slipping her naked body into my arms, pressing her breasts against my chest while her lips brushed mine. Angela was just as quickly in Gordon's embrace, his hand full of her ample tit while her arm reached under the water seeking to grasp his massive cock.

It was quiet, the sound of the waves, the soft breeze rustling the leaves on the trees, all forming background music as we engaged in the age old mating dance of sex. My cock was between Elizabeth's legs, her breasts squashed to my chest as we exchanged tongues, I clutched her ass cheeks in my hands as our bodies formed one entity, one thought only in our minds.

I lifted her up high enough to get my lips around her long nipples and then lowered her slowly, fully intent on getting in her in the water. However, much like the previous day in the shower, she was not ready to screw in the lake. "Uh, uh, honey, take me to the boathouse, you'll never get it in here." But she let me try. I probed her slit with my knob, but it was just not going to go in without some considerable force. We half waded and swam over to the boathouse where stairs provided entry to the inside of the building. White robes were hung on the landing. We dried off in quiet desperation.

A small apartment formed part of the boathouse and was apparently used by guests on occasion. Two single beds were arranged in a room looking down the beach through sliding glass doors. 

Elizabeth's eyes were wild as she pushed me to one bed, "My turn Jim, just come along for the ride." I lay down as she dropped her robe to the floor and sat beside me on the edge of the bed. She leaned over me wrapping her hand around my stiff cock. I love the touch of a woman's hand on me, and even more the sensation of her lips surrounding my knob. She mounted me, her expression almost zombie like as if her mind had been taken over by an external power. She paused as she straddled me, her knees each side of my hips, squeezing her nipples as my fingers dipped into her now very juicy slit. Entry would not be a problem.

There was a commotion beside us as Gordon lay down on the other bed, pursued by my naked wife. They did not even glance at us as Angela bent over Gordon, her tits dangling under her while she tried to swallow all of his cock. She couldn't of course, but undismayed, quickly mounted him as Elizabeth had done to me. 

I was lost in my own world and the wonderful feeling of a hungry pussy devouring my cock in little short grasps as Elizabeth settled down on me. She sat perfectly upright, her eyes closed as she worked her way down my shaft, her fingers rolling her nipples as she turned and twisted her hips as if undoing the top of a jar. 

She leaned over me, bracing her hands each side of my head. I was staring up between breasts that seemed out of proportion to her thin chest and highlighted by her long fully erect nipples. I licked the tip of the nipple and ran my tongue around the aureole. "Don't tease Jim, please." I sucked one nipple and part of her tit into my mouth drawing a whimper from her.

She seemed to get off with rough play on her nipples. I thoroughly enjoyed her reaction and desperation to hard sucking and teasing with my teeth. The harder I sucked the faster she pounded my cock. I was holding her ass cheeks, helping her rise and fall, my fingers spreading the cheeks and teasing her butt hole at every opportunity. She was frantic. I lifted her up enough to provide room to drive my cock up into her. 

I could feel her losing herself until she begged me, "Too fast, slow down, stop, I don't want to come yet." I obeyed, and became aware of her shaking body and heaving chest as we slowed. She turned and twisted her hips again, rotating around my upright shaft, sliding up and own slowly. Then a pause, and we lay there entwined, forming one body of anxious pleasure.

I glanced over at Angela. She looked so tiny sitting impaled on Gordon's cock while hovering over his large frame. Her focus was Gordon, she was wringing his fully buried cock in a slow grinding manner, eyes wild and boring into his, her generous tits dangling in front of her. 

Elizabeth caught my attention again. She began to move up and down and then suddenly raised up, an obvious invitation to resume my hard driving thrusts up into her. A few strokes and she was demanding more, "Yes, yes, fuck my pussy, get me off, yes, yes!"

I rolled her to her back as her body convulsed and her pussy contracted around my buried shaft. I released myself to the pure pleasure of her body glued to mine and got off with jerking body and loud grunts.

"Wow," Elizabeth moaned, "even better than the first one. I can't wait for an encore." I rolled off of her and almost off the narrow bed. We became aware of our mates now coupling loudly beside us.

Angela was splayed out on top of Gordon, her legs between his legs straining to spread as she humped him crazily. Her ass cheeks clenched spasmodically as she got off. She slammed her hips at him as she convulsed, pressed tightly and held rigidly still as he obviously shot his load in her. They clenched together, bodies heaving, before Angela pushed herself up to a sitting position and glanced over at us, as if suddenly remembering where she was. She paused a bit as realization set in, her face still vacant after the intense sex, and resumed grinding away at Gordon's cock, eking out the last delicious sensations.

I watched in fascination as she lifted up off of him, her pussy squeezing his semi-hard cock, still oozing cum. She was a little embarrassed to be the center of attention at that moment, but recovered quickly to blurt out, "Shower anyone?" It broke the tension and we all laughed.

We were all naked and sticky as we entered the gang shower at one end of the boathouse. Soon the steamy room was filled with laughter and comment. Four naked people showering in tight confines was new to us and very erotic. The ladies soaped and felt each other while 

encouraging Gordon and I to do the same. I admit to being slightly aroused at the thought but we only laughed at them and demanded they get each other off. 

In response, they embraced, their soapy tits slipping and mashing together while their hands roamed each other's ass. They parted laughing but their eyes signaled they had enjoyed it. Elizabeth noticed that I was hardening again and chortled, "Save it for tonight lover." She kissed me and rubbed her slippery tits on my chest. It was late afternoon and time to return to the main house and prepare for the evening meal.

Back in our room, Angela and I were a little tentative. We had both enjoyed taking another partner but were concerned that we might have shown too much pleasure. We spoke very little and made no attempt to explain our feelings. We removed our clothes and put on robes. I opened a bottle of wine and we stood out on the bedroom balcony. The lake was quiet as the sun lowered, the only sounds were the rustle of the trees and the last songs of the birds. Our hips rubbed as we leaned on the railing. We turned and kissed signaling that there was nothing lost between us.

Dinner was once again served outside, cooked by Rod and served by the lovely Stephanie. She was a beautiful young woman and dressed this evening in a traditional serving maid's dress, low cut with a skirt ending just below her ass cheeks. I could not keep my eyes off of her when she appeared. Elizabeth squeezed my knee under the table and whispered, "She is beautiful isn't she." I smiled at her in return, "Yes, and she has beautiful women around her."

Strange, I have discovered that while I appreciate and enjoy viewing beautiful women it is not necessarily a pre-requisite for me to desire them sexually. This was the case with Stephanie. Elizabeth was at least 25 years older than Stephanie, but had shown that she desired me and therefore, given a choice, I would bed her preferentially. Stephanie was simply a piece of beautiful artwork. It was just a theory of course and one that would be tested this coming weekend.

At some point through the meal Gordon asked if we would like to have a late sauna, to be followed by a leap into the cool waters of the lake. This would be a new experience for us and we readily accepted the invitation. He asked Stephanie to have Rod prepare it for that evening. Later he asked us if we would mind if Rod and Stephanie joined us in the sauna. He and Elizabeth laughed when we were a little too enthusiastic in our acceptance. Elizabeth touched my inner thigh as she said, "Don't get too excited lover, you are mine this weekend." Which brought a laugh from all of us, along with a pleasant twitch in my loins.

The evening raced along as we became more comfortable with each other and discovered many areas of common interest. We paired off again to explore the grounds and lakeside in the moonlight. Elizabeth was clutched on to my arm as we walked, bumping hips and rubbing her tits on every part of my body that she could access as we walked. 

I whispered, "You want me again don't you." She pulled my head down and sunk her full tongue into my mouth. "Do you think? But we will wait until later, just let me feel you now," she moaned. I considered myself a good lover but had only sensed burning desire like this from my own wife Angela. I pulled her to me, our bodies fully engaged as we kissed passionately.

We returned to the cottage and removed our clothes before putting on robes. We had been informed that the sauna would be for naked people only and to leave all underclothes in the bedroom. Angela and I embraced; our robes open so that we could feel each other's naked bodies. "You are still the world's most beautiful woman my sweet," I whispered. She just said, "Let's have fun, I am enjoying the experience."

And then she said, "I think that Rod and Stephanie are off limits tonight. Liz indicated something like that to me, so be careful."

I returned, "No worries baby, it will be 'look but no touch'. But what if Rod makes a move on you?"

She grinned, "Then he can have me."

The four of us walked down to the sauna cabin in our robes. It was located on a rock outcrop to one side of the beach. A short runway emerged from the shack to allow one to run out and dive into the lake after a session. Gordon explained that they often came for a sauna in the winter and jumped into the water through a hole cut in the ice. I did not place that experience on my bucket list.

We removed our robes in a small vestibule before entering the heating chamber. The room was steamy and lit by two pale yellow light bulbs. The setting reminded me of a movie scene in an opium den. 

Two benches, one above the other, provided seating for about 8 people. After one adjusted to the temperature on the lower bench, you could move to the upper bench for higher heat. Gordon tossed a can of water on the hot stones to restore the heat lost with our entry.

We settled down on the lower bench, ladies in the middle with Elizabeth next to me. She leaned into me, her mouth seeking mine for a slow promising kiss. But she whispered, "wait a while, Rod and Stephanie will be here shortly. We don't want to start without them." She smiled mysteriously and I began to wonder what the young beautiful people would bring to the gathering.

We were soon sweating profusely and took turns pouring cold water over our heads. It was all quite exhilarating. Despite Elizabeth's warning about starting too soon, contact was made, breasts were brushed and teased and two erections began to help fill up the room. We sipped champagne from a thermos, toasted and kissed and laughed.

We heard sounds outside and prepared for the entry of the young couple. All eyes were on the door as it opened and a naked Stephanie slipped into the room. She was quite as beautiful naked as she was dressed in her maid's uniform. Her breasts were full and hanging perfectly, exhibiting large aureoles and full erect nipples. Her slim body was set off nicely with a lovely round ass and beautiful legs. She had trimmed her bush to a vertical strip and it reminded me of an exclamation mark, with the tip of her slit the dot. She glanced at the erections now sported by Gordon and I and smiled, "I see the fun has begun."

Rod followed her in. He obviously worked out although he was not heavily muscled. He was long and sinewy and my dear wife gasped as she gazed down at his family jewels swinging around in front of her. They were impressive and I began to feel just a little inadequate being naked in a room with these two gents.

Gordon said, "Let's move up to more heat and give them the lower bench to acclimatize." As we settled in higher up, Rod topped our champagne glasses off with more cold wine. He knelt on the lower bench as he did so, his long thick cock swinging between his legs. Both Elizabeth and Angela spread their knees giggling as he filled their glasses. His cock was stiffening with the attention he had received along with the peek at two very horny pussies. I was beginning to wonder where this warning about 'look but don't touch' applied. Sex permeated the room.

The room quieted now, sounds muffled in the humid air. Words were few as we adjusted to the presence of the couple, sitting on the lower bench and facing away from us. I wanted Stephanie to turn and look at my cock, but she had her hands full, so to speak, beside her well-hung husband. Elizabeth and Angela were busy again, snuggling and teasing Gordon and I. It was sort of wild when I think back, fondling hot tits with hot slippery hands, while being kissed and fondled in return. I was beginning to wonder how six people could fuck on these hard wood benches, because it was obvious that was where we were heading.
