 I was just out of college and on my first assignment. I had landed a job that a lot of my friends have kidded me about, I'm in the marketing department of a well-known cosmetic sales company that you've no doubt heard of.

My assignment was to provide support for an exhibition we were putting on at a large conference aimed at franchising opportunities for women.

Oh, did I say I'm a guy? Sorry, yes, that part's important.

So, anyway, I was in Florida, at a large conference center, manning our exhibit, when a woman came up, looked at my badge and said, "Hello, David, it's refreshing to see a man at one of these things, especially a young man. I'm Mia, Mia Ferguson."

Well, let me describe the woman standing there in front of me.

She was older, I'd say somewhere in her forties, and what was most notable about her was her boobs. I have no idea what size they were but they were huge. And, she had them on display in a low-cut dress that seemed to show acres of cleavage.

I'm a male, twenty-two, so you know I couldn't keep my eyes off them, I did keep looking down at their awesomeness, I'm sure, to her great pleasure.

She asked me about this and that, what college I'd gone to, just stuff, then she asked, "Have you been to any of our beaches, yet, David?"

"No, I've been pretty much tied-up here but I have Thursday off, maybe I'll try then."

"Well, I know them all, why don't I take you to my favorite, I'm sure you'll like it."

"Sure, that's fine. I'm staying at the hotel here, what time?"

She said she'd meet me in the lobby at ten on Thursday and then went on looking at the various exhibits and I watched her walk away, dreaming of what she would look like in a bikini. Yes, I had to move behind a sign so as not to embarrass myself.

She might have been nearly twice my age but she sure looked good. I'd never been with a girl or a woman older than myself but, she was very attractive and her figure was spectacular, just nothing but curves. I couldn't wait until Thursday morning.

I went down wearing a polo shirt, sandals and khaki shorts with black swim briefs underneath. With this woman, I wanted to look as sexy as I could.

And, there she was. She had on a short beach robe, loosely tied, of course, and now I saw her legs as well. Very nice. She had on big sunglasses and a wide straw hat.

"David, there you are. Ready? Oh, this is Erin, she's coming with us. I thought we might need a chaperone," she said laughing as we went out and got into her BMW convertible.

We got in and she set out driving and talking about the beaches, what she thought of the main ones in the area with Erin adding her thoughts from the back seat.

Erin was tall and slender, also about the same age, also with large boobs that were also on public display. She had long black hair and ruby-red lips. A real sex-bomb.

We drove for about twenty minutes, then went off down what was really a trail through the dunes and out onto a beautiful beach.

We got the blankets and picnic basket out of the trunk and walked a bit to an area which was quiet except for the sound of the surf and spread our blankets.

I pulled off my shirt and slid off my shorts as I watched my two new friends pull off their short sundresses. They were both naked underneath.

"Ah, that sun feels good," Erin said as she raised her face up to the bright, warm sun.

"Well, what do you think, David, nice beach?" Mia asked.

"Yeah, really beautiful, almost as beautiful as the two of you."

Now I could see that they both had deep all-over tans and were totally at ease in being naked with me.

They both, I'm sure, had boob-jobs, after all there was no evidence of gravity's effect on either of them and they were both just perfect half-globes. If they'd been sixteen, well, maybe, but regardless, they both were about as sexy as a woman can be in her forties and, that's pretty sexy.

"Let's get you out of these, shall we?" Mia said as the both began pulling down my tight suit.

"Oh, look, nice," Erin said, kneeling in front of me as I watched her red lips slide down over the crown of my dick and begin to suck. I looked up and we were alone on the beach with Mia standing there smiling at me as her friend sucked me.

"You look happy, David. Let me have a turn on our new friend, Erin," she asked and Mia was soon down kneeling in the sand sucking my cock as Erin stood up. She took my hand and led it to her breast which, of course, was firm and full.

"Mmm, nice day for a slow fuck on the beach, David. You've got two of the horniest cougars you'll ever see, we have plans for you, young man."

Mia pulled her head back and stood up to take me in her arms and kiss me, tonguing my mouth, just fucking me with her tongue, while her hands roamed over my back and butt.

"We better get some suntan lotion on, it's beginning to heat up," Erin said as Mia added, "Yeah, I'm beginning to get heated up myself. Come on, David, you can do us, then, heh, heh, we'll do you, you'll love that," she said as they both lay down on the large blanket.

On their backs, their boobs just stood straight up, pointing to the sky as I started on Mia first. I began with those big melons, sliding my greasy, slick hands over them, spreading the lotion, then up her shoulders and neck, down her arms and then moved to her stomach and abdomen. She spread open for me as I went down further and got her inner thighs and her plump pussy lips protected from the sun's harshness.

"Mmm, get my pussy good, David, it's not a place to get sunburned. And, well, it feels good when you do it," she cooed.

I did her legs, then she turned over and I did her butt and back, talking a short detour back to her pussy which glistened in the bright, warm morning sun. While I'd been putting lotion on her, she often had her fingers wrapped around my cock keeping me entertained as I went along.

Then, I turned and began on Erin following the same lovely path down her voluptuous body across her luscious breasts and down along her the juicy between her legs which she widened for me.

"Take your time there, David, sweetheart," as her hand played with my cock stroking on it like she was milking me. I was in between the two of them, kneeling toward Erin as I felt Mia's fingers slide along my butt crack and begin caressing my anus.

No one had ever played with my backside like that and, well, it felt better, sexier, than I'd thought it might. Erin had turned over and I was doing her back, again covering her pussy with extra care, then up her back and shoulders and neck.

"Time for you, David," Mia said as she sat up.

I lay down on my stomach as I felt the cool lotion being drizzled up and down me, followed by four hands caressing my skin spreading it around. I spread my legs and one of those hands smoothed the lotion across my balls and up along my butt crack, lingering there, moving back and forth.

"Now, the other side, David, the more interesting side," Mia suggested as I turned over.

Erin began at my feet while Mia began at my neck and they each slowly worked toward each other until they both reached my cock.

Mia lifted it straight up and ran some lotion onto it and began jacking me spreading it all up and down.

"Don't make him cum, Mia," Erin said, "I want a turn, too," and Mia took her hand away for Erin to take over. Mia leaned over and rested a nipple on my mouth which I eagerly took in and sucked contentedly as I was being masturbated by her friend.

I did see another couple, also naked, appear on the beach and they put a towel down not too far from us and watched us for a bit. My new friends seemed to care naught as they continued, switching their hands on me as I lay there in bliss.

"Mmm, let's watch Dvid finish himself while we get off, too, I just love seeing a guy make himself cum," Erin said and Mia agreed. They both flopped back down, knees raised as they rubbed their clits. It looked like my orgasm was now up to me.

I laid down, took myself and began finishing what they had both so wonderfully started.

"You tell us when you're close, David, we don't want to miss it," Erin told me as we all worked ourselves closer and closer while the couple watched us.

I stroked on for another couple of minutes as Erin and Mia worked their pussies and I told them that I was getting close, so they both turned and watched while they rubbed themselves.

Being naked in public with these two hot cougars was arousing enough for sure and soon I had spouts of white, sticky cum spurting up out of me as they urged me on, "Oh, cum, David, shoot it," Mia said while Erin told me, "Great cum, David, maybe you have some for us now?"

I looked over at the other couple and he had his thumb raised and she was clapping her hands in approval.

Mia got up and got between my legs, facing the same way I was and crouched over me, reaching under to settle down on my dick pushing herself onto me.

I was hoping that this part of the beach wasn't patrolled but soon my thoughts went to Mia's pussy when she began rocking up and down on me. It was heavenly and only got better when Erin got up and crouched over my head facing the other direction and lowered her wet pussy to my lips to begin dragging back and forth across my raised tongue.

"Oh, Erin, our guy is really hard, you'll just love his cock, girl," Mia told her friend.

"He sure is good on my pussy, fuck him good and we can change places."

Hearing that, I knew I was in for a day of sex like I'd never even imagined before. These two simply exuded sex and had the confidence and self-assurance to make whatever they wanted happen and happen precisely the way they wanted it.

I really couldn't see anything, of course, but I could surely feel a lot. Of all the sex I'd ever had, well, this topped it all.

"Mmm, oh, right there, right there, perfect, oh, my pussy," squealed Erin as she pushed down on me, wiping up and down as I tried to keep my tongue in place. "OOH, OOH, UUH, uh, uh, mmm, oh, good man, good man," she moaned as I kept tonguing her.

Mia lifted up off me some leaving about half of my cock inside her as she moved her pussy in a circle over me. This was totally new to me and just lit up the crown of my cock. It must have been good for her too as she began groaning as well.

"Mmm, our new guy is gonna make me cum, Erin, and it's gonna be a good one," she moaned and then began fucking me as hard and fast as she could, just going up and down at demon speed. I was helpless; my cock began spurting everything I had inside me up into her as she grunted and grunted pushing down on me and twisting back and forth. It was the hardest, strongest ejaculation of my life, even more than when Jacqueline Bass masturbated me one for almost three hours once.

She just sat straight up on me and waved at the couple down the beach who had been watching us and now began a show of their own, perhaps stimulated by our rather spectacular performance. She had straddled him, facing us, as she rocked up and down on him while we rearranged ourselves, reversing our earlier order with Erin up fucking me and Mia riding my face.

Erin seemed a little tighter though it was still pretty close. She was able to hold herself right directly up over me and fuck me straight up and down, stopping to just leave the tip-end of me in her then lower straight back down fully to rest on my pubic bone, then slowly drawing herself back up until I almost fell out of her, then back down again. It was exquisite.

"Oh, Erin, mmm, so good," I groaned.

"Mmm, it is good, isn't it? Never had any complaints when I fucked guys like this."

"Hope you're not allergic to your own cum," Mia said as she eased back and forth across my mouth. I laughed even though I had my mouth full, something my mother always chided me on but I did think she might doubly-disapprove of me at the moment.

The three of us got off again that sunny, warm morning on the beach, then got dressed and went for lunch, then back to Mia's for the afternoon and evening.

I got back to my hotel about two in the morning, simply sexually-exhausted by my two new friends. It's a hell of a thing when a twenty-two year old guy starts thinking he needs to see his doctor about ED.

So, that was my excursion to 'Cougar Beach' with Mia and Erin. We still webcam frequently, though it's certainly not the same, and they are planning to come see me this time for a long weekend next month.

If you're wondering, yes, I did get a prescription filled. My doctor was very sympathetic and even more envious. Maybe I should have him join us.