 (Dede, a forty-five year old physician, had just decided she would go to bed with a twenty-two year old boy. To add to the anxiety she felt about having sex with someone so young, this man was a friend of her twin teenage daughters. Ever since she caught her daughters, and a bunch of their friends, in the nude while having a skinny-dipping party at her house, Dede could not get the image of the young man's naked body from her mind. Of course, it didn't help that later that same day, he walked in on her while she was practically naked and masturbating. He watched while she had a big orgasm, and then propositioned her. 

Her first instinct was to refuse the ridiculous offer, but her friend, Mae, tried to convince her she should go ahead and bed him. When he sent Dede and Mae a picture of him naked with an erection, Mae insisted that Dede get together with Cody.

On the morning of the proposed tryst, Dede did twenty laps in her pool to try to clear her mind. She finished swimming without anything near a clear mind. She did, however, have an ache between her legs that she now realized she was going to satisfy it with Cody.

One word of caution. This story contains anal sex. If you do not like to read such descriptions, I would advise you to not read it.)

*

Pulling herself out the pool after her twenty laps, Dede relaxed on a pool lounger, closed her eyes and drifted to sleep.

"Wow, Mom, you really are amazing."

Dede's eyes shot open to see Alexis and her friend, Marcy, standing there, towels wrapped around them.

"Oh, I didn't know you were staying over, Marcy."

She looked different without her dark-rimmed glasses. An image slammed into Dede's mind of this innocent looking girl with a cock deep in her mouth. Her daughters described their blow job contests, and that Marcy, the sweet and innocent girl, was the queen of them.

"Yeah, "Alexis said, "we were out late and didn't feel like driving her out to the 'burbs. Marcy has to be home in time to change and get to work by ten this morning. So, we thought we'd have a quick swim and head out."

Dede was uncomfortable being nude in front of them.

"Uh, maybe you could hand me my towel," she said. "I wasn't expecting company this morning."

"It's fine, Mom," said Alexis as she dropped her towel. Marcy followed and then all three were naked. Dede had seen her girls naked before. They often skinny-dipped if it were just the three of them.

Dede was surprised at Marcy's body. The normally conservatively dressed young woman had a sexy body. Her breasts were large and rode high on her chest, with no visible sag, and puffy, pink nipples. "Oh, to be a teenager again," she thought. Marcy's body was buffer than she expected. The flare of her hips gave her a womanly shape. Her red triangle was neat and ended above a set of plush sexual lips, devoid of any pubic hair. Dede imagined that the young men would not have any trouble maintaining an erection looking at a naked Marcy, especially as she knelt before them about to perform oral sex. 

"Really, Mom, you are in fantastic shape."

"Totally, Dr. Adams," said Marcy. "Like, you're awesome."

"Marcy, if you are looking at my naked body, then please call me Dede."

She giggled. "What do I call you when you're dressed?"

Dede laughed. She had seriously misread this girl. She was confident and funny.

"You can call me Dede whether I'm dressed or nude. But, I think it'll be dressed from now on."

"Whatever," said Marcy. "But, feel free to swim with us any time. You're really cool."

Dede didn't respond to the offer to swim in her own pool. She watched as the girls ran over and dove in. Their backs held up to the attractiveness of their fronts. With her towel draped over her arm, she walked inside. She ran into Brianna, who was drinking a glass of orange juice. She, too, was naked.

"Guess it's a clothing optional day at the Adams residence," Dede quipped. Her daughter smiled and looked at her naked mother.

"Guess so," Brianna answered. "I'm going out to take a dip, and then I think we're going to the lake today. What are your plans? Doing anything interesting?"

"I, uh, well, not really. I mean why would you think I was doing anything interesting?"

Brianna looked at her mother. "Uh, mom, I'm just like making conversation."

Dede told herself to relax. Brianna had no clue that she was going to swallow a young cock in a couple hours.

"Oh, I thought I'd go over to Aunt Mae's. I might spend the night, if you guys don't mind. Uncle Jack is on a fishing trip and Mae would like some company."

Dede couldn't believe she was weaving such a story to her own daughter. It was better than the truth that she was hoping to get her brains fucked out by a young stud and praying he had the stamina to keep going all night. To top it all off, the young stud was a friend of her daughters.

"Cool. We'll be here after the lake. Marcy gets off work around seven and we'll probably order a pizza and veg out in front of the TV. Marcy will stay over, if that's OK."

"Remember..."

"Yes, mom, no parties. No drinking. No skinny-dipping with guys. No blow jobs. Wait, are you sure about no blow jobs?"

Dede laughed and gave her daughter's bare butt a playful slap. "Definitely no blow jobs."

Brianna went outside to join the other two girls and Dede went upstairs. After showering, she stood in front of the mirror regarding her naked reflection. Mostly satisfied at the woman whose reflection she observed, Dede debated about what was between her legs.

Her dark bush was well-groomed, but what would a young man like? Was he accustomed to smooth pussies? Dede noticed that Marcy had pubic hair as did her daughters. Mae had that thin, dark strip. Was her triangle too much? 

After debating what to do with her pussy, Dede decided she was too keyed up to try to use a razor around her most sensitive area. "Shit, I don't want to slice my pussy right before I'm going to fuck Cody." She shook her head in amazement at her own thoughts.

After packing a small overnight bag, she stopped by the pool to say good-bye. The three girls were laying out working on all-over tans. She told them to call her if they needed anything and two minutes later was driving her Miata in the direction of Mae's house.

--- 

Marcy turned on to her front. Propping herself up on her elbows she said, "Your mom is so hot it's unbelievable."

"What?" said Alexis, as she remained on her back. "Now, you want to do my mom?"

"Wouldn't mind it," said Marcy. "You know what I can do."

Both twins laughed. "God, Marcy, how can you be so good at sucking cock, and also so good between a girl's legs?" asked Alexis.

"I like both," she said. "They're so different, but both are so sexy. I guess I'm bi-lingual—you know my tongue can go both ways."

The three of them shared a chuckle.

"What do you like the best?" Brianna asked.

"Well, and you guys have to keep this among the three of us, I think I like pussy the best. I'm not gay, at least I don't think so, but there is something about making a girl cum that is really powerful." Marcy reached out and ran her hand between Brianna's legs.

"Don't tease me," Brianna said.

"Not teasing," answered Marcy.

She shifted over and settled between Brianna's legs. "Not right here," Brianna said, a little out of breath.

"Why not?" Marcy lowered her face and ran her tongue along the smooth lips. Brianna gasped. Slowly her thighs moved wider apart. Marcy kissed her up and down her pussy. Spreading her labia with her fingers, Marcy pushed her tongue deep inside. As Brianna raised her hips to welcome the tongue, Alexis grabbed her own boobs and began squeezing while watching her friend and sister.

"You two look so freaking hot together."

Brianna turned her head to stare at her sister. They smiled and their hands joined.

"Love you, Lexi."

"Love you, too, Bree."

Brianna's mouth dropped open as Marcy's lips encircled her clit. "Do yourself while Marcy's doing me."

Alexis nodded and put one hand between her legs. She rubbed the outside of her lips as she watched Brianna squirm under the attention of their friend. When Alexis slid a finger inside her cunt, Brianna noticed, smiled and stroked her sister's shoulder. "That's hot," she said. Alexis nodded and pumped her finger in and out. Alexis kept a steady pace and slowly increased her arousal. Watching Marcy attend to her sister fueled her desire and she began to work two fingers over her clit, while the two fingers inside her moved more quickly.

Brianna began to make cooing noises as Marcy's tongue was hitting all the right spots. Alexis now began to make tight circles around her clit as two fingers plunged in and out. The sisters locked eyes as their passions surged. Minutes passed as their pleasure continued to rise. Although not deliberately orchestrated, the twins came within seconds of each other.

Marcy's head rested on Brianna's tummy. "That was so good. You two are the sexiest. And to think your mom is just as hot, just kinda freaks me out totally. I dream of all of us in bed."

"Well, that's not going to happen," said Alexis. "It's disgusting to think that Bree and I would be with our mom. Besides, she's not like gay or bi. I imagine she'd like a hard dick. She should go out and find one."

"How about one like Cody's," said Brianna. "That was totally awesome when it was hard."

"God, who wouldn't enjoy something like that?" said Alexis. "I doubt mom would want to get involved with a guy as young as Cody. Maybe we can hook up with him some time, after we pop our cherries with a guy?"

"Together?" asked Brianna.

"Well, we're together with Marcy."

"True," replied Brianna.

"I still say you never know what a woman may want," said Marcy as she began to slide over to settle between Alexis' legs. "Your mom might enjoy some love from a woman, or even a young girl. Anyway, I guess I'll just have to be satisfied with fucking the both of you." Her tongue touched Alexis' clit, still hyper-sensitive from her recent orgasm. "And, that is not a complaint," she said, and got to licking.

Alexis, too, was in no mood to complain as the warmth of Marcy's tongue spread throughout her body.

--- 

Dede found her friend in the kitchen cutting up a tray of brownies when she arrived a little after noon.

"Brownies!" she screamed. "You're making fucking brownies. Why don't put out a tray of cookies and milk, and ask to see if Cody has a note from his mother. 'Dear Dr. Foley, please allow my son to stay over and fuck the shit out of that tramp, Dr. Adams'."

"Whoa," said Mae. "Does someone need a Xanax?"

"Seriously, Mae. Why are you making brownies?"

"Sit down, Dede," her friend commanded. She poured her a glass of chilled, white wine. "Sip, do not gulp. You cannot be falling down drunk when the 'Kid with the Golden Cock' arrives."

Dede took a sip—a big sip. "Mae, that kind of talk is not helping."

Her friend smiled. "Look, Dede, I know you're nervous. In spite of his bravado, I suspect Cody is also nervous. So, I figure a little comfort food will help put everyone at ease. Guys love brownies. Trust me on this. They love them. So, when Cody gets here, we'll all go outside. I have some other snacks prepared. We then eat a little, maybe have a drink, take our clothes off, jump in the pool, talk about..."

"Hold on," said Dede. "Take our clothes off?"

"Yep," Mae said. "I've thought a lot about this. You've each seen the other naked, or practically naked. I think making everything sort of casual will calm both of you. It won't be some dash to rip your clothes off. Besides, I want to get a good look at him. That picture only teased me."

Dede took another sip of wine. "I was kinda looking forward to having him rip my clothes off."

"Next time, sweetie. Trust me, this will work out great."

"Of course, he's going to get a good look at your body."

"Oh, my gosh," Mae said. "You're right. I never thought of that."

"You are such a bitch," Dede said. "But, I love you. And, thanks for doing all this. I think I may be coming down off the ceiling a little."

"Dede, you know I love you. I want you to be able to enjoy this afternoon. You deserve it and it should be fun for you."

Dede walked around and hugged her friend. They remained entwined for several moments. Mae moved her face and touched Dede's lips with hers. Dede responded and the two women kissed softly and tenderly. "Nice, Mae. And, I hope you know that it might not just be the afternoon. I was hoping it could last longer. Cody said he'd pack his toothbrush."

Mae giggled into her ear. "Sure, take all the time you want. And, if you get too tired, just holler. I'll be in the hall with my ear glued to your door."

Mae broke off. "Let me show you the bedroom. I think you'll like what I've done." She took Dede by the hand, and led her upstairs. Dede had stayed in the guest room before, and wondered what would be different.

As Mae opened the door, Dede caught her breath. Mae had set up the bed with new linens. She chose a deep blue coverlet with lighter blue sheets. Gone were the excess of pillows as you might see in a magazine that usually adorned the king-sized bed. She had two large pillows in a blue and tan pattern. Dede recognized that her friend achieved a perfect balance of romance and, yet, somewhat masculine feeling. There were a few lightly scented candles creating a pleasant aroma. The drapes were pulled back, and thin sheers allowed light to filter into the room. 

"You want to be able to see each other," Mae said as she held her friend's hand. "At the same time, you don't want the strong afternoon sun overpowering everything."

"This is so beautiful, Mae. Thank you. Do you think Cody will notice?"

"Probably not," she said with a chuckle. "especially if you're naked." But, I bet he will feel comfortable and want to get you in that bed and never let you out." Dede shivered with that thought. Next to the bed, she noticed a wine bucket with two bottles chilling in it. A pair of champagne flutes was on the table beside it.

"Maybe a little taste before," said Mae seeing what Dede was looking at. "But, definitely celebrate between rounds."

Mae led her to the nightstand on the other side. Sliding open the drawer, she let Dede see the dozen condoms, a tube of Astroglide and a silver bullet dildo, exactly like the one Dede had at home.

"You think of everything," Dede said, and squeezed her hand. 

"And, if you get really adventurous," Mae said as she opened the bottom drawer. Dede's jaw dropped when she saw the strap-on with the big, black cock attached. Next to it were three pairs of handcuffs with soft linings, several colorful silk scarves and a thin riding crop.

"Shit, are all these yours?"

"My own personal supply, sweetie. Of course, I've sterilized the cock."

"I never realized that you and Jack..."

"Most definitely," she said. She tightened her grip on Dede's hand as she added, "And, others joining in with Jack. So, when you're ready..."

Dede felt moisture begin to dampen her panties. The thought of her and Mae playing with these toys opened a place in her mind that she never even knew existed.

Mae indicated the en suite bathroom stocked with towels, soaps, lotions and other necessities. "The shower works so well with two people," she said. Looking at her friend, Mae added, "Or, even three people."

"Stop doing that, Mae. I am so fucking edgy right now, I think I could cum."

Mae slid her hand between her friend's legs and cupped her mound. Dede moaned at the contact. "I wouldn't mind that. I can give you clean panties. Maybe you should get off now, and then you won't be too eager with Cody."

Dede's eyes were closed as she rocked with the touch of her friend. It would be so easy to just let go and explore this new road. Mae's lips touched hers. They kissed and Mae increased the pressure between her legs, as a finger pushed her panty between her slit. Dede felt her knees bend and she had to sit on the bed.

"No, please. Not now. Sorry, just not now." 

Mae pulled her hand away. "Sure, sweetie, I understand. Let's go back down and we can stock the bar outside."

Dede rose, and leaned in to kiss her friend. "Thank you, Mae. I love you."

"I know you do, and I love you, too."

"Mae?"

"Yes."

"I think I would like a pair of dry panties. Black if you have them."

Mae laughed and pulled her friend into the master bedroom. She fished a lacy, black thong out of her drawer and tossed it to her. "You can use my bathroom to clean up, and then come down. Just toss your panties in the hamper. I'll smell them later."

Dede cracked up and almost peed into her damp panties. "You are totally wicked, you know that?"

Mae smiled and left the room.

Dede joined her friend outside. They stocked the bar with wine, beer and soft drinks. They then shared another glass of wine.

"I'm going to call him and tell him to forget it," said Dede.

"No, dear, you are not. You are going to sit right there. He will be here soon. Then, we'll relax, afterwards you will go upstairs with him. You will let him fuck your brains out, and then you can fuck his brains out. Understood?"

Dede smiled weakly.

Ten minutes later they heard a motorcycle outside.

"He rides a bike?" cooed Mae. "God, can this get any better?" Mae went inside as she heard the front doorbell.

She opened it to see a tall, lean and muscular young man with dark hair falling to his shoulders. He wore a light black leather jacket unzipped to reveal a broad chest under a tight tee shirt and blue jeans. Holding a bouquet of flowers, he smiled.

"Hi, I'm Cody. Nice to meet you, Mae." He stepped inside, bent to kiss her cheek and handed her the flowers. "Thanks, for inviting me to your home."

Mae's pussy tightened as the sound of his deep voice. Her nostrils were filled with a slight scent of male perspiration and some sort of cologne. She wanted to fuck him right there in the doorway.

"Well, nice to meet you, Cody. Dede has spoken a lot about you."

He grinned.

"And, I really enjoyed the pictures." Her gaze slowly traveled down his body with her eyes coming to rest at his crotch.

"Likewise, Mae. I thought the picture of you was awe...uh, spectacular. Of course, now that I can see your face, I have to say that picture did not do justice to how beautiful you are." 

Mae's heartbeat spiked. "God, he's really charming," she thought.

"Come outside," she said, taking his arm. "Dede's by the pool." She directed him to the back as she stopped to get a vase for the flowers. He slipped his jacket off and draped it on a chair. Cody walked to the patio and saw Dede standing by the table. He smiled, and she waved.

He crossed to her, put a hand on her shoulder, and kissed her cheek. "I am so happy you agreed to see me. You look really beautiful today."

Dede had spent most of her morning trying on dozens of outfits. In the end, she chose a loose, flowered skirt, fitted blue cotton blouse and sandals. She didn't bother with pantyhose. Her hair was pulled off her face, and held in place by a pale yellow headband. Her make-up was thinly applied, and highlighted her eyes and lips. The look in Cody's eyes convinced her she chose well.

Mae interrupted the unspoken lust leaping back and forth between Cody and Dede. "OK, kids, let's have a snack."

Mae opened the bottle of chilled Sauterne. She poured three glasses and uncovered the plate of brownies along with cheese and crackers. After toasting the day, the three sat around the table, and munched on the goodies. Dede thought that Mae was right. Cody was enjoying the brownies, and they talked in a relaxed manner.

"Time for a swim," said Mae.

"I didn't bring my suit," said Cody.

"Oh, I understood suits were optional as far as you were concerned," Mae replied.
