 "Un-fucking-believable," I said in a low disgruntled tone as I hung up the phone. My pet just looked at me inquisitively, waiting for me to explain. She knew I was annoyed even before my remark, as 2AM phone calls tend to do that to me. 

My look seemed to communicate the problem to her before I even spoke, "Julie and Mike again?"

"Yes, again, why they cannot learn to work these things out without involving a mediator is beyond me. You would think two adults could at least talk out their problems without this bullshit every weekend." 

"Are you going over there?" 

"Yeah, I would rather wait until tomorrow but apparently Julie went a little off the deep end and Mike is bleeding and threatening to call the cops." 

"Should I wait up for you?"

"Yeah, actually, I you should. I may have an idea to put an end to this so don't be surprised if the phone rings and I need your help."

Again, she looked at me like she was trying to solve a puzzle but she just nodded and got up to start a shower. Heh, even at 2AM she insisted on looking clean and fresh if there was a possibility of being in front of other people.

I slipped on some sweats and made my way over to the neighbor's house, the source of my aggravation for the evening. We had all been together for most of the evening, dinner, drinks, and an unexciting card game that left us fairly bored. We enjoyed these evenings with Mike and Julie for some reason. They were an interesting couple, always baiting each other into little arguments when they had an audience. They even tried cheating at the card game tonight just to annoy each other. My wife and I found it amusing yet sad at the same time. We had talked about their relationship quite a bit and had hoped that we could somehow help them see how much they truly loved each other so they could get past the silly mind games that should have ended long before they got married. Naïve of us to think this way I guess, but we liked them individually and considered them to be friends, so naturally we wanted to help but had tried to be careful of sticking our noses where they didn't belong. Not that we really needed to be concerned about that, since it had become routine to receive these late night phone calls to help referee their childish spats for the past couple of weekends. All the same, I was growing tired of being involved in their games when I should be having great sex with my pet and it was compounded by the fact that nothing we tried seemed to help them move on to enjoying each other instead of constantly looking re-engage each other on a psychological battlefield.

I was a little surprised when Julie answered the door. First, Mike always answers, and second, she was standing there red-faced, wearing nothing more than a nightshirt and panties. She was the one who actually called, so she knew I was on my way over and I would have anticipated she would at least put some sweat pants on. God she was sexy. Her flush face and heavy breathing told me her senses were on full alert after whatever had just taken place between her and Mike and it just came across as primal. Overcoming my initial shock, I made my way in the house and lightly squeezed her arm, hoping to give her reassurance that everything would be ok. I then noticed Mike standing in the opening of the sliding glass door that lead out to the patio. His shirt was stained with blood that had made it's way unwillingly from his nose and mouth and it was much more of a scene than I had envisioned from the conversation I had with Julie on the phone. I honestly thought she was over-selling the bloody mess she had described, as she tends to exaggerate a bit, but no, Mike was truly messed up. He stood there smoking a cigarette and looking at me hopelessly as if to say, "What the hell am I supposed to do?" I could see the embarrassment on his face and I tried to be casual about things when I asked him if he was ok. He just shrugged and chuckled as he said, "Not really, but I'm sure I will be." That was Mike for you, evening when standing there in front of his friend with blood drying on his shirt from his wife's tirade, he still managed to stay positive. I knew it was driving him crazy though and I asked Julie if she would mind giving us a minute alone.

Julie shrugged and stomped off muttering something about typical male tag-teaming on a woman, blah, blah, blah… I ignored her for the moment, as I wanted to hear Mike's version of what went on before I talked with Julie. Mike tried to be casual about the whole thing and explained that it was just an argument that got out of hand and the next think he knew, Julie was lunging toward him with fist flying. Before he could put up a guard, she had connected with his nose straight on and managed to scrape his lip pretty good with that huge rock on her finger. He confided that he was concerned about going to sleep with his wife still in the house and he had given her a choice of calling the police or me. I thought this a little melodramatic but tried not to let on. Deciding she'd rather air their dirty laundry with a friend instead of the whole neighborhood, Julie called me and here we all stand, trying to figure out what to do next. He apologized for waking me and told me how embarrassed he was for me to see him this way. I just told him not to worry about it, things could always be worse. We both sort of grinned when I said that because neither of us could really imagine how they could be, but it at least broke the tension a little.

I told Mike to have a seat in the living room and I would go find Julie, "Then we'll sit down and talk this thing out and find out what it is that has the two of you at odds all of the time."

I found Julie in the kitchen, fixing herself a drink. "Hey, got one of those for me?" She just sneered at me and pointed to the bottle on the counter. Guess I was supposed to help myself. I gently grabbed her arm and bent down to look into her eyes. I said, "I'm really not here to take sides you know." She sort of made a face of acknowledgement and started to fix a drink for me as if to apologize. As she handed me the glass, I sat it down and reached out to hug her, again, trying to offer her reassurance that I was there as a friend to both of them and not looking to take sides. I was reminded of how she was dressed as I could feel her heat through the thin fabric of her nightshirt. This girl was still jacked from attacking her husband and there was no way a drink was going to calm her down. I held her at her shoulders and looked into her eyes as I asked her if she was ready to sit down and talk this out. She sighed and nodded and reached for the drinks again. I mentioned that she would be taking a good first step if she were to bring one for Mike as well. She grunted at snickered a little but nonetheless, she filled a third glass to take in for her battered husband. I knew this was going to be a long night, as she still had not spoken to me since the phone call.

We found Mike waiting for us in the living room with his hands pressed to his cheeks, trying to figure out how he had managed to find himself in this kind of mess again. I should explain that Julie is Mike's second wife and his first marriage ended in much the same fashion this one was heading. Constant arguments that culminated in his wife attacking him and finally, it was too much for both of them and they filed for divorce. Having gone through it once, Mike was desperate to find a way to make this relationship work and I knew it from other conversations we had and the events of the past few weekends. The frustrating thing for me as their friend was, I could tell that these two desperately loved each other, they just could not find it in themselves to show respect for one another and it always lead to problems. The crux of the problem seemed to me to be that Mike just could not put his foot down without putting it in his mouth. The arguments they had in front of me were always one sided with Julie shouting and Mike trying to appease her. The funny thing was, Mike would start most of them by doing and saying things that would play on Julie's insecurities. He would point out every flaw in a condescending way and try to make her feel intellectually inferior to everyone else in the room. Julie would respond the only way she knew how, with anger that had now risen to the point of violence. I had tried to point this out to Mike but he seemed to be oblivious to his own actions and just did not understand how, even if I was right, it justified Julie coming at him with such venom. Julie on the other hand, could not bring herself to listen to my previous advice of ignoring Mike's stupid comments and responding with loving actions instead of anger. No, neither of them was willing to give an inch and I was not in an enviable position to say the least.

We were all seated now, Mike in a chair and Julie and I on the couch with my position being in between the two of them. I asked Julie to tell me about what happened and she just told me that it was pointless since Mike had already told me and she didn't think I would believe whatever she had to say anyway. Already knowing what I was going to do to try to help them tonight, I looked at her and told her in a more stern voice that I wanted her to tell me what happened and stop playing games with me. While I knew what I planned to do tonight, I had to test the waters and see if my hunches were right. To Mike's surprise, she relaxed and started to tell me what had lead to her husband being a bloody mess. I listened intently as she told the story. Needless to say, it wasn't exactly the same as Mike had relayed to me. She told me that Mike was nagging her ever since they had come back from my house for the evening and would not stop with the snide comments. Apparently Mike had been playing the head games again and making her feel like he was embarrassed to be seen with her and so on. Mike kept trying to interrupt and whenever he did, I would stop him and remind him that it was Julie's turn and he would get to talk after she was finished. Julie seemed to appreciate this while it just aggravated Mike, which is what I intended. Julie finished by describing her attack on Mike, "I had nothing left to say and this feeling just came over me. My heart raced, my legs shook, and I just screamed as I balled my fist and flew at him." She looked down at the floor and I knew there was more she wanted to tell me but I left it alone for the time being.

I asked Mike if he wanted to say anything else and of course, he did. Mike tried to explain that he did not mean to make Julie feel like she was an embarrassment but rather was trying to help her see how making a few small changes in the way she acted when she was with another couple might help her with her insecurities of being intellectually inferior. He was merely trying to help and she misinterpreted what he had said. He finished by telling us that he thought the conversation was actually going well between them when she suddenly came at him in a fit of rage, completely catching him off-guard. I said, "You mean fit of passion don't you?" Mike looked at me like I had just made some kind of crude comment about their family. Julie, on the other hand, had a look on her face that was almost hopeful, like I had discovered a deep secret that she had been dying to let out.

After the awkward moment of silence, I broke the ice and asked, "Do you both trust me enough to relive the argument you had tonight with me being the director and making changes where I feel they need to be?" "You are obviously not in a good place in your relationship and I don't really think you have anything to loose. You've trusted me enough to call me over the past couple of weekends to referee these squabbles after the fact, why not trust me enough to give this a try?" I added, "The only stipulation I have is that you both do whatever I tell you, no questions asked. Agreed?"

Mike reluctantly agreed if Julie was willing to try. Julie in a partly excited, partly suspicious response, also agreed to give it a try. I told Mike to go change his shirt and excused myself for a moment to go call my pet. I told her to come over in about 30 minutes and to bring, "the bag." 

"You're kidding?"

"No," I said, "bring it and be here in 30 minutes. I also expect you to be wearing the outfit I bought you last week. While you're at it, put on a light coating of that cherry flavored body lotion I like. See you in 30, we're going to put an end to this tonight."

She almost squealed from her excitement, "Yes baby (I prefer this to the sir or master shit most people think is so empowering), and if you're planning what I think you're planning, thank you so much for the treat." My pet had always thought Julie had a great figure and often confessed her fantasy to me of going down on her and bringing her to a mind-blowing orgasm while I watched. I knew from my read on Julie that I was going to enjoy myself tonight and help a couple of good friends while doing it, no reason I shouldn't involve my pet as well.

I returned to the living room to find Julie and Mike staring at each other intensely and I reminded them they were not suppose start without me. I started by explaining to them that this was a role-playing experiment and it was less important for their re-creation to be accurate and more important that they follow my direction without questioning it. They both nodded and I told Mike to start with the first comment he made that seemed to get his wife upset.

He looked at her and said, "I wish you wouldn't find it necessary to try to cheat at a silly card game just to try to beat me at something. How do you think that looks to our friends when you do that?"

"About the same as it does when you do it," she responded.

"Well at least when I do it, I am not as blatant and obvious about it."

"Oh yeah, you're the master of deception aren't you?"

"No, that's not what I'm saying. I'm just saying that there's a right way and a wrong way to do everything."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. A right way and a wrong way to cheat at cards and get under your spouse's skin? No wonder she clocked him. Still, I could see by the glow in her eyes that what she was feeling was not disdain. She was obviously heated, but it was screaming of passion, just as I had suspected.

"Oh yes, Mr. Never does anything the wrong way, even cheating. Why am I not surprised?"

I looked at Mike and I could tell under his calm exterior he was also getting heated and with a passion that matched his wife's. Unfortunately, it came out as anger. His wife was right and because he arrogantly considered himself to be intellectually superior, he just could not accept it. Consequently, he continued to argue his point and the frustration grew for both of them. What was happening under the surface was, Julie continued arguing in hopes that Mike would see she was right, admit it, and confirm to her that she was good enough for him. Mike, on the other hand, was trying to win a losing argument because winning when he was wrong was more confirmation of his superior intellect than winning when he was right. What neither of them could see was what the other needed, which was basic acceptance and a release of the passion they felt for each other deep down inside. Passion that was so strong it almost hurt. Hell, it did hurt Mike, evidenced by the bloody nose he had earlier.

While they were re-living their argument, I had made my way around the room lighting some scented candles and finally dimming the lights. They were so focused on each other they didn't notice me until the room was lit to a dim glow. They paused, both breathing deeply and staring deep into each other's eyes, neither willing to give. I told them to stop and listen to the silence for a moment. I took Mike's hand and placed it in the middle of Julie's chest. "Do you feel her heartbeat?" I asked. He nodded, taking a deep breath. I then looked at Julie and asked, "Do you feel the heat in his hand, his pulse through his fingertips?" She too nodded and took a slight step forward to force his hand to press a little harder on her chest.

"Julie, earlier, when you were describing your attack to me, you left something out didn't you?" She nodded. "Don't be afraid to admit it to Mike, tell him what it was."

"Well…before I came at you, I could feel my heart pound, I was breaking out in a sweat, and the moisture between my legs was growing, my nipples had grown rigid and ached, and when I finally started swinging at you, it was a substitute release for what I really wanted, which was to relieve my body's need to orgasm.

I looked at Mike and told him to slide his hand to his wife's breast and see if her nipples were responding the same way now. Her reaction told me he found what I expected he would. She closed her eyes and took in a breath as his fingers rolled over her hard nipple. Her chest raised and she reached out to hold his shoulder for balance. 

"Julie, are you still angry?" I asked. "Yes, I am, but I can't help the other feelings I'm having, my body is so charged with sexual energy, I just don't understand."

"That's ok sweetheart, you will soon and so will Mike. Now Julie, I want you to slide your fingers inside your panties and coat them with your juices. Take them out and put them up to Mike's mouth, but don't let him taste them." She did as I instructed. "Now Mike, can you smell your wife's sweet scent?" He nodded. "And are you ready to taste her, make her anger go away and leave only the passions she's feeling right now?" Again, he nodded. "All you have to do is tell her you were wrong and that you're sorry." 

This seemed to surprise him a little and he me gave that, "Do I really have to," look. I repeated myself and reluctantly, he said, "I'm sorry Hun, I only wanted you to see me as a man and not a squirmy little toad that gives in easily. I know you were right, and I want to get past this so we can be happy again." 

With that, Julie slipped her fingers in his mouth and he sucked her juices feverishly, taking in all she had offered. Between this and his hand on her breast, she was growing more excited and beginning to have trouble standing. I guided her to sit on the couch and told Mike to kneel down between her legs. 

"Julie, do you still feel the anger?"

"No," she said, "but my pussy is flowing and I need release." 

I told Mike not to move yet; I needed to talk with his wife. I sat close to her and leaned in to whisper in her ear. "Julie, you've gotten what you needed from Mike now, a sense of acceptance and acknowledgement that you are not mentally inferior to him. Before we can go on though, he needs to get what he needs from you now. He needs to feel like a man in your eyes and since you pounded him earlier, that's going to require a lot of trust on your part to do what I have planned next. Are you still up for this and do you still trust me?" She licked her lips and nodded, signaling to me that she was ready to take the next step.

Standing up now, I said, "Julie, I want you to look down at Mike and stare into his eyes. Now slap his face, don't hesitate, just do it." She did and Mike reeled from the shock of what had just happened. "Now do it again." She obeyed and Mike looked like he was going to retreat.

I put my hand on his shoulder and told him to relax. "I knelt by his side and whispered to him, "Your wife is hot and dripping pussy juice all over the couch just waiting for you to take control. Your problem is, you're so hung up on being right all the time, you forget to be a man. Now that you've shown you can admit to being wrong, your wife has rewarded you with the response in her pussy and the slap in the face is a challenge to stand up and take control. So now it's up to you, either kneel down here and whimper inside about being wrong, or act like a man and fuck her the way she should be fucked. 
