 The gritty strains on an indiscernible Merle Haggard song bled through the fuzzy speakers of Russ's Waters Edge Tavern, on the outskirts of Cape Girardeau, Missouri. Muffled sounds of peanut shells crackling under the feet of a nonstop progression of Midwestern rednecks combined with the occasional slaps of pool balls colliding to create the Webster's Dictionary definition of Honky Tonk Heaven.

Despite the fact that the usual crowd had gathered in the seedy, Marlboro smoke filled bar, at a quarter to midnight on a cold and gusty late November Friday evening, by the time the few stragglers that had stumbled in for a pitstop from I-55 had departed, it was evident to all the regulars left, that there was a special vibe permeating the establishment.

Everyone seemed to be going about their normal business of either drinking heavily and trying to smooth up to someone of the opposite sex, or drinking heavily and trying to win a few dollars at a friendly game of pool or poker in the cordoned off game room. Despite the appearance that it was a normal weekend night at Russ's, the unmistakable sight of a young woman hanging upside down on the far rear wall of Russ's back room, with her hands and bare feet each tightly secured in restraints caused the 50 or so locals left inside of the bar to buzz with a keen sense of anticipation.

* * * * *

Stephanie Jean Conroy had been born to a sixteen year old runaway Mother, seventeen years and 364 days prior to the night she found herself hanging upside down on the wall of a beer dive on the outskirts of Cape Girardeau.

The force of gravity had caused a good deal of blood to redden Steph's cherubic face as she dangled there, looking expectantly up through her tilted sightlines at the parade of drunk men and women that anxiously circled around her.

Clad only in a tee-shirt and a pair of blue denim shorts, Steph had to fight the occasional urge to scream out in laughter each time a stranger came over and tickled her bare, clamped feet.

"Goddammitt...Girl...you gonna get it good tonight," one of the drunk billiards players snickered down to her before quickly turning around to take his shot on the table.

The Daughter of a truck stop prostitute named Jessie Conroy, Stephanie had never known her Father. With her Mother making a living working the truckstop circuit up and down I-55 well into her late 20's, Steph was baptized into that lifestyle from day one and had steadily built up a hatred and distrust for men that far exceeded her years.

Even though there was a healthy stream of men in and out of her Mother's life as Steph grew up, the young girl quickly came to understand that anything walking around with a dick was only good for two things, a fuck and rent.

Trapped in the social malaise of hopelessness that had burdened her family for generations, Steph Conroy was left with no legitimate outlook for the future, thus everyone in Steph's circle of acquaintances, including herself, lived for the moment, constantly seeking out their daily wants and dependencies with little care of the consequences.

Not one to ever have any patience or persistence with anything in her life, the 17 year old girl hanging helplessly from the bar room wall felt an eerie sense of detached calm as she looked up at the clock that was ticking away the final 10 minutes of her 17th year of life. At the stroke of midnight, Stephanie Conroy would be 18 and that was what everyone assembled inside of Russ's Tavern was waiting for.

Perhaps the man there with the greatest amount of anticipation was a 38 year old local man named Melvin Gathers. Melvin had grown up in Cape Girardeau and after a failed attempt to make it with the US Army, returned to Missouri when he was 21 and spent the better part of the next two decades in and out of prison.

About 8 months prior to Stephanie's strange birthday party, Melvin had been drinking at Russ's when he bumped into a woman named Jessie Conroy. The dysfunctional and immoral leechlike nature they each shared immediately attracted Jessie and Melvin to each other and they started to date. The fact that Jessie had a good looking and rather socially active 17 year old Daughter gave Melvin more of a reason to stick around for a while.

Even though Melvin spent many of those days since trying to figure out how to get into Stephanie's pants, he knew that he was treading on thin ice with his parole officer and he was in no mood to go back to prison to finish out his 10 year larceny and possession with the intent to distribute sentence just because he wanted a taste of Jessie's Daughter before she was of age.

So Melvin Gathers did his best to control his urges despite the fact at the sexual tension between the two constantly boiled just under the surface.

About a month before Stephanie's 18th birthday, she had been laying on the sofa in her Mother's living room, watching tv at 1:30 in the morning, when Melvin staggered through the front door after a long night of drinking.

Knowing Jessie was already drunk and passed out in the rear bedroom of the trailer, Melvin dragged himself up to the sofa and dropped his weary body down right beside a none to pleased Stephanie.

"Leave me alone...don't you have a home to go to?" the unsettled and sleepy, then 17 year old sniped at the older man as she coiled her long tee-shirt and panty clad body into a tighter knot.

"God... your such a dick tease," Melvin drunkenly spat, glaring openly at the girl's bare legs. "You know you want me!"

"Yeah...right," Steph sarcastically rolled her eyes.

"Mom would kill you if you ever tried anything!" Stephanie added, loud enough for her Mother to hear in the other room, if Jessie were actually still conscious.

Knowing Jessie was too far gone to hear anything happening in the living room, Melvin snarled back to the younger girl.

"You know she don't give a damn about you...she don't give a damn about me either...all the Bitch cares about is her fuckin' Crank habit!

Rolling her unwashed dark blonde hair between her chubby fingers, Steph slipped her spent chewing gum to the front of her mouth and showed it to Melvin as if to say, "You want this?"

"Then why don't you just go ahead and fuck me instead of going around all the time looking at me like your undressing me...you really want it...here it is," Stephanie gruffly told her Mother's tettering, and on the verge of blacking out, boyfriend. 

"Yeah...I'd fuck you...yeah right...I know you and your big mouth...you'd go tell your Mom...that boyfriend of yours...his Uncle's a cop...you'd yell rape and I'd be on the next train to the State Pen...your nasty ass ain't worth all the trouble," Melvin blathered correctly.

"I ain't huh...shit...you stay up at night thinking about it," Steph also correctly assessed.

"Uh...huh...maybe some of the other fuckheads down at the bar your Momma pals around with might...Lord knows I don't," Melvin sarcastically shot back.

"Bullshit you don't," Steph coughed.

Several moments of silence passed between the two before Stephanie's sparked curiosity took over. "Who down at the bar wants to fuck me?" She carefully asked.

Melvin instantly looked up at the young girl with a drunken and sly smile. "I thought you weren't interested?"

"I'm not," Steph turned away, this time blushing slightly.

"HA...," Melvin grinned, knowing he had her on the hook. "Just a few of the guys...we were talking the other night about you turning 18 in a few weeks...and they just had a few ideas...no big deal."

"...What kind of ideas," Steph meekly begged, hating herself for her rabid curiosity.

* * * * *

So there Stephanie Conroy was, her 155 lb frame hanging upside down on the hardwood wall of Russ's Waters Edge Tavern, with her hands and feet held tightly in restraints as the last five minutes of her 17th year of life briskly bled away.

Even though Melvin's offer had initially disgusted her, Stephanie couldn't ignore the fact that each time her and her boyfriend, Jamison, had sex after Melvin made his pitch, she found herself on the receiving end of some of the most powerful orgasms of her life as she internally pondered the older man's idea at the same time she was being fucked for real.

A tangible sigh rippled through the entire bar as the second, minute and hour hand on the big clock on the wall all came together, signaling the start of a new day, and Stephanie's 18th birthday.

"Oh my God...this is it," a nervously excited voice deep inside Steph's head whispered as she prepared herself for the imminent onslaught.

Stephanie's entire body tensed from anticipation as she fought to keep her bearings from all the blood that rushed to her brain.

"Hurry up and take me before I pass out, "Steph grunted in her saucy, Midwestern drawl, loud enough for everyone in the bar to clearly hear over the whine coming from the jukebox's speakers.

As if someone had suddenly pulled the electrical plug to the place, the hustle and bustle of the 50 or so barflies that remained inside of Russ's was replaced by 50 sets of curious and awestruck eyes, each turned directly on the young girl, all ablaze with the graphic possibilities that the night promised.

Even though she had been having sex since the age of 13 and had chalked up every possible notch in her chain of sexual conquests, the overpowering sense of arousal that came with having all those eyes focused luridly on her while she helplessly dangled on the wall made Steph's dripping pussy burn as the herd of men anxiously began to close in.

* * * * *

After explaining his plan to several of the regulars that frequented Russ's, the idea immediately caught fire as guy after guy stepped forward to volunteer his services.

"You all can't fuck her...you'll kill the damn girl...but trust me...it'll be a good show for everyone involved," Melvin promised, knowing that at some point each guy would probably have a shot a Stephanie, but he was desperate to keep her pussy as tight as possible on that fateful night so he could have first crack at it on her birthday.

Slipping the owner Russ and extra $100 for the use of the bar, Melvin's cock stayed hard for nearly a week as he anticipated what might happen. Making it a point to keep the birthday festivities a secret except for those on the inside, Melvin hatched a plan for Jamison, Steph's boyfriend, to get his Policeman Uncle to pull over Jessie Conroy's car at some point during the day leading up to Stephanie's special night. Knowing there would be plenty of drugs and paraphernalia in Jessie's car when she got stopped, Melvin felt more comfortable having his girlfriend in jail facing charges than possibly having her stumble into Russ's to see what her soon to be 18 year old Daughter had committed to do. If Jessie went to jail, it would also give Melvin much freer access to nail Stephanie anytime he wanted, without Jessie trying to kill him.

With everything now in order, all there was left to do for Melvin Gathers was to hand Jamison the switchblade knife from his pocket and watch as Steph's 22 year old boyfriend casually strolled up to her as she waited on the wall.

* * * * *

The cold, shiny six inch cutting edge of the switchblade knife sizzled through the air like a camera flash as Jamison sauntered closer to his upside down girlfriend.

"You ready Steph?" Jamison coyly asked. "You gotta room full of people here waiting to wish you Happy Birthday."

Bending his knees slightly, Jamison worked his 6 foot 3 inch frame down beside his anxious lover and began to lightly stroke the knife's blade up and down Stephanie's freckled right arm.

Feeling his dick throb painfully as he watched the way Steph nervously followed the path of the blade, Jamison leaned all the way in and caressed his mouth against the nape of the young girl's exposed neck. Jamison could immediatly feel the heat of Stephanie's rapidly coursing blood warm his lips, tenderly biting at her salty flesh as he continued teasing her with the knife.

Stephanie's 22 year old boyfriend casually pulled his head back after leaving an initial hickey on the girl's milky white skin, sizing her up one last time before raising the switchblade's cutting edge up to the front collar of her tightly fitted teeshirt.

"Be careful with that," Steph's silent expression seemed to beg as her boyfriend efficently sliced the blade up the length of Steph's blue shirt.

Jamison could feel Stephanie's heaving bosom shiver against his flexed right arm as he eased the knife up through the fabric of his girlfriend's quickly disappearing top. Before he knew it, Steph's teeshirt was left in tatters, exposing the teenage girl's milky white stomach and heftily endowed breasts, concealed snugly inside of an overmatched white bra.

Pulling back slightly to survey the cut, Jamison admired his girlfriend's voluptuous body as he took a sip of beer before bending back down, this time to concentrate on Stephanie's cotton shorts. Tickling the smooth hair of his arm against Steph's exposed breasts, Jamison carefully see-sawed the knife into the fabric of the restrained girl's shorts until they were resting in several ripped remnants in his free hand, just like her shirt had moments earlier.

A noisy array of whistles and cheers spread throughout the bar when everyone got their first look at the 18 year old's matching bra and panties.

Taking a few moments to reflect on his handywork, Jamison finally leaned overtop of Steph's glowing face and slipped the top of the knife under the front wire of his girlfriend's size 38 C bra.

Holding the cold steel against the bare skin of Stephanie's chest for several seconds, Jamison watched his girlfriend's breathless face tremble as he quickly jerked the knife up, slicing the huge bra in half. Ripping at the heavy duty white straps constricting Steph's arms, Jamison looked just like a hunter dismembering a kill as he peeled the torn wreckage of the teenager's bra away from her chest.

A collective gasp echoed throughout the bar as soon as Stephanie Conroy's healthy, jiggling titties flopped straight out of their restrictive cups, directly down against her chubby cheeks.

"Holy Shit...look at those tits," one drunk redneck wailed out loud as Jamison prepared to rip apart the last vestige of his girlfriend's clothing, her silky white and arousal stained panties.

"Hold on for a second there Jamison...leave them on for a little while longer...I want to see just how soaked she can make those things while we're fooling around with her...we'll get down to showing off Steph's fat pussy soon enough," Melvin interjected, bringing a smile to his and Jamison's already cocksure faces.

"No problem, Boss," Jamison gleamed, as he folded the switchblade back into locked position and handed it to the older man.

"Good work, Jamison," Melvin proudly exclaimed. "Now go get yourself a beer...and tell Russ up there at the bar that he's on deck."

* * * * *

Melvin Gathers retreated back to his barstool, several feet off to the left of where his Girlfriend's Daughter was nearly naked and hanging upside down from the wall. Taking a long swig of his cold Coors, Melvin savored the sight of the Stephanie's unsheathed bosom as gravity forced her breasts to bounce and roll lewdly across the young girl's bloodfilled face.

The older man scanned his twisted memory banks trying to determine just how many times he had fantasized about fucking Jessie's only Daughter, including a vast majority of times that he was actually fucking Jessie. To be able to look across the smoke filled room and see Stephanie Conroy dangling on the wall in four solid restraints with most of her clothes removed, offered up like some pagan virginal sacrafice, Melvin could barely keep himself from laughing out loud as he yelled over to the bar's owner, standing behind the counter.

"Hey Russ...get out from behind there and go over to Steph to get your dick sucked...you were nice enough to let us use your place...least we can do is let you have first crack at the girl's mouth," Melvin offered.

An illuminated expression of opportunity shined in Russ's hounddog eyes as he stared back at Melvin to make sure the event's organizer wasn't kidding.

"Yeah...Hos'...go over there and stick your dick in her mouth...look at her hanging there drowling...you can see it on her lips from here...go over and bust a nut...she's dying for some cock." Melvin implored with charitable kindness.

"You don't have to tell me twice," Russ stammered back as he tossed his dirty bar rag down to the counter and began removing his stained apron.

Walking around the edge of the bar with all the enthusiasm of a 5 year old on Christmas Morning, the 52 year old proprietor of the establishment weaved his way through jumbled mass of patrons as he unzipped his fly. Briskly gliding over to the pool table against the far wall of his bar, Russ sauntered up to Stephanie's nearly naked frame and thanked several of his customers for their friendly pat on the back as he bracketed his feet to each side of the birthday girl's dangling head.

Taking special care not to step of Stephanie's flowing blonde locks as he slid as close to her as possible, Russ fished his chubby cock free from his pants and allowed it to eagerly dance right in front of the teenager's naked belly. Leaning forward with his energized frame, Russ massaged his cock to full attention before bending down slightly, far enough so that he could drop his puggish manhood on top of the 18 year old's saliva coated chin.

Allowing his thighs to roughly brush up against each one of Steph's sagging breasts as he bent down, Russ carefully positioned his knees on the floor so that his meaty cockhead was perfectly deposited in front of the restrained girl's mouth.

"Damn...I've wanted to do this for the longest time," Russ truthfully mouthed to anyone within earshot as he inched his stubby dick forward to pierce Stephanie's pouty lips.

Thrusting his hips clumsily forward, Russ's weathered body started to shudder as his entire bulging girth seemed to disappear inside of the wanton teenage slut's reddened face. Feeling as if he might lose his balance from the glorious sensation of having his dick slide down Steph's churning throat, Russ had to ease his hands out to support his tettering weight, in the process wrapping his grip tightly around the chubby girl's thick waist as she slurped at his blunt appendage.

"OHH...SHIT...YEAH," Russ grunted, his rabid voice mingling thouroughly with the hooting and hollaring of the veracious onlookers.

"Suck that dick little girl," someone yelled from back in the crowd as the bar's owner continued to snake his erection down Stephanie Conroy's blistering throat.

His cock throbbing as hard as it had in years, Russ guided his left hand off of Stephanie's waist and lowered it to her sweaty cheek, savoring the feel of her smooth teenage skin against his rough fingers as he felt his boiling seed works it way out.

Taking his right hand off of Stephanie's midrift as well, Russ reached down and grabbed a handfull of the young girl's dirty blonde hair. Guiding his hair filled right hand up to his crotch, Russ proceeded to massage his balls, with Steph's hair acting as a smooth and angelic buffer.

"GODDAAMNNN...I"M GONNA CUM!" Russ shouted out, arching his head painfully backwards from the sheer delight of it all.

"Give it to her good Ole Boy," someone yelled from the assembled throng. "Make the Slut swallow every last drop of it!"

Having been divorced for well over 15 years, Russ hadn't had a steady lay since the mid 80's. Eventhough he had enjoyed an occassional tryst with some of the women who frequented his bar, nothing he had encountered in the years since his reckless youth matched the decadent feeling of the freshly minted 18 year old girl hanging from his bar room wall, giving him a blowjob as if her life depended on it.
