 A sigh of collective de-compression swirled through the room as everyone anxiously waited to see what would happen next. 

"Hand me a beer," Jamison shouted to a group of onlookers congregated around the bar. Taking the cold draft when it was delivered, Jamison carefully carried the frozen mug over to where Stephanie was resting in a naked heap on the floor, trying to catch her breath. 

"You thirsty... here ya go," Jamison smiled down to his girlfriend. 

Waiting for Steph's eyes to glimmer up towards his, as soon as he saw a hint of recognition, Jamison tilted the mug and allowed the cold foamy liquid to stream down against the young girl's fevered face. 

The splattering sound of beer smacking Stephanie's chubby cheeks caused everyone in the room to strain their heads to the side so they could get a better look at the way the teenage slut licked and lapped at the soothing refreshment with her long, pink and devilish tongue. 

Once Jamison was finished helping Stephanie replenish her fluids, he took a step back and joined Melvin as the two men in charge of the situation decided what to do next. 

"Let's get her up on her feet... let her get a little fresh air before we pass her around," Melvin offered. 

"No problem," Jamison replied, as the two men went to grab the naked 18 year old by each arm. 

Once Jamison and Melvin were able to get Stephanie's limp body stabilized and balanced, they held her in place for several moments, allowing everyone in the bar to gawk at the teenage girl's wonderfully voluptuous breasts and freshly eaten pussy. Helping the naked girl take a few steps forward on her sleepy legs, Jamison and Melvin swirled Stephanie around and eased her up to the closest pool table they could find. With Steph's large, rounded behind facing the crowd, Melvin pinched and pulled at the young girl's asscheeks to expose her glorious cunt while Jamison pressed Stephanie's hands firmly down against the smooth edge of the table. 

"Spread your legs a little more, Baby," Jamison whispered into his girlfriend's ear. "Let all these rowdy motherfuckers get a good look at that nice fat ass of yours!"

Digging his fingers deeply between Stephanie's asscheeks, Melvin rolled his greasy digits around like a corkscrew until he had forced apart the young girl's teeming vaginal lips so everyone in the room could see just how beautiful her glossy pussy really was. 

"Jesus... look at that sweet cunt," a man in the front row toasted. 

Looking over at the cocksure way Melvin was going about manipulating Steph's slit, Jamison guided his free hand up to his girlfriend's face and pushed the hair away from her eyes so he could soak in her overwhelmed expression. 

"Your Momma's boyfriend feel good with his hand all up inside of you?" Jamison asked in a sexually charged, husky whisper. 

Pushing his thumb violently against Steph's erect clitoris, Melvin relentlessly prodded the young girl's vagina until her bare feet were shaking on the floor. 

"UURRRRRAAHHH... ," Stephanie whimpered , feeling the older man's hand eagerly slither and slide over every inch of her electrified crevise. 

Taking Steph up to the point of no return, Melvin quickly removed his hand when he sensed the teenage girl was about to cum again. 

"Not so fast," he mockingly told her. "You such a bad girl... nothing but a whore... a cock hungry and apparently now a cunt hungry whore... well if all your ever gonna be is a whore... better be a damn good one Stephanie... not a pathetic waste like your Mother turned out to be... how bad do you want to make all these guys here happy tonight... huh... how bad?"

"... Bad... real... bad," Steph sighed back to her Mother's devious boyfriend. "Real... fucking... bad. "

"Such a young and pretty slut," Melvin hissed in return before pulling his hand all the way out of her snatch and slapping Stephanie's exposed rear with his glazed hand several times. 

The stinging echoes of Melvin Gathers' ass smacks rippled through Russ's Tavern, tingling everyone's ears as they watched the 18 year old dutifully hold herself in place, bravely taking the punishment that was being dealt. 

"GODDAMN," Steph winced out each time Melvin's weathered hand collided with her fleshy cheeks. 

"Your such a bad girl to want to do all this right in front of all these people Stephanie... Shit... some of the folks have known you since you were a little girl... you don't have a shred of shame do you?" Melvin wickedly spat. "Show 'em that nice ass of yours... bend over further so everyone can see that hot pink cunt of yours... shake that tail... make that ass dance... show everybody here your ready to take on the whole room!"

"Just fuck me please... please... somebody just fuck me," Stephanie begged, shaking her naked and spanked behind towards the crowd like a black girl in a rap video would. 

Melvin felt his dick literally trying to bore a hole through his pants as he watched the lurid way Stephanie's lust completely overtook her. "God I'd love to let every guy in this place have his way with her," the older man thought to himself. "But I'm getting first crack at that beautiful pussy tonight, no matter what, and I just can't wait that long. They can do whatever they want to with her after I finish... lets let 'em at least get a whiff of it first though. "

"Everybody... LINE UP," Melvin shouted out to the crowd of onlookers. "I want everyone to at least get a taste of this hot young bitch before she gets fucked!"

* * * * *

In a matter of minutes, a hastily constructed line of patrons had formed inside the bar, beginning at the pool table Stephanie Conroy was leaning against, winding out of the game room, all the way to the front door of the watering hole. Over the next half hour, it looked just like a jovial funeral procession as every man and woman waited their turn to walk up and touch the 18 year old birthday girl's bent over body. 

* * * * *

Her pussy still burning from the orgasm Cherise had given her while she was strapped to the wall, Stephanie desperately clenched her hands around the edge of the table, cringing in excruciating joy as person after person walked up behind her and freely poked and prodded her most sensitive areas. Keeping her eyelids sealed shut, Stephanie was left to blindly enjoy the exquisite feel of the seemingly nonstop flow of hands molesting her exposed pussy, ass and breasts. 

In her bitterly self imposed darkness, Stephanie found it oddly interesting how she could differentiate between the texture and wanton gropes of the rough male hands jabbing at her cunt from the slightly more tentative and soft inquiries of the women in line. 

"Mmmpph... yeesss," Stephanie blurted out every so often, her skin welling with goosebumps as Melvin and Jamison tugged and squeezed at her hanging tits, while they continued to securely hold her in place for the streaming line of well-wishers. 

"Dammit... let me cum... please let me cum," Stephanie wearily begged as hand after curious hand found its way between her parted legs "I can't take anymore... please let me cum!"

"Not about to let you cum again little girl... not yet," Melvin whispered into Steph's beet red ear. 

"I can't help it... I can't... my pussy feels like its gonna burst... its buzzing sooooo much," the 18 year old girl breathlessly gulped. 

"Just how bad do you need to, Stephanie?" Melvin cockily asked. 

"AAHHH... BAADDD... AAHHH," Stephanie disjointedly answered. 

Motioning for the last few stragglers at the rear of the line to hurry up and take a swipe at the young girl's nectar soaked genitals, Melvin then nodded towards Jamison for him to pick up the same cue stick he had been playing with earlier. 

Seeing the younger boy reaching for the long stick, Melvin reached to his right and grabbed the 8-ball of the pool table in front of Stephanie. 

Rolling the solid weight of the ball between his meaty fingers, Melvin guided it up to the top of Stephanie's quivering back and slowly started to roll it down the length of her spinal column. 

"We'll see just how bad you want to cum you nasty little fuckslut... we're gonna see if you can be as nasty on this same table as your crankhead Mom was a few months back," Melvin warned the young girl with foreboding clarity. 

Hearing Melvin hint at the story about Jessie Conroy and that same pool table Stephanie was now leaning up against, everyone within earshot of the scene instantly perked up, knowing exactly what Jessie's boyfriend meant. 

* * * * *

It had been way back in the early Spring that Jessie Conroy had gotten particularly lit while on a binge at Russ's Tavern and as the course of that fateful evening wore on, she made it readily known vocally, as well as with her body language, that she was prepared to take on every man in the bar. 

By the time the sun was beginning to peek over the Mississippi River to the East the next morning, no less than 20 men had walked out of the bar feeling gloriously deflated after getting their rocks off inside Melvin's, then new, girlfriend. 

"You gonna let that many guys have a crack at Stephanie?" Jamison curiously asked the older man. 

Being one of the men that had taken his place on top of Jessie's spent but begging carcass that night back in the Spring, Jamison found it intoxicatingly arousing the thought of doing the same thing to the Jessie's naked Daughter. 

"Hell No," Melvin replied "You've fucked the Bitch plenty of times... you wouldn't still be with her if that pussy wasn't tight... If her Mom goes to jail like I'm hoping... I'm gonna get a chance to nail the slut every once in a while myself... the Hell with letting every fucker here in the bar try to tear her open... you remember what it was like fucking Jessie that night... we had to tie a rope around your waist to keep you from falling in. "

"Got that stick ready?" Mevin added. 

"Right here," Jamison smiled. 

With Stephanie trembling between them, the two men jointly gave a good push between the naked girl's shoulder blades and forced her face down on the pool table, in the process, causing her huge ass to raise even higher up into the air. 

Loving the image of Stephanie's dirty blonde hair spilling sexily across the green felt surface of the pool table, both Melvin and Jamison had to bite their lips, desperately fighting the urge to satiate their raging erections right then and there. 

"Got that cue stick ready, Jamison?" Melvin asked. 

"Yep," the younger boy briskly replied. "You think that 8-ball you got there's gonna fit where you wanna put it?"

"We're getting ready to find out," The older man answered calmly. "Tell ya what Jamison... reach down and make her spread her feet apart just a little bit more so I can get a good angle between her crack. "

"You got it," Jamison replied, placing his left hand underneath Stephanie's belly and pressing upwards so her ass would raise even further up into the air. 

"There you go," Melvin wickedly smiled as he rolled the 8-ball between his tingling fingers. 

"Let me get this thing wet inside her cunt first before you go and tap that cue stick against her ass... you know that's her trigger... she'll cum before I even get this ball moist," Melvin grinned over to Jamison as he calmly snuck the black and white ball between the young girl's fleshy asscheeks. 

"URRGGAAHHH," Stephanie audibly gasped, her legs trembling on the floor, not having a clue what her Mother's boyfriend had snuck between her parted legs. 

"AAHHH... AAHHH... what... what is... that?" Stephanie stammered as Melvin forcefully pressed the hard round ball directly up to the opening of her greasy slit. 

"Thought you might wanna play a little game of 8-ball with the boys tonight, Darling, "Melvin haughtily whistled into the teenage girl's ear. "Do you feel it going into your side pocket... right... about... NOW?"

"OOHHHAAAHH... YYEEZZZZ," Stephanie bitterly whimpered, bracing her hands as tight as she could around the railing of the pool table, at the same time her legs buckled weakly on the floor. 

"UMMPPHHH... DDAAMMIITTTT," Stephanie belted out, even louder this time, as she pressed her forehead harshly down against the green fabric of the pool table. 

Roughly spinning the 8-ball in his hand, Melvin wedged the heavy mass so forcefully against Steph's crotch that smoke nearly began to billow from her tender vaginal lips. 

"SHHITT... FFUUCCKK... SSHHIITTT," Stephanie gasped, helpless but to kneel in place as her Mother's lust-driven boyfriend injected the solid sphere further and further into her gaping pink quim. 

"You ain't felt nothin' yet," Melvin warned sadistically, nodding over to Jamison for him to slide the cue stick closer to the girl's rear. 

Keeping the 8-ball tightly pressed against the entrance of Stephanie's steaming vagina, Melvin eased his free hand down to the 18 year old's ample asscheeks, before pulling them apart to reveal the puckered target of her thumbnail sized anus. 

Quickly seizing the void Melvin had created, Jamison eased the length of the 6 foot stick into a horizontal position and carefully guided the tip of it right up to Stephanie's begging asshole. 

So overcome by the grinding sensation of having the fist sized ball rotating relentlessly around the circumference of her vaginal opening, the young girl was totally unprepared for the added pressure of having the end of the cuestick lodged firmly into her raised behind. 

""UUUHHHOOOOHHHHHHHH," Stephanie grimaced noisily, sounding as if she were trapped and tumbling down inside of a massive sexual avalanche. 

The blood was rushing inside her head so rapidly that Stephanie had no way of hearing the nonstop litany of 'oohhs' and 'ahhhs' coming from the transfixed crowd of onlookers assembled behind her. 

"Just look at all that shit glisten between her thighs, " Melvin smiled up to Jamison as the younger boy inched the tip of the stick forward inside Steph's distended anus. 

"That fucking 8-ball looks like a rock jammed into a leak in a dam... I bet if you pulled that thing out right now she'd make a hell of a mess on the floor," Jamison laughed in return. "Shit... you can see it drippin' out from the edges right now!"

"MMMPPHH," Steph grimaced joyously, her feet lurching off the dirty floor as her ass dutifully worked backwards against the shaft of the stick in Jamison's steady hand. 

"You know I can't take it back there, Jamison... God you know I can't take it back there... SSHHIITTT," Stephanie shuddered, clenching her eyes shut as both men ruthlessly continued to ravage each of her orifices. 

Jamison and Melvin simply laughed at Stephanie's dazed cry of desperation as they pillaged her steaming genitals. 

Cramming the girth of the pool ball firmly over the front of Stephanie's bubbling slit, the 8 on the front of the ball was positioned perfectly so that it faced out between her legs as Melvin forced it deeper and deeper. 

"Think that magic 8-ball will tell us a fortune if you shake it really hard, Melvin?" Jamison laughed. 

"Let's see," Melvin grunted before cruelly screwing the ball further up inside Stephanie's gaping cunt. 

"GODAAMMIITT... I can't take that much longer," Stephanie cried. "It feels like you ramming your fist all the way up inside of me!" 

"You can't huh," Melvin replied. "We'll see just how much you can take little girl!"

Nodding for Jamison to press the cue stick in further, Melvin's eardrums nearly shattered when Stephanie loudly shrieked, at the top of her lungs, from the wooden stick torpedoing deep into her rectum. 

"AAAHH... FUCK... AAAHHH... SSHHIITTTT," Stephanie babbled over and over as Jamison fiendishly twisted the pool stick into her flarred anal cavity. 

Keeping the intense pressure on Stephanie's pussy constant with the embedded black and white ball, Melvin twisted his arm at an ungodly angle until the rounded sphere was roughly digging up against the young girl's screaming clit. 

"FUCK... I'M GONNA CUM... I'M GONNA CUM... I'M GONNA CCCUUUMMMM... DAAMMIITTT... YOU'LL ARE TRYING TO KILL MMMEEEEEEEE," Stephanie spasticly whimpered, working her swampy crotch back against the two mens' depraved advances as if she were perched on top of an epileptic bronco. 

Melvin gave the 8-ball one last push into Stephanie's cunt before pulling his hand away and allowing the teenager's tightly constricting vaginal walls to hold the ball in place. 

"Shit... look at that... the Bitch is holding the ball between her pussy lips," Jamison marveled, keeping tight hold of the cue stick in his hand, feeling the lurid and surreal way the shaft seemed to quiver in his hand as Stephanie's anal muscles savagely choked at it. 

By the time the 8-ball dropped like a greasy led balloon from Stephanie's snatch, everyone in the room felt a tingle shiver down their spines when the ball landed with a heavy thud between the girl's shaky feet. 

Following the displaced ball to the floor, several droplets of Stephanie's restrained vaginal fluids dripped out as well, splattering in a series of messy drops around the glistening black and white object. 

Reaching down to pick up the 8-ball from the floor, Jamison raised it up to Stephanie's flushed face and teasingly rolled the cum-saturated sphere over the girl's quivering lips. 

"Lick it off, Stephanie... come on... the boys might want to play a little pool later... you wouldn't want them to have to play with dirty balls would you?" Jamison mockingly hissed. "Come on Steph... lick it all off!"

Sure enough, after a moment to catch her breath, Stephanie rolled her eyes in both Melvin and Jamison's direction before snaking out her tongue and thirstily working it around the midnight black ball until every bit of her own feminine glaze had been washed into her mouth. 

* * * * *

Worried that one of his pool tables could face irrevocable harm from whatever the night's events might leave on the soft and sensitive green felt, Russ pulled a large blanket out from his office and quickly spread it across the top of the pool table. 

"Get her up here, Boys," Russ grinned as he patted out the wrinkles in the old musty blanket. 

* * * * *

With Stephanie's completly naked body prone on the playing surface of the pool table, all the aroused onlookers instantly crept closer to inspect the teenage girl. 

Keeping their spots at the front of the throng, Melvin and Jamison roughly fondled Stephanie's stripped body, pushing her chubby thighs apart in the process so that everyone behind them could see close up just how drenched the young girl's pussy had really become. 

"So who's gonna be next?" Melvin turned and asked, with all the enthusiasm of a carnival barker. 

Spending a few moments to measure the expressions on the faces behind him, Melvin's gaze happened to lock onto one of the few married couples that had found themselves at Russ's Tavern that night. Immediately noticing the tent-like bulge that pressed out against the front of Rick Muncie's pants, Melvin allowed his line of sight to shift subtly to the left where he saw Rick's wife, Dana, standing beside her husband with two extremely noticeable nipples poking out the front of her frilly white blouse. 

"I've got an idea," Melvin began. "Rick... Dana... get up here!"

* * * * *

Rick and Dana Muncie had been married for seven years. For Rick, it was his second marriage, the first of which coming to an end when his initial wife Louise caught him cheating with Dana. After waiting for his divorce to become final Rick married a pregnant Dana and for the most part had stayed loyal for the duration of their marriage. 

A chief welder at one of the dockyards on the Mississippi, Rick found himself going to Russ' three or four times a week to blow off steam. One of the things that kept the Muncie's marriage solid was Dana's confidence that her husband wouldn't cheat around on her no matter how much flirting he was forced to endure on his late nights out. In the end, Rick always came home to her at the end of the night. The fact that Dana was 10 years his junior and kept him completely satisfied in bed played a big role however, in Rick staying 99. 9% loyal to his beautiful blonde wife. 
