 Melvin stared in stunned silence, along with the rest of the bar's patrons, as Rick and Dana leaned back on top of the pool table, both numb, exhausted and dizzy from the vicious lust Stephanie had just unleashed within each of them. 

"Holy... Shit," Rick sighed loudly as he swabbed the head of his cock through the bubbling jism that coated Stephanie's chubby fingers. 

Leaning forward, Rick grabbed his wife by the back of her neck with his free hand and pulled her closer, planting a deep soulful kiss right on Dana's lips as Stephanie squirmed below. 

As Rick and Dana clumsily slipped their feet back down to the floor and dismounted the pool table, Melvin turned his complete attention to the naked 18 year old slut in front of him. 

"Hey Steph," he taunted, "Your hands are all a mess... how does Rick and Dana's cum feel on them?"

"... Warm... warm and wet," Stephanie grinned lewdly up to her Mother's boyfriend, flapping her knees as she looked up at him, seemingly in an attempt to beckon Melvin closer. 

"You gotta clean yourself off a little before I fuck ya, "Melvin matter of factly told the naked girl. "Raise that left hand of yours up to your mouth and lick off all of Rick's dripping cum... look at it ooze down your wrist... lick it of!"

Melvin watched with sick approval as Stephanie guided her left arm up to her face before using her swirling tongue to cleanse off the slimy white trail that glistened all the way from her fingers, over her wrist and down the inside of her forearm. 

Easing his weight up onto the pool table between Stephanie's outstretched legs, Melvin ordered the teenage whore to extend her right hand, the one she had just used to frig Dana off with, towards him. 

Clutching Stephanie's right forearm between his tingling fingers, Melvin could clearly feel just how aroused the young girl had become. Pulling Steph's drenched hand all the way up to his mouth, Melvin dabbed out his tongue and sucked in the glistening traces of Dana's orgasm as he towered above Stephanie's stripped and quivering body. 

"Damn that tastes good," Melvin hummed over to Jamison as the younger body took his turns at massaging Stephanie's heavy breasts. 

"Dana's pussy taste good, huh?" Jamison replied. 

"Like melted butter," Melvin said as he continued to swab his lips and tongue over every inch of the 18 year old's greasy fingers, hand and wrist. 

After coating his tastebuds with Dana Muncie's languid vaginal secretions, Melvin slipped Stephanie's spitstrewn fingers free from his mouth and dropped the naked girl's right hand down against her flushed cheek. 

"Lick off the rest," Melvin ordered, watching with aroused delight as his girlfriend's daughter shoved both her hands into her mouth and licked of the remaining jism from both Rick and Dana's spent genitals. 

* * * * *

Grabbing Stephanie by her thick waist, Melvin scooted the birthday girl's naked body towards him until her chubby white legs were dangling over the bottom edge of the pool table. 

Easing his weight all the way forward, Melvin pressed his rock solid cock down on top of Stephanie's foaming quim. 

"UUUHHAAHH," The teenage girl briskly moaned when she felt Melvin's crotch collapse on top of hers. 

Feeling Melvin's head come to rest right below her mouth, Stephanie began to whisper into the lustdrunk, older man's ear. 

"You've wanted to fuck me for how long?" Stephanie intensely purred. "I know you've thought about me while you fuck my Mom... you nasty piece of shit... I know you do... she told me you call her by my name sometimes when you get really drunk... well here's your chance you pathetic sonofabitch... your dick's on top of my cunt... let's see what you can do with it?"

Eight months worth of repressed sexual frustrations boiled over inside Melvin Gathers' body as the 18 year old girl talked just like the nasty slut she was into his ear. 

Devilishly licking at her neck and throat, Melvin pushed his weight down on top of Stephanie's cushiony frame and clenched the young girl's meaty left breast between his fingers before pulling it up to his face and shoving as much of it as he could into his drooling mouth. 

His jaws distended like a madman's, Melvin engulfed Stephanie's jiggling titflesh into his mouth before clenching his lips tightly together to create a vicious suction as he roughly suckled the 18 year old laying naked beneath him. 

Stripped from the waist down, the warm itchy fabric of Melvin's flannel shirt grinded down the length of Stephanie's torso until she felt the older man's mouth and hands detach from her breasts, slide over her quivering rounded belly before coming to rest just beside her already ravaged vagina. 

Dropping down to his bare knees, Melvin knelt between Stephanie's splayed legs and deeply inhaled the vivid fragrance wafting out of the teenager's cunt. Melvin could feel the girl's velvet heat warm the skin of his cheeks as he lowered his face straight into the fuming depths of her crotch. 

"I've waited for all this time... I'm gonna eat this shit up," Melvin bellowed to himself, grabbing his cock tightly in his right hand as he grazed his lips across the 18 year old's glistening pink twat. 

"YYEESSMMMMM," Stephanie shrieked, her voice sounding like shattering glass as Melvin's churning mouth created a vacuum seal around her dripping honey pot. 

Swinging his face like a warp speed pendulum between Stephanie's parted legs, Melvin could feel his rapid and swerving head movements cause the teenager's chubby thighs to shake and jiggle against both his ears. 

His nose pressed harshly against the pointy knob of Stephanie's clitoris, Melvin lewdly injected a mouthful of the birthday girl's arousal each time he swallowed. 

"GODDAMMNN... YESS... YEESS... SHITTT... YYESSSS, " Stephanie yelped out, bucking the back of her head up and down on the pool table as her Mother's depraved boyfriend choked down her slimy vaginal traces. 

Kicking her feet out each time Melvin's nose ripped across her raised clit, Stephanie found herself twisting the older man's thinning hair between her fingers as his tongue sank deeper and deeper into her boiling womanhood. 

For the better part of the next five minutes, Melvin Gathers lathered up his entire face, from his receding hairline all the way down to his digging chin, until the young girl's glistening fluids had saturated his weathered features. 

Feeling his internal temperature rise knowing every man in the room was wishing he was the one between Stephanie's legs at that moment, Melvin continued to massage his cock as he ate the naked girl out. 

Understanding that he wasn't as young as he used to be, Melvin feared he'd blow his load all over his hand before he ever got a chance to drive it into Stephanie's ferocious cunt. Knowing he would have a difficult time getting it up again if he wasted his money shot, Melvin slowly pulled his mouth away from the young girl's sizzling genitals and tried standing up on his tingling, half asleep legs. 

"Gotta bust my nut inside of her," Melvin drunkenly told himself over and over. 

"Gotta fuck her... gotta fuck her... gotta get up there and fuck the little slut with all I got... gotta make her want to come back for more after I'm done... gotta make her my slut," Melvin wearily mumbled, sounding more like a nervous but determined schoolboy than a man that was twice Stephanie's age, as he crawled up on top of the pool table and guided his cock towards the same pungent hole he had just been lapping his tongue through. 

* * * * *

Watching Melvin press his knees down between Stephanie's parted legs and swing his pelvis down until his cock was wetly smacking across the entrance of his girlfriend's puckered vagina, Jamison worked his own cock free from his fly and climbed up on top of the pool table, right above Stephanie's twisting skull. 

Dropping his knees down to each side of Stephanie's ears, Jamison used his denim clad thighs to hold the young girl's head in place as he bounced his meaty and seizuring erection right across her face. 

Looking down the length of Stephanie's prone body, smiling at the way Melvin was pistoning himself on top of the naked girl's crotch, Jamison gave the older man a wry smirking smile, knowing just how much fun it was to be grinding on top of Stephanie's pussy. 

Jamison kept his balls positioned directly above his girlfriend's huffing mouth, enjoying the ticklish sensations of Stephanie's rapid and scattered breathing each time Melvin sunk another inch of his cock deep into her oily canal. 

"Stephanie's pussy feel good?" Jamison asked. 

"Damn right... I've been waiting to take a hit at this cunt for a long, long time... shit... maybe later we can DP the Bitch," Melvin coughed back. 

"Sounds like a plan, " Jamison replied. "Just get yours right now big guy... you can tell she likes it... she'll be coming back for more... just worry about gettin' your nut right now though... I'm just gonna sit here and watch her face grind when you really start to plow her hard... then I might drop a little spunk on her fat cheeks. "

Letting out a loud gasp when the head of his cock collided with the backwall of Stephanie's cervix, Melvin took a series of deep breaths before preparing to build up a rhythm inside his Girlfriend's naked Daughter. 

"Ready," Melvin wheezed softly in Steph's ear, feeling the girl's tight pussy furiously twisting his cock. 

"I'm ready for you to fuck the shit out of me," Stephanie replied, loud enough for everyone assembled around the pool table to hear. 

With that, Melvin pressed each of his hands down on top of Stephanie's arms before wrenching his pelvis up into the air and slamming it down with cool calculating precision, time after time, until the noisy sounds of Stephanie's sloppy sex being penetrated echoed through the entire smoky bar room. 

* * * * *

As bad as Jamison wanted to keep his spot on the pool table, jacking off his cock directly above Stephanie's gasping mouth as Melvin fucked her senseless, a devious and more arousing idea sparkled into Jamison's head. 

"Hey Rick," Jamison called out. "Think Dana has enough strength left to drag herself back up on the table?"

After returning the lurid smile Rick had cast towards him, Jamison bounced his thick and pulsing appendage against Stephanie's cheeks as he watched Rick Muncie kneel down in front of Dana and pull her jeans and panties all the way down to her feet. 

Breathlessly taking in Dana's waist down naked frame for several moments, Jamison finally allowed his gaze to shift to Stephanie's face tucked between his legs. 

"You don't have a clue what's about to happen... do you?" Jamison's eyes silently laughed his 18 year old girlfriend. 

By the time Rick had helped Dana remove her blouse and bra, an all-encompassing hush had settled inside Russ' Tavern as each of the patrons sized Dana's completely nude body. 

"What's she gonna do now?" a voice called out from the crowd of onlookers. 

"Get her pussy licked by the birthday girl... that's what," Jamison answered back proudly as he lifted his crotch off Stephanie's face and moved aside so Dana could assume the same position. 

* * * * *

Once Melvin had established a consistent pace on top of Stephanie's gyrating body, he knew from the way his burning balls dribbled down against the entrance of the teenager's cunt each time he made a downward thrust, he wouldn't be able to hold back his orgasm for long. 

When he saw Jamison raise up and back off the pool table, only to be replaced by the completely nude and angelic Dana Muncie, Melvin had to bite his lower lip and swallow hard, trying to keep his spunk inside for as long as possible so he could savor the exquisite feel of Stephanie's vaginal muscles caressing his manhood. 

Dropping his drooling mouth down on top of Stephanie's left breast as he pounded away, Melvin sucked in a mouthful of the teenager's bosom as Dana knelt her crotch down right above his forehead. 

His lips fully wrapped around Stephanie's jiggling titflesh, Melvin cast his gaze upwards and watched as Dana's cunt descended directly down on top of Stephanie's waiting mouth. 

"Holy Shit," Melvin coughed to himself as the beautiful married blonde's cunt landed on Stephanie's face like a fury yellow kitten, right in front of his very own eyes. 

Speeding up his thrusts inside Stephanie's cunt, Melvin could feel the 18 year old's jiggling mass start to shake like jelly underneath him as his impending orgasm bubbled to the surface. 

Looking up through his slanted vision, Melvin fixated with startling disbelief as Stephanie snakelike tongue sexily disappeared inside the shiny lips of Dana's puffy vagina. 

"That's right Baby... lick her cunt," Melvin hummed softly up to Stephanie as he squeezed her breast even tighter between his fingers. 

Hearing the older man's admonition, Stephanie's lips created a perfect oval seal around Dana Muncie's glistening pink vaginal lips as the two women began to rhythmically grind together. 

* * * * *

Her crotch digging down against the younger girl's ravenous mouth, a wondrous expression of ashamed disarray washed across Dana's face as she raised her hands up to massage her tits while Stephanie lavishly ate her out. 

Grinding her teeth together, Dana's pussy was still quivering from the orgasm she had just received as she balanced herself on top of Stephanie's chubby face at the same time Melvin continued his rapid assault on the birthday girl's pussy below. 

Looking over unsteadily at her husband standing to her right, Dana didn't fathom the reason for Rick's grinning expression until she felt a firm stabbing force penetrate her anus. 

"UUHHHHHH," Dana moaned out in shock, her insides burning from having her pussy and her ass impaled at the same time. 

"... Jamison..." Dana breathlessly sighed when she turned her head to see the young man's frame towering above her. 

Her eyes rolling back in their sockets, Dana's long blonde hair cascaded against the young stud's bare chest as he forced his index finger deep into her rectum. 

Feeling the nail of Jamison's finger scratching across the insides of her asshole, Dana bit her lip and flinched when the younger man closed his hand around her asscheeks and spun her entire weight around as if she were seated on top of a rotating stool. 

The smooth burn of her knees sliding across the pool table's surface caused goosebumps to well up all over Dana's skin as Jamison forced her to do a complete 180 until she was eye to eye with him on the top of the table. 

A sharp and rapid series of 'ahhhhs' shuddered from Dana's lips as her pussy corkscrewed on top of Stephanie's hungry mouth. Feeling the weight of Jamison's heated stare as he seemingly gazed through her fluttering eyes, Dana felt stripped in every possible way realizing everyone in the bar was seeing first hand the true depths of her unchained lust. 

* * * * *

To prove his virility and to enjoy the sensation of Stephanie's clutching vaginal walls for as long as he could, Melvin desperately fought to hold back his orgasm. 

"God... I can't cum yet... shit... I've got to make this last," Melvin moaned over and over as he mashed his teeth together. 

His eyes swirling between the images of Stephanie's tits bouncing right in front of his face and Dana's lurching body jerking on top of the 18 year old's drilling mouth, every nerve ending in Melvin's convulsing frame began to splinter. 

"GAAWWDDD... I'M CCUMMIINNGGGG... I CAN'T STOP... II'MMMMMCCUMMMINGGGG," the older man noisily grimaced as he repeatedly slammed his weight down on top of the young girl's sweltering vagina. 

His white hips looking like a wayward jack rabbit on top of Stephanie's voluptuous body, Melvin sent stream after stream of his long pent-up lust deep into his girlfriend's daughter's womb. 

Pressing his face between the cavernous cleavage of Stephanie's breasts, Melvin wallowed in the fleshy darkness as the accumulated sweat on his forehead mixed freely with the combination of fluids coating Stephanie's chest. 

* * * * *

Standing above the unholy scene unfolding on top of the pool table, Jamison quickly slipped his pants down to his feet and stepped out of them before returning his greased up index finger back inside Dana's puckered rectum. 

Looking directly over Dana's quivering shoulder, Jamison had the best vantage point in the room to watch as Melvin Gathers completely lost control of his senses, ramming his cum deep into the girl he had long fantasized about fucking. 

Bringing one of Dana's hands down to his exposed crotch, Jamison closed the married woman's right hand around his cock and tightened his own fist around it, forcing the beautiful blonde to jack him off as he soaked in the lurid display. 

Watching as Melvin's head disappeared between the massive round swells of Stephanie's titties, Jamison slowly traced his gaze up the length of his girlfriend's naked body until he saw the way Stephanie's mouth was chewing at Dana's pussy with utter desperation and sheer sexual hunger. 

Jamison's cock throbbed painfully as he fixated on Stephanie's pale face tucked between Dana's tanned legs and the way he married woman's crotch seemed to become glued to Stephanie's churning cheeks, knowing at that very instant Stephanie's cunt was beginning to overflow with Melvin's creamy white jism. 

Jamison's head started to swirl as the fragrance of Dana's perfume mixed gloriously with the smell of sex wafting up to his nostrils. Casting a quick look over to Rick to gauge his reaction to seeing his own wife commit herself to such a lewd act, Jamison saw clearly that Rick was just as stunned as everyone else in the room at witnessing Dana's drunken transformation as she grinded up and down helplessly on top of Stephanie's demonic tongue. 

His spine shivering from the feel of his ejaculate steadily boiling to the surface, Jamison locked his eyes directly on Dana and intensely stared at her as she pumped her hand up and down on his meaty stalk. 

"Make me cum... come on Dana... make me cum... right here in front of your husband... right here in front of everyone in the bar... come on... jack my cock off while Stephanie finishes eating you out," Jamison taunted as he kept the pressure of his hand on top of Dana's churning grip. 

Hearing the violent sounds of Melvin's anguishing orgasm ripple through the air from behind Dana's back, Jamison had a front row seat to the carnal toppling of dominos that would quickly lead to his own spewing eruption. 

With Melvin's seed turning to froth inside of Stephanie's vacuum-like cunt, the young girl couldn't help springing her mouth open as far as she could as she braced herself for Melvin's final push. In the process, Stephanie's oral machinations caused Dana's pussy to catch fire as well as the married blonde teetered perilously above the teenager's writhing face. 

The ultimate benefactor of the electrical spasms rippling through the gristle of Dana's body was Jamison as he continued the duel pressure of his hand on top of Dana's, rapidly fondling his huge, bulging erection. 

Watching as Melvin's orgasm tripped Stephanie's, and Stephanie's orgasm tripped Dana's, Jamison's head whip-lashed backwards and his peehole flared open, allowing a bursting jet of creamy white cum to shoot out onto the two women in front of him. 

The initial stream of scalding jism shot majestically from his cock, over his and Dana's intertwined hands and landed in a dotted pattern on Stephanie's heaving face. Milking every last drop of lust from his balls, Jamison succeeded in coating Stephanie's face as well as the dense blonde pubic forest that covered Dana Muncie's pussy. 

Collapsing his exhausted body against Dana's in front of him, Jamison squeezed his cock like a bottle of toothpaste to empty any leftover residue as he savored the feel of Dana's firm breasts mashing against his hairy chest. 
