 I was standing at the large garage door entrance of the rental company waiting for Karen to arrive. She was running late and she didn't answer her cell. I really hoped she was coming because I had arranged a special warehouse tour. You see, my friend Tina owns this company and while she was out of town on business, I have been working from her office and managing her company. 

It's a small rental firm and being midweek, there were no scheduled employees, just me and a warehouse full of banquet tables, chairs, linens and the like.

After my pool experience with Karen, I knew she was a super horny MILF, but she also liked to play games. Well, I had a couple games up my sleeve today and was really hoping she didn't cancel. 

Luckily about a half hour after her anticipated arrival time, I saw her car pulling up to the warehouse.

Karen stepped out of her car looking sexy as hell. I scanned her body from her high heels up her tan legs to her short skirt and sexy top. Her cleavage was displayed nicely, but not in a slutty way, just classy hot. 

She walked up the ramp to the garage door where I was standing and we exchanged pleasant greetings. She removed her sunglasses and giving me that "come hither" glance brushed by me and entered the warehouse. I noticed a familiar scent as she passed. It wasn't her perfume; it was something I didn't register at first. Then it hit me, she smelled like sex.

I was happy to walk behind her so I could ogle her stunning ass. Seriously her ass was like a black woman's, and it caused a stirring in my loin just looking at it. 

In either direction of the warehouse there are rows and rows of industrial shelving showing every type of chafing dish, coffee urn, table cloth, and assorted other pieces for rental. I walked up beside her and suggested that we start in the show room. 

We walked through the double doors into the well lit space which featured various table settings. On one of the tables was three glasses of champagne Framboise, the fresh red raspberries in the drink matched almost perfectly to her nail color. 

We approached the table and I handed her a glass. Then I picked up another and right on cue Tony walked into the showroom from the office. I handed him the glass and picked up the final drink. Tony is a friend of mine who I met through my swinging activities and he has always pleased the ladies. He is handsome and fit. A really good looking Italian guy with an admirable package to boot. 

"A toast, to well planned events." 

I clinked my glass with Karen then Tony and Karen followed suit clinking her glass with Tony as well. I winked at Karen as I took my first sip of the delicious champagne cocktail.

"Where are my manners?" I questioned rhetorically.

"Karen, this is Tony, Tony meet Karen." 

They nodded to each other; there was clearly an expression of questions in Karen's look and an expression of confidence on Tony's face.

"Karen, Tony helps with some of the heavy lifting around here. He's quite powerful. I think you will enjoy having him around as we tour the facility." 

Things progressed on a very professional level as Karen walked around the site picking out various items that caught her eye.

Then we returned to the outer warehouse so Karen could look at some of the bigger items that were up on the racks. She carefully climbed up the ladders to look at the items perched on the second and third level shelves. I made sure that Tony was right behind her on the ladder for safety. This was an excellent call because as Karen began to make her way down from a particularly tall ladder, her heel slipped and she began to fall. 

Her back landed squarely against Tony's muscular chest and his powerful arms held the ladder firmly as she tensed then relaxed, realizing that Tony had her secured. 

Karen went to regain her footing by bending forward which caused her amazing ass to press back against Tony and for the first time she felt his enormous manhood swelling against her rear. She wiggled her ass ever so slightly, relishing the feel of his meat, before pulling herself back up. 

"I think we could all use another drink." 

I said as I ushered them back to the showroom, which was now darker as I had closed the blinds and dimmed the lights while Karen had been looking around the warehouse. Tony sat down at the table where the refilled drinks were placed, and Karen sat down one seat away. She slowly crossed her legs, giving Tony ample view of her firm thighs. 

We wrote up the order for the items Karen had liked. Then I motioned to Tony.

"Tony, I believe that it's time we showed Karen the piece de resistance." 

Tony and I both stood. I pressed a button on the remote that had been sitting discreetly on the table and music began to play as the light system strobbed to the beat of the music.

I took Karen's hand in mine and led her to an open area of the showroom floor where we began to dance. Tony came up behind Karen and began dancing with us. 

Tony placed his large hands on Karen's hips as she continued to sway to the music. She pressed back hoping to feel his surging manhood once again and she was not disappointed. She ground her ass into Tony as I slid my hands up her sides and began cupping her magnificent breasts.

Tony reached the zipper on Karen's skirt and began slowly sliding it down, he then dropped her skirt to the floor, which Karen then deftly stepped out of and kicked to the side. The round orbs of her sexy ass were now pressed naked against the thin fabric of Tony's slacks and the heat of her skin went through them making him even harder. 

I pulled her top up and off, tossing it to the side and marveling at the sexy demi-bra she wore that allowed her pert nipples to rest just above the top of the bra cups. Having lost any reserve I may have had to begin with, I lowered my mouth to one of her nipples and began to flick it with the tip of my tongue before sucking it in completely. 

I heard the distinct sound of metal hitting the floor and looked down to see Tony's slacks and belt now in a heap at his ankles. He kicked them away and that is when I noticed he had not been wearing any briefs. His thick olive skinned cock was now pressed directly against the mounds of Karen's ass. 

Karen reached up and unhooked the front clasp of her bra and her full breasts fell forward. Tony had removed his shirt and was now completely naked, pressing flesh to flesh with Karen. Feeling decidedly overdressed, I pulled off my shirt and drop my slacks as well. Then stepping forward, I reached down and pulled Karen's nearly invisible thong down her thighs and off.

I stood back up and pressed my body against Karen. The swelling thickness of my cock pressed right up against her moist slit. I took her face in my hands and began a slow sexy soul kiss with her, our tongues playing together teasing and biting. 

Tony had other ideas and wiping a glob of spit from his hand onto the thick throbbing knob of his hot Italian cock, pressed his dick between Karen's ass cheeks and finding her slit, pushed his urgent desire deep inside her soaking wet box. 

Karen moaned into my mouth as Tony entered her and began a slow rhythmic fucking to the beat of the music. Karen's kissing became more urgent as his hot cock plowed through her slippery folds. My cock throbbed as well and the heat of Karen's clit against my shaft was causing my pre-cum to dribble onto the hard tile floor. 

Before I got too excited, I moved around to the side so I could get a better view of Tony fucking Karen. Then touching his hip, Tony pulled out of Karen with a sloppy pop and swung his delicious cock around to my waiting mouth. I licked his shaft, savoring Karen's juices. Then I engulfed the thick head of his dick in my mouth. My tongue swirled around the head as he pressed the shaft deeper into my throat. 

Not to be left out, Karen dropped down to the tile floor and sliding under me, took my balls in her mouth and sucked them well, before releasing them and taking my shaft deep in her maw. The vulgar sounds of me and Karen both slurping on hot cocks only raised the energy level in the room. 

After thoroughly cleaning Tony's monster of all remnants of Karen's pussy drippings, He moved around and with her still on her back under me, lay down and pushed his dick back into her waiting wet cunt. As he began thrusting anew, she increased her speed on my cock bringing me very close to busting my nut.

I pulled away at the last minute wanting to save my seed for another of her wanton holes. Nodding to Tony, I lay down on the tile and my cock slick with her spit and pointed to the ceiling was ready. Tony helped Karen into place as she slowly pressed her tight rosebud against the head of my cock and slid down my shaft until my dick was firmly wedged in the tight canal of her ass. Then Tony climbed on top and pressed his dick right up her pussy. Filled in both holes, Karen began to writhe in heat as she rode both our cocks. Mini orgasms began to rock her body. 

As we continued to fuck Karen loudly and with the music still playing, we failed to notice the sound of the warehouse door creaking open ever so slightly as a small dark figure entered the showroom. The figure moved to the side and slowly crept closer in awe of the beauty of the hot threesome that was playing out on the showroom floor. 

The figure silently moved to a chair and sat down. Arousal began to takes its toll on the figure and soon the three people on the showroom floor were not the only ones experiencing some sexual release. 

It wasn't until the small figure let out a sharp gasp as orgasm approached, that Karen looked up, my cock still deep in her throat and realizing who she was seeing in the dark corner of the room pulled out my dick and gasped 

"Amy?" 

Amy returned the gasp of surprise and said 

"Mom?"