 The taste on my tongue was unmistakable, yet slightly different than what I was used to. 

I raised my eyebrows and looked at Jane with a quizzical look on my face.

"Yes, that is what you think it is," was her response. The night had just taken an interesting turn.

My wife, Jane and I, are a thirty something couple with a couple of kids. It was Friday night, after a very long week. My job was stressful lately, and Jane's, being at home with two small children, was ALWAYS stressful. So, when my parents offered to take the kids for the night, we jumped at the chance. Rarely do we have time alone, at home or away from home. 

Once the children were picked up, we decided to hit our Country Club for dinner. We paid a monthly fee, mainly for me to play golf, but it included a food minimum, which we rarely used. The food there is great, so we thought we would head over, have dinner and drinks, and see where the night took us. I certainly didn't expect what was to come.

Jane is a petite, girl next door type that everyone falls in love with. She is 5'3" and weighs a whopping 115 dripping wet. Despite her diminutive size, she was blessed in the breast department, a C cup. Because of her size, she is not much of a drinker. Two glasses of wine and her inhibitions start to fade, which has always been a bonus to our marriage.

As we sat and ate, the wine and beer flowed. Jane starts to get very flirty when tipsy, and tonight was no exception. The beauty is that she will not just flirt with me, but anyone that she finds pleasing. As we get older, more and more she finds attractive women pleasing. Our waitress was no exception.

Emily is a mid-20s cutie. She has waited on us many times in the past, alone and with our kids. She is very pleasing to the eye...slightly taller than Jane with a smile to die for. Jane and Emily had always shared banter, but never one that could be construed as flirty, but tonight was different.

"Where are the boys?" Emily asked as she filled Jane's glass again.

"At the in-laws," responded Jane.

"An adult night, then" said Emily.

"Hopefully VERY adult later," said Jane with a devilish grin.

Emily returned the grin and looked at me, "Sounds like you are in for a fun night, Jeff."

"Sounds like it," I said...slightly embarrassed.

Shortly after, Jane excused herself to the bathroom and left me with my empty plate and glass of beer.

Emily returned with the check.

"So, do you guys want to follow me or meet me?" she said.

"Follow you where?" I inquired.

"To Z's, didn't Jane talk to you?" She said.

"Um, no," I said, as Jane returned to the table.

"Emily gets off in 15 minutes. I asked her what was fun to do in town, and she suggested Z's Bar. She is meeting some friends there. Wanna go?"

Now, Z's Bar is not my kind of place. It is a dance club, which plays house music, lots of sweat and dancing. Not my idea of a hot night with my wife. But I could tell by her face that she was looking forward to dancing. 

"Do they have good beer on tap?" I asked.

Jane smiled since she knew that I would go.

As we entered Z's, I started to feel a little old. The crowd was young, 20 to 25...mostly girls. The entire room pulsed with the beat of the bass in the music. I meandered to the nearest corner I could find and found a high top table with four chairs...

This is where I would spend the evening it appeared; since there was NO WAY I was dancing to this. Jane and Emily joined me and we all got drinks. Fortunately, they did have good beer on tap. The girls got some boat drinks of some sort and both headed to the dance floor. It never ceased to amaze me how comfortable Jane could be with anyone, anywhere, no matter how much or little she knew them. Emily and Jane were like old friends rather than mild acquaintances going out together for the first time.

They danced and danced, and smiled and laughed...as I drank more and more beer.

The boat drinks were having an effect on Jane as well, as she was flushed and very happy. After several songs she came over and sat down beside me.

Very point blank she said, "I am horny..."

I smiled, and asked her what she wanted me to do about it here.

"I guess nothing", she said...and kissed me and headed back to Emily and the group she was dancing with.

Although I was a little bored, it was nice to sit, drink and watch the little pixies dance. There were a lot of beautiful girls here...all sweaty and happy. Of course, my eyes were mostly on Jane...and Emily, since they seemed inseparable. As they drank, they tended to get closer and closer. Their hands were on each other's waists...and they would lean in very closely to each other to talk. It was starting to turn me on a little watching my wife with this girl. They looked over at me and smiled...both at the same time, innocent and sexy at the same time. I needed another beer.

After another song or two, they both came over and sat down...to get another drink and to rest for a minute. Jane kissed me full on the lips and let her tongue dance in my mouth as she slinked into her seat. I couldn't help but notice Emily watching very closely. We talked for a few minutes, or yelled as it usually is in a club. I told Jane how sexy she looked dancing.

"I look sexy dancing, or I look sexy dancing with Emily?" she asked...

"Well, both," I replied.

I wasn't sure if Emily could hear us or not.

"She is pretty isn't she?" asked Jane.

"Yes...of course she is," I responded.

"I am still horny," she said.

She grabbed Emily by the hand and pulled her back to the dance floor.

Their dancing became much different now however. It was almost as though Jane wanted to make sure that I approved of Emily for some reason...but now they danced closer and touched more and the entire room disappeared for them. They were talking and laughing, and occasionally looking over at me...and then they would giggle again.

As I was watching them, they both turned to me, and started walking my way, holding hands...the both walked to the left side of the table, Emily closest to me.

"Emily is horny too," Emily said...and they both smiled, "And I am dripping wet."

I nearly spit out my drink.

Jane had always teased me about bringing a girl home, but it was only teasing. Did this go where I thought it was going?

"We will be right back." She said...and off they went.

To the bathroom I think. I was lost in thought. Where was this going? Was Jane serious? Was I dreaming?

The girls returned.

"Let's go" said Jane...and she put her finger in my mouth.

I was a little miffed at first, until I tasted.

"Yes, that is what you think it is."

"You taste different tonight...must be all the sweat and alcohol." I said.

"Who said it was me?" she said and smiled the same devilish grin from earlier.

I looked at Emily who only smiled.

The realization of the fact that I just tasted Emily's pussy on my wife's finger was almost too much to bear. My heart was beating rapidly...the room was swimming...I couldn't get out of here fast enough.

We walked to the car. I must have looked like the king, one girl under each arm.

We stopped at the crosswalk and waited for the lot. It was near 1am and no one was around. Jane began to nuzzle my neck and nibble my ear. I HAD TO GET HOME.

To my surprise, when we got to the car, the girls BOTH climbed in the back.

"I can't wait," said Jane.

This was truly cruel. Z's was about 15 minutes from home, and I had to watch and listen to them in the back. I could hear them kissing and touching and moaning...it was dark, so I wasn't entirely sure what they were doing, until Jane again reached up and put her finger in my mouth. Again, I tasted Emily on my wife's finger. Again, my heart skipped a beat and I stiffened. I couldn't believe what was happening.

As I pulled up to our house, Jane was out of the door before the car came to a complete stop. She ran to the garage door, punched in the code and ran in. Emily was close behind. I parked the car and followed.

As I entered the house, I heard music from downstairs in the den and saw two pairs of sandals right inside the door. I went down the stairs only to see the best site I had ever seen.

Let me set the scene...the lights were on, but had been dimmed. My wife had put on the stereo, with the CD player on shuffle play. It was currently playing Marvin Gaye. Jane was sitting on the couch and Emily was on her knees on the floor in front of Jane. Emily's shirt was already off and she was in jeans and a bra. They were face to face, kissing like they would never be allowed to kiss again.

I had to stop and watch. I am not sure how long I stood there, watching them kiss. But it was the most sensual thing I have ever seen. Emily helped Jane with her top, and then the bras came off. So there they were, both topless, wearing only their jeans, tongues entwined.

Apparently, they felt me watching, as they stopped and both looked over at me. 

"What are you doing way over there?" Jane said.

I took that as my cue to join them. 

They both extended and arm to me as I walked over. I sat on the couch, and Jane slid over onto my lap...she was sitting on my right leg. She grabbed Emily's hand, stood her up, and pulled her over to sit on my left leg. Then they started to kiss again. However, instead of watching from across the room, I was inches away. The music had changed to Al Green as I marveled at my situation. Jane pulled away from Emily and leaned over to kiss me...then back to Emily. She then grabbed Emily by the back of the head, and pushed her to kiss me. Our lips met for the first time. Just like all first kisses, there were sparks. This was the first woman I had kissed other than my wife in nearly 15 years...and it was with my wife pushing her head to me. I think that this was this signal to all that anything goes.

While Emily and I were exploring each other's tongues, Jane slid down and began to kiss Emily's neck and down her chest. I heard Emily gasp when she found her nipple.

Her kissing became more insistent. She was very clearly lost in the moment. I kissed her ear, and down her neck...I slowly leaned her back onto the couch. Jane and I then began to kiss her nipples. It was driving her crazy. She was holding our heads and pulling us to her. My tongue danced on her nipple as it became more and more erect...Jane, moved upward, and began to French kiss Emily again.

I continued to kiss and lick and suck on Emily's beautiful nipples. Her hand still in my hair...was making sure that I didn't stop. Soon, Jane's hand was in my hair as well, holding me there. Emily was on her back, on the sofa, Jane beside the sofa on her knees, kissing Emily's sumptuous lips...I was beside/on top of Emily, sucking a her nipples. Both women's hands were holding my head. I am not sure who started the slight pressure, but I have a feeling it was Jane, but slowly and gently, the hands started pushing me downward...toward Emily's stomach...pushing me down...until my mouth reached the top of her jeans. I danced my tongue in and out of her belly button...she giggled...and then let out a slow moan. Both of their hands continued the slow push downward.

I am no genius, but I can take a hint. I reached up, while still running my tongue over her belly, and unclasped her jeans. I unzipped them. As I started to pull them down, she lifted her hips up, so the jeans could slide off. As luck would have it, her panties slid off right along with her jeans....I sat up and peeled them off of her legs and past her bare feet. The girls were back to kissing, and I sat and drank in the sight. 

Emily completely naked lying on my couch with my wife, only wearing jeans, kissing her and fondling her breasts...

I took off my shirt and went back to where I was....licking around her belly button. Only this time, I moved slowly downward.

I felt Emily tremble when my mouth reached the little tuft of hair above her sex.

"Be prepared," said Jane, "this is kind of his specialty."

"MMMMMMM," was all that Emily managed.

I felt Emily arching her back, trying to bring herself to me, but the anticipation is part of the fun...so I pulled away. 

Emily moaned again. 

"Just do it already," Jane said as she stood up. I looked at her and smiled. She smiled back at me with that look in her eye.

Emily reached over to get the top of her jeans. Jane got the hint. Since Emily was sort of incapacitated, she pulled her jeans off, and her panties.

Now, Emily is naked on the couch, lying in front of me, waiting for my tongue. Jane is standing beside the couch, also naked. I have on only jeans.

I watch as Emily reaches up and touches Jane's pussy. She rubs her hand over it and as she pulls her hand back, I catch a fleeting glimpse of the wetness on her finger, before she takes it to her mouth and licks it clean. Then her hand goes right back.

I look down, really for the first time, at the beautiful pussy in front of me, pink lips, puffy and aroused. I couldn't take it any longer. I had to taste her, but straight from the source.

I leaned in and blew on her pussy, causing her to shudder once again, just before my tongue traced the outline of her sex. She was soaking wet, and tasted wonderful. Musky, yet sweet. A little sweeter than Jane, but amazing. I pointed my tongue and pushed it into her and heard her whimper. I fucked her in and out with my tongue for a minute and felt her breathing quicken. I pulled out and found her clit. I ran my over it, back and forth, quickly. Then I put my lips around it and sucked it in. Holding it there, I ran my tongue over it, again and again. She was beginning to thrash around a little. She grabbed my head as if to tell me not to move.

"He is sucking on your clit, isn't he?" asked Jane.

"YEEEEES." Was the response from Emily.

She held my head, and I continued to suck her clit while running my tongue over it.

"Make her come, baby." I heard Jane say, just as Emily let go of my head and came hard.

She flailed around, pushing into my face. I could feel her spasm on my mouth and the taste was heavenly. She came for a good 30 seconds, whimpering and flailing.

When she finally stopped, she was disoriented. But only for a second, as Jane found her mouth and began kissing her.

I had never taken my mouth from her pussy. I had stopped moving, only to let her come down. As Jane and Emily began to kiss, she slowly started moving her hips. I took this as my cue to start licking again. Slowly, I started. With long strokes of my tongue, I licked up and then down, and then back up.

While I was licking, I watched as Jane kissed down Emily's neck, to her breasts again...and then down her stomach.

If Jane was thinking what I was thinking, I was going to be very happy. Fortunately for me, she was...

As she kissed down her ribs to her belly, Emily realized what was happening. She reached over and grabbed Jane's waist and pulled her on top over her. This forced Jane's face farther down and nearer to me. We were face to face at Emily's pussy as Emily put her tongue in Jane's pussy for the first time. As I licked Emily's pussy, I looked into my wife's eyes as they closed in pleasure. After a minute or two, Jane's eyes opened and she slowly snaked her tongue out. I pulled my head back to see my wife lick another woman's pussy for the first time. Tentative at first, she touched her tongue to Emily's clit...but the furious licking that she was getting ended all pretense of patience. Jane hadn't come yet, and was not going to last much longer.

I stood and took off my pants as the girls enjoyed the 69. I could hardly get my jeans off because my cock was so hard.

I walked beside the couch to look at what was in front of me. Emily on her back and Jane on top, in a classic 69 position, both licking like there was no tomorrow. I put my hand on Jane's back and caressed her, running my hand down to her but and slowly traced her cheek...

She was very near coming and was getting more vocal. She was muffled because despite being vocal, she was enjoying eating Emily's pussy too much to stop.

Emily was nearing another orgasm as well as Jane had clearly gotten the hang of eating pussy.

I stood and ran my hands over their bodies as the licked each other to orgasm.

It was a sight to behold.

Once they came down from their orgasms, the sat up on the couch.

"Someone needs some attention." Jane said.

"Absolutely," said Emily.

I stood there as Jane grabbed my rigid cock and took it full into her mouth. She bobbed up and down on it several times, letting her tongue tease me.

She then pulled off, and offered my cock to Emily. Emily, having already come twice, was not shy. She took me into her mouth and ran her tongue around the head in a circle.

The night was too much for me already.

"I am going to come," I said.

Jane said, "Emily, he loves it if you swallow."

"MMMM." Was again all that Emily got out as she took my cock to the back of her throat over and over.

As I began to spurt my come into her mouth, she held it in her mouth. However, she wasn't expecting the torrent of come that flowed from my dick. Some began to trickle out of her mouth as she kept bobbing up and down.

She then pulled away from me and did another of the most sensual things I have ever seen.

She grabbed Jane by the head and French kissed her, my come swirling between there tongues. The kissed and fought over the come for quite a while before they finally broke the kiss.

As they sat back on the couch Emily said, "I am still horny and I need to be fucked."

"Don't worry, Emily, I am sure we can get Jeff up again. He is good for at least two more tonight...maybe more with your help."

The night had just begun, and it was going to be a long one.

To Be Continued...