 PRELUDE

Natalie Wilson was on her way home from the country club leaving her husband there to drink and play cards with his cronies. It had been a typical Saturday. Her husband Ron played golf with his regulars and then she joined him for dinner along with other wives who followed the same routine. Some couples stayed and listened to music and danced but not her and Ron. He always had to play cards with the guys. While some wives were leaving and others remained to party, Natalie decided to walk home. 

The Wilsons had a stately home along the 18th fairway so it was a little over a quarter of a mile walk from the clubhouse to the backyard. She had done this many times and as long as the weather was pleasant, she actually enjoyed it. However this was the first time she made the walk without her panties. One of the assistant golf pros had kept them after fucking her in the library. She had actually been with two of the assistants, a routine that had begun a few months ago.

Both young men had impressive cocks and she liked having them in her pussy and mouth. She still pictured herself with her skirt thrown up over her back standing in high heels and thigh high hose as she was fucked doggy style while sucking on another cock. They switched places after they had both cum and the second time she was on her back on a table. At least she got to orgasm while being fucked missionary style with her head turned to the side sucking cock.

She didn't know that they had made off with her panties since they had left the library while she was recuperating. When she got up and looked around she realized they were missing. So she smoothed her dress out and left the room pantiless. It was always desolate on the second floor of the club particularly in the library on a Saturday night.

Natalie was an attractive young lady of 28 years. She was married to Ron Wilson who was 55 and had been married several times before. It was easy to keep him happy as he only needed a blow job or for her to ride his cock when he was sober. He owned his business and was very well off. He liked having Natalie as his trophy wife and showing her off. At 5'7" and 130 pounds she was very fit and kept her 34-26-34 figure well-toned. She had long blond hair that she tied in a braid when she was playing tennis. The one pro teased her by calling her Natalie Gulbis. 

She was an excellent tennis player and always made the finals in the club championship. Some years she won and others she finished second. Golf was not her thing even though she was a decent golfer. She would play with her husband in couple's events but that was it.

Now as she made her way over the house she had to cut across the fairway about half way between the tee and green of the par 5 18th hole. There were a number of fairway sand traps to look out for as they were difficult to see in the dark. She took off her heels and strolled across the grass from the rough to the fairway. As she was walking her thoughts went back to the earlier session with the two pros. She liked fucking them and they liked fucking her. The three of them were sworn to secrecy.

With her mind somewhere else she wasn't paying attention to where she was walking except for avoiding the bunkers. Suddenly she hit something hard and tripped over it. She tumbled face down on the grass and as she did her skirt flew up and barred her lovely shapely ass. Stunned she remained still for nearly a minute with her curvy ass on display. Then she heard a male voice.

"Well, if it isn't the lovely Mrs. Wilson and will you look at that, no panties."

Natalie tried to move but the man was too quick for her. She reached to pull her dress down but he held it up. He sat on her lower back facing her feet and began fondling her buttocks. 

"You must have had fun while old Ronnie boy was playing cards. I wonder which young stud made off with your panties, no matter though it saves me the trouble of taking them off."

"Get off me she managed to blurt out," Squirming beneath the powerful man. 

She still had not seen his face and she did not recognize the voice. Her only thoughts were was he going to force himself on her and how she could resist. She felt him move around on top of her and now he was facing her head. However he pushed her face down so she could not get a look at him. Next she felt his naked stiff cock brush against her thighs.

Fighting to turnover was fruitless and when he pushed hard on her back the wind was knocked out of her. Struggling to regain her breath she felt her hips lifted and then a massive cock enter her pussy from behind. If she had any wind left it would have been taken away when he entered her. He began moving within her and it started to feel good. She was angry with herself as she liked the penetration of the biggest cock she had ever had. Natalie was heating up and when she regained her breath she didn't try to escape. Instead she was fucking back at her unknown assailant and loving it.

She knew she was going to cum again although she prayed that she wouldn't. She did not want to give this unknown man the satisfaction that he got to her. It was hopeless though as the big dick touched new areas in her womb and she had a massive orgasm. Just as she climaxed he shot a huge load in her pussy and she was overcome with the force and volume of his ejaculation.

Natalie flopped forward on the grass and the large cock left her body. After several seconds she turned to see her assailant but he was gone. Just like that he had fucked her and disappeared quickly. She composed herself, stood up and smoothed her dress the best she could. Picking up her shoes she resumed the walk home. Her pussy felt stretched and she could feel the semen running down her inner thighs. When she finally reached her backyard she stripped off her clothes and entered the Jacuzzi.

Natalie often used the hot tub naked but that night she needed it. Her body ached and her pussy needed to be douched. She located the perfect jet in the Jacuzzi and used it to cleanse her pussy that had been filled with semen from three different men that night. Feeling the jet stream around her clit turned her on again. "God, I am insatiable," she thought to herself.

She moved to the lounge section of the Jacuzzi and stretched out letting the variety of jets soothe her achy body. After three minutes or so she got out, dried off and carried her clothing into the house. She looked it over and it was a mess. The only thing salvageable was her shoes and bra. She put her dress and hose in the trash and went up to her bedroom. Natalie didn't worry about the expensive evening dress as she had plenty and Ron would always buy her another one. She was asleep before her tipsy husband got home from the club. 

THE DAY AFTER

On Sunday morning Natalie woke up alone in bed and she knew that Ron was sleeping off his hangover in the guest room. Her body still ached from the rough sex last night. Still she felt fulfilled after being fucked by three guys. She made a pot of coffee and took it in a thermal pot to the Jacuzzi. She soaked in the warm bubbly water and the stiffness left her body. Later that day she was playing tennis at the club and she wanted to be loose.

Natalie sipped the French roast coffee and reflected on the previous evening. The assistant pros had been their normal good fucks and had pleasured her. She was still confused about who could have fucked her on the golf course. He obviously knew her but she never got a look at his face and she didn't recognize the voice. She would pay attention to the male voices around the club to see if she could pick up on one. He was well endowed and she wouldn't mind meeting him again under different circumstances.

Natalie had coffee and breakfast before leaving for the club. Her doubles tennis match was at 11:00 AM and afterward the four women would have lunch together. Ron was still sleeping off his hangover when she left. Natalie and three other so called golfing widow wives always played doubles together and then they would catch up on all the gossip over lunch. It was 12:30 PM when they ladies were wrapping up their match and a men's singles match has just started.

The one player called out the score 30 - love and Natalie froze. That was the voice she was sure of it. She looked over and saw the handsome Kurt Downing serving. He had a reputation of scoring with many women at the club both single and married. Kurt was 6'3" and a chiseled 195 pounds. Now Natalie knew that he was also well endowed.

The women were picking up their gear when Norma asked Natalie if she was okay. "Natalie, are you alright? You look like you saw a ghost."

"Oh, yeah, I'm fine. I was just thinking about something."

They walked off the court and as they did Kurt looked at them and smiled. Natalie was sure that it was meant for her but what she didn't know was that Kurt had fucked two of her playing partners Betty and Judy. The four ladies made their way over to the restaurant and sat outside for lunch.

"God, did you see the way Kurt was staring at us. It was as if he was stripping us with his eyes," Natalie whispered.

Judy smiled and replied, "Natalie dear, you haven't been fucked until you have had our resident stud. He will blow your mind."

Both Betty and the other wife Norma nodded their agreement. There was no way Natalie was going to tell them about the night before. Still she was surprised that her playing partners were so open about cavorting with Kurt. The guy was a stud that was for sure but Natalie made up her mind to confront him later after lunch. 

Kurt and another tennis player stopped at the lounge after tennis for a drink. Natalie waited for an opportunity to confront him and she finally did with the other guy left the lounge. Kurt was finishing his drink when Natalie approached him. He looked up at her and smiled.

"Hello Natalie, please sit down. Can I offer you a drink?"

"Cut the shit. Don't you have something to say for yourself?"

"Whatever do you mean?"

"Don't play games with me Kurt. You know what I am talking about." 

"Enlighten me."

"I know it was you last night on the golf course."

"Oh that, yes you're welcome. I'm glad you enjoyed yourself."

"Hardly!"

"Oh I disagree. Your pussy was sopping wet. I know you had a good cum."

"You attacked me."

"Not the way I recall it. I was just resting in the grass after giving Judy a good fuck when you came up and kicked me. Then you threw yourself down on the ground and flipped up your skirt to show me that you weren't wearing panties. It was obvious what you wanted so I gave it to you."

"You're despicable!"

"Oh come on, you know you like it. Your pussy was sopping wet and what were you doing without panties anyway. You know we should do it again on the course. Do bad you weren't a few minutes earlier or we could have made it a threesome with Judy."

"You're disgusting!"

"You know Natalie, you have a beautiful ass. Maybe the next time I'll fuck your ass. I bet you would like that."

Realizing that she was not going to accomplish anything talking with Kurt as he would twist everything around, she stood up and walked away. She was fuming inside because she was mad that she couldn't handle him. She was also mad because he was right. She had enjoyed it and inside she wanted to see him again.

Natalie went to the ladies locker room to freshen up before heading home. She was suddenly a bit horny from the lewd conversation with Kurt. She was tempted to go back to Kurt and tell him she was ready to fuck again but thought better of it. As she left the locker room she ran into one of the assistant golf pros Brian. He had just finished a golf lesson and was on his way back to the pro shop.

"Brian, do you have some time?"

"I always have time for you Natalie, what's up?"

"Can you meet me in the library?"

"Of course, let me put my clubs away and I'll be right there."

Natalie made her way up to the second floor of the club and as always the library was vacant. "God, I can't get enough," she thought to herself as she waited for Brian to arrive. It seemed like an eternity but he finally arrived. 

Natalie stretched out on a sofa and Brian removed her panties. He dropped his shorts and he was in an unmistakable state of desire. She was so ready that she came in minutes after he entered her. He continued to fuck her through her orgasm and then he turned her around so she was kneeling on the sofa. He flipped up her tennis skirt and entered her from behind. Brian loved to fuck Natalie doggy style and look at her super fine ass. He caressed her shapely buttocks and fondled the firm flesh. He would have loved to fuck her ass but he knew she was not into anal. Some of the other ladies were but not Natalie.

It didn't take him long to cum and he fired a huge load into her womb. He moved his cock in and out pushing the semen around inside her. His cock softened and he eased it out of her. Brian took a sport towel from her tennis bag and wiped off his dick before handing the towel to her. Natalie wiped her pussy the best she could and located her panties. She would let the Jacuzzi at home clean her out later.

"Our turn," a female voice called out. 

Natalie snapped her head around and saw Betty standing there with Kurt. "Oh my God, I've been found out."

"You can stay and join us if you want," Kurt said smugly.

Natalie gathered up her tennis bag and left the room quickly not making eye contact with anyone. The last thing she heard was Betty ask Brian to stay and make it a threesome, then the library door was closed and locked. She wondered why Brian had not locked it when they were inside. Was that on purpose? She hurried home in a confused state as she did not know where things would go from that day on. Her secret with Brian was out and he would probably tell Kurt and Betty about the other assistant pro Ken and how they both fucked her in the library.

THINGS HEAT UP FOR NATALIE

The following weekend after tennis Judy and Natalie stopped for drinks at the club. They were joined by Kurt, who at first made her nervous but she eventually relaxed. They were at the club lounge longer than expected. Natalie had more wine then normal and she was a little tipsy but she was also feeling very romantic. Wine did that to her. At Judy's insistence, Natalie reluctantly agreed to go along when Kurt invited them back to his place for a nightcap. 

"Oh come along Natalie, our husbands are still drinking and playing cards."

They were still in their tennis attire and Judy looked like a nymphet. She wore her short brown hair in a pixie style and for 36 years old she looked more like 21. At 5'4" and 100 pounds she was a tireless bundle of energy. She was nearly flat chested with shapely toned legs and a darling curvy bottom. Reportedly she was a dynamo in the sack.

They were at Kurt's place for about a half hour when Brian and Ken showed and joined them. Minutes later, Natalie found herself on the sofa with Kurt and she had no idea where Judy, Brian and Ken were. Kurt took Natalie in his arms and kissed her. Natalie knew she shouldn't be alone with Kurt but the kiss felt good and she was horny again. 

Kurt and Natalie continued to kiss and he pushed his tongue into her mouth. She responded and let her tongue slip into his mouth. She felt his hands on her body and one hand fondled her breasts through her top and sport bra. His hands felt good so she let him feel her breasts. It wasn't as if he hadn't fucked her before even if it was without her consent. She didn't stop him when he pulled her tennis top up and caressed her bare firm belly. She also didn't stop him when his hand covered her bra covered breast.

With precision he lifted her top and bra up and off her lovely body. She felt the material leave her breasts and she gasped into his mouth. Her mind told her she should stop him but her body told her to let him continue. It felt good to be in the arms of a man again, it had been a week since she was with Brian. So Natalie didn't stop Kurt when he kissed and sucked on her tits and nipples. She also didn't stop him when he unfastened her tennis shorts and slid them down her shapely legs and she didn't stop him when he hooked his fingers in her panties and removed them. In fact she lifted her hips making it easier for him to slip the panties down her hips.

Natalie was now naked on the sofa and she was breathing hard. Kurt maneuvered between her legs and placed her legs on his shoulders. He dipped his head between her legs and kissed her inner thighs. She was panting with desire as she anticipated his mouth on her pussy. He did not disappoint her as he ran his tongue over her vulva and gently prodded the outer lips of her pussy. He teased her a little more before she grabbed his head and pulled it into her pussy. He slipped his tongue in her and licked around inside searching for her clit. Natalie jumped as if she had been struck with an electric shock when Kurt's mouth covered her clit and gently nibbled it.

She orgasmed quickly and she held his face to her pussy and humped it at him. He grabbed her shapely ass and held her as she climaxed. She gasped aloud as she came and groaned as he licked her pussy. He kissed her inner thighs as she recovered from her first orgasm of the evening. He stood up and stood between her splayed legs. His 6'3" frame towered over her. He took off all his clothes and she watched as his huge erect cock came into view. She hadn't seen it when he fucked her before. She had just felt it fill her pussy.

With a smirk on his face Kurt positioned his cock at the entrance of Natalie's pussy and pushed it in. His cock slid in easily and he knew immediately that she was ready to be fucked. This time it was consensual. He fucked her fast and hard causing her to cum again before he did. Next he positioned her on all fours so that he could fuck her doggy style. He put his cock back into her pussy and began the steady motion of fucking her from behind. She was resting her head on the arm of the sofa when she sensed the presence of someone else. Brian had entered the room and he was standing totally naked waving his erect cock in front of Natalie. She had forgotten about Brian, Ken and Judy being there. Brian moved closer and Natalie bent forward a little so that she could take his vibrant erect cock into her mouth. As if in a trance she accepted the cock in her mouth and proceeded to suck on it. She was now bent over sucking Brian's prick as she held it in position with her hand while Kurt fucked her from behind.

Kurt whispered, "You have a beautiful ass and pussy Natalie, so fuckable."

Natalie held Brian's cock perfectly in her mouth as she sucked, nibbled and bobbed up and down on it. She gasped as Kurt's thrust pushed her forward causing the cock to hit the back of her throat. She almost gagged but she recovered quickly and returned to licking and sucking every inch of the beautiful cock in her mouth. It was another threesome and Natalie thought how she must look at the moment being fucked doggy style while gobbling a cock down her throat.

Ken entered the room and stood nearby watching the scene stroking his manhood, not wanting to miss a second of the wonderful display of Natalie giving up her shapely body. He could see Kurt's cock entering her with long, regular, penetrating strokes with his hips slapped against Natalie's curvy buttocks. He held her firmly by her hips and Brian held onto her head. Ken watched the thick cock as it slipped down into her throat before easing out to momentarily rest between her lips and then slide back in again. 

Neither of them was rushing the experience as they wanted to enjoy Natalie's body. They wanted to savor her submissiveness and the eagerness with which she had given herself over to their sexual advances. She was helpless in their dual grasp and beautifully exposed. At first she had been reluctant but now she wanted it to go on and on, thrilling her and fucking her deeply. She didn't think about it any longer, she just listened to her body and went with the flow. As she sucked, nibbled and pushed back onto the impressive cocks in her the feeling was incredible.
