 ANOTHER BIG STEP FOR NATALIE

It didn't take long for Natalie to get over her first triple penetration and her first female sex. Her butt was tender for a few days and she felt constipated but that had passed. She knew that given the opportunity again she would go for another foursome. Still she was grateful that Kurt had not tried to his monster in her ass. The following Saturday started out routine but progressed very differently than expected.

The four women finished their doubles match and Judy invited everyone to her house for lunch and cocktails. They would hang out at her pool instead of the club pool. Later they would go home change clothes and meet their golfing husbands at the club for dinner. 

They all drove their own car to Judy's home. The four women then entered the house and Judy got lunch and drinks for everyone. The four of them chatted for a few minutes and then Judy suggested that they hit the Jacuzzi. Judy's backyard like so many along the golf course was totally private with a swimming pool and a Jacuzzi tucked into a quaint lanai. The four women shed their tennis attire and entered the Jacuzzi. Betty and Norma seemed surprised about how comfortable Natalie was with the nudity.

They didn't last too long in the hot tub as they were all horny and anxious to get on with their sexual exploits particularly with some fresh blood to join in. Judy had told Norma and Betty about the orgy and how Natalie had come around to female sex. The four women returned to the house and entered Judy's bedroom where Judy broke out a bag of sex toys. Natalie was so horny and somewhat tipsy from the wine that she didn't give the group sex a second thought.

Judy got on her back on the bed and beckoned Natalie to her. Natalie knelt on the bed and lowered her mouth to Judy's tasty pussy. Norma slide under her and fastened her mouth on Natalie's pussy. Next Betty knelt behind Natalie and played with her curvy buttocks. Betty then pushed the curvy butt cheeks apart and stared at the tight pink aperture. Natalie gasped as Betty probed the anus with her tongue and then stuck the tip in the tight little ring. Natalie tried to focus on Judy's pussy but the girls had her in an erotic state. Natalie located Judy's clit and drew it into her mouth. Judy cried out as Natalie took the hard pearl in her teeth and gently rolled it around. 

Judy bucked her hips as she cried out with the intensity of her orgasm. Just as she came Natalie held Judy tightly to her mouth and tried to drink in all the woman's love juices. Natalie was struggling with her own climax as the girls worked over her pussy and her asshole. Betty had her tongue in Natalie's ass as deep as it would go and Norma chewed lightly on Natalie's clit. Natalie screamed and her body thrashed about as her climax rocked her beautiful body. She collapsed into Judy's arms and stayed still as the three women caressed her body.

Once Judy and Natalie recovered sufficiently from their orgasms, Judy had Betty and Norma lay next to each other on the bed. Natalie knelt between Betty's legs and lowered her mouth to the tasty pussy. Judy did the same with Norma and the two lovers knelt side by side as they ate the women's pussies. The pussy eating skills were just too much for the women and they were soon thrashing and groaning on the bed as the tongues worked over their energetic pussies. The women pushed their hips up trying to get the tongues even deeper into their cunts. Almost simultaneously Betty and Norma screamed with the intensity of their orgasms. Judy and Natalie continued to lick their creaming pussies and nibble on their aroused clits as they climaxed wildly. As the women calmed a little Judy and Natalie kissed and licked around their pussies and inner thighs. The women shivered with delight as the tongues tickled them.

Judy got off the bed and took two strap-on dildos out of the bag. She told Betty and Norma that she wanted them to fuck her and Natalie with the fake cocks. Betty and Norma then put on the strap-on dildo and harness. The two women smiled when they looked at each other as the fake cocks bobbed in front of them.

"What a big dick you have!" Norma said with a raucous laugh.

"Oh and yours is big too," laughed Betty as she reached over and stroked Norma's rubber cock.

Judy and Natalie lay on their backs side by side and Judy urged the women to fuck them. Betty moved between Natalie's legs and Norma got between Judy's legs. Judy and Natalie helped the women guide the fake cocks into their pussies and began moving their hips up to meet their experienced thrusts. Betty and Norma knew what they were doing and they soon had established a rhythm fucking the other women. Betty and Norma soon felt the nubs on the dildos rubbing against their own clits and they realized that they too would experience yet another orgasm. It was so exciting for the women to be fucking each other and then Betty and Norma leaned over to suck on the Natalie's and Judy's tits. Judy and Natalie in turn fondled their lover's tits and tweaked their nipples and rolled them in their fingertips.

The entire room smelled of sex from the four dripping pussies. The four of them were racing toward another string of orgasms as they fucked hard and fast. Betty and Norma were rewarded for their enthusiastic efforts as the dildo nubs rubbed their clits and kept them in a constant state of arousal. The two women worked their hips so that they could receive as much pleasure as they were giving. Judy and Natalie were beyond themselves with lust and they felt their intense orgasms building in their wombs. Judy and Natalie screamed with joy as their orgasms took over their bodies. They humped quickly and then collapsed back on the bed as Betty and Norma plowed the pussies with the fake cocks.

Betty and Norma removed the rubber dicks from the women's pussies and looked at the dildos glistening with Judy's and Natalie's juices. As if it were the natural thing in the world Betty and Norma moved into a 69 position and licked the female nectar off the two fake cocks. Natalie watched them do this and marveled at their initiative. The two women sucked the artificial cocks into their mouths and made a game out of how deep they could take them. After they licked the dildos dry of the cunt juice the two lovers sat up and blushed slightly as they realized what they had just done.

"Natalie, Judy told us that you were finally fucked in the ass. Let me show you what is next," Norma announced.

Judy and Natalie lay on their sides facing one another and worked a double dildo into their pussies as they had their assholes greased up by Betty and Norma who watched in awe as the entire shaft at each end of the double dildo disappeared into the women's pussies all the way to the fake testicles.

"Now we will fuck you in the ass with our cocks."

The women were so excited they couldn't believe their good fortune that Natalie actually wanted a big rubber cock in her ass. Tentatively the two women got behind Judy and Natalie and tenderly pushed the fake cocks into the women's assholes. They reached behind them and guided the dildos into their assholes and encouraged the girls to fuck them hard and quick. Betty moved closer to Judy as the cock slid into her ass and Judy reached behind her and pulled Betty by her buttocks tightly against her. Betty's pubes pressed into Judy's ass as the fake dick went all the way up her rectum. Betty could once again felt the nub on the dildo work its magic on her clit and she began to thrust her hips into her lover as she fucked her ass. Betty reached around and slid her hand between Natalie and Judy and cupped her tits.

Almost the same scene was repeated between Norma and Natalie and the two women were now fucking their lover's asses with the same enthusiasm as they had fucked their pussies earlier. The dildo nubs were doing their job as Betty and Norma rapidly fucked the two shapely asses of Judy and Natalie. Betty was the first to cum and she shuddered and held Judy tightly as she screamed out loud in ecstasy. Norma was right behind her and she buried her head in Natalie's shoulder to muffle her own screams as her body shook with the intensity of her orgasm. Judy and Natalie went right on fucking each other with the double dildo until they too had mind shattering orgasms. The two women held onto the cute shapely bottoms of their lovers as they thrashed their hips together, shuddered, stiffened and coated the double dildo with their female juices.

"Oh my God that was fantastic," cried Natalie.

"Oh you are so incredibly sexy," Judy gasped.

The four of them lay still in the bed for a while still coupled together with the fake cocks. Judy told Betty and Norma to move first and slowly pull out of her and Natalie's ass. Betty and Norma eased the strap-on cocks out of the girl's asses and looked at them in disbelief. It was still hard to imagine those big rubber cocks were stuffed up those lovely asses. Judy and Natalie then moved apart and removed the double dildo from their pussies. Judy gathered up the fake cocks and took them to be washed thoroughly. As Judy washed the dildo's Natalie lay on her back between the two other women. Norma and Betty played with her tits as Natalie diddled each woman's pussy. 

After several minutes the women returned to the hot tub and soaked their sexually sated bodies in the warm bubbly water. Natalie closed her eyes and relaxed in the Jacuzzi and her mind drifted to the events of the week. Natalie thought that the lesbian goddess Diana had to be at work that week. First it was the encounter with Judy and now a group session with her tennis partners. 

As planned they dried off, dressed and left for their homes. There they would shower, dress and meet their husbands for dinner at the club. Natalie undid her braid and washed her beautiful long blonde hair. She would leave it long and flowing for the evening. As she drove to the club she thought, "Oh if our husbands only new how their wives spent the afternoon."

ANOTHER ENCOUNTER WITH KURT

Natalie had a delicious dinner as the club had an excellent chef. Afterwards she sat around with the other wives and husbands drinking and talking. It was off to look at the other three women and recall their sex marathon of the afternoon. Natalie's husband as usual over indulged and was incapable of walking very far much less driving. Kurt was still at the club and he offered to take her husband home and help him into the house. Natalie was grateful but she was also a little apprehensive.

They got to the house and Natalie opened the door and Kurt all but carried her husband inside. She led the way to the guest bedroom where he always slept off his hangover. Kurt removed the shoes, jacket and tie. He also loosened his shirt so that he would breathe easier. They left him in the bedroom and Natalie closed the door.

"What have you got to drink?" 

Natalie felt obligated so she replied, "Pretty much anything you want. I'll show you to the bar."

They went to the lower level and Kurt found a good scotch which he had on the rocks. "Anything for you?"

"White wine, there is some open in the cooler."

Kurt located the wine and poured a glass for her and then they sat together on the sofa. Even though they had had sex in the past she was still nervous being around him. She sipped her wine as he sipped his scotch and there was a moment of silence between them. He set his drink down and took her wine glass from her and set down next to his. Her eyes looked weary as he closed the gap between them and took her in his arms.

He kissed her passionately and within she was kissing him back with the same fervor. Reaching behind her he unzipped the back of her cocktail dress and let it slip into her lap. Next he unhooked her bra and slid the straps down her arms letting it drop to the floor. Her hands instinctively covered her bare breasts but he pried them away. Pushing her shoulders back against the sofa caused her lovely breasts to stand out and he gently tweaked the nipples.

Leaning over he took each nipple is his mouth and sucked them into hardness. Natalie was panting now as her breasts were fondled and kissed. Her eyes were closed as she rested her head on the back of the sofa. She felt Kurt's hands on her thighs as they worked their way under her skirt and caressed the bare skin above the elastic tops of her hose. He pushed up the bottom of her dress and she raised her hips to make it easier.

With her dress gathered around her waist, he removed her panties and tossed them on the floor next to the bra. She looked beautiful and very sexy with her body naked above and below the dress gathered around her waist. Kurt quickly lowered his pants and underwear to his knees and his massive erect cock leaped out. Natalie took the sizeable shaft in her small hand and marveled at its size. Filled with desire she leaned over and took the head in her mouth and nibbled on the soft flesh.

Kurt guided her onto his cock and she straddled him facing the back of the sofa. She carefully lowered her body onto him and she felt the thick cock gradually fill her womb. She loved the sensation if being that full and she waited several seconds before she began to ride him. He reached up and held her tits in both hands as she picked up the pace in search on another orgasm. Her clit was engorged from the stimulation and she knew her orgasm would be quick and a big one.

Feeling the onslaught she buried her face in Kurt's shoulder to muffle her cries of ecstasy. Her hips flailed on his lap as she climaxed with an intense orgasm. She kept her face buried in his shoulder as she slowly recovered from her crescendo and she realized that he was still moving within her. Suddenly he thrust his hips upward and she felt the power of his discharge flood her pussy. The two of them remained couple with her impaled on his cock for several more minutes before separating. 

Kurt lifted her off his body and as he did she felt the void in her vagina. Cool air seemed to caress her aroused clit when the cock vacated her body. Natalie sat back on the sofa with her long soft blond hair draped over her shoulder. Kurt handed her the glass of wine and picked up his drink. They didn't cover up their nakedness as they sipped their drinks.

"Natalie, you are very beautiful and a wonderful lover." 

"You are quite a lover yourself, Kurt."

"I guess I should be going."

"Yes you should. Thank you for your help tonight."

Kurt stood up and pulled his underwear and trousers up. He tidied his clothes and took another sip of scotch. Natalie covered her body with her dress but left her bra and panties off. She saw Kurt to the door and kissed him goodnight. After he left she washed the two glasses and placed them back in the bar cabinet. Next she picked her bra and panties up off the floor and headed for the bedroom. As she walked past the guest bedroom she could hear her drunken husband snoring loudly. 

She entered her bedroom and removed her dress and hose. Before going to bed she douched her pussy in the bathroom and put on her sleep shorts and top. Crawling under the covers into the welcome bed she thought about Kurt. It was the first time that a man other than her husband had fucked her in her home. That was something she would have never thought she would do but it had been so easy with her husband passed out. She dozed off thinking about how pleasurable Kurt's big cock had felt.

NORMA HAS A SURPRISE FOR NATALIE

Sunday morning around ten Norma called Natalie and invited her over. Both their husbands would be playing golf later and they would have the afternoon to themselves. Apparently Judy and Betty had other plans and wouldn't be joining them. Natalie accepted the invitation and later that day arrived at Norma's home after lunch.

"Do you like champagne?" Norma asked.

"Sometimes but isn't it a little early?"

"I never worry about what time it is. Here have it with orange juice, a mimosa."

"Thank you," Natalie accepted. 

She poured Natalie and Norma a glass of mimosas and then set the bottle in an ice bucket. Norma held her glass up to Natalie and they clicked glasses in a toast. Natalie sipped the drink and it was delicious. She had never had one that tasted that good.

"Like it?" Norma asked.

"I love it. It is the best I ever had."

"That's because it is a moscato champagne, very sweet."

The two women then continued chatting and sipping the mimosas, Natalie felt light headed but it was so good that she finished her second glass. 

"Natalie, I am going to catch some rays. Join me." Norma announced and then she stripped off her shorts and top. 

Norma was naked under her clothes and now she was naked in front of Natalie. Norma was as beautiful naked as she was in her attire. Natalie found herself staring at Norma's naked body particularly the small tuft of pubic hair around her pussy. She couldn't but recall the orgy yesterday and eating that tasty pussy.

"Are you going to join me? It's okay if you don't want to," Norma offered.

Natalie decided to join Norma and took off her clothes and folded them on the lounge next to her. Just then two men came out of the house carrying a tray of some sort. Natalie frantically looked for something to cover her nakedness with but nothing was close by so she used her hands. 

"Relax these are my massage therapists. I'm going to have a massage. I thought that you may like one too. Do you?"

"Sure why not," Natalie replied not sure of what she was getting into.

"Good, this is Carlo and the other is Pietro."

Norma stood up and lowered up lounge chair to a level position and Natalie followed her lead. Norma then lay face down on the lounge and again Natalie followed suit. Carlo and Pietro appeared with massage oil and they were both wearing tight white shorts. Natalie could see the outline of both their cocks in their shorts.

Carlo applied the body oil to Norma's body and Pietro applied it to Natalie's body. Natalie felt her pussy tingle as the handsome young man's hands glided over her body. Natalie turned her head so that she could watch Carlo massage Norma's fantastic body. When Norma rolled over on her back Natalie decided to remain on her stomach and continue to watch the action.

Carlo moved his hands all over Norma's body working them from her neck over breasts passed her pubes to her thighs and calves. The he began the ascent back up her body but this time he stopped at her pubes and massaged the area around her pussy. She watched as Carlo slipped a finger into Norma's pussy and Natalie was sure that she heard a gasp. Carlo continued to finger Norma's pussy until he received another signal from her. Carlo then lowered his tight white shorts and his erect cock sprung out. Natalie noticed that he was well endowed as he positioned himself between Norma's legs. 

Natalie watched as the muscular hung Italian slipped his cock into Norma's fiery pussy. She felt Pietro hands working on her buttocks as she continued to watch Carlo fuck Norma. Carlo must have been very turned on as he lost his load quickly and pulled out of Norma's pussy with his cock still dripping cum. Almost immediately Pietro was between Norma's legs and he pushed his equally endowed cock into her and began fucking her. Pietro also didn't last very long and he pulled his cum dripping cock out of Norma's pussy. Natalie's own pussy was on fire and she was just about to turn over when Norma spoke.

"Natalie, come over here and eat my pussy," Norma ordered rather than requested.

Norma sat up and adjusted the lounge chair so she could watch Natalie eat her pussy. Natalie sheepishly knelt in front of Norma and lowered her mouth to cum-filled pussy. Norma was like a queen sitting on her throne while Natalie the servant girl was called to service her. She ran her tongue along the cum-dripping slit and she could taste the combined juices of male and female orgasms. As she ate Norma's pussy she felt hand on her ass and then a male cock touched her vulva. Natalie moved her legs further apart and Pietro moved his cock into her pussy.
