 This is the followup to my story, "Hung Farmboy Gets a Roll in the Hay," a POV story from the perspective of a farm boy who enjoys the curious attention of a cock-starved country lass. This story follows her return to the field, where six eager cocks are waiting for her-including yours.

*****

I slept fitfully all night, the summer heat unrelenting. I listened to the crickets outside my window as I felt the come leak out of my pussy, as I touched myself, tried to put as many fingers as I could fit into myself, to try to get the satisfaction I got from your cock today. 

But nothing will satisfy me. I rise early and begin my walk, packing the large cherry pie I baked the night before, wrapped in a gingham cloth. I hope you keep your promise and invite some of your friends today.

The sun is just rising when I leave my farm and head out toward the hills. My pussy is tingling, imagining your big cock and the others you promised filling it, feeling their absence acutely as I walk and walk.

It's noon by the time I reach your field, my basket now full of herbs I've gathered with a jar of jam I was given by a neighbor I passed on the way.

My heart stops when I get to the field; there you are, working. You look up and wave at me and my pussy begins to drip. I can make out the outline of your cock through your clothes as you bend and lift. I remember how it feels, how I've been craving it since I left.

"You came back," you smile at me, your grin charmingly lopsided. I nod, unwrap the pie, not sure if I can speak. "Mm, that looks good. Hey, boys, who wants a slice of pie?"

Your friends come around from behind the barn, five of them, grinning and looking me up and down. I feel my skin warm even more under the hot sun.

"Why don't you bring it inside?" asks one of the men, wiping his brow with a forearm. Everyone is thickly muscled, lean, tall. I feel dwarfed in comparison, small and soft. I look up at you and you smile encouragingly, take my hand.

"This is my friend from yesterday, we're going to treat her real nice, aren't we boys?" you ask the others firmly. They all agree, doff their caps, say "ma'am" as I walk by and set the pie on the table your friend had indicated.

One of the farm boys takes out a hunting knife and sidles up to me, letting his arm brush and linger against mine as he cuts the pie. He gives me a wink and I hold my breath as he takes a bite, turns to look at me. He's so close, I feel his erection brush against my skirt. 

"It's real good, thank you." he smiles. He's handsome and I smile back, feeling the heat rise between my thighs.

You come over and lead me to the back of the barn, into the cool shade away from the sun.

"Don't want you to get heatstroke after all that walking. Can I get you some water? Some cider?"

"I'd like some cider," I agree and watch them enjoying my pie, exclaiming over it as they watch me in return, their eyes betraying a different kind of hunger.

"Here you are," you bring out the jug and pour me a cup. I sip it and am soothed by the quenching beverage, feel relaxed as I meet your gaze and smile.

"I promised you I'd bring you more boys to satisfy you," you kneel in front of me and slide your hands up under my dress, running your rough fingers softly over my skin. I shiver and smile at you, lay back and sip my cider confidently as though being fondled in front of half a dozen strangers is just part of my daily routine.

They come closer at this and watch, some of their hands tracing the outlines of their cocks under their clothes. I lick my lips.

"Why don't you show my friends what we learned yesterday?" You stand and pull your delicious cock from your trousers, let it hang heavy in front of my face. I keep my cider in one hand and use the other to lift it toward my lips. It's not fully hard yet but it fills my small hand. I stroke it and begin to suck on the tip, thrilling at the others watching us, at them imagining that it's their cocks my lips are wrapped around.

"You like it deep in your pussy," you say, your voice low and rough with desire. "Do you like it deep in your mouth?" I nod and open my mouth wider as you begin to fuck my mouth, sliding over my tongue. It can't fit very deep, but it feels exciting to sit back and let you fuck my mouth with everyone watching. I look around at them and see a few have pulled their cocks out.

God, they are all hung, I think as you pull out of my throat. I gasp and wipe my mouth, drink the last of my cider to quench my thirst.

"How would you like it if I show everyone what a nice pussy you have?" You ask me, cupping one of my breasts over my clothes. We kiss and you taste of tobacco and peppermint.

I nod, looking up at you with admiration as you command the room, as you set the rules for how your friends have to treat my pussy. I let you pull me to standing, then am surprised when you bend down, throw me over your shoulder and lift my skirt over my head, revealing my bare ass and pussy to everyone.

I gasp and everyone laughs-I blush, feeling a little embarrassed as my ass is held up to the breeze, as you turn this way and that so your friends can see what's under my skirt.

I feel your hand come up and part my thighs, feel myself fall a little more forward on your shoulder as you reveal the soft lips tucked between them to the room of men.

I hear your friends groan, murmur and mumble as my pussy is displayed for the first time. When you turn around, I see all your friends jerking off behind us. Then you begin to make the rounds, bringing me to each of them in turn, my pussy laid bare as I hang over your shoulder, unable to see who is behind me or what they plan to do to me.

Somebody buries their mouth in my pussy, sliding their tongue inside and I gasp to more laughter. They stop and you bring me to the next person, who slides a rough finger between my lips. I start to leak on his hand.

"This is the ripest little pussy I have ever seen," he says and the others agree, coming forward to lightly run their fingers over my ass, to poke and pull at my pussy lips. My arousal is growing. My nails dig into your back as all your friends play with my pussy like a soft flower on display for their amusement, smelling it, licking it, prying it open with their fingers and looking inside.

"It's nice, isn't it?" you say, your voice carrying as you bring me over to the table, set me down on it and open my legs. I let you, shaking as they all turn to face me, my pussy exposed to their desires.

"Who wants to fuck it first?" you ask and I look up at you, hungry for your cock, wanting to swallow that thick shaft still lolling out of your unbuttoned fly.

"I do," said one man, young and lean with dark hair. He lined up his thick cock with my pussy and began to slowly push in, hissing between his teeth as he enjoyed himself, teasing my opening with his thickness. I squeeze your hand tightly but you let go and begin slowly unlacing my corset, letting me lean against you as you untie it and leave it open so that my breasts are revealed, but still contained by it.

"Look at those big titties," somebody sighed. This man was a bit older, but still good looking. All of them delight my eyes and my body as they watch me and stroke themselves. I feel like they're all performing for me, like you orchestrated the perfect orgy for my pleasure.

The one fucking me has bottomed out now and I gasp as he fills me completely; he's as big as you and you kiss my lips gently as I moan, trying to cope with the intensity as he works away on me, cock pulsing and throbbing as he holds back.

"Every one of us is going to milk our loads into this little pussy," you tell me, whispering in my ear loudly enough for everyone to hear you. They all chuckle and the cock inside me begins to speed up. You reach a hand into my corset and begin to play with my nipples, softly kneading my breasts. 

"Fuck," the cock inside me twitches and comes and I feel it shooting into me, spilling out when he withdraws. The next cock takes his place, filling the emptiness as one of your friends sidles up to us with a shy smile.

"Would you like to suck this?" he asks, hefting it before my eyes. I don't even answer, just take it in my mouth and begin to suck the way you taught me. You pull back my hair and keep rubbing my tits while they stretch my mouth and somebody new takes over my pussy.

"Ngh," I moan as the next farm boy quickly comes in my pussy, I can feel it oozing down over my ass when he pulls out. I moan around the cock in my mouth and he speeds up, then pulls out and takes his turn in my cunt.

He's so thick, I instinctively move back a little up the table and he slows down, pulls out, kneels in front of my spread legs.

"Sorry about that," he says, concerned and begins to gently tongue my opening, soothing it with soft kisses. He sucks on my clit as another cock fills my mouth. Soon I'm wriggling on them both. You take out my tits and I hear people audibly exclaim and shuffle closer, feel hands reach out and grip the soft skin, caressing them.

"That's better," said the one eating me out, standing and re-inserting his cock. It's still big, but I'm ready for him now and I groan as he goes deeper, faster. You step away and let them take over on my tits, line up behind your friend and stroke your cock where I can watch you, smiling at me with a wicked grin.

Your friend comes in me with a bellow and I spasm around him, silent as the cock in my throat comes and I gulp automatically, swallowing around it. He curses under his breath, pulls out, then kisses my lips tenderly. 

I feel I could weep with all the pleasure and you take your place between my trembling, cum-soaked thighs looking triumphant.

"Get on it," you say, not unkindly as you fill me. I wrap my arms around your neck and moan as you lay me back on the table, monopolizing me, not letting anyone else touch my tits or fuck my mouth for a moment as you spread me open in front of all of your friends.

"Show everyone how much you love to be bred by big dicks, honey. You just come for me, you got that?" I nod, panting as you begin to pound me harder, as you lean back and stand, filling me as I lie there, pinned to the table, squirming and gasping for release. 

Just when I think the feeling of you bumping into my clit and filling me is going to push me over the edge, you stop. I wiggle, frustrated. I groan and you laugh.

"Go on, fuck it," you tell me, amused as the other men smile and laugh at my expense. I am pinned to the table by your thick cock and everyone is watching me, my tits hanging free now, my lips parted and panting.

"How?" I ask, desperately, my voice coming out so soft I don't know if he can hear me. But they all do.

"Let me show you," says one, coming up behind us. He grabs my hips and lifts me easily off the narrow table, begins to move them up and down, making me slide over your cock. He's fucking you with my pussy, his strong arms completely unshaken by my weight as he shows me how to fuck, rocking my hips back and forth. He lets go, then whispers in my ear.

"Now you try." His voice is soft-I think it must be the one who ate my pussy, who kissed me after he came in me. 

My legs tremble as I raise my hips up, then bring them back down. They all murmur their approval as I slowly fuck you. He puts his hands back on my hips, lightly guiding me, occasionally taking over and making me do a few quick thrusts onto your cock. You moan, feeling your balls tighten.

"Good girl, you're getting him close," the man tells me, cupping my breasts in his hands as I pant and try to fuck the massive cock inside me.

But I'm not used to the motion and I'm getting tired. I start to shake and collapse on the table, try to raise up again, but can't.

"Aw, that poor little pussy is all tuckered out," said one of them across the room. You heed their warning and lift me, sit on the edge of the table yourself and begin to thrust into me.

I can feel all their cum pooling between us. 

I can feel you getting close, but you don't want to finish, not yet, so you pass me like a doll to the next guy who is sitting beside you and he pulls me down onto him and continues to thrust, giving me every inch as I hold onto him tightly.

Somebody fills my mouth again and I close my eyes, sink into bliss as I'm filled.

A soft tongue covers my ass and I shiver. You begin to eat my ass as your friend fucks me, start playing with your fingers in the opening.

I moan-it feels so good. I've been fucked there before, but never so slowly, never like this. You line up the soft, spongy head of your cock with my ass and give it a gentle push. 

I'm so full, all I can do is hold on as you slowly begin to fuck my ass, stretching me open as the other cock fills my pussy. 

"So big," I gasp-but nobody laughs this time. I look around and see they have all gathered around us, waiting their turn, hands pumping.

"Fuck," the cock in my pussy throbs and releases, making a mess between us. I'm lifted off and set onto the next cock, you holding my legs open as you fill my ass.

The feeling of my pussy being filled this time is delightful, deep, sensual. I grind against him, trying to fuck him the way I was taught. He laughs and says something about me learning fast.

"What a good girl," says another, kissing my lips. His tongue is soft and sweet. He slides his big cock into my mouth and I swallow around it, letting my throat milk the head. I feel him shudder and speed up his thrusting, eager to cum.

He does soon enough. With my pussy full, you lift me and this time turn to share me with the man standing behind you, who hefts me into his arms and starts to fuck me between the two of you as you hold me up and fill me.

"Nice titties," he says, sucking them. I feel small in both of your arms as you thrust against each-other, alternating who is pushing in and who is pulling out. 

"I'm gonna...come," I say, certain of it. That little orgasm earlier was nothing compared to what is coming. I brace myself, hugging the man who is buried in me to the hilt, rocking my ass against you as you fuck me from behind.

Your orgasm builds as I try to fuck you back. You've taught me well, you think as you watch my ass bounce in your hands. You feel the head of your cock deep inside me begin to throb, to ache, an intensity rising.

"Fuck," all three of us come and a few of the others clap and whoop as we descend from our high, as you both lift me gently from your spasming dicks and set me gently back on the straw bale beside my empty cup.

"Thanks for the pie," a few put on their hats again, make their exit. A couple of the boys take more pie and wink at me, eyeing my exposed pussy and tits like curiosities as I pant and lay there, recovering from our romp in the barn.

"Can I getvyou anything? Do you want to rest?" You ask me, kneeling between my legs and soothing my hot skin with a few soft kisses.

"I have to get home," I say regretfully. I stand and kiss your lips. You have to bend down, but you can taste the cum on my tongue, can feel the sweat soaked through every layer of my clothes.

"Did you get what you wanted?" I think I see a twinkle in your eye when you politely escort me out the door and back into the brightness of the field. All the boys are back at work.

"Yes. Thank you," I say, smiling up at you. 

"Come on back anytime, you hear?" one of the men shouts when I make it to the gate. I wave and make my way home, taking my time as my sore pussy aches and leaks with every step.