 (This is chapter 15 of a series, it will make a lot more sense if you read them in order) 

*

I must have fallen asleep. I heard the door close and my eyes popped open. Tracy was standing next to the bed. I realized I was still lying on Ken and I was naked again. Fuck! My mind started racing, I did not want to hurt her. I loved her but I loved Ken too. Dammit. I saw her kneel next to the bed. I looked into her pretty eyes and she did not look mad. She leaned over and kissed me softly on the lips. I was so confused.

"How do you feel, baby? She said in her normal sweet voice.

"I am so sorry." I said.

She laughed her cute little laugh.

"Baby, I knew it was only a matter of time. I know you love him. How can you not? He has been your champion for so long." She said.

I was a little in shock.

"But I love you." I said to her.

"I know that too. I try not to think about it too much, I just want to be with you and if Ken has to be part of that equation then so be it. I kinda love him too." She said.

I looked at my beautiful girlfriend. She was now certainly perfect. I smiled at her and held out my hand. She took it and kissed it. I put my hand around her neck and pulled her to me. I kissed her lips and then slid my tongue into her mouth. I loved the way she tasted and I loved the feel of her tongue on mine. I kissed her for at least a minute and then she pulled back. I took a deep breath. I saw her move her head to the right a little, like she was motioning. I looked up and Ken's eyes were open. He looked scared. I giggled and sat up on him. I felt his cock beneath me and it was hard.

"Good morning." I said.

He looked at me and then at Tracy. He was like a scared little boy. I put my hand on his cheek. 

"Relax, cowboy. You are fine. I am the one that is fucked but you are fine." I said.

His face relaxed a bit. I ran my hand over his cheek. The stubble felt cool.

"What do you mean?" He said.

I took a deep breath.

"Well, you see, I have a problem. This girl over here is incredible and I love her deeply. I can't imagine my life without her in it at this point. Now, you my sweet prince. You have done nothing but love me since kindergarten. I figured that out recently and then I got mad again and you were the closest one so you got the brunt of that. I now know that was undeserved and my heart is back to normal. I know also that I love you. I can't imagine my life without you in it either. You have been in my life since I was 5 and I think I want you to stick around. So, you see, fucked." I said and smiled a sad smile.

He looked at me and then at Tracy and then back at me. I noticed movement and I looked over. Tracy had stood up and she was pulling her tshirt over her head. She was wearing a pretty pink bra. She unsnapped and unzipped her jeans and pulled them off. She had on the matching pink panties. My baby, always in style. She also had on cute little white socks. She unsnapped her bra in the front and let it fall to the floor. Her perfect boobs jiggled on her chest. Her nipples were hard and I wanted to suck them so bad.

I about came out of my skin as I watched her slide her panties down her long legs. I could feel my pussy tingle as I looked at my beautiful girlfriend. She smiled at me and came forward and kissed me. Her mouth was so warm and soft. 

I reached up and wrapped my right arm around her neck. She grabbed my left arm and pulled it up to her chest. I grabbed her boob and started to fondle it. I ran my fingers over her hard nipples and she moaned in my mouth. 

I broke the kiss and kept playing with her boobs. I leaned over and kissed her nipples and then sucked on them gently. I saw her look over at Ken.

"Is there room for me?" She asked him in a little girl voice.

He nodded. He still looked a little scared and uncertain. She giggled at him and climbed on top of him. She sat on his chest and faced me. She kissed me again and grabbed my boobs. I was in heaven, sitting on a hard cock and kissing Tracy. I felt Ken's cock move a little below me. I lifted off of him a little and went to grab his cock. Tracy pulled my hand off.

"Let me do it." She whispered.

I looked at her and felt her move his cock below me. I felt it touch my pussy and she rubbed it around.

"Sit down." She whispered in my ear as she ran her tongue in it.

I groaned form her kissing my ear and slid down onto Ken's cock. It felt nice. Tracy was kissing my neck. I put my hand on her head. I was fighting pleasure overload. I heard her moan. I opened my eyes and saw she was now sitting on Ken's face. I saw his hands on her thighs. It looked so hot. I slid up and down his cock a few times.

Tracy started kissing me again and now her fingers were touching my pussy as it slid up and down on Ken's hard cock. She touched my clit and I gripped her head. I broke the kiss and pulled her head to my chest. She was pushing on my clit and twirling it in circles. I was so close, I could feel a mammoth orgasm building. Tracy picked her head up and kissed my ear again.

"Cum with me, Kim." She said and pinched my clit.

I screamed and it felt like electricity shot through me. I felt myself squeeze Ken's cock with my pussy and I was holding Tracy hard. I felt her shake hard and then I heard her moan and whimper. I held her through our orgasms and then she moved off of Ken. I heard him take a deep breath and I looked at him. His face was really shiny but he had a big smile on his face. I giggled and Tracy looked at him and we both started laughing. She climbed off of him and bent over to kiss him. She kissed his face and licked her juices off of him. His mouth opened and he moaned. She looked back at me.

"Kim, would you finish fucking this poor sweet boy, please?" She asked.

I realized I was still sitting on his cock. I jumped up and started moving up and down. She was now kissing his lips and I saw her bite his lower lip and pull it out a little. He raised his head and she kissed him hard. His hand was on the back of her head and I started moving faster. I could tell he was close. I sat down hard and pushed him deeper. I reached around and grabbed his balls. I squeezed them a little and he pushed up hard against me. I felt him shaking and I knew I was getting his seed inside me. I kept rubbing his balls as he finished. 

Tracy picked her head up and he looked shell-shocked. She climbed over and lay down next to him. I touched her thigh and rubbed. She laid her head on his chest and starting rubbing his chest.

"How was that?" She asked me.

"That was fucking incredible." I said and she smiled.

"There, problem solved." She said.

I looked at her and then at Ken. She was smiling and he was still in shock. I thought about what she said. What did she mean? Would she be ok with this? Sharing me with Ken? I knew Ken would be ok, what guy wouldn't? I leaned over to get closer to her. 

"Are you sure?" I said.

"Yep, if that is what is in store for me and I have you with me then I am all in." She said.

I leaned over and kissed her. I moved over and lay on Ken's right. I pulled my right leg over him and put my right arm around Tracy. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. Life was good.

I lay on my bed with my girlfriend and boyfriend and wondered how I got here. I so loved Tracy and I was so excited to spend the rest of my life with her. Then I thought about Ken and his loyalty and compassion. He had stood by me for the better part of 14 years. He had a few bad spots but I was usually the influence behind them. I thought of the first time I saw him really angry. He had walked in the Country Store as I was having a massive orgasm on a huge black cock. Not my best moment. It was rape, Henry forced me to do it but it did feel good. I beat myself up constantly about that one, how could I have reacted like that? What had I become and how did that get me here?

My mind raced as I watched Tracy and Ken sleep peacefully. How did they still love me? Ken recovered from the first incident and then helped me recover from a massive gang rape. Tracy got involved in the gang rape just because she had the bad luck of being my roommate. I got both of these wonderful people involved in my mess and yet they still loved me. How was I so lucky? I got so angry then and I knew exactly who I was angry at.

I got up out of bed slowly. Ken moaned and wrapped his other arm around Tracy. She snuggled into his chest. The love for these two filled my heart and confirmed what I needed to do. I pulled on some clothes, sweatshirt and jeans. I pulled my long hair in a ponytail and left my room. 

It was dusk and the sun was setting slowly. I walked purposefully across campus. It was a long walk but I was glad, I needed the time to think. The cool, crisp air felt good on my face. I felt better than I had in a very long time. I wasn't hurting anymore and the only evidence of my encounter with Samantha was a slight black eye. Samantha? I chuckled a little. I wondered what she was thinking. I had really beat the shit out of her. I got a little surge of pride at my moment of badassness. Was that a word? Didn't care, it was exactly what had happened. 

I saw the frat house as I rounded the corner. There were guys in the front yard and on the porch. They all looked at me as I walked up. Some of them said hi and the others looked scared. I guess I looked like I meant business. I walked up the porch and into the open door. There was a TV blaring and guys all over the house.

"Where is Scott?" I asked loud enough for people to hear me over the TV.

The TV went mute. All of the guys were staring at me. Warren walked up and he looked concerned.

"Miss Kim, is everything ok?" He asked.

I looked around and saw all of the guys were either scared or worried. Then it hit me like a brick, I am a stupid blonde sometimes.

"Warren, no, I am fine. I just need to talk with Scott." I said in a much calmer voice.

I felt the tension in the room drop quickly and the TV was now blaring again. Warren was holding out his hand. I took it and he led me through the room. Many of the guys told me hello and I responded. We got into a hallway and he led me to the end. He opened the door and Scott was sitting at his desk with his head bent over a book. He had a highlighter in his hand and his other hand was in his hair. He looked exasperated.

"Scott, Kim is here." Warren said.

Scott looked up and tried to smile. I smiled at him and his face relaxed. I turned and kissed Warren on the cheek.

"Thank you Warren." I said and squeezed his hand.

"Not a problem Miss Kim, anytime." He said and I knew he meant it.

He closed the door and I turned to look at Scott.

"Did you mean it?" I asked.

"Mean what?" He said.

"Did you mean it when you said you would protect me and help me for the rest of my life?" I said.

He nodded his head.

"Good, then I need some help." I said.

He stood up and pulled a chair close to his desk. He patted the seat and I went over and sat down. I took a deep breath.

"What is it Kim?" He said in a concerned voice.

I looked into his kind eyes and smiled a little. I took another deep breath and thought of my sweet Tracy snuggled up next to my sweet Ken. I figured with those two in my corner I could do anything. I looked him in the eyes and told him everything.

I told him of the first rape in the country store on the way home last summer. I told him how hard it was coming to terms with that. I also told him about the rape in the same store on the way to school this semester. I told him how Ken was really angry at first. I didn't tell him about me sucking his cock in the car and him fucking me hard in my room because he was so mad at me. I did tell him of the feeling of worthlessness and cheapness which led to my slut-like behavior.

I told him about dragging Tracy into my mess and never being able to forgive myself for that. I told him about her and I and he smiled. I also told him about Ken and I and he leaned back and smiled. I said my life was straightening out but I needed one more thing.

I told him I had reconciled with Ken and Tracy and they still loved me. I told him I was even with Samantha now. He chuckled and agreed.

"What do you need Kim?" He said.

"I need one more retribution before I can move on." I said.

"What would that be?" He said.

"The man at the country store." I said.

He leaned back and ran his hands through his hair.

"Scott, it all started there. I was not the same person back then. I was happy, carefree, your typical freshman college student. He raped me and I began a downwards spiral that ended with me lying in a pool of cum in your bed. I can move on from all of that but he has to pay. I need him to pay for what he did or I will never be able to truly love myself." I said.

He looked at me. I could tell he was thinking hard. He leaned forward and took my hands. He looked me straight in the eye.

"I meant it Kim. I will never be able to make it up to you for the suffering you endured under my watch. I will look after you for the rest of your life." He said and paused.

I smiled and felt my eyes tearing up. He squeezed my hands.

"I will help you. We will get you your retribution. We will make him pay." He said.

I felt the breath leave my body. It also felt like a huge weight had been lifted from my shoulders. I had not felt like this since before the country store incident. I felt hope, like I could come out of this and be ok.

"Now, let me walk you home and I have some work to do." He said.

I looked at his open book and remembered his look of frustration when I came into the room. I looked back at him.

"Your schoolwork. I shouldn't have come. It is not fair to you." I said and felt the hope flying out of me.

"Stop it Kim. You are way more important than any class. This is your life. I can retake a class. I will drop everything I am doing if I have to. I don't think I will have to, I already have some ideas. Now, let's get you home." He said and stood up.

"Is that World Civ?" I asked and motioned to his book.

He nodded.

"You know that is my major. Do you want some help?" I said with a little small smile.

He looked at his book and then back at me.

"No, you don't have to do that." He said.

"I want to. I am way ahead in my classes thanks to you and I want to help you. You have been so nice to me this entire time. Please let me help." I said.

He sighed and smiled down at me.

"What am I going to do with you? I don't deserve your friendship." He said.

"Yeah right." I said and stood up.

I grabbed his book and jumped on his bed. I sat cross-legged and looked at him with his book in my lap.

"What chapter are you on?" I asked.

"We have a test on chapters 3-5 two days from now." He said.

"Two days? Shit, we have plenty of time." I said and opened his book.

"So, Mr. President. Tell me about the Romans." 

I asked and I felt my eyes twinkle for the first time in a long time.