 (This is the conclusion to a long story. Thank you to all my fans for their patience. I hope you like it) 

*

I crossed my legs again real slowly and I felt all the eyes in the room move. The power of that simple move still amazes me. Of course, the black stockings with the little glimpse of frilly lace didn't hurt either. Some people would say that wasn't fair, to use my "charms" to sway people to my way of thinking. I had decided long ago that I didn't really give a shit. If it helped then so be it. They were my charms and I would do whatever the fuck I wanted with them. I had stopped worrying about what people thought about me so long ago. I leaned back against the soft leather couch, my chest right there for all to see.

"So fellows, are we going to drop this little issue or do we have to keep beating on it?" I said in a gentle voice.

I sensed the discomfort from all the guys. This was really too easy. I looked at my publisher. He smiled his sweet smile behind his little glasses. He really was a cute old guy and I knew he was all in. I had him wrapped around my little finger from the start as usual. He was easy to sway but he worked for me and he was supposed to be that way. That is why I love him. The problem was this new lawyer. He was young, excited, and ready to take on the world. 

He was also incredibly conservative for his age which surprised me. He was not immune to everything though as my eyes glanced at his crotch and saw his pants were really tight. I ran my finger down over my cleavage to scratch a mysterious itch. His eyes were drawn to my chest. My boobs were a lot bigger now and they served me well in times like these. My shirt was almost too small and I could feel the buttons working hard.

"But Kim, do you have to have the part with the rape?" My publisher moaned.

"Jerry, you know the answer to that. The story writes itself and I can't change it later, it ruins the flow." I said sweetly and leaned forward a little, letting the girls help me get my point across.

"But Miss Simpson, that scene will bring a lot of negative attention and hamper the sales of the book." My young lawyer said in a very smooth voice.

He would be really good for the team eventually as soon as we loosened him up a bit. I stood up slowly and straightened my black skirt. I heard a few deep breaths. I looked at the three old board members and smiled. They smiled big smiles back. I walked up to my publisher's desk. I turned around to face the rest of the guys and leaned my butt against Jerry's desk. I knew where his eyes were and it made me smile.

"Ok fellas, I have to go now. Jerry understands this very well and he can take over from here if you have any other questions." I said sweetly.

"But Miss Simpson....we still need to...." The lawyer started.

"Mr. Thomas. Let me explain this in simple terms. My book will be published as is. My stories are not up for editing once they leave my laptop. Jerry understands this. We have had a wonderful relationship these last couple of years and I would like to keep it going. I like you guys and I think you like me." I said.

My three old guys were nodding. I smiled sweetly at them.

"So you guys talk it out and let me know by tomorrow if you want to publish the book. I promised Jimmy Salvadore I would let him know as soon as you turn one down." I smiled and picked up my bag.

"Miss Simpson, we will not be blackmailed." My young lawyer spouted.

I walked over to him and looked down at him as he sat there. He looked so confident and sure of himself.

"Mr. Thomas. This is not blackmail. This is just me sticking to my guns and asking that my story be published as I wrote it. I don't give a fuck about negative attention. I have had negative attention my whole life and I am quite comfortable with it. This is my first publishing company and you get first shot but if you don't want it then I will shop it to someone else. It is really that simple." I said and smiled.

He opened his mouth to say something and then closed it. I walked to the door and I knew I had five pairs of eyes on my ass as I walked away. It did look good in this tight skirt. I opened the door and turned around. They all looked like they had gotten caught staring.

"Jerry, call me baby." I said and blew them all a kiss.

My heels clicked on the marble floor as I walked through the lobby.

"See you Kim." I looked over at the guard.

"Bye Bill." I turned and waved.

He was smiling really big. I liked him. He was sweet and took very good care of me when I had issues with this silly company. I did like the company but these meetings were getting old. I hit the door and the fresh outside air felt good. 

"Miss Kim, we will have your car here in a jiffy." The young man said on the curb.

"Thank you so much sweetie. Did you read the last one?" I said.

"Oh yeah, it was great. Did they approve the next one?" He said.

"Not yet." I said and pouted.

"Idiots. Your stuff so rocks and it is the best out there. They would be stupid not to take it. My girlfriend about attacked me after she read the last one." He said and smiled.

"Oh you are so sweet. With fans like you I will be just fine. I will get you an advance copy as soon as I can." I said and he smiled big.

"Thank you so much Kim." He said.

I heard my engine and turned to see my new red corvette pull up to the curb. I took the young man's hand, slipping the $20 into his palm. I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. I could see a slight red outline of my lips on his skin. 

"You better wipe that off or you will get in trouble with your girlfriend." I said and giggled.

I walked around and another young guy was standing there with my keys dangling from his hand. I slid a $20 into his palm and kissed him on the cheek also. He blushed. I walked around and slid into my car. He stood next to the door and watched as my skirt pulled up and revealed the top of my stocking and a tanned leg over it. I saw his pants tighten. He closed the door.

I looked over and my other young man was leaning into the passenger window. I pulled my seatbelt on but his eyes never left my right leg. My skirt was far up on my thighs and my stocking tops were right there. I knew he would be blasting cum somewhere tonight thinking about my legs. I pulled my skirt up a little bit more.

"Do you like them, they are new?" I said and ran my fingers over the lace.

"Oh yes maam. They are beautiful as always. You are always so beautiful." He said.

I felt a surge of pride.

"Baby, you keep saying things like that and the girls will be flocking all over you." I said and he smiled.

"You have a safe drive." He said and stood up and I saw his massive erection pushing against his pants.

I took a deep breath. I pulled my eyes away slowly. I had to be careful, when Ken goes away I get so fucking horny. I stuck the car in gear and pulled out into the street. I loved this car. It made me feel like I could conquer anything. I thought of how far I had come in such a short time. I was only 24 years old and I had two best sellers already. I chuckled when I remembered my publisher saying I would have to pay my dues before I could see success. He had no idea how many dues I had already paid when he said that.

I thought about that first meeting with Henry in the Country Store. I remembered how innocent and weak I was. How his rough fucking of me over the boxes stuck with me the entire summer. Then I remembered the trip back to school. He fucked me again and had Frank fuck me with his huge black cock. Ken walked in and got really angry. I felt a little sad when I remembered his face when he saw me riding Frank's huge tool.

Then came the semester from hell. I lost track of a lot that had happened and I hadn't thought about it for a while. I remember the gang rape and the Sigma guys rallying around me. Of course, all that struggle landed me in the arms of my sweetheart. Tracy still made me smile. She still looked the same as she had in college. Of course, our home gym and her tenacity in that gym helped her stay tight and gorgeous. I could feel my face breaking into a big smile and my pussy tingling a little as I thought about her. My phone rang and I hit my Bluetooth.

"Hey, baby, you on your way home yet?" Tracy's sweet voice.

"Yes maam, I will be there in about 30 minutes." I said.

"Good, because these two little monsters are draining me." She said with frustration. I chuckled.

"Yeah, go ahead and laugh tough girl. You are getting both of them when you get here then we will see who is laughing." She said with a sweet little giggle.

"Do you need anything?" I said.

"Nope, just another set of boobs." She said and I chuckled again.

"I will be there as quick as I can. Mine are about to explode out of my shirt." I said.

"Hey, is Ken coming home tonight?" She asked.

"Yes, he said his plane was landing around 5:00 tonight. I think Warren is going to pick him up." I said.

"Good, but why am I always the last to know? The good little housewife is supposed to just sit here and look pretty?" She said.

"Well, you are awful good at that." I said.

"Don't even start with your little sharp tongue. I will take it up with him when he gets home. We will see how much he likes the couch." She said.

"You are mean. You know how he is when he gets back after being gone for so long." I said.

"All the better. It will teach him a lesson." She said.

I heard a buzz in my ear for the other line.

"Baby, I have another call. I think it might be Jerry." I said.

"Ok, see you in a few. I will be on the beach. I love you." She said.

"I love you too sweetheart." I said slowly and pressed the other line.

"Hello Jerry." I said.

"How do you always know it is me?" He said.

"I don't get many phone calls Jerry and Tracy was on the other line so it had to be you." I said.

"Ok, well, you win again. We are publishing it as is. It should go to press next week." He said.

"Thank you Jerry. That is great news." I said.

"Well, you are very persuasive, little one." He said.

"Jerry, I just know what I want and I am willing to fight for it." I said.

"Kim, I wish I had your attitude, I would be so much happier." He said.

"Yes, you would Jerry. You should come to the beach house sometime and let us relax you. You can see Tracy in a bikini." I said with a giggle.

"You know I will take you up on that offer very soon." He said.

"You are always welcome Jerry. Thank you again and I will talk to you soon." I said.

"Bye Kim." He said and I heard the click.

I drove in silence for the next 10 minutes. I thought of what he said. I was happy. I was happier than a person should be. I had a gorgeous girlfriend that was as sweet as she was pretty. I had a dependable, loving boyfriend who would do anything for either of us, except tell Tracy about his itinerary it seems. I also had two wonderful sons who I guess were waiting to suck most of the milk out of my sore boobs. I rubbed my hand over my chest and they felt so swollen. 

My phone buzzed again. Fuck, this is getting silly.

"Hello." I said.

"Hey, baby girl." Ken's voice.

"Hi handsome, you still on time?" I said.

"Yep, sitting in Chicago right now, plane leaves in about 15 minutes. Warren is picking me up. I can't wait to get home and see you guys." He said.

"Well, you better get ready." I said.

"For what?" He said in a seductive way.

"Well, to get your head handed to you. Did you give Tracy your flight plans?" I said with a giggle.

"Son of a bitch, I forgot. Is she mad?" He said, now in his scared voice.

"You could say that. She said something about a couch." I said.

"Oh fuck, I have to call her. Dammit." He said.

"Yeah, that would be good. I kinda want you around tonight." I said.

"I will call her before I leave here but I also have a surprise for you guys." He said.

"What?" I said, excited.

"You will have to wait and see but I think you will like it. I have to hang up, we are boarding in about 10 minutes and I have to call Tracy." He said.

"Ok, love you baby." I said and blew him a kiss on the phone.

"I love you so much girl. See you soon." He said and I heard the click.

I drove in silence a little more. Ken was so good. A typical guy when he does something stupid but so loyal and so loving. I had known him since I was 5 and now I slept wrapped around him every night. I was worried about him when we moved out here but he was holding his own and keeping two horny girls happy. Who was I kidding? He was loving it. He was living every guy's dream. He had a great job, a house on the beach, and two hot girls sharing his bed. Oh yeah, he also had two of the cutest sons on the planet. 

I pulled into the driveway and pulled around the house. I loved our house. It was huge but still very cozy and comfortable. My first royalty check paid for it in cash so we had very little in the way of expenses. Ken's job with the security firm was wonderful and our babies had most of their college money already in place. Yes, we were doing so good that we could afford to have a licensed Registered Nurse staying home. I slipped out of the car and saw Tracy waving from the beach. She was sitting in her lounge and it looked like the boys were with her.

I wanted to just run down there in my clothes but I should go change. I looked at the house and then back at the beach. Oh fuck it. I threw my bag on the car. I pulled my cell phone out of my bag and slipped off my heels and left them next to the car. I walked down to the beach, feeling the warm sand on my stocking feet. I walked up to Tracy and she was laying back with her dark sunglasses on her pretty face.

She was wearing her red bikini and it looked smoking hot. Her boobs were pressing against the top and I could see her nipples. They were back to their normal size, obviously the boys had taken care of her recently. Her tummy was so tight and smooth and those fucking legs drove me insane. Her dark hair was down past her shoulders and curly. She was a vision and I felt my pussy throb.

I leaned over and kissed her. She put her hand behind my head and drove her soft tongue into my mouth. I loved kissing her. I put my right hand on her neck and felt her smooth skin. She relaxed a little and I pulled back.

"Well hello there." She said, pushing her glasses to the top of her head and looking at my clothes.

"So, those stockings go in the trash now I guess." She said and giggled.

"Maybe, we will see. I just couldn't wait to get to you." I said and she smiled.

"You know, we should buy stock in that company with all the ones you ruin." She said.

"Now tell me little lady, how many of those are you responsible for since you have this thing about ripping them off of me?" I said.

Tracy blushed and looked back at the ocean. I could see a little smile on her pretty face. I sat in my lounge. The sun was low in the sky but it still felt wonderful on my skin. I loved the way the beach looked at this time of day. I leaned back and started to unbutton my shirt. The buttons popped easily and the shirt opened wide as I popped the last button. I pulled it out of my skirt and opened it wide. I undid the front clasp of my bra and my boobs popped out. It felt great. I rubbed them.

"My, my, they are humongous." Tracy said.

"Yeah, they are almost too big and very sore." I said.

"It must have made the meeting easier." She said.

"Hey, are you accusing me of using my boobs to get my way?" I said and looked at her.

She smiled and lifted her eyebrows. I giggled.

"Did they buy the book?" She asked.

"Yeah, they go to press next week." I said.

"Hmm...imagine that." She said and leaned her head back.

I heard a gurgle and I looked down between the lounges. My lovely son looked up at me and smiled. He was five months old and beautiful. I reached down and picked him up. I put him on my stomach and he lifted his head and looked at me. His bright blue eyes sparkled and he giggled. I pushed his blonde hair out of his eyes and he squealed and waved his arms.

"Scotty ate last so Warren should be hungry first." Tracy said without opening her eyes.

"He doesn't look hungry." I said.

"Give him a minute, he is a bottomless pit." She said.

I looked back at him and his face crinkled a little. Then he let out a cry and I shuffled him down to my right side and he latched on immediately. It amazed me how efficient they both were. I leaned back and relaxed while I watched the waves and listened to my son eat. Warren finished and then he laid his head on my chest as I rubbed his back and patted him. He let out a huge burp and Tracy giggled.

"He is such a guy." She said.

I handed him to her and he snuggled on her chest. I reached down and picked up Scotty who was now crying. I slid him down to my left side and he got busy right away. I looked down at Scotty. His head was full of curly dark hair and his brown eyes were staring at me as he ate. He looked just like Tracy. I rubbed my finger across his forehead and then kissed him. I leaned back and relaxed.

"Miss Kim, miss Tracy, I am going to leave in a little bit to pick up Ken from the airport." I heard Warren's voice and looked up.

Warren was looking down at me. My boobs were still out in the open but it didn't seem to faze him or I, for that matter. I smiled up at him.

"Do you ladies need anything before I leave?" Warren asked.

"Well, yes, I do need something but I feel bad asking you." I said.

"Kim, I will do anything for you, you know that." Warren said.

"Yes, I know, but I always feel like I am taking advantage of you." I said.

He looked down at me and opened his arms.

"Ok, ok, my feet are killing me from those fucking heels and you are so good at that." I said and gave him a tentative smile.

He gave me a quick smile and moved to the end of my lounge. He knelt by my feet and put his huge black hands on my ankles.

"Miss Tracy." He said and Tracy reached down to her left and tossed a bottle of lotion to him.

I looked at her and she turned her head to me.

"You are so predictable." She said.

"What?" I said.

"Really, like you don't get poor Warren to do this every time you have to wear heels." She said.

"Like you don't." I said.

"Well, at least I change the time of day I ask him." She said and giggled.

"Miss Kim?" Warren said and I looked to see him pulling on my stockings at my toes of my right foot.

I nodded.

He reached up and grabbed the top of my stocking and slid it off my right leg. It felt so good coming off. He pulled the left one down and tossed them both between our chairs. Then he proceeded to give me one of his famous Warren foot massages. I was in heaven, my son nursing and my feet getting rubbed by the best masseur in the world.

Warren was now a licensed masseur. He graduated from school with a degree in Physical Therapy. He went to work for Scott at the Security company right out of school. Scott assigned him full time to us and we paid to send him to massage school. Now we pay him an exorbitant salary to look over us and the boys, run an occasional errand, and give us all massages. Did I mention my life was good?

Warren finished and then left to get Ken. Scotty was snoozing on my chest and the sun was going down.

"Tracy, we should go in." I said.

"Yeah, I guess so." She said in a sleepy voice. Warren was snoozing on her chest and I think she had been sleeping too.

"I just love it out here this time of day." She said.

"Me too." I said.

I sat up and laid Scotty on the lounge between my legs. I had to push my skirt almost to my waist to get my legs far enough apart to make room for him.

"You know, you are such a slut." Tracy said.

"What?" I said.

"Well, this is a public beach for the most part and there you are with your tits hanging out and your legs spread wide open for all to see." She said.
