 Chapter 5

Reinvestment and training

Liza and Val had arrived in my house together, at the front door by ten in the morning. We reviewed the travel arrangements to the airport—I was leaving at the same time so we would share a ride. I had some notes from the Prince about their clothing and such things they would likely wish to have along, like garters and swimming suits or favorite dildos. We sat at the table and mapped out the trip; New York, New Orleans, Las Vegas, Seattle over eight days which sounded tiring but not with a private plane. They would meet him in New York. They were excited but I kept it formal and low key. We had everything worked out by noon when I informed them that they were not leaving till Monday. At first they seemed to be disappointed which was a good thing but I had an alternative for them. 

"Ladies, this gives us a chance to further your training so the Prince will not be expanding your, ah parameters. Too far, I mean." I smiled. Both women fell silent and were staring at me. I shrugged. "Val, Liza got to watch you be fucked. I think it is your turn. To watch, I mean." They exchanged looks. "Oh, and Liza, Val has been fucked in the ass, your turn on that score too." I said. Liza's look was priceless, a sort of eager shock which morphed into fearful anticipation. Liza licked her lips. "Val, do you think you can sit and watch me ravish the redhead?"

Val now nodded, smiled and nodded again. Liza regarded her with mouth open, aghast. 

"Follow me." I walked up to the bedroom; they followed. Once in the bedroom, I turned to Liza and smiled. "Liza, my dear, time to strip." I gestured towards the easy chair and Val sat down, crossing her legs. I went past Liza to Val, bent over and kissed her on the lips. "I may need your help in a moment, my dear. Will you help?"

Val looked up at me without lifting her head, using only her eyes. Then she nodded. 

I turned back to the bed; Liza was nude standing next to bed. "Get on the bed, on your knees, holding onto the headboard." I said softly.

"What? No kiss?"

I stepped up to her and grabbed her by the hair so fast she only had time to widen her eyes. I tilted her head and pressed my mouth over hers and kissed her hard, pressing her lips against her teeth till she opened her mouth. I thrust my tongue into her mouth, deep and fast, running it along the roof of her mouth. I pulled away and let go of her hair. "Get on the bed." I hissed. 

Liza hesitated for moment and then backed to the bed and climbed aboard. She assumed the position, grasping the metal bars of the headboard and then dropped her head between her arms. Her white body looked like porcelain. I went to the closet and took out an old, well-worn belt. I walked over to Liza. "I am going to turn your ass red and then I am going to fuck you. There is only one question: Do I need to bind you to the bed?"

Liza looked around and saw the belt. Fear flashed in her eyes. She turned away. "You better tie me," she said in a small voice. 

I found the cuffs and put them on her wrists and clicked them onto the latticework of the headboard. She watched me hook her up. The fear was gone from her eyes, replaced by a feverish excitement. "Back up." Liza shuffled backwards on the bed on her knees till her arms stretched beyond her head. I lifted the belt and brought it down on her exposed ass, across both cheeks. It cracked as it hit her flesh and a red bar appeared on her skin. She squealed and tried to move towards the head of the bed but suspended and stretched as she was, she could not move easily. I hit her again, harder. I glanced at Val, she was staring at me. 

"Not so hard." Val said, when my eyes met her. I walked over to her tapping my hand with the folded belt. I leaned down and put my face in front of hers. "Perhaps you would like to beat her for me? Perhaps you would like to turn her ass red?" 

Val hesitated and I walked over to the bed and lay the leather onto Liza's ass again. This time she screamed for I hit her very, very hard. The mark on her ass was angry scarlet. Liza jerked around to look at me but her eyes held mine for a moment. I lay a hand gently on the divide of her ass and stroked downwards till I felt the cilia of her red hair about her pussy. I touched her lips and she grunted, her eyes closed and she turned back to the head board and dropped her head. I hit her again, but not so hard. I knew about the Prince. But I did not want to bruise her. I hit her again low on the thighs, marking them both. Liza shuddered but now she was quiet, the shock and surprise was over and now she was feeling the pain. 

"Wait. I will." Val said softly. 

I nodded, smiled and handed her the belt. She wore a short skirt with a cream blouse and matching jacket with garters which the skirt did not begin to cover. She looked like a classy hooker, one with money to put to the wardrobe and a taste for clothes shopping rather than fashion. Val took the belt and fit it into her hand. She turned to Liza's marked ass. She put the belt across Liza's shoulders but lightly, carefully. She hit her several more times but left no marks. 

"Her ass." I said softly. 

Val turned and looked at me and obeyed. Again, she hit the woman bound before her but again, not hard. 

"Not hard enough." I said louder. "Harder."

Val bowed her head and struck Liza again but still not loud enough to crack. I rose and walked up behind her. I slipped a hand under her skirt and between her legs, pressing into her crotch. I pressed my hand against her cunt and found it wet. With the other hand, I reached around her and grasped one of her breasts very tightly. She squeaked. Liza's head lifted and she turned her glassy eyes to look at us. 

I leaned into Val. "Have you been fucking your husband, Valerie?" I asked softly. She shook her head. "You know your husband is going to have to fuck someone, don't you?" I whispered. Val nodded. "I am going to send Liza here, to your house tomorrow or Saturday and have her fuck little Ted. Now, Valerie, I want you to make her ass red. This woman is going fuck your husband, please remember that."

The next few minutes led to Liza's screaming. Her ass turned red and Val was panting and sweating. "Be careful, Valerie, next time it is going to be your turn and it could very easily be Liza who stands behind you." She lightened up and finally I took the belt from her hands and pointed to the chair. 

I walked up beside Liza and ran a hand down her sweating, swaying body. She flinched as I touched the welts on her legs, buttocks and back. Her ass moved side to side and then she would flex her back and it would rise up. I pulled at her knee and widened her stance. When I touched her pussy she moaned. She was running with fluid. I took some on my finger and sniffed it. It was her honest response to the beating. I put the finger to Liza's lips and she sucked it between her lips, sucking the moisture off of it. I leaned forward and whispered into her ear. "I am going to send you to little Ted tomorrow. You will fuck him and keep a tally of what he asks you to do. Do it all. I will subtract it off your balance. If you accept half, I will add the whole amount onto Val's balance, if not, then I will add only my half to her balance and you get credit for the whole amount. What would you prefer."

"I'll take half." She panted. 

"Do you want me to fuck you?"

Liza's head bobbed like I was offering her a million dollars. I walked over to stand in front of Valerie. Her brown hair was mussed, out of place and her eyes looked haunted and dark. She still panted from her exertions. "Do you want me to fuck her for you?" I said softly.

Valerie's eyes skipped past to me to Liza. I wanted to see Liza's face but did not turn to look but remained focused on Val's eyes. Finally she refocused on me and nodded. 

I nodded. "Come remove my clothes. Each time you remove something, you kiss her somewhere, till I say stop."

Val looked at me. "That's stupid." She muttered. 

I leaned down and put my face close to hers. "You will be serving a prince. He will expect to obeyed and if he is not . . . " 

"What?"

I shook my head. "If he is unhappy, you may be discounted." I smiled. 

Val stood up and pushed me a step back. She took me by the shoulders and turned me till I was facing the direction Liza faced, parallel with the bed. She unbuttoned my white oxford shirt. Clothes are a mystery to me and I let someone else dress me—well, not literally but they determine my style and since I have little or no opinion, anyone with an opinion is likely to get a hearing. Left to myself I am quite boring when it comes to fashion. 

As she neared the button just above the belt on my shorts, I wore white cargo shorts, she slowed. I watched her eyes. My cock twitched at the proximity of her hands. She unfastened the last visible button of the shirt and began to pull it out from where it was tucked into the shorts. Finally, she unbuttoned the shorts button and released the tension. The shirt easily pulled free. The back of her hand brushed the head of my erect, cloth-covered cock, smearing a bit of the dampness onto the back of her hand. She stopped, lifted that smeared hand to her lips and kissed then licked it, sniffing as she did so. Val's eyes never left mine. She ran her hands up the center of my stomach to my chest, flexing over my smooth, hairless skin. She cupped my deltoids, what my sister called my 'man boobs' with full mockery. She rubbed each nipple between her thumb and finger. She ran each hand to my shoulder and smoothed my shirt off each shoulder. My skin came alive under her light touch and for a moment I thought about taking her, fast and hard but I restrained that urge. 

Val pulled the shirt down my arms and off, letting it fluttered to the bedroom floor. I looked at Liza. The redhead was watching us like a cat watches a mouse just before a fatal pounce. Val walked to her and licked at the sweat on her near ass cheek, then kissed the fiery red ass. 

Liza moaned. 

Val returned to me and unzipped the shorts and shucked them off my waist. They dropped down my legs. Val knelt and lifted each foot to remove the shorts. She rose, went to Liza and sat on the bed with her back to Liza. She slid down the side of the bed till her shoulders were perched on the edge, then she slid under Liza's body till her face was between Liza's dangling breasts. She began with the far breast, kissing, licking then sucking at it. Liza, above her, began to shake and quiver, her ass wagged back and forth like she had a tail. Val switched to the near breast, again, kissing, licking and sucking it in her mouth. Liza grunted with begrudging satisfaction and then sighed with disappointment when Val released her nipple. 

I watched and this time, Val looked at me from beneath Liza's body. When I made no sound nor motion, she resumed kissing the far breast, finally sucking on the scarlet nipple hard. She sucked more and more of Liza's impressive breast into her mouth. After several moments of sucking on that tit, she moved to the other. 

"Enough." I muttered. 

Val slid down onto the floor, sitting, her legs akimbo. She was still dressed which made her appearance even more striking. I could see up her skirt, the garters and for a moment, her pussy, gleaming back at me. She struggled to her knees and crawled over to me. Liza was panting on the bed, her head dangling down but her eyes were open and watching us. Val rubbed a hand over the bulge in my briefs. She peeled them down and kissed the revealed part of my cock as it appeared. Then she moved back up and took my cock into her mouth. The briefs descended as her mouth enveloped my cock. She pulled them past my knees and then pulled her mouth off my cock and finished the job, leaving me naked. I pulled her to her feet, turned her around and pressed her down onto the bed, face down below Liza's dangling tits. I flipped up the skirt. I massaged her bare cunt and then thrust my cock into her. Val grunted as I plunged my cock into her luscious body. I pulled from her pussy and then presented it to Liza who stretched hard to lick at my cock. She hummed as she licked then sucked on the head, running her tongue around and around it till I pulled back. I pulled Val to her feet and pushed her back to the observer's chair. She flopped down, her face a picture of desire, lust and passion. 

I got on the bed behind Liza and took hold of her hips. With one hand I pressed my cock against her pussy. She gasped, pulling away from me. I pulled back on her hips and my cock sank into her slick, open pussy. Nothing impeded my progress; I thrust into her body, pulling her fiery ass back against me. Liza gasped and tried to pull away. I let her. I got off the bed and released her wrists. She sat back and hissed at the pain still in her ass. She leaned forward on her elbows and rubbed her wrists. I put a hand on her side and pushed at her. "On your back." I said softly. "Get on our back and then ask me to fuck you. Say please. Beg if you think you can."

Slowly, Liza rolled onto her back but her ass lifted as though bouncing off the bedspread. She dropped her big ass and widened her feet and lifted it off the bed again. She grunted. "Fuck me. Please fuck me. Put your cock in my cunt and fuck me hard. Pin my hot ass to the bed and make me come. Please. Oh god, please fuck me!" Her ass dropped to the bed. I put a hand on her hip but let her ass rise up. Her legs quivered as she arched her body. I moved between her legs and, kneeling, put a hand on her pussy. I slipped a finger into her pussy. I wiggled it around; Liza sloshed like an aquarium. Her body was straining, shaking and finally Liza dropped to the bed but immediately her ass rose again but she could not sustain it. I withdrew my finger and replaced it with my cock at her dripping entrance. I bent over Liza's shivering body and kissed each breast and then shoved my cock into her. She shrieked as I pounded her ass firmly down onto the bed. I balanced on my arms and pumped her over and over for a few moments. Each time I rose up, Liza's cunt followed me up, raising her ass off the bed. Liza's eyes were on my face as I fucked into her, over and over again. Her eyes began to glaze over. "Fuck me." She whispered. "Fuck me hard." Her voice was small and cracking. 

I lowered my head and kissed her lips. Her mouth was wide and wet and warm. Her tongue fought me, tangling with mine as I continued to fuck into her. I went to my elbows, moved my head down beside Liza's neck and ran my hands down her body to her ass. I clasped her ass and fucked my cock deep into her cunt. Liza shouted 'fuck!' and then her body began to shake and shimmy, then arched against my weight and tried to lift against my pounding weight as she encountered her first, pain-induced orgasm. Her hands grabbed at my shoulders and then moved them to my ass and pressed against her own movement beneath me. She was gasping and trying to speak but then another ripple of orgasm caught her and she howled, arching again in surprise as her body taught her a new previously unknown level of pleasure. I focused my strength and weight on her pelvis and forced it firmly onto the bed. Liza lifted her legs and wrapped them hard around my body, around my waist, surrendering to the fire suffusing her ass. Her ass began to twitch, hunching against me with short strokes while I ground my cock into her. My hands released her ass and I found her hands. Clasping them, I pulled them over her head and stretched her hard, smoothing the arch in her back which rolled her ass up to me, seating my cock deeply into her body. Liza groaned. Her hips continued their rhythmic pounding up at me, driving my cock over and over into her body. I moved my hands to her shoulders and began to thrust again into her from a new angle, withdrawing as far as I could, as far as her legs would allow me. I pulled at her shoulders at the same time I arched my body which created a deep penetration again. I repeated this over and over. I felt the orgasm begin and switched my hands to her ass. Liza screamed as I fucked into her while my cock swelled with pleasure. My head dropped beside her and my hands clasped at her ass. We both twitched and she began to cum again. I continued to come into her cunt till I was spent, at which point I collapsed. 

After a few moments, Liza was still as well. I slumped off of her body and she immediately rolled onto her side and laid her head on my shoulder. "Holy fuck." Val said from the chair. I glanced over and saw her clinching the arms of the chair. She had not moved since she sat down. "You are right. Watching someone get fucked is awesome! Are you going to finish up with her ass? I'll get the lube." 

Liza lifted her head. "Yes. Holy fuck." She repeated. Then she turned to look over at Val who was already in the bathroom. "Did she say . . .? My ass?"

"Your turn, my dear." Val brought me the bottle of lube then volunteered to bring us wine, which seemed like a good idea. She did and half an hour later, Liza finished her glass and descended down my body with hands and lips till my cock was in her mouth. She sucked and cajoled till I was erect. She then assumed the position and arched her back. 

Val finished her wine and picked up the lube. I shook my head and pointed at the belt, discarded and lying beside her chair. Her eyes became wide and then she went to it and picked it up. But she shook her head. 

Liza turned to look at her, her eyes became wide as well. "He is going to make me fuck Ted, Valerie." Liza said softly "I am going to fuck him so that he thinks you are nothing but a blow-up doll." Liza smiled then and then lowered her head. "Beat my ass, Val."

Valerie shook her head, smiled and got the cuffs and without a word hooked Liza up to the bed again. "You will enjoy this, I assure you." She said. Val looked at me again. "I'll be right back." She danced out of the room. "Do not touch her till I get back." I shrugged and walked over to the chair and sat down.

I waited. Ten minutes later Valerie appeared. I had dozed in the chair but Liza was hooked to the bed and could not easily relax. Valerie had a bag. She set it down. "Liza, I believe you want to fuck my husband." She said softly, moving up beside Liza on the bed, standing beside her. Val leaned over and grasped one of Liza's huge breasts which hung below her body, massaging and pinching it. I went to the other side of the bed and did the same to Liza's other breast. After a few minutes of this attention, Liza groaned a deep in her body. Her back arched and then her hips spasmed, striking forward as we both pulled at her breasts Valerie let go of her and picked up the belt. She walked over and handed it to me. 

Liza's head pivoted, looking around, then between her naked legs, then around at me. Her eyes became round when she saw the belt once more in my hand. I smiled and put and arm around Val and kissed her hard on the mouth. She returned it with gusto, pressing her clothed cunt against my thigh. I pulled away from her, turned her in my arms and kissed her neck. Valerie signed and tipped her head aside to allow me access. Instead, I whispered. "I am going to beat her ass, fuck her ass and then you will have to eat her pussy. Go, sit and watch. She is going fuck your husband tomorrow. You will stay here and fuck me." 

I shoved Val toward the chair and turned my attention to Liza. "Close your eyes, Liza. If you open them, I will have to start my count to ten all over again." She nodded, closed her eyes and turned her head back to the wall. I lifted the belt and struck her once across the buttocks. Her ass shook with the blow and Liza grunted. "Count." I said. 

"One. Thank you, master." She said out loud and clear. I liked her thinking. I struck her again. "Two. Thank you, master." Liza responded. I waited, waited and waited. Twice her head seemed to move towards me, she wanted to open her eyes and look. Her head dropped and the belt fell on her great ass again. It shimmied. Liza shuddered and pulled her ass down. I hit it again and she arched her back. "Three. Thank you, sir. Four, thank you, master." I struck her again. "Five, thank you master." Again I waited till Liza sagged. The belt fell on her ass again. I walked over to Val and handed her the belt. "Strike her when I put my cock in her mouth." I whispered. 
