 Ian walked into the kitchen, where his wife Kelly was preparing lunch. He embraced her from behind and kissed the side of her face. "Hiya sweetie," he said.

She turned in his arms and kissed him open-mouthed, thrusting her tongue against his. 

"Well that was a bit unexpected," he said, once they'd eventually stopped seemingly trying to eat each other.

"Sorry. Well, not sorry, but you know what I mean."

Ian noticed her flushed face and, glancing down, could clearly see her nipples straining against her tight white t-shirt. She seemed massively turned on for some reason.

"You okay?" he asked.

"I'm so fucking horny you wouldn't believe," she said. "I was talking to Charlie earlier." Charlie was the eighteen year old daughter of the couple next door. "I could swear she was coming onto me. She was telling me about her boyfriend, then started talking about previous boyfriends. And girlfriends."

Ian's eyebrows rose. " Really?"

"Yeah, she then told me that all her previous girlfriends and boyfriends had been her own age, or thereabouts, and that what she really wanted to do was try it with an older woman. Or an older man. Or both. I gotta tell you, I started to get a bit moist and my nips just pinged out. You know I can't control the fucking things." She peered down at her chest where the fabric was very obviously dented.

"Did she notice?" Ian asked.

"Well, going by the way she stared at them, yes she did. Couldn't take her eyes off them."

"Wow," Ian said. 

"Then, she went bright red and said she had to go home. I was kinda disappointed. I was just about ready to jump on her."

Ian laughed. "Well, you've never been backward about coming forward have you?"

In their fifteen years of marriage, they'd had a number of dalliances with other women. Either Kelly by herself, or with the both of them. 

"Actually," Ian said. "I know exactly what you mean. I was mowing the lawn the other day and she came out to do a bit of sunbathing wearing the tiniest bikini you've ever seen. There were tits everywhere! She wandered over and started chatting. I had to hide behind the lawnmower so she wouldn't see the massive bulge in my sweats."

"You know what? Bollocks to lunch," Kelly said. "Let's go upstairs."

While they were upstairs, they told each other what they would do to Charlie if they could get their hands on her. They came up with a plan for Ian to submit to her seduction then have Kelly 'surprise' them together.

A Few Days Later

Charlie moved slowly up and down on Ian's cock. Ian gripped her hips, trying to force her to go faster, but she wasn't having it and grabbed his hands and moved them to her forty inch tits, nipples aching to be caressed. Ian obliged and filled his hands with them, kneading them and pulling on the thrusting nipples.

"Well, this is all very friendly," came a voice from the doorway.

Charlie let out a little yelp as she looked at Ian's wife, Kelly, and tried to climb off of Ian. Ian, however, wasn't willing to let her go and grabbed her by the hips once more, forcing her down.

Kelly approached the bed, unfettered tits jiggling against the semi-transparent white silk blouse and the nipples denting the fabric, until she stood at the side, within reach of Charlie. Kelly looked her up and down, lingering on her tits. Eventually, she reached out and ran a palm across one of her erect nipples.

"Very nice, " she whispered. "Very nice indeed."

Charlie looked down at Ian, who just grinned at her. "What the fuck?" she asked.

"Kelly told me about the little chat you had the other day. And I told Kelly about you flirting with me when you were sunbathing last week."

Charlie looked at Kelly, eyes flicking down to her tits. "Oh, you like them do you?" Kelly asked, following Charlie's gaze. She cupped her tits and squeezed them so that they bulged against the flimsy covering, the nipples poking against the cloth. She moistened a finger and ran it around a nipple until it was clearly visible through the blouse.

Charlie's breathing deepened as Kelly moved closer to her, bending slightly so that her nipple was millimetres from Charlie's mouth. Charlie poked her tongue out and licked at the nipple, then closed her mouth around it and sucked it into her mouth.

"Suck it, flick it with your tongue. You've been dying to get them in your mouth for ages haven't you?" Kelly said. Charlie did so, then switched to the other, while Kelly reached down and grasped Charlie's tits and started to massage them, flicking and rolling her fingers around the jutting nipples.

Kelly pulled back, leaving Charlie, still impaled on Ian's cock, gasping in erotic pleasure, mouth open. Kelly bent and clamped her mouth onto Charlie's, sucking the tongue into her mouth. She reached down once more to maul at Charlie's tits, then broke off the kiss and her mouth latched onto Charlie's nipples, one after the other, sucking them into her mouth and rolling her tongue around them. She drew back and blew gently, causing the aureoles to crinkle from the cold and making the nipples even more erect.

Charlie ran a hand up the inside of Kelly's leg, under the short black skirt, until she reached the junction between Kelly's legs. She was delighted to discover, through the flimsy knickerss, that it was shaved, as was her own. And soaking wet, as, again, was her own. She traced the lips beneath the cloth, then moved the knickers to one side so that she had unhindered access. She inserted a finger in Kelly's delightfully moist cunt, stirred it around for a while then removed it and offered it to Kelly. Kelly took the digit into her mouth and licked her juices from it, then kissed Charlie again.

Kelly moved back and stood looking at Charlie. Her skirt had ridden up, revealing the damp crotch of her knickers. Her face was flushed and her nipples were thrusting against the damp silk that covered them.

Ian pushed Charlie off him and pushed her onto her back and spread her legs wide. Charlie thought that he was going to dive in tongue first, but, instead, he got up and stood next to his wife, an arm around her waist. "Wank for us."

Charlie grinned, but did nothing, teasing them both.

"Go on, start wanking," Kelly demanded. "Stick your fingers up your cunt and start thrusting. You could get at least three up there. You're certainly wet enough." 

Kelly's hand drifted towards Ian's cock, which had reduced to a semi-erect state. She pulled the foreskin back so that his glans was revealed, a bead of pre-cum dangling off the end. She smeared the pre-cum over the head, then started to wank him in earnest.

Charlie's breathing increased and a flush spread across her upper chest. Her hands, which had been lying across the bed, moved to her tits, pushing them together and kneading them. The nipples were cherry-red and sticking out a good inch from her aureoles. Her hands crept down her stomach. She placed them either side of her cunt and pulled the lips apart.

Ian moved the hand that was around Kelly's waist up to her tits, and squeezed gently. He popped a couple of buttons and placed his hand inside. Kelly undid the remaining buttons and eased the blouse from her shoulders, exposing her thirty eight inch beauties to Charlie's avid gaze.

Charlie's breathing increased still more and she thrust two fingers into her cunt.

"That's my girl," Kelly gasped. "Go on, wank that cunt. Get your juices flowing. Get another finger in there."

Charlie did just that, while using the thumb from her other hand to massage her clit. She stuck the fingers that had been up her cunt into her mouth and licked the juices from them.

Kelly couldn't take any more and dived between Charlie's legs and stuck her tongue up her cunt.

Charlie screamed as Kelly lapped away at her. She grabbed Kelly's head and mashed it into her cunt. "Lick me, you dirty bitch!"

Ian got behind Kelly and unbuttoned then unzipped her short skirt to reveal her bum, clad in a pair of see-through knickers. He eased them, and the skirt, down her legs. Kelly lifted each leg in turn to allow Ian to remove them, leaving her stark naked, arse in the air as she knelt on the bed. He ran a finger around her cunt lips, before inserting it, then another, then another into her sopping wet cunt.

Kelly gasped, but carried on licking Charlie, paying particular attention to her clit, strumming it mercilessly, until a ferocious orgasm tore through Charlie, her juices flooding Kelly's face.

Ian replaced his fingers with his tongue, licking up and down her slit, then waggling his tongue against her clit. He climbed up onto the bed and lined his cock up before thrusting into her to the hilt. He bent forward and cupped her generous tits in his hands, squeezing them and pulling on the nipples.

Kelly started to ease herself up Charlie's body. Slowly, so that Ian could shuffle along and remain inside her. She spent a bit of time tonguing Charlie's navel before moving up once more until she reached her tits. She pushed them together and alternated sucking each nipple. Moving up once more, she reached Charlie's mouth and stuck her tongue inside, swirling it against Charlie's.

Ian was still inside Kelly and was now able to finger Charlie's cunt. Two, then three fingers went inside her and Charlie moaned into Kelly's mouth. "I want to taste your cunt," she said.

Kelly allowed Ian to slip out of her and moved up Charlie's body and knelt astride her face. She reached down and pulled her cunt lips apart. Charlie poked her tongue out and prodded at it, sticking it in as far as she could, then pulling out and flicking it against Kelly's clit.

Ian got behind Kelly, running his cock up and down between her arse cheeks. He reached around and cupped her tits, squeezing them so that the flesh bulged between his fingers. 

Charlie lapped away at Kelly's cunt until Kelly orgasmed, flooding Charlie's face with cum. She pulled away from Ian, lay next to Charlie and licked her juices from Charlie's face, before kissing her deeply.

Ian knelt on the bed between them and offered his straining cock to where the two mouths joined. Both girls licked at the head and shaft, occasionally kissing each other when their tongues happened to meet.

Ian scooted down then thrust into Charlie. Kelly remained where she was, fondling Charlie's tits and occasionally kissing her or sucking on her nipples.

"I'm gonna come," Ian gasped after a while.

"Shoot it in my mouth," Charlie demanded, so Ian straddled her chest and positioned his cock a couple of inches from Charlie's mouth. Kelly reached out and grasped it and started wanking it briskly. It didn't take long before Ian threw his head back and fired a torrent of spunk straight into Charlie's mouth.

Kelly milked Ian's cock until his orgasm had diminished. Some of the spunk had landed on Charlie's face, so Kelly licked it all up and went to kiss Charlie. She was delighted to find that Charlie hadn't swallowed the spunk in her mouth and, when Kelly clamped her mouth onto Charlie's, Charlie pushed a wad of spunk into her mouth.

Their tongues swirled together, then were joined by Ian's. Charlie's eyes widened in surprise, then she allowed Ian to suck some of the spunk out of her mouth which he then transferred to Kelly's. They kept this up until all three mouths were fully coated.

They lay back on the bed, sated for the time being.

"When will you be ready to go again?" Charlie asked Ian after a few minutes, fingers idly toying with her cunt.

"Be a few minutes yet," he replied, looking down at his wilted cock.

"Girl's insatiable," Kelly commented, while slowly stroking her moist slit.

"Come here," Charlie said to Kelly, opening her legs wide and pulling her cunt lips apart.

Kelly moved up to Charlie, then flipped around and planted her cunt on Charlie's face, while her tongue delved deep into Charlie's.

Ian stroked his slowly hardening cock. It was looking like it wouldn't be very long at all before he would be ready for action again.

The girls licked at each other, faces soon glistening with girl-spunk.

"I've got an idea," Charlie said, suddenly. "My boyfriend probably isn't doing anything at the moment. I bet he'd love to join us." She looked at Ian. "Plus, he's really into sucking cock. You seem to like the taste of your own spunk, but what about someone else's?"

Ian's cock gave a little twitch at this. Truth be told, he did fantasise about sucking a cock and tasting another man's spunk. The more he thought about it, the harder his cock became, until pre-cum was oozing liberally from his cock. He smeared it down his shaft and started to wank, his cock now fully hard.

"Woah," Charlie said. "Don't waste it. Let me ring Pete and see if I can get him over here."

She climbed off the bed and walked naked across the room, arse jiggling delightfully, to where her phone was in her handbag.

Kelly, meanwhile, lay down next to Ian, idly toying with his cock. She bent down to lick some of the copious pre-cum from his cock, before kissing him and transferring it to him.

Charlie returned to the bed. "He'll be five minutes. I'll go wait downstairs to let him in." the fact that she was naked didn't matter. The house was a large detached and the trees around the property meant that nobody could see in from outside.

Ten minutes later, a naked Charlie was standing next to a fully-dressed Pete at the bottom of the bed. Pete's grey jogging bottoms were bulging hugely at the front. Charlie removed his t-shirt then crouched down behind him and in one swift movement, dragged his bottoms down. His cock twanged when released and almost slapped him on the stomach.

"Oh my God, that's fucking beautiful," Kelly gasped, as she took in the glorious eight inches bobbing around in front of her. Charlie, now standing behind Pete, reached around and grasped his cock. She pulled the foreskin back to reveal his deep purple helmet, glistening with pre-cum. Kelly simply couldn't resist and, sitting on the end of the bed, plunged her mouth down onto it. It tasted wonderful! She licked around the head, before taking it, and about five inches of the shaft, deep into her mouth.

Charlie left them to it for the moment and crawled onto the bed. Ian was holding his cock upright and Charlie sank down onto it, leaning forward and offering her generous tits to Ian's mouth. He encircled each nipple in turn, lashing them with his tongue and sucking as much of her tit into his mouth as he could. Charlie moved up and down slowly, enough to keep him hard, but not enough that he would shoot his load any time soon.

"Want to try, Ian?" Kelly asked from the bottom of the bed.

"Yeah, go on Ian, " Charlie said as she climbed off of Ian. "Suck his cock. It's really tasty."

Ian, feeling somewhat nervous, moved the the end of the bed and sat next to Kelly, who took Pete's cock from her mouth and held it out to him.

He was shaking, actually shaking, with lust, his heart going ten to the dozen. He reached out and touched another man's cock for the first time in his life. He couldn't believe how hot it was, or how heavy. He moved his hand back and forth slowly, the helmet coming into view then disappearing. A bead of pre-cum emerged and he poked his tongue out and gently touched it. The taste was tangy, much like his own, but slightly different to his own. He ran his tongue around the head, gathering all the pre-cum, then took the whole head into his mouth. Pete moaned and involuntarily moved forward, several inches of the shaft disappearing into Ian's mouth.

Ian's cock was now rock hard and he couldn't help but grab hold of it. His hand was immediately awash with pre-cum, which he smeared down the shaft. The musky smell drifted up and he breathed it in. After only a few seconds, he had to stop or he was going to shoot all over Pete's legs. He could think of a much better place for it to go.

Pete was almost on the point of coming, so pulled his cock from Ian's mouth and stepped back. His glistening cock was straining almost vertically, the veins standing out and the head a dark shiny purple colour. "Sorry," he said. "Don't want to spunk just yet. Not until I've had a taste of that," he said, looking down at Ian's cock.

Ian shifted back on the bed and lay with his legs splayed, cock pointing at the ceiling. "Help yourself," he offered.

Pete got onto all fours and took Ian's cock in his hand. It was about the same length as his own and maybe just a tiny bit thicker. It was beautiful to look at and his mouth started to water at the prospect of putting it into his mouth. He slowly stroked up and down the shaft, then engulfed the head. He licked up all the pre-cum, then moved down until he had the whole thing in his mouth, his nose pressed against Ian's pubes.

Kelly and Charlie were standing at the side of the bed watching the action. Kelly climbed up onto the bed behind Pete and started to lick his arsehole. She licked a middle finger and inserted it gently until she reached his prostate, which she began to gently massage. The effect on Pete was immediate, as pre-cum started to ooze from his cock. Charlie had managed to squirm her head underneath Pete, so that his cock leaked the pre-cum straight into her mouth as she nuzzled at the head.

With a finger still in Pete's arse, Kelly moved her attention to his dangling balls, running her tongue around them, then sucking each in turn into her mouth. Charlie was still busily sucking his cock, but her position was such that it was beginning to feel a bit uncomfortable, so she stood up and stood at the side of the bed, drinking in the sight of her boyfriend with a cock in his mouth. She spread her legs and started to rub her cunt with one hand. The other played with her tits, squeezing them and pulling and rolling the nipples between her fingers. Ian reached out and added his fingers to the ones in her cunt. 

"Let me taste it," he said. Charlie straddled his head, facing towards his feet, and lowered herself onto him. Ian immediately pulled her cunt lips apart and thrust his tongue inside. Charlie bent forward and took Ian's cock from Pete's mouth and ran her tongue around the slick head. Pete joined in and added his tongue and then Kelly appeared and Ian had three tongues lashing his cock. This was too much stimulation for any man and, without warning, a stream of spunk shot out of his cock and splashed down onto the three faces above it. Spurt after spurt emerged until all three faces were almost covered. They took turns to clean each other until their faces were clear and their mouths were coated.

Charlie removed her cunt from Ian's face and flopped down onto the bed next to him. She'd had several orgasms thanks to Ian's incredible tongue and needed to take a break. Ian and Charlie shuffled backwards until they were sat up against the headboard, leaving most of the bed clear for Pete and Kelly to go at each other. 

They wasted no time doing so. They knelt facing each other and kissed lasciviously, mouths open and tongues writhing together. Kelly's nipples poked into Pete's chest while his rock-hard cock nuzzled against her cunt. He reached around and grasped her buttocks, kneading the flesh and pulling the cheeks apart. Kelly reached down and grasped Pete's cock, moving her hand up and down and running her thumb around the head, smearing his copious pre-cum around.

Kelly pulled away breathlessly and flopped onto her back sideways across the bed, legs splayed. She pulled her cunt lips apart. "Fuck me," she demanded.

Pete held his cock and lowered it to her waiting cunt. He ran it up and down the slit a few times, then slapped the head onto her clit. He continued to tease her mercilessly until she was whimpering with need. Pete grinned evilly.

"For fuck's sake, get in in there!" Kelly ordered.

Pete lined his cock up with the entrance and held it there. Kelly started to thrust upwards, desperate to be filled. Pete pulled back each time, keeping tantalisingly out of reach.
