 John and Paul had come to get to know each other via an online chat website. They quickly realized they had a lot of common interests, and were each married to an open and sexually adventurous wife. It wasn't long before they were chatting with their wife about the other couple, and from then, things progressed rapidly. Soon they were all text messaging each other, chatting freely and openly and sending pictures. There were several live video streams of their sex sessions for the other couple to enjoy.

Within a couple of months, they all agreed that they wanted to have some cross-couple fun, and so prepared a plan for a weekend get together. It was agreed that Beth would head to Paul and Jane for a weekend, and that at some stage, Jane would head to John and Beth for a weekend. Each woman knew that they would be expected to be completely compliant with the other couple's wishes. To get the ball rolling, Paul sent John a few "directions" to get Beth prepared for her trip south.

So, about 5.30 one Friday night, John dropped Beth to Brisbane Airport for a 2 hour interstate flight to Melbourne. Earlier, she had been given some instructions. As the car pulled in to the curb, John turned to Beth and asked if she had complied. Beth said yes, and so, with a quick kiss, he wished her a fun weekend. Beth climbed out and headed to her gate to board her flight.

Just before 8.00 p.m, Jane and Paul parked the car and walked across the bridge to the airport terminal. Their near new black Chrysler Grand Voyager Odyssey, while a luxury family wagon, would serve a different purpose tonight. It had recently been fully tinted, so that no one could see in. Earlier that day, Jane had taken it for a detail, and then configured the middle row of seats. She had removed the seat immediately behind the front passenger seat, and rotated the seat behind the driver so it faced rearward. This meant the wide, bench-third row had much more legroom, was easier to access, and was in complete view from the driver's rear view mirror. Just before they left home, Jane loaded a small bag in to the boot, ready for the ride home.

The flight from Brisbane was on time. Beth walked from the aerobridge straight up to Paul and Jane. She gave them each a quick peck on the cheek. She was wearing a bright red coat, covering sheer black stockings and black heels. Paul commented on how nice the jacket was. She said she had followed John's instructions to the letter - she was only allowed to wear on the flight things that were visible to the public. So, that meant she couldn't wear panties, or a bra. Paul said that he and Jane would shortly be checking on her compliance. Paul told her to give her handbag to Jane. Beth looked perplexed. Jane reminded her that the conditions of the weekend were that she comply with everything asked, without question. Beth nodded, and handed over her handbag. Jane opened it and searched to make sure there were no panties or bra hidden in there that Beth may have removed prior to landing. After she was satisfied that there were none, Jane opened her own handbag and took out a small velvet bag and placed it in Beth's handbag. Paul told Beth to go to the rest room and open the velvet bag. She would then know what to do.

Beth walked towards the nearest ladies toilets and found an empty cubicle. She closed the door and sat down. She opened the bag and studied its contents. The first thing she picked up was a light blue jelly anal plug. Not too big, not too small - it looked like a good size.

Next, was a purple Lelo Lyla 2 vibe. The tiny wire told Beth that this was a wireless model, with Paul or Jane no doubt having the remote. Finally, there was a tube of lube.

Beth knew what was required of her. She removed her jacket and hung it on the back of the door. She then lifted the lid on the toilet seat, sat down and spread wide. She let a steaming hot stream of golden piss go, feeling much better for emptying her bladder. She patted herself dry, and then opened the tube of lube. She spread a health amount on her index finger, and then a little on her anus. In one quick motion, she sunk her finger into her arse until it was all the way in. She moved it around a bit, and then clenched hard as she removed her finger, leaving most of the greasy lube inside herself. She picked up the butt plug and smeared a dollop of lube on to the tip. She placed the tip at her puckered arsehole, relaxed and drove the plug in. The lube meant that it easily slid in. It filled her arse nicely, and she felt her pussy moistening as her enjoyment began to grow. 

She adjusted the plug until it felt snug, and then moved her fingers forward, spreading her wet lips. She circled her clit a few times before slipping her finger into her waiting hole. It was warm and wet, ready for the next item of pleasure. She placed the vibe at her entrance and slowly pushed it in. Her pussy widened and then engulfed the vibe, leaving just the antenna sticking out. Now she felt very full, but very horny. She knew this was the beginning of a wonderful weekend. She licked her finger clean, and then stood up. She squeezed her legs together and lifted each of her legs up one at a time, making sure the items were snug and comfortable in their wet homes. Satisfied that they were where they should be, she put her coat on, popped the lube back into the velvet bag back and put it in her handbag, flushed and left the cubicle.

Beth exited the rest rooms and walked back toward Paul and Jane. Jane asked for her handbag again. Beth handed it over. Jane opened it and retrieved the velvet bag. She checked it and saw the lube only. She gave the handbag a quick search before handing it back. Jane smiled at Beth, and Beth smiled back. She leant in and whispered to Beth "I have the same in me, and Paul has a remote that controls both."

They watched as Paul slid his hand in to his pants pocket. Seconds later, glorious vibrations filled their pussies. The both grabbed each other's arms for support as the pleasure weakened their legs. But as quickly as the pleasure had begun, it stopped.

"There will be plenty more of that ladies. But for now, let's head home."