 This is the next chapter of a longer story. I recommend reading Pt. 01 first.

*****

Beth walked with Paul and Jane to the arrivals hall to collect her single bag from the carousel. She had decided that clothing would be largely superfluous for the weekend, so she had packed very little. They headed towards the escalator leading back up to arrivals. As they begin to move upwards, Paul hit the remote button again. Both ladies used the moving handrails to steady themselves. Just as they neared the top, Paul turned it off, allowing them to walk normally again.

They headed for the door and walked out, across the pedestrian crossing and in to the air bridge that lead across to the carpark. There were plenty of people doing the same, but this didn't deter Paul. He once again pressed the remote button, and watched as the ladies linked arms to support each other as they endeavoured to walk as normally as possible with their pussies buzzing. Paul smiled, enjoying the control he had. He turned it off as they arrived at the paystation, allowing them to catch their breath. He paid, and they walked to the car. He opened the boot, and placed Beth's bag in the back. He grabbed the small bag Jane had put in there earlier, and handed it to her. He opened the sliding side door and asked Beth to take a seat on the rear bench seat. Jane then climbed in and sat in the rear-facing seat. Paul closed the door and climbed in to the driver's seat. He was going to have fun on the way home -- they all were.

Once Paul taken his seat and closed the door, Jane commanded Beth to remove her jacket. Beth looked out the window anxiously. Jane reassured her. "No one can see in, even with the interior light on." Beth nervously unbuttoned her jacket and lay it underneath herself on the seat. Paul and Jane both stared and smile, drinking in Beth's beautiful D's with perky nipples. Paul told her to spread her legs. Beth complied, opening her thighs to reveal her perfectly hairless pussy. They could see the small wire protruding from her hole, surrounded by her clearly moist lips, topped by a slightly swollen clit, pushing it's way out from her hood a little.

Jane asked Beth to grab her legs behind her knees and lift her legs up high. Paul knew what she was after -- she wanted to see if the plug was in her arse. Beth slid forward a bit, leaned back, and grabbed her knees, lifting up and out. The plug was clearly visible, nestled in between her cheeks. Satisfied, Jane told Beth to let her legs down, but stay in that position. Beth's legs dropped back down.

Jane opened the bag and rummaged around. Beth could here metal clinking inside the bag. Jane removed from the bag four short chains. On one end was a carabiner, the other, a handcuff. Jane told Beth to put one on each wrist, and one on each ankle. Beth reached for them, and examined the cuff. She was familiar with cuffs, but not the carabiner arrangement. Jane gave her a look that said "hurry the fuck up", so Beth quickly snapped one on each wrist, and then lifted up her left leg and snapped the cuff on. Paul drooled as he saw Beth's pussy wet and waiting. He silently and stealthily reached in to his pocket and withdrew the remote. Just as Beth lifted up her right leg to do the same, he hit the button. He saw Beth's pussy convulse as the vibrations sent pleasure through her pussy, she moaned and threw her head back. He saw Jane's legs splay open too, as she relaxed with the pleasure. He let it buzz for about 10 seconds, before turning it off and telling Beth to continue. She gathered her composure and lifted her leg once again, quickly snapping the cuff on to the ankle.

Jane too had regained her composure, and once Beth had clicked the last cuff on, she moved towards Beth. Taking the carabiner on her left arm, she lifted her arm up and backwards towards the anchor point for the left hand side rear seatbelt. Beth watched Jane, and realized now what the carabiner was for -- it fitted perfectly into the metal loop that tethered the belt to the chassis. Jane span the screw on the carabiner to close the gap. She then took Beth's right arm and did the same. Beth was now tethered to the rear of the car. Surprisingly, she felt no discomfort -- the restraints were reasonably comfortable.

Jane then knelt in front of Beth and took the left cuff. Beth had not noticed an anchor point near the door where she had entered the car. Jane clicked her in and closed the screw. She did the same with the left leg. She then sat back in her seat, admiring her handy work. Paul and Jane both studied Beth, completely anchored, unable to move, exposed, pussy glistening. Beth was not quite sure what would happen next, but it excited her.

Paul turned to the front and grabbed his iPhone. He focused on Beth and began to take photos. He zoomed in on her erect nipples, and her wide open pussy. Next, he logged in to his mail, attached the pics, and sent them off to Johnny. The message simply said -- "She is ours for the weekend, and we will explore every aspect of her." 

Paul then turned to Jane and told her to strip. Jane did as she was told -- Paul was clearly the one in charge here. She removed her jacket and blouse, followed by the black mini she was wearing. This left a matching sheer blue bra and tiny g. Paul told her to leave those on. He started the engine and cranked up the heater, keen to make sure the women were comfortable.

Paul reversed the car out of the parking spot and began driving out of the car park. He inserted his card in the pay booth, the boom swung up, and away they went.

Once out on the Freeway, the driving was easier, and Paul could spend his time looking between the road and his passengers. He reached down and unzipped his fly, releasing his hard, circumcised 7" cock. A small drop of pre-cum was on the top. He rubbed it on to his finger and reached back to Jane, who licked it clean.

He reached for the remote and put it near his cock. The remote also had a vibrator built in to it. He turned it on low and tucked it under his balls. He looked back to see the women with their eyes closed and their legs open, enjoying the sensation from the object in their cunts. The vibrations in his balls were making his cock feel wonderful, standing proud and rigid through his open pants. He set the cruise control and relaxed, allowing the pleasure to fill his balls. The girls were clearly enjoying things too. Beth had her eyes closed and her mouth open. Jane had popped one of her C's out of the bra and was tweaking her nipples.

After about 5 minutes of that, Paul turned the vibes off. Beth opened her eyes and smiled broadly. She has already having a wonderful time, and looking forward to whatever else was to come.

Paul called to Jane, who got up and leant over the front seat. "Time to swap", said Paul.

Jane smiled, and turned back around to face Beth. She got down on her hands and kneed and crawled in between Beth's wide open legs, before kneeling up in front of her. Jane reached out and placed a thumb on Beth's clit. Beth moaned with the pleasure Jane's touch bought. Jane's fingers went lower, and slid in between Beth's lips. Her fingers found the protruding antenna, and she gently began to pull the vibe from Beth's cunt. Beth's cunt stretched and then released the vibe with a plop. Jane then sat back in her chair and opened her legs wide. Her sheer blue G was clearly wet from her pussy juices. She pulled the G to one side and removed her vibe too. She then crawled back to Beth, and in one swift motion, drove her own vibe into Beth's wet cunt. Beth moaned loudly from the pleasure the invading toy gave her. Jane gave it a few inward and outward motions to settle it back in nicely. She then returned to the front of the vehicle, but did not get straight back in to her chair. Instead, positioned so that Beth could see, she reached over to Paul and offered him the wet vibe from Beth's cunt. Paul opened his mouth and Jane placed it gently in his mouth, holding it so that he could lick the warm juices from it. This made Beth's pussy tingle with excitement, knowing that Paul was tasting her juices.

Once Paul had licked it clean, Jane returned to her seat, and once again pulling her g to one side, she rubbed the vibe up and down her wet swollen lips before plunging it back inside her cunt. With the press of a button, Paul once again returned everyone to blissful pleasure.

With her pussy being pleasured, Beth closed her eyes again and threw her head back. She did not see Jane get out of her seat, and did not know she had come close, until she gasped with the pleasure of feeling a mouth enclosing her right nipple. The next thing though she didn't expect. Jane pressed her knee hard into Beth's crotch. She began grinding her knee against the slippery pussy, concentrating on the hooded clit. Beth began moaning with the pleasure now coursing through her body from several points. If this kept up, Paul and Jane were very shortly going to see her first orgasm.Jane could sense from Beth's rapid breathing and wet pussy that she was well on the way to an orgasm. She leant back for a moment and turned and looked at Paul in the rear view mirror. He simply nodded, indicating to Jane to proceed. Jane returned her mouth and knee to Beth and upped the tempo, sucking deeply on Beth's lengthening nipple, and pushing harder and faster with her knee. Beth moaned with the pleasure, and began to take short, quick breaths. Moments later she moaned out loud and came, almost stopping breathing from the pleasure she was experiencing. Jane stopped what she was doing and dropped between Beth's knees to watch her pussy twitching as the orgasm continued.

After about 20 seconds, Paul turned off the vibes, allowing Beth's pussy to begin to recover from the first of several orgasms he intended to see her have.

Jane returned to her seat, feeling pleased with herself for being the first to get Jane off.

At the next freeway exit, Paul pulled on to the off ramp and exited. He continued up a little way before pulling in to a side street, pulling up under a tree in a dark spot. He got out and went to the sliding door and opened it. Jane got out, excited by being outside in just her lingerie. Paul climbed in and closed the door. Jane walked round and got in the drivers seat. She buckled up and pulled away from the kerb, heading back to the freeway. "My turn" said Paul...

Paul removed his shirt and trousers. Beth noticed that he had on a pair of sheer black undies, that looked very much like panties. Paul noticed the look on her face. "You like the look of these? Jane buys my underwear for me. They feel wonderful. Why should women be the only one to enjoy the sensual delights lingerie offers?"

Beth could clearly see Paul's hard, cut cock through the sheer fabric. She had to admit, it did look good on. "You know, Johnny wears yours when you're not around.."

Beth's mouth fell open with shock.. "You didn't know, did you..?. Ha, ha, I bet he has a pair on right now."

Paul took out his phone. He message Johnny.. "What are you wearing? Show me please."

Paul said to Beth, "My guess will be... one of your G strings." It only took about 15 seconds for Paul's phone to chime, signaling a new message.

Paul looked at his phone and smiled. He moved close to Beth, and held up the phone for her to see. She gasped -- there was a cock she knew so well, protruding out of the waste band of her red WW g string, with a ball hanging either side of the string. This was a revelation to her, something she did not expect. Surprisingly, it was erotic. She knew that this would be a new step in her's and Johnny's relationship.

Paul took the opportunity to squeeze Beth's tits while he was standing there. They were impressive -- firm, with a wonderful nipple. He bent down and sucked it deep in to his mouth, making Beth sigh with the pleasure it gave her. She would have loved to have been able to return the pleasure somehow, but she guessed she would just have to be the receiver for now.

Paul grabbed her other tit and roughly mashed it. He twisted the nipple. Beth found the combination of the pleasure and pain exisite -- pleasure from Paul's mouth, pain from his fingers. She could feel her pussy getting wet again.

After a little while, Paul pulled away and moved back to his seat. His cock was clearly rock hard. He lent over to Jane and rubbed her tits, flicking her nipples through her bra. He said only one word to her -- "vibe."

She put the car on cruise control, and the shimmied down the seat a bit. She lifted her legs up and open, and dropped a hand to her pussy. She slowly extracted the vibe, her pussy making a squelching sound as it finally popped out. She handed the glistening vibe to Paul, who turned and went and sat between Beth's legs.

He reached up and gave her vibe a couple of gentle pulls and pushes. Beth loved the feeling of it filling her. Paul then moved his hand lower and took took hold of the butt plug. He twisted it in her arse, Beth opening her mouth with the wonderful sensation. Paul began pulling it out, centimeter by centimeter, studying her puckered arsehole as it adapted to the varying thickness of the plug. Finally, the tapered tip cleared her hole. Paul watched it winking, drawing in and out, as if it was seeking the intruder again. Paul chuckled to himself, knowing it would soon be satiated again.

He held up the plug to show Beth, noting that it was completely clean. "Looks like you were a good girl and flushed yourself clean before you left then?" Beth nodded. Paul had given instructions that her rear passage was to be washed out before heading to Melbourne. "Excellent," said Paul. "The only taste we want this weekend is lube, pussy juice and cum."

With that, he took Jane's vibe, placed it at her arsehole, and pushed it in. Beth smiled and sighed, feeling full again. Paul reached to his pants and pulled out the remote.

"Time for another cum," he said. He pressed the on button, and both vibes began their wonderful vibrations. Beth had the added sensation of her back passage now vibrating too. It was like she was sitting on a big Harley. She closed her eyes and gave herself over to the pleasure.

Paul moved forward and undid the two carabiners that were holding Beth's arms up. She dropped her arms, grateful for the release. Paul told Beth to move forward on to her knees, and then bend over, putting her hands down. Beth did as she was told, and Paul took each arm in turn and locked it to a new set of anchor points on the floor. Beth was now in the doggy position, locked in place. Her pussy and arse continued to vibrate. Paul returned to his seat -- which now was directly in front of Beth. "Open up" he commanded to Beth. She opened her mouth and he slid forward, sinking his cock in to her waiting mouth. He grabbed her head, holding it on his cock, as he sat back comfortably on his seat. "You are to extract an orgasm from me now Beth, without my cock leaving your mouth. Get to work."

Beth began to work her mouth up and down Paul's cock. Paul sat back and enjoyed the sensation engulfing his cock, watching Beth as she slid her lips up and down his cock. The movement made her beautiful breasts swing forwards and backwards. "Deeper Beth" he said, so she began to push her face further on to his cock. She now had his purple, squishy mushroom head hitting the back of her mouth. She knew what he would be wanting, so she adjusted the angle of her head and began to let the head begin to slide in to her throat. Centimetre by centimetre, as she moved her mouth up and down, his cock began to travel down her throat. After a couple of initial gags, her throat began to relax as the warm invader pushed ever deeper. Beth could see the approaching shaved skin where Paul's cock joined his body. She knew she almost had it all the way in. She withdrew far enough each time to snatch a breath when needed, before plunging his cock down her throat again. Finally her nose nuzzled against his abdomen -- she had it all the way in. She pushed a bit further, and then began short backwards and forward strokes, the effect being that Paul's cock head received some wonderful manipulation from her warm tight throat. Paul was clearly enjoying this. His breathing had increased, and he was rock hard. Every now and then, his cock head would get a rest as Beth withdrew to breath, but then she would quickly engulf his head again with her throat. He knew it would not be too much longer before he came.

"How are you going back there hun?", called Jane from the front.

"She has me down her throat, and I'm almost ready for my first cum" Paul replied.

"Go babe -- fill her throat with your cum."

That was all the encouragement Beth needed to hear -- she sped up her head movements, and Paul barreled towards his orgasm. He could feel it building in his balls, that growing pleasure that he knew, despite his best efforts, he would not be able to hold back. "Here we go Beth.." he said. She gave a nod, and then started humming. That was it -- the added vibration from her throat was all that was required. Paul's cock swelled, and then began gushing his warm white liquid in to her throat. Beth kept still, but kept up the humming. Jerk, after jerk, after jerk resulted in more and more cum being deposited in Beth's throat. She swallowed, feeling the warm liquid heading for her stomach.

Paul's cock finally ceased spewing cum, and Beth, needing a breath desperately, slowly began to withdraw it from her throat. She kept her lips wrapped securely around Paul's cock until just the mushroom head was inside her lips. She swirled her tongue over his head, licking it clean, before leaning back and letting his cock leave her mouth.

"Excellent Beth. Your mouth will be required to give many orgasms over the next couple of days. I'm glad your throat is able to relax."

Paul then slid from his seat, and climbed in under Beth. He latched a mouth on to one of her breasts and began sucking. Beth lowered herself so that he did not have to strain. She now had a warm mouth on her breast, with a tongue flicking her nipple, which seemed to be linked directly to her clit. She then felt the vibes go up a notch -- Paul must have pressed the button. She was now feeling wonderful pleasure, and knew that another orgasm would soon be upon her.

Paul continued to suck on her breasts for a while, alternating between the two, drawing her nipples in to long elongated nubs.

"Hey you two.. what about me?" called Jane from the front seat.

Paul realized that he had indeed been neglecting his wife, so he slid from under Beth and lent over to Jane.

"Which one?" he asked her.

"Mmm..." said Jane... "cunt I think."

Paul smiled and moved to the back seat. He smiled at the wonderful vision in front of him -- Beth kneeling, her head down now, on her elbows, her arse high in the air. He could see the antenna of the two vibes clearly, and the juices glistening on her pussy from the pleasure they were giving her. He leant forward and pulled on the one in her cunt. It slipped easily from Beth. Once it had cleared her hole, he watched the skin and muscle winking, as if it was trying to suck it back in. He switched the vibe off for a moment, and then licked the tip, savouring the taste from deep within Beth. He then moved forward to Jane, turned it back on, and handed it to her. She quickly slipped it back in to her pussy, groaning with the pleasure she was now receiving too.

"Don't crash!" Paul said to Jane, before returning to the back seat.

He quickly knelt behind Beth and placed his hard cock at her opening. With one easy push, he slid in her to the balls. Beth moaned with the pleasure of being filled with a hard cock. Paul began to slide in and out of Beth, relishing the feeling of her hot cunt. Beth was in heaven... a hard cock pumping her, and her arse being filled with the vibrating pleasure. She could feel her orgasm building.
