 A thousand thanks to Lovelyinlingerie for the editing.

*****

At last, the time to meet with the couple we'd been chatting with for such a long time had arrived! We'd met through a dating site and clicked immediately. As time had passed, we'd opened up and shared some of our fantasies with one another. What intrigued us most was that there was an underlying competition between the four of us.

In the beginning, we saw it as a game. We looked for ways to feed that competitive feeling with a lot of teasing and daring. The best part was that they caught up with us and they proved to be really good at playing along. After a while, we began to get increasingly intense with our competition.

One night, John suggested the idea that we should try having a sexfighting contest between us in order to prove which couple was the best.

Everyone loved the idea, and we started searching the Internet to learn more about sexfighting and be prepared for our encounter.

After many websites and videos, we felt that we had a complete understanding of what sexfighting was and how to do it.

We would meet in about fifteen days, when they were coming for a short vacation in our country.

The days passed with small talk and great anticipation.

With Peggy (my wife), decide to work out for the occasion and we start jogging for our cardio. At the same time, we started to try to force each other to orgasm as a preparation for the upcoming fight.

Personally, that was my favorite part of this whole very arousing and stimulating situation!

In reality, it is very difficult to extract an orgasm from your opponent as you try to keep her pinned down. The way to victory is to get in his/her mind, plus, that we were going to work as a team- one couple against the other. 

The last week before our meet passed with a lot of conversation about the strategy, which aroused us so much that we ended up fucking like crazy!

What surprised me and aroused me the most was Peggy. It was like she was born for this. She was comfortable and a natural, with graceful movement that overflowed with sexuality. I knew that John and Mary would be in trouble with her. Even I, who knew her weaknesses, was struggling to overpower her.

But let me describe you Peggy a little. She is a 5'10 brunette with all the right curves. Dynamic, with a smile that brightens my world. Her breasts are big and heavy and they invite you to slide your cock between them and get lost in their softness. Her body is tight and feminine. She turn heads everywhere she goes. She is a Woman with a capital W.

What impressed me was how much that style suited her. She was aggressive- without wasting any time she used her assets to seduce her rival and overpower him. She knew very well the effect her heavy tits and her luscious lips had. What was driving me crazy, though, was the dirty talk that she was using at every opportunity she had. She was provoking me even though I had the upper hand. That game made us reach new heights of lust.

Finally the message we had been eagerly waiting for arrived. 

"We've arrived in Athens and we are at the hotel. How about tomorrow noon?"

Peggy read it because I was working, and she called me, he voice overflowing with excitement.

"Finally our fantasy will be fulfilled", she said, her voice quivering from arousal. From that moment onward, I couldn't think of anything else.

That night at home was sexually charged like never before.

The next day I took my day off and we planned our meeting. Peggy was glowing and as I looked at her, I couldn't stop thinking about how beautiful and sexy she was.

The time to leave and meet them has arrived and after a short drive we were at the hotel. We sat in the lobby and asked the reception to call them.

After short time, we saw a beautiful and charming couple walk towards us. He was tall, with a hard body that belied many hours spent at the gym and a warm smile set into a handsome face. She was blonde and very feminine, although a little shorter than I'd imagined. Her face radiated sexiness. 

They were both smiling as they approached us, and after the introductions, Peggy hugged Maggi and kissed her gently on her lips. Some people around us looked surprised but the girls laughed and walked towards the exit. John and I looked at each other and followed them.

At the restaurant, we chatted as though we had known each other for years. After a little while, the conversation turned to sex and our ongoing competition. After a short time, we were all noticeably aroused. Maggi's nipples showed plainly through her blouse, and John and I were constantly readjusting because of our hard-ons. Of course, Peggy was aroused too. Her nipples were like bullets through the thin material and I caught her rubbing her thighs together as she was sitting. The sexual tension was thick in the air and we were enjoying it.

I looked at John, and in mutual agreement, we nodded to each other that it was time to continue on to the house. I let them walk out and I paid the bill. They caught a taxi, sliding into the backseat together and leaving me to sit beside the driver.

During the drive, the jokes and the laughs were constant. At one point, I turned my head and I saw John's right hand between Peggy's legs and his left hand between Maggi's. I looked at Peggy and she smiled to me as she bit her lips, a move that has always turned me on. The taxi driver didn't seem to be paying attention, but even if he did who cares?

We arrived at our home and we entered the apartment. All this time Maggi's sweet little ass was jiggling in front my eyes as we climb the stairs and I couldn't resist giving her a playful slap that brought a burst of laughing out, among us.

We sat down at the sofa and Peggy brought the drinks. As she was serving John he reached and let with his fingertips brush inside her thighs. Playfully Maggi slapped his hand away and put hers in it's place, brushing it higher.

After some time passed, I led John to the room that Peggy and I had prepared for the fight. It was spacy comfy and totally empty with a thick carpet from side to side. Also there were gym mats covering the bottom of the walls. The big door to the balcony was open wide but soon it will be closed with a heavy curtain obstructing anyone from taking a glimpse inside. The room was also air-conditioned and actually a little chilly. John was satisfied and called Maggi to check it out. When she saw it, she started to jump and clap her hands like a little girl. At that moment, I thought that she had no chance against Peggy not only because of the weight and height difference but also cause of her attitude. She gave me the impression that she loved being dominated. I kept those thoughts to myself because I didn't want Peggy to be overconfident and underestimate her.

From the moment that John and Maggi saw the room things proceed fast. Almost immediately we start to talk about the sexfight and they told us their experiences and how they got hooked with this. Soon we are all aroused and we couldn't wait to start.

I led John and Maggi to the next room to change into what they called their "uniforms". Peggy and I also changed; me in a black tight swim suit and Peggy in a black thong bikini with matching top. She was very sexy with the thong deep in her ass and her heavy tits spilling out of the thin straps that tried desperately to hold them. I couldn't help it as I brushed my fingers over her pussy and kissed her mouth. My cock was visible under the thin fabric and I felt her hand grab my hard-on. 

The door opened and John and Maggi walked in both dressed in red. John's was similar to mine and Maggi was in a string bikini with matching top that, like Peggy's, left nothing to the imagination. I felt my cock getting harder just looking at her.

We entered the fight room and began to discuss the rules.

First and basic rule is that we don't try to hurt each other in any way. Our goal is to have fun. So scratching, biting or punching is not allowed. Only holds and slaps.

Winner is determined by forced orgasm or a pin until the count of ten.

If one of the couple is eliminated the one who remains has to continue the fight with the other couple alone.

A person can tag his partner in the fight. Tag teaming is allowed for one minute. 

Looser couple will be sexual slaves for the winners during the weekend

We flipped a coin to see who will start and the women got ready. John and I walked to our corners as Peggy and Maggi got in the center.

Peggy turned and sent me a kiss and then turned to John and winked at him as she licked her lips. Maggi turned and blew a kiss to me and then suddenly reached with both hands and took Peggy's nipples in her fingers. Just like that the fight was on.

Peggy was surprised and a moan escaped her lips but without delay reached and grabbed Maggi's hair and pulled her closer kissing her wild in her mouth. John and I started to shout support and cheer for our wives. 

As Peggy has her lips locked with Maggi's her hand slid lower over Maggi's ass and grabbing her strings pulled hard, shoving the thin fabric deep in her pussy lips forcing her on her toes.

Maggi yelped and immediately brought her lips on Peggy's left tit, biting her nipple softly over the thin fabric, as her right hand dropped between Peggy's legs. Peggy pushed her luscious ass back, trying to avoid Maggi's fingers. 

Maggi is obviously experienced, and stays glued to Peggy as she uses her fingers to pull Peggy's thong to the side and rub her clit. Peggy throws her head back and moans loudly. The sight is so sexy. Seeing my taller, bigger, wife getting worked over by a smaller woman had me rock hard. 

I yelled to Peggy not to let Maggi do that, and Peggy snapped back to reality. Suddenly she releases Maggi's string and grabs her wrist, pulling Maggi's fingers off her dripping pussy. I can see Maggi's hand is all shiny, covered with my wife's juices. 

As she still holds Maggi's wrist she executes an arm twist, forcing Maggi to turn her back to her as she tries to ease the pain from the hold. Peggy raises the twisted arm higher, forcing Maggi to bend over forward. With her left hand, Peggy started to slap Maggi's ass forcing small cries from Maggi and turning her ass red. 

Then she slides her fingers across her ass-crack down to her pussy where the string hangs low from the stretching exposing her wet hole. Peggy turns her head from me to John as she pushes her fingers into Maggi, starting to finger her with deep strokes. 

Maggi knows that she is in difficult position as John knows it also. Peggy's fingers seem to have the desired effect as Maggi starts to moan louder any second. The sound of her wet pussy being fingered fills the room. I urge her to fuck Maggi faster and she turns to look at me with a smile as she glows, clearly loving her dominance. 

As she fingers Maggi, she guides her closer to John, mocking him. At that moment Maggi stomp on Peggy's right toes and Peggy yells from the sudden pain as she drops to her left knee releasing Maggi from the arm twist. She tries to rub her toes to relieve the pain. Maggi tags John in and he springs on Peggy wrapping his arms around her and slamming her on her back. Peggy tries to free herself planting her feet on the thick carpet but as she do that Maggi dives between her legs. With John holding her down and Maggi between her legs is not long before she starts to moan as Maggi eats her out. I was worried but I managed to start the timer for the minute of tag teaming. John has her arms pinned above her head and his crotch is pressed on her face.

"Time" I yell and Maggi reluctantly slides out between Peggy's legs with her face full of my wife's juices. She winks at me as she licks her lips. "I can't wait to do that to you" she taunts me. I felt my cock twitch at the thought. 

Returning my eyes to the fight I see John grinding his crotch all over Peggy's face as he taunts her. "You like that little bitch?" "Soon I'm going to fuck your throat", "I'll give you a cum bath slut'. As he grinds his cock is extremely hard and his cockhead sticks out from the band of his swim suit and I could see drops of precum smear on Peggy's face. John brought Peggy's arms together above her head and hold them from her wrists with his left hand. 

With his right pulled his suit lower exposing his big fat cock and heavy balls. He started to slap her face with his swollen cockhead. Peggy tried to avoid the cock slapping and I could see her anger in her eyes for the embarrassing position she was in. 

I was urging her to bridge out, to do something to escape but she didn't seem to listen to me. Then John left his cock, and reaching he grabbed a handful of my wife's beautiful, fleshy, orbs. He took her nipple in his fingers and started to pinch and twist on it. Peggy let out a loud moan and she squirmed hard. She opened her mouth and she took John's cockhead in. She started to suck hungrily and I could see her cheeks hollow as she was blowing him. That caught John by surprise, my guess is that he got too cocky and he gasped from the sudden pleasure. 

Now I know Peggy and believe me when I say that she can give a killer blowjob. Her lips were sealed around his cockhead and I'm sure her tongue was working overtime on his glans- right on his most sensitive part, under his cockhead. John stayed still for a seconds trying to stand the overwhelming sensation. 

Suddenly Peggy jerked hard and she managed to take John deep in her throat as he seemed to lose his balance and lean forward. As she did that her hands got free and she wrapped them around John's waist as she started to bob her head back and forth taking him deeper. I cheer for her, and turning my head I see Maggi with a worried look on her face. Peggy's fingers slide lower than John's waist to his ass and from the moan that escaped his lips I knew she was fingering him. 

It was a hot sight to watch. It was wild and naughty, and I had to fight the urge to start stroking my cock. My wife Peggy was a goddess of sex, a maenad that no one could escape, and John was about to find that out. I could see in his face the struggle of feelings. He was surrendering to her, second by second. Maggi, in a desperate attempt, runs next to him and yells to escape. John looks like he is waking up from the trance and with a final effort grabs Peggy's head and pulls his cock out of her mouth. His cockhead is all purple and swollen as strings of Peggy's saliva like a spider's web cover it. Peggy sends her finger deep in his ass and he springs forward over her and crawls in all fours trying to catch his breath. His cock dangles between his legs letting a trace of precum on the carpet. I knew that he was very close and I didn't want to miss the chance of taking him out. Every moment that was passing gave him time to regroup. 

I yell at Peggy to tag me in and smiling she stood up and tagged me. Fast, I charged at John. He was with his back on the corner of the wall and as we tangled I pulled him towards the center. Peggy was next to me, and as I managed to pull him, she got behind him and wrapped her fingers around his shaft. 

She started to stroke him fast as I reach and pinch his nipple. John moaned and drops his hand and grabs my hard cock. He starts to stroke me fast and leaning over he takes my nipple in his mouth. I didn't expect that, as we'd never discussed anything about man-on-man sexfighting. That caught me by surprise and I back stepped- a little confused.

"Time" shouted Maggi and I saw Peggy retreat into our corner. John used his advantage and pushed me on the wall. As he slams my back on it, he spreads my arms to the sides and fall to his knees. 

He looked in my eyes and smiled wickedly as he took my cock in his mouth. I was so aroused that I couldn't think. His head bobbed back and forth and suddenly he let my cock slip from his mouth and he attacked my balls hungrily.

I moan and grunt as he knows very well what he is doing. Maggi smiles and Peggy is worried. She yells to me to get out and fight him and hearing her snaps me back to reality.

I grab John's hair with both hands and I push him off. I let my weight fall on him as I stand and I slam him on his back at the carpet. Peggy keeps urging me to fight him and force him to cum. As we wrestle on the carpet he tries to escape and as we both roll I end up topping him as he lies on his belly. 

He squirms and jerks under me. I grab his legs as I slide on his lower back and I apply a Boston crab hold on his right foot. As I apply the pressure he grunts and his cock swings free. I secure the hold under my armpit and with my right arm I reach and grab his cock starting to stroke it slowly with long slow strokes. I keep stroking him and from time to time I increase my tempo taunting him. I play with him and I love it as I feel in total control. 

John stretches his arm trying to tag Maggi as I have him trapped. I know he can't reach her but to my surprise Maggi jumps from her corner and slaps John's arm as she lands next to us. "She is one tricky little devil" I think, but the tag is legal. The next moment I feel her arms wrapped around my neck and I'm pulled back forced to release John. As I fall on my back Maggi quickly straddles my face and plants her pussy on my mouth as she spreads her legs for balance. She has a hold on my wrists when suddenly I feel my legs spreading and wetness on my cockhead. 

I can't see anything as her pussy and ass cover my face. The sensation is strange like I'm blindfolded and the mouth on my cock and balls does a great job. Gives them a tongue bath along with expert stroking. I hear Peggy's cries to hold on and not to cum but I can't answer her through muffled sounds. 

Suddenly I hear Peggy's voice shouting "Time" and the mouth that worked me over so expertly leaves my cock alone. But that is just for a moment, as another one engulfs my pulsing cockhead and this one works magic. In agony, I try to think as Maggi slides a little forward and the light hits my eyes as I take a deep breath filling my lungs with air. Right in front of me is her beautiful ass and her sweet wet pussy. Without second thought I push my face against her and my tongue finds its way in her dripping hole. I hear her moan and I start to lap fast and hard on her clit causing her body to stiffen. 

"That's it baby work her, tongue that slutty pussy", Peggy urges me, her eyes wide with arousal and competitive excitement. 

Maggi lets out a yelp as my finger enters her ass, and suddenly lunges forward escaping my invading tongue and fingers. The next moment Peggy is next to me reaching with her hand to tag me. I tag her in and she is on Maggi in a heartbeat. I follow her and we both grab Maggi who is struggling to defend herself. I grab her by her hair and I roll her to her belly. Peggy sits on her back and apply a Boston crab with Maggi's legs and under her armpits. With her hands free starts to finger her exposed pussy as I kneel in front her head and I shove my cock in her mouth. Muffled moans fill the room as Maggi is violated from both of us. John in agony looks at the watch for time as Maggi come closer and closer to a shattering orgasm. 

"Time" John shouts and I reluctantly withdraw my pulsating cock from her mouth and I step in our corner. Maggi sucks air with big gulps as Peggy works her stretched hole. Her body quivers as she seems that her need for release has overpowered her will for win. Her hands form fists and her face shows the pure lust that floods her. Suddenly Peggy stops her fingering and turning to John taunts him. 

"Watch how I'm going to make your little slut cum". And with that, she slaps Maggi's exposed cunt landing her palm on her swollen clit. Methodically slap after slap lands with precision at Maggi's most sensitive part and Maggi only grunt as she is unable to form a word. As Peggy continues the devastating slapping at Maggi's clit with every slap her body jerks more and more violently until suddenly "OHHHHHHHHHHHH, FUUUUCKKKKK, CUMMINGGGGGGGGGGGGG", and a violent orgasm explodes. John looks surprised at his wife as she still jerks and squirms cumming endlessly as Peggy never stopped slapping her cunt even as she orgasms.
