 I want to thank Slipperywhenwet for the beautiful work she did in editing my story. She was fast, accurate and a pleasure to work with. 

Also I want to thank DaddysLittleStrawberri, for her willingness to help me too. 

*****

A couple of months passed since our fight with John and Mary and I have written the story of our encounter and posted it in an erotic story website. One day, an email came to my account asking me if we were available for another sexfight. 

At first I thought that someone was just messing with me and I didn't respond back. After the third email, though, I thought to give it a try and see if they were serious. I wrote them back that we are available if they meant what they wrote in the emails. 

It was a couple from Holland, Michael and Hanna. They said that they have been in Greece in the past for holidays and they plan to visit again over the holidays. They have already booked a small house in Parnassus and they asked us if we were willing to join them for a week. I told them that I had to discuss it with Peggy and see if we can match our vacation time with theirs. 

Peggy was kind of hesitant at first because our encounter with John and Mary went so well that she thought it would be hard to match it. I think that she wanted to keep that beautiful memory untouched and not risk to ruin it with a disappointing sexfight. 

I didn't share her view on the matter and I had the feeling that this could be better than our previous one. Since I was the one who exchanged emails with them I had a better opinion about them and due the time we talked the confidence that we would have great time was growing in me. 

Our email exchange was steady sharing thoughts and ideas of how our fight would be hotter and better than the one with John and Mary. Still, Peggy wasn't eager to meet them, but as the time passed she agreed to give it a thought. 

Of course I was doing my best to arouse her reminding her the great time we had with John and Mary and also by pushing her buttons one by one. Challenging her if she could do to Michael what she did to John and that she might be afraid of Hanna. Of course those were cheap shots from me but I think that they did the work for her. 

After a while we agreed to exchange photos and for first time I saw them. Michael was a beautiful black man and Hanna a beautiful blond with short hair. I loved the idea of facing them and I knew that Peggy would be at least curious especially for him. Another thing was that they were younger than us. And by younger I mean that I am 48 and Peggy 45 and Michael was 38 and Hanna 37.

From the pics they look really good and in shape. Michael was 195cm and his weight was 90kg and Hanna matches Peggy in height at 178cm and her weight was 68kg. They both looked cut with great muscle definition. 

I have to tell you since both Peggy and I don't consider ourselves models we had reservations if they like us. When they answered that they liked our pictures and how we looked, a weight lifted off our chests. 

Then Michael surprised me asking me how I felt about bisexuality. I haven't thought of that and I was kind of hesitant. I asked him what he meant by bisexuality. He told me that he doesn't mean penetration but stroking or even sucking between men. I told him that is something that I haven't done before and I am not sure how I feel about it. We left it at that and we kept discussing our meeting.

Time was flying fast towards our meeting and we start to have skype meetings where things start to grow hot and heavy describing what will do to each other and provoking our challengers. They were a beautiful couple and very open with their sexuality. We ended up having sex in front each other all this time exchanging threats of how they will be our bitches and that they are no match to us. 

They caught up great and they returned everything back creating a beautiful and hot atmosphere between the four of us.

Hanna was a beautiful woman with short blond hair and a beautiful body. Not as curvy as Peggy but with two beautiful heavy set of breasts at 38dds matching Peggy in that part. A tight small ass for her figure and beautiful long legs. She had a small patch of blond hair right above her pussy and everything else was shaved. What I loved was that she had freckles on her face and breasts.

Michael was shaved too and he had a beautiful physique. He was cut and toned with a six pack. He had his head shaved with a small goatee and his smile was broad and genuine. When he stood up naked Peggy let out a gasp of surprise as his cock was big and was hanging down his mid thighs even as he was limp. He was thick with a big pair of balls all shaved.

Hanna grabbed it and started stroking it as we watched until he got in full hardness about 23 cm. He had a veiny shaft and a big shiny bulbous cockhead. I have to tell you that I felt a little intimidated as I am about 19cm but also thick and veiny. 

I know that they knew the effect that they had on others and took full advantage of that against us. The good thing was that I saw the familiar look in Peggy's eyes. The competitive one plus a hunger that I didn't knew she felt. From that point every meeting we had in skype ended up in hot steamy sex for all of us.

Finally the day of their arrival came and Peggy and I went to the airport to pick them up and head for the small mountain house they were renting. The weather was cold and rainy and the place we were heading was covered in snow. After exiting the gate of arrival, it took only a few minutes for the ice to break and after the introductions we all got in our car and left. 

Michael sat beside me and Peggy and Hanna sat at the back seat. After a few hours of driving we finally arrive at the small house early in the afternoon. I was expecting them to be tired but it turned out that they weren't. The house had two bedrooms and two bathrooms. It was a two story house with the bedrooms and one bathroom at the upper floor and a huge space with fireplace and the dining table at the ground level with the other bathroom. The kitchen was separated from the dining room with a small stone bench. 

The place was beautiful and secluded with big glass doors that overlooked the forest. It was also stocked with food for more than a week. It was the perfect hideout for what we had in mind. Quickly we took our things in our bedrooms and we took showers. 

Michael and Hanna surprised us as they emerged from their bedroom covered only in towels, as Peggy had put on a small nighty and I was in sweats with a t shirt. We look at them and laughed teasing them that they were eager to fight. 

They laughed back and said they were usually naked around the house and that they put on the towels for us. 

I look at Michael and Hanna. Smiling broadly, I grab the waistband of my sweats and I push it to my ankles revealing my semi erect penis. Then with a mocking expression on my face I throw it with a swift kick to Hanna. Peggy winks at me and without hesitation she grabs the straps of her nighty and peel them to her arms letting it fall to the floor exposing her beautiful naked body. 

I approach her and kiss her lips as my hand grabs her beautiful curvy ass. We both turn to Michael and Hanna smiling. Not to be outdone Michael unfolds his towel and making a little dance slowly lowers it until the fabric covers only the bottom of his abdomen and let just a part of the base of his cock showing. Hanna steps behind him and slides her hands below the towel and grabbing his cock starts to swing it slowly from left to right letting his cockhead form a tent as it grows to full erection. When he is at full mast stands vertical holding the towel like a flag. I have to say that I was impressed.

Hanna stands in front Michael as she pulls his towel and holding hers like a curtain doesn't allow us to see his cock sinking in her pussy. Michael grabs her hips and slowly but firmly starts to fuck her with long deep thrusts as she looks at us. I am harder than ever with their show and passing my fingers from Peggy's pussy I feel how wet she is.

Hanna has her legs spread as she is bend over and when Michael thrusts all the way in her she lets the towel fall and we see his balls touching her pussy lips. As he begins to draw back I see his thick shaft glistening from her pussy juices. He takes it all out and his angry swollen cockhead shines under the lights. He grabs her by the hair and pushes her on her knees and steps in front of her. Still holding her hair he starts to rub his cockhead all over her face as she flicks her tongue trying to taste him. Then roughly he pushes his cock in her mouth and starts to fuck it hard. We can see her throat bulge as he pushes as deep as he can.

I have to say I was kind of intimidated from their show. I look at Peggy and I see her licking her lips and her hand is at her pussy slowly stroking her clit. I step behind her, cupping her hand with mine I start to rub my fingers on her pussy. I can feel her body tremble and her legs shaking as Michael with a grunt pulls out and start to shoot thick ropes of cum all over Hanna's face. She moans loud as she cums and Michael and Hanna turn to look at her smiling broadly knowing that their show has brought her in that state. 

Michael help Hanna stands and he is kissing her all over her cummed face. Then to my surprise walks over to Peggy and kisses her sharing his cum with her. As he kisses her, I feel her body quiver in another orgasm and I realize that this fight will not be an easy one.

My cock is hard and throbbing and a drop of precum is formed in the slit of my cockhead. Michael to my surprise steps behind me and grabbing my elbows bring them together behind my back and passing his left arm inside he locks them. With his right hand grabs my throbbing cock and starts stroking letting his thumb rub all over my sensitive cockhead. I am so aroused from their show and how he kissed Peggy that I just moan loud and against my will I start to shoot stream after stream high in the air, letting Michael drain me until the last drops of my cum dribble on his hand. Releasing me as I breath deep all spend, he brings his cum covered fingers to his mouth tasting me. "Mmmmm tomorrow I will have more of that," he says looking at me. And then bursts to a loud laugh as Hanna hugs him.

That night the sleep didn't come easy for me. Thoughts that this time we would probably end up losing never left my mind. I kept thinking of how Peggy and I, let them get the upper hand prior to our fight. Of course the laughs and the sounds of hot sex from the next room didn't help my confidence. Finally I was able to sleep trying to regain some strength for the upcoming fight.

The sun rays wake me up as they fall on my eyes and turning towards Peggy my arm falls to the empty sheets. She isn't there and as I woke up completely I scan the room for her. Not seeing her I stand up and head to the bathroom to have a quick shower. After my shower I put on a short and head down to the kitchen.

They are all there having breakfast. And they are all naked. Peggy and Hanna sit on the table and Michael serves them pouring hot coffee in their cups. They are all in a great mood and as I take a sit next to Hanna, Michael brings me a fresh cup of coffee and leaning next to me whispers to my ear but loud enough to be heard around: "Hanna and I can't wait to fuck you both today."

I look in his eyes trying to think of something to say but no words form on my lips. As I take a zip of my coffee. I look at Hanna who winks at me and licks her lips. 

I smile and looking at Peggy I say: "I need more coffee first," and we all burst in laughs.

We had a slow beautiful morning chatting for everything and we have found out that we had a lot in common. Although there was an age gap we had similar interests and similar ideas. As we got to know more about them I have to say that we were "seduced" in a way and that affirmed that we have made the right choice to meet and play with that couple. Peggy and I felt that they had the same feelings for us. That made both of us eager for the upcoming fight.

Finally after we arrange the room for the fight the time has come. We stood all naked the four of us discussing the final rules:

No punching, biting or scratching allowed.

Slaps are allowed but not in the face.

No kicks.

No blows to the genitals except moderate slaps.

Whoever cum is out and the remainder has to face the other couple.

The winner will be the last one who will cum.

Tags are allowed during the fight 

Double teaming is restricted to one minute

The losers have to satisfy the winners any way they're instructed.

As we take positions in our corners Hanna turns to us and says: "I have a suggestion" and runs to their room and comes back with a bottle of baby oil in her hands. "Let's oil up our genitals and breasts to make them harder to grasp. What you think?"

I look at Peggy and she turns to Hanna "Harder to grasp or easier to slide in?"

"Whatever," says Hanna "Are you chickening out?"

"I am not a chicken" says Peggy "Either way I am going to feel that thing" says pointing to Michael's cock. "But I also have a suggestion."

"What is that?" Hanna asks.

"We are going to apply the oil to the opposite sex opponent. You agree?" Says Peggy smiling seductively.

"No problem" says Hanna and steps to me. She kneels in front of me and grabbing my cock pours a healthy amount of oil on it starting to stroke it with long strokes. Her left hand cups my balls squeezing them as she rubs them playfully as I start to rise to full mast. She keeps stroking me until I am hard all the way and as she finish she leans over and kisses lightly the head. 

"I think he is ready" she says as she stands and pour oil on her breasts. The oil forms a line as it drips on her pussy. Without hesitation I start to rub her beautiful heavy breasts taking special care of her nipples getting them hard. I put on a show working her over and then slowly I lower my fingers to her pussy. I take the bottle of her hands and spray right on it as my fingers start to slide along her pussyslit. I make sure the whole area is well lubricated and I push a finger deep in her wet hole bathing her insides.

"Mmmmmmm there is no need for that," she says as she looks in my eyes "I am all wet inside."

Then I turn her around and my fingers slide along her asscrack making sure that her asshole gets a thorough rubbing slowly inserting my finger inside. She pushes her ass back to my finger and she moans. I make a mental note to work her ass, as it seems that is a sensitive spot for her.

"Ok you two lovebirds" Peggy cuts in as she takes the bottle and walks to Michael. She stands in front of him and looking in his eyes she pours oil on her beautiful heavy breasts. Then she pushes them together and presents them to Michael. "Show me what you can do Big Man" she challenges him.

Michael looks at her and licks his lips. His palms cover Peggy's breasts and he begins a slow sensual massage that seems to have an effect on Peggy. She looks at him seductively and he pinches her nipples which make her lick her lips. He leans over and with the tip of his tongue teases her hard nipples flickering on them. Peggy smiles as she sees that. 

Then suddenly he reaches between her legs and grabs her pussy. He pass his thumb over her hard clit and let his fingers explore her wet hole. Peggy lets her head fall back as he starts to work her pussy. I can see his glistening with oil fingers, protrude between her thighs as his hand slides along. She turns and bends over grabbing her asscheeks and spreading them for him. 

He looks at me as he pours oil right in her exposed asshole and then slowly sinks his finger in her. He starts to fingerfuck her asshole when suddenly she reaches behind her and grabs his wrist stopping him. With authority she grabs the oil bottle from his hand and drops to her knees. With one hand grabs his cock and with the other pours oil along his shaft. She puts the bottle down and her hands circle his cock. Her right hand is glued to his cockhead making circular moves right at the sensitive head while her other hand strokes him with long slow strokes.

Now is Michael's turn to moan as Peggy works him expertly. Hanna and I watch intensely the show that unfolds right in front our eyes. I can see Michael's legs shake as Peggy torments him. His cock shines under the light of the Sun that showers the room. He is hard with his veins pulsing as Peggy works him over. She stops her stroking and leaning over she takes Michael's cockhead in her mouth and slowly let it slide out making sure her teeth grind on it as she looks in his eyes.

Michael moans loud from Peggy's naughtiness and for first time I see a crack in his armor of confidence. 

Satisfied Peggy returns to our corner and she kiss me passionately.

"Did you enjoy the show?" She asks me.

"You were magnificent" I whisper in her ear, boosting her ego.

With that we both turned and look at our opponents. Hanna stepped forward waving at Peggy to join her. 

"Here we go" I said and I patted Peggy's ass as she walked to the center.

Michael imitated the sound of a gong and the women were at each other in a flash.

Hanna went for a front headlock but Peggy manage to sweep her arms to the right and wrap hers around Hanna's waist. She pulled her on her body hard. The sound of the slamming flesh filled the room. 

With a fast move which I didn't expected Peggy placed her right foot behind Hanna's left and tripped her to the thick carpet. Hanna let out a scream as she fell on the floor. Peggy didn't release her and follow Hanna's body to the floor crushing her under her weight.

A loud "Oumffffffff" came from Hanna as Peggy managed to slide her right thigh between her legs. I was surprised by Peggy's speed and her ability to almost pin down Hanna so fast.

I saw Peggy pulls her thigh away from Hanna's pussy and then slam it in there hard not just once but three or more times, All this time Hanna was struggling to push Peggy of her but she had the disadvantage from her position. Peggy all she had to do is let her bodyweight do the work for her. And that is what she did. 

Methodically she extends her left foot away of her body to keep her balance over Hanna's squirming body. With a calmness which I haven't seen before she grabbed Hanna's left nipple and began to twist it hard. I could see the pain forming on Hanna's face. Peggy would release it and then slap it hard almost to the limits of the 'moderate" slaps that we have agreed. All this time Peggy had managed to lock Hanna's left arm under her armpit and hold her right wrist with her left behind her head to the floor. That let Peggy's right hand free to work over Hanna any way she wanted.

I didn't expected from Peggy to control so easy Hanna so fast in the fight and that really made me happy and built up my confidence. Peggy turned to me and smiling she said:

"You want to see me play with her pussy baby?" She teasingly asked me. 

Of course I nod my approval and Peggy with one swift move placed her hand on Hanna's pussy. Then turning to Michael she pushed her finger deep in the wet oily hole. She started to put on a show for Michael as she kept fingering Hanna who was moaning loud. I could see that Michael was not happy with the show but for me was great. Peggy leaned over and kissed Hanna hard forcing her tongue in Hanna's mouth although Hanna tried to pull away. A pinch on her clit from Peggy's fingers had her immobilized so Peggy did a number on kissing sucking and licking her lips.

"She is nothing but a fuck slut Loukas," said to me as she slapped Hanna's pussy a few times.

I looked at Michael and he was steaming as his beautiful wife was Peggy's toy. It seemed that Peggy had the total control over Hanna and that it was a matter of time until the beautiful blonde would cum and quit the fight. But as Peggy was working her pussy faster and deeper Hanna managed with her left hand to grab Peggy's hair and pull hard as at the same time planted her left foot to the thick carpet and jerk her body upwards violently. 
