 Chris and I are very attached as a couple and have been together for 18 years. Our sex life has always been very passionate, creative, and I think we both find it immensely rewarding. Over the years we have shared many of our fantasies with each other, one of which lately, was going to an actual swinger's club and just seeing what it was like. I am very much into exhibitionism and it always turns me on imagining other people watching me have sex and exposing myself to strangers, both men and women. Chris for his part likes the voyeuristic idea of watching me with other people and he certainly likes my exhibitionist side. 

After one very hot and exhausting sexual romp we decided to try going to a private swinger club about an hour from our home. The plan was just for us to go and check out the place and the other couples and let the sexy atmosphere charge us up for some hot sex later on. Just the potential to watch and be seen in a public, sexual situation was enough for me.

We planned out our night and set off for our adventure. After checking into a hotel nearby I changed into a sexy pants suit outfit that Chris always liked on me. It's sexy but not too revealing. I put on a very skimpy thong and the great part is I don't have to wear a bra underneath the top. Chris put on a nice pair of pants with a collared shirt and we set off. 

It was a pretty basic place in a warehouse district. It was a two-level affair with a dance floor, bar (BYOB), and it has a second floor balcony on one side that contained a group room and sofas where people could sit, play, and look down at the dance floor.

The lower level also had a few private rooms and a dungeon area with a padded, restraining table for anyone who wanted to play the domme and sub game. The DJ booth was a voyeur's (and exhibitionist's) area where a long window looked over a small group room with a padded floor and some pillows. 

We were both excited and very nervous as we parked in front of the club. We had brought our own alcohol and mixers since the place is BYOB. We had no expectations and we told each other that we could just wander around and watch and if we felt uncomfortable at any point we would just leave. 

After paying the cover charge to get in we walked into the main room. There were already about 20 or so people there. It looked like mostly couples around our age but there were also 3 or 4 couples who were definitely 5 to 10 years older. Everyone was well dressed but most of the women wore pretty revealing outfits while the men were dressed similarly to Chris. Thankfully we were able to grab a table over in the corner after scanning the room. Since we were both still pretty nervous we were glad to get a place that was out of the way and allowed us to observe all the people without having to be in the middle of everything. After Chris got some plastic cups and ice from the bartender, we made up some drinks to build up our courage or maybe just to loosen us up a little. We spent the next hour or so watching some very dirty dancing on the dance floor. I pointed out to Chris a scene on the stage past all the dancers. Two topless women were dancing with each other. They weren't exactly young and gorgeous but they were clearly having a good time.

Chris leaned over "This is fun." 

I had to admit I was having a good time and I could tell Chris was to because he suddenly took his hand and brought it up to my chest to casually play with my nipple through my top. I took his hand off, kissed it, and put it right back to let Chris know I was comfortable with what he was doing. 

Chris kept leaning over and would reChris on a couple he found attractive and then ask me who I liked watching. 

There was one couple in particular that I found very hot and sexy. The man looked to be about Chris's height but with a slighter build and salt and pepper sandy brown hair. The women was very attractive, and while she was not skinny carried her weight very well. They were both dressed nicely and she had on a short skirt which showed off her very sexy legs, a feature I knew Chris would like she also had on a very low-cut top. 

"I think they are pretty sexy", as a quietly pointed out the couple.

"Oh yeah?" Chris asked turning to me. "Do you find the man attractive?" 

I blushed and said yes. 

"How about the woman?" he asked.

"Yes." I giggled she's cute too.

"Oh this is going to be fun tonight!" Chris exclaimed as he took another sip of his drink.

They were around our age but danced very slowly grinding against each other and running their hands up and down their bodies. I like the way they moved together and we could definitely tell they were putting on a show for everyone. Part of me wanted to go up there and do the same but I was still too nervous to be doing that yet. There were also two women wearing miniskirts sitting on the low stage in front of the dance floor. They were sitting, legs spread, letting anyone see their bare pussies. Obviously, we had never seen such a scene before. After a couple of drinks we noticed that the couple we had been watching had left the dance floor and went through a door to our right.

About a minute after they left Chris asked me if I wanted to go and see where they went to. I took a quick gulp of my drink and even though I was very nervous I was also highly turned on by everything we were witnessing in the club. I was really excited about the idea of going to see what was happening in the rest of the club.

"Come on, let's see what's back there." Chris said. "We came all this way and I know I really want to go and explore." Chris practically begged.

Since I too wanted to see more, I readily agreed. "Ok. Let's go."

We went through the door and a short distance down the hall we saw a sign over the doorway the said "voyeur's room."

We walked through the curtain and we came into another small room with a large window on the right. The couple we had been watching on the dance floor were in there as well. The woman was standing in front of the man leaning back into him and I could see she was grinding her ass very slowly against him as he had his arms rapped around her. They were staring through the window which had a bluish tint and gave off very soft lighting that allowed us to find our way in. As I turned, I could see there were three couples on the floor of this group room. I kind of gasped when I first saw what they were doing.

I had clearly never seen people having sex before, especially not three couples in a hot, sexual session of cock sucking, pussy licking, and outright fucking. I looked raptly at the scene through the window just a few feet from us.

The room we were in was quite small so Chris went and stood behind me so he could see better. As we watched I could feel his breath on my neck and I could also tell I was breathing heavier too. One of the women was on her hands and knees sucking a guy's cock while another man was behind her licking her pussy. As she started moaning and shaking he got behind her and slowly started to slide his cock into her. 

"That is so hot." Chris whispered in my ear. "I bet you wouldn't mind switching places with her?"

At this point my nipples were hard and my pussy was getting very wet because Chris was right. I did find the idea of having two men fuck me while being watched a very exciting turn on. I then felt Chris start to run his hand over my ass and as I looked over I saw the other couple in the room with us were looking at the scene in front but also they were looking over at us from time to time.

I turned my head towards Chris, "they are watching us." I panted.

"Just let them." Chris said. "I like that they want to watch us and I think they want us to watch them too."

As I looked back over the man had now slid the woman's skirt up exposing her ass to us and he was running his hands over her ass and up the slit of her pussy. It was then that I saw they were both staring at me with smiles on their faces.

I was transfixed on the scene and couldn't believe we were standing within a few feet of total strangers watching them play with each other. By this time the woman had now put her hand behind her and was openly rubbing the man's cock through his pants.

"Are you having fun?" Chris asked. I turned to him and as he leaned down we passionately kissed while he pulled me into his crotch pressing his hard dick against my ass. 

I was very turned on at this point and only slightly surprised when Chris kissed my neck and whispered again into my ear.

"Pull your top down so they can see those gorgeous tits of yours. I'm sure that man would love to see them." Chris hoarsely whispered.

I was hesitant at first but my lust was such that I really wanted to expose myself to this couple. I slowly reached up and as I started to pull down the halter top Chris quickly grabbed my hands.

"NO. Look over at them while you do it." He demanded. The idea of watching them while I exposed myself to them along with Chris's very dominant attitude now had me so excited I think I would have done anything he asked at this point.

I looked over and as I caught their eyes I pulled my top down feeling the cold air wash over my nipples and making them harder than ever and almost ach in pain.

"Keep watching them." Chris again ordered as I felt his hands slowly slide up my body until he was running his palms over my breasts and nipples. 

I couldn't stop myself and moaned loudly as I almost came just from everything that was happening. 

The other couple were watching us intently as their breathing got very shallow. Then the man whispered something to the woman's ear. She didn't reply back but just shook her head yes as she kept her eyes on us watching voyeuristically. He then pulled her top down exposing her breasts to us and started to play with her nipples just like Chris was playing with mine. Chris was now lightly kissing my neck and ear as he continued to rub and tease my nipples. 

I then reached around and found Chris was very hard and started rubbing his dick through his pants. 

After a minute or so of this very erotic show we were putting on for each other Chris then told me to take my hands and play with my tits all the while keeping my eyes on the couple. As I did this, I felt Chris slowly slide his hand down my stomach and into my pants. Since I was wearing a very skimpy thong for the evening Chris was quickly able to slide his hand over my pussy and feel how wet I was.

"Oh. You are going to cum soon if I don't slow down." He laughed. 

At his touch on my pussy my knees bent and I almost fell to the floor. An incredible orgasm ripped through me and if it wasn't for Chris holding me up I would have collapsed.

As I started to recover from my very quick and intense orgasm the woman turned and started to unbutton the man's pants. I was a little uncertain about this but also still very turned on.

"Is this ok?" I whispered to Chris.

"I want to watch what happens next." He replied.

The woman pulled out his dick and as the man leaned back against the wall she proceeded to jerk him off. This was very erotic especially since the man was looking at me the whole time she was doing this. I could tell he was getting turned on watching me and staring at my tits while the woman pleasured him.

Then he spoke to us for the first time.

"Can you play with your tits again?" He practically begged as the woman stroked him.

I was so turned on that I didn't even check with Chris but I raised my hands to my breasts. I just kept eye contact with him as I lightly teased my nipples. 

I was in for another shock when I suddenly heard Chris speak.

"Do you want to watch my wife play with her tits for you?" 

"God yes." The man moaned as he watched me cup my tits ad squeeze them together rubbing the nipples with my thumbs.

"Tell her what you want her to do." "she's my cum slut and I want her to do whatever you tell her to." Chris growled.

I couldn't believe what Chris had just said but I do have to admit it made my pussy tingle and I was now more turned on than ever. Being called a cum slut and told to do whatever this strange man told me to do was getting me very hot.

"Suck on your nipples while my wife jerks me off." He commanded.

As if in a trance, without hesitation I leaned down and pushed my nipple into my mouth sucking on it as I watched his wife with his cock in her hand. The man leaned back and closed his eyes for a second as he was now getting very excited and I could tell he was close to cumming.

"I want to cum on your wife's tits." He asked as he looked at Chris. 

I was startled by this but even more shocked when I heard Chris say. "You heard him slut. Go and get on your knees in front of him and hold your titties so he can cum on them."

I looked back at Chris slightly shocked at this but a huge part of me really want to do it. 

Chris just looked into my eyes. "Go. Now." He commanded.

I didn't need more prompting and stepped over to the couple and dropped to my knees so that his cock was level with my face.

"Yes, Kim. Jerk my dick all over her tits." The man told his wife.

She was now kneeling very close to me and she slowly stroked his cock which was only inches from my tits. "You have gorgeous tits" he said as I looked at his dick. 

He then asked me "do you want me to cum on your beautiful tits?"

"Yes." was all I could say before he started to cum. His wife Kim continued to stroke his cock as he shot stream after stream onto my tits. His cum landed on both my breasts and my nipples and I could feel the warmth of it on my hands.

"Now its my turn to return the favor." The man said.

"Kim lick her tits clean." And with that the woman proceeded to lean over and start licking and sucking all of the cum off my tits. I was so turned on that I grabbed her head and held her as she sucked on my nipples. I then felt her hand slide into my pants and under my thong so she was now fingering my pussy and clit.

I couldn't wrap my mind around the fact that a total stranger had just cum on my tits and now his wife was sucking my tits and playing with my pussy. The entire scene was so erotic that I quickly started to shake and moan as another earth-shattering orgasm rocked through me.

As I started to recover from my second orgasm we noticed another couple had been watching us through the curtain behind us. The four of us straihteed up and started to walk out of the room. The other couple smiled at us, "that was a lot of fun to watch. Thanks for the great show." 

They were an older couple I would say in their late 50s but were well dressed. The woman had on a sexy tight dress and the man was very distinguished looking.

The couple we had just "played with", oh my gosh I can't believe we had just done that said they were going back to have another drink and asked if we would join them. We said yes and that we already had a table and they were welcome to sit with us. The older couple also asked if they could sit with us since by this time more people had shown up at the club and there were few seats available. I also suspected they were hoping to have some of their own "fun" with us.

Since they seemed very nice we readily agreed.

As the six of us squeezed around the small table we made more drinks and started to introduce ourselves. Kim and her husband Steve said hello and surprisingly I didn't feel awkward around them considering I still had Steve's cum drying on my tits and Kim had just played with my pussy. The other, older couple were Tom and Karen. We learned that although this was our first time here the other couples had been here before and had some pretty exciting "adventures" in the past. Like us they came at first just to watch and then use the atmosphere to rev up their personal sex sessions but they too got so turned on they played with others pretty quickly.

"Well we didn't plan on doing anything", Chris said looking at Steve and Kim "but just watching you guys got me very excited."

I blushed at this but had to admit that I didn't regret what I had just done.

The six of us had a fun time watching more of the dancing going on. I made a reChris to Kim that Chris and I enjoyed watching them dance earlier and at this Steve jumped up, put his hand out and asked if I would like to dance. I looked over at Chris, since we had agreed earlier to check with each other on what we did tonight, and he just shrugged leaving the decision up to me. 

I was nervous about going out on the dance floor but I also didn't want to insult Steve. We headed over to the floor and started to dance to some fun 80's music. Then the music slowed and Steve moved into me holding me tight while the lights on the floor dropped. 

In the low lighting Steve got "braver" and I felt his hand move from my back down to my ass. He started to squeeze my ass and whispered "I love dancing with you knowing my cum is still all over your tits." 

I melted at this and honestly got very excited to hear him say this. I too liked feeling this man move his hands over my body in full view of everyone in the room. As I looked over to our table I could see Chris was intensely watching us and from the glazed look in his eyes I could tell he liked it too. So when Steve moved his hand up and started groping my breasts through my top I just smiled at Chris and let him enjoy the show. As the song ended Steve very politely brought me back to our table.

"Thanks for letting me dance with Amy." Steve said to Chris. 

"She is a real pleasure to dance with." As he leered at me. 

"Kim and I are going to go explore upstairs. Would you guys like to go with us?" Steve asked the table.

Chris and I looked at each other and since we were both having a very fun time till this point we readily agreed. Tom and Karen also wanted to go so we all grabbed our drinks and coolers and started for the stairs.

I took Chris's hand and led him up the stairs leading to the balcony area. As I walked in front of Chris I felt his free hand start to rub my ass and though I jumped a little I didn't swat his hand away.

At the top of stairs we turned right again and the balcony came into view. It was broad enough for a two sets of couches and chairs that were set up to make little seating areas with the couch facing the chairs so while you could be seen there was still a certain level of privacy. One of the areas was taken but the other setting was empty so we all quickly went over to grab it. 

"It can get a little crazier up here." Tom stated, "so some people prefer to stay downstairs."

To the left of our seating area was a doorway with a sign titled "Group Room". 

"Let's check this out." Kim said as she got up and headed for the doorway.

Everyone seemed interested so we all walked in. It was certainly the group room because the raised mattress arranged against opposite walls were occupied by quite a variety of naked bodies enjoying some very x-rated and very public displays of affection.

We all stood and watched the very erotic scene in front of us but I knew I was not ready for this type of play "yet"!

Chris also said he liked it but we both decided to go back to the couch and get comfortable. As we left the room I noticed that Tom and Karen followed us out. 

The couch was a low sofa, nicely padded with soft vinyl and with a low back and arms. It wasn't at all deep. We sat down while Tom sat in one of the chairs across from us and Karen sat in the ther. We chatted and laughed for a while and with Chris's hand caressing my thigh. I could tell he was very turned on as we relaxed some more and then I suddenly noticed that Karen had uncrossed her legs and since the dress she wore was very tight it had ridden up very high on her thighs and we could plainly see her pussy. She was clean shaven and she very slowly and deliberately spread her legs wider.
