 Paige and I enjoyed experimenting for the first years of our marriage. However, we found that starting careers and having kids made it difficult if not impossible to continue our escapades. We became more conservative and accustomed to only having the occasional night out of dancing and watching Paige flirt with other men. These nights led to wild sex where we fantasized about her fucking these men or reliving our wild times when dating and newlyweds. Fears of judgement and consequences in our careers as professionals kept us from acting out on our desires to explore fantasies. We had taken jobs away from our college town and establish ourselves as professionals in the community. We had a great life and enjoyed our careers and raising our family together. 

Fortunately for us our sexual experimentation was about the be reborn after one glorious night while Paige was having dinner and drinks with one of her previous co-workers. They hadn't seen each other much over the past few years due to kids and life getting in the way but always enjoyed spending time together. I became somewhat concerned when I woke up at midnight and hadn't heard from her but knew they had a lot to catch up on. About 12:30 she finally sent me a text letting me know that Sara's husband Jay had picked them up and was bringing her home. 

Paige came in quietly about 1:00 a.m. and crawled into bed without me knowing. I quickly was awoken however and looked down to see my sexy wife sucking my cock. I became rock hard in no time and she looked up at me with a passion in her eyes that I had not seen in awhile. She increased her pace and added her hand stroking my shaft as she fucked me with her mouth. The excitement of seeing my wife in this way was too much for me to handle and I warned her that she was going to make me cum if she didn't stop. This seemed to encourage her as instead of stopping she increased the intensity and sent me over the edge. I climaxed with unbelievable intensity sending waves of cum into her mouth as she continued to suck and swallow every last drop until I was spent. I started to ask her what got into her but she quickly put her finger to my lips and told me that we would discuss it tomorrow.

I spent the whole day at work the next day in anticipation. Finally after getting the kids to bed Paige asked me to pour her a glass of wine and meet her in the bedroom. I did as instructed and set her glass of wine on her nightstand before hopping into bed with my beer in hand. A few minutes later my wife appears in the bathroom doorway wearing a red and black lace corset complimented with black thigh high stockings and garter belt. Finishing her ensemble were black strappy high heel shoes. I couldn't help myself as I jumped out of bed and quickly took her into an embrace while kissing her. We made out like college kids while I ran my hands all over her body. 

Paige broke our kiss, removed my shirt and teasingly kissed down my chest toward the waistline of my boxer briefs. When she reached the waistline she quickly pulled the front down and watched as my hardened cock sprang free inches from her lips. Wasting no time she wrapped her mouth around my shaft in a repeat performance as intense as the night before. However, this time she stopped short of making me cum and directed me to lie on the bed so she could tell me about the previous night. After removing her panties Paige straddled me and inserted my cock into her pussy. I couldn't believe how wet and excited she was as I slipped inside her. She leaned forward with my cock fully inside her so that she could whisper the events of the previous evening into my ear. 

The women had started with a nice dinner and a couple glasses of wine catching up and reminiscing. A couple glasses of wine turned into a few more as they continued talking with the conversation taking a turn at some point to their sex lives. Sara shared with Paige how much she loved having sex and intimate details of her and Jay's sexual experiences. Included in this conversation was the admission that she and Jay had fantasized many times over the years about being with other couples including us. 

Paige informed her that we had experimented early in our marriage but hadn't found an opportunity since we moved years ago. She left out all the details of our crazy sex life with Blake and my bachelor party but gave her enough details to let Sara know we had some experience. Pandora's box was now open and saving much of the details for another night she skipped straight to the point. After discussing how they thought a lot of other couples shared the same fantasy, Sara and Paige had come up with an idea to test their theory. Both women were to discuss with their husbands and decide whether to proceed. 

Paige must have felt my cock harden even more inside her as she kissed me and smiled before saying "Well I think I know what you think!". She bounced up and down on my cock as she supported herself with her hands on my chest. She changed tempo and started grinding on my cock while her breathing became heavier and her soft moans became louder. 

"Oh fuck James...I'm going to cum so hard...OHHHH...YYYYEEEESS...I'MMMM CUMMMMINNG!" 

I reached up and pulled her to me and kissed her passionately while she clenched in climax on my cock. Paige reached to her nightstand as she snuggled next to me taking a break from the action. She pulled out a piece of paper and told me to take a look at the rough draft that she and Sara put together today and let me know what I thought:

Fantasy Couples Party

Location: Renaissance Hotel Private Ballroom D

Date: April 17

Time: 8:00 p.m - 8:00 a.m. (hotel rooms provided)

Host: Anonymous

This party is for professional couples that are interested in exploring their sexual fantasies together with like minded couples. No experience required. If this is not of interest please do not attend.

RSVP by April 3, 2017 to our email

Dress sexy and leave your inhibitions behind. Drinks and entertainment will be provided along with hotel rooms.

As I read I couldn't believe my eyes. I looked over at my wife who without my knowledge had slid her hand down and was playing with her clit while she watched my reaction. I reached down to help her and slid two fingers inside her while she continued on her clit. I kissed her neck and up to her ear as I felt the warmth and wetness with my fingers. 

"That sounds incredibly exciting. I can't believe Sara and Jay would go through with it though." I said. 

She turned toward me and told me that Sara had already sent her a text that she and Jay were a go. All they were waiting on was my approval to move forward and send the invitations. Overcome with excitement I quickly jumped on top of my wife and pushed the head of my cock inside her. I fucked her hard and fast while her hand remained fixed to her clit. I was so turned on that after only a couple minutes of intense fucking I was ready to cum. Luckily Paige was equally turned on and we both reached climax together as I came deep inside her while her legs wrapped around me squeezing me deeper inside. As I rolled off and next to her she hugged me and whispered:

"Well? I'm up for the party if you are." I laughed and kissed her before uttering "Get the invitation printed. I'm in!"

Paige kept the specifics of the guest list a secret but assured me that I would not be disappointed if any of the people invited RSVP'd. Sara and Paige had collaborated on couples they know and think might be interested. Worst case scenario would be that we would have a good time with Sara and Jay. They had sent the invitations out anonymously so that if anyone was offended or not interested it wouldn't harm relationships. As the RSVP deadline approached I became anxious to know if anyone was coming. Paige had committed to share the guest list with me after the deadline. On April 4th I received an envelope marked confidential at work. My heart raced as I tore open the envelope in anticipation and unfolded the paper inside:

Jay and Sara C.

Blaine and Ashley E.

Steven and Kelsey F.

Grant and Sophie M.

Chad and Amy N.

John and Stacey P.

Tommy and Autumn R.

James and Paige S.

Immediately I was excited to see the mix of who was coming. All of the couples were not only very attractive but also very fun to hang out with. I was shocked that all of them were coming to an anonymous fantasy party but also excited to know that all of them must share similar sexual fantasies. I couldn't wait to get home and talk to Paige about the party. Over the next couple weeks in advance of the party we spent multiple nights fantasizing about being with the couples that were coming. 

On the day of the party Paige went early to meet up with Sara to finalize the setup and plans for the evening. They wanted the activities to be a surprise for us as well as the guests so Jay and I were to meet up with them later in the afternoon. Paige texted me a room number at about 3:00 that afternoon and told me everything was set for the evening. She told me to arrive at 7:00 to get showered and ready for the night. 

I entered the elevator with my luggage and proceeded to the seventh floor. I looked at the room number on more time to verify before knocking. I quietly knocked on room 704 and waited as I heard the lock turn and the door slowly open. As I walked in and the door shut behind me I was standing face to face staring at Sara dressed in a black satin babydoll. Startled I looked down at my phone to check the room number. 

"You are in the right room! This will be "your" room for the night." 

With that she kissed me on the lips and embraced me. I felt her breasts press against me as her tongue slid in my mouth. Instinctively my hand caressed her back and descended down the satin babydoll to her ass. I squeezed her ass as the bulge in my pants grew and pressed against her. Sara broke our embrace and instructed me to get showered and dressed. Paige would come get me at 8:00 to escort me to the party but to feel free and have a couple drinks if I desired. With that she grabbed a robe that was hanging on the door and left my room into the hallway. I went off to take a cold shower after the hot encounter and my mind raced knowing that Jay had probably received a similar welcome from Paige.

At 8:00 p.m. sharp I heard a knock on my door. I was expecting Paige to have a key so I was surprised when I opened the door to find her there. My mouth dropped as I saw her in front of me wearing a sexy black dress with a plunge V neckline showing off her gorgeous cleavage. I had suggested she wear dresses like this before but she had always resisted. I told her how sexy she looked as she took me by the arm and escorted me toward the elevator. She instructed me that the organizers of the party were to remain anonymous and that they had hired a host that would run the events for the evening. We kissed softly as the elevator descended to the second floor and took a deep breath as we stepped out of the elevator and walked to the private ballroom. 

We were greeted at the door by an attractive woman wearing an elegant dress. She introduced herself as the party host and handed me a room key with 704 on it. She winked at us knowing that I already had a room key but for the sake on anonymity it was set up for us to check in the same as everyone else. She told us that details would be given as the night progressed but for now to mingle and have drinks with the other attendees. A tall handsome young man approached and escorted us in the door and through a partition. 

Three couples had arrived ahead of us and were congregated by the bar. All eyes turned to see who was arriving at the party. Luckily the bar was not far as it seemed like an eternity walking toward them with everyone staring with large grins on their faces. Paige was immediately greeted by Ashley and told how nervous she was until she saw us walk through the door. She and Blaine didn't really know the other couples who had arrived before them and began to wonder if anyone they knew would be there. I excused myself to the bar to get drinks for us while Kelsey and Autumn joined the women. After exchanging handshakes with the men I returned to my wife with her drink and hugged each of the other women flirtatiously before Blaine, Tommy, and Steven joined us in conversation. This continued until all couples had arrive by 8:30.

Shortly after the last couple arrived the doors and partition closed and a bell sounded to get our attention. The party host addressed the room and explained details of the first activity scheduled for the night. Four tables were situated around the room and each couple was instructed to draw a number to determine where they started. In this activity couples would always stay together and be joined by another couple. 

Paige and I were the first to draw and received table 2. We exited to our table and sat down awaiting the arrival of another couple. The tables were small and seating was close together. We looked up to see Chad and Amy walking toward us. Amy was wearing pants and a low cut top that accentuated her breasts and immediately my eyes were fixed to them as she sat down. We were approached by a waiter who took our drink orders as well as handing us instructions for our first activity. Instructions told us to sit as close together with legs under the table and alternating man/woman/man/woman. We did as instructed and scooted our chairs in realizing that we were basically on top of each other. The game was called "Under the Table" and basically was an ice breaker that involved touching a member of the opposite sex under the table based on instructions given on the card that was chosen. For example, one of the cards that I pulled was:

"Use your hands under the table on the person to your left. Hands must stay above the knee and below the waist for 2 minutes."

Amy was seated to my left so I turned my seat toward her and reached underneath the table starting right above her right knee and slowly massaged up her inner thigh and then back down her left inner thigh before spending the last minute with my hand between her legs massaging over her pants. Time seemed to fly as we all alternated massaging under the table until another bell rang. At this point we were instructed to have one couple move a table to the right and the other move a table to the left.

Paige and I moved to our left and were joined by the Tommy and Autumn. We played a similar game with the twist that all activities involved the use of your mouth only. Clothing must remain on but can be adjusted where appropriate were the instructions. This was very ambiguous leaving room for interpretation. Tommy drew the first card:

"Kneel under the table and kiss any area of the person to your right for 1 minute."

Autumn was seated to his right so he had her back away from the table to allow him to kneel in front. This allowed all of us to see the action not only at our table but at the other tables if we wanted. I watched as Tommy hiked her dress up exposing her thong panties and going straight for her pussy through her panties with his tongue. Autumn grabbed his head and pressed his head against her . Out of the corner of my eye I noticed Sara leaning back as Grant was between her legs. Her dress was hiked up over her waist and no panties were evident as he ate her pussy intensely causing her to moan loud enough for us to hear. The game continued as each of us spent time beneath the table as well as enjoying the drinks and conversation between rounds of the game. When the bell rang again the host appeared and said from her observations she felt like it was time to move to the second activity of the night.

The host asked us to gather our drinks and follow her through a partition into another room for the second activity of the night. As we walked through the partition into a dimly lit room I saw the outlines of what looked like eight couches arranged in a circle around a stage that had a bed on it. Each couple took a seat on a couch facing the stage waiting for instruction. A spotlight came on revealing the host on stage along with what appeared to be a couple. The woman was extremely attractive and wore a sexy short red dress and high heel shoes. The man was tall and handsome wearing a expertly tailored suit. The host introduced them as our entertainment and instructed us that every time we hear a bell the men are to move one couch to the left. The only rule for the second activity was to have fun and free yourself from inhibitions. With that she exited leaving the couple center stage. 

The man took the woman in his arms and kissed her gently on the lips as they danced to music that had come on. He let his hands roam along her back as she continued to kiss him. All of the couples watched in awe as this couple romantically engaged in kissing and dancing that quickly escalated to the man fondling her ass as she melted into him. I put my arm around Paige and kissed her before returning our eyes to the show. The woman removed his jacket and unbuttoned his shirt exposing a muscular frame that was smooth and tanned. She kissed his chest as he slipped the straps of her dress over her shoulders. Her dress dropped to the floor exposing her naked body as she was not wearing a bra or panties. She was thin with perky breasts that stood at attention as he took them in his hands before running them down her side toward her hips. They embraced again in a passionate kiss and he moved his hand to the front of her body slowly inserting two fingers inside her. It was at this moment that the first bell sounded. I could barely stand with the erection that had built in my pants but calmly I stood up and moved to my left to find Amy waiting for me on the couch. 

Paige and I had been so involved in watching the show that we hadn't even touched each other but from the looks of it Chad and Amy had gone a different direction. Amy's top was off exposing her nice breasts and her pants were undone. She surprised me by sitting on my lap straddling me as I sat down. She told me that I was overdressed and began unbuttoning my shirt as she kissed me for the first time. Our bare chests pressed together as her tongue danced with mine in a passionate kiss. She hopped off and immediately started undoing my belt and pants.

I looked up to watch the woman on the stage who had removed the man's pant and was on her knees with his cock in her mouth. Amy pulled my cock out after undoing my pants and without hesitation wrapped her mouth around it while swirling her tongue giving an intense blowjob. I couldn't believe I was watching someone on stage give someone a blowjob while at the same time receiving one from someone other than Paige. Amy's head bobbed up and down while she gave me a sloppy blowjob with saliva dripping down my shaft and slurping noises each time she sucked. 

I looked to my right to check on Paige and found Grant kneeled in front on her with her panties at her ankle and dress pulled up over her waist. Her head was leaned against the back of the couch as her hand gripped his hair. She pulled him up to her and I watched as she kissed him with an intense passion similar to what I experienced the night this all started. It was at this moment that the bell rang again. I kissed Amy and told her I hoped to return the favor sometime before exiting to the next couch.

Autumn was already naked by the time I arrived at the couch to join her. Knowing from Paige's talks with her in the past that she loved to have Tommy eat her pussy I pulled her hips to the edge of the couch and dropped to my knees. I wasted no time in tasting her delicious juices as she massaged my bald head and pulled me tight to her pussy. She was obviously enjoying the evening activities and I sensed her climax building as her breathing became heavier and her pressure on my head increased. I moved to her clit and alternated licking and sucking her clit hoping to make her cum. My wish came true as she tensed up and let out:
