 This is part 2 of our wild fantasy party night. It picks up right where the first part ended. I would suggest reading part 1 to catch up on the players and activities of the night leading up to part 2. 

The host appeared on the stage and instructed us to gather our clothes and reconvene in the bar area for instructions on the rest of the evening. Paige and I reconnected and put on our clothes to move on with the evening. As everyone congregated by the bar having drinks and enjoying discussing the excitement of the night the host appeared with a set of envelopes. 

She gathered everyone's attention and explained the details. Upon arrival all of the men had been given a key to a room. In addition, all of the women had picked a key from a pile that did not include their husband's key. In the envelopes were the keys that the women randomly picked. This would set up the final activity for the evening. 

One by one the women were to come up and open the envelope to reveal a room number. The husband who held that key was to come up and join her. After all couples had been announced the men were to escort their date to the room and spend the night doing whatever they decide. At 8:00 a.m. the next morning everyone was to return to the ballroom for departure. The only catch was that in each room video cameras had been set up to record the action in each room. An app could be downloaded if you wanted to watch the streaming video from each room live but copies would also be provided to the group for future watching.

The excitement filled the room as we all waited to see who we would pair up with for the night. The host called them up one at a time with Amy being the first to come forward and reveal her room. "710" she announced. Tommy pushed through the crowd to join her at the front and they smiled and exchanged a kiss. Ashley and Grant were paired up followed by Autumn and John. 

Paige followed next and I could see she was both excited and nervous to find out her partner. She opened the envelope and revealed she would be staying in Room 707. Her eyes scanned the available men until she heard someone exclaim "JACKPOT!". Everyone laughed as Blaine danced his way up to the front to join her. He picked her up off her feet and kissed her. I knew she had always wanted him so was excited to know that he would be with her tonight. Anticipation grew as Sophie went next and was joined at the front by Chad. 

Sara, Stacey and Kelsey were left and I knew that no matter what I was going to have an incredible night. All three women were not only sexy but also were known to be wild in the bedroom. Kelsey walked up next and since Steven hadn't been called up yet I knew it was between Jay and me to see who would be with her. Flirtatiously she drug out the announcement of the room number as she looked at all of us. "7" she said before pausing, "0" she continued as the anticipation grew. We all looked at our room key for some reason even though we knew the number. I felt like I was at a lottery hoping for a 4 to come out next. "4" she finished and gazed directly into my eyes with what appeared to be a hope that it was me. I looked at Jay and then to Steven before slowly walking up to claim my prize. She clapped and giggled with excitement as I embraced her and planted a kiss. By default Jay and Stacey were then paired up followed by Steven and Sara. The partners were set and everyone was dismissed to enjoy the evening.

Kelsey and I gathered her bags and exited quickly toward the elevators in a rush to get to the room. We were the first to catch an elevator and as the door closed she turned to me and kissed me as she pressed her body against me. I reached behind to grab her ass while we continued to make out for the short ride to the seventh floor. The door opened and we quickly exited with her bag toward our room. I opened the door for her and followed behind setting her bag by the bathroom door. She hopped on the bed and motioned to me to come join her. We spent the next few minutes kissing and touching each other passionately before I suggested that I go take a shower while she got her bags unpacked. 

After my shower Kelsey excused herself to the shower to get ready. I found a card with instructions for the app and decided to take the time to get it set up while Kelsey was freshening up. After downloading the app I found that each camera had been numbered to match the room number. To test it out I pressed room 704 and saw myself on the screen. The camera was positioned by the TV so I made note of that for later. 

I changed the room number to 703 and watched as Stacey had wasted no time in getting Jay hard again. She was on her knees sucking his cock with his pants at his ankles while he slipped off his shirt. I watched for a minute before changing channels again to check out another room. Most of the rooms didn't have action yet with people showering or not having made it to the room yet. I flipped back to 703 and watched as Stacey was now naked and riding Jay's cock with her back to him. I didn't know if she knew where the camera was but this gave me a straight on look at her tits bouncing as she rode his huge cock. I watched the pure satisfaction on her face as she took his cock inside her and began to scream in pleasure. 

"Oh fuck Jay...that cock is so fucking huge...I need it..Fuck me...OHHHH YEEESSS". 

As she came I watched her eyes roll back in pleasure and her body go into spasm. After she dismounted his cock she grabbed his hand to lead him to the shower and out of view.

Before I could change room numbers on the stream I heard the bathroom door open and looked up to see sexy Kelsey walking toward me in a black fishnet gartered bodystocking connected to thigh high stockings and finished off with strappy high heels. She had left the panties in the back exposing her waxed pussy. The bodystocking allowed full view of her delicious breasts and body and as she approached me I could feel my cock growing harder with every step. She playfully spun around in front of me allowing me access to view her backside. 

Kelsey then reached to her phone on the nightstand and started playing music. She told me to sit in the chair next to the bed and let her dance for me. I had slipped boxers on after my shower and left them on while I sat down. Kelsey stood in front of me dancing seductively to the music while remaining far enough away that I couldn't touch her. She turned and bent forward shaking her ass in front of me and allowing a clear view of her beautiful wet pussy. As she stood up she moved backward to sit on my lap and rubbed her pussy hard against my crotch while reaching her hand behind my head and gently kissing my ear. She grabbed my hands and moved them to her breasts while she continued to grind away on my boxer covered cock and teasing me by not letting me inside yet. 

Her hands stayed on top on mine guiding me over her breasts before leading my right hand down to her pussy. Again she kept her hand on mine and guided my fingers into her awaiting wet pussy. Plunging her fingers over mine both of our hands were inside her. I kissed her neck while I continued to caress her breast with my left hand and finger her with my right hand. Her soft moans of pleasure were incredibly sexy and left me longing to get inside her. I now had three fingers inside her as I alternated between rubbing her G spot, fucking her with my fingers, and rubbing her clit. Her hands were now both behind my head as we kissed. I could feel her growing closer to her first orgasm and wanted badly to make her cum. Her breathing had quickened and her soft moans had turned louder as my fingers moved faster in and out of her pussy. 

"Cum for me Kelsey...I want to see you cum." I whispered to her as I kissed her ear and neck. 

The encouragement seemed to help her approach climax as she writhed her hips in unison with my fingers going in and out. Her hand slipped down to her clit and furiously began making circular motions while I increased the speed of my fingers fucking her.

"OH...OHHHH...OHHHHH...FUCK YES...I'M THERE...OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH" 

She let out as her orgasm overtook her body. I slipped my tongue in her mouth and kissed her while she continued to climax and tighten her pussy on my fingers. 

"Oh my god...that was intense...thank you". She said as her muscles relaxed from her orgasm and she stood up. 

I stood with her and kissed her for a few minutes before suggesting we grab and drink and watch the live stream for a few to let us both cool down a little. Kelsey took control of the app and turned to the room that Steven was in with Sara. Nobody looked to be in the room and the shower didn't sound like it was on. We switched off of their room to Autumn and John's room. Much to our surprise we saw 4 bodies in the room on the bed together. 

It appeared that Steven and Sara had joined Autumn and John for some swapping fun. The men were on the bed watching as Autumn was positioned between Sara's legs with her tongue jutting in and out of her pussy. The sounds were amazing as Sara's excitement was evident by not only the loud moans coming from her mouth but also from the slurping sounds coming from Autumn eating her dripping wet pussy. 

Steven moved over to position his cock next to Sara's mouth and she wasted no time in devouring his cock. He thrust back and forth fucking her mouth while she continued to get eaten out by Autumn. Not willing to stay on the sidelines John raised Autumn's hips up on the bed and moved in behind to fuck her. Obvioiusly turned on he started fucking her with long hard thrusts followed by fast thrusts bringing Autumn quickly to orgasm. She buried her face in Sara's pussy as she let out a glorious moan of pleasure. 

"Oh yes Autumn...that feels so good...lick that pussy for me...make me cum". 

Sara begged as she released Steven's cock to focus on Autumn eating her. Steven dropped down and began licking Sara's nipples helping bring her closer to orgasm. Sara grabbed Autumn's head and pressed it tightly to her as her body convulsed in screaming orgasm. Simultaneously John couldn't handle the excitement anymore and with a final few thrusts he unloaded his cum inside Autumn. John excused himself to go clean up leaving Steven alone with these two sexual dynamos. 

"I need you to fuck the shit out of me Steven!" Sara announced as Autumn moved up to kiss her. 

The two women kissed passionately while Steven pulled Sara to the side of the bed so that he could fuck her. The side view allowed Kelsey and I to watch as her husband slid his cock into Sara causing her to moan with pleasure. 

"Oh yes Steven...I need that dick...show me how you fuck Kelsey." 

Steven started with long slow strokes and would alternate faster and harder to tease her and leave her wanting more. Autumn crawled toward him as he continued to fuck Sara and kissed him aggressively pressing her huge tits against his body. 

"Can I fuck him Sara?...Please let me feel that dick too." Autumn begged. 

Kelsey watched as Autumn laid next to Sara so that Steven could alternate between these two women. Steven pulled out of Sara and put Autumn's legs on his shoulders plunging his rock hard cock all the way inside her. 

"OH YEAH STEVEN...That's what I want...Fuck that pussy" Autumn told him. 

He fucked her hard and fast making her tits move violently with each thrust. I was amazed at his staying power as he was able to switch back and forth between the two women and fuck them hard without cumming. The women told him to lay on the bed so that they could ride him. 

"Don't cum until you make us both cum...promise?" Autumn insisted. 

She let Sara get on top first and ride him. Sara's thin athletic frame looked stunning as she mounted his cock and started riding him. She was obviously wanting to cum quickly as the intensity of her motions was unbelievable. Autumn licked her nipples and fingered her clit while she grinded on his cock. 

"Oh yes...I'm going to cum...Yes...OOOOOOHHHHH FUUUCKKK. ...YES STEVEN...YEEESSS!" She screamed loudly as she came. 

Steven was able to hold out somehow and Sara hopped off to allow Autumn the opportunity to mount his cock. Autumn mounted his cock and seeing the contrast between the two women was amazing. Autumn's big tits bounced as she rode him allowing him to grab them while she fucked him. Sara kissed her lips and rubbed her hand down her back to her butt. She squeezed her ass and helped push her up and down on Steven's cock. 

Autumn whispered something in her ear that we couldn't hear. Immediately after Sara slid her hand between Autumn's cheeks and gently played with her asshole. Autumn let out a loud moan and said 

"That's it...finger my ass while he fucks me." 

Sara slowly inserted one finger in her ass and began slowly moving it in and out in unison with each thrust of Steven's cock. 

"OH FUUCCK...Give me that cock...Fuck me Steven...Make me cum" 

Autumn screamed as she fucked him harder and faster causing Sara to speed up with her. Sara slipped a second finger in her ass and kissed her while increasing the pleasure of having a cock in her pussy and two fingers in her ass. Sara could feel Steven's cock with her fingers on each thrust and loved how wild Autumn was riding his cock. 

"This is so hot I can't hold out anymore...I'm going to cum" Steven announced. 

"Yes baby...fill me up...cum inside me Steven." 

Autumn began to grind her pussy on his cock while Sara held her fingers inside her. Steven grunted and his eyes rolled back as he came inside Autumn while she intensely continued to grind on his cumming cock. 

"FUUUUUCKK MMEEE...OOOHHHHHHH...YEEEEESSS" Autumn screamed at the top of her lungs for the whole hotel to hear.

Watching her husband with two women turned Kelsey on more than she could ever have imagined. She leaned toward me and apologized in advance for what she was about to do to me. 

"I need to cum so bad. Can I sit on your face?" 

She asked as she had already started to climb toward me. I couldn't even answer before she had lowered herself down onto my face with her obviously excited pussy. I wasted no time in plunging my tongue inside her vigorously eating her. She responded by gripping the headboard of the bed and grinding her pussy onto my tongue. 

"FUUCK...OHHH YYESS...OHHHHHHH!" She moaned as a massive orgasm overtook her body. 

Her body tensed and she squeezed the headboard as she continued to grind through her orgasm. Without hesitation she slid down my body and mounted my awaiting cock. She rode me wildly as I watched her perky tits bounce in my face. The lust in her eyes was amazing as she stared back at me increasing the pace with which she was fucking me. 

"I wanted you all night long! Watching you earlier with Sara and Autumn made me so wet." 

I didn't think she could fuck me any harder but to my surprise as I grabbed her tits squeezing her nipples she went into another gear as her moans became screams. 

"I'm going to cum again...Fuck me James...Make that pussy cum for you!".

I pressed her hips down tight on my cock making her feel how hard she was making me. Her hips ground back and forth while she moved her fingers to her clit bringing her to immediate climax. 

"That's it...Oh yes...FFUUCK MMEE...I'M CCUUUMMMING!!" 

She collapsed beside me after a second mind blowing orgasm. I told her how hot she was and how I was disappointed earlier when we didn't get to play together. I had secretly hoped we would spend the night together and didn't want it to end! She leaned over and put a passionate kiss on my lips slipping her tongue in my mouth. We kissed for a few minutes while she cooled down before she moved her head down toward my cock. 

She teased me with her tongue kissing the tip while using her hand to stroke the shaft. Just when I thought I couldn't take the teasing any longer she slid her mouth down the shaft wrapping her tongue around my cock in swirling motions in the most amazing blowjob. She took the whole length in her mouth and before wildly fucking me with her mouth. Watching her head bob as she sucked made me have to concentrate on not exploding. 

I reached over to her pussy that had inched closer to me while she blew me. I slipped two fingers inside her and fucked her hard with them causing her to suck harder on my cock. I had to get inside her so I pulled my cock from her mouth and bent her over so that I could pound her hard from behind. Her ass looked gorgeous as I approached her from behind. 

"Show me what you want baby! My pussy is all yours tonight!" 

She encouraged me as the head of my engorged cock entered her pussy. Her hips slammed back against me taking the whole length of my cock inside. I reached around and grabbed her tits while I fucked her hard from behind making her moan loudly. As my climax built I slowed to prolong it as long as I could. Kelsey would have none of it and screamed 

"Cum with me. I'm so close. Fuck me hard and cum inside me. Please James I need you to fuck me hard.". 

Not wanting to disappoint I grabbed her hips and proceeded to fuck her harder than I have ever fucked anyone before. My balls began to swell as I could feel the orgasm building. I didn't slow down and pushed deep into her filling her with cum. The warmth and power of my cum shooting inside her sent her over the edge with me producing her third and strongest orgasm of the night. She screamed in ecstasy:

"OOOHH JAMES...OOHHHHHH...FFUUCCK!". 

We collapsed exhausted on the bed giving each other a sensual kiss and smile as we lay there.

After showering I returned to the bed to find Kelsey asleep obviously exhausted from an evening of sex. I turned on the app and scrolled through to find quiet in the first few rooms. I clicked on Paige's room hoping they were still awake but found Paige leaving the room with an ice bucket while Blaine must have been in the shower. I flipped to a couple other rooms but no action so I returned just in time to see Paige enter the room. 

To my surprise she held the door open and my eyes almost popped out of my head as I saw Jay enter behind her. She let the door close and opened her robe pulling him against her naked body while kissing him deeply. She grabbed his hand leading him to the bed before pulling his pants to his ankle and devouring his cock. I watched as my wife sucked Jay's huge cock barely able to fit it in her mouth. Jay gently grabbed her head and helped her work up and down his cock. 

Blaine emerged from the bathroom after his shower and stopped in his tracks to find Paige on her knees in front of him sucking Jay's cock. Paige turned to him while holding Jay's cock, smiled, and said:

"Look what I found at the ice machine! I brought him back so I could fulfill my fantasy of fucking two men at the same time. I hope you don't mind." 

Without waiting for an answer she immediately took Jay back in her mouth while putting her hand behind her in an invitation for Blaine to bring his cock to her. As she aggressively sucked Jay she felt Blaine's hard cock slip into her hand allowing her to stroke him while sucking Jay. She alternated between the two cocks making sure to give each of them equal attention until Blaine decided to take matters into his own hands. 

He stood her up careful not to let her mouth come off Jay's cock. As she sucked Jay's cock Blaine shoved his big cock deep inside her making her moan with pleasure. She pulled the cock from her mouth to focus on the big cock pounding her from behind. Jay held her in his arms as she took every inch of Blaine inside her. 

"Oh yes Blaine...make me cum like you did earlier...make me scream!!" 

I heard her say making my cock harder than ever. Blaine held her hips while he rammed his cock over and over into her awaiting pussy as her moans grew louder. She leaned into Jay feeling every inch of Blaine while Jay's strong arms supported her. She reached the pinnacle of orgasm and clutched Jay's shoulders as she dug her nails into him while screaming Blaine's name. As she came down off her climax she talked dirty into Jay's ear, 
