 On our last day of vacation before heading back home to Kansas, Claire booked us a couple's massage. We'd had a few so I wasn't really nervous any more, but there will always be a slight weirdness to being naked in front of a stranger with only a thin towel or blanket between us. Given the chance I'd always prefer to have Claire massage me, because she does it just as good and can wear lingerie to make the proverbial happy ending even better.

After driving past the spa twice, we finally find it and park out front. The lobby is filled with fake plants and way too many miniature water fountains. Like all massage places it has some weird supposedly relaxing music going. The receptionist takes our names and shows us to the waiting area which is equally dressed in foliage and even more miniature water fountains. Claire wanders off to use the bathroom and I live in terror of them calling us back before she returns. My fear is short lived however as she soon returns and in a few minutes our two masseuses enter the room. 

They both have on black tights and close fitting black tops that accentuate their bodies and leave little to imagine. They introduce themselves as Eva and Malena. Eva is shorter with blond hair. Her hips have a nice curve and I'm sure the rest of her is just as nice, but I try to keep my eyes off. She will be Claire's masseuse. Malena will massage me. She is the taller of the two and has black hair. Her breasts press against her tight shirt and my dick presses against my pants. I take a deep breath as they lead us down a hallway. They start to put us in separate rooms, but Claire explains it is a couples massage. The two women exchange quick glances of surprise, but oblige. They apologize for the mix-up and take us to a room with two tables. 

"Take your time getting ready," Eva says to us. "You're the only ones left today."

"Melissa has gone home," Malena says and I assume she means the receptionist. "So it's just us here now."

That is an odd thing to announce.

"Some clients don't feel comfortable getting completely naked," Malena says. "So don't feel that you have to."

"I prefer if you do," Eva says, making a point to look at both of us. "It makes our job easier."

That is an even odder thing to announce. They slip out the door saying they'll knock in a few minutes. I turn to Claire and raise an eyebrow. She shrugs before starting to undress. I watch her panties drop to the floor and her big tits swing free before I remember I'm supposed to be stripping too. I quickly undress, but before we get under the blankets we give each other a quick kiss. I squeeze Claire's ass and she gives my semi-hard dick a squeeze.

"Behave yourself," she says jokingly. 

Immediately after we are covered there is a knock on the door and Claire tells them to come in. The massage feels good and Malena does a good job of working on my tight shoulders. I can't hear anything from Claire but I think she is enjoying her as well. Malena seems to use more oil than other masseuses and I can feel it drip down my skin a she rubs her hands across my body. The hour moves on and she works her way down to my legs. She uncovers them one at a time and I'm a little startled when she massages my butt. I'm pretty sure that it is almost completely uncovered as she does so. Then she works her way down my thighs and each time she rubs my inner thigh she gently touches my balls. I feel like I should say something, but I don't. I tell myself it is just an accident. She's just trying to do her job. When she has me roll over to my back I'm sure she's not holding the blankets right and my dick flashes her. I open my eyes and pretend to look around the room. I see a big smile on her face and I'm now sure none of it is an accident. As she rubs my thighs from the front, her fingers brush my balls more and I can feel the tighten excitedly at her touch. She finishes my legs and moves back to my top. She stands by my head and bends over to rub her hands up and down my chest and arms. As she does so her breasts loom larger and larger until they are almost touching my face. When she pulls away I have my eyes open and can see the outline of her nipples through the fabric of her shirt and I realize she has no bra on. She pulls on my arm and massages it up and down. I'm not sure how, but she manages to accidentally rub my hand across her ass. She does it hard enough I can feel the outline of a thong underneath. She returns my hand and quietly slips out of the room. Eva follows her telling us to take our time getting dressed.

I immediately sit up and look at Claire who has on her face what I assume is the same expression on mine.

"Did she...?" I ask.

Claire nods. "She was really handsy."

"How so?"

"At first I thought she was just brushing up against me on accident," Claire says. "After the third time she touched my vagina though I knew she was doing it on purpose. Did yours..."

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure she saw my dick," I say and I'm prepared to apologize and downplay it when Claire interrupts me.

"Did it turn you on?" she asks and looks at my dick which is now returning to normal.

"I guess so," I try and evade.

"I think it's hot knowing she wants you," Claire says and slips off her bed.

"You're not upset? About either of us?"

"You know I'm a little lesbian," she says and rubs her hands on my thighs just like Malena had. "Does it turn you on knowing another sexy woman had her hands on me?"

My dick twitches for an answer. She squeals in delight. She kisses me lightly on the lips and then hungrily. Our mouths open and are tongues intertwine. I wrap my arms around her and she grips my dick. We kiss for a moment longer before I break it off.

"Right now?" I ask.

"They practically told us to when they said no one else was here but them and they had no other appointments."

"What if they come back?"

Claire doesn't answer, but instead looks around the room. She retrieves a bottle of oil and proceeds to squeeze it all of her chest. She walks back over to me while rubbing it in. She grabs my hands and together we work the oil all over her gorgeous tits until they shine and glisten. Then she gets on her knees and squeezes her tits together around my throbbing cock. She works them up and down my shaft until it glistens too.

"I love seeing your dick go in and out of my tits," she says and sticks out her tongue so it lightly taps my engorged head.

I moan and look away for just a moment to check the door. I gasp as I notice that it is unlatched and cracked just a bit. The light is dim but I'm pretty sure I can see two people looking through the crack, one standing and one kneeling. Claire continues to rub her tits on my cock not noticing. I grab her head and turn it so she sees the door. She lets her tits drop away from my cock and switches to stroking it with her left hand as she looks at the door. Then she stops and stands up. I do as well and look around for a towel to grab thinking that we are done. To my surprise, Claire walks over to the door and opens it. The light from the hallway reveals Malena standing up and Eva on her knees. Eva's head is blocking my view but I'm sure Malena's hand is in her pants. Eva has both hands on her tits squeezing. Neither of them look particularly startled or like they were trying to move away when Claire opened the door.

"We just wanted to watch," Eva says finally standing up.

"It gets us off turning on couples with our hands and then watching them after we leave," Malena says and tries to look apologetic, but failing because she is too flushed with arousal.

"Haven't you ever wanted to finish the job?" I ask and all three of them look at me in surprise. All of the adventures I've had with Claire have finally made me more bold I guess. Or, I'm just really horny.

"You sure?" Claire asks, clearly wanting me to say yes.

In response, I get up and walk over to them. I slap Claire's ass and then grab Malena's hand pulling her into the room. She only resists a little and I know it isn't because she doesn't want to. I lead her to my massage table and I lay back down on my back. I look to the door and see Eva and Claire locked in a kiss. I knew Claire's lesbian side would come out especially with watching me and Malena. She'd just get too turned on and have to do something about it. I look at Malena who is looking at my throbbing cock intently. I grab her hand and place it over my balls and she sighs. She begins to massage them gently before starting to stroke my shaft ever so slowly with her soft hands. 

I close my eyes and enjoy the sensations running through me, but open them again when I hear moaning from the other table. I look over and see Claire on her back with Eva on top of her. They kiss and grope each other. Claire's hands are all over Eva's tight ass and Eva's hands are running through Claire's hair. I jump as I feel some sort of fabric rub my cock and I look to see Malena wiping the leftover oil from Claire's tits off it. Then she peels off her shirt to reveal her boobs and perky nipples. She licks her lips as she looks in my eyes before bending over and inserting my cock into her mouth. She takes it all the way in until her lips graze my balls before rising back to the top and swirling her tongue around my head. She moans softly and licks off my precum. My body shudders with excitement.

I look back over at Claire and Eva and see that Claire is pulling Eva's shirt off over her head. Then she starts to pull down her pants revealing nothing but a g-string. Eva finishes taking off her tights and snaps the string of her g-string and then hops back onto the table. She kisses Claire aggressively by pushing her back down to a laying position before kissing her way down her cleavage, across her sexy stomach and in circles around the landing strip shaved into her mound. Then Eva laps around Claire's glistening pussy lips before spreading them and diving in. I can hear the wet sounds of Eva's tongue playing with my wife's pussy and it makes my cock throb harder which makes Malena moan and suck harder which makes me groan and this mixes with the pants of Claire as she's eaten out. Malena's hand on my balls must feel them tighten and she stops sucking abruptly.

"I'll be right back," Malena announces to the room and starts to walk out.

"Bring our favorite toy," Eva says raising her head from Claire's pussy before Claire grabs her head and thrusts it between her legs again.

Malena is gone long enough that my hard on subsides a little even with the sexy show going on next to me. In a few minutes, she returns completely naked with a bag in her hand. She reaches in and pulls out a condom which she hands to me before walking over to the other table. Eva breaks away from Claire's pussy and sits up. Claire sits up too.

"Claire," I say and then have to repeat it a few times to get her attention. When she does look, I hold up the condom and she nods her head before I can even ask.

Malena hands the bag to Eva and she pulls out what I think is just a dildo at first, but I soon realize it is an extra-long double dildo. My heart stops. Will Claire use it? She is only okay with certain lesbian acts and I don't know if sharing a dildo is one of them. She doesn't seem to second guess it at all though and moves to make room on the table for Eva. Claire spreads her legs and Eva pushes one end of the dildo into Claire's wet pussy. She pumps it in and out a few times which makes Claire moan. Then Eva scoots closer to Claire and spreads her own legs before inserting the other end into her own waiting pussy. She wiggles a moment pushing it further in and then holding the middle of it she begins to rock her hips. It takes a moment for Claire to get the hang of it but in a moment she too is rocking her hips and moaning louder and louder.

"Fuck," she screams. "It feels so good. Fuck me. Fuck me. Fuck me."

Malena watches for a moment rubbing her pussy before taking the condom out of my hand and ripping it open. She unrolls it on my cock and climbs up onto the table with me. She spreads her creamy pussy lips and slips right down on my cock. Her pussy is warm and I can feel the slippery wetness of it through the condom. She slides all the way down it until she's resting her pussy against my skin and she grinds back and forth on it. I feel her clench her pussy around my hard cock squeezing it. She rocks back and forth before slowly raising her hips and bringing them back down. She puts her hands on my chest and leans forward so her tits swing into my face as she slowly rides me. I look over and make eye contact with Claire as she shares the double dildo with Eva. Her face is pure bliss from the feel of it.

"You're so fucking hot right now," I tell Claire and she smiles.

"I love watching her fuck you," she replies. "It's such a...oh fuck... turn on. Fuck. I'm going to cum."

She closes her eyes and I watch as her orgasm hits her. She shudders and Eva starts to cum as well. The both keep rocking their hips, sharing the dildo. The sounds of their pussies, screams, and moans intermingle. I can't watch all of it as Malena sits up further while riding me and then places her hands behind her. She shifts so she's now squatting and she starts to slam her pussy down on my cock riding me faster and faster. I watch my hard cock slip in and out of her pink pussy and it pushes me close to the edge.

"Fuck," I say. "I'm going to cum."

"No," I hear Claire say. "Not like that."

I do my best to hold it in while Malena slows down. I look over to Claire again and see her climbing down off the table. Eva is licking the juices off the dildo. Claire grabs Eva's hand and pulls her over to the table. Malena dismounts my cock and scrambles off the table. Claire takes the condom off. She gets on her knees and pulls the other two down with her.

"I want you to cum on us," Claire begs.

I start to stroke my cock, but Claire's mouth is soon on it.

Malena strokes my shaft as Claire sucks my head.

Eva plays with my balls.

I tap Claire on the head and she pulls away.

Malena's eyes twinkle.

Eva opens her mouth and sticks out her tongue.

With just a few strokes, I'm there and I feel my hot cum ready to burst out. As I cum, I groan loudly and try my best to direct my load, but I fail. I have six big spurts of cum and I manage to spray each of them with at least one. Malena ends up with most of it in her hair. Claire has cum running down her face and when she opens her green eyes and looks up at me smiling I could almost cum again. Eva gets her wish and several spurts land in her mouth. She licks her lips before swallowing it. They take turns cleaning off my cock with their tongues and eventually I have to sit down exhausted.

"That was intense," I say to Claire once the other two have left to dress and clean up.

"So fucking hot," Claire says wiping her face with a towel. "I loved looking over and seeing her riding you."

"I wish you could have seen how hot you were sharing that dildo with her," I say.

"You liked that?"

I slap her on the butt in response and she giggles. I'm a little worried that she feels like I got the better end of the deal as it ended with a foursome for me, but she doesn't seem to mind. After we get dressed and head back out to the waiting area, I'm surprised to see that neither Malena or Eva look embarrassed. I thought maybe they, or us, would look a little sheepish after the adrenaline went down, but they look completely comfortable. We offer to tip them, but they won't let us saying we'd gave them enough. We thank them and they thank us. They tell us to come back and we have to tell them we live out of state which causes some disappointment. Once we're in the car, we both pause and take a deep breath.

"Want to go back to the hotel?" Claire asks.

"And do what?"

"Fuck me," she says and reaches over grabbing my enlarging dick.