 After their wonderful escape in the Caribbean, Miles and Dawn had drawn even closer sexually. They replayed the video of the threesome many times during later love-making sessions and tried to recapture the animal lust and satisfaction they'd experienced poolside with a willing masseur. They used her anal beads, fingers and other toys to fill her almost as completely as she'd been on that memorable day.

Dawn greatly appreciated the gift her husband had allowed her especially since there was no jealousy or demands coming later on. She began to dream up ways that she could repay his sexual generosity. She knew he'd love to have another woman join them in the bedroom, but doing so was a bit of a problem. It needed to be someone they could trust and wouldn't gossip about such an encounter. They lived in a conservative area, a suburb where the country club circles they ran in loved to spread the latest about each other. It needed to be someone he was attracted to, she was attracted to and wouldn't try to wedge herself into their close relationship later on. A great fling with no repercussions was what she wanted. But how could she pull this off?

She always felt that the anonymous partners she might find on the internet were either scam artists, cops, or blackmailers. She was also afraid of hiring a professional that ended them up arrested. Then it hit her. He had a conference coming up the next month in Las Vegas. "Wasn't it still known a Sin City?", she thought to herself. She pulled open her laptop and began to search.

They arrived at the modern hotel suite reserved for them during the conference a few weeks later and settled in. It had a large living room area, bar and separate bedroom and bath. After dinner and some blackjack, they retired for the night. Miles would be in meetings for most of the following day while Dawn planned to relax and shop a bit. He was already gone when she awoke the next morning. After a light breakfast, she left to rent a car and began her visit to one of the famous brothels located outside of the city.

She'd decided on this particular place from her online research weeks earlier. She entered the large, Spanish-style house from the dusty parking lot into a nicely appointed, foyer. She was quickly welcomed with a drink and sat with the female owner in the large living room. They reviewed what she hoped to do for Miles with one of the available young ladies that week. She was shown a large, photo-filled book with descriptions of each girl's measurements, sexual acts she would engage in and prices. She really was shopping, but not for clothes like she'd told Miles. It was sort of fun. She knew he liked her body type (petite, somewhat athletic with dark hair and eyes) as she looked for the perfect third. 

Soon, she'd picked one she thought would fit the bill nicely. She was twenty-six, 5'3 and 120 pounds with long, dark hair and a toned, petite look. Her eyes were dark brown and she had a friendly, bubbly look about her. Her recent medical testing was also up to date indicating a clean bill of health. Dawn thought to herself, "They really are a well-run organization here, very professional." She paid most of the night's fee in cash to reserve her for later that night.

Miles returned from a long day of meetings to a room service dinner from the hotel's five star restaurant. His wife joined him as they relaxed and discussed his day. "I set us up for a massage tonight. I knew you'd need to relax after your long day, so someone will be up soon", she explained. He shot her a suspicious look as he remembered the last time they had couple's massage. "No other men this time. I got a young lady who seems very professional" she said without meeting his gaze. 

He showered and put on a robe. As he entered the suite's main room, he saw his wife already getting her rubdown on the masseuse's table. The young lady eyed him for what seemed like a bit too long. She was massaging his wife's back as she looked him up and down with a slight smile to herself. He poured himself a stiff drink and sat on the couch admiring the two beautiful ladies. They could almost be sisters. Both had the same build, coloring and friendly look about them. 

Dawn was done and put on her robe. She strode over to the bar and started her own drink. Miles took his place under the sheet as he admired the sexy thing about to deliver some well-deserved relaxation. She started on his hands and worked her way up each arm to his shoulders and neck. She next moved slowly down his back and on to his hips. He kept his eyes closed and enjoyed her touch, trying not to get too turned on as she worked her strong hands over his ass. His wife was in the room and he didn't need any embarrassment or later teasing from her. She rubbed his feet and slowly moved up his legs before asking him to roll over. 

He did as asked and she began to massage his chest with oil. He relaxed and closed his eyes again thinking about how good this girl smelled. He felt another pair of hands take one of his hands and start to rub it with oil. He opened his eyes to see his lovely wife beside him, smiling and completely naked. She placed his oiled fingers to her nipple and used his hand to rub her nipples to erection. 

His surprise was quickly overtaken by his desire. He felt a pair of slippery hands grasp his cock and start to slide over and over it until he was fully erect. Dawn moved his hand to her pussy and pressed herself up against him. His fingers circled around her clit as she moaned with pleasure. "I thought you deserved to have the favor returned", she whispered. "Let's move this party into the bedroom", she said as she pulled him up from the massage table. 

As he entered, he noted that she'd set up his video camera with a cable attached to the flat-screen nearby. Watching themselves as the action happened was a great idea. "I want you to lie on your back and relax. I'm gonna make you feel so good", she explained. She kneeled between his legs and took him into her mouth. With no slow teasing this time, she began to deepthoat his cock with wild abandon. Slurping and licking the shaft, flicking her tongue over the underside, then pumping him with a slippery hand she made him crazy. The masseuse was now naked, on both knees and facing him on the bed. He stroked her wet pussy for a few minutes and slipped a finger inside. She squirmed on his hand and shut her eyes. She moaned quietly with pleasure and gyrated her hips with his movements.

She then swung her leg over his head and eased down onto his face. He licked her clit as she moved back and forth with pleasure. His wife stopped sucking and climbed up him as well. She straddled his hips and grabbed his cock with her hand, slowly easing herself down onto his manhood. She writhed on him and clenched her pussy onto him, gripping and squeezing him as he slid in and out of her. She was always so hot inside and her juices started to ease out onto his long cock. She reached back and rubbed his cock as he slid in and out of her. Her fingers were now wet from her own excitement, so she used her natural lubricant to rub her finger gently against her asshole. She thought back about the dual penetration she'd enjoyed with her man and a stranger when on their last vacation and laughed quietly to herself. 

The two ladies were facing each other, riding his face and cock, smiling at each other and began to rub the other's nipples. Pinching and gently squeezing with both hands, they groaned and giggled like naughty schoolgirls. They rocked back on forth on his cock and face using him like a sex slave. "I'm ready for a change," said Dawn after a few minutes in heaven. Both ladies dismounted. Dawn eased onto the masseuse's willing mouth in a sixy-nine position. They stroked each others pussies with fingers and lapping tongues as Miles stood gazing at the incredible site before him. He stroked his cock for a moment as he took it all in."Get over here and FUCK ME!" she playfully demanded of Miles. He entered her from behind and slid his cock deeply into her wetness. 

Dawn continued to hold herself over the kissing and licking mouth below. It felt incredible to have her clit licked as her man pumped her from behind. Miles looked over at the widescreen TV to see them in action. Watching a live porn movie of themselves was incredibly sexy. It was far better that any porn video he'd ever seen. Two hot ladies pleasuring each other and him at the same time was almost too much. He held back from spurting his cum into his wife and kept going. He rubbed dawn's still wet asshole with his finger. She opened up to his probing and soon he was finger-fucking her ass, fucking her pussy with his cock and he watching her clit being licked on the TV. 

He pulled out of her pussy and gradually eased himself into her ass. The girl below his wife slipped two fingers into her wet pussy and he could feel her fingers through the wall separating her ass from her pussy. She alternated fingering and licking with spreading open her pussy for him to see his wife on the TV. His wife started to tremble and breathe in short, gasping breaths. He continued to pump her ass with his cock and pushed as deeply inside as he could get it. She bucked and squirmed on his cock as he felt her ass spasm and release over and over indicating her waves of orgasm. He saw her squirting a little bit onto the face of the masseuse below her. The girl below licked at the still quivering pussy with excitement. 

He felt his own spasms mounting. It began at the base of his cock and seem to flow up in waves as his cum poured out into her ass. His whole body clenched and released as his climax seemed to flow from every inch of his body, down and out his spasming cock. He pulled out of her ass and the girl below quickly grabbed him and licked him clean. They all collapsed into a heap of satisfied flesh on the bed. The girl quietly slipped out with her pay and they slept well into the next morning.