 This is my second attempt at a story. Thanks all of you who provided subjective criticism to my last one. I hope this story is better.

It started out as just another night with our friends. My wife and I had decided to host a night of games and drinking at our new home. We invited our favorite 3 couples that we hang out with over to not only party with us but to also show off the new house. We had been working non-stop to get moved in and were exhausted and really needed to blow off some steam. We are all very close, all around the same age and spend as much time together as possible. The girls shop, work out and relax together while we men golf, fish and attend sporting events together. We are all Dinks (Dual income no kids). We even harmlessly flirt with each others spouses when we have the chance. I had no idea how this evening was going to change our relationships as friends and more.

The day started out hectic with the knowledge that everyone was going to be at our place tonight. Tina was busy cleaning while I was putting boxes of storage stuff away in the attic. We had been working all morning without rest and shortly after noon Tina yelled up to me to take a break. I worked my way out of the attic to see her standing there with a cold beer sporting a pair of short shorts and a bikini top.

My wife Tina is in her late 30's and still attracts plentt of stares from men. At 5' 9" tall she carries a slender build with long perfectly shaped legs that wonder up to a nice firm round bottom and continuing up those womanly curves to a beautiful set of breasts capped with large dark nipples. Accentuating all this is her long dark hair surrounding a gorgeous face with the most alluring playful green eyes you have ever seen. When Tina decides to "dress up" men drool. 

I stared at her a bit too long and noticing, she smiled. I said, "Wow Tina! If you wear that tonight when the guys are here, you are going to make the girls jealous."

Tina giggled and said, "Yea, yea. You know if you had the chance you would screw any or all of our friends that will be here tonight."

I laughed back and joked, "That's true! But you also know that every single guy coming over tonight would fuck you in a second!" I was handed the cold beer and commented, "I bet you don't even know how much they drool over you."

Tina smiled and shocked me when she said, "I know. I catch them all the time trying to get a peek at my breasts or my ass. I purposely just show them enough to tease them."

I was dumbfounded and she knew it. My first reaction was a bit of jealousy, but I knew Tina loved me and would never cheat on me. We had talked about playing with others to add to our great sex life but had never really taken it serious. "You know Tina, if you ever wanted to play around with anyone else, all you have to do is ask." 

She replied, "Honey, I really do know. I also know that if I said so, you would make it happen for me. Let's just have fun tonight and see what happens."

I was really curious now and pressed on. "What is that supposed to mean?"

"Don't worry sweetie. If I were to start anything you will be the first to know."

"Ok" I said without much conviction. I really wasn't sure what she was up to.

"I will wear something a little less revealing tonight."

"Hell babe. Don't cover up on my account," I encouraged.

She giggled again turned and with a shake of her ass left the garage.

The rest of the day went by quickly as we prepared the house for our guests. I would purposely run into Tina at every chance to grab her ass and grope her breasts. I kept giving her a bad time about what she was wearing to clean the house. She took it all good naturedly and went about her tasks. Soon it was about an hour from everyone arriving and I went up to take a shower. All I could think about was what Tina had said earlier.

As I stepped out of the shower Tina was stepping into the bathroom. She caught me a little by surprise and I blushed as I had developed a semi erection from thinking about our conversation. She smiled at me and without a word being spoken dropped down in front of me and took hold of my cock and lowered her sweet lips to me. She tickled the head of my cock with her dancing tongue and I felt myself harden to full attention. She noticed and a little moan of delight escaped her while she began to slowly envelope my cock with her moist supple mouth. Soon she had taken my length and pure pleasure surged through my body making my legs weak. She moved back up letting my cock slip from her mouth. She stared at me with those beautiful green eyes and said "Don't hold back. I want your cum right now."

I nodded my understanding without being able to speak as she engulfed my length once again. Tina went to work on me with vigor. She is very talented giving head and can deep throat with relative ease and really enjoys giving it. I am not hung like a horse, but have never had any complaints either. At 5' 10" with a very athletic build I have a 6" very thick cock.

Tina continued to bob up and down while playing with my balls. Grabbing my ass she pulled me towards her encouraging my cock down her throat. With determination she quickened her pace and I felt myself getting closer. She noticed my cock getting more rigid and also knew I was close. Looking me in the eyes, suddenly with a final pull of my ass and a thrust of my cock down her throat I let loose a much needed release. Tina felt the first spasm and held me in as I finished shooting while she swallowed. Tina continued to hold me until I began to soften in her mouth and then she released my now spent cock.

"Now you should be ready for our guests," She teased. "I won't have to worry about the wrong head thinking too much."

I laughed and said, "Yea, but I recover quickly!"

We both laughed as she headed off into the shower. I finished dressing wearing a pair of shorts and a light short sleeve button down shirt. It was quite warm out this evening and I went about making sure we had enough windows open to help cool down the house. 

Soon our guests started to arrive and I yelled up at Tina letting her know that Mark and Gloria had arrived. 

Mark is probably the biggest flirt of us all and Gloria the least. Mark stands at just 6' and weighs somewhere around 200 lbs and is dark haired with olive colored skin. The girls seem to be very attracted to him and wherever we guys go, he seems to attract the most of the attention. Gloria on the other hand is quite reserved and a little over 5' with blonde hair and blue eyes and creates quite a contrast when seeing them together. She is slightly plump but has large breasts which I always try to get a glimpse of. She was wearing a low cut white sheer blouse with a pair of khaki shorts that exposed a nice set of legs. We hugged each other as they came in and Mark offered up a couple bottles of red wine, which I gladly accepted and offered to open immediately.

Right behind them before I could go into the kitchen came Rod and Mandy. Rod is a thin guy who stands at just over 6' with curly brown hair and dark eyes that always seem to be alert. He is a very outgoing person who is just fun to be around. Mandy is just a shorter version of Rod at 5' 5" tall, long brown hair, brown eyes and all the right curves. She completes her package with a pair of C cup breasts that are always standing up proud. She was wearing a beautiful white summer dress that hung well above her knees and allowed a great view of not only her well tanned legs but also her wonderful breasts. We all hugged and moved into the kitchen for some wine.

About the time I finished pouring the group a glass of wine Tina made her entrance and stopped our conversation. She walked in wearing a red thin strapped summer dress that was just simply incredible. It showed off her fantastic body highlighting her perfect breasts that were obviously without the confines of a bra. Her nipples were standing at attention and were perfectly outlined by the thin material of her dress. She looked great! Mark and Rod were staring at her and this elicited a half hearted punch from Mandy to Rod's arm bringing him out of his stupor. We all chuckled and Gloria surprised us by saying, "Wow girlfriend, nice dress. You look hot in that thing!"

Tina blushed but recovered quickly spinning around as she replied, "Thanks sweetie. I just felt like wearing something fun tonight."

As she spun around her dress billowed a bit exposing her marvelous legs and just showing the very spot where her legs meet the roundness of her ass giving us a glimpse of a red thong she was wearing. We guys were speechless as we looked at one another. I could only smile and shake my head in an "oh well" gesture. At this point the hugs began with her and I noticed the extra long hugs from the two other men. Tina was playing it up with them and I couldn't help but wonder what she might be up to. I didn't have long to wonder when I heard a knock at the door and new the last of our guests had arrived. I asked Rod to pour Tina a glass of wine, which he readily agreed to do while I let in Jim and Mary.

Jim was a good athlete in college and maintains his shape by working out all the time. He stands the tallest of us all at 6' 3" and sports a very well toned body. He has blonde hair and blue eyes and always seems to have a tan. Mary is the trouble maker of the gals. She loves to have a good time and is always pushing the others to try new things. At 5' 6" with a slim but not too slim build she is definitely a looker. She has long dark hair, hazel eyes that capture yours, beautiful curves accentuated with large breasts and also nice legs. Jim was in his usual shorts and sport shirt that hugged his physique. Mary on the other hand was wearing a similar style sun dress that Tina was wearing but in black. She was stunning! 

"Hi," they said as I gave them both hugs lingering a bit with Mary as I felt her large breasts against my chest. 

"Welcome," I said as they entered my eyes following Mary as she walked by me to the welcome cries of the others who had worked there way out of the kitchen. 

"No fair," cried Mandy as she took in the dress Mary was wearing. "You must have compared notes with Tina."

Mary laughed as she responded, "I'm sorry, I wasn't sure what to wear and called Tina to ask what she was. She told me and I thought it was a great idea." Tina had wondered over to Mary by this time and gave her a big hug as we men watched with lust in our eyes.

"You brats," chided Gloria. "Always showing off," she joked. 

"No were not!" laughed Tina. "Now who wants a tour of the place?" Everyone agreed to a tour while I made my way back to the kitchen to pour two more glasses of wine. I noticed the other men following the girls a few steps behind as they began checking them out. I smiled in the kitchen thinking to myself that this was going to be a wild night not knowing what we were in store for.

The next couple of hours were spent drinking and barbequing, with the boys teasing each other about our wives. After dinner and dishes we moved into the spacious family room to play a game of Pictionary. Tina and the girls love this game because they always are one team and we men the other. They always seem to win and take great fun in letting us know about it. We guys once again were getting our butts kicked and called for a time out to refresh drinks, which had moved up to margaritas. I made a fresh batch with the help of my teammates while the girls relaxed in the other room.

"Listen guys. We are getting killed in there! We need to cheat or something," Rod joked.

We all laughed and Jim suggested that we keep topping off the girl's glasses more than ours, which we did. Pretty soon the girls were giggling, the shoes and sandals came off and we were treated to a few more shots of cleavage and panties. The real flirting had begun. Every time it was the girls turn to draw on the big board we use, we were treated to a show. Tina and Mary with their similar dresses would kneel in front of the board and hike up their hem lines to just below their enticing crotches. Gloria and Mandy took their turns by showing off their ample cleavage by bending over while drawing on the board. It wasn't long before the pictures on the board were becoming more difficult to decipher and a bit lewd. One particular drawing set everyone off in a fit of laughter. I was the one drawing for the guys and the word was cock-a-doodle-doo. 

I had no idea what to draw so I started by drawing a large cock. This brought a round a jeers from the girls and a multiple of bad guesses from my team. I was a bit flustered and started doodling to get the guys to guess the rest of the word. This confused everyone and pretty soon shouts of all kinds of weird guesses were thrown out. The buzzer went off and a moan from my team arose of another miss. The girls then had a chance to "steal" the point by guessing the word. They all guessed incorrectly and demanded to know the word. I told them it was cock-a-doodle-doo to their chagrin. 

Tina complained, "What the hell was all the scribbling. I thought maybe the first part was a cock, but the second part made me think it was something else like a rocket ship or..."

I cut her off a bit defensive by replying, "Hey, that first drawing was a cock. Can't you of all people tell that this looks like my cock?"

Everyone else began chirping in either defending me or Tina. Finally Tina shouted over everyone's voices, "I certainly could tell if it was your cock or not! And I can prove it."

Sudden silence fell as everyone waited for my reply. "Ok, prove it," I stated defiantly.

"Fine," Tina replied.

I wasn't sure if it was the drinks talking or if this is what she had been scheming all day. I hesitantly asked, "How are you going to prove it Tina?"

"Yea," came a chorus from the guys. 

The other gals gave Tina a questioning look as she sat there pondering her options. I was wondering where Tina was going to take this. I started to get a tingling sensation all over my body as I too waited for my wife to respond.

"Well...I know I can pick your cock out of a lineup," she smiled. "But that would be too easy. Hmm...how about all of you participating. Are you girls in?"

Mandy and Mary enthusiastically said they were in and then everyone looked over at Gloria. Gloria was blushing and being quite shy, took a little convincing by the other girls. I am not sure what they said to her or if the drinks had loosened her up, but she too said she would be in as long as everyone was in looking at all of us men. We nodded that we were in wondering what this meant. Jim couldn't take it anymore and asked, "Ok, now that we are all in, what do we do?"

Once again everyone looked over at Tina waiting for her reply, which didn't take long. She smiled that sexy grin of hers and said, "We girls will sit in a chair blindfolded and you guys will offer your cocks to us and we will pick which one belongs to us. How does that sound girls?"

Mandy and Mary giggled and thought the idea was great while Gloria wasn't so sure. Mark wanting to be a part of this encouraged her saying that it would be fun and that she had always wondered how the rest of the guys were hung. Gloria could have kicked Mark right then and there if he was close enough. Pissed and embarrassed she snorted, "Fine! I look forward to picking out your little prick!" All of us just busted out in laughter as poor Mark could only stand there blushing. He really wanted to participate and thought better of saying anything more. Gloria was going to show him! I could see the determination in her face.

I took charge at this point and told Tina to grab four scarves and I grabbed the men and we went into the kitchen to grab four chairs. When we got in the kitchen I said, "Ok fellas, listen up. When we get the girls blindfolded in their chairs, we do not go to our wives. When we switch, we switch to each others wives and end up where we started. Just follow my lead." They all nodded and we grabbed the chairs and carried them into the family room. The gals were nervously chatting amongst themselves when Tina returned with the scarves. 

"Ok ladies," I started. "Please take a chair and sit backwards on them so that your hands are holding the sides of the chairs. No hands are to be used." The gals started to complain, but Rod jumped in and said, "If you use your hands, it will be easier for each of you to tell who your husband is."

They all agreed to this condition and sat in their respective seats. The girls were blindfolded and asked if they were comfortable and unable to see. They all agreed that they were comfortable and that they couldn't see anything. Gloria complained that she was too short in the chair, so Mark grabbed a cushion of the couch and raised her up to the level of the others. Their hands were placed on the sides of the chairs and then told not to move them until told. The anticipation was thick in the air. I couldn't believe the sight before my eyes. Here were are wives straddling chairs with their beautiful legs and breasts ever so teasingly exposed for our viewing pleasure eager to except four hardening cocks. 

Tina ordered us to strip, which we did in a hurry. I noticed that we were all semi erect and very similar in length. Jim appeared just a bit more well endowed, but I knew the girls were going to find this hard to pick the right cock that belonged to them. I decided at this point to up the stakes. "You know Tina. If you should pick the wrong cock, you should be penalized."

"How so?" She asked with a smile.

"If you guess wrong you should have to finish what you started. That is sweetie, that if you choose wrong, whomever you choose gets a blow job right then."

"Ok," she agreed to the giggling of the others.

"It goes for each of you," Mark joined in.

"Fine," said a still slightly miffed Gloria.

"Ok," Mandy and Mary concurred.

"Great," I said smiling at the other guys. "Let's get started. We are going to move around to each one of you and at the end of the last switch, you will each go in turn starting with Tina and pick which number you think your husband was. When you have made your selection that cock will then stand in front of you for the unveiling. You will have each cock for just 3 minutes. We hope you all can take it," I laughed.

This brought a few sneers and protests. Mandy wanted to know how they could be sure that whatever cock they choose would be the one to be standing in front of them at the unveiling.

Jim jumped in and said, "That will be easy. After the initial evaluation and you have chosen your cock, that cock will be presented to you again for verification. If at that time you would like to change your mind. You may ask for a complete redo or select a cock by number to evaluate again."

"Sounds fair," said a delighted Mandy.

An impatient Tina said, "Come on already. Let's get going."

I looked over at the other men and we each took up a position in front of a different wife. I was in front of Gloria, Jim in front of Tina, Rod in front of Mary and Mark in front of Mandy. I couldn't believe what was just about to happen. I looked down the line of hardening cocks and nodded a go. We each grabbed our semi erections and guided them to the awaiting delicious mouths. I placed my head at the lips of Gloria and she winced a bit before she relaxed and opened her mouth. I felt her tongue flick out to taste me and to encourage my hardness. I watched in utter disbelief as she slowly engulfed my head sending pleasure throughout my body. Keeping her hands on the chair she moved her head forward to take more of my length. I was becoming very hard as she moved away allowing my length to slip back out as she held onto my head with those very talented lips. I looked down the line as each cock was getting similar treatment. I noticed Jim with Tina's exquisite mouth around his cock as he was shoving his complete shaft down her throat as his balls slapped against her chin. He pulled back and thrust forward again impaling his cock in my wife's throat. It was hard to see, but I knew Tina was smiling as she experienced Jim's slightly larger cock.
