 Inside, Linda was walking through the large, open living room completely naked. Danny stood at the far end, checking an answering machine.

The interior was very nice. The living room had two couches sitting on hardwood floors, making an L-shape around a large rug. At the opening of the L shape was situated a large flat screen television. Behind the television stood a series of windows, which gave a clear view of their backyard, complete with in ground pool. Beyond their yard was a low fence and I could just make out the next yard over and it's adjoining house.

Linda had sat on one couch and now lay down. She looked over at me lustfully and my raging hard-on lead me to turn away from the windows and face her amazing body. She was well tanned all over, no lines. Her boobs were about a C-cup, very nice, perfectly tanned. I stared at them because the pink areolas surrounding her nipples were so big. I'd never seen that before in person but now I instantly wanted it.

Glancing down slightly, I noticed her pussy was covered sparsely with a neatly trimmed patch of dark hair. Linda watched me checking her out and apparently liked it because her hand slid down, between her legs and started moving. I could hear the soft slurp, slurp as her juices met her warm fingertips.

Behind me, I heard the clink of a belt buckle. I turned away slightly to see Danny removing his pants. His shirt and sneakers already lay in a pile on the floor. I glanced over him too. I'd never considered myself gay or even bi that much, but I had to admit, if there was to be another guy in this, I could have done worse. Danny was built, but not like a Bowflex model. He looked like he worked out, but wasn't ridiculously sculpted. Kind of a guy-next-door look to him. 

I couldn't help but glance at his crotch. His dick was huge! I'm an average seven-inch man myself, but damn-he had to be about nine inches, and thick to boot. My stare was interrupted by a brief moan from the couch. I turned to see Linda, one hand still sunk in her pussy, the other twisting a nipple. She looked at her husband and moaned: "Oh Danny, look at him stare at your big cock! Oh God that's so hot..."

My dick nearly exploded. Linda was watching me, beckoning now. I moved over to her and in a couple of seconds, she was slurping over my cock. She moved her lithe body off the couch and leaned back into the cushions. I moved forward to accommodate this and leaned my head back as she gave me the most amazing head ever. Her tongue licked my underside, slurped away at it. She sucked ever so gently and took about four inches in. I moaned loudly, already feeling my balls working overtime, ready to pump hot cum down this woman's tight throat.

Somewhere in that haze, I glanced over at Danny. He was standing besides the couch, about a foot away from me, slowly stroking his hard cock with one hand. Then my eyes widened in shock. In his other hand, he was holding a small, handheld camcorder, trained on me and his own wife.

"Oh God...wha-?" was all I could manage to say. I didn't dare break my concentration any more for fear of cumming. Linda took one of my hands and placed it on her left tit. I moaned again...it was so warm, so firm. Her nipple was rock hard and I began tweaking it, cupping the rest of her breast in my sweaty hand.

"That's it-keep it up." Danny said. "Didn't know I'd record this, did you? You like this, being exploited...? This is going to be such a great tape, man."

I couldn't say anything; I was so far gone in lust. I watched as Danny put the camera gently on a tripod, still trained on me and Linda. He came over to us and placed his massive, strong feeling hands on my naked hips. I tensed; he guided me gently out of the way. Reluctantly, I allowed my cock to be pulled out of Linda's amazing mouth. It came with a soft popping noise and now she looked up at her husband and started pumping his dick with her hand.

I stood off to the side, watching as Linda guided that huge piece of male sex organ into her mouth and began expertly sucking. My hand strayed down to my own quivering dick and began pumping it. Danny looked over at me and nodded. "That's it kid, good boy. Hang on a sec and you'll get your turn."

This went on for a second. I had to take my hand off my cock for a minute considering I was so close to shooting my load all over the couch. Danny seemed to see my frustration and pulled out of his wife's mouth. I moved gratefully forward, but was stopped by Dan's massive hand on my abs. I looked up at him questioningly.

"Sit down on the couch, kid."

I did so, puzzled a bit. I sat next to Linda, legs spread, dick sticking up in the air like a flagpole. I watched as Danny lifted his wife up, off the couch and then placed her in my lap. My dick rubbed against her pussy, but didn't go in. I was quivering, shaking now as Linda's warm, confidant hands snaked down, grasped my cock and guided it inside. Her back was to me and so I put my hands on her hips and slowly, oh damn so slowly fucking her. Danny stood in front of his hot wife now and fed her his cock again. 

As she sucked him off, he told me: "Hey kid, just so you know, she's safe. Go ahead and cum up her sweet pussy anytime you want."

I nodded, sweating now, trying not to let this end. I found Linda was pushing back, fucking me in the same rhythm she was sucking her husband off. She was using a massive cock and a boy's dick who she hadn't seen not an hour ago to fuck her silly. My hands snaked around her and up to her tits, eagerly wanting to touch them again. 

I found Danny's massive hands already there and started to moved back to her hips. But Danny grabbed my hands, placed them back on her now bouncing tits and held them there. He began guiding my fingers into things I hadn't thought of before, lightly strumming her nipples. Linda moaned and let Danny's beast out of her mouth for a second to gasp: "That's it, oh, teach him Danny...oh that's so good..."

She started vibrating and I felt a sudden gush all around my thrusting dick. She was cumming on me! I was shocked, I pulled out. She reached down to grab me and push me back in, but her warm, firm hand was too much and I started cumming. My sperm shot forward and landed on Danny's legs. We both sat there, shuddering through that.

Finally, Linda moved off me, gave a final satisfied moan, then turned to kiss me. Her mouth was warm and I could faintly taste what I suspected was Danny's precum. But I didn't care. Her hand was back on my cock. I knew I couldn't come again that fast, but damn if my hard-on wasn't coming back!

Now Linda moved off completely and stood next to the couch. She guided me to the big, soft armrest and laid me, back-up, over it. I relaxed a bit and embraced the soft fabric of the couch. Then I realized Danny was moving up on the couch...and damn, he was fast. I felt his massive head at my ass and before I could even take a breath, he was thrusting. Linda was standing in front of me now, stroking my face. "Relax sweetie and you'll love this, I swear."

I relaxed. My horniness, my lust was returning and so overwhelming that I actually relaxed as I felt Danny sink inches of his man muscle into my virgin ass. It stung at first, but then he backed out slightly and thrust back in. I don't know if it was Linda's saliva or something he put on, but that massive cock was smooth and lubricated now...it slid in and out like a well-oiled machine.

Linda was dressing, which was weird but a bit of a turn on. There I was, being fucked out of my mind by her well-hung husband, and she had collected herself enough to dress. She went to my things and started picking them up. She opened my wallet and pulled out a little wallet picture I carry of my girlfriend. She looks amazing in it and it's one of those ones where she was leaning forward just enough to tease the camera with her plunging neckline.

Linda looked at me and grinned mischievously. She walked over to Danny and showed him the picture. I couldn't see Danny but I felt his rhythm pick up. He started talking again. "Oh man...that's so fucking hot...your girl is so damn sexy...you're like Ken and Barbie....oh God, we're going to have so much fun with you..."

With that, I felt a sudden pull as his dick left me. He rested it on my back and began cumming. I could feel the hot liquid shoot there in jets and then I felt something else. I realized it was Linda's tongue, eagerly licking me clean. Danny's hands left my hips and I sagged down to the couch.

I felt used, but in an amazingly good way. I lay there, trying to recuperate as Linda finished dressing, gathered my things and laid them neatly next to me. She patted my well-used ass and went to stand with Danny as he quickly reviewed his tape.

Danny looked up and said to me: "You're a great fuck, man. We've gotta do this again. Oh, and next time, bring your girlfriend."

"What? My girlfriend? No way-she-she'd never go in for this-she'd-"

"You did." Danny gave that grin, opened the camcorder and pulled out the tape. "And we've got the evidence. I want her, man and so does Linda...so if she doesn't want to play ball and you can't sweet talk her into it, we'll just show her this tape."

*

Authors Note: Any and all public comments are really, really appreciated.