 For those of you who may night have read my previous adventures, I am a slender, fairly fit, dark haired 19-year-old student. I was at the doctors one day and found myself seduced by an older yet oh-so-fine couple. At first, I was incredibly horny thinking I'd get to fuck Linda-an amazing, tanned, brunette babe and one half of that incredible couple.

But as the afternoon seduction went along, I found that not only was I being videotaped, but I was also being set up. Linda's husband Danny took his huge cock and plowed me with it before I even knew what was happening. And I...enjoyed it.

But back to my story. Linda had gone through my wallet while I was being fucked out of my senses and found a picture of my girlfriend, Emma. And the couple that seduced me threatened to tell all unless I brought Emma to them.

Emma is tall, blonde haired, with luminescent green eyes. She tans well (always at the beach in her amazing skimpy bikinis) and works out religiously at the gym. Our sex life was great, but I was pretty damn sure it wasn't to the point where she'd be comfortable getting nailed by Danny, who was a complete stranger to her. Besides, I wasn't sure yet how I felt about her seeing his monstrous cock...

But my instructions had been clear. I was to bring her to Danny and Linda's the following Saturday or else they would mail her a copy of the tape they'd made of my little 'session.' All week long I was a nervous wreck, trying to figure how in hell I was going to get Emma to be fucked by a complete stranger. There was no way out...

That is, until Tuesday. That day I happened to get out of classes at the local college earlier than expected. I decided to head over to my girlfriends house, about half an hour away. Emma is a year younger than me, eighteen, and still a senior in high school. I hadn't seen her in awhile and as I drove, my cock twitched, hoping for the best when I got to her house. Emma's parents are separated, she lives with her dad. He's a doctor nearby in one of the bigger city hospitals-gone for a lot of the week. 

So I parked in the driveway and headed into the house. All was quiet as I snuck up the stairs and down the hallway to Emma's room. As I tiptoed across the carpet, a noise came to my ears and I froze. It was the sound of moaning, in sexual pleasure.

Instantly a thousand thoughts flew through my mind. My cock hardened as I imagined Emma with her friend, Shannon. My hard-on twitched as I imagined her with another guy. My stomach knotted up and my heart raced faster than I've ever felt it go. My breath became short little gasps as I moved to her doorway, which was open a crack. 

I still had to push it a bit and thank God it didn't creak. I peered inside. On Emma's computer screen was playing a hardcore video of two guys banging the hell out of this blonde babe. She was moaning loudly and playing with her tits as one cock sawed in and out of her ass and the other pounded her pussy, making loud gushing noises as it did so.

Emma was seated in front of the screen. She had been wearing a tight blue t-shirt and gray sweatpants. But now her hand was down those pants, flicking her clit back and forth. And her shirt and been pulled up to expose one of her amazing C-cup tits. One of her soft hands was pulling at her nipple and she writhed in her seat, watching the screen.

I paused, torn in thousands of different directions. First-I wanted to charge in there and begin fucking her. Then I wanted the porn she was watching, I wanted to see her watch it. Then I wondered if I should stay quiet and back away...maybe if she felt guilty about this at all, she might be more understanding if I were to suddenly take her to Danny and Linda's...

All these thoughts flashed through my mind in a few seconds. Then I decided. Actually, my dick decided and I followed it into her bedroom.

She was so far gone in lust she didn't even notice my entrance behind her. The video she had been watching ended and she exited the window, then opened up another video. I was shocked to see her so familiar with this. I paused for a second, admiring things and stroking my cock through my pants. 

This new video was of two smoking hot blonde women who cruise around and pick up younger women, actually about Emma's age, and then slowly bring out their inner lesbian. Very soon, the picture cut to an amazing scene of the three women back at a house, naked together on the bed, moaning in pleasure. 

I couldn't stand this anymore and moved forward. I reached my big hands around Emma and gently cupped both her amazing, firm, juicy titties. I held them and began flicking her nipples. Again, to my surprise, she didn't even start with surprise or even turn to see who had entered. She moaned, leaned back in her chair and let me play with her.

"Hey baby." I said. 

Her pretty green eyes flew open and she grinned up at me. "Hey Johnny. Want to watch some pornos?"

I nodded. "But first, something needs your attention."

I moved around between her and the screen. My legs straddled the chair and my cock was in her face. She didn't need any more encouragement than that. She leaned forward and started giving me amazing head. God, she was sucking so well and so hungrily that I started spurting into her mouth no more than two minutes later. She sucked it all down and I withdrew.

"Now, let me show you something." She said and slid easily out of her sweatpants. She wasn't wearing any panties and...her pussy was shaven bald.

"Mmmm...that's new." I said enthusiastically. I was shocked to find I had stirrings of another boner already.

"Glad you like it." She told me as she grabbed the back of my head and thrust my face level with her pussy, then into it. It felt different without any of her pubes, but it was so heavenly. I licked away for awhile, tasting her, rimming her cute little asshole, then finishing her off by using my best technique on her clitty. That sent her into a screaming, shaking orgasm...and I noticed with a perverse pleasure that she had been watching another porno about lesbians as she came...

Still, I didn't dare tell her anything about what happened to me with Danny and Linda. Don't ask me why, but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. Every time I even considered broaching the topic, I got nervous and backed down. Even now, thinking back on it, I shake thinking about telling her. But I came away from Emma's house that day thinking a bit more hopefully. If she was adventurous enough to watch some pretty hardcore porn, maybe she'd be adventurous enough to come along to Danny and Linda's with me.

Saturday came and it was time. I dressed up nicely enough, got the car out and went over to Emma's to pick her up. She came out and it was if someone had shocked my pulse again. Her long blonde hair was flowing behind her, her thin tan legs were being showed off marvelously by a skimpy white skirt that ended about five inches from her knees. And her tight white and blue striped blouse didn't leave much to imagine. She positively bounced into the passenger seat and we were off. 

After Tuesday, I'd deliberately left her alone to allow her inner slut to get stronger again. I wanted her running super-hot, otherwise she might back out of anything I tried getting her into.

I drove the car steadily through town, towards Danny and Linda's. Just as a test, I started talking dirty to her about how sexy she looked. Emma just moaned, leaned back and spread her legs a bit. I took this as an invitation and let my free hand snake between her soft, tan legs and up her skirt.

As my fingers sought to push aside her soft, cottony panties, I realized they were already damp! My dick instantly came to life underneath my jeans. My fingers moved further, seeking out her clit. The slippery folds moved all over my fingers but I eventually found her spot and began slowly tweaking it. Emma was instantly writhing and moaning in her seat.

As I drove, I began talking to her. "Mmmm...that's right baby...you like that, don't you? You like my big fingers playing with your pussy? I'm going to get close to this truck over here, this guy's going to get a nice show...that's right babe...show him..."

I had indeed pulled alongside a delivery van as I drove north on the freeway. A middle aged, dark haired driver peered out and jumped a bit. Emma, the foxy babe waved cheekily at him and spread her legs a bit wider. Deciding that was enough of a show for now, I sped up and left him behind.

I repeated this again with two other trucks and Emma liked it! The second time, she was even naughty enough to unbutton her blouse and show her amazing breasts, restrained by an almost sheer bra, to a young black trucker who honked at us, then nearly went off the road.

It was time to get off the freeway, which I did. Emma's wet pussy was gushing all over my fingers by now and she was nearly in a frenzy, guiding my fingers to her favorite spots. "Oh baby, I'm so hot!" she said. "Do me Johnny! Pull over and fuck me, right on the hood! Oh fuck me baby, please! I wanna be fucked so bad..."

I pulled my hand out of her hot wet snatch and made her remove her hand as well. "Oh babe, you want a surprise...well, you might just get one..."

And I pulled into Linda and Danny's driveway. 

"Where the hell are we?" she asked, serious now. "Hey Johnny, what's this about?"

I grinned, trying to remain confidant. "Trust me. You might like it. Come on inside."

The front door opened and out came Danny, dressed in khakis and a tight polo shirt to show off his physique, followed by Linda in tight, low-cut blue jeans and a flimsy blue top that was amazingly low cut. 

"Who are they?" Emma asked.

"Come on and I'll show you." I said.

*

Author's note: If any of my readers out there would like the fourth installment of this series, leave a comment-I need feedback to know if I should give you the rest or just start telling about my other few experiences...