 To review from last time, when I tried to bring Emma to Danny and Linda's for the first time:

I grinned, trying to remain confidant. "Trust me. You might like it. Come on inside."

The front door opened and out came Danny, dressed in khakis and a tight polo shirt to show off his physique, followed by Linda in tight, low-cut blue jeans and a flimsy blue top that was amazingly low cut. 

"Who are they?" Emma asked.

"Come on and I'll show you." I said.

I got out of the car and was glad to see Emma doing the same. Linda and Danny were walking towards us and I placed my hand on Emma's firm ass, hidden by the soft cotton of her skirt, propelling her forward.

"Hey there! You must be Emma!" Linda said. She extended her hand, which Emma shook, throwing me a confused look. She shook Danny's huge hand as well, smiling at him as she did so. 

Danny smiled back. "I bet Johnny didn't tell you much about us, did he?"

Emma's pretty green eyes were wide and innocent as she shook her head. "No, no he didn't. Who are you?"

Danny chuckled and put an arm around her waist. "Why don't we go inside and all have a chat? You can get to know us better..." 

Something about that chuckle made me raise my hackles. But I calmed a bit, remembering why I had brought her to them. Also, the fleeting thought ran through my mind that I was glad Emma was on birth control.

Emma threw me another look as Danny led her inside. I smiled back and followed them, with Linda beside me. My heart was in turmoil-I was nervous, jealous, aroused and excited all at once. Linda stoked the arousal in me a bit by "accidentally" brushing my ass. I turned to look at her, only to receive an innocent looking sexy grin.

"Missed us, Johnny?" she whispered, leaning in close as we entered the house. Her perfume smelled like exotic fruits. Danny was showing Emma around the house for some reason, as if she were an ordinary visiting guest. 

I found Linda had placed one hand on my chest, the other cupped my semi-hard cock. She made me mute by leaning forward and kissing me and as she did so, she propelled us backwards and sideways, into the hallway that runs along the front of the house from one side to the other. I squirmed, a bit worried. I couldn't see Emma or Danny now and wasn't sure how I felt about that.

But my worry was pleasantly distracted as Linda's soft, tanned body melted into mine. She kissed me deeply and her wonderfully big, soft tits were practically spilling out of her flimsy light blue top. I moaned and cupped one of them, my fingers softly flicking her rubbery nipple back and forth through her shirt. She obligingly raised her arms in the air so I could slip the shirt right off. Her warm, massive breasts spilled out and were crushed against my shirt. I ran my hands down her back and began slipping down her jeans. She wiggled out of them and stood in front of me, wearing nothing but a skimpy thong, from the feel of it.

As we kissed, I felt her hands now loosening my belt and reaching inside my boxers. Her hands found my shaft and stroked it, then pulled it out of the cloth and let it stand between us. She rubbed her smooth hands over it's surface and I felt myself getting harder, my balls already tingling from her technique.

"Do me right here in the hall baby! Fuck me good!" moaned Linda in my ear. Her hot hands had removed my shirt and tossed it carelessly down the hallway. With one silky-smooth foot, she pushed down my pants and boxers until they sat around my sandals in a pile. I stepped out of them and grapsed her little thong. It was white and contrasted very nicely with her tanned skin, much darker than Emma's creamy-golden look. 

I slowly pulled it off. She stepped out of it, tossed it aside. I reached under her and my fingers were instantly soaked. I began toying with her and she writhed on my hand. "Oh...Johnny...fuck me, please..."

Who am I to deny a lady? I made her sit on the carpet. She did so quickly and spread her legs. "Johnny, please, I'm waiti-"

She didn't finish. I was just as eager as she was. I got in position and didn't go slow. I rammed my full length in all at once. She gasped and her back arched. I didn't slow. Just as quickly, I almost pulled completely out, than sank back in. 

"Oh Johnny...this is what Danny's gonna do to Emma..." she told me through groans.

I didn't slow. "Mmmm...can we watch?" I asked.

She smiled slowly. "Yeah...we...can...uhg, oh God yeah...we can watch...you dirty, horny little bastard...oh fuck me..."

Meanwhile...Danny had taken Emma on a quick little tour. As they moved from room to room, he kept complimenting her on her looks and "accidentally" brushing against her. Normally, Emma would have minded. But the mystery of this setup, her earlier horniess and Danny's natural magnetism cancelled all these feelings out. In fact, she wanted him...

"And this..." Danny said as they re-entered the spacious living room. "Is the heart of the action. The living room." 

Emma turned from where she stood next to the big couch, smiled, and clapped politely. "Bravo. That was a great tour." 

Danny came over to stand behind her. He pointed out the window. "That's the backyard. See the pool? Sometimes, if you watch carefully, there's a little bird that sits on the edge and just stares at its reflection."

Emma looked out the window at the lawn as Danny sank down onto the couch. Idly, his hand wandered over to her leg, sliding itself over her smooth skin and up her skirt. Emma froze, but, mostly due to her earlier horniness, did not stop him.

"Funny how things of beauty attract so much attention." He remarked as his fingertips reached Emma's young, firm and athletic buttocks.

"You're a bad man." Emma said, playfully pushing his hand away. "What if my boyfriend see's?"

Danny laughed. "Oh no! What if you see my huge cock and decide you want to ride it and don't care who knows?"

Emma's eyes widened at this and she felt her pussy getting wetter. She tried to remain in command of the situation. She tried so hard not to look at Danny's crotch, which had a huge bulge in it. She closed her eyes briefly, her breath becoming more shallow. She took a step back.

Danny got up, confidently, from the couch. He moved over to her before she could open her eyes. Those pretty green peepers only opened when Emma smelled the closeness of his scent. It smelled so good...

One of Danny's hands was on the small of her back now, not letting her back up anymore. In fact, he pulled her closed to him. His bulge was indenting her soft, cottony skirt and putting pressure on her panties.

Despite herself, Emma found her body was doing things she wasn't in control of. She felt so hot and wet! Her hips moved of their own accord and ground against that hard-on which was being pressed against her. She gasped and stopped herself. Not wanting to look at Danny straight on, she looked down and tried to calm herself. She noticed her nipples were hard and showing clearly through her cute little blouse.

Then, Danny's hand was on her chin. He lifted her face up to meet his, leaned in and kissed her deeply. Emma had time to react. But she didn't. Not negatively, anyway. Instead, she leaned into him and let his tongue penetrate her sweet mouth.

Still kissing, Danny picked Emma up with both hands and set her back against the wall. She swung her legs around his waist and latched on. Her soft, young, tanned arms were around his broad shoulders as her sweet lips kissed his. In this position, with her legs on either side of his waist, her skirt rode up leaving nothing to stop his bulge from pressing firmly, directly on her soft and damp panties. 

Danny ground his achingly hard cock against her panties, trying to move the fabric aside and get at the soft wetness he could already feel on the other side. Emma stopped kissing him and now watched with satisfaction the expression on his face as she ground her pussy against him. One of his hands was now off her ass and on her skimpy underwear, moving it aside.

Emma moaned as she felt her hot, wet folds pushed aside and Danny's khaki-clothed bulge rub against her clitty. She ground against it, her eyes shut again and she leaned her head back to moan.

Danny's hands were now on her blouse, feverishly undoing the buttons. Emma just sat there against the wall, grinding on his crotch, her wet juices seeping through the fabric. Danny managed to slip the shirt off her shoulders then looked at her again.

She had the most amazing young clevage. It was half hidden behind an almost sheer bra and the huge monster in Danny's pants stirred more. Emma felt it and groaned. She reached down and helped Danny undo her bra. He let her down on the floor and pushed her skirt and panties down over her heels. She obligingly stepped out of them and let her bra fall away, standing before him with nothing but her heels.

Danny thanked Linda silently for having this idea. And he thanked God for the camera he had thought to install behind a full length mirror nearly directly across from Emma. Thinking of that camera, he moved aside and said: "Look at you baby. Check yourself out in that mirror. You are so damn fine! Oh, I'm gonna milk your pussy good."

Emma stood in front of the mirror, running her hands over her young, trim, athletic body. She grinned and turned away from it. "There's a camera behind it, isn't there?" she asked.

Danny nodded dumbly. "Johnny told you?"

"No, I just figured it out!" she replied, moving over to him. Together, they took off his shirt and pants and threw them aside. Emma backed away. "Now." She instructed. "Take off your boxers but cover yourself with your hand. Then show me."

Danny obliged and Emily moved back to lean against the wall. She jutted her crotch out, showing her pussy, glistening now with jucies, to face Danny. She dipped her fingers inside, openly playing with herself as Danny stood back up straight, both hands cupping his cock out of sight.

"Ummm...oh...yeah..." Emma moaned. "Okay baby-show me!"

Danny moved his hand aside and it sprung up, pointing at her, hard as a rock. Emma's eyes went wide and she gasped, covered her mouth. "Oh my! That's so big! That's as big as Johnny's! Oh my!"

Danny laughed. "Oh my!" he mimicked, moving closer to her. "It's bigger than Johnny's. Go ahead-you can touch it. It won't bite. It might spit at you though." 

Emma silently, cautiously put one of her soft hands on the massive schlong. Slowly, she slid her hand the length of it. Danny moaned in pleasure and his eyelids drooped. His nutsack tightened and his cock grew even harder.

Emma smiled at this and grew more confidant. She gave a few more steady tugs. "Mmm, such a nice cock." She moaned. "Oh yeah...you like that, don't you? Mmmm..."

Danny nodded. He wanted this hot little thing to suck him off. He clapped a massive hand on her shoulder and tried to force her down. Emma resisted and withdrew her hand.

"No! Ok-we'll take it easy. Just put your hand back..." Danny pleaded.

Emma smirked and put her hand backed, started stroking again. Then, slowly, she got down on her knees and began softly to lick that massive fuck weapon. Danny sighed and toyed with one of her tits. Just to get her back for before, he said:

"Your boyfriend likes this cock too..."

Emma looked startled and tried to back away, but Danny held her there. "That's right. He likes to be fucked with it. What do you think of that baby?"

Emma moaned. One of her hands strayed down between her legs and was pleasuring her pussy. She opened her mouth wide and began to swallow Danny's prick. She sucked expertly for a few minutes, gagging a bit as she tried to adjust to the cock's massive girth. Then she stopped and, turning her pretty green eyes full on Dan said: "Fuck me, too."

Danny grinned, sat on the couch and insturcted: "Climb aboard baby."

Back in the hallway, I had pumped Linda for only a few minutes when she slowed me down. "Let's go see where the other two are." She said.

I started to pull out. 

"Oh...not yet..." she moaned. "Just another minute."

I obliged her happily and almost came right then. But she did something to my balls and the cum backed away. It hurt for a minute, but as long as I got to keep fucking and wasn't damaged...

Finally, she did make us stop. She got up, a bit unsteadily and strolled, naked, into the living room. I walked into the living room behind Linda. I too was totally nude, my semi-hard cock hanging like a battering ram between my muscular calves. But the fact that was I was walking in with my hand around the waist of a beautiful, naked woman was nothing compared to what I saw.

Danny was seated on the couch, also nude and looking smug and content. And facing him, sitting in his lap with her tight little pussy impaled on his monster cock, was Emma, wearing nothing but her heeled shoes.

Emma stirred and looked at me. "Johnny! I'm so sorry-"

"Quiet!" Danny ordered. Before Emma could react, he had moved her off, sat her down and was in front of her, feeding her his cock. He beckoned me to come over, which I did. Emma's wide green eyes looked up at mine. I noticed Danny was holding her head in place, but she wasn't fighting very hard... In fact, she seemed to be enjoying it now...

"OK Johnny." He grinned. "Now that she's nice and quiet..."

Emma moaned as her lips parted to admit a jaw-expanding mushroom shaped head. Danny watched her with amusement. "I had my turn with her. She's very, very good. Ugh damn-and she gives good head too." Danny told me, sweating slightly with effort. "Now, I want you to lick her pussy for her...we'll watch and tape it all."

I nodded mutely, my eyes watching the extremely arousing scene of my hot, young girlfriend sucking off this thirty-something guy with a huge cock. I watched her soft, sweet wet lips and the cherry lip-gloss she had on as it all tried to swallow this huge python in her mouth. 

Danny reluctantly pulled out. Emma moaned a bit, but let him go. He told her to stand in front of me. I knelt in front of her. I admired her amazing abs, soft girlish abs in the tanned creamy skin of her navel. My fingers ran over them as I slowly kissed my way past and down to her shaven pussy. It smelled so good. I extended my tongue and gently parted her lips and licked her clitty. She moaned and shuddered as I did so.

I loved licking her pussy, it always tasted so sweet. The smell was almost an aphrodisiac for me and, with my nose pressed firmly against her mons, that wonderful scent was everywhere. My tongue flicked her clitty back and forth now and she squirmed. Her juices flowed freely down my chin and sometimes into my mouth. I drank greedily.

What I didn't know was that I was being set up. Suddenly I felt rough, heavy hands on my ass. Without turning around from that pussy I had my tongue in, I knew it was Danny. Besides, Emma grabbed my head at that moment and held it firmly against her snatch. "Don't pay attention to him." She ordered me. "Ohhh...just keep licking away."

I tried to stay focused as I felt Danny's big, warm fingers gently applying lube to my ass. He let his fingers dip inside for a moment, which was so erotic and so relaxing it was hard to explain. A second later, his fingers were gone and I felt his large, heavy cock head prodding my hole gently. I moaned as I licked Emma and thrust my ass back against it.

"Mmmm, that's right..." Emma moaned. I looked up at her. One of Danny's hands was slowly mauling one of her amazing tits. Emma herself was staring, wide-eyed at Danny's cock as I felt it slowly sink into me. "Ohh...yeah...fuck him...oh yeah..." Emma's eyes drooped in pleasure now as she let the sensations take her over. She thrust her boob even more firmly into Danny's hand and with her free hand she rammed my face into her dripping wet pussy. She came a minute later, but was not at all tired.

Emma, now totally nude and gorgeous, slid under me. Her honey blonde hair, which she had put up, was still up but now loose strands fell around her face, making her look unkempt and even more sexy. She thrust her pussy upwards to be fucked but she didn't have to thrust far. My hard cock sank it's inches deep into her sloppy wet hole. She moaned loudly and began thrumming her hard little clit back and forth. Her amazing, round tits began bouncing in sync with the pumping she was receiving. 

I hardly even noticed. I was somewhere beyond heaven. The rhythm of Danny fucking away at my firm ass and the flexing of Emma's pussy around my own hard cock had transported me somewhere I was addicted to. This was it, this was a surreal scene that I was enjoying. I felt so good, I never wanted to stop. I was addicted. 

I moaned and thrust back against Danny's pushes, grinding my ass against him. His big rough hands were on my hips as he used me for a good buttfuck. I could feel his gigantic prick inside me, it was so huge, so warm and throbbing. My own cock, buried inside the heaven of my girlfriend's sweet pussy, felt like the extension of Danny's own meat pole, which in a way it was. We were all connected in one big fuck chain.

"So...wet...ugh...baby..." I moaned to Emma. 

She nodded. "You like that? You like that Johnny? Oh-some of it is Danny's cum..."

I moaned again. It was so wrong, so forbidden. I fucked her again and relished the thought of his, Danny's, another mans cum sliding onto my own hard weapon as it buried itself again and again into Emma's cunt.

Linda, apparently not wanting to be left out of the action, came over then. She smiled at me, then slowly, slowly sat down so her shins were on the carpet and her pussy was rubbing right in Emma's face. Emma relished it. Her hands reached up, found Linda's wonderful big titties and began toying with them. Linda moaned and ground her pelvis even more onto Emma's sweet young face.

I tried so hard not to cum. I wanted to hold it off for just awhile longer. Seeing Emma's soft hands playing with Linda's boobs almost sent me over. The soundtrack in that room was like a first rate porn video. Emma and Linda both gave the amazing moans of a woman in heat. Their pussys both made squishing noises, they were soaked. From behind me came the grunts and moans of Danny as his dick sawed in and out of my tight hole. I don't even know what sounds I was making.

Then Danny pulled out, swiftly placed his huge sausage on my back. It started shooting out hot gooey jizz almost immediately. I felt it cover most of my back and moaned, again grinding my ass backwards, like a little slut in heat. He came and came in buckets. My ass felt expanded and loose now and I was relaxed.

Now, Danny sat back against the couch and it was me, fucking Emma while she ate Linda's sopping wet pussy. Linda saw this and moved off Emma for a second. She stood next to us, moaning about how hot we looked fucking and softly toying with her wet snatch.

Then she made me lay down and made Emma ride me. I moaned as I watched Emma's tight, tanned body slowly sink itself down on my hard shaft. Then, before I could even get used to this, Linda was hunched over my face, facing Emma. I couldn't see everything, but from the sounds of it, the two girls were kissing each other.