 Chapter One

My wife and I have been married for 9 yrs. Our sex life has been what most would consider cold with no passion. I have understood though and that's why I have hung in there. She was sexually abused from the time she was a little girl and that has caused her a lot of issues when it comes to sex. This has been very frustrating for me because I want so much to make love to my wife and can't because she feels so dirty about sex and just wants it over with as quick as possible. Its so sad because she is beautiful and has never learned the pleasures making love can bring. This is the story of what saved our marriage and taught her to feel like a woman should in the bedroom.

I was getting pretty depressed after 9 yrs of trying everything I could and reading every article I could find to get Renee to open up and relax to enjoy the bedroom. Renee has tried but her issues have been to deep. She does want to overcome this and learn, as she just turned 41 and has never experienced really making love. For a long time I felt it was our age difference as I am 14 yrs older than her. I always say we are the Beauty and the Beast, Renee looks at least 10 yrs younger than her age and has a beautiful and sexy body. I on the other hand am just the opposite. She is 5'10" tall with long legs, long blonde hair, 38d and a perfect round ass. She

has requested to go to a sex therapy class for couples and that was what this story is about.

We arrived at the class a little early and both of us were nervous cause we had not done anything like this before. This was a big step for her and I was proud that she would make this effort. The classroom had a half dozen mats spread out on the floor with one up front by its self. We were the second couple to arrive and were greeted by the therapist, a beautiful woman in her mid to late 30's with brown shoulder length hair and green eyes. She introduced herself as Karen and walked us to the mat next to the other couple. They were in their late 20's and very well looking and clean cut. 

With in the next 15 minutes all the couples had arrived. Karen stood in the front of the class and had us all take turns introducing ourselves and tell our stories as to why we were in the class, and what we wanted to get out of it. After that Karen passed out an outline of what to expect over the next 6 sessions.

Karen started out explaining how important passion is in the bedroom and how it brings couples closer together and builds a stronger bond between them. She then had us show her how we kissed and said that passionate kisses play a very important role in making love. Then the next step she said was as a couple we had to learn about our body and our partners body. What feels good and what does not. Karen asked us all to disrobe, now this was really frightening to Renee, she started to shake and spoke out loud. " I do not think I can take my clothes off in front of strangers!"

Karen replied, "Its ok, no one has to do anything they do not want or are uncomfortable with. You are all here to learn and some things will take time. Just watch and do what you can. Everyone is here for the same reason and you will benefit from what you put into it."

"Hey sweetie, I will keep mine on too, that way you do not feel like the only one."

"Thank You Babe!" She responded and added, " I love you and I'm scared."

" I know you are and I love you too. We will get thru this together at your pace."

I held her in my arms as we watched the class explore each others bodies. They would kiss , lick and caress every inch of their partners body. After several minutes of seeing this all around us I felt Renee's hand start rubbing the inside of my thigh. 

Renee whispered in my ear, " I am really getting turned on, this is the first time I have ever seen anything like this in person, that was not on a movie. And this is really hot. Take your clothes off so I can get to your body. I can see by their reaction what turns each of them on and it's a little different with each one. Maybe its time I see what you like."

I took my clothes off and she started caressing and kissing all over my body starting from my neck and working her way down. She would do all the things she was seeing the others do. Stopping in certain areas and using her tongue in circles. If she felt I liked it she would repeat it a few times before exploring other areas.

"Wow, could it be possible that this class is working on the very first night?" I said to myself silently. She has never even attempted to do this in the 9 yrs we have been married. She would use her hands while she watched the others and then work with her tongue and mouth for awhile. When she started licking the length of my hard shaft and then took in each of my balls as she lightly sucked them, I almost blew my nut at the excitement as she was doing things she had never even tried before. She spread my legs and lifted my ball sack and began licking her tongue in circles under my ball sack. "What a quick learner you are my dear!" I moaned.

" I am so wet right now, I want you to do the same to me." said Renee.

She was already half undressed and I never even noticed. In seconds she was naked.

I could see her excitement and her heavy breathing as she exposed her sexy body. I asked, " are you ok with this? 

" If I wasn't I would not be so wet." As she stuck her fingers between her legs and lifted them up to show the juices dripping off her fingers. She then sucked what was left of her sweet juice off. " Besides these couples are to busy to be watching me so show me some more of this."

I started kissing her neck and lightly using my tongue in circles along her neck and shoulders. She would tighten up when I hit certain areas and I would stay there for a moment before moving on down. Her whole body tightened up as my tongue went on the side of her breast from under her arm up the side of her breast and circled her nipple. I spent several minutes repeating this from side to side. This brought several deep moans from her. As I started moving down and circling her belly button she started to push my head lower as if she wanted my head between her wet thighs now. I was going to make her wait and really want it before I got there. So I slipped right on by and went down her leg to her toes. I then worked my way up, with my tongue, along the inside of her leg and then repeated this on the other side. I worked my tongue all the way up to her wet slit and then stopped and went down and licked in circles just below her opening, tasting her sweet nectar that was running out of her pussy and down her ass cheeks. As my tongue moved up toward her hole she started to moan with a very deep voice. When I stuck my tongue deep into her tight throbbing pussy and my nose rubbed her clit, it sent her into an orgasm that seem to last for a couple of minutes and I sucked and licked every drop I could as she started gushing her best orgasm I have seen her have.

"Ok class, sit up for our discussion now before we end this session."

Renee just rolled over and put her head in my lap. " I do not have the strength to sit up just yet." She replied.

Karen began to ask each couple what they learned this evening. When she got to us she asked, with a smile on her face, " well it looks as though you may have made a discovery tonight. Would you like to tell us what you discovered about yourself tonight Renee?"

Renee's face turned bright red and to my surprise she answered, " I found out what a turn on it is to watch other people touch and turn each other on."

"Yes, Renee, I watched you and it was obvious that your voyeur side came out. But that is what this class is for. Voyeurism is very common, not every one wants to admit it for fear of being labeled a freak. Its actually very common and a lot of people, men and women alike, have this turn on. Its perfectly normal. Your sex life is yours and your partners alone and you should never feel bad, guilty, or ashamed of what turns you on. There is nothing dirty about enjoying a great sex life, however you want to enjoy it." Karen looked at the clock and said, " Times up, I will see all of you next week for session two."

On the way home Renee leaned over and whispered in my ear. " I love you and that was the biggest orgasm I have ever had. Now I will surprise you with a special treat!"

She unzipped my pants and pulled my cock out and totally inhaled it into her mouth. In 9 yrs she has only given me 5 blow jobs and never while driving. I was so hot from the class as soon as her lips went all the way to my balls I knew I was going to cum right away. I went to pull her head away. I'm cuummming, ooohhhh baby. She did not pull away but sucked harder as my hot cum shot deep down her throat. She swallowed several times then sat up and wiped her chin, she looked at me with a smile and said, " I can't believe I have been missing out all these years." She fell asleep on my shoulder after that and when we got home and in bed she leaned over and kissed me goodnight and said, " I cant wait to see what we learn next week." 

That was the first night I have gone to sleep with a smile on my face in a long time. I slept like a baby.