 When we returned to our stateroom we both had the same impressions. First we could not believe that we had sex in front of others. Second there was increased feeling of respect, love and intimacy between us. To our surprise we both had really enjoyed this experience but were unwilling to talk about it because we were aware--and maybe afraid--of where it might lead.

When we awakened on this Friday morning, the next to the last of this cruise, we were docked in the port of St. Thomas. Tourism is the principle business of the protectorate and the dock area was lined with garish displays of locally produced goods. There must have been ten rows of tents for the vendors each of whom was barking out trying to get the attention the newly arrived tourists. 

Before we left our new friends last night we agreed that if anyone wanted to join Susan and I for a trip to Water Island they were welcome. We had been there before and remembered a small beautiful beach that was very private and perfect for a totally relaxing afternoon. Not surprisingly both couples showed up at the right time and place. 

After leaving the ship we had to find a water taxi for the 20-minute trip. There was absolutely no mention or reference to the preceding night's events. It was relaxing to watch the islands pass by and see the other large cruise ships at dock. I assumed 911 was the reason we saw numerous small patrol boats continuously passing up and down the line of floating resorts.

Arriving at the small dock at Water Island was a unique picture. The first fixture is a shower that had only three sides which created a very small area of privacy. The next fixture was an exchange library for guests and residents. That was a home made box with six shelves standing on four wooden legs. The local rule was to put a paperback in the box when you took one out. The island had no source of water except rain water that accumulated in the cisterns of the few permanent residences. Normal matters of personal hygiene must be adapted to the circumstances. Tooth brushing is done without running water and showers required pre-planning and energy to save on the consumption of this resource. None of us had to avail ourselves of either but the signage outlining the local protocol was unique. 

It was only a fifteen minute walk from the island's jetty to our secluded beach but we were carried enough provisions for an overnight stay. The breakfast buffet line had taken a serious hit and fresh fruit, sliced meats and wonderful fresh rolls filled one of the beach bags. Jeff, who considered himself a beer tasting expert brought two six packs of some little known German beer and a couple bottles of chardonnay. The mood was not unlike a tailgate party before a college football game.

Beach towels filled the third bag and of course no one considered bringing extra clothes. It was approaching 11:30 a.m. and the sun was nearing its zenith. It was, of course, higher in the sky than as seen in central Ohio, what little sun there is in early March. Everyone took there clothes off as if they were in the privacy of their own home.

Although this was the third day in a row I had seen them nude, Carrie and Rhonda still created a small but discernable excitement within me. Similarly I was not used to being nude with other males and I have to admit my eyes wandered to their cocks as everyone walked about as if setting up a campsite. 

It was almost surreal to believe that a few hours ago Susan and I had watched the four of them literally dive into one another with breasts, balls, pussy hair, nipples and cocks without concern for who was doing what to whom. 

The last time I saw those two furry little triangles they had been thoroughly fucked and were starting to leak their combined juices before the men went down on their own and then the other's spouse. They seemed to feast on the natural bi-product of their love making. 

Today everyone moved about as couples without the slightest sign of intimate familiarity between them. Everyone applied a liberal amount of suntan oil on themselves and their spouse. Spreading suntan oil up and down Susan's shoulders, back, cute bottom and legs is a real turn on for me.

Approximately 100 yards out from the beach there was a float made with a wooden platform supported with four large drums, one under each corner bobbed gently with rolling surf. Susan and I had started into the water and were about waist deep when she suggested we swim out to the float. We walked about a quarter of the way before we had to start swimming. Neither of us do much swimming and we took our time getting there. On one side was a small ladder which made entry onto the float easier. We stood up and moved about testing our sea legs. We felt a small sense of accomplishment arriving there and enjoyed waving to our new friends. 

I could not keep my hands off Susan and stepped up behind her allowing my oiled and wet cock to slide back and forth across her bottom while my hands circled to her breasts. She turned towards me and we began a mouth-to-mouth kiss like nothing I could remember. Al and Tipper Gore would have been envious.

Susan said that she had really been turned on when the men had gone down on both women after sex the last two nights. It was something we had never considered or even thought of doing. She asked if I would want to try it and I anxiously said yes. The next obvious question was when and where and she very uncharacteristically said, "Let's try it now." 

Without towels the hard rough surface of the float would have been too uncomfortable and possibly painful for either of us to be on the bottom. I did not believe my ears when she said she would get me started with a hand job/blow job combination and when I was good and hard, we would use the ladder and I would fuck her doggy style. I was stunned by her suggestions but more than willing to try. This almost pure vanilla wife took on a new and more spirited flavor I was going to learn to enjoy consuming and sharing.

She proceeded to grab my dick and balls and began to massage both with vigor. She ended this by bending over and licking the precum off and out of my dick. Them, she gave my nuts a good spank and said, "Fuck me now." I was the first one down the ladder and couldn't believe how beautiful her oiled ass was as she started to descend the ladder. I asked her to stop after the first step and put her left leg on the float. I wanted to return the oral favor and stepped up and started tonguing her pussy lips and ass. She has not allowed me near her rear entrance for almost thirty years but that day there was no protest as a ran my tongue over, around and in everywhere. She moaned, "Give me some dick and hurry up about it" as my cock probed for her pussy.

It soon found home and we started fucking with her doing most of the moving while I held onto the ladder. She was never vocal during sex but that day she did not stop talking. There is a constant stream of "Harder," "Fuck me," "Squirt in me now," Give it to me." that quickly puts me over the edge and I banged her pussy hard one last time and held it in while three, four or five quirts of cum found their place in her hard milking pussy. She came nearly at the same time and soon had to stop to regain our composure.

I knew what she wanted, but now after I had climaxed it seemed a bit different. I was anxious to taste her pussy with my cream in it before but then the desire had waned. Clearly her wants had not diminished and she turned around to sit on the float with her legs outside the ladder arms. "You put it in me and made a mess, now get down there and clean it up," she ordered. This was the first time in thirty years I have heard her talk that way and I complied immediately. 

I had to hold onto the ladder with one hand and I could not use my hands effectively. Just looking at her pussy that close was exciting. I asked her to open herself so I could see and then taste our juices. It took a while for our juices to start seeping out but when it did I put my face in her crouch and started to lick and suck like I had seen Jeff and Ralph do the last two nights. I was surprised that the taste, although a little salty, was otherwise very acceptable. Her hips started to move involuntarily and I did my best to keep my tongue and mouth in place. Because of my limited use of hands I told her to help herself. She put her middle finger on her clit and used the small finger to hold open her lips. With just a few strokes back and forth across the clit, her lips started to get redden and she quickly started to enjoy her second orgasm within twenty minutes. When she was able to relax I climbed up the ladder past her and offered my hand to help her up. We stood on the raft in a close hug as I told how much I loved her.

We were somewhat startled when we heard and saw the others standing at waters edge giving us a mild round of applause. Frankly we both had forgotten about their presence. Never being bashful I gave them a small bow. Susan said," Lets go," and then we dove into the clear blue water. In my eyes she was the most beautiful mermaid in the ocean. We swam leisurely to the beach. It is always a strange feeling walking out of the water onto a beach nude but it's a feeling I wish I could enjoy more often. After we had reestablished our spot on the beach I went over to the beach bag to get a couple of beers. There were several empty beer bottles there and one wine bottle had been opened. The food stuffs taken from the morning buffet were enjoyed.

On my way back to our spot with two beers I passed Rhonda lying on her back with her feet about a foot apart. She surprised me when she lifted up on her elbows and said, "You went down on Susan like a prodded you enjoy it?" While I was trying to form a witty response, she proceeded to spread her feet farther apart. I said, "We had an excellent example to follow." I could hardly stop staring at her that perfectly trimmed dark triangle. There was something very commanding about her presence that excited me. We were to find out later she was certainly a take- charge type of person who enjoyed directing others and often for her own pleasure. 

Susan and I enjoyed lying next to one another soaking up this totally new experience. Although we were not strangers to being nude in mixed company the chemistry created with our new friends was unique.

Someone mentioned that it was after 2:00 p.m. and we should think about getting back to the ship. We packed up the empties, trash and our few worldly goods, put our clothes back on and started our 15-minute walk back to the taxi dock. As we left the beach I glanced out at the raft and hoped that some day Susan and I could relieve that intimate moment again here. Everyone seemed pleased with finding our own private hideaway and thanked us for the great idea and execution. Being the new kids on the block we appreciated those comments and sensed our friendship growing. We waited about ten minutes for the water taxi to arrive and then we started the short trip back to the main harbor.

Shortly after we left the dock the remaining beers and food stuffs were rationed. Jeff reached into their beach bag and pulled out his digital camera. He proceeded to take pictures of Susan and I then Rhonda and Ralph and then the four of us together. The taxi driver offered his assistance and we had pictures of all six of us together and then as couples with each other with the hills surrounding St. Thomas harbor in the background. This was a beautiful moment on this vacation that Susan and I were later to agree was a life-altering trip. 

Jeff asked us to meet them for cocktails before dinner and join them at their table for our last evening meal. Without hesitation we accepted the invitation and then proceeded to our stateroom for our afternoon siesta was which was becoming a much needed daily ritual.