 As usual, Susan was the first to wake from our afternoon nap and had already made her way into the bathroom/shower which must have been designed for midgets. It was almost 6:30 and we had an hour before we were to meet our friends at the Starboard Lounge. She had prepared her makeup and was ready to get dressed. When I saw her come out of the bathroom, my cock stirred. I told her how gorgeous she looked and that I would be honored to have her join me on the veranda for a cocktail. She agreed and started to put underwear on, but I stopped her and suggested we stay nude outside for a while. 

I slipped out of the bed and grabbed my camera before fixing a drink and joining her. The day had been perfect in every way. I told her I would like to take some pictures of her nude on the veranda in a variety of poses.

I started out with several G rated photos. I next asked her to turn around slowly so that I could capture her breasts and erect nipples from numerous angles both with her arms at her side and then help behind her head. We both knew but never discussed the reality that she was an exhibitionist at heart and modeling like this is a real turn on for her. I next sat on the deck of the veranda and asked her to turn around again slowly so that I could get pictures of her bush and nipples from all angles in the same shot without showing her face. This had us both excited and I was beginning to drip. 

Then I asked her to turn towards the sea so I could get some shot from behind with her standing, looking over the rail and then with her spreading her feet and legs apart gradually and steadily bending over at the waist until her pussy lips were perfectly framed in the center of the picture. The only thing that would improve that picture was if my cum was still dripping from those beautiful moist lips.

Although we were both really excited and ready to jump each other, it did not happen. Neither of us was willing to admit the truth, which was that we were both anticipating what would occur later in the evening. 

By 8 p.m. we had dressed and were waiting for our friends in the lounge. They arrived again dressed in business-casual attire. As usual Rhonda was the first person I noticed. She was wearing a white silk blouse cut very low and black skirt with a long slit on the right side. Carrie had a multi-colored dress that was cinched at the waist. I knew that Susan was not wearing anything under her dress and suspected if the same wasn't true for the other women. All three women were quite attractive both with and without clothes and they turned many heads as they moved about the ship.

Dinner was wonderful. We had a straight table with three on each side. It did not have the ocean view our usual table had but that was of little consequence. Rhonda was on my left and Carrie on my right. Their spouses were diagonally across from them with Susan directly across from me and between the men. The only thing unusual about this last meal together was the amount of alcohol consumed. Three nice bottles of Australian wine were ordered and consumed. That was followed by after dinner drinks. Benedictine is my poison of choice and Susan always enjoys a well made Grasshopper. No one had considered going to the evening show. No one said it, but we had other entertainments in mind. 

Ralph stood up and announced that he and Rhonda were going to take a walk and hoped we could all meet back at their stateroom in about an hour. Susan said a walk sounded great to her and we went back our stateroom to get more comfortable shoes. It is a quarter mile walk when you take the path around the ship on deck level four where the lifeboat drills are held. We managed two complete circles while holding hands and nodding to the passengers that were relaxing in the deck chairs. 

I said. "Let's use those bathrobes one last time and see what happens." We both knew that the evening with our friends would be full of sexual excitement and activity. We both had our eyes opened to new variations of sexual activity that we enjoyed. We had seen nothing that was repugnant or otherwise unacceptable. In fact we were both pushing our envelops much further that we could have imagined but together we felt more respect and love for each other than we had known before.

It took very little time to get back to our room and 'dress' for the rest of the evening. Susan had already started to get our things ready to be put in the suitcases for tomorrow's departure. Our clothes came off and the robes went on. We grabbed the remainder of the liquor in our room and proceeded down to Cabin 6008. On the way down we both knew that the next few hours could have dramatic affect on our marriage. We agreed that either of us could stop the events at any time and we would leave together immediately.

When we entered their adjoining staterooms or the third time in three day something was different. Both couples were again wearing their bathrobes. We were invited to their combined bar and told to fix whatever we might want. Carrie said that by now we should feel at home with them and to help ourselves. With cocktails in hand we sat together in the dimly lit room and enjoyed the music, the ocean noises and the company of our new friends. 

But something I couldn't quite put my finger on definitely felt different. Carrie spoke up and told us how much they all had enjoyed our company these last few days and appreciated that we had "come out of our shells." She said they were impressed that we were so open-minded and not judgmental of their interactions. She also said that everyone thought we were both hot and fun to be with on this trip. I interjected, "Susan is use to being called hot but it's a first for me. Thank you very much." She went on to say that they get together about once a month at home and sex is the common denominator.

She further allowed, "If Susan and I and are interested, we would love to have join us as well." She allowed as how the group has certain rules that they adhere. It was not important to discuss these matters now but they could be addressed back home. She also said there were almost no limitations on the type of sex they all enjoyed but those variations could also be explored at home. 

Carrie finally said that was enough serious stuff for one night and let's continue to enjoy one another.

Because we were the new couple Rhonda wanted Susan and me to stand on the veranda with our backs touching. We did that and then were told us to close our eyes and go with the flow as she handed us blindfolds. After putting them on I next sensed my bathrobe being untied and then taken completely off. The same thing was being done to Susan and when nude with our backs touching we were told to interlock our arms and not let go for the next few minutes. At the same time some one was moving our feet further apart.

The next thing I felt was two sets of soft hands going from my head to the bottom of my legs. Both sets of hands stopped at my nipples and they were rolled and pinched gently. I was in heaaven, but it got better when two tongues licking my nipples at the same time. Because of her movements I sensed the same thing or something very similar was happening with Susan. Next I felt two soft hands; one gripping my balls and the other hand started stroking my cock. When that ceased and I next felt another set of hands doing the same thing. These hands did the same thing but I felt warm breath near my groin as one of the hands moved between my legs to the top of my crack and then slowly and firmly moved down my ass and a finger probed at my opening. That feeling was incredible. My cock was hard and wanted more attention. Those hands were replaced by two more that were larger and firmer. My cock started to drip and a thumb started spreading my pre-cum around my cock head. I started to jerk because of the sensitivity and I felt Susan moving and jerking in the same manner. My cock was then pushed up against my stomach and a firm tongue started at my balls and licked all the way to my wet and sensitive helmet. After that a fourth set of hands grabbed my balls and a finger from the other hand played with my opening. I sensed a warm mouth was very close. Next my cock head was grasped in a mouth and a tongue swirled around my cock stopping to poke at my slit. This all only lasted about ten minutes and mercifully I did not squirt any come. 

From a distance away Rhonda finally told us to take off the blindfolds, leave the robes on the floor and rejoin them. The four of them were standing and sitting still wearing their robes, holding their glasses and acted as if nothing occurred. Rhonda told me to turn around and kiss my bride and feel her moist pussy. I gladly obliged and my hard dick put my pre-cum on Susan's stomach as I put a finger in her soaking wet pussy and my tongue in her mouth as deep as I could. 

That was the most sexually exciting event of my life and I knew that Susan had the same feeling. Susan told me later that four sets of hands and four mouths had felt and licked her breasts and all four had put at least one finger in her pussy and some pushed at her ass. 

The men handed us our drinks as we went back out to veranda. On the way through the sliding door I felt a slap to my ass not unlike athletes do to each other after a good play. I did not have the guts to look at who did that but I knew it was a sign of affection. Susan and I were still the only ones without robes as we stood together looking at the moon's reflection with the women on my right and the men on Susan's left side.

Rhonda said to me, "George, I want you to come with Carrie and me to their stateroom. Guys, we will be back in a little while. Susan enjoy." At this point I half expected to hear Susan say we have to go now. Instead I looked at her, leaned over and kissed her forehead and told her I loved her as I was lead off the veranda by Rhonda with Carrie following. Looking over my shoulder I saw Ralph moved to Susan's other side and both men dropped their robes. 

The next time I saw my shy little wife, she would have licked their cocks and balls and sucked off and swallowed their cum and both men will have spread her legs, plowed her with their hard fuck poles and shot their cum in her beautiful cunt while the other man had squeezed, sucked and bit on her very sensitive nipples at the same time.

Carrie and Rhonda dropped their robes as soon as we entered the bedroom. Rhonda told me to put my hands behind my head and spread my feet apart so that they could closely inspect my equipment. They take took turns fondling my balls and my rapidly growing cock while commenting to each other how they are going to use me. Rhonda told me to bend forward and put my hands on my knees and proceeded to pull my checks apart while Carrie ran a finger all the way from my balls to the top of my crack stopping at my opening to see how much resistance there was to her probing finger. 

Rhonda then did the same thing however a little more firmly and she succeeded in getting one finger into my rear at least half way up to her second knuckle. I loved that feeling. We had never done anything like that at home.

Rhonda pointed toward the bed and told me to get on my back with my head leaning over the edge of the mattress. Carrie moved down to my feet and had me bring my knees up and kept them widely spread. Rhonda moved toward me and said, "I know what you have been staring at the last few days. I am going to give you a closer look now." 

She proceeded to straddle my head facing away from me. "Like the view." she giggled. I said yes and she said, "I will like it even more when I get my tongue moving around in there. She brought herself down on me and said to start licking from her rear forward and to use my hands to help spread her cheeks apart. I ran my tongue around the rim of her ass and then make a direct assault trying to get into her as far as I could. I had never done this before to anyone but I felt totally under her control and would do or try anything she said to do. She next leaned forward giving me easier access to her pussy. Again I used my hands to open her up and lavish as much tongue on her as I could. 

She told me I was a good learner as she turned around to face Carrie and again brought her openings to my mouth for her pleasure. As she does that I reached up for her breasts and rolled her nipples with my finger which caused her to increase her movement on my face. She next backed away and lowered her breasts to my mouth for more attention. As I sucked on one and twisted the other nipple she told me do it harder until she told me to ease up. I was not use to this much verbal instruction and it really excited me. She finally pulled away and told Carrie to try me out. Carrie who had been massaging my balls moved around and assumed the same positions as Rhonda.

She was not as forceful as Rhonda and it was a pleasure to bath her full crack with my tongue. When she turned around to face my feet and after coming down to my face and tongue she started to slowly grind away. Rhonda got off the bed and came around behind Carrie and wrapped her arms around her and started playing with Carrie's nipples while rolling her own breasts on Carrie's back.

I could hear her talking to Carrie as she used her tongue to stimulate Carrie's ear even more. She urged her to come now and give George his first real taste of their nectar. That sent Carrie over the edge and her pussy became soaking wet as she had her orgasm on my face.

Frankly at this point my neck and tongue were tired and sore. That was the longest session of oral sex I had ever experienced. Strangely my mouth was very dry and I sat up on the edge of the bed and looked for a glass of water. After this I noticed my cock was at half staff and I was in a bedroom with two beautiful nude women who really enjoyed using my body for their pleasure. 

Rhonda continued to set the pace when she lay down on the bed with her feet about 18 inches apart. She asked if I remembered seeing her in that position earlier in the day. I responded, "I could not forget it." She then proceeded to move her legs farther apart and raised her knees. She told me to get my tongue back in her box while Carrie recharged my cock. I immediately went to my elbows and knees with my tongue again at work. Carrie came up behind me and grabbed my dick with her left hand and my balls in the other and started stroking. 

I regained my hardness almost immediately and after Carrie told her that I was ready Rhonda said, "Get up here and slam that dick in me now and don't worry about being gentle." I then scooted up on the bed and pulled her legs around me and then watched my cock part that thick black forest. I could not remember the last time I was in a women other that Susan. The feeling was incredibly good. 

Rhonda proceeded to move her hips and squeeze my dick and I knew I was not going to be able to hold it back very long. Rhonda started telling me what to do, mainly pound her as hard as I can and within moments we both exploded at the same time. While we caught our breaths I stayed on top of her as I started to wilt. She looked up at me and said, 'Not too bad for a first timer. You know to use your stick." I responded, "I wished it was a log like Ralph carried between his legs." She laughed and replied, "That it was a log and that Susan and I would soon learn to enjoy it."

What occurred next took me completely by surprise. I looked up saw Carrie coming out of her bathroom carrying a small and medium sized dildo in one hand and a bottle of Astroglide in the other. We were not complete strangers to adult toys but I did not expect this event. When I naively asked what those were for she replied, "When a man is outnumbered 2 to 1 sometimes it helps to have some assistance." I was mildly offended because I thought I had preformed in a very manly way. She sensed my feeling and assured me that my equipment was just fine and they would show me how to feel even better when I was using it. 

With the toys on the bedside table they asked me to stand up and face them as they sat on edge of the bed. Carrie reached out and took my cock in her right hand and put her left one around my back and down to my crack and started to massage with both. I reacted normally and started to grow. When she had me hard enough to use she said to turn around and bend over and they both touched my ass in different ways. My butt had received more attention in that last hour than it had in the last five years. Carrie said, "She wanted some cock." and lay down and opened her legs invitingly. I got in position and proceeded to stroke her lips with my cock head before starting into her. After I got all the way in and could feel her pubic bone she told me to stop as she began working on my nipples. That is one of my favorite feelings. Susan has learned to use them just like an accelerator. The harder she pinches and twists the harder and faster I thrust and she can adjust my rhythm for her pleasure. Carrie told me to pull out almost all the way and hold it in that position. 

While holding still I felt Rhonda move around behind me and kneel on the bed between my legs. She next separated me with her left hand and inserted her well oiled finger strait into my ass. While rotating it slowly she asked how that felt and I said, "I absolutely loved it." She said that if that felt good, feel this as she put the smaller silver dildo into me. I thought I was going to explode. She moved that one around in me for about a minute before she exchanged it for the medium life like flesh colored one. I thought I was going to be split in two. Carrie got my attention again with a hard nipple pinch and told me to get back to work. I started my fucking motion again while Rhonda adjusted her position so that when I pulled out of Carrie the dildo went further into my ass and it would slide out as I stroked into Carrie. That piston like action was too much for my senses and I told Carrie I was about to come and she said she was right with me. With that said Rhonda moved her mouth to my left ear and started blowing and licking into it. I said," That's it," as I started to come. Rhonda reached back with her right hand and delivered two rapid slaps to my ball sack as if she was trying to get the contents to flow from a ketchup bottle. The combination created the most intense moment I had ever experienced. How I kept form fainting was a mystery. Carrie squeezing my cock with her pussy while pinching my nipples while I orgasmic would be wonderful. When Rhonda filled my ass with that lifelike dildo then French kissed my sensitive ear and finished with spanks to my nuts created a sensory overload. The totality of that could have been fatal to someone with a bad heart condition. Had I not been deep in Carrie when I came I know that I would have shot completely past her and to the headboard. I collapsed on top of her and was unable to move for several moments. The next thought I had was, "Oh, my God what just happened to me."

It took me several minutes to regain my senses after I rolled off Carrie. Rhonda asked, "Did you enjoy that?" The only response I could muster was just a blank stare. I must have lain there for at least five minutes before a normal conversation could start. 

The women went about their business, whatever that was. I sat up on the edge of the bed and drank my water. A few minutes later Rhonda said I was about done. I took that to mean we were done but I was mistaken again. Rhonda said, "It's not fair that Carrie enjoyed two great comes and she only got one. Besides I had not cleaned up all of the mess I made earlier." She said there was still a little bit of me in her and she wanted my help in getting it out. I responded heartlessly, "What do I do now?" She said, "Just lie back and it would come naturally and it won't take long." I did as directed and Rhonda sat astride my face and lowered herself down into my tongue range. It took some effort but I got started. Next Carrie came up behind Rhonda and put her arms around her and started to fondle her breasts. Although I could not see very well I sense that they are either kissing or Carrie was licking her ear because Carrie said, "Harder, harder, pinch harder." and then started her orgasm on my face. The almost bitter taste of our fluids that flowed from her seemed very insignificant at the time. I was exhausted but felt great. As we were leaving Carrie's bedroom I said, "Am I done for the night?" Rhonda responded, "Yes, we are done with you for the night but you are only half finished." I could not respond to that comment.
