 I would recommend that you read the first five chapters of Couples' Life Altering Cruise before proceeding with this chapter. All of the participants and events are 100% fictional although cruises, without the sex, provided the geographical background. If there is sufficient positive feedback to this chapter, the story could continue with more sexual variations discovered back in the Midwest. Comments and suggestions are welcomed, encouraged and appreciated.

*

When we entered our room the first thing we noticed was that our luggage had been picked up as scheduled. All we had remaining were travel clothes and a carry bag for cameras and other personal effects for tomorrow's departure, trip to the airport, and return home.

The first thing I did after the door was closed was to turn Susan around to face me and tell her how much I loved her and kiss her with a passion I did know existed. A man could love a woman more than I loved her. 

Although it was an unbelievably active day, neither of us was that tired. There was no thought of going to sleep at 10:30 p.m. on the last night of our cruise. Besides we had the most sexually active day of our lives and maybe it was time for conversation. When asked what she wanted to do Susan said, "Why don't you take on of those 'blue gold' pills you are always talking about and we can sit outside, finish the wine and then see what happens."

That statement nearly floored me. This was not the same Susan that had started the cruise 6 days ago. This Susan was more alive than I had ever seen her. We sat nude on the veranda in silence while thoughts of where we have been and what had happened ran through our minds. Of course, we could never undo what had occurred and I hoped that we both would have the same opinion about where we wanted this to go. 

Nothing had occurred that I was not comfortable with. Knowing that all four new friends had put my cock in their mouths was surprisingly okay. Similarly, knowing that Susan had sex with two men we met less that 72 hours earlier and two women had thoroughly explored her body did not bother me. In fact, in some strange way that excited me and I did not feel guilty about what had happened to me. 

About 30 minutes after swallowing the 'blue gold' I felt my cock starting to stir. I stood up and took our glasses inside to pour the last of the wine. When I went to the veranda I handed Susan her glass and stood at the railing. Susan said, "Turn around you big guy and let me look at your beautiful cock." I, of course, did as directed. She then said, "You know that in the last three days I have seen more dicks: hard, soft, growing and wilting- than I have ever seen before, let alone touched and felt. I don't care if I ever see another one again because you, and I mean all of you, belong to me I could never love, be happy or satisfied with anyone except you." 

"Stand up and come here you good looking wench and let me hug the most beautiful women in the world. When I say beautiful I mean beautiful inside and out, awake and asleep, dressed and undressed." It was wonderful having her in front of me with her breasts and beautiful strawberry bush rubbing against my body. I felt I was the luckiest guy in the world.

"Let's lie down in bed, snuggle together and talk and do what we both want to do." she suggested.

She was the first to hit the bed, and left the covers off for me. After one more trip to the head, I joined her, turned off the last light and took a deep sigh and turned towards her. The silence was broken when I said, "Well, what did you do tonight?"

She giggled and said, "Do you want the short, medium or long version of tonight's events? But before you answer that, I want you to know that I appreciated you allowing me to enjoy two men tonight. In my wildest dreams I would have never thought anything like this could happen. I know that your leaving me on the veranda with those two men took a lot effort on your part. George, thank you for tonight."

I replied, "Let's start with the short version. I am not sure how I am going to take this."

"Well, I was felt, fingered, fed and fucked by two hard cocks and serviced by two experienced tongues, is my short answer," she retorted.

While feeling some movement in my dick which she noticed, I asked for the medium version.

"Okay, I will tell you honestly everything that happened with me," she said, "but I want you to tell me everything that happened to you with those two young hussies."

"Of course I will hot pants, but we just listened to music and danced," I said.

"Bullshit, after both men had their hands all over me on the veranda, they suggested we look in on you, which I knew was only an attempt to loosen me up. Well, it worked. What we saw were you on your back with your head off the bed and Rhonda grinding her pussy on your face while Carrie's mouth was full of your dick and her hands were full with your balls. Carrie did not see us, as she got up and walked around behind Rhonda and started pinching her nipples. There was so much pussy covering your face you could have been in a bomb shelter without lights. Rhonda turned her head and told Carrie to pinch harder as they put their lips together. Rhonda was not quiet when her pussy exploded on your face."

That was enough for her to observe and they left for Ralph and Rhonda's bedroom. The men decided that the order of events would not be as she would have expected. As much as they wanted their dicks in her mouth and pussy they decided that their pleasure would follow hers. With the drinks in hand they asked her what the single most satisfying sexual thing was. Blushingly she replied, "George and I making love together would be my first, but if that could not happen I wanted tongues on and in my pussy." They told her to get in her favorite position and they would the best they could.

Susan's favorite position is on her back with a pillow under her cute butt. Her next favorite is to be on her elbows and knees with my tongue licking her clit. Her backdoor has been off limits for years, but before our wedding cake and children she loved to take my cream in her ass, as long as it wasn't too messy.

Ralph moved 2 pillows to the edge of the bed for her. Without hesitation she got into position and Jeff got down on the floor on has knees and immediately put his face into her strawberry pie. Ralph asked her to put her hands behind her head so the; he could have unfettered access to her little tits. Reluctantly she did so and he proceeded to lick, suck and fondle her very erect nipples. Although it is rare for her to cum like that, she felt her first orgasm overtake her within two minutes.

Ralph next asked her to get on her hand and knees and elbows so he could taste her strawberry pie before it had been topped off with cream. For the next ten minutes, while Ralph's cock stood at half mast as he had his tongue buried in her cunt. She felt another orgasm coming and said, "Keep that tongue in my pussy and keep moving it," while her ass squirmed for her pleasure.

At the same time Jeff had moved around in from of her and put his cock in her face and Susan took it in her mouth without hesitation. When she started to cum she grabbed Jeff's ass and pulled him into her mouth as far as she could.

After her orgasm subsided she changed direction and proceeded to suck Jeff's dick head and jack his tool with the same intensity as her orgasm. Jeff had never received head with this much energy, and while looking at Ralph quizzically, proceeded to unload his cream in Susan's mouth which was swallowed without spilling a drop.

When Jeff regained his composure he gave the international signal for a timeout. They rested for ten minutes sipping water and wine. Susan finally said, "Ralph, I know you feel left out but I don't think I can take that huge cock anywhere except in my hands."

He replied, "That's everyone first impression but you will be surprised how easily it will slide into your mouth and your beautiful mound."

Susan said, "Okay, let's try it but I want you on your back like I saw you and Rhonda do it, and I will try to get you in my mouth first."

Ralph said, "I know you can do it but start off licking my balls and then move up to my dick. If it doesn't bother you, put a finger in my ass and that will make me come a lot faster. If you are uncomfortable doing that, I know Jeff will and he knows how to do it."

By this time I was hard as a rock. I could not believe how excited this talk had made me. I had wasted a $10 pill. I sure as hell would not have needed it. My dick had made its way into Susan's pussy with me on my left side and she was on her back with her right leg raised to allow me access. This is our favorite position for talking. With my right hand playing with her right nipple, she continued the story. If this was the medium version, my heart could not take the long version.

Susan licked away at his big nuts and then the entire length of his cock for a few minutes. Ralph was reacting naturally to seeing a new attractive face deep in his crouch. He was not completely hard and Susan started to run her tongue around his helmet and then got that part of his dick in her mouth. She held onto the top part of his dick with her right hand and grabbed the base of his meat in her left. She guessed that there was at least two inches between her hands. She continued her manipulations of this big cock and Jeff came to her side and placed his left hand under Ralph's ass. Ralph lifted up and Susan could guess where his finger(s) were going. Ralph moaned and shifted around and in less than a minute he told her to keep her mouth on his dick head. She felt him jerk and then squirt his jism in her mouth and on her face while bouncing on Jeff's hand. If that was not enough first times events, Jeff looked over at Susan after Ralph was finished and without hesitation leaned over and started to lick the overflow cum from her face.

Another time out occurred but there was no signal given or needed. Jeff remained close to Susan on the bed. After regaining her composure, Jeff said, "George is one lucky guy. To call you hot is an understatement like calling an iceberg cold. Please slide up on the bed and get on your back so I can admire your beautifully trimmed garden." He continued, "From the first time I met you on the beach I wanted to be in this position. Who does such masterful work?"

"George is the only who has ever trimmed me there. He is proud of his work and will enjoy hearing that it was noticed and admired. When he retires he want to set up a saloon at Hilton Head and trims women's triangles, without a beautician's license, of course," she said only half in jest. 

In fact, I had often fantasized about doing that. I had already decided on a name for my adult novelty store, 'Body Paint and Other Paraphernalia.' The back section of the store would house my tastefully decorated, one chair saloon. Ladies would undress behind a screen, put on one of the expensive bathrobes, and sit down in my especially designed chair. There would be a loose leaf folder that would have pictures of various styles of trims they could choose from. Of course, if they just wanted to maintain a soft, fully shaved pussy, I would provide that service. Weekly customers would receive a discount, like the plans offered by tanning saloons.

Jeff said "My tongue and eyes have feasted on your pussy. I would love to slip my dick into you." 

"I hope I don't regret this later, but I want to feel you inside me. No one's cock but George's has been there for over thirty years. Please be gentle," she sighed.

"Of course, I will be and I know that I'll be a lot gentler than our wives are being with George. That guy is in for several first time events," Jeff said as he slid up between her legs. Susan was again surprised when Jeff lifted her legs up with both hand while Ralph took Jeff's cock and pressed it against her cunt lips. Both of them were wet and ready to screw and they began slowly feeling each others styles and strokes. It did not take long for both of them to come with each other for the first time.

I could barely stand it. I had never felt so turned on. This rendition was a life long fantasy coming true. 

Susan continued, "Well, I have been honest with you. You saw the end when Ralph and I finished screwing. When I saw you looking at me, it set off a quick come. Tell me what happened with you."

Jeff retorted, "Well do you want the long, medium or short version?"

Susan said, "Well let's start of with the short one and maybe I will ask some questions."

George replied, "You probably won't believe me. The only things that happened with me are they I almost suffocated me with their pussys, they wore my dick out, they fucked my ass three different ways, and they spanked my balls and they made me eat my cream a couple of different ways. Oh, almost I forgot, they pinched and twisted my nipples and 'Frenched' my ear. They did four of those things at the same time."

"Oh, my God!! I do believe it. George, get on top of me and give me your best and last fuck of the night. If I start asking questions, we will be up all night. I want to know more, and I want to know everything. Maybe we will both want more in the future," Susan exclaimed shortly before they orgasmed for the last time on this cruise.

I snuggled with Susan as sleep finally overcame our tired bodies. I had intended to get up to watch the ship dock at its home port, but that did not happen. We showered for the last time in mini bathroom before going to the breakfast buffet. I had hoped we could enjoy our last meal alone and that did in fact happen.

After gathering our luggage and passing through a very casually maintained customs' gate we went to the taxi waiting area where we saw "the gang." We had agreed to share a ride to the airport and proceeded to fill up a 'soccer mom' taxi. There was no reference made to last night events by anyone, as if nothing had occurred between us. That made Susan and me more comfortable. After the short ride to the airport we collected our luggage and taxi driver collected three $20 bills. That was the first time I had used my wallet in a week although the plastic had been hard at work the whole trip.

After passing through security, the women excused themselves for a last trip to the restroom while the men bought some overpriced coffees at the Starbucks stand.

As the women hugged for the last time, Rhonda said, "We had a great time with you guys and I hope we see you guys again back in Ohio." 

We then headed for our three different gates. Susan and I walked towards Gate 22 holding hands for the first time in years.

The totality of the week's events had not yet hit us, but we both knew we would be exploring more variations with our new friends in the months to come.