 This is my first attempt at this, so any comments, both positive and negative are welcome. This is a true story; only the names have been changed.

My girlfriend is the most sexually expressive woman I had ever had the pleasure of knowing. This is the story of one of the things that happened to us about a year after we got together. We were both in our early 30's at the time (late 30's now) and had already fulfilled some of our mutual fantasies during the year we had been together – stories which I may well put into words later, but for now, you are stuck with this one.

The mutual fantasies were great, but I wanted to try something that was purely for me. To put it bluntly, I wanted to fuck another woman and to watch her do the same. Not that Sam wasn't enough for me, far from it, she was the horniest, dirtiest, nastiest, cock straining woman ever. I don't think she would be overly upset if I told you she is not pretty in the traditional sense, but she is attractive, has a wonderful smile, a laid back personality which means she never gets stressed or gives me a hard time and has the sexiest gleam in her eyes that makes me hard thinking about it. 

We had already discussed our fantasies in great detail, and as I have said, we had already fulfilled some of them. I was wondering if asking her to take this particular one from fantasy to reality was going to be a step too far. I needn't have worried! I could hardly believe my luck when she not only agreed but was enthusiastic about the idea. She had already had a bi experience years before with a friend of hers but it had not developed into more than just a couple of times, but she had enjoyed it and was happy to find someone else to play with, and not only that, but she was fine with the idea of me fucking her as well. Only problem was we didn't want to do it with anyone we knew so it meant having to get pro-active and find someone. I came to the conclusion that finding a single woman to come and join us wouldn't be the easiest task in the world but there were probably plenty of couples out there who were willing, so I put this suggestion to her. I didn't have a problem with other men fucking Sam, in fact I had actively encouraged it in the past as she enjoyed the attention of me and another man, and I enjoyed watching her being fucked, or sucking on another mans cock. She was agreeable to the idea of another couple and I nearly jumped for joy.

We put an ad in a national paper that has a service for people like us looking to meet up with others. Anyone interested in our ad could leave a message on a voicemail system run by the paper for us to listen to and get in contact with if we liked the sound of them. The next week our ad appeared and the night after that there was a message for us on the voicemail. It was from a guy called Chris and he left a few details about him and his girlfriend Lianne and most importantly their phone number so we could get back to them. Sam and I listened to the message several times and decided that they sounded OK and that we should give them a ring to see if they were just as nice one to one on the phone. 

Nervously I dialled their number and Chris answered. I introduced myself and we chatted. We both expanded on the information we had already given about ourselves and after five minutes or so of us talking we handed the phones over to our respective girlfriends so they could have a chat too. It transpired that Lianne and Chris were three or four years younger than us, lived about thirty or so miles away from us and had an almost identical fantasy to ours. Lianne had never had sex with another woman, but was keen to try it and funnily enough Chris was all for it as well. They were even willing for us to swap the two women between us two guys, so it was all systems go!

After a few more phone calls over the next couple of weeks, each one more explicit than the last, we finally found a day when all four of us were free and they arranged to meet us in a pub on the outskirts of our city. This was ideal so that if we didn't get on as well in person as on the phone it would be easier to extricate ourselves from a neutral place like a pub rather than our house. As it turned out we needn't have worried. Sam and I arrived first and were about half way through our drinks when we saw a nervous looking couple matching their description at the other end of the pub. We called them over and after an initial few minutes of pregnant pauses and stilted talking we all began to relax. Chris was a broad muscular shape, built almost like a rugby player while Lianne was a tall, slim and attractive with blonde hair and a lovely willowy figure. We stayed in the pub chatting for about an hour, had a couple of drinks each, but strangely, not once did the conversation get around to sex or what we were all there for, despite the pretty steamy talks we had enjoyed over the past couple of weeks on the phone. 

So now we are back at our place, each of us with a drink, the lights down low and Sam and I next to each other on the sofa, and Chris and Lianne about seven or eight feet away, both sitting on the floor, leaning up against one of the armchairs. This really was an awkward moment. We had been home and chatting for about ten minutes by now, but still nothing sexual and I was beginning to think it was going to go nowhere. We all obviously liked each other or we would not have invited them back and they would not have accepted, but this was getting ridiculous. I decided it was time someone did something and had the feeling that if it wasn't me then it wasn't going to be anyone.

There was a lull in the talking and I made my move. I leaned closer to Sam and kissed her deeply on the mouth. She moaned softly as we kissed and I opened my eyes as we were doing it to see Chris and Lianne watching us intently. I closed my eyes again and concentrated on the kiss. Sam loves to be kissed and is very responsive to it, so I knew she was starting be get turned on just by being kissed. She was wearing a simple white blouse with a shortish black skirt and, as I had seen her getting dressed earlier so I knew she was wearing black stockings under that. Just the thought of what she was wearing is enough to get me excited, let alone the promise of everything else tonight. As I continued to kiss Sam, I let my hand wander down over her neck and over the material of her blouse to the swell of her tits. I could feel the lacy material of her bra underneath and her nipple getting hard under that. She moaned again as my finger and thumb played with her nipples, first one then the other, making them both hard. Still kissing her, I glanced back over at our guests to see that they had moved closer to each other but were still in rapt attention to what we were doing. By now I had undone enough of the buttons on Sams' blouse to expose her cleavage and bra. It was time to take this to the next level. Leaving her tits alone, I moved my hand down her body to the hem of her skirt, which was at just above knee level. Still kissing her I let my hand slide under her skirt. Another moan. The higher my hand went the more it pushed the hem of her skirt up her thighs until her skimpy black knickers were exposed to Chris and Lianne's gaze. This was really having an effect on Sam now, she loves being shown off and even though she had her eyes shut, (yes I was still kissing her), she could tell that she was on display. I was rock hard by now too, and I was dying to get my cock out, but still my hand kept going higher. My fingers sought and found her pussy. She was sopping wet, even through the material of her knickers I could feel the slick fluids that had soaked through. No more mucking about now, I pulled the material covering her shaven slit to one side. She grabbed hold of me so tightly I thought she was going to cum there and then. I knew the other couple would now have their eyes locked directly onto Sam's cunt and the thought of that sent a shiver down my spine. I love showing Sam off just as much as she likes to be looked at.

I could hear whispering from the other two. I broke the kiss with Sam and looked at them properly for the first time since I had started the ball rolling. Chris was gently pushing Lianne in our direction and half whispering encouragements to her.

"Go on babe" he said. She still looked a little doubtful, so he gave her another gentle nudge our way as he smiled at her. She was on her hands and knees now and she slowly padded across the floor looking back just once at Chris who smiled at her again. I broke free of my embrace with Sam to watch expectantly what would happen next. Sam was now reclined back with her ass nearly over the lip of the sofa, her skirt rucked up to the tops of her thighs, her stocking tops and pussy lips clearly in view, especially from Liannes' point of view. As I watched, Lianne moved closer, still on her hands and knees took one look up into Sam's face and then buried her mouth into my girlfriend's cunt. Sam let out a long low moan as Lianne started to lick. She had taken to this like a natural. I quietly got myself off the sofa and went over and sat by Chris in order to get a better view of the show. Sam had by now lifted the cups of her bra up over her tits and was tugging on her own nipples as Lianne continued to lick her. At last I was able to get my cock out and relieve some of the awful pressure that had built up over the last ten minutes or so. Seeing that I wasn't shy about wanking in front of an audience, Chris fished his cock out as well and tugged slowly on his foreskin, back and forth. The scene in front of us was a hot one, Sam playing with her tits as another woman licked her out.

Chris evidently thought it a good time to have some of the action and he too shuffled across the floor on his knees with his cock leading. Lianne had her ass invitingly up in the air as she licked Sam and Chris got up behind her and rubbed his cock up and down her skirt covered ass. I could see Lianne push her ass back against him, but she did not pause in her assault on Sam's willing cunt. I continued wanking as Chris lifted Liannes skirt up over her ass and up her back. I was pleasantly surprised to see that she too was wearing stockings, but these were flesh coloured hold ups which was why I hadn't noticed them before. God, I love women in stockings! By now Chris had pulled her thong to one side and was rubbing his cock up and down the length of her ass, between her cheeks. He took hold of the base of his manhood and pushed slowly but relentlessly into his girlfriend's pussy. That made her pause to draw breath, but almost immediately she was back between my girlfriend's legs. I was loving this, it was like being in my own porn movie and I felt like the director.

My memory of the specific sequence of events is a little hazy now, but the next three hours were the best of my life from a sexual viewpoint. Sam and Lianne changed places and Lianne experienced another woman's tongue on her cunt for the first time. Perhaps not overly surprising, she loved that too. Then it was my turn. Lianne beckoned me over to the sofa and I sat in much the same position as Sam had earlier, although I was fully naked by now, in fact we all were, except the girls had left their stockings on. Lianne was back on her knees again and took me into her mouth. I looked over at Sam, who had wasted no time in getting Chris' cock up into her cunt. He was laying out full stretch on the floor and she had straddled him and was riding his cock like her life depended on it. He had reached up and was playing with her tits as they fucked each other. As I have mentioned, this is a major turn on for me to see Sam take another mans cock inside her, so that scene combined with the wonderful job Lianne was making of sucking me off was heaven.

At some other point in the proceedings, Sam and Lianne were both sat kind of cross legged on the floor facing each other. Both the girls were pushing the neck ends of empty wine bottles into each other. Sam had often done that while I had watched her make herself cum, but to see these to sexy women do it too each other was something to behold. I even managed to remember the camera at this point and got a couple of snaps of them masturbating each other till they both came almost simultaneously. 

A bit later on both girls were kissing each other, deep passionate kisses that lasted forever. They were sat on the floor again and Chris and I were standing over them wanking as we watched them kiss and fondle each other. I had cum twice already by this point and I am sure Chris had done the same, so despite the scene in front of us we weren't about to cum very quickly. I was standing over Lianne and Chris was next to Sam. Every so often the girls would break off from their kissing and take us into their mouths. Whenever this happened I held Liannes head still and fucked her mouth, forcing my cock as far into her mouth as possible. She still kept her tongue moving over my shaft as I did this and the sensations were thrilling. Chris wasn't being any gentler with my Sam and I saw he had the added enjoyment of her playing with his balls as she sucked him. Eventually all this got too much. The combined effect of wanking as we watched them kiss and play with each other and them sucking us was doing its thing. Chris shouted out that he was about to cum and both girls broke away from the kiss they were enjoying and turned their faces up towards his cock. Neither of us men had said we wanted the girls to do this, but it was like they knew just what to do at just the right time to squeeze the maximum amount of horniness out of every situation. I kept pulling on my shaft as Chris took a huge gulp of air and with one last hard yank on his cock, shot a long rope of cum right across both girls' faces. Sam was closest to him, so she took most of the force of it, but the sight of his cum splashing on their upturned faces and into their open mouths was too much for me. My cock erupted about five seconds after Chris' and my own slightly more liquid cum joined his on the girls. Between us we shot it everywhere, in their mouths, all over their hair, streaks of it criss crossing over their cheeks and noses. Some even puddled into Sams eye, but she didn't complain and just took everything we had to give. I was very quick to hand her a tissue to mop our combined spunk out of her eye once I had come down off my cloud though!

Up to this point I still hadn't got to fuck Lianne. We had sucked and licked each other to orgasm a couple of times, but no actual fucking. Chris had fucked Sam at least once to my knowledge and I had witnessed him cum while still buried to the hilt inside her pussy. My head was between Lianne's legs, as I was giving her clit a good seeing to, when she said the words I had waited for all night.

"Fuck me for Gods sake" she almost shouted.

Sam was only a couple feet away from us giving Chris a blow job as Lianne said this. Sam stopped what she was doing and looked at me. My heart sank. I thought that despite everything we had all done this evening she was going to get upset at me fucking Lianne. I should have known better! As Lianne positioned herself on her back with her legs open invitingly in front of me, Sam just smiled at me. I needed no further encouragement. I lay flat on Lianne with my cock resting on her tummy, lifted myself a little and took hold of the base. The head was just nuzzling against Lianne's pussy lips when I looked over at my girlfriend once more. In a low gravely voice, thick with lust she growled at me "Go on sweetheart, FUCK her!" Just her saying that nearly tipped me over the edge, but I kept sufficient control to slide myself into this other woman right there in front of my girlfriend. How lucky did I feel at that moment? She was tight, very tight in fact, and whilst I may not have the longest cock in the world (just under seven inches), it is quite thick. Luckily Lianne was as wet as hell and so even though it was a struggle to start with, I eventually managed to get myself all the way inside her. I looked across at Sam again and the look of pure lust on her face was plain. Chris was licking between Sam's pussy lips now and she had her hand down by his head, rubbing her clit as she watched me fuck Lianne. As I looked over to her she just silently mouthed the words "FUCK HER" and made a gesture with her head to urge me on. I fucked her!

Come one o'clock in the morning I had cum six times in three hours, a feat I don't even remember being able to manage as a teenager. We were all exhausted but had silly grins on our faces. The two girls had disappeared upstairs together for fifteen minutes or so part way through the night as Lianne said she wanted Sam to herself for a while. Chris and I could only imagine what they were doing up there, but the sound of moaning and the unmistakable cries of them orgasming left us in little doubt. Just trying to imagine exactly what they might be doing to produce each moan and cry was erotic all by itself. I was a very happy man and Chris didn't look as if he was complaining either.

Understandably we are taking a bit of a breather, and taking the opportunity to have a drink and relax a bit. We are all totally naked, the girl's stockings having been taken off some time before when they had been soaked by a mixture of cum and pussy juice. Chris was sat at the end of the sofa with Lianne laid out along the rest of it and the back of her head on Chris' thigh. Sam and I were sat on the floor just in front of them. We were chatting and drinking and just enjoying each others company in a non sexual way for a few minutes when Chris said he had something to show us. He asked Sam to pass him the vibrator that had made its appearance felt near the beginning of all this when Lianne had produced it seemingly out of thin air and shoved it up Sam's cunt as she had been sucking me off. Lianne had fucked Sam to orgasm with it even as Sam was doing the same to me with her mouth. 

But I digress! Sam did as she was asked and passed the vibro to Chris. I could tell we were probably going to witness something special by the look on his face – Lianne looked a bit worried though! As Sam and I looked on, Chris let the tip of the plastic cock travel down Lianne's body until it was nestled between her cunt lips. A little deft finger work and the toy was set buzzing away and I guess the tip of it must have been resting against her clit because as he switched it on she took a large involuntary intake of breath and shut her eyes with a smile playing over her mouth. Chris eased the vibro slowly up inside her as she pushed down to meet it. Very deliberately he started fucking her with it, building up the speed and depth inexorably and Lianne responded to each thrust, losing herself to the feelings that were so obviously wracking her body. As she moved closer to orgasm she was thrashing about on the sofa, fucking the vibrator just as much as it was being made to fuck her. With a scream she came, a long, drawn out, body quaking orgasm made all the more remarkable seeing she had already cum god knows how many times already during the course of the evening. Instead of slowing down with the arrival of her climax, Chris started to speed up! The toy was slamming in and out of her body now, a blur as Chris showed no mercy to her dripping cunt. 

"No, oh my God, no!" shouted Lianne

She came again – harder this time.

Still Chris kept it up, a relentless machine driving into his girlfriend's cunt. Her mouth was gaping open, taking in great lungfuls of air, only to expel it in long drawn out screams as her orgasm turned into one long, relentless pulsing through her body. As we watched, pussy juice was literally spurting from her, escaping around the sides of the vibro as her pussy muscles contracted again and again. The liquid was going in all directions, but it was the force with which it was being ejected from her writhing body that was so mesmerising to watch. Her hips were bucking and she kept on shouting "Oh God, Oh God" as she continued to spurt. I had never seen anything quite like it, my Sam sometimes squirts when she cums, especially if she is being licked, but nothing like the force or quantity that Lianne was doing. By now she was almost in tears, such was the intensity of the feelings wracking her body. Chris took pity on her and slowed the manic movement of his hand pounding the toy in and out of her. Bit by bit he slowed it down until he stopped altogether and just let the thing rest halfway inside her, still gently buzzing away. 
