 I am high school teacher at a large suburban school. I do not need to tell you that many of the teachers I work with could easily be classified as nerdy, especially many of the women. The school breaks its faculty up by department similarities, and since I teach history, my department shares a faculty office with the English department.

Most of the English teachers are women, but only a few are remotely attractive. However, few of the women are not only cute, but have massive tits. Adding to the pleasure for the guys, especially the group of us that would not be considered nerdy, the three girls love to flirt, even though they each are married.

The one that was the object of most of my attention, and the rest of the guys admired her also, was the short little blonde, Christy. She was only about five-foot-two-inches and maybe weighed 100 pounds. Her hair was cut in a gorgeous little bob. When she wore a skirt, it revealed very thin, but toned legs. Her sleeveless shirts revealed the same thing about her arms. In fact her entire frame was petite and in great shape. The only thing not small on her were her tits, which had to be at least a d-cup.

Christy knew the guys admired her, and she flirted a little, but she was much more reserved than the other cute girls. In fact, the other girls often engaged in a little office play with some of the guys, but Christy never seemed to have any office hookup rumors surrounding her.

Last semester, I shared my prep hour with her and we often found ourselves talking about anything and everything. Toward the end of the semester and right before Christmas, our discussions centered on sex. We talked about everything: how much we had with our spouses, biggest turn-ons, and other things. 

When the topic of group sex came up, I told her my wife and I had at one time had many group encounters and that my wife was, at one time, was a sex goddess. I told her how much I had enjoyed it, but my wife had decided the group thing was not for her. This I told her, however, did not really stop me from seeking out sex with other women. A few times, when my wife went out of town, I had sex with other women without my wife’s knowledge.

After telling Christy this, I could not wait for her reply. She told me she had only fantasized about having a group encounter, but, while she and her husband had discussed group sex, he did not seem into actually doing it.

That was the last real conversation we had last semester. Soon after, the semester ended, and then we had different conference hours this semester. We resumed our normal flirting as if we just like everyone else in our little group in the department center.

Then, toward the end of February, Christy pulled me aside privately and asked me when the next time my wife was going to be out of town. As luck would have it, I told Christy she would be out of town the first weekend in March and asked why she wanted to know. What she told me shocked me and instantly got me excited.

Christy explained that she had surprised her husband, Kevin, with another woman for a threesome on Valentine’s Day. She explained that Kevin was in heaven for the entire evening, and Christy said it was more erotic than she could have ever imagined watching her husband fuck another woman. Now, she explained further, it was Kevin’s turn to watch her fuck another man and that she wanted that other man to be me.

It took me all of about one second to tell her yes. It took another second for me to get hard. She obviously noticed because her eyes became fixed on my crotch. She just smiled and told me that I had to wait, but as she left, she gave my hard cock a little squeeze.

The next week was the longest of my life. I was so excited to get the opportunity to fuck my hot coworker, but I also had to try to be as normal as possible around her. In addition, I was more than a little anxious about how Kevin would be during this encounter. In all my other group experiences, as I was fucking someone’s wife, my wife was fucking her husband. In that arrangement, no one was watching and getting jealous.

As the time got closer, I began to wish that they had invited my wife also, but she would not have gone, and there was no way I could tell her what I was planning on doing while she was gone.

That Friday, Christy gave me a little note with directions to their house and to be there around 7. Of everything I have ever done in my life, I was never more nervous than I was driving to their house. I was at once excited to get to fuck Christy, and deathly afraid of Kevin’s reaction to all of this. 

Racing through my mind was thoughts of him getting jealous and killing all of us. Of course, I knew that was ridiculous, but my paranoia was on the verge of having me call them to cancel and just turn around and go home.

I got to their house right on time and somehow managed the nerve to go to the door and ring the bell. Kevin answered the door, and I instantly noticed he was as uneasy and nervous as I was. This did not help my nerves at all. He invited me in and asked if I wanted a drink. I told him I would have a beer, while at the same time I was unconsciously sizing him up. He was about the same size as me, but I knew if he went into a jealous rage, then I would have no chance.

I followed him into the kitchen, where he gave me a beer. It tasted very good since there was absolutely no saliva in my mouth. He told me Christy was still upstairs getting ready and that he was fine with what was going to happen. However, his voice was unsteady and it was obvious his nervousness was matching my own.

For the next 15 or so minutes, we drank a few beers very quickly and forced some uneasy small talk. Finally the main star of the evening arrived from upstairs. When Christy showed up in the kitchen, I could not take my eyes off of her. She was wearing a grey silk bathrobe that stopped very high on her thigh. It was loosely tied off at her waist forming a v that exposed the flesh between her tits. The only things really covered by the robe were her actual tits, ass and pussy.

She was also the only one in the room that seemed relaxed about the upcoming evening and soon had the proceeding moving to the living. Completely in charge, she told me to sit on the chair in the middle of the room and for her husband to have a seat on the couch to my left.

After I took my seat, she got a small piece of fabric off the coffee table and moved behind me. She grabbed my arms and pulled them behind the chair where she bound my wrists together. Now, I was almost overwhelmed with nerves, because if he went into a jealous rage, I could do nothing to defend myself.

When she went over to the stereo to turn it on, I peaked over at Kevin and he was just sitting there with what seemed to be a blank stare. My pulse was racing and my nerves were keeping my cock from becoming erect. I could feel it was completely limp.

After she turned on the stereo, she slowly walked over to me so I could get a good look at her. She straddled my lap and kissed me, forcing her tongue half way down my throat. The kiss seemed to ease my nerves some and began to get some movement for me going down below.

Soon she was kissing my ears and neck, while slowly grinding her hips into mine. She pulled back and pulled my shirt over my head, which actually bound me more when she pulled it down my arms. She then began to kiss my chest. As she did so, she slid to her knees and began kissing down my navel, while she was removing my shoes and socks.

I could feel my cock becoming excited, but it was soon halted when I looked over at her husband who seemed to have the same blank stare on his face as he watched us.

Christy, however, was oblivious to her husband as she unbuckled my jeans and slid them off me, leaving me only in my navy blue string bikini underwear, which was covering a cock that was probably only one-quarter erect, despite the obvious sexuality occurring in the living room.

Being exposed, except for my underwear, seemed to weigh on my nerves even more, because, while I knew Christy was into this and wanting to fuck me, I still could not get a read on her husband, and we were getting closer to the time where he may not handle the situation well.

Christy brought my wandering mind back to her when she stood up in front of me and removed her robe. For four years, I had dreamed of seeing her tits, and now they were exposed right in front of me. Her tits were every bit of a d-cup, and yet still were very firm, obviously due to her working out. Her nipples were a deep purple and also very large, and at the moment, very erect. My eyes worked down to her stomach, which was very firm and petite and complimented by a ruby red belly button piercing. A very small black thong string bikini was all that covered her. It was so small it only covered her pussy, but it drew attention to her pussy because the panty had a small letter c right in the middle of the fabric.

She returned to my lap and kissed me some more. Soon she was force feeding her tits into my mouth. I could feel myself becoming more hard when she was grinding into my hips, but it would be a lie to say more nerves had relaxed. She again slid to her knees and in the same action pulled my underwear down to the floor. Now I was completely naked, sporting about a half erection. I may have been able to get myself harder by stroking my cock, but my wrists were still bound.

Christy began to kiss my inner thighs and my balls. She commented that she had no idea I kept my balls shaved and she seemed to enjoy the soft feel of them in her mouth because she spent quite a lot of time kissing them. She then moved at licked the length of my shaft before putting taking my somewhat hard cock into her mouth.

As she was blowing me, I looked over at Kevin who still just sitting there. I was really hoping he was going to do something that could ease my nerves, because the best I could get was about three-quarters hard, despite Christy really being good at sucking a cock.

Christy did not seem to mind the fact I could not get all the way hard, because she stood up, grabbed a condom off the fireplace mantle, and wrapped my cock with it. Then she undid the fabric that bound my wrists. Standing before me, she lowered her thong to the floor, exposing a perfectly groomed pussy. She was completely shaven except for a small patch of fur about a half-inch above her clit.

Standing over my lap, she prepared to take my cock into her. The nerves again kept me from being completely erect and I was somewhat unsure if I could enter her in my state half-erection. However, her pussy was so moist, my cock easily into it as she sat down on my lap.

With my hands free, I was able to feel her naked skin and caress her beautiful tits. I pulled each to my mouth to lick with my tongue as the pace of her hips quickened. I could feel myself becoming more hard as she rode my cock, but again I noticed Kevin had not moved from the couch, nor had his facial expression changed.

She continued to quicken the pace until she was bouncing up and down on my cock. This, to my pleasure, made her tits bounce up and down right in front of my face. No matter how hot this scene was for me, I was not close to cumming because my nerves were not allowing me to. However, my stamina made me feel like seasoned pro.

While I was not close to cumming, Christy was soon climaxing. As she came, the muscles in her pussy contracted around my cock, which helped me get closer to full erection. Soon she was motionless on my lap as she tried to catch her breath. She gave me a very deep passionate kiss and it was during this kiss, my nerves completely relaxed. Not because I had made her cum, instead I noticed that her orgasm had gotten Kevin to remove his clothes. He was now naked on the couch and slowly stroking a very hard cock.

Knowing that he was turned on by what he saw, completely relaxed me and within second I was completely hard inside Christy. With confidence I stood her up and tenderly moved her to her back on the floor. I then dove my tongue into her sopping wet pussy. Her orgasm had filled her with sweet juices that I began to lap up with my tongue.

I ate her pussy for a few minutes until my throbbing cock could not take it any longer. I moved over her and quickly plunged my cock into her pussy. Immediately she wrapped her legs around my waist and pulled me deeper into her with every thrust. Soon we were both near orgasm and as she began to climax, the muscles in her pussy contracted and forced me over the edge. I filled my condom full of cum. 

No sooner had I withdrawn from her to remove my condom, she was heading over to Kevin. She obviously needed no time to recover from her second orgasm, because she was now sucking his cock. I was now on the floor watching them. I had never watched two people have sex right in front of me. As she sucked Kevin, I had a perfect view of her tiny little ass and swollen pussy lips and I could feel my cock start to recover. It usually takes me about ten minutes or so after and orgasm to get going again, but watching them, my recovery time was definitely under shorter.

After a few minutes of sucking his cock, Christy moved to the floor and on her hands and knees, facing me. Kevin moved in behind her and entered her with a quick thrust. He began fucking her hard, but she kept her eyes fixed on me. Meanwhile her tits were dangling in the air and bouncing back and forth with every one of his thrusts. The view was just too much and I was rock hard once again. 

Christy noticed my erection, smiled, and motioned me over to her. I crawled over to her and, on my knees, put my cock right in front of her face. She just opened her mouth wide and I pushed my cock into her mouth, which she closed her mouth around Her muffled moans from her husband fucking her, only sent shivers throughout my body as I slowly moved my cock back and forth in her mouth. 

After a few minutes, Kevin announced he was about to cum. Christy quickly let go of my cock and turned around to swallow his load. This gave me the opportunity to get another condom off the fireplace. Quickly putting it on, I began to fuck her from behind while she was swallowing Kevin.

Kevin was now spent and moved back to the couch. I continued to fuck his wife from behind at a furious pace. I knew that because of the condom and it being the second round of the evening, I would be able to last quite a while this time.

As I was fucking her, she reached around and grabbed my hand off her hips and guided my finger to her asshole. I got the clue and began to put pressure on the outside of the hole, but soon she was guiding my finger completely into her ass. I had no idea my coworker was such a kinky slut.

The thought of possibly getting to fuck her ass made fuck her harder. By this time, Kevin had his cock hard again and got in front of his wife for her to suck him off while I fucked her from behind.

Abruptly she moved away from her husband and myself and announced that it was time for to live out a porn star fantasy. She had seen in some of the movies the woman get double penetrated and she said she wanted it now. Completely in charge now, she pulled me up and sat me down on the couch. Reverse straddling me, she expertly began to lower asshole onto my cock. It was obviously not the first time she had a cock in her ass, because within a minute she had eased my entire cock into her ass. She laid back onto my chest and spread her legs wide for her husband to enter her pussy, which he did.

He began to pump his cock in and out of her pussy. As for myself, I slowly moved my hips as much as I could, but since I was on the bottom of this, I could not move much. However, Kevin’s pumping moved Christy enough that I was enjoying every second of being in her ass. This was the first time I had ever participated in double penetration and was surprised I could feel Kevin’s cock as he fucked his wife.

Kevin fucked his wife’s pussy furiously, which brought her to orgasm twice in a very short time. I was just enjoying having her ass wrapped around my cock, but I thought during her first orgasm she was going to squeeze it right off my body.

Since Kevin was not wearing a condom, he was soon ready to cum and he filled his wife’s pussy with his cum. She asked him to go get her a towel and her baby oil. While he was away, she continued to move hips slowly since I was still in her ass. When Kevin returned, I began to fill some of his cum leak out of her pussy and drip onto the base of my cock and balls.

Christy grabbed the towel and got up off my cock. She wiped her pussy in order to get the dripping cum out. Then she removed my condom and began to wipe me up. Grabbing the baby oil with one hand and my cock with the other, she moved me over to the floor, where she laid down on her back. She moved me over to straddle her chest and applied a very generous amount of baby oil to my cock, which she then massaged all over my member. Quite a lot dripped off my cock and onto her chest. Squeezing her tits together, she told me to fuck them, which I did.

I had never really fucked a woman’s tits since my wife was not really into it, but I soon found out it was not much different than fucking a mouth or pussy. Maybe it was the fact I had been fucking with a condom all night, or the fact that I was sticking my dick in between a pair of tits I had fantasized about for five years, but I was soon ready to cum. 

Christy sensed this also, opened her mouth, and stuck out her tongue. I obliged her by putting the tip of my cock on her tongue just as I was beginning to cum. Even though it was my second orgasm of the night, but since I had been fucking her now for almost 45 minutes, I sent quite a load toward her mouth. She got most of it in her mouth, but some did manage to overshoot her tongue and land on her face.

She grabbed the towel and wiped off her face as I rolled over onto my back exhausted. I noticed Kevin was exhausted also since he had fallen asleep and missed the last few minutes of our show. Christy laid her head on my chest and we both began to drift off. 

We must have fallen asleep for a few hours. The feel of a hand slowly stroking my hard cock, which was hard again, awakened me. I opened my eyes to see Christy smiling at me. I looked around and noticed that Kevin was no longer in the room. She told me he had gone on to bed, but she wanted to have me one more time.

I asked her how long she had been waiting for me to wake up and she told me she had been jerking me off slowly for about ten minutes. With one quick motion she flung her leg over me and straddled me. I asked about getting a condom, but she told me she hated them. She said Kevin insisted on the condom, and she obliged because she wanted to have two cocks at the same time, but that she hated the feel of latex compared to the real thing, especially since the pregnancy thing was avoided by the pill.

With that, my hard cock was throbbing and she rotated her hips back and took me into her. Our lips met in a deep kiss, while pressed her chest against mine. Her hips were slowly digging deeply into mine as she tried to get me as deep into her as possible. Her pace was very slow and it seemed like she never wanted this fucking session to end. I was not opposed to these thoughts.

The feel of the moistness of her pussy was a welcomed feel after using condoms to fuck her earlier. I never really liked them and I never used them with my wife. In fact, the only other times I had used a condom was when my wife and I had done the group things and my few affairs I had when my wife was out of town.

The pace of her hips slowly increased, but I did nothing to speed her up either. We continued to kiss deeply, but each of us also taking time to kiss the others neck and ears. My hands were feeling up and down her bent legs to my sides, her ass, her spine, her hair and anywhere else I could caress. When I caressed her back, I pulled her closer to me, which pushed her tits into my chest. When she lifted away, her tits were brushing back and forth against my chest.
