 After that night with Christy and Kevin, my wife began to do all the things that used to make her my favorite little slut, and some more. 

She was naked around the house much more. She had groomed her pubic hair into a nice little patch above her pussy and dyed the remaining hair blonde, which she had never done before.

She was much more daring when we went out in terms of going braless and even pantiless. She had always looked young for her age, but now she seemed to look even a few years younger. She now often looked as though she was in college.

But the most remarkable attribute my wife had since that night was the sex. She could not get enough. I was more than happy to oblige. We were fucking at the very least once a day. Often times, it was twice a day, especially those days that she had been out with Christy.

The two of them were becoming very good friends. They had begun to shop regularly together and talk with each other all the time. I had my suspicions that they may have been doing more than just shopping and talking. At least I hoped my wife was carrying out a "quasi-lesbian" affair with my coworker. However, I could not be for sure. I knew my wife was again into women, but I was not sure about Christy. While the two of them were becoming friends, Christy was much more conservative than my wife. 

Of course, this all meant that the four of us continued to get together for dinners and going out, and that always ended in a foursome. Over the course of the next three months, I fucked Christy on at least five different occasions. Once school let out, we seemed to get together even more often since they had a pool, which meant skimpy bikinis and skinny dipping. 

While my wife had reawakened sexually, there was one thing that was different. Before, my wife was wanting to fuck anything and everything that had a cock. She had once arranged for a ten-man gangbang of her. This meant that I was free to fuck any pussy that I could, which I did. Now, she was not into just picking some stranger couple at a swinger bar. Our swinging now consisted of just Kevin and Christy. 

I really had nothing to complain about since most men would kill for the opportunity to fuck another woman with their wife's approval, especially one as hot as my coworker. However, I did still miss the days of having sex with numerous woman, but I was not about to bring it up and ruin the relationship the four of us had developed.

This relationship continued to develop over the summer. Since Christy and I are teachers, we had the summer off and Sara had Wednesday's off due to the fact she was a dental hygienist. Kevin took a few Wednesday's off and we went and played golf while the girls did whatever they wanted to.

This continued for the entire summer and school beginning. Once school began, I noticed, my wife started to attend a few of the happy hours with Christy's friends after work. This did not bother me at all, since I was hoping that Sara would be able to convince one of the other hot little co-workers of mine to join us in bed, with or without their husbands.

Before long, Sara decided to host a little party at our house for the Rams' second game of the season. We had just got a high-def television and we both wanted to show of our new little toy. She and Christy had decided to invite the three other girls that Christy had been forever friends with at school and their husbands.

We made all the preparations and that Sunday Christy and Kevin had arrived early to help get everything ready. I noticed that Christy and my wife were giggling and acting a little weird, as if they had something up their sleeves, but I did not pay that much attention to it.

I did, however, pay attention to Christy. She wore a gold halter tank top that only had two tied straps in the back, which meant she was not wearing a bra. I confirmed that by sneaking up behind her and running my hands inside her shirt and caressed her breasts.

"Hey now, you're gonna have to wait," she said as she turned to me. "The others will be here soon."

"I know," I replied. "But the thought of that little thin fabric being the only thing covering your tits and those little white shorts make me want to bend you over and fuck you right now. Anyway, look at Kevin, he has his hand under Sara's skirt."

Before Christy could turn and see her husband fingering my wife's pussy, I grabbed her ass cheeks and pulled her into my growing hard on, which her hips met since she was wearing heeled sandals that seemed to add about three inches to her height. We began to kiss, but before long the doorbell rang.

Quickly, Christy fixed her top and my wife rearranged her panties under her skirt. My hard on, and I am sure Kevin's also, were covered by the untucked t-shirts we were wearing.

I lustily watched my wife head to the door. She was wearing a short khaki skirt and a wine colored spaghetti strapped tank. She also was not wearing a bra.

I caught up to her and we answered the door together. Donna and her husband Tom had arrived. Like my wife and Christy, Donna too was wearing a tank. She was more curvy than my wife and Christy. OK, she was slightly overweight, but she was also the biggest flirt in the department. In fact, she had been rumored to have been with several other guys in the school. Sara hugged both of them and guided them into the house.

As we were letting them in, Missy and Mark pulled up. Missy wore a sun dress that perfectly complimented her athletic body. She was very petite, but had the largest breasts of anyone I knew that was not overweight. Since she always seemed to dress in way that showed off her tits, all of the guys in the departments always tried to guess at the cup size and we had determined they were at least a DD cup. Mark wore what the rest of the guys were wearing, t-shirt and shorts.

I met them at our door and led them into the house. Mark and I joined Kevin and Tom in the living room, while the girls all went into the kitchen. The girls brought us beers and they told us they were going to make margaritas.

As they disappeared into the kitchen, the doorbell rang. Rachel and Aaron were at the door. Rachel was the youngest in the department, but probably the most attractive. She was tall and very skinny with long blond hair, and she played the part of the naïve girl most effectively. She was wearing a pair of shorts that accentuated her long legs and a tiny t-shirt that fit snuggly around her frame. The only flaw she had was her tits were very tiny, but the guys always kidded that they would be perfect to just suck on since the whole tit would fit in your mouth.

They came in the house, I got Aaron a beer and Rachel joined the girls in the kitchen. We could hear the giggling in the kitchen as the girls started downing their drinks. The guys all quickly pounded their first beer, so I went to get more.

When I walked into the kitchen, I saw the women were not just drinking margaritas, but also doing tequila shots. I told them, as I got beer, to bring the tequila to the living room and that the game was getting ready to start.

They followed me out the kitchen with their bottle of tequila and my wife was carrying an unopened bottle also. What happened next, changed the whole complexion of watching the Rams opening game.

The girls lined up side-by-side in front of the television. Surprisingly, the shy and conservative Rachel took the lead.

"Okay, us girls have decided to make the game more interesting," she started in a slightly nervous voice. "We thought that since you guys really wanted the Rams to win, we would make it a little difficult for you. So, here's the deal. We will partner up in a second and everytime the Rams score your girl partner will take a piece of clothing off of you, and when the 49ers score, you will get to do the same to your partner. How's that sound?"

The guys took all of a second to realize this meant that in order for the girls to be naked, the Giants would have to score a lot of points, but also realized the Rams would score a lot so it was possible to get the girls naked and also celebrate a Rams victory. All the guys enthusiastically accepted the proposal.

"If last was any indication, you girls are gonna be naked quickly," Tom added referring to last weeks Rams' debacle against the Giants.

"Well, Bulger starting instead of Warner," Christy added. "That hopefully means that you guys will naked and us girls will get to see what those things of yours looks like hard as a rock!!"

When she said, I could feel my cock begin to stiffen slightly. I noticed a couple of the other guys begin to adjust themselves also.

"Since we are all wearing the same amount of clothes, no real special rules are necessary," my wife started in with as she pulled out five pieces of paper. She grabbed my hat and put the pieces of paper into it. "Okay girls draw which guy you will be ripping the clothes off of when the 49ers kick the shit out of the Rams."

This brought a half-hearted boo out of the guys who were more interested in finding out who they would be stripping naked after each Rams' touchdown. Missy drew first and got Tom, while Rachel drew me. Christy chose next and got Aaron. Donna was paired with Kevin and my wife ended up with Mark.

The girls then sat down on the floor in front of their newly drawn partners.

"One last rule for the game," Missy said as she sat down in front of Tom. "Every time there is a score, everyone has to do a partner shot. That is, the salt has to put on your partner and they have to hold the lime in their mouth. Lick the salt off of them and pull the lime out of their mouth with your mouth."

My mind began to race. It sounded as if the girls had planned this all out. I had no idea that Missy, Donna and Rachel would be into this. I guess that Missy and Donna was at least plausible. The two of them had been around the department a little. While some of the rumors might have not been true, I do know of a couple times. I know for sure that two guys in the department got to see her tits in their faces as she rode them each of them one night after a happy hour. 

Donna was no innocent girl either. She had been rumored to have been with several guys around the school. While none of my closer friends at work could lay claim to having fucked her, her reputation was talked about quite a bit.

I was surprised to think that Rachel was in on the planning. She had always portrayed herself as an innocent little thing. She seemed to blush pretty quickly when the subject was sex. Now, she seemed as if she was as big of a slut as Missy, Donna and Christy.

As all these things were racing through my mind, the game began when the Rams kicked off to the 49ers. After a first down, the Rams defense stopped the 49ers and they had to punt. On the punt, the Rams fumbled and gave the 49ers the ball on the 11.

On the next play, the 49ers scored. I got up and knelt in front of Rachel, who had returned to sitting on the floor, and took her sandals off her feet. Of course, the touchdown meant another change of possession. We did our partner shot as the 49ers kicked off to the Rams. Everyone decided the salt should be their partner's forearm. Despite the lack of the forearm's sexuality, it was arousing to lick the salt off by Rachel, and to get it licked off by her also. Also, retrieving the lime from her mouth was as close to kissing someone as you can get. I had a feeling this night was going to be something to remember.

The Rams began to get a few first downs in a row and before too much longer, the Rams had scored a touchdown of their own and Rachel removed my shoes and socks. The group decided the salt should be on the other forearm this time.

The two teams exchanged possessions a few times. In the meantime, the buzz from the shots were starting to take their toll. The girl's seemed to be a little drunk, but that might have been from the sexual tension that was in the air. Everyone knew that the next piece of clothing would begin to expose each other more than we were used to seeing each other.

Midway through the second quarter, the guys got the break they wanted. Even though the 49ers field goal put the Rams down by 3, it meant the girls were going to lose their tops. Almost in unison, all four of us stood up and pulled their respective game partners up to their feet. In one quick motion, I pulled Rachel's shirt over her head and exposed her chest. Her tits were small, but they were very perky and her nipples were nice and large. She seemed to blush at first but then came in close to me and whispered if I liked what I saw. All I could do is nod and feel my cock stiffen.

My hard on became complete when I looked around the room. My wife and Christy were bare chested, but I had already seen each one of their tits up and close and personal. Donna's tits were also on display and looked like they definitely big enough titty fuck later in the night, but my gaze soon turned to Missy. She had worn a dress and was now standing in the room with just her bra and panties, which were matching. She was wearing a blue bra, which barely contained her ample chest. The bra had some type of beach scene on each of the cups. Her matching thong had a sail boat on the patch of fabric that covered her pussy.

The guys' attention was brought back to the moment when Missy announced we all had a shot to do. After a little discussion, the group decided this time the salt should go on the neck. If I was not completely hard by that point, my cock began to ache when Rachel licked her tongue across my neck. I detected a slight moan from her when I did the same to her.

The girls were disappointed when the Rams' final drive of the half stalled and the half ended with them with more clothes off than the guys. Halftime saw some pretty intense flirting among everyone in the room. If the girls were uncomfortable being so exposed they did not show it. In fact, they seemed to flaunt it, which only drove the guys crazier.

When the second half was about to get under way, the girls announced that they had discussed during the break that new partners should be picked for the third quarter and then again for the fourth quarter.

Of course, as we took our seats on the couch and chairs, none of the guys disagreed and the girls picked their names again from a hat. This time my wife picked first and got Tom. To add to the sexual tension already in the room, my wife went over to him on the couch and jumped on his lap and pressed her cute little tits right into his face. 

Rachel drew second and originally picked Aaron, but since it was her husband, she picked again and got Kevin and she too followed the lead of my wife and jumped on his lap with her tits right at eye level.

Missy drew next and got Aaron, but instead of jumping on his lap she stood on the couch in front of him. Since she was the only one not wearing shorts, the only thing that separated his face from her pussy was a thin piece of fabric. It quickly became obvious that Missy had been to some strip clubs, because she gave Aaron a "table dance" that would have made any stripper proud.

Christy chose next and got me, which meant that Donna got Mark. I did not get a chance to see what Donna did to Mark because Christy was on my lap offering her nipples to suck on.

Now, as the second half got under way, there were ten people in the room that were so turned on that it was amazing that we all just did not say screw the game and begin to fuck in one big pile on the floor. However, I can say for myself, the game we were all playing with each other, made this regular season football game one of the best games I have ever seen.

On the opening drive of the second half, the Rams marched down the field and scored a touchdown. The girls were excited because it meant the guys were going to lose their shirts, and Christy quickly got mine off. The group decided that the salt for the next shot should go on the sternum, in the middle of the chest. Christy sat on my lap and put the salt on my chest. She licked it off and did her shot and as she pulled the lime out of my mouth, we began to slowly dry fuck each other. Our hips continued to grind together as I did my shot off her. 

As Christy moved off of my lap, I noticed that each of the other couples had just as much fun with the last shot and Christy and I did with it. I glanced around the room and noticed each of the guys, including myself, had very noticeable bulges in their shorts.

With the Rams now up 14-10, both teams exchanged possessions before the 49ers were able to get down the field and score a touchdown late in the third quarter. This, of course meant the 49ers took the lead, but to our group of Rams' fans, it did not matter because it meant the girls were going to lose another article of clothing. 

Christy stood up in front of me as I moved to the front of the couch. With my eyes staring right at her lower abdomen, I unbuttoned her shorts and lowered the zipper. I reached around and reached my hand down the back of her shorts, cupped her ass cheeks and slowly worked her tight shorts over her hips. Once I had her shorts there, I brought my hands back around and reached between her legs to work her shorts down her legs that way. As I did that, I made sure that my hand brushed against her panties, which were very hot and wet.

Once I got her shorts off, I quickly took a glance over to Missy and saw that Aaron had exposed her tits and they were the biggest natural tits I had ever seen live. Not only were her tits enormous, they were not very saggy and were an amazing contrast against her relatively petite body.

The group decided the next shot should begin with the salt on the navel of the partner. I went first and licked the salt off of Christy's abs, did my shot and lowered myself down to retrieve the lime, which put us into a perfect fucking position, had we not still had some clothes on. As we were changing position on the floor, Christy pulled me in close to her.

"You know that the others have no idea that we have fucked each other silly," she whispered into my ear. "If we turn up the heat here a little, it may help the other girls get over any doubts they may have about fucking someone else in front of their husbands."

With that, she licked the salt off my stomach and did her shot. However, instead of taking the lime, she removed it and stuck her tongue halfway down my throat. I instinctively reached down and cupped her ass to bring her into me. Immediately, we began to dry fuck each other again. 

I decided to gauge how the rest of the group was reacting to our little show and began to pull Christy's thong off, but my wife was the one who stopped the action.

"Hey big boy," she said as she got off the couch and stopped my hand. "Those panties can't come off until the 49ers score again."

Slightly disappointed, Christy and I broke our embrace and returned to the couch. However, our show had the desired results. I noticed that Rachel was practically jacking Kevin off through his shorts, which she stopped when she noticed I was watching her. At the same time, Donna had her hand in her panties while Mark was massaging her tits. I'm sure that Missy and Aaron had been having fun, but they had stopped whatever they were doing before I could get a glimpse.

We were all very horny, and very drunk, when the third quarter ended with the 49ers leading 17-14. The girls decided it was time to change partners again. This change of partners was more tame than the halftime one. As the girls chose their new man, each of them just sat next to them on the couch, albeit very closely. My wife had chosen Aaron. Rachel was now with Mark, while his wife was with Kevin. Christy moved next to Tom and Donna sat next to me.

I put my arm around Donna as she sat in close next to me. She crossed her right leg over her left and it came to rest on my right leg and she began to play with the hair on my chest as the fourth quarter got under way with Rams with the ball around midfield.
