 The day after our football game experience made work a lot more fun. Of course I had already fucked Christy before, but seeing Rachel, Missy and Donna show up to work, and knowing what they looked like naked, allowed me a wonderful thought in my head every time I saw them. Several times that first week, I had exchanged knowing smiles with them as we went about our regular days. 

Not only had that day made work more fun, it also aroused my wife even more. She constantly needed to have sex. I was more than happy to oblige. In fact, we were probably having sex once a day. She would come home from work and describe some guy that was in her dental chair and how much she had the desire to just start sucking his cock and fuck him to he came in her pussy. 

Of course the details of this would often compliment the flirting that I told her about at my place of work and lead us into the bedroom, or wherever we happened to be, and fuck each other senseless. One additional advantage to this was that I was getting the sexual stamina of one of those porn stars. I was lasting upwards of 30-45 minutes or so, which meant that I was able to produce lots of cum and shoot it a respectable distance. Once I pulled out of my wife to cum on her lower abdomen and some of cum shot all the way to her chin.

Not only was my wife into sex more, I was finally able to get her to pose naked and let me take pictures of her with our digital camera. At first, the pictures were just of her stripping and stuff, but before too much longer, she was masturbating for the camera with her fingers and, then, her vibrator. 

This was all great, but I began to obsess about whether or not Donna and Missy had been serious when I had talked with them about sex at work that day after the football game. I had told Sara about this, and she suggested that I just bring up to them. However, it just was not part of my personality to be so open about sex. My wife then asked if I wanted her to call them (shit, she is a wonderful wife!!), but I thought it would be best to wait and see if that was necessary.

My worries about not having the greatest sex deal on earth ended a few weeks later, toward the end of September. It was a Wednesday and I had stayed after school late in order to catch up on some grading and other menial tasks that I had been putting off. School had ended at 2:55 and it was approaching 4:30 when I was wrapping things up. 

I had just turned off my computer when Missy popped into my room and startled me. I thought I was the last one in my wing around. She did not startle me enough to miss an opportunity to quickly gaze at her. She was wearing a long denim skirt, which stopped at the middle of her calf and had slit up the front all the way to her lower thigh. She had on a white button up shirt that tightly fit around her tits and her high-heeled sandals made her about 4 inches taller.

"I need some paper for the department printer and I need to get a case paper down from the top shelf in the storage room," she said smiling. "I tried to get it done, but it was too heavy, plus with these shoes, I would probably just fall on my ass if I did it myself."

Of course I agreed, and we headed off to the storage room. As we walked, I though if this was my opportunity to find out if she was serious about the promise she had made to me after that Rams' game, or did she actually just need some paper. This type of scenario had always made me uncomfortable (some would say shy).

When we got to the storage room I immediately knew my answer. When I walked in the door and turned on the light, I noticed four reams of paper sitting on the filing cabinet just inside the door. However, I decided to play along.

I grabbed the step ladder and got a case of paper off the tope shelf, while Missy held the ladder. I stepped down off the ladder and put the paper on the lower shelf and turned around to find that Missy now had me trapped, not that I minded at all.

"Remember that little arrangement we made a few weeks ago," she said as she began to unbutton her shirt. "Well, today I have been so horny. Mark left to go out of town yesterday afternoon, and I didn't get any cock last night. And if you don't fuck me right now, I'm not getting any tonight either. Plus, a deal's a deal, so you have to fuck me, right?"

By the time she finished her little speech, she had finished unbuttoning her shirt and exposing a white bra that contained her massive tits. Without actually answering her question, I bent down slightly and kissed her. She eagerly met my tongue with her own. My hands immediately began to caress her tits through her bra, while her hands began to unbutton my shirt.

I then moved my hand down her back to her ass cheeks and pulled her into my now hard cock. As I did this, I found the zipper to her skirt and pulled it down, loosening her skirt and letting it drop to the floor. By this time, she had finished with my shirt and was now working on my belt. Meanwhile we had yet to break our kiss.

She got my pants and boxer-briefs down to the floor at the same time I worked her panties over her hips to the floor. 

"Oh god, I need you in me," she said as she turned around and gave me access to fuck her from behind.

Not needing anymore encouragement than that, I plunged my hard cock into her, I noticed, completely shaven pussy. Within seconds we were fucking at a furious pace. I continued to fuck her as I removed her shirt and took off her bra, leaving her only in her heeled sandals.

After about five minutes of furious fucking she had a major orgasm, and we both needed a little change of pace. We broke from each other in order for her to lie on her back on a desk in the storage room. As I stood in front of her, I got a full view of her tits. Without hesitation I entered her, and she put her feet on my shoulders. Before long we were again at a quick pace and she was working toward another orgasm, which she had a few minutes later.

By now, her pussy was absolutely soaking wet and was making a slopping sound as I pistoned my cock back and forth in her pussy. This served to turn me on further and I managed to quicken my pace even more. The harder I fucked her, the more she loved it, and the more I loved it because it made her tits bounce back and forth as well.

After about 20 minutes I was ready to cum. The excitement of fucking Missy at work, in the storage closet with the possibility of getting caught at any time pushed me over the edge. My only thought now was where I was going to cum. At the football party I came all over her tits, which was my major fantasy concerning her. However, she answered my question before I ever asked it, or answered it for myself.

"Cum in my pussy," she told me absolutely breathless and sensing I was about to cum. "I gotta have you cum in me. Mark's cum in me, or at least one of his friends, every night since your football party, except for last night. I'm fucking addicted to fucking and having a cock explode in me."

This was all the encouragement I needed and I was soon cumming deep inside her. This brought her to another orgasm. After I had cum and she had orgasmed that last time, we were both pretty spent. I kept my cock in her and slowly worked it back and forth as it began to soften.

Missy sat up on the desk with me still in her and kissed me deeply. Our embrace continued while I could feel cum dripping out of her, down my balls, and began to drip to the floor. However, I did not want the kiss we were sharing to end and we continued to kiss until my cock had lost all hardness and slipped out of her pussy.

"Thanks," Missy said as we broke our kiss. "Not just for this, but for everything. I've always been a little bit of a slut, just ask a few of your friends in this department center, but Mark never knew about those times and he never seemed into all the times I tried to get him to be adventurous. 

"However, your party woke him up and I love it. I want sex all the time and now he does too. In fact, last Saturday night, he invited over a few friends of his and they ganged me all night. For a girl wanting lots of sex, having four cocks at your disposal is pure ecstasy. To thank him for that, I invited Donna over on Sunday and we double him up for a while. He loved it a lot. So, thanks and I'm serious here, anytime you need me to be of service to you, I'm here."

I could think of no good reply other than just kiss her again, which we did, rather lovingly.

After short while, we broke our kiss, cleaned up the area and got dressed.

"Hey, don't forget to call Sara sometime. She would enjoy fucking Mark with you. And I think she loves your tits as much as I do," I said as I gave her tits a playful squeeze. "She's gave me permission to fuck you, Donna, Rachel and Christy anytime I want, and she has the same permission from me to fuck whoever she wants to. Does Mark know about what we just did?"

"He will as soon as I talk to him when he gets home. He told me all about some little slut he picked up last night in Chicago. I told him that was totally unfair. I was so horny when he told me about the story that I almost went out to a bar to get some cock at that moment, but I decided to wait 'til today." 

She gave me a little peck on the lips and we headed in our different direction. I glanced at my watch and saw it was 5:45. Since she had the day off the next day, Sara was at happy hour with her friends, and I could not wait to tell her all the details of what had just happened. However, our night was just getting started.

I called her mobile phone and found out she was still at Hot Shots with a couple of her coworkers. I told her I was on my way and that I had something exciting to tell her about. She wanted me to tell her right then, but I told her it would have to wait.

When I got to the bar, I found my wife and one of her friends. My wife was dressed like a little bar slut. It was a warm September day and she wore a sleazy yellow halter top that was completely open in the back, save for three little strings, one around her neck and the others in the middle of her back, tied together to keep it on. It stopped just above her navel and showed off her little ruby navel ring. The rest of her rock hard abdomen was exposed to her hips where her tight little jeans started just below her hip bone. The jeans barely covered her ass and if she was very well-groomed, they may not have covered some pussy hair. She complimented her outfit with a pair of black heeled pumps.

Her and her friend Cara were flirting with a couple of guys at the bar when I arrived. It turned me on to see these two young guys interested in my wife and her attractive friend. Cara was single, but had been in a serious relationship for some time. She had always been a big flirt, but nothing ever had come of it. She was wearing a short green sundress that showed off plenty of skin and a pair of high heeled leather sandals. If she would have let me, I would have loved to bend her over right there and fuck her. Her long black hair had always turned me on.

I walked up and gave my wife a little peck on the cheek and whispered into her ear that I had just come from fucking Missy. When I looked back at her, she had a smile, but did not miss a beat. She introduced me to the two guys she and Cara were flirting with.

I could tell they were very disappointed that her husband has shown up and they seemed to lose interest. This disappointed the girls and they began to give me a hard time about ruining their innocent little fun. I knew it may have been innocent fun for Cara, but I knew my wife had been seriously thinking about fucking either one of them, or both of them.

I could tell Sara was pretty drunk, but she carried herself very well. Before long, Cara said that she had to go, which left just my wife and I at the bar.

"So tell me all about it," Sara said immediately after Cara left. "Did she suck your cock? Did you fuck her tits? Her ass? God, I have been playing this through my head since you called and told me you had something exciting to tell me. Hell, I'm surprised I don't have a wet spot on my jeans I'm so excited to hear about this."

I told her about the entire event, starting at the first detail and made sure not to leave anything out.

"No condom?" she asked me when I got to that part. "How'd she feel? How wet did you get her?"

I continued with my story and my wife was getting more and more of a fuck-me look with each detail.

"Where did you cum," she asked before I was to that point of the story. "Her tits? Mouth?"

When I told her she had wanted it in her pussy, my wife let out an audible and excited gasp. I then told her about how she and Mark had been having lots of sex, and with other people, since our party. I told my wife that I had told Missy to make sure she called her sometime.

"She'd better call. Mark really enjoyed fucking this pussy before and since you and Missy have fucked again, I owe the little whore one."

My wife was now more than just a little drunk, but now she was turned on beyond belief. However, she was not ready to go home yet. She told me that she wanted to play some pool before we left, but not here. Instead we headed over to a small neighborhood bar, close to where we live and next to the university. On the weekends, the place could get a little crowded, but during the week it was usually a nice quiet place with a pool table.

When we got there, only a few cars were in the parking lot. Inside there were a few couples at a few of the booths and three college guys playing pool, but that was all.

"Shit, the pool table is busy," I said.

"That's alright, let's go to the bar and have a drink. Those guys may not be that long." 

We sat at the bar for some time and my wife just kept asking for more details about my afternoon with Missy. Of course, hearing my wife get so excited about the details of me fucking another woman got me going as well. I could feel my cock begin to stir.

"Well, I don't think those guys are going to be finished anytime soon," I said hoping my wife would lose interest in playing pool and want to go home and fuck.

"What do you think would be the chances I would have getting one of those guys to fuck me," she asked me.

"Well, I don't think any one of them would get pissed off if you just went up and started sucking their cock."
 "What about getting all three of them to fuck me at the same time, because I'm so turned on right now. Nothing against your fucking ability, but I think its going to take more than just one cock to satisfy me right now."

"Okay, but let's make this interesting," I said. "How about a little wager?"

"What's the rules?"

"First, you can't take off your wedding rings and second you have to convince them to let me watch and take pictures."

"Deal!! What are we playing for?"

"Well, if I win, you have to convince Cara to fuck me one night, for the entire evening with no one else but you around. If you win, whatever you want, but you have to state it right now."

"Okay, you have to arrange a ten person, blindfolded gangbang for me."

We both agreed to the terms of a little wager and my wife got up and headed for the pool table. Thankfully I was close enough that I was going to be able to hear what the conversation was.

"Hey boys," my wife said in her most flirting voice. "You need a fourth person to make even teams?"

"You any good," the tallest one said.

"Not really, but maybe you boys could show me a thing or two about the game."

The guys all nodded and smiled and each of them was not looking at my wife's eyes when they replied. All three of them were staring up and down her body.

"Okay, which one of you boys is on my team?"

All three of them said "me" in unison.

"Well guys, I can't be on all your teams at the same time, but we'll play long enough so that each of you can have me...on your team."

As I heard her say this I wondered how much of the double meaning these guys were getting.

"What about that guy you came in with, whose he?" one of them asked.

"Oh don't worry about him, he's my husband, but he sucks at pool and let's me play with whoever I want to. Okay, whose on my team first because I need help choosing a stick. I never remember if I want the stick to be long and heavy in order to get more power, or short and light for more control."

The young guy with a light beard moved over to my wife first in order to help her with her pool cue. As he was helping her, she put her arm behind him and on the small of his back.

The scene was amazing and I decided now was the time to really up the ante. I got out my mobile phone and called Christy to see if she wanted to come over to the bar and watch my wife in action. She was not home so I tried her mobile and she did not answer that either. 

I really wanted to have someone watch my wife in action tonight so I decided to give Missy a call at home. She was also not at home, but I was able to get her on her mobile phone.

"Hey what's up right now," I asked her after she had said hello.

"Hey Jeff," she replied. "I'm over at Donna's telling her about our afternoon. Wait...She says that anytime you want to fill her up with cum to give her a call. What's up with you."

"Well, that's why I called. "We're here at Dolly's next to the university and Sara is playing pool and trying to seduce these three college guys to win a bet that we have and I was wondering if you, and Donna, wanted to come over and see the show."

"No shit. That has got to be hot. As long as we get to see all the action, sure. Give us a few minutes. I want to see if that wife of yours is as big of a slut as me. You claim she is and I want to see it. See ya in a few."

As I hung up the phone, Sara was getting ready to make her first shot. She bent over table, her jeans rode down and exposed her low-rise thong and the top of her ass. To make sure the boys paid attention, she was slowly swaying her hips. For anyone who was in front of her, her halter dipped low enough that they could see her tits in plain view.

"Hey Brad," she said as she turned back to her partner. "Come over here and help me line this shot up. I'm pretty drunk and could sure use a strong hand to steady me as I shoot."

Brad immediately got up and stood behind her, slightly off to the side. He bent over her to move her arms into the right position for the shot. My wife adjusted her body slightly and continued rotating her hips, but now into his midsection.

She missed the shot and we she turned around she thanked him for his help and gave him a little peck on the cheek. 

This continued for a few more times around the table. The other guys easily defeated my wife and Brad in the first game. As that game ended, Missy and Donna showed up at the bar and took seats on both sides of me. My wife noticed that I had invited and audience and smiled at me, but this only heightened served to heighten her desire.

The next game she was paired with Luke. As Luke helped her line up her shots, I noticed that he was subtly pushing his hips into my wife's. He helped her line up a bank shot and when she hit it, she got excited and kissed him on the lips. Not needing another invite, Luke pulled her into him and kissed her passionately.

It was Brad who jealously interrupted the kiss by telling them they needed to shoot again. Disappointingly, my wife tried another shot, but missed.

"My God," Missy turned to me and said. "She is such a hot little slut. What's this game you two are playing?"

I explained the rules to Missy and Donna and they both agreed that she was going to win the bet and I was going to have to put together that gangbang. 

My wife lost the second game and as they were getting ready for the third game in which my wife was paired with Jim, Luke suggested an idea, which played directly into my wife's hands.
