 I want to thank everyone for his or her comments about the stories I have written for Literotica. They have really helped me develop my stories better, especially now that I am writing about my real life experiences. The other stories were either pure fantasy or symbolic of a sexual encounter I had, and served to help me develop my erotic writing skills, which helps me tell the stories that are not fictional.

The stories in the "The Coupling Co-Workers" series are true, and I plan to continue to write about my wife and I's sexual escapades under the title of this series. I am currently telling stories about our sex life that are almost four-years-old. However, I can relive these episodes vividly in my mind still to this day. I will continue to write about the most interesting times of our swinging lives, especially as my wife changes careers from dental hygienist to ... 

I hope you have enjoyed and continue to enjoy reading about our lives.

------------------------------

The next morning after I had left Sara with the three college guys, she was still not home. So I spent the day at work wondering what had happened after I left and went home to fuck Donna and Missy. I had called home around 10:30, but no one answered.

After the bell rang to release the students, I headed home as quickly as possible. When I pulled into the garage, I noticed her car was still not in the garage, but when I entered our bedroom, I found my wife having just awoken.

"So what happened after I left," I asked, noticing she was naked under the sheets.

"Oh my god," was the reply. "They were fucking animals. They took turns fucking me until 4 o'clock in the morning. And it wasn't like they took a break. They just kept getting hard. I don't know, the must've each came 5 more times. 

"As one would cum, the other two would just rotate to my pussy and asshole. And then there would be another growing cock for me to suck on."

"So, how many times did they fucking bring you to orgasm," I asked knowing this story was making me hard, but knowing that my wife was probably too sore.

"Hell, I lost count. Maybe 20, but that was just last night. The other one left and Brad, Lance and I just kind of passed out on the bed.

"Then this morning, I guess it was about 8:00. I woke up with a cock being shoved into my ass. When I opened my mouth in, like, shock, Brad was sticking his hard cock in my mouth. It wasn't long before they were dp'ing me. God they must've lasted 45 minutes before they came. I know I came 4 or 5 more times."

"Holy shit, what its like to be young and horny," I said, pulling my hard cock out to stroke it while my wife told her story.

"Fuck, that wasn't it," she continued, smiling as she saw the effect her story was having on me. "After blowing their loads on me, Brad left. He said something about having class in an hour. I was now covered in dried cum and fresh cum. I needed a shower.

"So I got in the shower and about five minutes later, here came Lance in the shower, sporting another hard-on. Fuck my pussy and ass were raw by this time, but you know how I get when I see a hard cock."

"I don't know, the word nymphomaniac come to my mind. Cock whore's another. Cumslut."

"Fuck you," my wife said with a big smile. "Anyway, I didn't have time to decide what to do. He just pinned me chest-first against the shower wall and plowed his cock back into my ass. Hell, he treated me like I was his own personal fuck whore. I know he had had his way pretty much with me with his friends, but this was different.

"I think you guys call it a hate-fuck. That's the best I can describe it. He was really rough and abusive. He was slapping my ass cheeks as hard as he could. Here look."

My wife rolled over and I could see her ass cheeks were really red and in one place I could make out a rough outline of a hand. 

"Holy shit, he beat you pretty good," was all I could muster.

"Not only that, he was pinching my nipples, pulling my hair, telling me how much of a slut he thought I was, and, of course, fucking my ass like there was no tomorrow."

"So, did you like it," I asked knowing the answer and getting more excited as this story continued.

"Fuck yeah. Every time he called me a slut or whore or whatever, I got more turned on. Hell, when he was punishing another part of me, it took my mind off how much my asshole hurt from the previous fucking.

"He was a fucking animal. He was fucking me so hard and fast, I could barely breathe. Then all of a sudden he pulled out of me and turned me around. He pushed me to my knees, grabbed me by the hair and forced his cock down my throat. He grabbed me by the hair to pull me away from his cock, but before he was completely out of my mouth, he pulled me back and forced his cock back down my throat.

"After a few times of this, I just opened my mouth and let him do whatever. Pretty soon, he was fucking my mouth just as hard as he was fucking me before. The whole time he was telling how much of a slut he thought I was. It wasn't too much longer before I could feel him begin to tighten and shoot his load down my throat."

"What was that, like his seventh orgasm," I asked as I stroked my rock hard cock. "How much cum did he have to swallow? A teaspoon?"

"For having cum so many times, he was still able to cum enough to force me to swallow in two gulps," Sara replied, grabbing my cock and helping me jack off. 

"Wow, that's one of the greatest fuck stories ever. And it was..."

"Yeah, it was a great night of fucking," my wife interrupted. "I felt like a combination of porn star, prostitute and just a pure slut. When you were taking pictures, god that felt awesome

"I think that might be the ultimate fantasy," she continued as she rolled over to between my legs.

"What, to be paid to fuck strangers like a call girl," I asked sarcastically, knowing that she was referring to the porn star thing.

"Well, now that you mention it, getting paid to do what I did last night wouldn't be so bad," she answered as she started to give little kisses to the tip of my cock. "I think I might be pretty enough to earn some serious cash, don't you think?"

"I think you'd make a fortune," I said surprised by where the conversation was going. "From last night, I know you could see multiple clients per night. Plus you could charge more to fuck that cute ass of yours."

"Yeah, but what would you think about it," she asked me as she moved up in order to straddle my cock. 

"I don't know, I think I'm able to keep myself busy. Missy and Donna kept me plenty busy while you were fucking those guys."

"Hmm. Interesting," she replied, now slowly moving up and down on my cock with her pussy. "Getting paid for something I love to do for free and my husband doesn't have a problem with his wife being a paid whore. You're fucking awesome, baby."

She lowered down and kissed me more passionately than she ever had. In addition, her pace began to quicken.

"But I was actually thinking about the porn star thingy," she said, breaking her kiss and sitting straight up to give me a perfect view of her chest. "What do you think? Think I'm hot enough?"

"Of course you are. Plus, I think you meet the one major qualification. You love dirty sex. In fact, the dirtier it is, the more you love it."

"What do you think about being married to a porn star," she asked me, now bouncing up and down as fast as she could. 

"I think I would be the envy of all my friends. Plus, I'd get to meet your new porn star friends."

"God, that'd be so hot. Meeting all of those people who love to be naked and just fuck. Wow, that'd be the fantasy life. But we don't really live in a porn mecca."

"Well, never say never," I said realizing I was about to cum. "Maybe someday we'll meet someone who'll get you started. That is, unless you're all talk."

"Fuck you," she said smiling. "Just fucking cum in me. As all those guys kept cumming in my mouth, pussy, ass...All I could do is think about how I couldn't wait to have you fucking me and cumming in me."

With that, I filled her pussy full of my cum, which brought her to an intense orgasm. Pretty soon, we were both sound asleep.

The next few days, my mind became obsessed with the idea of Sara becoming a porn star. But she was right, we didn't live in a mecca of porn. However, I knew that I would figure something out someday.

My new fantasy soon took a back seat. That weekend, our new 12 person hot tub was installed. Since the water would not really be ready for action until the middle of the week, we decided to wait and christen our new toy with a little party on Friday. However, it was not going to be with my coworkers. It would be hers.

I was a little worried that her co-workers would not really be into christening our tub with us, but my wife assured me that she knew enough about the people she was inviting's sex life that, with enough alcohol and prodding, the scene could be very hot.

"I know I can get Cara to get naked," she told, knowing that I thought her closest work friend was very hot. "Once that happens, she and Steve will most likely be game for anything. Nancy's divorced, so she'll probably be game. Amy, Becky and their husbands I'm not so sure about, but I've heard them talk about a few sexual escapades, which gives me some hope that, with enough alcohol, they'll join the fun. Even if they don't want to participate, we'll still have us and three others."

I figured that if all I got was the opportunity to be with Cara, then it would be worth it. So Sara invited them all out to happy hour after work and then back to our house for a hot tub party. All four of the girls she invited to work quickly accepted and they began to plan for the evening.

As Friday arrived, I knew I would be unable to make happy hour, but I told Sara that I was going to be home by the time they arrived back at our house, which was planned for around 8:00.

I got home around 7:30 and they had not yet arrived at our house. I changed into my swim trunks and was getting the hot tub ready for everyone, when they all arrived around 8:15.

I heard them enter the house, but by the time I made into the kitchen, I noticed no one was around. I went back to our bedroom and found my wife and Nancy changing. In fact, I walked in at the same time, Nancy had taken off her bra.

"Oh shit," I said. "I'm sorry."

However, I did not leave the room. Instead I stood and there and admired Nancy's tits. She was about 15 years older than us, but she had aged very well. Her tits were still very perky, and even though was about 20 pounds overweight, she was very attractive. In fact, I imagine she was extremely hot when she was our age.

"Don't worry Jeff," she said. "Anyway it looks like you enjoy the view. As long as I get a look at something later, I promise not to scream."

"You bet," was all I was able to manage as I walked over to my wife, who was now completely naked.

"Hey babe," I said, but before I could get anything else out, she grabbed me and kissed me deeply.

I reached down and grabbed her ass, which pulled her pelvis into my now growing cock. Our embrace was broken when Nancy reminded us she was still in the room and the others might get jealous if the three of us did not head to the hot tub.

"What was that for," I whispered in her ear, knowing she got real horny when she got drunk.

"Holy shit, we're all fucking wasted," she whispered back. "I really don't know how we managed to get here. It's a good thing we chose a bar close. But anyways, you wouldn't believe what we fucking talked about all night. We just kept trying to one-up each other's sex stories. Of course, I won when I told them about last weekend, but those fuckers getting in our tub are just a freaky about sex, well maybe not as freaky as us, but they're freaks. And were all horny as hell."

It was just about that time I felt another set of hands, Nancy's, grab my hips and pull me back into her. I turned around when my wife began to get her swimsuit on and saw Nancy's tight little yellow string bikini.

"Jeff, you think I'm still pretty," she asked me.

"Well from the front, I'd have to say yes, but I haven't got to see your ass yet," I replied growing more bold since I knew what Sara had just told me.

Slowly, Nancy turned around. Her swimsuit did not cover her backside very well, which despite the fact she was now slightly overweight, looked very nice. In addition, she had a tattoo of a dolphin on the small of her back.

"Well, let me put it this way," I said. "I would like to get to know that dolphin."

"Easy tiger," I heard my wife say. "I know tattoos on the small of the back you turned on, but not now."

"Damn girl," Nancy said gazing at my wife. "Even in my prime I wouldn't have the guts to wear that little bikini around people. But I never had your body and you look absolutely hot in it."

Nancy was right. My wife was wearing a powder blue bikini. The top was a string/halter, which covered her tits fine, but the material was so thin, her nipples stood out and would probably become see through when it got wet. Her bottoms were a string bikini bottom that was so skimpy it barely covered her pussy, let alone cover her ass.

After admiring my wife, the three of us headed out to the kitchen where the others were waiting for us.

My eyes first saw Amy and her husband Chris. Amy was wearing a relatively conservative green bikini that looked great on her body. She was a very cute redhead, who had smallish tits and a larger but nice and round ass. Chris obviously took care of himself also and the two of them made a very cute couple.

To their left were Becky and Dan. Becky was a chubby blonde. She was about 30 pounds overweight, but she was still very cute. She was wearing a topaz bikini top, which completely covered her very ample bosom. Obviously a little self-conscious about her weight, she was wearing a matching pair of shorts over what I assumed were her bikini bottoms. Dan also was a little on the heavy side, but by no means obese.

My eyes continued to the left and came to rest on Cara, who was standing next to her boyfriend Steve. The two could have been models. Steve was rock solid from head-to-toe, including a very defined six-pack. Cara, however, caught my eye the most. She knew this too because she gave me a big smile when she noticed me looking at her. She was wearing a bikini even more revealing than my wife's. The black fabric contrasted perfectly with her white skin. The top pretty much only covered the nipples of her b/c-cup tits and when she turned slightly to give Steve a little hug, I noticed her bottoms was actually a thong bottom, which looked like one of the most perfect asses I have ever seen in my life.

Once we got to the kitchen, everyone started to get a drink. Beers from the fridge or a mixed drink from our mini-bar. After every got their drinks, we all headed to the hot tub, which was bubbling perfectly at 102 degrees.

We got in the tub and actually arranged ourselves into boy-girl-boy-girl. Sara was on my right and Amy my left. Even though there was plenty of room, Amy sat very close to me, while my wife was closer to Steve than she was to me.

For a little while, the conversation was pretty bland, even though it was obvious in the hot tub was pretty drunk, except for me, but the scotch I had poured myself was kicking in. It was not long before the topic turned to sex.

"Well, I was going to suggest some type of game like truth-or-dare, but it seems as if we have exhausted all of our truth at the bar and a game of dare, well, just not the same," Nancy said.

"Well, I have something, but its more of a request than anything else," Becky said a little nervously, sitting across from and looking directly at me. "Sara said Jeff was completely shaven, you know, down there, and, well, and I've only seen one like that in porn. I was wondering if, like, Jeff, you could show me what it looks like completely bare."

I was shocked, since Sara had always told me the Becky seemed to be a little of a prude. Now, she was asking me to stand up and drop my swimsuit while everyone was watching me. I know I had been naked in front of large groups before, but during those times, everyone was busy having sex with someone else.

Now, I knew everyone would be staring at me, and I was more than a little nervous all of a sudden. However, I was also excited, and I could feel my cock begin to grow slightly. Slowly I stood up and dropped my shorts into the water. I stood for what seemed an eternity completely naked and every eye in the hot tub staring at my cock. Finally, Sara broke the silence.

"You should see what it looks like when its hard," she said moving in front of me. 

She slowly kissed the tip before putting my entire cock, only half-hard, into her mouth. She pulled my cock out away from me as she let it slowly inch out of her mouth. She did this twice more before she began to lick my balls and stroke me to complete hardness. Everyone in the tub sat very quietly, watching very intently Sara suck me off. I noticed that several of the girls had their hands on their man's cock.

"So, Becky this is what it looks like," Sara said. "Would like to see it up close and feel how smooth it is? Dan, would you mind if Becky felt Jeff's really hard cock?"

With the way she said it, she was almost daring Dan to no and kill the entire mood in the tub. All he could do was shake his head. Becky almost instantly moved over in front of me. Sara grabbed her hand and ran it over my balls.

"See how smooth it feels to the touch," Sara asked Becky. "Now, run your tongue over them and see how that feels."

Becky stuck out her tongue and began to lick my balls. Instinctively, her hand began to move toward my shaft and she began to slowly stroke my cock while she was kissing my balls.

"Holy, shit," Becky said. "This is the smoothest skin I have ever felt on a man."

"Go ahead," Sara said moving over to Dan and sitting on his lap. "Lick and suck wherever you want."

Becky then began to kiss and lick my cock. Pretty soon, she was trying to get as much of me down her throat as she could. After a few more minutes, she stopped and looked back and Sara, who was obviously enjoying the show and teasing Dan.

"You're right Sara," she said as she headed over to where she was sitting before. "A shaved cock feels awesome."

"You know what," I said realizing I was standing in the middle of the tub, naked and by myself on display for everyone. "I think after that, I need a drink refill. Who else needs one?"

Most of the hands in the tub went up and Amy volunteered to help me get the drinks. We both got out of the tub, me naked and her in her bikini and went in the back door to the kitchen.

"Holy shit, I need a couple of shots, how about you," I asked Amy, noticing she was staring at my cock.

"Yeah," she said breaking her gaze. "How about tequila?"

"Sounds good, let me get the shot glasses. I want a double, you?"

"Oh god, no. I'm already drunk enough."

I grabbed a double shot glass for me and a regular one for Amy. Amy poured the shots while I found our saltshaker and some already cut limes. We both did our shots and I began to pour myself another one. As I downed the shot, I could not help but notice that Amy was just staring at me.

"What's wrong," I asked knowing that nothing was, but it at least broke her gaze.

"Oh...ummm...nothing," she stuttered. "I...Well, I was wondering if I could feel what a shaved cock feels like."

"Well, yeah, but on one condition," I said smiling. "You have to take off your top and let me see your tits."

"Is that all," she asked, with a seductive smile on her face. "Here I was thinking I'd have to take it all off."

"Well, then, the price has just changed. You're a goddamn terrible negotiator. That is, unless you wanted me to see you naked anyway."
