 "I think this is the first time I've seen you with clothes on," Jerry said to me as I entered the hotel lobby. "You still look pretty fucking hot, though."

"What do you mean clothes," I said referring to the clothes Shelley had left for me to wear so I would not have to return to Keith's naked. "These shorts are tight enough that I'm camel toeing them and this top is so thin, my nipples might as well be on full display."

"Still, they are clothes. Besides, if you weren't so turned on all the time, maybe your nipples wouldn't be shining through."

"Calm down, Jerry," I said opening the passenger door on Keith's Rolls Royce. "You can get a piece of ass as soon as we get back to Keith's."

As I got into the car, I made sure to give him a good view of the tiny shorts riding up my ass and tightly hugging a pussy that was hot, wet and tingling.

"That's what I love about you," Jerry said to me, getting in the driver's side. "Some of the girls Keith has around fuck because of the money he pays them. They don't like it so much, but can't refuse the money, which makes them nothing but a whore. But you, Miss Sharon Wild of the Czech Republic, you are a slut. You just love to fuck. The money is just a bonus. Your real salary is the cock you get to have. I like that. I really respect it."

"Why thank you Jerry," I replied, my pussy was now on fire. "I thought it was just my husband that turned me on when he referred to me as a cock-loving-slut. But I think just the thought of cock is enough for me.

"Hurry up and get back to Keith's," I ordered. "I need a cock like yours to satisfy this hunger in my pussy."

"Oh, there's nothing I'd like more than to fuck you like the filthy cock slut that you are when we get back, but I don't think we should. You have a busy night tonight, and you'll be thankful you just rest that pussy of yours until then." 

I pleaded with him to no avail, and when we got back to Keith's, Jerry told me that I needed to rest up. When I pressed him for more details, he just said that Keith would explain everything later. I was disappointed, but I decided to make the best of it. Once we got to Keith's, I stripped naked, made a little lunch and headed to the pool.

I arranged the shade umbrellas so that the sun was not directly on me, ate my lunch and then dozed off on the lounger.

I slept most of the afternoon away and was only awakened with George tapped me on the shoulder. He told me that Keith wanted to see me to go over the details for the night.

Still sluggish from my nap, I followed George into the house and into Keith's office where I had been the center of attention for James and Keith the night before. As I walked in, I immediately noticed another girl, just as naked as myself, standing next to the desk. She was blonde with huge natural tits and, therefore, more curvy than myself, but still smoking hot.

"Sharon, I'd like you to meet Alicia," Keith said.

"Hi Sharon," Alicia said. I immediately noticed a British accent. "I'm Alicia...Alicia Rhodes."

I returned the greeting as she hugged me like we had been friends for years and not seen each other for awhile. Her tits pressed against mine, sending shivers throughout my body as the rest of our naked bodies pressed closer together.

"Alicia's been working for me a little longer than you have Sharon and she has the same deal you do. I hope you two rise in the porn ranks together. That'd be great for business.

"But onto the business for tonight," Keith continued, but then abruptly stopped when he noticed Alicia and I had not ended our embrace. "Oh hell, you two go ahead and kiss. You'll be doing that tonight anyway."

For whatever reason, we both had been waiting for Keith's permission before we kissed. He had a tremendous power with his presence. Sure, he was paying us both a lot of money to be at his call, but his permission released both of us in a way neither could explain, if we had wanted to anyway.

Our tongues immediately met and began an intricate dance with the other. My hand immediately went to her enormous chest while she pulled my naked body closer to her own naked body. I remember thinking that even though Alicia was a litter bigger, her skin felt wonderfully soft against mine.

"Okay, Okay," Keith interrupted after a short time of watching us make out. "You two keep that up and I'll have to get involved, which would put us behind. Let's go out into the living room and I'll show what's going on tonight."

As we walked into the living room, Keith explained the company merger to Alicia and that he was throwing a party for the executives of both companies to celebrate. When we got the living room, I noticed a large bed had been moved into the center of the room.

"The guests will start arriving around 8:00," Keith said, now addressing both of us. "I want both of you on the bed, in just your platform heels, giving a hot lesbian show as they arrive. You'll be doing that until 9:30, by which time all of the guests will have arrived.

"Around 9:30, Alicia you'll get of the bed and work the room. Sharon, you'll be joined by three guys I've hired for tonight. They'll fuck in all three holes until they cum on your face and chest. These guys are pros, so I've told them about one-half hour.

"After that," Keith continued. I was now really excited about the festivities. "Alicia you'll get on the bed with three other guys for the same thing while Sharon works the room. Once they've covered you in cum, then I'll explain the rules for the rest of the night to the guests. You two have any questions to this point?"

We both shook our heads no.

"Good, then," Keith said. "At this point, I'll send the six guys to rooms upstairs and tell the women to go upstairs to one of them if they want to get fucked by one of the professional cocks. Most of the women will head upstairs at least once during the rest of the party.

"Then, I'll tell the guys that you two will be downstairs for their service. Follow me."

Keith started downstairs with Alicia behind him and me behind her. I stared at her ass the entire way, getting more turned on with each step she took. When we got to the common room in the basement, Keith stopped. I came to a stop directly next Alicia and allowed my right hand to move to a rest on her ass cheeks. When she felt my hand on her ass, she turned to me and smiled before Keith began again.

"One of you will go into that room," he said pointing to the room on the left. "The other one into the other room. Both rooms are set up exactly the same, so it doesn't matter who's where. Follow me again."

"I can't wait to taste that tiny little pussy of yours," Alicia whispered into my ear as we followed Keith into one of the bedrooms. Another round of shivers raged through my body.

We entered the room. The light in the room was read. The bed had only a fitted sheet on it. Next to the bed was a little device with two lights on it.

"Okay, when a guy comes into the room, he'll press this button and the lights on the board next to the bed will light up. Randomly, the light will stop on either a red light or a blue light. Red light means they'll fuck your pussy, blue means ass. While they'll all be wearing condoms, each guy will probably cum on your face, in your mouth, chest, stomach, or wherever he wants to cum. He'll tell you and you obey. Positions don't matter, but when you start to get tired, each room has a sex wedge pillow next to the bed. Use it to prop you pelvis up when you need it. You two will stay in your rooms until every guy at the party is completely satisfied. Got it?"

We both nodded we understood. I did not miss the fact that Keith did not say if we get tired. He said when we get tired. I got the feeling I would have a hard time walking tomorrow.

"Good," he continued after he saw we knew what he was saying. "It's five o'clock now. George has fixed some dinner for you two. You both know where your dressing rooms are as well as the bathrooms. Be ready by 7:45."

We all went back upstairs. Keith took off to another part of the house as Alicia and I went to the kitchen. We ate a wonderful meal prepared by George. As we ate, we talked about our lives, coming to America and anything else to friends would discuss. The only difference was that we both sat naked as birds and my eyes kept drifting to Alicia's wonderful chest and my mind to the fact I'd be able to suck on them in just a few hours.

We finished eating and went up to our dressing areas. I soaked in a long hot bath before I started getting ready. One of the nice things about getting ready when getting ready is being naked, it does not near as long to get ready.

I made sure to lather my body with a fruity lotion and applied makeup. I went heavy on the blue eye shadow above my fake eyelashes so as to highlight my blues eyes and look as slutty as I could. I teased my hair a little, looked at the clock and saw it was 7:40. I felt an electric shot in my pussy as I knew it was time to become the entertainment for the evening.

I came out of my room at the same time that Alicia came out of her room. She looked hot.

"Hey, what kind of slut just walks around a house party naked," she said with a smile.

"You're such a fucking whore. I'm not fucking naked," I replied. "I've got on platforms."

Even though we had just met a few hours earlier, we had hit it off immediately and talked as if we were old friends on our way to the living room. Once there, we noticed the room was empty of people, but a light jazz was playing over the speakers.

"Let's go ahead and get started," Alicia said as she jumped on the bed.

I quickly joined her on the side of the bed. Immediately, our tongues met and our hands began exploring the other's body. My hand went immediately to her tits and began to massage her nipple.

I broke the kiss and moved my mouth to her tits, something I had been waiting to do all day. In fact, I made the first lesbian move with this action. I would have never in a million years have ever thought I would be so bold, but the last year or so had completely changed me.

"Your fucking tits are so unbelievably awesome," I said to her as I licked her tits as I cupped her breast to my mouth. Alicia replied with a moan. I pushed her back onto the bed and climbed up over her.

She spread her legs as I moved over her and I took the position of the man in a missionary position. Pressing my pelvis to hers and my chest to her chest, I lowered down a began to kiss her mouth. After kissing her for a short time. I slowly worked my down. Starting with her ear, I began to place little wet kisses, then her neck, then her upper chest, left tit, right tit, stomach, lower pelvis and then small patch of hair she had just above her pussy.

Finally, I let my tongue trace the lips of her pussy, sending moans out of her mouth, before taking a full lick of her pussy. She tasted wonderful. Very sweet and warm. Before long, I was darting my tongue in her pussy as if I was French kissing it. Her hips rotated as I did this and her heard her moans and felt her hand on the back of my head pushing my tongue into as deep as I could and still breathe.

"OH FUUUCKKKK," she screamed and I felt her hips movements become less smooth. She was ready to cum.

I pressed my mouth harder on her pussy and let me tongue fuck her as fast as I could move it. Her hips began to buck more forward and back instead of up and down. Her legs closed around my head and it seemed as if she was trying to push my entire head into her pussy as an orgasm swept over her body.

As she came, her pussy flooded with juices that squirted into my mouth. Since my head had nowhere to go, I had no choice but to swallow it. I had swallowed a man's cum many times in my life, but never another girl's juices like this. Where the man's cum is bitter and salty, Alicia's was sweet and wonderfully fragrant.

After she released my head when her body went limp, I worked my way back to her face and kissed her so she could taste the wonderful juiced she had just flooded my mouth with. 

"Your turn," she whispered to me as she broke our embrace.

When I rolled onto my back, I noticed the living was longer empty. About 15-20 people had arrived as I licked Alicia to orgasm. I had been so into eating her pussy, I guess I had been oblivious to anything else going on. Most were watching the two of us as they drank and talked to one another. I immediately saw Shelley who smiled at me when our eyes met.

"That was fucking hot," Shelley mouthed to me as Alicia began kissing my nipples. I closed my eyes and let Alicia go to work. My body was electric from the combination of Alicia's soft body and mouth on me and the crowd of onlookers.

When she started licking my pussy, waves of pleasure flooded my body. However, Alicia was good. She kept bringing close to cumming, but then would back off. She did this three or four times before she finally brought me all the way to one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I was only slightly aware of my loud screams and moans for the onlookers, which now numbered around 30.

For the next hour, we kissed, finger fucked, tongue fucked, 69ed and both experienced another two or three orgasms. My body was in heavenly bliss, I felt as if I was drugged or something, when Alicia got off the bed, only to be replaced by three muscular guys. Each of them had huge cocks that were only three-quarters erect.

As I got to my knees in order to suck each of them the rest of the way to hardness, I noticed that each of them had six-pack abs and muscles popping out of their skin. The hard bodies were the exact opposite of Alicia's softness. Although I really enjoyed the lesbian action with Alicia, I had now had my most favorite thing in front of me, a cock. Three of them, in fact.

I alternated among all three of them, as I hard them hard enough to fuck me in no time. One of the guys was lubing my ass and inserting a couple of fingers to get me ready. Finally, they were ready.

One of the guys laid down onto his back. I reverse cowgirled his lap and lowered my ass onto his cock. After a couple of movements, I had enough of him in me in order to lie back onto his chest. Spreading my legs, one of the other guys moved his cock to my pussy and thrust his way into it as well.

Instantly, another orgasm ravished my body, but as I screamed out, my screams were muffled by the third guy's cock as he lowered it into my mouth from standing above me. In fact, he grabbed the back of my head and fucked my mouth just as the other two guys fucked my ass and pussy.

My body was at their complete disposal. At one point, the guy fucking my pussy and the guy fucking my face changed positions, but that was the only breather they allowed me for the thirty minutes or so Keith had allotted for this part of the show. Of course, I did not mind. Even though they were using my body's holes for their own pleasure and pace, I had three more orgasms before they were ready to cum.

Pulling out of me, one by one, they all stood on the bed as I got to my knees. All I had to do was open my mouth a little as they each pointed their cocks at my face. Two of them shot at the first time, both of them hitting an eye. Now blinded, I felt more cum stream onto my face and as well as my chest. I knew the third guy was cumming when a large shot landed deep into my mouth and on my tongue. Spitting out the cum so it would roll down my chin and onto my chest, I felt a few more shots land on my cheek and one on my left ear.

I was forced to open my eyes when I felt them pull me off the bed. I wiped some of the cum out of them and saw that Alicia was already on the bed with her three guys.

My job was now to work the room and I went directly to where Shelley and James were watching the show.

"One of these days I'll get to see you without cum all over you," Shelley said smiling and giving me a kiss on my cheek, obviously tasting some of the cum. "Okay, which of those cocks was the biggest."

"The one that was in my ass, was the thickest. All three were at least 8 or 9 inches."

I quickly realized other women around Shelley were listening to my report. Judging from the interest, those guys would be just as busy as Alicia and myself.

The next half hour went very quickly as many of the women asked the same question that Shelley had asked me. Alicia had just taken her three facial shots when Keith got everyone's attention. That was our cue to head downstairs.

"See you later," Alicia said as we went into our separate rooms. "That is, if either of us can walk later."

I went into my room and got ready. I saw a basket of condoms next to the bed, as well as a bottle of KY liquid, exactly the kind I preferred. I took some of the lube and massaged into my ass, which was still gaping a little from my performance earlier.

I was not alone long when my visitor arrived. It was James, naked and his hard cock ready to go.

"Well, well, well," I said. "You sell your company and you get first dibs, huh?"

"You bet," he replied and hit the light button. A few seconds later, the ass light was the only one on. I got onto my hands and knees and lifted my ass in the air.

"Fuck my ass you horny bastard," I commanded.

There was no tentativeness, nor any concern about my comfort as James rammed his cock into my ass. After two thrusts, he pounded away as fast and hard as he could. The feeling was wonderful and I talked dirty to him about how good he made my ass feel, but he was ready to cum before I was. 

He pulled off his condom and pulled my shoulder around. As I faced his cock, he stroked twice before his first shot hit my neck. The second flew above me and landed on my upper forehead and hair, which was probably not the first cumshot my hair would get. A few more shots landed around my upper body and joined the pools of cum that I had on me from before. After he was finished, James quickly left and another guy came in. This time the lights said for him to fuck my pussy. I laid on the bed, with my feet off the bed and allowed him access to my pussy as he stood next to the bed. He fucked me as furiously as James had and was ready to cum before I was ready again.

He pulled out and shot his load on my stomach, most of it pooling into my navel. As the next guy came into the room, I grabbed the sex wedge. This was going to be a long night.

The light said for my pussy to be fucked again. I laid back on the pillow, which pushed my hips into the air to allow the guys access to my pussy or ass. He entered me and began to fuck away. This time, however, I was more relaxed and I had an earth-shattering orgasm.

As I came down from my orgasm, this guy was shooting his load onto my face. His first load landed directly into my left eye and the second load into my right eye. I felt a few more loads hit my face, but I was temporarily blinded.

I did not see the new guy come into the room, but when I felt his cock entering my ass, I knew another guy was there. I was now so open that I could not really tell the size of the cock that was fucking me. Just as I was able to clear enough cum out of my eyes so that I could see, another shot of cum landed in them as I got still yet another facial.

Another cock fucked my ass and came on chest and stomach as I was finally able to see again. The next two guys fucked my pussy, then another two in row got my ass. The feelings were still pleasurable to override the pain and I even managed to achieve a couple of orgasms. Each of the four either came on my stomach or face. My eyes had taken so much cum that they were burning and the tearing clouded my vision as guy after guy came into the room to fuck my ass or pussy.

They just continued to use my body for their pleasure. After about the tenth guy, the fucking became painful, but soon I just became numb. They fucked me and fucked me, but it was as if I was not even in the room. The only thing I could still feel was the cum they deposited somewhere on my body, but even after another few guys, my upper body and face was completely covered with cum that I began to not even feel that.
