 Comments (even negative ones, if need be) are welcome and encouraged! Thank you for reading the story.

***********

I went through a lot of men before I found Brad. There were enough men that I have seen just about everything, and done just about anything sexually that one can imagine. What I had not done with any of my previous lovers, (and yes, I am counting numerous one night stands) but strangely enough did with (or more properly, for) Brad, I will relate to you now. 

First let me explain that Brad is a keeper. After a long search, and a lot of meaningless sex, I have finally found a soul mate, and I am not letting him go. We have a great relationship, but like any relationship it has its ups and downs. 

When Brad would do something stupid and I'd be mad at him, he would buy me flowers. When I did something to irritate Brad, I would buy him a romantic, funny, or sexy card and a small gift. This got to be expensive, not terribly so, but when I had my hours reduced at work, we had to make economies. I don't remember exactly how it started, or who thought of it. I suspect, however, that the idea came from an article in the magazine Cosmopolitan, which we both read. I read it for the girl advice, and Brad reads it as sort of/kind of soft-core porn, I strongly suspect. 

But in any event, it is not important how it started. What is important is that it works for us. What we do is, we play a little game. When one of us feels the need to make-up for some transgression, we give the other a coupon. 

A typical Brad move after he has been an ass, is to give me a coupon good for one visit to a museum. He knows I love going to museums, and he usually grumps whenever he goes, those rare times when he does agree to go with me. When I cash in one of his museum coupons, he goes with me to the museum of my choice and he is cheerful and engaged throughout the visit. It's a great present, and all is forgiven with such a coupon. 

A typical Susanna coupon (I'm Susanna) is a coupon good for me to watch a sports game with him, and try to understand it and to root for whatever team he's rooting for. I'll even deal with point spreads as an extra fillip I add sometimes to the coupon. I'll watch it from beginning to end, even sitting through the commercials, only leaving the screen to get him more beer and/or chips. And I'll even, on rare occasions, sit there with him while I'm naked. I only do that if he asks for it, of course, and obviously never if his friends are there too. I love the man dearly. 

One thing about the coupons is caution. We have to be careful. We found we needed to include an expiration date, and specify if the coupon were for a single use or for multiple uses. One time Brad gave me a multiple use coupon, and I took him to three museums in a single day. After that, he always specified "single use" on his coupons.

Well, I owed him big time. I had the PMS from hell and right after it a period that felt like my cramping muscles were on steroids. This was combined with a super heavy flow. I was out of commission for around ten days, and grumpy as all get-go, too. I did not let Brad get near me, and I found the idea of sex during those ten days gross. Brad was mighty frustrated. It was not his fault, it's just hard sometimes to be a woman. And, I admit, it's hard to be the lover of a woman, during those times in particular. 

After the PMS, I gave Brad a coupon saying I would dress sexy when his friends came over to watch a ball game with him. Usually I act as a hostess when he has friends over, and Brad always asks me to dress sexy, and I always refuse. Dressing sexy would produce some grief I do not need, I'm sure. 

It's not that his friends are not nice guys. They are good people, it's just that they're men, with their fair share of male hormones and desires. I just think it is foolish to throw sex in the face of four or five men, drinking beer and watching football. It's provoking them, in some sense, and just basically unwise. 

I had always refused to "dress sexy" for one of these football games gatherings. As it already was, no matter how I dressed his friends would constantly be checking me out, especially my breasts, which admittedly are a little special, as boobs go. Therefore, I felt this would be a special coupon for Brad. He agreed it was special, even very special. He was excited, I could tell. This pleased me. 

But right after my PMS from hell ended, my period from hell began, so we had to postpone Brad cashing in his (single use) coupon. 

Now that my period was over and I was back to normal, I knew that I needed an especially good coupon to give to Brad. I had forgotten about my sexy dress coupon. Before I tell you about this new coupon, some background might be in order. Now as I hinted earlier, I had done some pretty wild things sexually before I met Brad. Brad loved me to tell him about them, and he often fantasized that I would do some of them with him.

Most of my past, pre-Brad sexual escapades involved exhibitionism. I was younger then, and with youth comes stupidity. Now I was more mature and I had trouble believing that I took the incredible risks that I took as a stupid adolescent. I am now a 23-year-old adult woman. I am a registered nurse, and I work in one of the major New York hospitals.

Brad always wanted to know which man I had done any given thing with. Mike was the worst of my earlier boyfriends. One time we had engaged in exhibitionist sex. People saw us, and men wanted to take me when Mike was finished with me. As I said, I was young and stupid and plenty wild back then, and well, you can imagine what happened. Brad was incredulous, hearing me tell this. It became his favorite of my stories, and I must have told it to him at least a dozen different times. 

What happened is this. We had taken a chance and had sex outdoors, in a clearing in the nearby woods. I had thought we were well hidden, but a few men came along and saw us. Mike saw them but with the angle I had, I did not see them, and besides most of the time my eyes were closed, since I was on the ground facing up and facing the sun. After Brad unloaded inside me, the men approached us. 

Mike asked them if they wanted sloppy seconds. He did not even ask me! But I knew he had long wanted to watch another man fuck me silly. I was mad at him for not even asking me. What kind of slut did he think I was, anyway, that he could give permission to a strange man to have sex with me? I pointed this out, rather loudly, and that's when it got weird. 

The men could obviously see me naked, lying on the ground. I did of course immediately close my legs together as soon as I saw them. Maybe they got a free peak at my pussy, I was not sure. But I became alarmed when one of the men began to undress. I reminded him, perhaps not in the politest of terms, that I had said no. No meant NO. He then surprised me twice. The first time was when he said, "Please?"

Really? A stranger coming upon us and saying please is supposed to convince me to fuck him? Seriously??

When he saw that asking nicely went nowhere, and I had woken up from my sexual high and sat up, still naked with my boobs quite prominently on display, and I was looking around for my clothes, he offered me $100 if I would have sex with him. I remember asking him if I looked like a whore? He replied by offering $200. That just made me angrier.

The stranger could not have known this, but having sex for money was one of my hottest fantasies. I wonder if other women have such fantasies? Healthy women do not, I'm sure. I clearly was not healthy back then. I don't know why I was so sexually wild, but I was. My mother had always told me, "You can fuck stupid, but don't ever marry stupid." Words to live by, right? 

Perhaps because fucking for money was one of my favorite fantasies, my reaction was an exaggerated negative. It's funny how that works: Touching my fantasy that way, and therefore tempting me, made me overreact in refusal. 

Mike was the man with whom I was fucking at the time, and he was indeed stupid. He was stupid, and I was stupid. I was not just stupid back then; I was a devil take the hindmost blithering idiot. I was so surprised I just looked at the stranger. He offered $300.

I declined forcefully once again, but I suspected that he picked up on three things: (1) I declined more politely when he offered me $300, as opposed to $100 and $200, (2) he could tell I was tempted, and (3) I stopped looking for my clothes, which I figured Mike had hidden, anyway. So, I was still sitting there naked, freshly sexually used, and all that meant. What it meant was that my nipples were still erect, my pussy was engorged with blood, and I was leaking cum. The stranger was unabashedly staring at my boobs, and of course I knew it, and yet I was making no effort to cover up. 

The stranger then offered me $500 for the two of them to do me. This truly shocked me. I was dumbfounded, and hence remained silent. I did not even have the presence of mind to say "no thank you." When he offered me $800 to fuck both of them, I thought he had got to be kidding. Two men, after I had just spectacularly fucked with Mike? Seriously? What was he thinking? 

I said, quietly, "Show me the money." This changed the question to "What on Earth was I thinking?"

I was calling his bluff. After all, nobody carries around $800 for a walk in the woods, or for that matter in our age of plastic, for any reason! Well, except maybe to buy some drugs, which, as it turns out, was probably his mission. Back then those particular woods were known as a good spot for drug deals to go down. 

He showed me the $800, and I did not say yes or anything, I simply lay down and spread my legs a little bit. I did not spread them wide, or anything, I just spread them barely enough so that he could have a good, healthy look-see at my pussy. That, I guess, was my way of saying okay. The stranger understood, and he was on top of me in no time.

I took them both on that fateful day. It was wonderful, and I loved every minute. Mike watched, stroking his cock. Mike called me his little whore after that, just to get my goat. It worked, too. I got furious every single goddamn time he called me a whore. I dumped Mike a few weeks later.

That is Brad's favorite story from my checkered past. I figure that's not a good sign, but the rest of Brad is wonderful, so who cares? I should have cared, though. When your internal alarms go off, you should pay attention to them. For me, it was a hot memory, so naturally I thought for Brad it was a hot fantasy, too. How did I know he would totalize me from that one story? How was I to know Brad would decide that I was 'that kind of girl?'

I think, in retrospect, that Brad was jealous of my previous life with Mike. If I could fuck Mike in public and then take on two strangers just because Mike wanted me to do it, and in addition let them pay for the privilege, he, Brad, could demand similar from me. 

Brad would do it on his own terms, of course. I had no idea Brad was thinking these thoughts, or even that he was like that. I should have, but I didn't. At the time, I just thought, people are packages, and you take the good with the bad. We all do. 

I thought that fortunately, while Brad loved reliving my sexual indiscretions as a collection of fantasies, he was one of the most straight-laced, timid, and non-adventurous men I had ever dated. Actually, I loved that about him. For that reason, I felt that the coupon I had in mind was not that much of a risk. I knew, however, that Brad would love the sentiment behind it, and that all would be forgiven. 

It was football season, and Brad had the same few friends over every Sunday to watch the games. I thought about a coupon to join their party, but that seemed too banal, and I had given him one in that vein after my PMS. It was late Saturday night, and I was beginning to feel human again. We had had steak for dinner, and all the blood I had lost from the world's heaviest menstrual flow was using the iron from the steak to regenerate. I could feel it in my bones. I was getting my energy back.

You know the high you get when you suddenly feel great after 10 days of feeling like warm shit? That's how I felt. I was borderline delirious with happiness and energy, and channeling my old, wild teenage years. I threw caution to the winds and thought of the perfect coupon to give my uptight lover. He would love it. 

I probably should not have done it on impulse. I had drunk half a bottle of a delicious Chianti with the steak, and was not thinking at my best as I wrote out the coupon. Never write these coupons when you have a serious buzz, and feeling invulnerable. Words to live by, I guess. 

I made up the coupon, and it said the following, "The bearer of this coupon is entitled to any kind of sex, any conditions, anywhere. I'll do anything you want. This girl is yours. Multiple uses possible. Expires on Tuesday at noon." I went to the bedroom and hid the coupon. I always wake up before Brad, so Sunday morning when Brad woke he found the coupon. I had left it for him on my pillow. He came downstairs to breakfast with a wicked grin on his face. I knew he was planning my fate. 

I was not worried, because as I said, when it came to wild sexual behavior, Brad was mostly hat, with no cattle. Okay, maybe he had, at best, a few cattle. He had never even tried bondage with me. His idea of wild sex was to do it doggy style, maybe with the blinds up. Maybe. You get the idea. 

Nevertheless, I expected something wild, but by Brad's standards of wild, not mine. Fortunately. I was done with the antics of my life before Brad. Still, I was tingling with excitement as to what was going to happen. It was the same tingling I had had during wild sexual times with Mike. God, I loved that tingling. I almost lived for it back then, and now I was getting it again. I felt so alive. How exciting!

It was probably what I had loved most about Mike: the thrill of never knowing what sexually outrageous thing was coming next, just around the corner. Life with Mike had been one outrageous adventure after another, fueled by booze and drugs. I was rarely, if ever, stone cold sober during my times with Mike. 

The moment I saw Brad's wicked grin that morning, I began to get wet down there. The anticipation is always the best part for me. Even before he found the new coupon, he announced he was cashing in my 'sexy dress for his friends' coupon. Given my randy feelings inspired by the wild and crazy coupon Brad had given no sign that he had even noticed, I decided then and there to dress hyper sexy for his friends. I was going to do this right!

A little later Brad found my special coupon. He said, "Thanks for the coupon, Susanna. All is forgiven," and he kissed me, pawing my boobs through my nightgown. I softly moaned when he did that, to encourage him. I had made him his favorite breakfast: eggs over easy, bacon, and mixed berries. We had a good session of kissing with him feeling me up. I loved it. Then we ate, with Brad looking at me lovingly throughout the breakfast. I had no regrets making the coupon if this was to be his reaction!

The morning went by without incident. Brad made a series of phone calls. This was unusual for Brad, but hey, he's allowed to use the phone. He puts up with my occasional three-hour calls with my sister, after all. 

I got dressed while he was on the phone. He was using the coupon after my PMS horror, after all. To give you an idea, at one point he said something I did not like, and I threw one of our Italian pottery cups at him, I was that mad. It shattered into a thousand pieces, and Brad stormed out of the house, he was so angry. 

So, I wanted to dress as sexy as was possible. And as I said, I have exhibitionist tendencies. I have a diaphanous, see-through blouse. Usually with it I wear a camisole, or at least an opaque, white bra. With just a bra it looks nice and sexy. But I wanted more. 

I tried on the blouse without a bra. Holy shit, I could see all of my boobs right through the blouse, including my nipples. This would be too much. It would not do. 

One does not lewdly and wantonly display one's breasts in front of five men drinking beer and watching football. A girl who did that would be asking for trouble. I might have done something like that during the 'age of Mike,' but happily I was older now, and I was no longer that dumb.

Then it dawned on me. I put on just the camisole I usually wear underneath the diaphanous blouse, but this time without a bra. My nipples poked at it prominently, and I could see not so subtle hints of the shapes of my boobs. Very sexy, but not in your face sexy. Perfect.

For the bottoms, I chose a thong and an old pair of lululemon see-through yoga pants. You know, the ones that almost ruined lululemon due to the scandal? But for women like me, once the scandal broke, I had to rush out and get a few pair before lululemon cleaned up its act. And they're not cheap, let me tell you! 

You could see my entire ass, and a very distinct, clear, outline of my camel toe. What's the point of wearing skin tight yoga pants unless you can see through them? Otherwise, you just look ugly in them.

My boobs are just a little too big to go without a bra and to be comfortable for long periods. However, I was in atonement mode. My nipples poked at the camisole, and if I stretched with my arms up and my back arched, which I often do anyway, then my entire boobs were outlined through the camisole. I knew I looked hot to trot. 

Brad did indeed seem to be happy with my outfit choice. He was amazed I was going to wear it in front of his friends. I wanted sex that morning, however. We had been chaste for two weeks, due to my female problems, as Brad calls them. I totally expected him to cash in the new coupon, and I teased him all morning with sexual double entendres. 

I made Brad guess the color of my thong, flashing him when he got the color right. I would throw something at him and run away squealing when he feigned anger and came after me. We had fun, but I could not provoke him into using the coupon, or even just seducing me! He would have a willing woman had he tried even a little seduction. I was ready for him.

Well, I wasn't worried. I knew he would use it before it expired Tuesday at noon, and it was only Sunday morning. Maybe he needed some time to figure out something wild. As I have said, wild sex does not come naturally to him, as it did, for example, to Mike. 

I guessed his next opportunity would be after his friends went home once all the games were over. I went to the kitchen and prepared the snacks for his friends, and then I ran to the nearby liquor store to stock up on cold beer. I was pleased to see how each and every man in the liquor store openly checked me out in my 'come fuck me' outfit. I love teasing men. The cashier seemed to be drooling over my boobs. I felt like climbing over the counter and giving him a blowjob right there. 

I had to calm myself down. I was beginning to lose control. I took some deep breaths, and then hurried home. 

I felt pretty relaxed, and all tingly as I waited for the ball games to end and Brad's sexual surprise to envelop me, whatever it would be. I met each of Brad's four friends as they arrived. I met each one with a cold beer in my hand to offer them. Strangely, each one kissed me on the lips as they arrived, something none of them had ever done before. 

I was a bit put off after Jim, the first one to arrive, kissed me. What made him think he could kiss me like that? Then when Steve, Mark, and Jeremiah all kissed me too, I knew something was up. None of them had ever kissed me before. Clearly Brad had told them to do it. I let them kiss me and I kissed them back. Why not? The question, however, was why did Brad tell them to kiss me? 
