 Not written by my hand but by voice; I sing of my life and last days as a courtesan to the Roman Empire. Love denies my heart its deepest emotion and sorrow now consumes the essence that gives breath to this body. To deny my heart is to deny the very fabric of life that covers every single living person, animal and heavenly entity. When the last echo of the note is sung, I shall die and take my love with me unto the Elysian Fields.

As Love spurns my advancements, so it is with this recollection that I shall take my vengeance upon Love, taking her beauty and romance away, filling it with sexual misdeeds that laughs in the face of romance and takes its true form as Eros; the love of lust or lust of love that consumes my burning core.

My dearest and most trusted friend Marcus Cassius sits now, listening to every word, recording each phrase so that I will have my place in Rome's History.

I am 18 years old, youngest daughter, Illaria to Lavinia, Woman of Rome, courtesan to men whose power within Rome itself is vast and thunderous in use. To name each would be treasonous yet their conduct shall not go unheard. My mother in her day was shared and shared alike for her beauty was beyond Heaven. Her feline eyes were shaded green, akin to the precious stones that have travelled from Persia. Her lips full, stained in rouge often could be seen attached to some Roman General's cock. Her tongue circling the head of the engorged member as she gripped the base firmly with one hand, the general's eyes widening at the strength my mother possessed within her small, dainty hands. Her mouth would encase the entire cock in one swift movement, her cheeks concaving as she sucked the flesh from the warrior taking him deeper still as she massaged the sack that hung from his body. 

Lavinia's skin was the colour of singed papyrus, slightly dark yet not entirely black. Often she would bathe in water scented with the oils of the rose and coloured white by the milk that was to soften her skin from the harsh, unforgiving sun. During my tutelage; I would watch my mother and her many patrons, hidden by sails of material that hung from the marbled ceilings. Into the water she would walk naked, her hair in tiny braids elaborately coiled upon her head. She would mischievously look at me, knowing the exact location of my hiding spot before turning to face the men that acquired her services, exposing her rounded, fleshy buttocks to my eyes. Two men entered the room, their voices dark and sinister to my innocent ears.

" Your tits would look so much better woman, if they had my cock rubbing in between them."

"You can have her tits friend so long as my cock can fuck her cunt and my fingers can fuck her arse."

Their laughter echoed raucously around the private bath. The first man was short in stature yet highly powerful within the Roman Senate. His body was round, his belly bloated with a trail of grey hair that travelled and met up with the pubic hair that surrounded his erect cock. The other man was taller, more muscular in definition. Also of the Roman Senate, this man's cock was larger than his elder's counterpart although was not yet erect. My mother listened in silence to their necessary boyhood banter. As want to do, her role as the intellectual courtesan had come and gone over the sumptuous meal that had been provided for the trio prior to the bathhouse scenario. Her role now was to be serving, available, open and exposed without protest to whatever desire the men wanted.

Lavinia lowered her body into the deeper end of the water, rising to entice the men in. Droplets clung to her firm flesh that seemed to make her skin glimmer in the light that entered through the open airways as she moved to the centre of the bath where the water reached her mid thigh. She held her breasts in her hands, cupping the fullness, slightly raising and squeezing them in anticipation of the men's awaiting pleasure. The men did not hesitate further.

The younger man approached my mother, his left hand pressing into her ample arse, pulling her closer to himself so that he could force down his groin into my mother's warming cunt. His tongue snaked out as he roughly brought his lips to hers; each sucking at each other as his cock now stiff with inspiration became a wedge between the two. The older man stood to Lavinia's right, taking her breast in his awesome sized hand. He squeezed her nipple firmly prompting a moan to escape from Lavinia's busy mouth. She turned to him, inviting him to try her mouth for himself, her tongue teasing his senses as she ran it across her upper lip. 

Pushed forward by the younger man who sought to probe her from behind, the man kneeled down in the water, placing his hands on her inner thighs to get Lavinia to widen her stance and allow him easier access. With his fingertips he reached forward from between her legs, trailing through the wetness that slowly made its entrance, he rubbed the glistening fluid between his thumb and forefinger before circling Lavinia's clitoris with a light pressured touch. Quivers vibrated through her core, relaxing her completely to the moment. At that instance I saw the wash of lust sweep across her entire body. Eros was in the room, and he with his sharpened arrows was going to plunge again and again into the trio. 

Inserting two fingers inside my mother's cunt the younger man begun fucking her. I could see my mother's radiant juice dripping over the man's fingers as he thrust them inside. From two to three fingers and then a forth. The older man's erection was loosing some of its ferociousness with the lack of attention. With his free hand that wasn't firmly grasping a breast, the older man roughly grabbed my mother from the base of her head pulling her to the side of the bath where he sat on the edge.

'You know what I want!' He growled.

Without a moment's loss, my mother had his semi-erect cock in her mouth; her hands planted firmly on the edge either side of the older man for leverage. She immediately took him deep within her throat, drawing as much suction as she could driving the older man's eyes back into his head, his face suddenly red from the inspired aspirations Lavinia's tongue was inflicting upon his hard member.

A little annoyed at his pleasure palace being taken from him, the younger man took his long, thick cock and rammed it up inside of Lavinia's cunt, raising her body momentarily from its stance. She moaned shamelessly from the pleasurable force. Thrusting up inside of her roughly, wanting to hurt her because he could. However it didn't take long for his senses to kick in and his need for gratification to take over as he slowed his movements rhythmically to allow Lavinia time to meet his thrusts with her own movements, allowing for maximum pleasure for the older man. The younger man took his middle finger, and while fucking my mother the courtesan, inserted it into her arse, my mother's green eyes stunned from the sensation. And as the trio moved and rocked in time, the older man coming first, followed by my mother and finally the younger politician, I could not help but think that this was to be my future... I was to assume the family business and become Rome's next Pleasure Palace, my stomach all a flutter at the very idea.

From high up in the ceiling, my eyes caught sight of a blurry yet well defined beauty of being that disappeared just as it appeared. Eros! That imp of a being was laughing at me, his weapon of lengthen sharp arrows were pointed my way and I fear that there would be no escape from the creature I was to become. Across the room, I watched, as my mother who was being swept up by insurmountable excitement looked my way. 

She mouthed the words 'This is your destiny...' 

Shortly thereafter, when we were alone together bathing in the rose scented water, she explained that over my lifetime, I would know many men and women...however my first hurdle would be my attachment to the Goddess Vesta. My bond with her would be broken to the highest bidder...but that Marcus, I will tell you tomorrow eve, my body craves a night of sleep and it is almost another day, kiss me quick before you go, touch my inner thigh to make me quiver...be still till tomorrow and another night's pleasure.