 I got up late, worked till noon. There are always things to monitor and manage when you have wide interests. I worked to distract myself from the conundrum that was Eve. I couldn't really tell if I was in the garden before or after I ate of the tree of knowledge. I knew that Eve had signed the contract and then repudiated it so I was in a pickle. I had to figure out a way to keep her or the whole artifice might unravel. I had reality on my side, I did own the houses once they signed them over to me. My people were handling that paperwork with an agency locally but I had no wish to keep them using reality. I wanted the seductive promise of sexual fantasy to keep my women compliant. I had to keep seducing Eve till she was utterly seduced with no thought of escaping my velvet hold on her but could I do that? The thought throbbed like a tooth ache. 

I was in the kitchen making a sandwich when my phone rang. It was Crowley.

"Charlie, how you doing?" 

"Boss, hey listen, we got a problem." 

"Oh?" Everything was a problem to Crowley. I had learned to just wait for particulars before reacting. 

"Well, actually, not a problem. It's well, its more of an opportunity. Rae Dawn Stewart." 

I remembered the name from the portfolio. "CEO of James and St. James Trust, an investment firm." I said thoughtfully. I had been avoiding her because she was the only truly single woman on the list. Independently wealthy and a real snag in my picture. I had concentrated on picking the low hanging fruit rather than getting tangled up with that complex woman to this point. We were waiting for her professional disaster to put her at risk so I could do my thing with her. 

"You remember that she was being investigated by the SEC and the justice department, right?" 

"Oh yes, I remember now. That was why we thought we'd still be able to gain some leverage and get her house."

"It just got easier. The indictment is coming out this week, Thursday or Friday, I'd guess. I, uh, I have a friend who helped himself to a copy of...I said indictment, I mean settlement. They are offering her a settlement, generous by some standards but devastating to her, I should think." Crowley was nearly chortling. 

"Charlie, what have you been up to?" I asked, chiding him with my tone but thinking of her picture. She was a dirty, dirty blond with an upright figure, lean but for great tits and full, pouting lips. She worked out, had run a marathon recently which, with those tits was an impressive accomplishment. They could put out and eye if she was the least bit aroused. Can a woman run aroused? Ever try to run with an erection, damn inconvenient. 

"Boss, okay, listen, I may have been a little hasty here and I, well, I saw an opening and I took it. I mean, see, the Feds, they have the resources of a badly run charity when it comes to this sort of thing so I thought it was my public duty to help them out a little. You know, help them find assets and locate funds that Ms. Stewart thought were well hidden."

"Oh?" 

"Yeah. And, and boss, then I more or less negotiated with the Feds to agree to drop the charges against her if, if she would forfeit her assets." Crowley did laugh then. "Oh fuck me, its beautiful. They have her dead to rights on a fraud charge that will put her in the slammer for two years. Nothing silly but god, she'd never work again and in the end, she'd still lose everything. My agreement is that if they convince her to take the plea deal, I'll tell them where the assets are and they get everything."

I saw the angle. "Are you sure you have everything? If, if she has something squirreled away out of reach...?"

"I covered that contingency. She surrenders her passport." Crowley laughed then. "They have her passport but, if she takes their settlement, she has to agree to be released to you, on your recognizance as it were. The one thing I insisted on was acquiring the house deed before they settle the thing. She'll be yours and all you have to do is crawl in her knickers and make her squawk!" 

Crowley had a way with words that tended to reflect his personal reality. I could tell he liked the idea of this woman. He surely did like poke-a-knowing with high-powered women. Hell, he liked poking any sort of women that fit his measurements, whatever they were. 

"Even if she has funds out of the country, she won't be able to leave for two or three years. Still negotiating that. And boss, here, here is the kicker. She'll be accountable to you because you'll put up a bond. You can use all of my resources to make sure she has no other funding. If she taps it, you get it to pay off the bond. Even if it exceeds the amount of the bond you post to keep her out of jail, we can tie it up till she walks like an Egyptian!" Crowley roared then, the man did love his work. He was either in a great mood or nervous as a virgin in a frat house. 

"I think you mean till she walks like a cowboy, don't you, Charlie?" 

Crowley quieted. "Whatever, boss. But this means you have to move. Today." 

"Oh?"

"Yeah, well soon but we can't sit on this, if we do, we could lose our chance altogether. She is not stalling for time, she is angling for something but I am not sure what that is yet. Listen, they are going to present her with a plea deal by the end of the week latest. If she sees it without any recourse, she may reject it and make a run for it. You need to go over and offer to buy her out of her house. Just the house. Don't tell her about the plea, that you know it is coming. They won't finalize it unless they have my asset list and I don't surrender that till she sucks your cock for you." 

"You like her, don't you Crowley?" I heard it in his voice. The voyeuristic tension that he never made much effort to hide when discussing pussy with me, pussy he lusted after on his own terms. 

"Who wouldn't...yeah, sure boss. She's a doll but a spitfire too. Taming her will be like bending titanium."

"I took Mrs. Sawyer for a walk around the neighborhood on a leash with a collar around her neck yesterday." I offered.

Silence. 

Finally, "Shit, boss, don't do that to me. Goddamn. Really? By the way nice job with Mrs. Lewis yesterday. I, I am sorry I fucked that up. China did a good job and now she's...well, I blamed her and she is working it off. She's okay. Anyway, those were some real heavies on the line and you handled it just fine."

I had a moment, feeling proud followed close on by resentment that he would express the opinion I needed reassurance. I didn't but Crowley was my father's man and it was as close to paternal approval as I was going to get now. I don't know if he intended it that way, I doubted it. Crowley is as subtle as a whale fluke. 

I focused on the business at hand. 

"Do you think Ms. Stewart will go for it? The buy out and all?" 

"Once she sees the offer from the Feds. The kicker will be the bond requirement. I think I have all her options blunted so she'll be forced into your loving arms. Before she gets the offer, though, she needs to have your offer on the table." 

"I haven't even met her. I am not sure she is even home." 

Crowley chortled. "I am. Boss, we knew she was the one that was going to be a problem and I have been working on her. She's under house arrest. Can't leave her house till the trial. She's been living high on her own hog but they'll freeze every one of her assets and she'll not be able to buy a cake roll. She is an opportunist but more than that, she is an epicurean. If my research is right, she'll take the shortcut and fuck you just to keep her caviar cool. Or pate or whatever the fuck snooty bitches eat when they aren't gnawing on cock." Crowley's laugher sounded like gunfire. "But they won't wait on you. You have to go present her with your option immediately. Tomorrow might be too late." 

I nodded to myself. I waited, Crowley hadn't hung up yet. 

"Uh, boss, have you boinked that Mrs. Lewis yet? She seems to be a bit of a live one." 

"Not yet, Crowley. I'm letting her steep."

"Steep? What the fuck?"

"Soak in her own juices, like a good steak. I am aging her."

"Oh, marinade." Crowley chortled again. "Boss, I'd not bother to tenderize her. I'd take her rough."

"Charlie, you'd take Tinker Bell rough." 

He roared at that. "By god, Alan, you're right. I guess I would." He hung up. 

Crowley was proud of setting up the single Ms. Stewart but I suspected he was relieved that I was not making an issue of his oversight. Dear Ms. China was likely not getting off so easy if he blamed her for the oversight. I bet her ass was sore and would be for some time to come. Crowley does like the ass...!

I sat in my office in a lull like my operating system was lagging badly. But then it caught up and with its swell of capacity it brought the perfect inspiration. I did not even think, I just walked right out the front door and over to the Sawyer house. To my surprise, Eve answered the door. 

She appeared more or less together, not bedraggled as she appeared yesterday.

"Mr. Gale, come to cast us out into utter darkness?"

"I think the saying is outer darkness and no. Get your collar." My cock heard the words and popped into full readiness, skipping all degrees of lassitude. 

"No." 

My cock wilted. I did not like that syllable any more than my dick did. 

"Excuse me?" 

"I said, no. I won't go get my collar." She said. After speaking the last word, her chin lifted a little and she looked down her fine nose at me. "No." She repeated, just to be sure I did not miss it.

When I didn't move or speak for a couple seconds, she calmly closed the door. 

I turned around, bumfuzzled. 

"Shit." I thought. "There goes that idea." I looked around, getting my bearings. I thought I knew where Ms. Stewart lived and walked in that direction. Like the other mailboxes in our little enclave, her name was on hers so that gave me some reassurance I had the right house. I walked up to the door and rang the bell. I didn't know what I was doing exactly. To this point, I'd managed to bring the women to my door, not the other way around. Well, Vidya was something of an exception but hell, seeing a belly dancer would draw you through a screen too. 

The door opened. 

Her reality was sexier than the research suggested. Her hair was a mess, like a big wad of dirty cotton candy around her head like an aura in the strong daylight. She stood glaring at me. She wore a USC sweatshirt and sweatpants. Her bare feet showed painted toe nails, green, a detail I filed away because it hardly matched the image of a corporate maven that I had in my head. 

"Yes? Who are you?" 

For a second I was Alan Livingston but then my mind kicked in and I quit focusing on her wobbling tits. 

"Joshua. Joshua Gale." I managed to get out. So far, confronted with each new Holdingsfield woman, my mouth tended to go dry while my heart sped up, hammering in my chest. Implicitly I had told myself I'd go along with the nasty bit of vengeance for my sister for as long as that happened. When I lost that thrill running through my bones, I'd quit and go back to work. I always felt it with a bit of relief because seriously, this was fun, fucking fun! 

She waited. Finally she said, "So? Should I know you?" 

"May I come in?" 

"No. You may not. The last guy I let in the door I didn't know put this on me!" She snarled, pulling up on her pants leg to reveal a blinking red light mounted on a black band around her left ankle. 

I grinned. I could not help myself. Suddenly I felt that other thrill, the thrill that kept me from frittering away my life chasing pussy, the thrill of the deal. For a moment I had that feeling, that chill up my spine that suggested I knew what I was confronting. I had the feeling that this woman was negotiating with me, that she knew what was what in Holdingsfield, perhaps she was even the fabled Chair of the Board that I sought. I felt she had something at stake but I didn't have a clue what it was. Given her recent shift in circumstances, whatever was infusing her now likely had little to do with who she had once been. Losing everything as she had, professionally speaking, left a gap in the world and if you fell into it, you may never return. I got the impression the wind was trying to suck her into that abyss and she was scrabbling for a hold to stay where she was. There is was, the word I was looking for. 

Desperation. 

She was desperately trying to hide her desperation. 

"What do you want?" She asked again, interrupting my flow of thought. 

I was a little irritated by the interruption, people usually waited for me to return from gathering my wool. I had to stay in the moment, I was just some guy ringing her bell. Man oh man did I want to ring her bell. My hard cock testified and I straightened a little to be sure to present my main member to her eyes, if she checked out my crotch. 

"Joshua Gale." I repeated, searching for my entree. "May I come in?" 

"No. Asked and answered. What do you want? I am not prone to slamming doors in people's faces but I may if you don't give me a sound reason to stand here listening to you." 

"I have a proposition for you." I said. I realized I had arrived at her door without a fully thought out plan of action, an approach and that was not like me but the feeling of dangling out in space without references sort of jazzed me up. "I have contracts with several homeowners in Holdingsfield, to purchase their homes, I mean." 

Her eye brows raised. "Oh? Why would you do that?"

I smiled my best smarmy smile. "Arbitrage. Something I am sure you know about. I find this to be a very interesting opportunity, Holdingsfield, I mean." 

Rae Dawn Stewart waited. 

I decided to be circumspect but immediately changed my mind. That would get me in trouble. If I tried to disguise what I was about, I'd end up with angry partners and that did not work for me. They needed to lift their skirts intentionally and with eagerness for this to be any fun. Sharon wanted a rape scene but I don't do that, well, not as a rule. If a woman wanted something like that, I'd figure a way to give her what she wanted. I shook my head. I needed to focus.

"Ms. Steward, let me be frank with you."

"Please do." 

"I have offered to buy people's houses and cure their deficits to keep them in place as part of a trade. When someone has no capital to bring to a deal, you have to find a way to value what they do still possess. In the case of Holdingfield, this consortium is broke, bankrupt and if you all don't hang together you will hang separately and no one will be well hung." 

She arched on eyebrow, a distinct and conscious action but she did not otherwise change expression or make any move at all. One hand remained high on the door ready to slam it closed. 

"The women of Holdingsfield with a few notable exceptions are beautiful, that is to say fuckable. I am offering each homeowner the chance to settle their debt but they must write a contract entitling me to use them sexually anyway I please, within some parameters to be worked out after the deal is consummated." If I expected her to be aghast or something, I was disappointed, and I was and so I was, so double the disappointment. She continued to regard me with her incredibly focused stare. "My plan is to provide the women of Holdingsfield a way to fuck their way out of this debt they have acquired, both individually and collectively."

"You want to turn us all into hookers?" 

I shook my head. "No. Well, not exactly. I want you to have sex for money, yes, but with the understanding that you pick the men you wish to fuck and reject the rest. I figure with the variety of women here in Holdingsfield, nearly any given guy should be able to find at least one woman who will consent to having sex with him. Statistically, it is unlikely one guy can reject all of the women of Holdingsfield. 

"What does this have to do with me?" 

"I want the chance to offer you the same opportunity." 

"Fuck my way out of debt? No thanks." She started to close the door.

"Wait. Wait a second. I am providing capital to heal the situation and you who would benefit from that have nothing I want. Or need. I provide you with a way out of debt and I give you your sexual fantasies, if I can. My cock is my cock and it stopped growing long ago but otherwise I mean. The women enjoy being fucked whenever I like. They do. Honest." It felt weak and pallid even to me. 

Rae stopped though. "I don't believe you." She said softly. "No woman would let you just, do what you wanted with her. And enjoy it. You're lying. You are just imagining things, making shit up because you know..." She stopped. Her face worked for a moment and her lips pursed like she was kissing a peach. "Prove it. I bet you can't do what you just said. I bet not one of these women would fuck you while I watched!" She smiled all superior and confident and something else I didn't quite classify right. I thought it was contempt at the time. "Come back when you aren't talking bullshit." The door closed.

"I'll be back in an hour!" I shouted at the closed door. 

I turned away. Of course I could come back, with a woman on a leash ready to fuck. I found I was walking towards the Sawyer house and stopped. 

"Fuck me." I grunted, realizing that Eve wouldn't do as I wanted. Rae was right about Eve, at least so far but then I realized something else. She wasn't the only pussy in the stable. Stable? Fuck that, I may ride these women but not a one of them was horsey. This was an American Harem. I grinned. Fuck me but I liked the sound of that. American because they aren't imprisoned or captured. In America they join by signing a contract. Harem because I could fuck them all. 

I glared in the Sawyer's direction. I needed to address that, her rejection but I felt the press of Crowley's urgency that I administer my offer to Ms. Stewart immediately. Fuck. What would I do now?

Suddenly I felt foolish, again. I did have a harem and it was populated by a number of women that would fit a collar and leash just fine. I sauntered back towards my house, mentally flipping through my options. Liza, Val and Mrs. Lewis came to mind but they all felt wrong for this little effort. Vidya and Kiko did not please me. I wanted a white woman on a leash. I went inside and sat in my office, puzzled. My mind seemed muddled and confused. 

It had been so perfect, the picture of Eve Covington panting through and orgasm or kneeling with my cock in her mouth while Ms. Stewart listened distractedly to my proposal. I had this mania in me. I'd dreamed of only Eve last night. Her ass clinching as I fucked her from behind. Her mouth on my cock sucking me while her big, model's eyes gazed up at me, filled with mixed emotions that tortured her in many different ways but never released her from the lust that drove her back to my cock over and over again. I had her and by god I wanted to keep her. 

Her big bad "no" echoed around in my head. I was startled because I guess I figured that having her sign the contract was the last struggle I'd have with her. Deep in my idiot heart, I thought that it'd be smooth sailing after that. I tried to imagine Jeri Lewis with a collar on her neck and couldn't do it. I ended up with it stuffed between my jaws and a broom stick shoved up my ass, in my imagination, I mean. I had the feeling I was forgetting something when the taxi appeared. 

Jews and Quakers but I felt stupid. I watched out my office window as Mrs. Simpson bustled out of the taxi with her two cases, paid him and then listened as she rattled through the front door. Mrs. Simpson obviously solved my problem. 

I got up and went to the door of the office. Jennifer dropped her bags and flew into my arms. She hugged me tight, trying to get all of her body to contact mine, which was impossible but fun to attempt. When the hug abated, she took my face in both hands and kissed me soundly on the lips. 
