 It was not news that I particularly wanted to hear. I had just come home with the announcement that the firm I worked for was consolidating and my branch office would close in three weeks. So out of work in this environment did not place me in a sweet mood to hear the words from my wife.

Before I could even begin my saga to her, she poured me a cup of afternoon tea and sat me down in the kitchen. Trying to figure out in my head how to tell her, while pretending to listen to her, was going to be tough.

"You do remember Audrey, my cousin?" she started.

"Yeah, the redhead that got plastered at the wedding and flashed the groomsmen" I grudgingly answered.

"That was her, my wife Linda stated, but she did more than flash those guys and others."

"Ok, what about her?" I quipped.

"Well, Linda began with a deep breath; she's coming to stay with us for 3-4 months." As she got the last words out, she recoiled, expecting a blast from me. I guess I was still foggy from my work news to reel that information in, so my response was rather tepid at best.

Linda was startled to say the least. I think she expected more outward emotion since I really didn't like too many people around and if some relatives or friends stayed more than a long weekend, I got really cranky. I think Linda felt unsure if I really heard her and she repeated the news about Audrey.

This time it hit home and my own news took a back burner.

'Why the fuck is she coming here for that long?" I snapped.

Now my wife Linda knew that the news finally hit my brain cells and she prepared herself by taking an enormous deep breath of air in her lungs. Slowly she exhaled, and began.

'Well Aunt Natalie called and asked if we could help out Audrey. She evidently got herself pregnant and since both my aunt and uncle are big social icons in their city, they thought it best that she stay elsewhere till delivery."

"Why the hell doesn't she abort?" I snorted out in contempt.

My wife was not amused and continued her explanation.

"She's starting to show, it's been about 5-6 months and she did not tell them till last week. They are outraged about this and are hoping that after birth she will opt for adoption and then she can come home. They are willing to make it worth our while to put up with her for that period of time; like I said 3-4 months maybe."

This sparked my interest, considering my personal dilemma about work and money.

"What do you mean about making it worthwhile for us?" I questioned with a great deal of interest.

"Aunt Natalie offered to pay our mortgage or whatever we needed, in the area of 3,500 hundred a month."

Shit, since I was making 4 grand a month working, I thought what a relief. Add in unemployment if I didn't get anything right away and we would be ahead. The dollar signs were clouding my feelings; I really didn't care too much for Audrey. She was pretty and all, but certainly high maintenance and would be a pain to have around. However the thought of having income for possibly the next 6 months was just too appealing.

While Linda waited for a response from me, I sighed out, "It's ok by me, and we could use the money."

Linda looked relieved as if she had averted a major storm, knowing how I usually was. I thought it best to not bring up my employment status at this point, less she saw my glee in this "found" money. Anyway I had three weeks till the office closed and I could wait a week to inform her of my two week notice.

When I walked to my office on the other side of the house, I glanced at the framed photo in the hallway of our wedding six years ago. There in the picture of the wedding party was Cousin Audrey two down from my wife. She was all of 19 then and a total spitfire. She was flirting with all the men there, both young and old. Hell, she even grabbed my dad's ass when they were dancing. I still remember the look on his face as she clutched at his butt and wouldn't let go. Her parents were totally embarrassed by her behavior and were constantly trying to leave during the reception. 

But the most vivid memory was when I went to a spare room to grab some coats for people leaving; I found my best man Eddie plowing into Audrey's bare pussy while both were still dressed. They were both on the threshold of their orgasms and I stood in shock as they slammed into each other with almost painful looking thrusts. Audrey was almost growling with her release and the way her fingernails were clawing on Eddie's back, she would have drawn blood if he wasn't still dressed.

With that thought in my head, I entered my office and began to realize what I had committed to. That nymphomaniac was going to live with us for months at least, and from what I had heard, had never slowed down in her ways. The times we have been together for family gatherings she always came on to me and even outright offered her pink pussy to me. I feel I am a faithful guy but she is cute and her ass is heart shaped. Her tits are not big, but shaped well and her skin a pale color to go along with her flowing red hair that cascades down her back. She has cute freckles on her cheeks which give her a more youthful and innocent look. Trust me; she is hard to say no too.

I was hoping that the pregnancy would stop her shenanigans or at least slow her down. The problem was that I would be home more often than not in the next few weeks and having her underfoot was not going to make life simple. Once before she stayed with us over a holiday weekend and paraded around with the smallest tank tops and shorts. As she left the bathroom one day after a shower she flashed her tantalizing ass at me on the way to her room.

I sat at my computer and crunched the numbers. Based on her family paying us for some months and the severance I was expecting (I had talked to a buddy in HR earlier) I figured we had enough to cover us for the next 10 months or year if we really cut. This relieved me to no end, as it would take the pressure of finding or settling for something lower, off. 

I went back out to rejoin Linda in the kitchen and see what the schedule was for Audrey's stay.

"Hey Hon, when is all this supposed to start with your cousin?"

"She'll be here by the end of the week. We need to get some stuff out of the spare room so she can have some space" Linda remarked.

"Oh, Derek, one other thing, my wife added. Aunt Natalie took her car away, since she was the co-signer and Audrey was not making payments. So it looks like we will have to drive her around to some extent, since we both need our cars for work."

Shit I thought, that's going to suck when I'm laid off and home. The bitch will probably hound me to take her around. God why didn't she have the sense to keep her car?

I muttered some curse words under my breath so Linda got the idea that I was not happy about the car status. I would have to figure something out over this week to keep my inconvenience to a minimum.

Going back into the office I spruced up my resume and made it complete so I could begin sending them out. Even though we were going to be fine financially for a while, I still wanted to land a new position asap so I don't get in a rut like I have seen from others.

Working the next week was stressful for everybody. Knowing that the bomb was in the building and the doors would shut soon, made it feel like a morgue. Those that knew walked around in shock; those that didn't were oblivious to the gut kick they were fixing to get.

Finally Friday hit and the notices went out, some were to leave that day, others like me, received two week notices. I also did get the expected severance package, which was a little more than I hoped when I factored in the unused vacation days. All in all I got about 6 months pay. So with Audrey's cash, we were going to be in even better shape.

So when I got home that night I sat Linda down and told her of the closing. She was supportive and said she could ask for more hours at her position, but I told her we were fine. She did remark that the money from Audrey's stay would come in handy, I nodded knowing full well how much of a cushion that would be. Linda reminded me that Audrey's plane would be landing within the next two hours so we better head out.

Having not seen Audrey in about 2 years, I was taken aback when she came out of baggage claim. Her long flowing hair was trimmed in a nice shorter style. The makeup she was using gave her a darker skin tone than her usual redhead paleness. Her tits were bigger and more pronounced, probably due to the pregnancy, her frame was somewhat larger due to a few extra pounds, all in the right places. She definitely did not hurt the eyes to look at.

Upon spotting us she ran forward and gave Linda a big hug and check kisses, turning to me she circled my neck with her arms and planted a fairly wet kiss between my cheek and lip. She also ran her hand down my backside and cupped my left butt cheek and gave it a squeeze and lift. New look, same old Audrey.

She left me with the bags and grabbed Linda's arm and walked with her outside to the car. I received a superb look at her backside, still heart shaped and tight as ever, nor did I see any panty lines in her tight slacks. Other than very slight love handles, I could not tell you with total assurance that she was pregnant, she just did not show.

They chatted in the back on the way home, I thought to myself some of the ground rules we needed to set up to handle this period of time. Once she settled in and unpacked and had something to drink, we would discuss our expectations of her visit and what she could expect from us.

Once we settled in and relaxed and got generalities done about home, Linda and I had decided that she should take the lead in stating the guidelines of Audrey stay. This was of course after Audrey filled us in on her status. In short, no she did not know exactly who the father was; she was not 100% behind the idea of adoption; she would return home about a month after birth. She said her Mom had told friends and family that she was on an international tour, visiting far away lands with a world cruise. I chuckled knowing that the world cruise was one state over and a 10 hour car ride.

Once Audrey was done, Linda started. "Audrey, just so you know, Derek has been laid off and will be home more often than not. This will not be an excuse for you to abuse his time by requesting the car for yourself or for that matter, using him for your outings. We don't mean to place you in a convent, you are no prisoner, but your Mom wanted you safe as well as the baby."

Audrey was half grinning at me with the home more often statement. My stomach did a little dance followed by a nervous growl.

Linda continued. "While you're here we expect you to honor our home and express yourself with respect and dignity. Also when we have the occasional friends over or even a small party, we demand solid behavior." That was in deference to her past actions at social gatherings where she would behave with no inhabitations. 

Linda carried on with the rules. "We will try and make this as pleasant for all of us during this time. Your Mom wanted a good OBGYN so I have asked my doctor to recommend one. We will make an appointment as soon as we can and get you established. Any questions so far?"

Meekly Audrey response was a low sounding, no.

"Ok then, Linda continued, you can do things on your own or you are free to join us in our outings, like the movies or dining out. We don't do a lot of that, but you would be more than welcome to participate with that. I would hope that you would see fit to help around the house, cooking and cleaning as long as you are capable. One of us will be available for all your doctor visits and tests that may be needed."

At this point I think we were all getting a headache and decided to call it a night. I stayed up to watch a little TV and lo and behold I dozed off. I was awoken by some noise in the kitchen, quickly looking at my watch which said midnight. I remember part of the 10PM news, so I was out for some time. Following the noise trail, I saw Audrey rummaging thru the fridge, back to me with a thin pink pajama top on and an extremely small panty, which highlighted her ass cheeks. This thing was one step larger than a thong. I gazed at that ass till she turned around and spotted me which created a shit eating grin on her face.

"Sorry Derek, she said tongue in cheek, I thought I was being quiet, I didn't mean to wake you."

Now with her turned, my gaze went to her tits which hung almost out of her pajamas. Almost everything was exposed with the exception of her nipples and yes those tits were a cup or two bigger than I remember. Audrey noticed my stare and looking down at her own tits, looked back up like the Cheshire cat.

The silence seemed to last an eternity, but was short lived. Audrey sat down with some leftovers and wanted to ask me a question.

My mind finally got out of the gutter and I said go ahead. "Well in all my packing to come here, I forgot some things. Since tomorrow is Saturday would you be a dear and go shopping with me? I'm sure I can get everything I need from one store."

"Yeah, I can do that."

"Great, night night then" as Audrey wiggled her way back to her room.

Linda was already gone to work when I got up, so I busied myself getting breakfast started and checking e-mails. I was delighted to see several responses to my resume, one even talked of setting up a meeting. Naturally I was in a good mood when Audrey came into the room. She had exercise tights on that showcased her ass and a cut off tee, just below her tits. If she was going to dress like this the whole time here, I was going to be in trouble.

"After breakfast we are going out, right? Remember I said I needed some things."

In a stunned voice I asked her, if she was going out like that. She gave me an eye roll and said there was nothing wrong with her dress. If her plans were to stand on a street corner, then yes, it was Ok. But if we were shopping in a regular store, I wouldn't go out with her like that. In a storm she huffed out back to her room to change.

She came back out wearing form fitting jeans and a loose blouse, bra free. I figured this would be the best I could expect and we left the house. Once in the car I asked where we needed to go and what stuff she was looking for. Rummaging thru her purse, Audrey pulled out a note and read off the following.

"I need to go to the Red Lips Boutique on Kragen Blvd, in the 12 hundred block."

Crap, Kragen Blvd was in a seedy part of town; hookers hung out there and some seedy motels and a couple bars and strip joints. What the fuck could she want there? I thought.

I was a little flustered and had to ask. "What is a Red Lips Boutique and why do you need to get something there?"

"I didn't bring any playthings with me and I need to at least masturbate daily" Audrey answered nonchalantly. 

I was perplexed. "Playthings? What kind of toys do you need for crying out loud, you're pregnant!"

Audrey was not batting an eye. "I need some rubbers, a couple of dildos and probably some other stuff."

"Fuck, I'm not taking you" I yelled.

"So then, are you going to help me out by fucking me?"

"Hell no" I hollered.

"Well then, I guess you need to continue on and get me to that store."

Talk about being boxed in and she hadn't been in our house 24 hours yet. I thought it best to capitulate and let her have her way and fight another day if needed. Plus after a little review, if she could control her horniness it should be more peaceful at home. I told her softly that she won and the store was about a mile ahead.

We arrived on Kragen and the store was in the middle of the block, with a bar on one side and a strip joint on the other. In the store window it described adult DVD's, toys and other novelties. Since I didn't like the neighborhood, I told Audrey she should go in, do her shopping; I would remain with the car to safeguard it.

My wait got longer and longer. Fifteen minutes turned into 30, then 45. How long could it be to buy sex toys? With some hesitation and reluctance, I decided to go in and see what was taking so long. The store was pretty packed with product; one half of the store had rows and rows of videos, the rest was made up of sexual undergarments and explicit clothing. By the front counter and underneath were sex toys and an assortment of blow up dolls. I was nervous to say the least; this was not someplace I generally went to.

I heard a voice ask if they could help me. I turned to see an older woman, perhaps 60 or so, standing behind the register. She was relatively short, maybe 5 feet, with salt and pepper hair, touching her shoulders. She was wearing a turtle neck that didn't help her height appearance but what immediately caught my view were her massive tits. They stuck out of her sweater like giant balloons, pushing the sweater outward and stretching the fabric. Just in amazement at the sight of those huge melons, I did not hear her again ask if she could help me.

It finally dawned on me she was talking so I responded that I was looking for someone, mainly a woman with red hair. The older woman lit up and smiled and said, "Oh, Audrey, she's in the back trying some provocative under wear on." Christ I thought, she's been in here so long they already know her name.

The older lady came around from the counter and approached me. I could now see her entire frame and she was not heavy and had a taut looking body, but those tits stuck out like a battering ram and that's the only place my eyes seemed to go. She reached out her hand and said, "Hi, I'm Sylvie and I own this shop. You must be Audrey's husband. Congrats on your new baby, I'm sure you will enjoy it."

Son of a bitch, the crap that Audrey's been spewing. I didn't think this woman needed an explanation, my thoughts was to get Audrey and get the fuck out. So I said nothing and just went to the back to the sign marked dressing room. A few moments later, Audrey walks out in a total see thru negligee which immediately drew a wolf whistle from Sylvie who had followed me back

"Honey you look down right delicious" from the eager Sylvie. As she said that she did a TSA impersonation on Audrey, running her hands along the curves and tits of Audrey. I don't remember seeing anyone else in the store but I was extremely nervous about this touchy grabby stuff. Audrey could have cared less as she viewed herself in the mirror and basically ignored the wandering hands on her.

"How much longer are you going to be Audrey?" I spit out with disgust in my voice.

"I'm almost done. Sylvie wanted me to try on some of her new arrivals, aren't they cute?" Audrey turned her body and then bent at the waist and waved her ass at me. Raising my hands over my head, I hurriedly walked outside; knowing full well that almost done meant a lot more wait time. Suddenly the bar next door looked inviting.

I entered the bar and took a seat which left me a good view of my car. A guy came over and I ordered a draft. The place was quite empty, it was still pretty early. Back at the far end sat the typical barfly and a guy who obviously had never gone home the night before sat in the middle of the bar.

When the guy brought my beer, he sat down, which surprised me. I guess the other two in the bar when not in conversation mode and this guy might have wanted company.

"Hi, I'm Aaron and I manage this place, he said as he held out his hand. What brings you out so early on a glorious day?"

I took his hand and we had a firm handshake. I don't know why, but I did feel comfortable in engaging him. It might be good to spill out my feelings to a stranger, especially a bartender. Aren't they supposed to be the best listeners and sage of advisers? 

"Yeah, I'm Derek and I brought my wife's cousin to the place next door. She's shopping like a fool in that joint and I couldn't stand it."
