 Tessa hadn't felt right since she and Danny arrived at the Armstrong's French styled Villa on Saturday night. 

Noah and Elaine Coulter greeted them with Elaine planting a sensual kiss on Danny's mouth and Noah doing the same with Tessa.

"We have another couple with us this evening. Burt Adams and... quite frankly, I don't know his escort's name, but she is a stunner, don't you think?"

The stunner was a big breasted blonde whose chest screamed 'plastic.' Her skirt was so short Tessa could see the curve of her ass, and it was clear that if she bent in any direction you would know if she was a natural blonde or not.

A moment later she did, and you couldn't, because she was shaved. There was just a twinkling of pale flesh. Bert had noted Tessa's arrival and had deliberately dropped something like a business card on the floor and then told the blonde to pick it up.

She did, and flashed her shaven pussy at everyone looking at her at that moment. 

Danny jabbed Tessa in the arm and said, "Looks like James Bond and Pussy Galore are here tonight."

For Tessa, things worsened quickly. Bert brought his 'pet' over for an introduction. Both Tessa and Danny noticed the dog color the blonde wore at about the same time. There was a leash attached and it was held loosely by her date, Bert. 

Tessa took note of the other women in the room. They appeared transfixed by the blonde's capitulation to Bert's obvious dominance over her.

"Hello, you two. I'm Bert Adams. I certainly hope that we can get together at some point this evening." He was talking to Tessa and acting as if Danny didn't exist.

Tessa knew better, but challenged him anyway, saying: "Hello, Bert. Where'd you get your pet, K-Mart?"

Burt acted as if he hadn't heard her remark, "Let me present the lovely Anita. Anita Brownhill. Anita, say hello to these nice people."

The blonde didn't raise her head, just her eyes. "Hello," she said in a small voice. 

"I'm teaching Diane to be a submissive." He was ignoring everyone but Danny and Tessa. He wanted someone to play straight man and Tessa had risen to take the bait.

"Isn't she a little, ah, young?"

"Oh, you're never too young to learn, or too old for that matter."

"Tess!" Danny said, wanting to move on.

"Teaching her all the tricks, are you?" Tessa spat out, as much as telling him to go fuck himself.

Bert laughed genially and slowly replied in a soft, low voice, "I'd prefer teaching you. What say you, Danny? Want to trade up?"

Before Danny could respond, Bert added, "You'll love my technique, Tessa. I'd play with your ass, lick you, and stretch out our love-making until you begged me to let you come."

The room had gone silent.

Elaine, the evening's hostess, looked like she wanted to hide, though she couldn't take her eyes off Bert and Tessa.

Bert, with a snide smile calmly asked Tessa if she would like to dance. 

Tessa took a step back and glanced at Danny, hoping he'd intervene on her behalf. When he didn't say anything, she demurred, wanting to say something to put him in his place, but unable to think of anything at the moment.

Then she looked him in the eye and said, "You seem to have a date."

"But we're here to swap our dates, isn't that the purpose of the party?"

"No... Ah... No, not necessarily."

"Well, maybe another time." He took the leash and pulled Diane out to the floor just as a tango began.

Tessa's jaw dropped, he was a magnificent dancer!

Everyone watched as he spun the blonde around so fast that her skirt rose to her waist, revealing her vagina to one and all. 

Inwardly, Tessa cursed. The son-of-a-bitch loves being the center of attention. 

"Jesus Christ!" Danny gulped.

Tessa saw what he meant. Burt had bent the blonde from the waist so that her ass was pointed directly at Tessa and fixed on Tessa's face; he mouthed the words, "Want to kiss it?" It was as though there was some communication only the two of them could hear, as though he owned the world, as though he owned the blonde and Tessa too.

Tessa turned to Danny and said, "I don't like this. Maybe we should just leave!"

"If you want to leave, we'll leave, honey," he replied, but seemed transfixed by the way Burt was treating the blonde.

"I... I have to get out of here," Tessa groaned, before running to the closest powder room.

Danny wasn't the only one fixated on the couple's actions. The crowd formed a circle around them. They were gawking, leering and laughing nervously, but there was no doubt that everyone was enthralled by Burt's treatment of the blonde and her slave-like acceptance in front of her audience.

Then Burt raised his middle finger and inserted it into the blonde's vagina. She closed her eyes and fought to keep her knees from buckling as he fingered her for a full minute, and then brought the finger out and up to his nose and smelled it. He turned and singled out his hostess, Cynthia Armstrong, and with a deliberately elaborate gesture, put the finger in his mouth and sucked on it.

*****

Tess locked the door to the bathroom, sat down on the toilet and put her face in her hands. A moment later she began to rock back and forth.

I can't handle this... this attraction to men like that. I love my husband... why am I attracted to guys like that. I get the heebie-jeebies thinking about the way he treated that poor woman... as if... as if she were his personal slave.

She was pulled out of her dreamy meditation by someone knocking at the door. "Sorry, I'm using the facilities,' she called out, and the person retreated.

Poor Tessa's hands were trembling as she tried wiping the tears streaming down her face.

My mascara will run... I should just go out there and grab Danny by the arm and waltz the hell out. We can go home and make love... Do we really need others to satisfy us sexually?

Oh, God... is he already off in a bedroom fucking one of them? Or has he left? Would he leave me here? No, I doubt it. But he might just let himself go off with any one of them, even the blonde. Especially the blonde, damn her!

The bathroom began to feel like a cell. From the door to the back wall it had just barely enough length for a small linen closet, a plain sink below an ordinary medicine cabinet with a weak light, the toilet, and the one fancy thing — an old-fashioned bathtub with four claw feet. It was perfect for her. The tiny, casement window at the back wall had milky glass, so she was cut off from the world. It was cold like a cell. Was that because it was all tiles, colorless ones, black and white, set in checkerboard? 

Tessa hunched down and hugged her arms close to her body. She couldn't hear them coupling from in here, just vague sounds, but she knew they were fornicating, in pairs, in threesomes, even with the occasional woman pulling a train. It was all happening out there and Danny was right in the middle of it all, happily fucking someone, not thinking about her, not even for the briefest moment.

Someone else knocked at the door. It seemed to reverberate off the tiles. She realized she had a headache from the sharp noises ricocheting off the walls. Tessa pressed her palms to her temples. There were hammering noises in her head.

"Tessa?" It was Danny! "Hey, let me in, kiddo."

"Danny?" She wondered if her voice was strong enough to get though the door. 

"Get up, stupid. Open the door. Your husband is on the other side. He's not with one of the others, he wants you. It's maybe seven feet to the door. Open it!

Fighting an impulse to curl up fetus-like in the corner, Tessa made it to the door and opened it. 

Danny rushed in and found her trembling, tears rolling down her cheeks.

"Hold me!" she cried meekly. And he took her into his arms and held her so tightly she thought he might break her in half, but didn't care if he did.

"Oh, you're quite a mess, makeup wise, honey," he said and wet a face cloth in the sink. Tessa remained standing as he gently washed her mascara stained face, and tossed the wash cloth into the sink basin. 

"Just a sec, honey," he said and took a moment to lock the bathroom door again.

"We can use a minute or so of privacy, you know?" 

Tessa nodded in agreement, and arms wrapped around her chest she said, "Right, I don't want anyone to see me like this."

"I know, it's okay. When you're able to compose yourself we'll leave. I think you should be home and in bed, not here in a stranger's bathroom."

Trance-like, Tessa repeated herself. "I don't want anyone to see me." She tried to stand up but sagged to one side as if suffering from vertigo then grabbed the seat below her to make the room stay still.

"Are you all right? I mean are you physically able to move?" Her husband asked with a concern that sent a warm flood throughout Tessa's body.

"I don't feel very well, but yes, I can walk to the car."

*****

By the time the garage door closed behind the Persons they were Frenching with a passion neither had had for the other in several years. Danny was squeezing Tessa's breasts through her dress. He'd unbuttoned the dress, pulled her bra up, and licked a nipple. 

Tessa went out of her mind.

Danny worked the dress down to her waist and up from her legs, petting her, kissing her, removing the bra entirely, pulling off her panties and fingering her like her senior-year boyfriend had.

Certainly she felt guilty after her actions at the party, but she wanted him all the same.

He assisted her into the backseat, pulled his pants down and climbed on top of her.

The moment he entered her, Tessa came and kept coming, one wave after another, until Danny finished.

"My god," Tessa gasped, "That was... extraordinary!"

"It was," her husband agreed. "It was better than anything any of those whores could offer by ten times."

"I... I feel like I'm in high school," Tessa said then giggled uncontrollably.

"That guy Burt made you uncomfortable they way he treated his date, didn't he?"

"Yes, he did. I mean, how could anyone allow themselves to be treated that way?" 

"Some people want to be dominated. It works both ways. I mean, men as well as women."

"We should straighten our clothing and get inside," Tessa said, growing nervous at being nearly nude in the backseat.

"I don't know anyone in the neighborhood that has a garage door opener with our code," Danny said with a smile.

"I know. I know, but..."

He was already opening the car door for her, and Tessa gave his penis a gentle, friendly squeeze as she moved past him and out of the car. He watched as she shimmied her dress down, but left her top open and one breast exposed.

In the privacy of their bedroom, Tessa found her inner thighs still damp, while aftershocks from her climaxes reverberated throughout her vulva. 

Danny followed her into the bedroom and immediately smelled the sexual odor wafting off her body.

She smiled shyly and asked if he would like to try it again.

"I'll need about ten minutes, but if you're especially horny I'll go down on you until I'm ready."

Tessa allowed herself to fall backward onto the bed and then raised her legs in the air, exposing her glistening cunt to his eyes.

He fell upon her and hungrily devoured her pussy and its juices until his cock was once again fully engorged with blood and fevered lust.

Just as she had in the backseat of their car, Tessa came almost immediately and kept coming. 

We don't need other people in our sex lives, she thought. If we can go at it like this, we don't need anyone else. I'll do Danny just as good as he's doing me and he'll have to agree with me.

Tessa had a fleeting thought of Margie sitting in a chair with her legs splayed over the arms, her wet cunt beckoning to Tessa. 

This was quickly followed by the recollection of her crawling on all fours toward Vince's incredibly thick cock, the urge to suck him off irresistible.

Maybe Vince and Margie, she told herself, conceding the possibility that there was room for at least one other couple in their lives.

After coming for the fifth time, Tessa pushed her husband away.

"Are you all right, honey?" Danny asked, stroking her face and kissing the side of her neck.

"I'm fine, my lover man, she answered while her eyes roamed down to his now prominent erection. "But I think it's your turn, baby."

She kissed him, making her mouth as soft as possible, drawing the kiss out for an interminable time then breaking it off and whispering, "I have to suck your cock now, lover."

Tessa left the bed and pulled Danny by the arm until he was sitting in the bedroom armchair. Dropping to her knees, she worked her mouth across his uncovered abdomen, going lower and lower until reaching the zipper of his fly.

"Baby...."

"Shush," she cooed, "Let me do you."

Her hands were busy, unzipping him; removing his rock hard cock from its hiding place, and exposing the tumescent shaft to the dim light of their bedroom.

"Up," she commanded, as her hands went to his ass urging him to stand momentarily.

When Danny stood, Tessa ripped the slacks down to his knees and Danny fell back into the chair with a soft thud. Tessa continued pulling his pants off, freeing one leg at a time. Socks and shoes quickly followed.

Tessa turned around so Danny could see her ass, and then slowly sat down on his legs. She let her wetness drip onto his legs and slid up until her ass cheeks squeezed his throbbing, pulsating member. She giggled lewdly and rubbed herself against it and Danny rocked against her in sheer lust. 

"Mmm, baby, yes ..." Tessa breathily, feeling the thick, hard dick rubbing against her backside. 

After a few seconds of that, she pushed herself up, and turned around to face him. 

"Baby, which hole do you...." he moaned when Tessa shushed him again.

"Please, I need you..." 

"Not yet." Tessa grinned salaciously, "Not just yet."

She took his cock in both hands and then cupped his balls with her left hand. 

"Oh, honey, your cock and balls are so beautiful. You have no idea how much I love them."

She started to jerk him off.

He grunted as she squeezed and released, squeezed and released. His movement became harder and faster, and Tessa pulled her hand away.

"Nooo, please, baby, NO!" he moaned, out of sheer want. 

"Please be patient with me while I tease you. It will be worthwhile, I promise."

Tessa moved closer, straddled his lap, but didn't sit down. She let her breasts rub his face, and he nuzzled against them. Danny could easily have impaled her on his cock, but he remembered her words, "Be patient, while I tease you."

She rubbed a finger over one of his nipples and said, "Oh, I love watching writhing in agony like this, it makes me sooo wet." 

Tessa reached between her legs and spread the lips of her pussy then after jabbing herself three or four times, removed it and lightly rubbed it over her clit.

Tessa's eyes glazed over with lust. With a somewhat jerky movement, she humped herself upward bring his cock into contact with her pussy.

The couple moaned in tandem.

"Let's see if I can get this to work," she moaned in his ear and began to grind her pelvis into his. Almost magically Danny's cock found its way inside her.

"You're in!" she chortled. "You're in me!"

"God, you're big tonight, Danny. Shit... you're so fucking big. Work it in there, baby! Oh, yeah... fill me baby... fill me!"

As they began to rock back and forth Danny groaned, "Fuck yeah! I Iove you, I love my tight twatted Tessa, oh yeah!"

Almost euphoric, Tessa began kegeling him, causing him to moan even louder as they rocked faster and faster. She rubbed her hands through his hair and he hefted a breast to his mouth and gave suck. Tessa's hands went to his cheeks then to his chest, tweaking his nipples in return.

Danny shifted in the chair, providing a different angle for his cock to plow back and forth within his wife. Their movements, confined as they were, became frenzied.

Danny's muscles tightened. The sweet tip of her orgasm reached Tessa's nervous system and she groaned happily.

"Coming baby... I'm comin'" Danny shouted.

"Me too, lover!" Tessa cried out exaltedly. "Me too!"

Danny threw his head back and yelled, "Tesssaaaaa!" and emptied himself into her. A moment later, the sharp dagger of Tessa's orgasm split through her body. It started at her clit and spread out through her legs and abdomen. Alarms went off in her brain and nipples at the same time as ecstasy overwhelmed her.

*****

An hour later they lay side by side in their bed, having had another unforgettable round of sex. 

"Danny?"

"Yeah, baby?"

"I... I have to tell you something."

"What is it, sweetheart?"

"This swapping stuff...."

"What about it?"

"I can't do it. I just can't. I've tried... but it... it just isn't me."

"I had no idea you felt that way, Tess."

"It was okay at first. I mean, with Vince and Margie. That was great. I'd still do that if you want. But partying like that at the Armstrong's..."

She couldn't go on and began to sob.

Danny held her, trying to contort her and after a while it seemed to help.

Tessa forced herself to continue.

"I know... I know that just having sex with me becomes ... I should say might become mundane after a while."

"No, baby," Danny protested, "Sex with you has always been terrific. Look at tonight...."

"Tonight was different. I was terrified that I was going to lose you. Somehow it heightened my arousal. You must have felt that way too. We were like teenagers in heat.

"I won't argue that," Danny agreed.

"But it's hardly ever like that," Tessa said and began sobbing again. "Except... except like when we're with other people.

Otherwise it's pretty much a low priority what with household stuff and getting Win to bed. I mean, we work hard during the day and there's only a little energy left for sex. I know the occasional business trips get us going when you return home, but that's... that's just icing on the cake."

"Tessa...." Danny said and stopped.

"Oh, Danny! I love you so much!"

They embraced as Danny responded, "I love you too, Tessa. I truly do."

"I... I had to tell you how I felt. That guy at the party revolted me so much I ran to the bathroom and threw up. I didn't want him touching me. I couldn't have stood it."

"Was it just him or was it all of them?"

"Danny, I honestly don't know. I can't say I didn't like it last week when you and Noah had at me while I was in the swing. But I feel that somehow we're losing control. Do you know what I mean?"

"I think so. Having sex with Vince and Margie is fun. Doing it was a kind of spontaneous thing. We're close friends and understand each other. It's not like you're going to fall in love with Vince or me with Margie. And it does spice up our love life.

"Danny, would it be all right if we didn't go back to their parties? I mean, we could still get together with Vince and Margie... but maybe not as often as we've been doing?"

"It's okay with me, Tessa," he replied. "It would be sort of like abstinence makes the heart grow fonder."

Tessa laughed. "That's not the right phrasing for that expression."

"Yes it is. It's my expression, not someone else's.

"I just want us to want each other the way we did when we first started making love," she said softly.

"I'd like that too,' Danny whispered in her ear.

"I love you so much!" Tessa was crying again. Maybe it was relief at being unburdened. Maybe it was love. "Promise me we'll never do anything like that again."

"Just with Margie and Vince, sweetheart, I promise."

*****

Back at the Lambert's

Everyone had showered and they were sitting out on the Lambert's spacious deck, sharing another bottle of excellent wine.

"Tell me Vince," Carol said mischievously, "have you ever...."

"Have I ever what?"

Carol laughed and waved a hand, suggesting it was nothing important.
