 Three weeks may not seem like a long time, but it is an eternity when you've been dumped. In hindsight, it was a blessing. At the time, it was devastating. My fiancée was a good person. Witty, good-looking and had a line of clothing stores he founded so there were no financial stresses. Maybe things were too good. He'd recently taken up photography, and it was fun for the both of us.

As his skills increased, he convinced me to be the subject of his photo shoots. They started indoors, but ended up being mostly outside and with my clothing slowly disappearing. Wine was his secret "motivational" tool as I considered myself a shy conservative girl. After a glass or two, he convinced me to pose topless in our bedroom. A few weeks later, and I allowed him to capture me for the first time without any clothes on. It was a turn-on. The next night, we went to a friend's party and both came home with a healthy buzz.

Inside, we made frantic love, and afterwards he pushed me to use my favorite toy on myself. I didn't object. With one hand, I held my petals open, while with the other I caused the tip of my vibrator to play tag with my clit. Orgasms poured out and rocked me such that I didn't notice Rick had pulled out his lens and was capturing my play. When I saw Rick snapping away, I pressed my legs closed, and asked him to quit.

"Baby, it's beautiful. Your face is so shiny, crimson cheeks and glowing. And your pussy looks amazing. It is so wet and swollen it appears to be almost begging for attention," Rick softly advised me in his deep voice. "Come on honey. Show the camera Tiffany's pussy. Show it how you make it feel good." Slowly, my legs parted and it wasn't long until the camera's flash and constant snap brought out an inner vixen hidden within me.

After a bit, my legs were spread wide, and I was following Rick's suggestions. Fingers were pushed up deep into me, withdrawn and cleaned in my mouth. I'd never done this before. It made me feel dirty, but so so horny. I even let Rick photograph me using a dildo on myself. With each set, I seemed to cum harder and knew that a few times he had switched from photo to video mode. I was fine with it, and completely trusted him.

The next day we reviewed the pictures on a large computer screen and I had to admit they were good. Some of the snaps were so close, you could see the inner pink of my pussy and they showed just how wet I was. Other pictures were of my face when I was cumming, my tits and whole body photos. Rick seemed to have a skill, and was using it to pull an unknown sexuality out of me. But I was nervous about the photos so Rick promised to send them to my private e-mail account, and delete the images.

The next weekend, we met friends at the beach. While the ladies tanned, the guys played in the water and mixed drinks for the females. We arrived late, so stayed until everyone else had departed. When the sun started to set, Rick told me how sunset and sun rise light really were ideal for photographers, then asked if I wanted to go for a quick walk. I suspected he wanted to take some pictures of me in the water, but purposefully didn't say a word. Two hundred yards up the beach, a rocky cliff jetted out almost to the water's edge and here Rick pulled out his camera.

"Tiffany, you mind if I take some shots of you in the water? I want to capture you wetting your hair, and how your bikini clings to you when its wet."

"There are people on the beach and in the water," I replied nervously.

"Lots of people, so you'll blend right in. I'll zoom in on you, so you can go some ways out, but I want you to flash me one of your nipples after you pose in the wet suit," Rick told me.

"Seriously! People will see," I protested.

"It's not like tops don't accidentally pop off all the time, and if you're out a bit I really don't think people will notice," Rick answered.

"We'll see," I replied back, then headed out into the water. About 30 yards out, the water was up to my thighs and I started to pose. Either I was too far out, or people just didn't seem to really care as everyone seemed to ignore me.

Usually, when I walked up a beach in my bikini I caused a few heads to turn. My long blonde hair, dark heavy eyebrows and light blue eyes appeal to many, but I also kept in shape by running regularly. My breasts are small, a solid B cup, however, both sexes often get caught staring at my rear. It is firm and a bit on the bubble side. My legs are thin, but muscular. Despite my cute looks, as I began to pose it seemed like I was almost invisible.

I ducked under the water, popped up and flung my hair back in an arc. Yep, copied and repeated by many models. I pranced around a bit in the water, jetting my butt out, and just trying to look seductive. Lastly, I looked around, didn't see anyone in front of me so quickly pulled my padded top down to flash Rick. Just as I was doing so, a guy on a paddle board zipped in front of me and caught an eyeful. I turned beat red, and dove under the water. When I popped up, he was off, and the event left me a bit excited. While my breasts are on the small side, my nipples are not and they were coiled up hard.

As I walked out of the water, Rick was jokingly laughing. "That was great. Wish I would have caught your expression when the guy on the board came by. Let's hurry, before we lose more light. I want to get some pictures over by the cliff, in one of the crags as the sun is shining right into it." Rick grabbed my hand and led me up to the cliff's indentation which was about 50 yards from the shoreline.

The rocky cliffs rose up about twenty feet and formed a deep V which blocked the view from most of the beach. The floor was full of soft white sand, and right now it was brightly light up by the setting sun. "Take your top off, and press your wet tits into the sand. It'll look like a cool sand bra."

I momentarily thought about it, and decided why not. The drinks we'd had earlier made all these choices seem easy, as I really didn't think about what could go wrong. So, I tossed off my bikini top, and pressed my nipples and breasts into the sand as Rick continued to snap away. After a few poses of my sandy nipples, he waived me over and used his water bottle to wash away the sand. I was now topless on a public beach.

He guided me to one of the cliff edges, where he had me raise my arms, pull on my nipples and stick my ass out. As I was doing the later, he told me to pull by bikini bottoms up into my crack so more of my butt was exposed. I did so, and it was fun. The sun was just on the horizon, so I knew we'd be finished soon. It's location also meant I really couldn't see much. All throughout the pictures, Rick kept telling me how sexy and hot I looked. His words served as further encouragement for our shenanigans.

When Rick asked me to bend over, pull my bikini aside and show off my pussy I didn't hesitate. I was bathed in beautiful sunshine, and in my mind it was similar to another bedroom photo session. After a couple of pictures, he had me stand up, turn around and play with myself. I leaned back against the cliff, and did so automatically. My only thought was that I should have brought my vibrator along, and how horny I was getting.

"Untie your bottoms and let them drop," Rick instructed me. I did so with one hand and was now completely nude. The sun was blinding, so I closed my eyes and allowed my fingers to roam over my body. First, lightly teasing my nipples, then pulling on them more firmly. Again, I leaned back against the rock face as my hand drifted down towards my crotch. Gently, I started to rub my pussy.

"Make yourself cum babe. This is amazing," Rick pleaded.

I opened my mouth as my breathing increased, while my fingers scissored and kneaded the folds of my pussy. Lazily, I parted my lips, and delicately started to directly massage my clit. The level of my own moisture surprised me.

"Tiffany, use your fingers to fuck yourself." Rick didn't have to ask again as I plunged two digits deep into my vagina, and began to pump them in and out, while simultaneously rubbing my clit. "Cum in the sunset glow. Come on rub that little pussy of yours. Do it, you little dirty vixen," Rick almost sang out. He seemed to also be getting turned on by my display. I was almost ready to cum when Rick belted out, "Make that pussy cum. Think of how you'd feel right now if a stranger took his big cock, and just pushed it up into you and fucked you silly."

We'd never discussed sex with others, so his suggestion was unexpected, but it worked. I jabbed two fingers forcefully in and out of my pussy, while the fingers from my other hand forcefully rubbed my clit. Less than twenty seconds later, a huge orgasm ripped through my body. It left me breathless and it took a bit for me to recover. When I gradually opened my eyes I couldn't believe it. Just feet away, stood Rick along with a group of three guys and one girl. All of their eyes, were glued to my naked body and two of them were recording my show with their phones.

"What the fuck Rick?" I yelled out as I hurriedly reapplied my swimsuit. A few seconds later, I was bolting down the beach towards our vehicle. Rick's response was to let out a silly laugh, and followed me to the vehicle. We both climbed in, with him driving, and we sat in silence. The silence didn't last long.

"That was bullshit. You are never taking pictures of me again," I shouted at him.

"Tiffany calm down girlfriend. You knew we were on a public beach and obviously, exhibitionism gets you off. Did you think all those people just disappeared?" Rick asked.

"No, but you should have said something," I replied.

"Like what? Your hot body is drawing a crowd in and I bet some of them want to fuck you?"

"No!"

"I bet you even thought a few people might be watching you. Think it made you hot. Am I right?"

"Maybe, but the sun was so bright I thought they wouldn't be able to see any details," I answered. He was right. When the guy in the water saw my exposed tits it sent a buzz through my body, and when I stripped naked my pussy had quickly moistened. I was not about to let Rick know this.

"The sun was on you, the show girl. It was like a spotlight. You knew that, and when I mentioned a stranger fucking you it was obvious to all that really got you excited. In fact, it made you cum damn quick and hard. Look at how hard your nipples are getting Tiffany. You're getting horny just thinking about your show. And that a stranger could have fucked you. Right?" Rather than waiting for an answer, Rick took his right hand, shoved it between my thighs and pulled my bikini to the side so my pussy was exposed.

"That's not true," I stammered out as I closed my thighs around his hand.

"Open your legs and show me your pussy," Rick ordered. Damn, damn this submissive streak in me. I turned my face towards his, and slowly parted my legs. Instantly, he fingers were all over my pussy, then tunneling inside it. "Shit Tiffany. You're soaked. God damn, I can't believe it. You want a few strange guys to fuck my little blonde spinner."

I didn't answer, and tried hard not to show that a few seconds later an small orgasm tip-toed its way across my body.

"Honey, we are going to have some fun tonight. I want to take some indoor pictures, but first we need to get you showered up and properly dressed."

"No, please Rick. Let's just go home. You can video me instead, and I'll let you have fun with my back door." Rick seemed to enjoy anal sex more than straight sex, and once I discovered this I tried to use it to my advantage.

"Ohhh, we can do that too, but this little surprise has got to be utilized. Yes my little Tiffany flower, tonight is the night of your blossoming." I had no idea what he was talking about, but we were headed home so I thought maybe I could distract him there.

When we got home, Rick raced to the kitchen, poured me a full glass of red wine and dashed upstairs. I sipped at the wine, lost my bikini in the laundry room and wandered upstairs to shower away the salt. Twenty minutes later, I emerged feeling refreshed and the effects of my glass of wine. On the bed, Rick had laid out a light tan sundress covered with small red roses, a sheer white thong and a pair of red high-heeled flip-flops. Rather than dressing, I sauntered up to him, wrapped my arms around him and pestered him for a kiss. When it was delivered, I ground my mound into his, and feathered my tongue into his mouth.

His response was quick, "Not yet. So, I take it your pussy is hungry?" I was surprised by his vulgarity, but won't deny it sent a quiver through my loins. "Get dressed. There's this old funky dive bar that serves up fresh and barbequed oysters early on the weekends. It has great light and shadows. I want to get there before it gets packed and get some naughty pictures. I'm going to grab some more gear, you get dressed and bring a vibrator."

I was speechless and for one of the first times ever, my attempts at seducing a man had failed and failed fast. Slowly, I dressed, hesitant about our evening, yet also a touch excited. I just wished I knew what specifically Rick had in mind. I grabbed a small toy from our collection and headed downstairs.

"You look hot babe. Do me a favor. Bend over at the waist and look me in the eyes while you do so." I complied, and midway through realized he had an unobstructed view of my tits as my sundress was a bit baggy and the spaghetti straps didn't do much to hold it to my chest. I wanted to present a cold façade to his little game. Unfortunately, my nipples didn't comply.

"You plan on taking some pictures of me inadvertently exposing my nipples?" I asked.

"Maybe," Rick countered. "Let's go. I want to avoid the crowds." We scooted out the door and hit the highway. The forty minute drive was almost uneventful, except Rick kept bringing up the beach scene and teasing my pussy with his fingers. I was feeling pretty hot when we pulled up to a bar that resembled an old Victorian house more than a pub. On the porch, were several BBQ grills, each loaded with oysters. The smell was amazing and caused my stomach to rumble. We continued past these and entered the premises.

Right away I got why Rick want to snap some pics here. The place was full of small rooms, and bright lights, but the lights were pointed at different angles to yield some unique shadows. We sat at the bar and Rick ordered us a dozen fresh oysters and a bottle of bubbles. When they arrived, we moved upstairs into a small side room. Except for us it was empty, but in one corner sat a baby grand piano and opposite from it an old wooden bar. Rick pushed three oysters my way and told me to knock them back so I did. This was followed up with a flute of bubbles, and when emptied my glass was refilled.

"Ready to put a show on for the camera?" Rick asked when my second glass was half empty.

"I suppose. Do you want me to lean over so you can take pictures of my breasts?" 

"No. Go sit on the piano bench. Lean back against the keys, kick up your skirt and play with your pussy. I want to capture a piano girl that needs a fucking with my lens. Think you can do it?" Before I could answer, Rick pulled me towards him and kissed me warmly. When our kiss broke, he slowly slid his hand up my thigh and onto my crotch. Teasingly slow, he started to rub my pussy through my panties. "When I'm taking the pictures, I want you to think of a stranger fucking you on the beach." As these words pierced through to my brain, he pulled the thong aside to shove a finger up into me.

"Ok," I simply replied, but inside my brain was screaming "fuck." How could he know how horny the notion made me, but how much it also disturbed me? Sex was for lovers and spouses. Not a communal event, and especially not something one randomly engaged in with strangers. But instead of protesting, I walked over to the bench, sat down and pulled my dress up to my hips. "What is someone walks up here?" I asked innocently before playing with myself.

"We'd hear them. Remember how squeaky the stairs were?" Rick asked. He was right. Each step resulted in the wood squealing as if it was protesting fiercely at supporting one's weight. I placed my hand down between my outspread thighs and used one finger to daintily tease my sex. As I did so, I stared hungrily at Rick. To myself I was thinking that maybe if he thinks I really want to fuck a stranger it will scare him, and this little game will end. While Rick clicked away, my fingers grew bold, pushed aside my thong and started to play with my pussy. I could feel my release building, and knew an orgasm was imminent.

"Ok, I think we have enough piano pussy play photos. Climb up on the little bar top here. I want you to pull one of your straps down, bend your knees and spread apart your lips with your fingers. We'll get some great black and white photos."

"Do you want me to use the vibrator?" I volunteered hoping this would allow for me to enjoy an orgasm.

"Not yet. I'm going for a classic, yet raunchy look." So, I shifted from the piano and up onto the bar top. Obediently, I sat on the top, spread my legs and started to play with myself after exposing my left breast. It felt marvelous. "Are you horny babe?"

"Yes. You're going to have to fuck me soon," I answered.

"Ok. Now stop moving your fingers, and just spread your pussy lips really wide. I want to capture the essence of your pussy's pinkness." I complied, thinking I'd soon be feeling soothing vibrations on my pussy. "Now with your other hand, really pull hard on your nipple." That fucker, he knew that when I got hot I loved having my nipples pinched hard. As I sat there, I could feel my wetness leak from my pussy onto the bar top. In the middle of these poses, the bar turned on the music and it was loud. Rick was now having to pop over and scream into my ear to give my directions.

We took a few pictures of me leaning over the bar with my ass exposed, and some with my pinky just piercing my bum. When these were complete, he captured some close-ups of his fingers jammed far up into me. There is something about the touch of another person on their pussy that really lights the fires, and this wasn't any exception. I was desperately in need of relief. "Rick, hand me the vibrator. I have to cum," I shouted out loudly over the music.

"I will. Just stay put, and think of all those people you'd like to have playing with your pussy," he added.

"Asshole, just get me my toy," I responded as I stroked two and then three fingers in and out of my gap. I next felt my toy's buzzing head against my inner thigh, and a second later on the crack of my rear. "Put it on my clit, please!" I pleaded.

"Tell me this first," Rick loudly exclaimed in my ear. "Does the thought of a stranger fucking you make so wet?"

I knew what he wanted, but also knew what I'd been thinking off all afternoon. "Maybe." After my answer, he swiftly placed the buzzing head on my clit and just as quickly pulled it away. "Yes. I admit it turns me on, but it's just a fantasy."

"One you're thinking about right now?" he inquired as he returned the vibrating head to the area around my little bald guy.

"Ok, yesss!" I hollered out.

"You'd like to feel a strange cock gliding into your little pussy, and then hammering it until you came?"

"Ohhh god. Don't stop," was all I could answer. I was hoping the contact would be enough to drop me over the edge, because I needed relief, but inside I pictured myself getting fucked at the beach while Rick captured my fantasy on film. The little blonde athletic girl getting all the dick she ever dreamed of and these thoughts were about ready to push me far past the edge.

"Maybe a random couple would accidentally walk into our photo shoot. The guy so turned on he had to take you on the spot, while his partner would also be seduced by your hunger for sex. Would you like, would you like to have such a guy fuck you while his girlfriend sucked on your clit?"
