 When Dan finished cleaning up in the bathroom, I ran in to clean myself up.  

“Better check on Laurie, see how she’s doing” Rick stated. He walked down the hallway towards the stairs just wearing his briefs.

Oh God, I’d completely forgotten about her, Michael and Darren downstairs on the couch. I didn’t hear any screams of protests so I figured she was OK. I retrieved my panties from the corner of the kingsize bed and slipped them on. I didn’t bother putting my jumpsuit back on.

Rick was standing in the doorway to one of the bedrooms near the stairs leaning against the doorframe. He was intently watching something going on inside the room. I walked up to him and peered in. My mouth opened in awe at what I was seeing.

Laurie was on the bed, positioned on all fours sucking on Darren’s cock. Michael was kneeling behind her, his hands on her slim hips stroking his hard cock in and out of her doggie-style. Michael smiled when he noticed us watching the three of them.

“Laurie really likes cock, doesn’t she” He smarted off. “She got one tight ass pussy”

Dan passed Rick and I, glanced in and went on down the stairs. He was fully dressed. He seemed in a hurry for something. Laurie was giving Darren’s cock a sucking like he’d probably never experienced. She’d bob her head up and down on it then pull it out of her mouth and run her tongue up and down the shaft, swirling it around the large mushroom shaped head. She never stopped working Darren’s cock when Michael increased his tempo fucking into her from behind. The smacking sounds of his hips against her ass as he fucked his cock into her filled the room. 

Laurie rapidly stroked Darren’s cock, his body shook and his mouth gaped open. Laurie looked over at Rick and I standing in the doorway. She smiled at us never stopping her stroking of the hard cock in her hand. Michael continued pounding his cock into pussy. Laurie put her mouth over the head of Darren’s cock. He jumped as he shot his hot cum into her mouth. Laurie worked her throat muscles swallowing it down in three gulps. Darren collapsed on the bed, Laurie licking the cum running down his cock onto her fingers. She licked his shrinking cock clean. 

“She’s quite a cock sucker, isn’t she” Rick stated.

I nodded, still astonished that she’d been so uninhibited being watched. Michael slowed his fucking motions as he neared his orgasm. Laurie arched her back fucking her ass back towards him. Michael exploded his load into her soaked pussy, his legs muscles tightening, his head thrown back in ecstasy.

“Yeaaaaaaaaah” He shouted.

Laurie leaned forward allowing his still rigid cock to slide out of her. She lay on top of Darren who was just beginning to get his breath back. Laurie was also out of breath; I could see her gasping to get her breath. She was totally spent. Michael collapsed beside the two. He sat on the bed, weakened from all the fucking.

Rick and I left the threesome on the bed to regain their strength. The two of us walked down to the kitchen and grabbed a cold soft drink. We went back into the livingroom and sat on the couch. Rick turned on the TV and we started watching some late night movie. Michael, Darren and Laurie came downstairs a short time later. Laurie hadn’t bothered to put on anything; she loved to run around naked. Michael and Darren had put on their boxers; guess they were a little more self-conscious. The two of them appeared to be still trying to regain their composure. Laurie lit up a cigarette and sat on Darren’s lap, he put his arms around her and gave her a long soft kiss, more affectionate than passionate.

“Whatcha been up to?” Laurie smiling inquired. “Looks like someone besides me got screwed!”

All of us laughed when she said it. The movie we were watching was one of those with a lot of nudity and simulated sex. One scene had two women making love while one of the girl’s husband watched. Darren said he thought two women going at it was so hot, Michael and Richard quickly agreed.

Michael asked me if I’d ever been in bed with another girl. The guys were waiting for me to answer the question.

“No, never have. Just never had the occasion.” I answered.

“Would you go down on Laurie if you had the chance?” Darren asked.

I hesitated to answer the question. I looked at Laurie, smiled and said I would but only if she wanted me to. I wasn’t really into it. I could tell Laurie was reading my lips.

“I’d like to eat your pussy if you’d let me.” she said. “I’d love to finger fuck you too. I think I could give you a screaming orgasm you‘d never forget.” 

She was looking right at me. I blushed at her remarks. The guy’s eyes widened when she made the statement. At first, I thought the effects of all the alcohol were still affecting her thinking. She’d never let on to me that she had any sexual attraction towards me.

“Let’s see it happen then!” Rick said. “We get to see it though. No closed door stuff”

I took a long sip of my soft drink, trying to bide some time to work up the courage. Everyone was staring at me, seeing if I was going to agree to Laurie’s wish. I put out my cigarette in the ashtray.

“OK, but only if everyone agrees, no hooping and hollering. And no smart remarks.” I said.

The guys nodded their heads in agreement. They said they’d just watch and not say a word.

Rick and I got up off the couch. We all walked toward the stairs to the upstairs bedroom. Rick led the way, Darren was right behind me. He slipped his hand underneath my panties as I climbed the stairs. We walked down to the large bedroom, the windows still wide open. The chilled air stimulated our nipples to erection. Michael and Rick pulled the damp sheet off the bed and tossed it on the floor. Darren got another sheet from the closet and spread it out on the bed. I stood there looking at Laurie.


“Get on the bed” she commanded.

I started to slip my panties off but Laurie motioned for me to leave them on. The guys sat around the edge of the bed. No one saying a word. I climbed up on the bed and stretched out on my back. Laurie smiling as she got on the bed with me. She lay on her side and put her hand to my chin. Pulling my face in her direction, she kissed me softly. My fingers slightly gripping the fresh sheet as she worked her lips on mine. I released my grip on the sheets and put my arms around her. Laurie worked her tongue between my lips and into my mouth. She began flicking it in and out rapidly. I moaned as her tongue stimulated my senses. I forgot about the three guys watching us. Laurie swabbed my mouth with her tongue and I returned her favors. Laurie’s hand drifted down towards my firm breasts, my nipples still erect from the cool night air. She tweaked each one between her fingers. I gasped as I felt myself letting her take control of me. She smiled at me and then cupped one of my breasts, sucking the nipple between her teeth. She teased it, sucked on it all the while massaging. She did one breast then the other. My eyes rolled back as I lost control of myself. 

Laurie worked my breasts over then slid her hand down to my panties. My back arching as her hand brushed across my pubic area. I was moaning as her hand slipped between my legs and traced the outline of my pussy. She ran her finger up and down my slit. My pussy was getting hotter and wetter with each stroke of her finger. I brought my legs up, raising my hips up from the bed. Laurie pushed me back down. Through my partially opened eyes I could see her smiling at me as she continued fingering me. I was thoroughly enjoying her manipulations.

I raised my hips while Laurie slid my panties off. She tossed them to one of the guys, not sure which one, not really caring either.

“Heather, spread you legs for me” she said.

I did as she instructed, spreading my legs apart letting her see my pussy up close. She kneeled between my legs lifting them up slightly. I closed my eyes, cringing just a little. I felt Laurie’s breath on the folds of my pussy blowing gently back and forth. My toes curled as she began licking up one side and down the other teasing my pussy. My hips bucked slightly, Laurie tightened her grasps on my legs. She kissed me on both sides of my pussy, first one side then the other, high and low. My fingers were starting to ache from gripping the sheets so tight. I tried to let myself relax but every time Laurie would put her lips on me I’d tense back up. Laurie pressed her tongue into my slit running it down and then back up to my sensitive clit. When she sucked on my clit with her lips I screamed.

“Ahhhhhhhhh………..Ahhhhhhhh,” 

My eyes pressed tightly shut, Laurie kept sucking and nibbling at me with her lips. She had increased her grip on my legs, her mouth pressed tightly to me. She flicked her tongue frantically all over my pussy. She was darting in and out of me and then sucking on the lips of my pussy, driving me crazy.

“Eeeeeeeeeee……..Ohhhhhhhh” I screamed. My chest heaving, trying to catch a breath.

I can’t count how many times I came, just remember one orgasm following another. Laurie’s mouth finally released itself from me. I opened my eyes slightly, just enough to see her wipe her mouth with the back of her hand. She was smiling, her tongue swiping across her sparkling white teeth. She motioned for me to roll over on my stomach. My legs were so weak I could barely get them to move. My leg muscles were still tight from curling my toes every time I orgasmed, they were aching.

“Toss me a pillow,” she ordered.

Darren tossed a pillow to Laurie, it landed on my back. 

“Lift up,” She commanded.

I lifted my hips up; Laurie slid the large pillow under me. She spread my legs wide I could feel my juices trickling out onto the pillowcase. Laurie lay across me, her right hand sliding down between my legs. I felt her push one then two fingers inside me. She was stroking me slowly and in little circular motions. I wiggled my butt a little to increase the sensations I was beginning to feel. Laurie increased the tempo of her finger fucking, almost to the point where I was cringing. She slowed the pace when she noticed it was causing me some discomfort. She stopped stroking her fingers in and out of me, proceeding to massage the lips of my pussy.

“Rick, why don’t you fuck Heather doggie-style for me?” She questioned.

I watched Rick remove his briefs, his cock springing out. He grabbed a condom and put it on. Laurie was still massaging my pussy when he climbed on the bed behind me. He lifted my hips, moving my legs up underneath me. Laurie’s grabbed his huge cock, rubbing the head up and down my pussy, lubricating it. Rick’s hands at my hips, he slowly slipped the head of his cock in. I felt the wide shaft start its penetration into me. My pussy was so wet he had no problem plunging it to its full length. He slowly began his rhythm, long full strokes. His huge cock felt so damn good. I was in sexual heaven. Laurie was kneeling at my side, one hand cupping and massaging my breasts. She slid on finger down the crack of my butt teasing my anus. I jumped when she teased it. I’m very sensitive there and Laurie sensed it. Rick still fucking me had increased his tempo. His pelvis was slamming into my ass, making smacking sounds. Laurie pushed her middle finger up my ass. She started stroking my asshole slowly. My anal muscles tightened on her finger. She was gentle, not rough like she’d been with my pussy. Rick was slamming into me with terrific force. I could hear him making loud gruntle sounds trying to hold on as long as he could. He took one long deep stroke into me shooting his hot load. I heard scream as he shot another load. Laurie withdrew her finger from my asshole. I collapsed on the bed, the pillow still under my hips. I just lay there, breathing hard and deep, totally spent. I had no strength.

Laurie ran to the bathroom, soon returning with a warm washcloth and towel. She washed my pussy gently, knowing I was sore as hell down there. She washed my butt and the back of my legs. Laurie washed the perspiration off my back, toweling me dry. The cool night air felt good, bringing my body temperature down. My legs were still spread wide open, my pussy gaped open.

During the whole time this unforgettable sexual experience had gone on, the three guys had not uttered a word. There was still dead silence in the room. Darren covered me with a light blanket as I drifted off to sleep. My eyes were almost tearing. I had just had a most incredible sexual experience.   

I slept almost six hours before waking. I finally managed to get up off the bed, find my panties and jumpsuit and slip them on. My shoes were still in the corner. I almost toppled over putting them on, still slightly dizzy from all the sex.

Laurie, Rick, Darren and Michael were sitting around the kitchen table. Michael jumped up and poured me a cup of coffee. One of the guys had run down to the local convenience store for donuts but I couldn’t eat a thing. I just wanted a cigarette to go along with the coffee, nothing else. 

“You OK”, Laurie asked.

I shook my head yes and drank my coffee. Nobody said much, just small talk mostly. Laurie and I finally decided it was time to leave. We kissed the guys, thanked them for a great evening and walked out towards my pick-up truck. 

The drive back towards Fort Worth was quiet. Laurie finally broke the silence.

“How’s your ass?” She laughingly asked.