 Liz has been my assistant for a little over a year. We keep our relationship professional. She is very attractive. She is a woman with a very classy style. To me, she is the unapproachable type. She was so attractive she made you nervous to approach her. She has long blonde hair and a great body. She is in her thirties. Her body is very tone. She has large breast which I believe might be fake. Even though she has a great body, she dresses on the conservative side. Her skirts always come down to her knees. Her heels are always stylish. She is married, but doesn't talk much about her personal life. 

Liz has a friend who occasionally comes by to visit her, and they go to lunch. Her friends name is Caroline. Like Liz, Caroline is a very attractive woman. She is a hot blonde in her thirties. I do not know much about Caroline except every guy in our office building stops to watch her as she walks through the halls of our building. Also like Liz, Caroline dresses stylish, but very business sexy. 

"Jason, can I get off work a little early today?" Liz asked. 

"Sure. It's Friday, why not." I said smiling to Liz. 

"Thank you. My friend wants a girls night out." Liz told me. 

"Okay, that sounds fun. You have anything exciting planned for your girls night out?" I asked. 

"I'm not sure yet, but with my friend, we seem to always find something fun to do." Liz said. 

"So it is a girls night? Leaving your husband at home with your son?" I asked.

"Yes, my friend and I always try to plan a girls night at least once a month if we can. Sometimes you just need a break to go have some fun." Liz said. 

Liz left my office and it was then that I noticed her skirt was shorter than what she normally wore. She had been sitting at her desk all day and I had not seen her. I became very intrigued about her girls night out.

Later that morning I saw Liz walk into the break room. I jumped up from my desk and follow. I walked into the break room to see Liz bending over at the refrigerator. Her skirt was shorter. It was actually very short with her bending over. She was also wearing a sexy pair of black heels with an ankle strap. I paused to look at her. My heart started racing. I never really looked at her that way before. She is attractive but always so classy and professional. It was amazing how much a few inches shorter on a skirt could get me turned on. 

I hurried back to my office. I couldn't believe it, but I was hard after seeing her. I couldn't concentrate on anything but how much I wanted to see more of her. I wanted to see what was under her skirt. I wanted fuck her. 

That afternoon I called her in my office multiple times just to get another look at her. I still couldn't believe what a difference a few inches made on a skirt. I found reasons to call her in my office and watch her sit down. I couldn't help but stare at her legs and thighs as her skirt went up considerably when she sat down. I even noticed her heels seemed an inch higher than normal. That afternoon I was raging inside on how turned on I was to her. 

"Jason, my friend Caroline is here. I'd like to introduce her to you." Liz said as her friend stood next to her. I had seen Caroline before. Every guy in our office knew exactly who she was. Even though I had never been introduced to her, I felt like I knew her because of all the times spent watching her walk down the hallway after picking up Liz for lunch. Caroline was dressed very similar with a short black skirt and sexy heels. 

"Hi, nice to meet you." I said extending my hand to shake Caroline's.

"Nice to meet you too." Caroline said. 

"It sounds like you two have a fun night planned?" I asked. 

"Yes, I think it's going to be a good night." Caroline said. 

"Do you work around here?" I asked Caroline. 

"Yes, I work down the street at a law firm. I just got off work myself." Caroline said. 

"Well, I hope you two have fun." I told them both. 

"What do you have planned tonight?" Caroline asked. 

"Me?" I confirmed as it took me off guard that she asked. "Not much. Probably just a boring night." I told her. 

"Why don't you came out with us?" Caroline said. Liz started giving Caroline a look for her to stop and not to ask. 

"I don't know." I said looking at Liz and then back to Caroline. 

"Why not? You don't have anything else to do? Do you think it would be boring to go out for a night with two married women?" Caroline asked. 

"Are you sure you want me tagging along with you two?" I asked looking at Liz to make sure she was okay with it. 

"Yes, we want you to come along." Liz said, but only after Caroline kept encouraging her to tell me it was okay. 

"Okay, let's do it." I said. 

"Good, let's go. Jason, you are driving." Caroline said. 

We all walked down to my car. I had the feeling that the two girls really just wanted me as a designated driver. But they were so attractive, I didn't care. 

We drove to a bar down the street and had a few drinks. The conversation went well. I enjoyed talking with them. They were not drunk, but they were really starting to loosen up some. 

"Are you two ready for an adventure?" Caroline asked.

"Adventure? What are you talking about?" Liz asked Caroline. 

"Well, we need to find a bachelor party!" Caroline stated.

"Oh no. We are not doing that." Liz said. 

I sat confused as the two women discussed trying to find a bachelor party. Liz seemed to know what Caroline was talking about, but I was lost. I sat quiet letting them talk. 

"So Jason, Caroline's boyfriend is going to a bachelor party tonight. She wants us to spy on him and see what he is up to." Liz told me. 

"He is more than just a boyfriend." Caroline quickly said. 

"Okay, we will call him your hubby then." Liz said back to her. "Jason, do you want to join us checking up on him?" 

"Sure, I'm game." I answered. 

We drove a few blocks over to a large hotel that typically hosted parties and events. They had multiple penthouse type suites on the top floor. Caroline was certain he was there. 

We got off the elevator at the top floor. We walked down the hall listening for music or something to try to find a room that was hosting the bachelor party. To me, it sounded like every room had music. I thought to myself that it was very possible the hotel was hosting multiple bachelor parties. 

"Hey, are you snooping around?" Came from a voice behind us. 

"No, we are looking for someone." Caroline said immediately after she turned around. 

"Are you looking for the bachelor party?" The guy asked. 

"Actually, yes we are." Caroline answered. 

"Great, did we get two strippers?" The guy asked. 

"No!" Liz immediately said. 

"Liz!" Caroline said giving her a glare. "Well, I'm sorry. What she means is, I'm the stripper, and she is just here with me." 

"Okay, that works for me. You got here early. But I'm sure we are all good with that. I'm Paul. Let me walk you to the room." Paul said.

"How many guys are at the party?" Caroline asked. 

"Not many, maybe ten." Paul answered. 

"I need to use the restroom to get ready if you are okay with that?" Caroline said. 

"Sure, just use the larger one off the main bedroom. It's the door on the right." Paul told us as we walked into the hotel room and immediately took a right into main bedroom. 

"I'll be right out." Caroline told Paul as the three of us walked into the bedroom and closed the door behind us. 

"Caroline, what have you gotten us into?" Liz asked being upset. 

"It will be okay." Caroline told us. 

"Your hubby is out there and you are about to go strip for the room." Liz told her. "What were you thinking? We have done some wild things but not this wild." Liz said. 

"It's okay, you know he is fine with other men looking at my body. He understands it. Your husband is the same." Caroline said. 

"I don't always tell my husband the things I do." Liz said. "I just don't think he will be okay with this." 

"Okay, okay. Let's think. Jason, do you have any suggestions?" Caroline asked.

"Maybe we can turn the lights down, and they will not recognize you. Maybe that will work." I told her. 

"Maybe, if it's dark enough. Maybe it will be just dark enough that he will not be completely sure." Caroline said. 

"A mask would be perfect." I suggested. 

"I wish I had one. I actually have the perfect one at home. I wore it to a masquerade party last year. That was a wild night." Caroline said. 

"Yes it was." Liz said with a naughty smile. 

"Liz fucked a guy in front of her husband. He didn't know it was her because she was wearing a mask. He cheered it on watching." Caroline blurted out.

"Caroline, you realize you just told that to my boss." Liz said shaking her head. 

"It will be okay Liz. I'm sure your boss already knew you were a slut. And if he didn't, I'm sure he is happy to find that out." Caroline said. "Jason, are you okay with Liz being a slut?" 

"Well, I didn't know that before and yes, I'm okay with it." I told them both. 

"See Liz, that worked out. Now you can have more office sex!" Caroline told her. 

There was a knock at the door and it was Paul checking to see if Caroline was ready. I stalled for a minute or two trying to engage him in small talk. I told him to give us a few minutes. I asked that he turn on some music, turn down the lights, and put a chair in the front of the room. I told him to have the groom put a pillow case over his head, so he can't see the surprise and to have him sitting in the chair. Paul agreed. 

"Okay, I have an idea." I told them. 

"What's your idea? You just told them to have the groom put a pillow case over his head. What are you thinking? A pillow case.? We are the ones who need a mask, not the groom. And before you even ask, I'm not wearing a pillow case on my head!" Caroline said as both women looked at me wondering how we were going to get out of this spot. 

"I know, I know. I panicked. But my plan will still work. You just have to trust me. Caroline, stand up and let's go." I told her. "Liz, you too. You are a part of this as well." I told them and turned to walk to the door. 

I stepped out of the door and noticed the room was not very bright. The guys turned down the lights, and they had the music playing. I asked Paul if any of the guys wore ties tonight and if they did, I needed two. 

I waited by the door and after a minute or two Paul brought me back six ties. 

I used two of the ties to blindfold Caroline and Liz. I lead them into the room in front of the guys. They all started yelling and clapping. The groom sat in a chair near the front. He had a pillow case over his head. Liz and Caroline danced to the music. I used the ties to blindfold then. The ties also covered most of their faces. I was hoping it would provide a disguise. It seemed to work and the girls seemed comfortable. 

"Alright guys, we have a good show for you tonight. We have two lovely dancers here for your entertainment." I told them. 

There were about ten men in the room. I was surprised to see how comfortable Caroline and Liz were with being blindfolded and dancing in front of them. I was turned on watching them as well. The groom sat in the chair wobbling back and forth trying to keep his balance. 

I lead Caroline to the groom sitting in his chair. I told Caroline she was in front of the groom and to start putting on a show. The grooms hand went up to Caroline. As soon as he felt where she was, he was touching her all over. He was aggressive. He was groping her. He pulled Caroline onto his lap. Caroline kept trying to dance despite his aggression. The groom had her on his lap and his hands pulling on her skirt. He managed to lift Caroline's entire skirt up over her ass. She was wearing some black thigh highs and thong panties. It was dark and it wasn't easy to see all that was going on. I was close but even I struggled to see that well. 

I couldn't help but enjoy view of Caroline's skirt being pulled up. Her legs in thigh highs were very sexy. Despite being groped she kept her composure and was doing a good job of giving him a lap dance. Liz was left out in the middle of the room. Most of the men in the room watched Liz dance and tease by lifted her skirt. Liz, being blindfolded did a great job of moving to the music without falling. 

I saw Caroline struggling with how aggressive the groom was getting. It looked like she was trying to tell me something. I stepped closer to hear her better and noticed that the groom had her thong pulled to the side and was fingering her pussy. Caroline wasn't saying no, but she wasn't completely saying yes either. The groom was very aggressive. He also smelled of alcohol. I wasn't sure what I should do. I decided to watch a moment or two longer and see how it played out. 

The groom wobbled to the side again and almost feel out of the chair. Caroline got up from his lap and stood there for a moment with her skirt on her waist and her thong pulled to the side. I could see that Caroline had a shaved pussy. I was getting to the point where I almost couldn't take it anymore. I was so turned on by both Caroline and Liz. 

Caroline pulled her skirt down and leaned in to check on the groom. After a moment or two she stepped over to me. 

"He says he is sick and about to throw up." Caroline yelled in my ear.

"Okay, help me stand him up, so I can walk him to the bedroom." I told Caroline. 

Caroline helped me get him out of the chair and I helped him to the bedroom. Caroline stayed in the main room to continue dancing for the men. 

As soon as we got into the bedroom the groom passed out on the floor. I dragged him close to the bed and put a pillow under his head. 

I went back out to the party. Liz and Caroline were dancing together and making out. Liz was topless. The men were getting very excited. Paul saw me and asked where the groom was. 

"He is okay. He just needed a minute of fresh air." I told Paul. 

"Good, we need to make sure this is his night. I've told these guys that nobody is to fuck either of these girls until he has them first." Paul said. 

"Okay, that makes sense. It's his party." I told Paul. 

"You go get him and I'll go get one of these girls ready." Paul said. 

"Sure, I'll have him right out here." I told Paul. 

I walked back into the bedroom and the groom was out cold. I started to panic. I didn't want the party to stop. That would mean the lights would come on, and we would be busted. I immediately started undressing and putting on the grooms clothes. 

After changing into the grooms clothes, entered back into the main room and saw Paul standing next to the chair with Liz. Liz was topless and only had on black heels and a black skirt. Her skirt was barely covering her ass. I quickly pulled down the pillow case so no one would recognize me. The pillow case was very thin and almost see-through. I could see but not that great. 

"Are you okay?" Paul asked thinking I was the groom. 

I nodded that I was okay and sat down in the chair. 

"This one is hot!" Paul said pointing at Liz. "She was the first to go topless, so she will be the first to get fucked."

I again nodded my head in agreement. 

"You can probably take that pillow case off now. I'm not sure where that other guy went but the pillow case was his idea." Paul said. 

"It's okay." I said in a low voice trying not to blow my cover. I also shrugged my shoulders to indicate that I didn't care. 

"Okay, you can keep playing along if you want. If it were me, I'd take it off." Paul told me again. "You have a condom, right?" 

I nodded a yes in agreement. I didn't have a condom and hadn't even thought things that far out. Liz was directly in front of me, blindfolded and topless, and her skirt very short on her. I was jumping in with both feet and was going to have to figure things out on the fly. 

"You have fun buddy. Let me know when you are finished and ready for the next one." Paul said as he slapped me on the shoulder and walked off. 

I sat there trying to look through the pillow case and saw Liz heading my way. I was torn on whispering to Liz my identity or continuing on with my disguise. I knew everyone in the room was expected Liz and Caroline to fuck the groom. I didn't know how Liz and Caroline felt about going that far. They seemed okay with things so far, but maybe they were just playing along trying to find a way out. I also had to factor in Caroline's boyfriend. I didn't know what he looked like and didn't have a clue if he was there or not. I didn't know how long it would take for him to recognize Caroline either. I'm certain if that happened he would create a scene. I remembered what Caroline said earlier about Liz being a slut. Liz didn't put up the strongest of objections. Maybe it was true. Maybe they were both classy, sexy women in public, but sluts in private. 

"How's the groom doing tonight?" I heard Liz ask. 

"Good." I replied in a low voice. 

"Are you ready for a lap dance?" Liz asked. 

"Yes." I said. 

"Okay." Liz said as she untied her blindfold. "Sorry, I think we are supposed to leave these on, but I have to take mine off to see. We are over here off to the side anyways." 

"It's okay." I said hoping Liz wouldn't recognize my voice. 

Liz hooked her skirt with her thumbs and push it down to the ground. She wasn't wearing any panties. She stepped towards me and sat on my lap facing me. My hands immediately grabbed her ass. She put her arms around my neck and started dry humping me in the chair. 

I felt Liz kiss me on the neck but the pillow case was in the way. I wanted to take it off but couldn't risk it since Liz took off her blindfold. 

"Pull this off." Liz said pulling in the pillow case. 

"Okay." I told her lifting this pillow case off slowly. 

Liz was kissing my neck when the pillow case made it over my eyes. I didn't completely take it off though. I kept it resting on my head like a hat. 

"Look at your friend." I told Liz motioning for her to look across the room. 

"Oh fuck!" Liz gasped. 

Caroline was stripped down to just thigh highs and heels. The rest of her clothes were in the floor. Multiple guys were standing next to her either naked or with their cocks out masturbating to her. 

One guy got behind her and held her by her hips. He was hard and it looked like he was about to start fucking her. Another guy was in front of her. Caroline reached down and grabbed his cock with her hand. We couldn't tell if she was going to start giving hand jobs, or get on her knees and start sucking the guys off. 

The guy behind Caroline was aggressively trying to bend her over, so he could get a good enough angle to get his cock inside her. 

Liz sat on my lap with her back to me. We both watched as the guys moved in on Caroline. Just looking at the guys I knew they were about to start fucking Caroline in every hole available. 

Caroline lifted her blindfold and looked over at Liz and I. We made eye contact and I knew I was caught. 

Caroline grabbed Paul and said something to him, and he started to break up the guys circling around Caroline. I could hear Paul telling them to slow down and that they had all night to have fun. 

I pulled the pillow case back over my head as I saw Caroline walk over. 

"Is your hubby here?" Liz asked.

"No, I don't see him. I don't know any of these guys. I think we got the wrong party." Caroline said. 

"Fuck. Really? What are we going to do?" Liz asked. 

"Just keep playing along." Caroline said. "I'm pretty sure we are both going to have to fuck the groom before we can even think about leaving." 

"Where is Jason?" Liz asked. 

"I think he is in the bedroom." Caroline said. "Are you worried he is going to see how slutty you really are?" 

"No, I'm just making sure he is okay." Liz said looking around the room.
