 Thom slowly began to wake with a fog on the brain. The room was mostly dark with filtered light from the street lamp coming through the window, and he failed to remember how he had gotten home. He remembered the club, and a few of the women he met, but little else. As his mind drug him from the foggy depths of sleep, he felt oddly out of place in the room, and couldn't move his lower torso. There was pressure across his thighs, and a warm tingly feeling in his groin. Becoming more aware he realized three things. This was not his room, there was a body across his thighs, and a warm wet mouth around his quickly rising cock. He lay motionless as the tingling sensation coursing through him jerked his brain into the present. His mind raced through the scattered and disjointed images buried under a blanket of booze. He was grateful to whatever power he didn't suffer from the typical headache hangover.

There was the heavyset redhead who ground her hip into his crotch as they danced and held him so close he could hardly breath, but the body holding him down, and the fingers wrapped about the base of his hardening cock felt too delicate. There was the short blond and the tall brunet that flirted with him, but they were married, and he now remembered them leaving together. That left the friendly dark haired Latino chick with a great personality, not bad body, but a face like a horse. God no not her. She struck him as a bit crazy. But as the blood rushed to his manhood, and the sensations the lips and tongue were sending through his core increased, he began not to care who it was.

Whomever the lips belonged to, they knew what they were doing. They rose and fell, slowly massaging him toward a powerful orgasm. She would rise to the crown, roll her tongue around it, pinch it with her lips sending shockwaves through his gut, then slide down his full length and bob up and down several times. He could feel the head of his cock enter her throat each time, and each time she drew back, she sucked hard sliding her tongue back and forth against the tender flesh of the underside of his cock. He could not lay still any longer. The sensations were too intense. His hips bucked, the sucking mouth increased in tempo, his balls tightened, then a sudden release shot through him like a shockwave. 

His cock surged repeatedly as streams of cum burst forth into the tender mouth that so pleasantly awakened him. Pulse after pulse of seed burst free from his manhood, the first seeming to catch her off guard making her pause, then with a gulp, she continue to swallow all he had to offer. The fog in his brain was quickly replaced with a blue light of ecstasy. As the throws of orgasm subsided, and his muscles relaxed, the action on his member slowed, but did not cease. She continued sucking and licking till he was drained of the last drop, and went half soft. He was released from the warm mouth, and those lovely lips began kissing there way up his torso. As the lump in the sheets drew nearer the edge, his mind raced again as to whom it may be. Not that he cared after such pleasure given him. When she finally emerged from under the covers and looked him in the eye, a wide grin on her lips as her tongue ran once between them, he was totally shocked.

"Good morning, taxi." She giggled as her arms wrapped about his neck and she lay her head upon his chest.

"Great morning." He replied with relief.

She wasn't any of those he thought about, and he dug deeper into the recesses of his mind piecing together the events of last night. He had left the first club early with the blond and brunet, and walked three blocks to a western bar where they danced and flirted for about an hour before they left. He remembered hanging out at the bar for... That's who she is! She's the barmaid. One of them anyway. Dark brown curly hair, about five seven, brown eyes, and a body that could kill dressed in a beat-up cowboy hat, plaid shirt tied under her full tits, a pair of Daisy Duke shorts, and white deck shoes. He remembered getting quite drunk while flirting with her till closing. She asked if she could call him a taxi, and he replied she could call him anything she wanted if she took him home with her. Now he knew where he was, and who he was with, but what the hell was her name? Cindy...no. Linda...no. Pauline...close. Pam! That was it. Pamela. 

"Yes Thom?"

He hadn't realized he spoke out loud.

"Do you often take overly inebriated patrons home with you? Not that I'm complaining mind you. I can't thank you enough for what you just did, though I think we can come up with something. It was faaaan-tastic."

She chuckled giving him a squeeze about the neck and kissing his chest.

"Thank you. I enjoyed it too. And no, I don't make a habit of bringing home strays.' She laughed. 'Frankly this is the first time I've brought anyone home I haven't dated a few times."

"Then why me? Though I'm damn glad you did." He asked hugging her in return.

"I don't know really. You were just so much fun to talk with, and had been such a gentleman, even as drunk as you were."

"Drunk? I was sloshed. I certainly remember you, but I don't remember leaving the bar.

"Does that happen often?"

"No. Not at all. I haven't done that since I was 21. I was celebrating a raise, and the first night of a ten day vacation."

"Congratulations. Right now I just want to cuddle and doze for a while, ok?"

"Fine with me." He yawned in reply.

When he woke again, the sun was fully up, and he thought turnabout was fair play. Pam was sleeping soundly curled against him, her head on his shoulder, her hand resting just above his crotch making his dick rise to the occasion. Ever so slowly, he slid his arm from under sleeping beauty and let her settle onto her back. She stirred with a quiet moan, but did not waken. Lifting the covers, he was finally able to gaze upon her body. She was slim figured with good proportions, her breasts firm and tan with large nipples surrounded by dark areolas. They seamed a perfect B size, but they weren't his target. Below her flat stomach was a heart shaped patch of fine hair above his object of desire.

He stole his way under the covers till he was kneeling between her calves, and with gentle pressure, coaxed her legs farther apart giving him access to her sex. He slowly lowered his lips to her left thigh and began gently kissing his way up her tender flesh. Nearing the object of his affection, he could smell the sweet scent rising from her pussy, her legs spreading farther apart as she sighed in feigned sleep. When his lips made contact with her outer lips, he found them warm and damp. Placing a kiss on the soft flesh, he moved up an inch searching for her clit. Feeling with his tongue, he came to the top of her slit and felt the button he wanted to push. He also felt the patch of soft hair tickle the tip of his nose, and inhaled more of her sweet female perfume.

Drawing her clit between his lips and sucking gently, her back suddenly arched as she drew in a quick breath, her hands grasping the sides of his head holding him in tight. She gasped again as he probed between the outer folds of her pussy with the flat of his tongue, then flicked the tip rapidly over her clit. Her legs and stomach twitched as his lips and tongue caressed her pussy sending shockwaves of pleasure coursing through every fiber. He released a small breath over the patch of fine pubic hair, sucked her outer lips between his, then thrust his tongue between the folds into her opening.

Thrusting his tongue rapidly in and out of her moist passage caused her to moan loudly, encouraging him to increase his attentions. After tongue fucking her till she started to shake drawing close to orgasm, he drew the flat of his tongue up between her moistening lips till he reached her clit. Drawing the engorged bud between his lips as before he began sucking it between his lips and flicking it with his tongue. Her fingers were anchored in his hair pulling his face tighter into her crotch making it hard to do anything other than suck on her clit. Her grip loosened somewhat as her orgasm struck, and he returned to probing her hole with his tongue. He was rewarded with a discharge of sweet fluid so abundant it took him by surprise, nearly filling his mouth. He greedily drank at her fountain until the flow ceased, then returned his attention to her clit bringing on another orgasm almost immediately. His jaw was beginning to ache when she begged him to stop and just fuck her.

He slowly moved up her body placing kisses on her quivering flesh, stopping briefly to suck and pull first one nipple then the other into his mouth. Her hand wrapped around his cock half stroking him, and half pulling him to her moist center. Sliding his hands underneath her arms till he was holding her shoulders, he teasingly set the tip of his cock at her pussy. She contracted her stomach thrusting her hips up forcing the head of his cock to pop inside.

He suddenly felt her heals dig into his ass as he pushed forward and slid fully into her cunt. She felt so hot and slick around his cock he almost came before bottoming out, his pelvis pressing on her sensitive clit. She wrapped her arms around his chest, her legs around his thighs, and held him buried inside her for several long moments. His size filled and stretched her pussy to the limit, and she could feel the bulbous head pressed tightly against her cervix. He felt so good inside her, she wanted the feeling to last for ever.

Thom pulled back slowly while kissing her neck and nibbling on her earlobe till just the head remained within her, then slid forward bottoming out in her cunt and holding for a brief moment. After a few of these, he began to move in slow full strokes rising to the very edge of withdrawing, then push forward burying his cock to the hilt. With each forward thrust he changed the angle slightly. She moaned each time he thrust home, her cunt gripping tightly around his flesh. They matched movements with her hips rising to each of his deliberate thrusts, the pace picking up ever so slowly till they were moving in rapid unison. She raised her legs wide and apart, their bodies slapping together, his balls slapping into her anis, her hips dipping drawing her clit into the action rubbing along the top of his cock.

It wasn't long before Pam's third orgasm approached, and grabbing her legs behind the knees held them up and as far apart as she could urging him to fuck her deep and hard. He readily obliged having no willpower to do otherwise. She was so hot and tight, and flowing with moisture he was surprised he lasted this long, and began driving into her with abandon. Their bodies slammed together making her tits giggle, his ball slapping her ass, then her body went into convulsions. She came violently loosing control of her body, her brain swirling, and came again feeling his cock suddenly enlarge and begin pumping her full of his hot cum.

She was exhausted and totally at his mercy, their juices mixing and leaking from her as he continued to fuck her even after he pumped the last jet of sperm into her overflowing cunt. A few more thrusts and she came again with a scream, almost as strong as before. Finally, drenched in sweat and out of breath, every ounce of energy expended, he collapsed almost on top of her, his cock still imbedded and twitching as it slowly deflated and slipped out. She could feel the wetness of their mingled fluids ooze from her pussy between the crack of her ass and begin to pool on the sheets beneath her. Though at the moment, she couldn't care less, and hadn't the strength or breath to do anything about it if she did.

They lay silent for several minutes regaining their strength, and as she moved to speak, he placed his lips over hers in a deep and passionate kiss. Their tongues entwined and their hands slowly roamed over each other's moist flesh. He massaged her breasts pinching her nipples, while her hands roamed across his chest and back, and finally she wrapped the fingers of her right hand around his limp cock, sticky with their drying fluids. Before they got carried away again, which they hadn't the energy for in the first place, they decided a shower was in order.

Pam grabbed her blue robe and a plain white hotel robe from her closet and led Thom down the hall to the bathroom. On their way they could smell the rich aroma of coffee brewing in the kitchen. That alone gave them a slight energy boost, and climbing into the shower feeling the soothing water cascade over their bodies brought them further back. Soaping each other up brought Thom's dick back to life, and Pam couldn't resist stroking him for a moment or two. Nor could Thom keep his lips off hers, or his hands away from her firm breasts and hot pussy. If only for a moment. Clean, dry, and wrapped in the terrycloth robes, they headed for the kitchen and a hot cup of rejuvenating coffee. 

Entering the kitchen they saw Pam's roommate at the stove, the smell and sound of bacon crackling in the pan. 

"Morning Linda.' Pam greeted. 'Thom, this is my roommate Linda. Linda, Thom."

"Good morning. Hi Thom.' She boldly replied turning from the stove. 'Where have you been hiding this one?"

"Actually, we met last night." Pam confessed.

"And this morning.' Linda playfully replied, giving Thom a quick up and down scan before returning to her task. 'Bacon and eggs all round?"

Pam brought the settings to the table and returned to pour juice and coffee while Thom laid out the plates and silverware. Pam returned handing Thom a cup of coffee, flashed him a smile, set the three juices out, and returned to the kitchen. Thom sipped his coffee and watched the two ladies busying themselves with the meal and chatting quietly between themselves, an occasional glance darting his way. Linda was shorter then Pam, a cute oriental, about five-five, straight raven black hair bound in a hair tie flowing to the bottom of her shoulders. She wore a loose fitting powder blue men's shirt extending to mid thigh, and shapely thighs they were. He couldn't tell much more about her figure, but got a kick out of her fuzzy yellow 'Big Bird' slippers.

They chatted all through breakfast, the conversation turning more personal as the meal went on. Nothing too direct, but Thom knew something was up. Linda kept flashing him with that flirty smile of hers, and twice her foot brushed his leg up to his knee. Each time she leaned into the table to get another slice of toast or freshen her coffee, her shirt pulled tight across her chest molding the material to her small but perky breasts. Her nipples clearly visible. And the more she leaned into the table, the more he was convinced it was intentional. Pam's attentions toward him weren't much different.

They stood to take their dishes into the kitchen, and as Linda turned from the table, she bumped into Thom with her juice glass spilling O J down the front of his robe.

"OH Gosh! Look what I did!" She exclaimed.

Before Thom could say a word, she set her plate down, grabbed a napkin in one hand, took the plate from Thom setting it on the table, and pushed him back into his chair dabbing at the trail of juice.

"Don't worry. I'll get it.' She continued dabbing at the trail down the front of the robe. 'I must make sure not to miss any." She added, and reaching his lap flipped the robe open.

"Now see, some got away. But I'll clean it up."

No sooner had she spoken than she dropped to her knees and sucked his dick into her mouth rolling her tongue around the swelling tip. In seconds Linda had Thom hard as a rock, pre-cum oozing from the tip. Had she not been grinning from ear to ear through the whole thing, he would have taken her poor melodramatic acting as being serious. Which made her appear all the cuter to him. Pam returned and gathered the last of the dishes, giggled at the scene before her, then turned for the kitchen. Bobbing up and down on his cock, Linda ran her nails lightly over his skin from his knees to his chest, then back again sending shivers through his whole body.

As she worked on his cock, he was awarded teasing glimpses of her breasts inside the loose shirt. She bobbed up and down several times taking him into her throat, then licked and teased the swollen head while stroking him with her hand. She repeated this several times drawing him near to cuming, then, as the pressure began to rise in his scrotum, she suddenly pulled from him with a pop.

"Oh God don't stop now!' He protested. 'I was almost there."

"I know.' She grinned. 'I'm a baaaad girl. It's not my mouth I want your cum in."

Pam stood as Linda returned from the kitchen, they each grabbed a hand pulling him to his feet, and nearly drug him running into Linda's room and pushed him onto the bed. Laying back supported on his elbows he watched as they slowly and teasingly stripped off their one article of clothing. Pam slid her robe slowly off one shoulder, then the other, working it down her body like a snake shedding its skin.

Linda swayed back and forth undoing one button at a time with great care pulling the material open with each release. His eyes flashed from one to the other not wanting to miss one second of the show. He had seen Pam naked, but this made it new and exciting. Linda on the other hand, was a new experience. When Pam had her robe around her hips, Linda undid the last button and pealed the shirt seductively from her shoulders exposing her breasts. They were small and firm with large dark nipples pointing straight forward. Letting the material drop the rest of the way off her petite frame, her feet set apart, exposed the small patch of hair trimmed in the shape of an arrow pointing at her pink little pussy. As if he needed directions.

Once naked, they jumped on the bed and nearly tore the robe from him, then assailed his body with kisses. Their hands roaming wherever their lips were not at the moment. Pam was the first to reach his groin and slid her lips hungrily over his cock. Linda joined her placing kisses all over his stomach and abdomen while caressing and tickling his nuts with her right hand. Thom's fingers had gone directly to Linda's crotch and were now stroking her moist pussy while Pam's lips slid up and down his shaft. Linda moaned loudly when Thom slid two fingers into her pussy and began moving them around searching for the magic G spot. Her hips suddenly quivered when he found it, and he doubled his efforts on stimulating the area. He then began thrusting his fingers in and out keeping the pressure on, and Linda soon came with a shudder and squeal drenching his fingers in her nectar.

Pam released him from her mouth, and Linda wasted no time in straddling his hips, reached between them, and grabbing his cock guided it to her horny cunt. She pressed down with just enough pressure to pop the swollen head into her tight passage. Then rotating her hips, wiggled down slowly engulfing his cock inch, by tantalizing inch. It was almost torturous for both of them as horny as they were for each other. His cock filling her to the max, her cunt squeezing him like a slippery fist. Fully impaled, she began rocking her hips slowly rubbing her clit hard against his pelvis. He could feel the head of his dick brushing against her cervix. She began to shudder, rocked back and forth rapidly, then her cunt clamped down on him and he could feel his balls getting wet. He was surprised how quickly she came.

Before her convulsions ceased completely, she began riding him like a pro, the fingers of her tight hand rubbing frantically at her clit. Pam had worked herself close to orgasm watching them, and now straddled his face and set her dripping pussy at his mouth. It helped distract him from the treatment his dick was getting drawing it out a little longer, and gave him the added pleasure of Pam's sweet juices. They were indeed the nectar of the gods. He went right away for probing her hole with his tongue for a while, then drug his tongue roughly up between her lips to suckle on her swollen clit.
