 Author's note:

You may remember the Craig character from my story Craig's Scuba Dive in St. Barts. Craig is married and as an anniversary gift his wife gave him a wonderful dive trip with Francine. First, a little about myself, Craig is 31 years old, 6 ft and weighs about 150 lbs., with short blonde hair. 

This story is about Craig’s diving trip with Brenda, his 2nd cousin and her girlfriend. Vanessa's character is based on my favorite and the best looking waitress. She is cute & hot. Brenda is my real cousin, named changed. Brenda is single and does scuba dive.

* * * * *

The Beginning:

At a November family reunion Craig went up to his 2nd cousin, Brenda to see how she was doing. Brenda and Craig have had a great friendship, Brenda always teased Craig about nude sunbathing during her recent St. Martin trip and how she went topless on her other vacations. Brenda and Craig always got along real well and even though Craig was married Brenda, would always tease him about them sleeping together. Brenda is 25 years old, still single and hasn't had much luck keeping a boyfriend. Brenda weighs about 100 lbs., 5 ft 6 " with 32A nice but small breasts and long black hair. Brenda keeps herself in great physical shape by running and bike riding. Brenda told Craig that she was leaving for Barbados in two weeks for a one-week vacation with her 22-year-old girlfriend, Vanessa, an Irish Red Head. 

Craig teased Brenda that since it has been a long time since she had sex would she consider sleeping with Vanessa? Brenda gave Craig a look, he was expecting to be slapped but instead Brenda gave him an evil grin and told Craig that it would be a dream come true if it happened. Brenda has never slept with another female before but since Vanessa is real cute with a model's build Brenda would consider it. Vanessa has short pageboy style red hair with an ass to die for and small Breasts. According to Craig anything more that a bite is wasted.

Craig teased back that if Brenda planned on sleeping with Vanessa that he would give anything to see this happen and would love to join them in Barbados. Brenda told Craig that she is a certified scuba diver but Vanessa doesn't dive, so Craig could come as her diving buddy, but Brenda knew that Craig would not join her in Barbados. Craig told Brenda that he has a one week vacation period remaining at work that he has to use up or lose so if his boss and wife approve, he could join them. Brenda told him to put up or shut up. Brenda told Craig that housing would be cheap because they rented a Villa with separate bedrooms each with it's own bathroom with a pull out couch in the living room. They could now split the rent 3 ways. Craig asked Brenda if Vanessa would object to having a strange guy join the vacation and Brenda told him that would not be a problem. Vanessa and Brenda were concerned about vacationing alone, two females in Barbados plus they now would save money on the trip. Craig told Brenda that he would check with his boss at work and wife and get back to her next week. Brenda told him that would be fine.

Craig went into work on Monday to ask his boss if he could have the 2nd week of December off so he could use his remaining vacation days up. Since it is a slow time at work, Craig's boss agreed to the vacation time. Craig was very excited but now he had to convince his wife to let him take the trip. That evening Craig mentioned to his wife that at the family reunion Brenda invited him to join her in Barbados on a scuba diving vacation and that he was able to get time off from work. Since Craig's wife could not get off from work, he wanted to know if he could go? Craig's wife knows how much he loved to scuba dive so she told him to have a great time, just remember that Brenda is family. Craig kidded with his wife not to worry. Craig called Brenda that night to tell her that he could join them. Craig called the airlines about using his frequent flier miles for the trip and he lucked out, flights were available but he would get into Barbados late in the evening. Brenda and Vanessa were arriving in the afternoon.

December 7th came and Craig flew down to meet Brenda and Vanessa in Barbados, they were picking him up at the airport. Brenda greeted Craig with a hug and peck on the cheek then introduced Vanessa. Craig looked at Vanessa, gave her a small hug, then looked back to Brenda and said you were not kidding cuz, she could be a model. Vanessa blushed upon hearing the comment from Craig. After they got Craig's bags and loaded up the car Brenda drove to their villa. On the way to the Villa, Brenda gave Craig the bad (good) news. Brenda told Craig that the Villa rental company messed up their reservations, instead of a 2 bedroom Villa, they got a 1 bedroom Villa with a king size bed and pull out couch in the living room. Vanessa and Brenda agreed to share the king-size bed, he would have to use the couch but they all would have to share the bathroom. Craig told the girls that he would rough it, if they would and they all laughed at his comment.

They arrived at the Villa and Craig noticed that it would be cramped for the three of them but he would have to make do. Craig was sure that by the end of the vacation, he would be sleeping in the King size bed while enjoying the company of two females, something he dreamed about. Craig was thinking about his dive with Francine and the fun he had underwater with her, but sleeping with two females, life is great. While Brenda was in the bathroom changing and getting ready for bed, Vanessa was in the bedroom getting changed. Craig had to wait for his turn to use the bathroom. Vanessa came out of the bedroom wearing a cute pink tank top with matching panty combination and chatted with Craig. Craig could not believe how cute this 22-year old was and now he got to confirm that Vanessa had no body fat on her. Brenda came out of the bathroom wearing a T-shirt that just covered her thong panties. Craig was enjoying the scenery and so was his penis, thank goodness he was still wearing his jeans. Craig knew that Brenda's outfit was for seducing both him and Vanessa. Vanessa went into the bathroom to wash up so Brenda spoke with Craig.

Brenda told Craig that things were a little cramped but she did not think he would mind and based on his hard on, she knew he liked there sleeping attire. Craig told Brenda that yes he did enjoy seeing them in their sleeping attire and that all would work out for the both of them. Craig asked Brenda if she planned on seducing Vanessa tonight and Brenda told Craig that she planed to proceed slow and easy during the vacation. Brenda did not want to lose Vanessa as a friend and she wasn't sure if Vanessa wanted to have sex with her or not. Vanessa came out of the bathroom and went directly into the bedroom with Brenda joining her, so Craig went into the bathroom to get ready for bed. Craig was changing into a pair of running shorts and noticed that his 9-inch penis was still hard so he decided to relieve himself by masturbating. When Craig came, moaning a little, he squirted his semen into the sink, then ran the water to let it wash down the drain.

During the night Brenda woke up hearing strange moaning sounds coming from Vanessa and gently looked over to see Vanessa's hands under the sheet with one hand rubbing her pussy and the other rubbing her breasts. Brenda decided to watch and not do anything about it but of course she was getting horny watching. Brenda knew that during her morning shower, Brenda would bring her vibrator into the shower so she could gain some relief from being so horny. The next morning Brenda and Vanessa woke up about the same time then went out to wake up Craig. The Brenda, Craig and Vanessa discussed their plans for the day. While Craig and Brenda dived together, Vanessa would relax sunbathing at the pool reading her book. Brenda hit the shower first wrapping her vibrator in her towel. Brenda slipped off her T-shirt and panties and proceeded into the shower. Brenda soaped up her body and then placed a few fingers in her pussy to get it wet enough to slip in the vibrator. When Brenda felt her pussy was wet enough, she slipped the vibrator right into place. While the vibrator was in her pussy, Brenda took one finger with some soap on it and placed it in her asshole, with her other hand rubbing her clitoris. 

Brenda loved the feeling of something in her pussy and something in her asshole. Brenda took the finger out of her asshole and started to play with her breasts. Brenda felt her breasts starting to swell and knew she was getting close to cuming. With the Villa being small and Craig and Vanessa not far away, Brenda wanted to muffle her orgasm scream but she was so into her body that she yelled out louder then planned. Of course Vanessa and Craig heard the scream and both started laughing knowing that Brenda just came in the shower. Brenda quickly finished up in the shower, removing her vibrator, before coming out of the bathroom she dressed into her string bikini. As Brenda came out of the bathroom, both Vanessa and Craig looked over and noticed that Brenda was already wearing her bikini.

Vanessa went in next to shower and to get changed into the bikini that she used for sunbathing. When Vanessa came out of the bathroom, she had on a bikini that had two small patches of material for her 34A breasts and two small patches to just cover her pussy and butt cheeks on her bottoms. Craig and Brenda noticed that Vanessa must have little to no red pussy hair and both could not wait to find out, if she had any hair at all on her pussy. Craig went in next and changed into his Speedo. Vanessa asked Brenda what she thought of her bikini and Brenda told her she looked great. Brenda told her that the guys would not be able to take their eyes off of her body, just look at Craig's reaction? Vanessa said yes, isn't great teasing Craig like that, you can tell we are giving him erections, haven't you noticed Brenda. Brenda told Vanessa that not only is she giving Craig erections but Vanessa is also turning Brenda on. Vanessa looked at Brenda but didn't say anything more.

Craig and Brenda took the car to the local dive shop to make arrangements to rent their boat and to get their scuba diving equipment for their days adventure meanwhile Vanessa left for the pool.

Craig and Brenda got directions to a private dive wreck about 3 miles away by boat. At the dive site, Craig helped Brenda put on her dive tank, weights and other equipment then checked her equipment out. Craig then got on his tank, weights and other equipment and had Brenda check his equipment out. Both divers were all set, so they jumped off the boat into the crystal clear Barbados water.

At 25 ft below water, Craig stopped Brenda then gave her the signal to wait where she was. Craig reviewed Brenda's dive equipment once more to make sure that all was ok, then he had Brenda repeat the equipment check on his equipment. When everything checked out ok they continued diving to the wreck. At 45 ft, they started to see the beginning of a 75ft private yacht that was sunken about 2 years ago off Barbados. The yacht was still in good shape. They swam around the wreck area for a little bit.

When they got to the wreck, to tease Craig, Brenda reached under her dive vest and pulled off her bikini top showing Craig her pointed nipples. Craig swam over to Brenda taking her top out of her hand stuffing it into his vest. Brenda started to wrestle with Craig to get her top back and Craig griped her waist pulling her closer to his body. Craig, after taking a deep breathe, pulled out his regulator and signaled Brenda to do the same. After she removed her regulator Craig gave her a BIG kiss on the lips. Both Craig and Brenda replaced their regulators for a few moments then repeated the kiss but this time staying together longer - tongue to tongue.

During the kiss, Craig reached under Brenda's Dive Vest to start teasing her breasts rolling his finger over her erect nipples. Brenda was enjoying the feeling of Craig playing with her 32A size breasts underwater but she needed air, so she broke off the kiss and replaced her regulator into her mouth with Craig doing the same thing. Craig then took off his Speedo to signal Brenda that he had a major hard on. Brenda removed her bikini bottom and came closer to Craig. Craig tried to maneuver Brenda's dive 
 equipment to access her bare pussy but instead Brenda just took his exposed penis in her hands. Brenda started to move her hand up and down, stroking Craig's 9-inch penis while Craig obtained entrance to her pussy with his finger.

As they each get more excited, both Brenda and Craig start breathing faster on their regulators. Brenda signaled to Craig to start moving towards the bottom another 10 ft to 70 ft where they can stay for 30 minutes without decompression. Brenda, with the regulator still in her mouth, removed her deflated dive vest and placed it on the sandy bottom, then placed her body next to the dive tank. Craig followed Brenda and placed his dive tank on the bottom as well, placing his body as close to Brenda's as possible. Craig removed his regulator swam over to Brenda and started sucking on her small sensitive breasts. Craig would occasionally take a breath of air off Brenda's regulator. Craig continued to lick and suck Brenda's breasts while fingering her pussy. Craig thought it felt weird having his finger in her pussy underwater but Brenda was enjoying the attention. While Craig was getting Brenda excited she would reach out whenever she could to take hold of Craig's penis.

This went on for about 10 minutes when Brenda noticed that with both of them sucking air down, that her tank was down to 1500 psi, so she gave Craig the low air signal and he also checked her gauge. Craig wasn't going to pass up this opportunity with Brenda so he mounted her underwater and slowly entered her pussy. So that Brenda could breathe on her own tank, Craig brought over his regulator and started sucking his own air down. Craig and Brenda were so excited that they both came quickly each having an orgasm at the same time. When Craig removed his penis from Brenda's pussy, his leaking semen, looking like a jelly fish, floated up out of her pussy.

Craig checked the amount of time that they were underwater and after giving Brenda one last kiss started with Brenda, both still in the nude their decent up to their rented boat. They stopped at the 15 ft mark before the surface as a non-decompression precaution. When they got to the top, Craig removed his dive gear and placed it on the boat then jumped aboard. Craig then helped Brenda with her dive gear, then helped her jump on board the boat. Once onboard the boat Craig and Brenda gave each other a BIG hug, then started French kissing. Brenda went down and started sucking Craig's penis, starting slowly from his balls then up to the tip of his penis then back down, licking and sucking all the way. Craig looked around and realized that both he and Brenda were still nude but luckily nobody was around to see Brenda giving him a great blowjob.

Craig started cuming into Brenda's mouth and she just swallowed it all down. After Craig relaxed for a few minutes, he wanted to lick Brenda's pussy but she told him that since it was getting late that it could wait till later. Both Craig and Brenda got dressed into their bathing suits then stowed the dive gear for the trip back to the Dive Shop and to Vanessa.

While Brenda and Craig were scuba diving, Vanessa relaxed by the pool and falling a sleep on her lounge chair. Vanessa woke up to the sounds of Craig and Brenda returning with Brenda noticing major sunburns on the front of Vanessa's body. Brenda told Vanessa that she would place aloe on her entire body when they got back to the Villa. When they got back to the Villa, since Vanessa could not bear to put any clothes on her sunburned body, she striped her bikini top and bottom off so that Brenda could apply Aloe to her body.

Brenda entered the bedroom seeing Vanessa's nude body for the first time that she had to stop herself from staring at Vanessa's perfect, firm ass, perky 34A tits and a pussy with a small patch of red hair that just covered her clitoris. Brenda told Vanessa to lay on her back so that she can start to apply the aloe. Meanwhile Craig changed into shorts and a T-shirt in the living room, leaving the girls alone in the bedroom, to get a few drinks at a local bar. Brenda started to massage very gently the aloe onto Vanessa's legs covering her feet and leg area. Brenda started massaging the aloe up Vanessa's leg towards her thigh. Vanessa had her eyes closed and didn't notice Brenda staring at her red pussy patch and breasts. Even though Brenda had sex with Craig not long ago, her pussy started to moisten. Brenda started massaging the aloe into Vanessa's thigh area just below her pussy, intentionally touching Vanessa's pussy. After she completed Vanessa's leg and thigh area, Brenda started applying the aloe to Vanessa's stomach. From the stomach Brenda started towards Vanessa's left breast, then the right breast and back to the left all the time gently massaging the aloe into Vanessa's breasts glossing over each of Vanessa’s small nipples. Brenda then pulled on Vanessa's nipples, massaging them slowly and tenderly. Vanessa kept her eyes closed but started to murmur in enjoyment of having her breasts massaged by Brenda. 

Once Brenda finished massaging Vanessa's breasts, since Vanessa didn't stop her to this point, Brenda decides to become braver and starts massaging the outside area of Vanessa's pussy lips. Vanessa responds with a small orgasm so Brenda decides to use her fingers to enter Vanessa's pussy. Brenda then starts to kiss all over Vanessa's pussy, from her clit to her asshole and back again. Vanessa decides to help Brenda by holding her pussy open, Brenda is getting Vanessa's juice all over her and Vanessa opens her eyes to look at Brenda as Brenda's tongue reaches out to lick more of the juice off Vanessa's pussy lips. Brenda comments on how nice Vanessa tastes as she heads back for more. Now Vanessa feels Brenda's lips on the inner part of her pussy, and Vanessa gasps as Brenda's tongue snakes out to lick up some more juice that is running out, and down onto Vanessa's ass. Brenda licks around and in the rose bud of Vanessa's ass, sending more shock waves through Vanessa. Meanwhile Vanessa is having one orgasm after another; she is in total ecstasy as she comments to Brenda the incredible feelings she just had from Brenda’s tongue, Vanessa said. "You're a great pussy licker." Brenda told Vanessa she has wanted to suck Vanessa's pussy for a long time.

Vanessa tells Brenda that it is time to switch places and Vanessa, removing Brenda's bikini, starts licking and sucking Brenda's breasts, starting with Brenda's left nipple then the right nipple going back and forth between the two breasts. While Vanessa's mouth is on Brenda's breasts her fingers are working Brenda's very wet pussy. Brenda's pussy is so wet that Vanessa decides it is time that Brenda has a tongue bath from her. Vanessa starts licking Brenda's slit, running her tongue up and down, and then side to side. Vanessa drives her tongue into Brenda, and scoops out some wet stickiness, (leftover dried cum from Craig?) licking her lips as she does so. Vanessa then pulls the hood of Brenda's clit back, and starts to suck on it. Brenda feels Vanessa creating a gentle vacuum around her clit, and Vanessa starts to lick Brenda's clit as it is inside her mouth. Vanessa then runs her lips over the clit making Brenda flow like a river, and making Brenda feel like she might cum again soon.

Brenda could not hold out any longer and let loose a massive orgasm her juices bathing Vanessa's face as Brenda writhed through a long, paralyzing multiple orgasm. With difficulty Brenda pulled back, nearly falling off the bed as she moved to get her tender, burning cunt away from Vanessa's hot, devouring mouth that was below her. Brenda collapsed in a heap next to Vanessa, both of them panting and covered with sweat and cunt juices. Tenderly they kissed, their mouths sucking at each other, tasting their combined juices. Brenda said, "You're not a bad cunt licker yourself".
