 Author's Note:
This story is Part 2 about Craig's diving trip with Brenda, his second cousin and her girlfriend - Vanessa. 

* * * * *

The story continues with both Vanessa and Brenda still in the shower, because of Vanessa's bad sun burns, Brenda takes it easy washing Vanessa and gently soaps down her body, making sure to wash every part. Brenda gently rubbed Vanessa's pussy in a teasing motion but not trying to get Vanessa off after their recent sexual encounter. Since there was no one hanging out at the "FROG" a famous divers bar on Barbados, Craig decides to come back from the bar early. Craig enters the Villa, hearing Vanessa's death scream, realizing it is not the screams from sex or an orgasm but of pain and agony, he enters the Villa running into the girl's bedroom to find both girls nude in the shower.

Since he has never seen Vanessa nude having only had sex with Brenda, Craig runs out from embarrassment back into the living room area apologizing to the girls for catching them in the shower together nude. Vanessa and Brenda start laughing their pretty asses off then decide to get out of the shower so that could explain to Craig what happened to Vanessa that she screamed so loud.

Both girls hurried up drying each other off then threw on T-shirts, no panties, and went out to the living room Craig looked up from the couch as both Vanessa and Brenda took separate seats within the living room. Craig was able from his angle to notice that both of the girls left off their panties allowing him flashes of their pussy. Craig started to apologize for coming into the bathroom without notice, but his cousin, Brenda cut him off to explain that Vanessa got sunburned and when the shower water hit her body to wash off the soap, that she gave the killing scream. Craig explained that "the FROG" was very quite so he came home early, of course since he was now wearing only his shorts and getting peaks at their pussies Craig started to get a boner which he kept trying to hide with a couch pillow.

Vanessa and Brenda told Craig that they were very tired, Vanessa from being in the hot sun and Brenda from diving plus having sex with both Craig and Vanessa at different times so they told Craig to go ahead in the bathroom to wash up and they would wait in the living room. Craig went into the bathroom to start washing up, meanwhile Vanessa and Brenda were thinking of a plan to seduce Craig. Craig came out of the girl's bedroom; giving Brenda a wet kiss tonight and then gave Vanessa a gentle hug.

Vanessa entered their bedroom and immediately took off her T-shirt explaining to Brenda that she was too hot to sleep with clothes on, so Brenda took her T-Shirt off so both girls cuddled together and fell off to sleep. Meanwhile, Craig had a major hard-on that his 9-inch penis needed relief so he started stroking his friend, cuming not once but twice then drifted off to sleep. The next morning both girls got up, doing their business in the bathroom, washing up, brushing their teeth etc, when Vanessa asked Brenda if she would keep her company, maybe shop and snorkel today and let Craig go off with the dive group, so Brenda agreed to stay back, keeping Vanessa company.

Vanessa and Brenda came out of their bedroom, noticed where Craig's hand was located, since they knew he masturbated himself to sleep, they were happy they decided not wearing any panties, last night, under their T-Shirts, thus starting the slow seduction of Craig, they jumped onto Craig waking him out of a sound sleep, telling him of their plan for the day. Craig told the girls that he could locate a diving partner from the dive shop and he would scuba dive today without Brenda, after yesterday's dive with her he was hoping for a little more underwater fun, but that could wait.

Craig went off to the dive shop, while Brenda and Vanessa went into town. Vanessa found a great shop that sold bikini's so both girls went in to shop for a new bathing suit. Vanessa decided on this cute two-piece suit, that barley covered the nipples of her 34A breasts and her pussy. Brenda told her the suit looked very cute on her but that some of her pussy hairs were sticking out, requiring her to shave more hair off her pussy area, so Vanessa bought the suit, helping Brenda find a similar suit that required her to also have her pussy shaved.

Vanessa and Brenda decided to cook dinner in the Villa tonight for Craig, and wear only their new bikini suits deciding to just let the fun begin tonight with Craig. After purchasing their suits, they left the store to locate a food market, where they would purchase some steaks, vegetables, along with a few bottles of wine. They put away their suits along with the food and changed into regular bathing suits to go off for a few hours to snorkel. Finding a private cove, both girls decided to forgo their suits and skinny dip while snorkeling. They entered the water, swimming around watching the fish swim in the clear Caribbean water. Brenda noticing no one around decided to swim under Vanessa pinching her nipples, stroking her pussy, then swim away. Vanessa decided to chase Brenda so she took off after Brenda, getting a hold of just her fins she pulled Brenda back. The water was shallow so they were able to stand up to start embracing each other, Brenda finding Vanessa's sweet spot, started finger fucking her, meanwhile, Vanessa started to suck on Brenda's tits.

Brenda took a deep breath, going underwater to start licking, sucking at Vanessa's pussy until her breath ran out, and she had to come up. Vanessa told Brenda that the feeling was great, so, Vanessa went underwater to do the same thing to Brenda. Brenda started to orgasm, just as Vanessa had to come up for air. To concentrate on each other's body, both girls decided to continue enjoying each other on the beach so they went to their spread out towels, placing the snorkel gear off to the side. 

Since Brenda was about to orgasm, Vanessa had Brenda lie down on the towels. Brenda jumped as Vanessa's lips touch her pussy, and Vanessa said "it looks so nice, I just have to kiss it. Ok? Brenda agreed, spreading her legs wider. Vanessa started kissing Brenda all over her cunt, from her clit to Brenda's asshole and back again. With Vanessa holding Brenda's pussy wide open, she was getting Brenda's juice all over her lips, and Vanessa looked at Brenda as her tongue reached out more to lick it all off. Vanessa commented on how nice Brenda tasted, and headed back down for more. Now Brenda felt Vanessa's lips on the inner part of her pussy, and Brenda gasped as Vanessa's tongue snaked out to lick up some additional juices that were running out, and down onto your ass. Seems Vanessa didn't want to waste any.

Brenda is so close to her orgasm now that Vanessa slams back into Brenda with her tongue, then starts playing with Brenda's asshole. Vanessa has taken two fingers to start pushing them into Brenda's ass. Brenda is thinking, will Vanessa enter my ass? Yes, Vanessa then pushes her middle finger into Brenda's ass, as she continues rubbing Brenda's clit, then licks her slit and Vanessa licks her own fingers to help them penetrate Brenda's ripe virgin ass. Brenda finally starts to cum, hard, making her legs squeeze Vanessa's head. Vanessa drives her tongue into Brenda's slippery pussy and fingers into her anal passage, as far as Vanessa can go, then sucks Brenda's erect clit, as hard as she can. Brenda cums shouting and yelling out as Vanessa brings her to a major orgasm! More of Brenda's juice starts gushing out of her as Vanessa sucks and licks furiously, trying to get all of it. Brenda and Vanessa lay back onto the towels, relaxing for a few minutes, then check to make sure nobody is around watching their activities. Still noticing the beach and cove is all theirs, Brenda then moves to Vanessa's pussy. 

Brenda starts to lick Vanessa's outer lips, placing two fingers into Vanessa's now very wet pussy, then Brenda starts to lightly bite Vanessa's clit, just teasing her clit only then rubbing Vanessa's 34A tits. Brenda starts to pounding her tongue in and out of Vanessa, fucking Vanessa with her tongue and sucking with her mouth. Vanessa starts yelling out, oh, it feels so good, keep going! To make them more sensitive, Vanessa then starts pulling at her own nipples, , then starts squeezing her legs around Brenda's head. Brenda pushes into Vanessa even harder, with the thought of making Vanessa, squirt cum juice into Brenda's mouth. Brenda sucks and licks at Vanessa's cunt, making her squirm and start making a low moan as Vanessa's orgasm builds. Brenda decides to return the pleasure and inserts one then two fingers into the rosebud of Vanessa's ass. Brenda has two fingers in Vanessa's anal passage and her tongue on Vanessa's clit. Vanessa is so horny and hot, ready to cum that her whole body is moving and shaking off the beach towel.

What both Brenda and Vanessa did not know was that Craig's dive today with his dive partner "Sammie" was off a boat located about 1/4 mile from this private cove and as both Craig and Sammie were coming up into the shallow water, they both spotted Vanessa and Brenda going at it like minks in heat. Craig started getting a hard on, watching this scene before him, especially since he knew whom the two girls were while "Sammie" was getting all heated up. Craig let "Sammie" watch for a little longer then gave the thumbs down signal to head back to their dive boat. 

Brenda continued to suck and lick Vanessa's pussy, playing with her asshole while Vanessa rubbed her own tits. Brenda really enjoyed sucking and playing with Vanessa's clit and fingering her asshole. Vanessa started to orgasm, shouting out suck me harder Brenda, much harder, push that tongue of yours into my pussy, make me cum, please make me cum yelling and screaming Vanessa's head off. Pussy juice started flowing from Vanessa's now dripping pussy and Brenda knew her friend had one hell of an orgasm. After relaxing for a few minutes, they ran into the water to cool off then decided that they would have to get ready for tonight and their seduction of Craig. After they came back to get their towels and pack up their snorkel gear a group of locals from the Island of Barbados came out from some of the dune and trees to give them a round of applause and thanks. What Vanessa and Brenda did not know was that this private cove was owned by a local to the Island and he allowed the local Island people to picnic and swim within his cove. Brenda and Vanessa were so embarrassed by their audience watching their private lovemaking session. Of course, they did not know that Craig and "Sammie" also watched some of their lovemaking session. However, both girls enjoyed themselves, each having a fantastic orgasm that since they did not know these people, they decided not to care. Brenda and Vanessa then drove off back to their villa to start shaving the little hairs left on their pussy area and prepare the food for tonight's special dinner and sexual play.

Brenda told Vanessa that she could shave Brenda's pussy first and then Brenda would shave Vanessa's pussy next. They got Craig's shaving cream and went into the shower to soap each other up. Meanwhile Brenda sat down on the bench seat allowing Vanessa to cream her pussy preparing it to be shaved. Vanessa carefully held Brenda's outer lips and gently shaved off her hair, then went by her Clit and very slowly then gently shaved the small amount of hair that she had down there. Vanessa would lick Brenda's clit as well, allowing her tongue to enter Brenda's pussy just to tease her a little. They both knew there was no time to play available if they wanted to be ready for Craig. Brenda then had Vanessa sit on the bench proceeding to shave her pussy, bare. Both girls were now Bald as a baby's bottom and enjoyed the feeling of no hair below.

They then both took a shower together, careful of Vanessa's sun burns, to clean up and change into their new suits that would leave nothing to Craig's imagination. While Vanessa set the table, Brenda prepared the steaks and food. Craig came home about 30 minutes later to find both girls out back at the grill and could not believe his eyes. Their new suits were doing the trick between the scene Craig saw earlier and the hot new bikinis these hot babes in front of him were wearing, he could not believe the body on Vanessa. It was a model's body.... Craig had to laugh to himself, because he was able to see where Vanessa was red from her sunburn. Both girls greeted Craig with a mutual wet kiss then told him to hit the shower so he could get ready for dinner. 

Craig went into the shower, taking a load of semen from his penis first then washing the rest of his body to get ready for dinner and what he hoped would be after dinner activities with these goddess like beauties. Craig came back with just his running shorts and a T-shirt on. The wine was opened and the party began.

Craig asked Brenda and Vanessa how their day went, what they did, where they went and the girls laughed, explaining they decided to buy these new bikini's, that they hoped he liked, which of course Craig told them they looked beautiful and very sexy in them. Then the girls went on about shopping for the food, snorkeling at a private cove, they left had some details here for now, and coming back to prepare dinner. The girls asked about Craig's day and he just said he went scuba diving with "Sammie" off a boat by a cove and left it at that, meanwhile both girls gave each other a secret look, that said oh, did Craig also see us today.

Dinner was served with more wine being served, music was playing and everyone started to relax together in the Villa's backyard. After dinner, everyone brought his or her dishes inside, cleaned up and went back outside to continue relaxing and enjoying the wine. The second bottle was opened and Brenda asked Craig to dance with her, of course, Craig agreed to dance with his cousin. During the dance Brenda, feeling little pain from the wine she drank so far, licked Craig's ear during their dance, meanwhile Craig let his hand find one of Brenda's 32A breasts and started massaging it through the outside material of her very small bikini top. After the song ended, Vanessa screamed out to Craig that she was his next date for dancing. 

Vanessa and Craig started slow dancing then Vanessa gave a long, slow kiss to Craig, French-kissing him, so much it felt like she was going down his throat. Craig took this as a "GO" sign from Vanessa so he brought his hands up to her breasts to move away the small piece of material from her bikini top off, exposing her tits to the world. Craig started to massage Vanessa's breasts, meanwhile Vanessa moved her hands easily to remove Craig's running shorts exposing his 9-inch penis to their world. Craig then removed the small bikini bottom off Vanessa to start playing with her pussy, feeling no hair he realized her pussy was bare. Craig liked feeling a hair-free pussy and mentioned it to Vanessa and Brenda. Vanessa removed Craig's T-shirt. Brenda yelled out that they had to shave themselves bald to wear these bikinis and they trusted he liked the feeling. Craig took Vanessa by her bare ass cheeks and brought her body closer to his 9-inch penis allowing it to touch her bald pussy and being careful not to touch her sunburnt parts.

Brenda told Craig, that if he likes how they feel bald, maybe later they could shave him and Craig said he would consider it for later. Vanessa then went down on her knees to start sucking on Craig's penis while Brenda watched the two enjoy themselves. Brenda wanted Vanessa to be fucked first, since she had Craig by herself during their dive, she would watch and enjoy. Brenda decided to go to her bedroom for her vibrator, she may as well have something in her pussy until Craig and Vanessa are done. 

Craig and Vanessa moved to a lounge chair, lying in a "69" position. Craig started slowly licking the outer lips of Vanessa's bald pussy then licking into her pussy then out then back in avoiding her clit for now, teasing her badly. Based on the blowjob that Vanessa was giving Craig, he knew that she was enjoying his teasing of her pussy. Craig then started to lick and tenderly nip Vanessa's clit at the same time inserting two fingers in the already dripping pussy. Craig felt that he was going to cum so he told Vanessa they had better change positions so he could cum in her wet pussy. Brenda was off to the side watching her cousin and best friend enjoying each other and with the vibrator moving in her pussy and her hand on her clit she was having fun on her own.

Craig entered Vanessa and slowly worked his 9-inch rod into her wet pussy; he wanted this to last for as long as he could. Vanessa was so hot that she pulled, milking him all the way in, Craig's body into her pussy right up to his testicles. She wanted as much of him in her as possible. Vanessa started screaming that she was cuming at the same time Brenda started screaming from the vibrator lodged in her pussy and Craig couldn't take hearing both girls cuming at the same time, he was so turned on that he started to spurt his semen into Vanessa, pumping into her as hard as possible. Vanessa started her orgasm, upon hearing noise from Brenda, looked over to see her friend moving the vibrator in and out of her pussy as fast as she could while seeing Brenda, rub her clit and then her tits to get herself off. Both Brenda and Vanessa both came at the same time. The smell of sex was in the air, Craig's semen mixed with Vanessa's pussy juice and Brenda's pussy juice leaked out from her pussy.

Craig, Vanessa and Brenda decided to all rest together on the lounge chair to re-charge their batteries. Craig knew that he had to have his cousin Brenda next and that Brenda and Vanessa will wind up together and a threesome will be formed. Vanessa asked Craig what he thought of their shaved pussies and Craig told the girls that a hairless pussy is the best kind of pussy. Vanessa then told Craig that she felt that if they were bare, he should be bare also, that Brenda, and her want to shave his groin hair off. Since they never discussed this, Brenda looked at her friend in shock then said to Craig, yea, if your not bald then you will not get any more sex from Vanessa or I the rest of the trip, so Craig agreed to have his dick and groin shaved by these two beauties.

They all got up to go into the bathroom to start the shaving process on Craig. A towel was placed, for Craig to sit, on the toilet seat. Brenda came in with a pair of scissors from the kitchen to start cutting away most of the hair off Craig's groin area. Vanessa got the shaving cream and two razors. Both Vanessa and Brenda started to apply the shaving cream on to Craig's very hard penis, gently shaving away the remaining hair. Both girls even cleaned the hair off the area around Craig's asshole.

Craig was very horny by now, having Brenda and Vanessa shave his penis, so he suggested that they hit the showers together and clean up. Everyone jumped into the shower, with Craig soaping up Vanessa, Vanessa soaping up Brenda and Brenda soaping up Craig. Hands were everywhere, Craig had his finger up Vanessa's pussy, with Vanessa soaping Brenda's 32A tits and Brenda soaping down almost masturbating Craig's penis. Craig could not take the feeling of Brenda rubbing his penis anymore that he started shooting his cum all over Vanessa's back and ass area. Meanwhile Vanessa had a small orgasm off Craig's fingering. Since Brenda did not cum yet, she suggested they dry off to finish their playing in the bed! Vanessa and Craig agreed and left the shower. Brenda went to get her vibrator with some water based lubricant, while Vanessa and Craig dried each other off, then proceeded to the bed.

After watching Vanessa and Brenda on the beach earlier, Craig decided he wanted Vanessa first, so he started kissing her lips, neck, then breasts. Craig gently sucked Vanessa's left tit, right tit, then left tit, then back to her right tit. Meanwhile, Brenda took her vibrator and temporarily placed it in Vanessa's wet pussy then went down to lick her friend's outer lips, then inner lips of her wet and vibrating pussy. Vanessa felt Brenda's tongue wiggle around inside her pussy like a little cock, only so much better, because of the control Brenda had over it. Brenda started to suck on Vanessa's pussy, trying to draw her juices out into her mouth, and then started flicking Vanessa's clit at the same time with her thumb. Both Vanessa and Craig needed to cum real bad, so Craig could mount Vanessa, he had Brenda remove the vibrator and her mouth from Vanessa's pussy, Craig then mounted Vanessa, with her on the bottom and him on top.
