 "Shit!" I snapped quietly as I hid beneath Jenny's bed. I could see through the bed skirt well enough to make out two of her sorority sisters at the door, but not well enough to identify them.

"Come on," one of the sister's was saying. "We're going on a road trip with the pledges." I knew that voice. Kristi was the current pledge mistress. She also happened to be an ex-girlfriend. We dated the year before and had a good time until she started getting a little too serious for me. I broke up with her, and of course she hated me now.

"It's after midnight already!" I heard Jenny say. "Where are we going at this hour?" 

I nodded silently in agreement from my hiding spot. Jenny's sorority had strict rules about everything. The house was supposed to be quiet during the week after eleven. No boys were allowed after ten, thus the reason for my hiding under the bed.

"My boyfriend Tommy's fraternity," the other girl replied with a grin.

"But he doesn't even go to school here!" Jenny did not sound happy.

"I know," the girl said. I still couldn't place her. "There's a competition scheduled between his frat's pledges and ours. We need to leave now if we're going to get there by two."

"Two in the morning?" Jenny complained. "It's Thursday night! I have classes tomorrow."

"Not until three," Kristi smiled. "I checked."

"It's a lab and I have an important paper due," Jenny said. It was the truth. She'd already printed it off and shown it to me.

"You shouldn't have bragged about getting it done early at breakfast this morning," the other girl laughed.

"There is no way you got Wednesday's approval..." Jenny began, but Kristi cut her off.

"It was her idea!" she laughed, sounding almost as surprised as Jenny.

"Look, count me out," Jenny tried to insist. "I don't want to go!"

"Sorry, this is mandatory for pledges and first year sisters unless it interferes with school," Kristi grinned.

"You know," Jenny sighed. "Sometimes I wonder what the difference is between a pledge and a first year sister in this place."

"Oh come on!" the other sister laughed. "It won't be that bad! Tommy's fraternity brothers are fun."

"Okay," I heard Jenny give in. "Just let me get changed and I'll meet you out front."

"Ten minutes!" Kristi grinned. "Oh, and you're one of the drivers!"

"Oh great!" Jenny snapped and slammed the door. I crawled out from my hiding spot.

"You know, I felt really silly hiding under the bed," I said with a shake of my head. "Would it have been so bad to be caught?"

"You know the current president!" Jenny said. "Wednesday's a stickler for the rules."

"And she's not crazy about me either," I sighed. "Two sisters in the whole house who hate my guts and one gets voted president and the other pledge mistress!"

"Wednesday doesn't hate you," Jenny sighed. "Although she wasn't thrilled when you spent half the night teasing her about her name."

"That was over a year ago!" I grumbled. "It was our first weekend on campus and I was drunk!" Jenny shrugged.

"I've got to go," she said, reaching for her coat. "Sorry."

"And just how am I supposed to get out of here without getting caught?" I asked, reaching for her and pulling her close. Jenny was a cute redhead. She didn't have much in the chest area, but her ass was perfect.

We both lived in the same dorm the year before and hit it off pretty well. We never did develop into a couple, but occasionally we got together and had some fun. God, I love college!

Jenny kissed me, but then pushed me away, giggled and added, "That's your problem. Just don't mention my name if you do get caught or it will be another couple of months before we see each other again."

"Hey!" I cried. "This time doesn't count! We didn't get to actually do anything!"

"That's not quite true," Jenny smiled.

"The kissing was nice," I admitted. "But it was leading somewhere that I was looking forward to getting."

"Don't blame me," Jenny laughed. "I was looking forward to it just as much as you!"

"Well, we do have a few more minutes. How about it?" I asked hopefully.

"I am not driving for over an hour in damp underwear!"

"I would think that it's already too late for that," I grinned.

"Pervert!" Jenny snapped.

I shrugged, not really sure why she called me that. I was and she knew it, but she was the one with the damp underwear.

"So, you're just going to leave me here? Like this?" I complained.

"Oh!" Jenny laughed. "I'm sure I'm not the only 'friend' you have to keep you entertained. Why not visit one of the others?"

"I wish!" I said emphatically. Okay, the truth was that there were one or two other girls I used to occasionally visit, but one went to Paris for the semester and the other stopped talking to me about a month ago. I think it had something to do with her new boyfriend.

"Later," Jenny said, turning toward the door. I grabbed her by her hips and pulled her ass back into me. I knew she could feel my cock rubbing against her.

"Are you sure you want to go?" I asked.

"I'm sure I don't!" Jenny moaned. "But it's not like I really have a choice." 

I leaned forward and kissed her neck. "Sure you do," I whispered softly into her ear. Jenny's ears were very sensitive.

"I can't!" she cried, but didn't resist when I continued to nibble on her ear. I reached down and started undoing her skirt. She gasped out, "Stop! We don't have the time!" 

"We'll make the time," I said softly. Jenny was flushed as she bit her bottom lip. I knew I had her. It was true that I was a pervert, but then again, so was Jenny.

"We have to be fast!" Jenny finally gave in. "Kristi will be back soon!" 

I unwrapped her skirt, let it drop to the floor and pushed her underwear down past her ass. I took a moment to drop to my knees and kiss her pussy. It was hot and sticky, just like I expected. Jenny was ready. So was I. 

"Hurry!" Jenny cried nervously. I tasted her one last time before standing and pulling my cock out of my jeans. I rubbed it up and down the length of her pussy once or twice to get the head wet. Jenny stood up on her toes to give me better access. I smiled and pushed in.

"Yes!" Jenny cried on the second stroke. "It's been so long!"

"Hey," I laughed. "You were the one that was too busy for me."

"Just shut up and hurry!" Jenny replied. "I have to go!"

"Okay," I smiled. "But first you have to cum!" Jenny opened her mouth to speak, but she forgot what she was going to say once I started seriously moving. I held her hips tight and pushed in and out of her pussy as fast as I could go. Jenny leaned forward and spread her legs even further. She was using both hands to steady herself on the wall. I reached around her and rubbed her clit with two fingers.

"I'm close!" Jenny moaned as the combination of my cock and fingers did the trick.

"Jenny! Let's go!" I heard Kristi cry from the other side of the door as she pounded on it.

"I'm coming!" Jenny called back, and boy was it the truth! Her body shook with her orgasm! I pushed in and out of her three more times before joining Jenny.

"Yes!" I hissed as my cum filled her pussy.

"What did you say?" Kristi asked from the other side of the door. Both Jenny and I were too busy to answer. "Are you okay? Let me in."

"I'm fine," Jenny finally got out. "I'm getting changed. I just spilled soda on my skirt. I'll be right there!"

"You've got five more minute!" Kristi yelled back, sounding annoyed. I could hear her moving down the hall.

"That was fast thinking," I grinned.

"Jerk!" Jenny said, but she was smiling. She pulled up her underwear and took off her blouse. She saw me watching and quickly snapped, "Don't even think about it!"

"I'd have to be dead not to think about it with you standing there like that," I argued. Jenny laughed as she pulled a pair of jeans from a draw.

"Okay, then think all you like," she said. "But don't touch."

"Aren't you going to change your underwear?" I asked with a grin.

"No time!" Jenny replied, but I knew better.

"Bull!" I teased. "You just like the feel of dirty underwear."

"Don't be silly," Jenny said, quickly pulling on another shirt. "You came in me so much that even if I changed my underwear, they'd be dirty in no time at all."

"Well, that's true," I grinned. Jenny shook her head and grabbed her jacket.

"I'll be back probably around dawn. That means I'll be exhausted. Don't plan on visiting me tomorrow night," she said.

"How about Saturday?" I asked. She looked at me and shook her head again. I had that affect on women.

"We'll see," she said, but I could see the slight smile in her lips. She paused a moment at the door to kiss me.

"Well?" I asked.

"I would like to finish what we started," she admitted with a smile.

"I'll be waiting," I said, and then grinning added, "Actually, if I can't sneak out tonight I may still be right here."

"Don't even kid about that!" Jenny cried. "Get out as quickly as you can and make sure no one catches you!" She was really afraid of the consequences if she was caught with a boy in her room after hours. I wondered what they could possible do to her? 

"Don't worry. I'm leaving," I laughed. "And if I get caught I'll just say I was visiting Kristi. We did date last year you know."

"I know," Jenny shrugged. "But I wouldn't use her as an excuse. I'm pretty sure you'll regret it."

"You got that right!" I said, still laughing.

"Jenny!" we heard Kristi cry from down the hall.

"See you Saturday!" Jenny said, kissing me quickly one last time and then slipping out the door.

"Bye." 

I stood there wondering exactly how I was going to get out of the sorority without someone to make sure the coast was clear.

"Oh well," I said to myself. "At least the pledges and a decent portion of the sisters are off on a road trip."

I needed to wait a little while before slipping out. The sisters left in the house would all be up after the pledge sendoff. I lay down on Jenny's bed. I wasn't really tired, but there wasn't a whole hell of a lot to do in Jenny's room. I was tempted to snoop, but stopped myself. First of all, it was wrong. But more important, Jenny was a friend. I didn't pry into friends' personal stuff.

I surprised myself by nodding off for a while, although it couldn't have been more than fifteen or twenty minutes. It might have been longer, but the sound of someone unlocking the door woke me. I looked around the room quickly, but there was only one place to hide in a room this small. I rolled off the bed and hit the ground hard. So hard in fact, that the air whooshed out of my lung. I gasped as quietly as I could as I scrambled under the bed. It took me a while to catch my breath.

"Okay, Jenny," I heard a voice say. "Where is that paper? Where would you put it?" 

I frowned. I knew the voice. It was Wednesday's. She was the president of the sorority and I guess she had the keys to all of the rooms, but why would she be coming here now? And what paper was she looking for? I heard her tapping at the keyboard to Jenny's laptop for a couple of minutes.

"Aha!" she cried. "Here you are!"

I peaked out from under the bed. There was Wednesday, sitting at Jenny's desk and reading something off of the computer.

"Very interesting results," Wednesday mumbled to herself. "I have to admit, you and that bitch did a good job." I slipped further out from under the bed. It was dangerous, but I couldn't help myself. I had to know what she was reading.

"I'll show you for choosing someone else as a lab partner over your own sorority president!" she said in a nasty voice. She did something on the computer and then laughed. "Now let's see how well you do in lab tomorrow without a paper to hand in!"

"You bitch!" I cried, no longer caring about getting caught. "How could you?" Wednesday didn't scream. My guess is that she was too frightened to even do that. She did however lose all her color and almost fall out of the chair.

"What are you doing here?" she finally said. "Boys aren't allowed in the sorority after ten. If Jenny snuck you in, I'll..."

"You'll do nothing!" I snapped, cutting her off. "I'm thinking that going into a sister's room and deleting stuff off of her computer is way worse than sneaking a boy in after hours."

"It's my word against yours," Wednesday said desperately. "And I'm the president. They'll believe me over you!"

"Not all of them," I replied. "Jenny will believe me."

"So what?" she replied. "That's only one girl and you have no proof."

"Kristi will believe as well," I added. "She knows me well enough to know I wouldn't lie about something like this."

"She hates you! You broke her heart!"

"Maybe, maybe not," I shrugged. "But she won't cover for you against another sister. She's not the type." We stood a moment staring at each other. Wednesday was trying to stare me down. She didn't have any luck.

"Look, what do you want to forget this happened?" she finally asked with a sigh.

"Two things actually," I smiled triumphantly.

"What?" she asked, sounding a little nervous. 

"Move away from the computer and let me see if the paper is recoverable," I said. Wednesday hesitated, but then shrugged and moved. I checked, and then sighed adding, "You know computers. It's gone."

"So now what?" Wednesday asked.

"It's simple really," I smiled and reached for one of the folders on desk. Wednesday watched as I pulled out the paper Jenny showed me earlier.

"Shit! The anal retentive little bitch already printed it out!" the sorority president cursed.

"You know, I think you have anger issues," I grinned. "You might want to see someone about them."

"Go to hell!" she snapped in reply, causing me to laugh.

"Definite anger issues," I said. She looked ready to say something else, but I reached up from the chair and put two fingers on her lips to silence her. She looked at me in surprise.

Wednesday had long dark hair. So long in fact, that it actually touched her ass. She was on the thin side, but she had nice breasts. It was too bad that she tried to hide them with clothes.

"What are you staring at?" she asked as she pushed my fingers away from her mouth. She didn't sound half as angry.

"You know, you are an attractive woman," I replied as I stood. "It's too bad you don't smile more."

"I'm not going to sleep with you just to make sure you don't say anything!" she cried suddenly, but her eyes were darting around. I grabbed her chin gently and leaned forward. She didn't fight me as my lips slowly moved toward hers. I stopped just before they touched.

"Sure you would," I smiled. Wednesday looked at me in confusion. I could see the fire in her eyes. I was tempted, but instead of pressing her on the issue I stepped back and added, "But don't worry. I don't blackmail women into sleeping with me."

"You mean you're not going to..."

"Oh, I'm willing if you want to," I smiled. "But only if you want to."

"Well I don't!" she snapped.

"You're decision," I shrugged. "You're a little thin for my taste anyway."

"Bastard!"

"Wednesday, let's get back to the point," I said, changing the subject. "If you want me to stay quiet about this then the first thing you need to do if retype the paper into the computer."

"What?" she said in surprise. "But that will take the whole night! Besides, she already has a print out."

"Take it or leave it," I shrugged.

"Why?"

"Well, partially in case Jenny wants to make any last minute changes," I replied. "But also so that you'll hopefully learn a lesson."

"You're not my father!" Wednesday complained.

"Just do it!" I snapped back. She looked at me and then sat in the chair.

"You said I had to do two thing earlier," she said carefully, obviously concerned that I still planned to do something bad to her. "What's the second thing?"

"That one is no big deal," I smiled. "You just need to help me slip out of the sorority so that I won't get caught."

"That's it?"

"That's it," I shrugged. Wednesday looked at me for a few moments before finally shrugging and starting to type.

It took her a few hours. It wasn't a short paper. Thankfully, Wednesday was a good typist. I did make one or two corrections before she was done.

"Satisfied?" she asked with a yawn. I looked out the window and saw the sun rising.

"Yes," I nodded. "Now let's go before the others get back."

Wednesday led me to the door. She peaked out and then waved me forward. Of course, we were in the stairwell on our way down when the door on the first floor banged open. Somebody was just stumbling in. I was curious, but not enough to be caught.

I took Wednesday's hand and climbed up the stairs instead of down. Jenny slept on the second floor. That was where all the first year sisters were roomed. The third floor was for the older sisters. Of course, whoever came in was one of the older sisters. She kept climbing after the doorway to the second floor.

This time Wednesday took my hand and we darted into the hall. Halfway down the hallway she opened a door and pushed me in. She barely got the door closed in time. I looked around and realized that I must be in her room. It was larger than Jenny's, but not by a lot.

"Nice room," I said. She looked at me oddly. I'm not sure why. She kept expecting me to be some monster or something, when in fact she was the one who deleted Jennie's paper.

"Thanks."

"So, I guess you're into fantasy?" I asked. Her walls were covered in posters of things like castles and wizards.

"You think?" she said sarcastically, but she was finally smiling.

"Who is your favorite author?" We spent about fifteen minutes discussing some of the books we liked.

"I think it's time to go," I finally said, but she shook her head.

"It's too late," she said. "The girl's lacrosse team has early practice today and five of our sisters are on it. They'll be up already. Plus the pledges are due back any time now." I thought to argue, but I did hear a door or two open down the hall.

"Oh man," I sighed in annoyance. "I'm exhausted."

"Me too," Wednesday said with a yawn. "I've got a class this morning, but it looks like I'm not going to make it."

"How long before you think you'll be able to get me out of here?"

"It probably won't be safe for a couple of hours."

"That settles it," I said with a shake of my head as I flopped down into her bed.

"Hey!" she cried as I kicked off my shoes.

"Come on," I sighed. "We both need some sleep."

"Yes, but..." she began. I wasn't in the mood to argue. I cut her off.

"Look, I'm going to sleep. It's your fault I'm stuck here so I have no intention of sleeping on the floor," I said. "You're welcome to it, or you can share the bed with me."

"I can't do that!" she cried.

"Why not?"

"Well, first of all, I have a boyfriend back home," she said.

"You do?" I asked in surprise. "I thought you hated men?"

"I don't," she replied and fell silent, but then she continued when I remained quiet. "Jack and I have had a lot of problems over the last couple of years and that may have made me a bit unhappy with men in general."

"So dump him?" I suggested with a shrug.

"You don't understand," she replied.

"I guess not," I said. "In either case, I'm too tired to make much sense now anyway. I'm going to sleep." I closed my eyes and was halfway asleep in moments. 

"Move over," Wednesday said as she climbed into bed. "And you'd better not snore!"

I shifted slightly. The bed wasn't very big and I could feel Wednesday trying hard not to touch me.

"Cut that out!" I snapped and then sighed loudly. I lost my patience and pulled her close. "I can't sleep with you so damn edgy. Relax and go to sleep. I promise I won't molest you or tell anyone."

She remained tense for a little while longer, but didn't pull away. I almost sighed when she finally relaxed. I noticed that her hair smelled nice just before falling asleep.
