 I looked hot. No one had to know the dress was from Target, or that I owned exactly one shade of lipstick and one color eyeshadow, or that I normally walked around in a t-shirt and jeans and ugly Skechers. Tonight, I looked hot.

I wasn't sure about going to a swing club. But we were in Las Vegas, and we had a night out on the town by ourselves, and we were itching to try something new.

The club was not at all what I had pictured. This was not a nightclub, with alcohol and smoke and loud music and dancing. This was an entire building dedicated to sex. Rooms full of beds and couches, boxes of tissues everywhere, plenty of opportunities for exhibitionists and voyeurs. The bar sold only soft drinks and condoms. Bad porn played on a loop on the TVs in the common areas.

If you were in this place, it was because you wanted to watch people have sex, or you wanted people to watch you have sex, or you wanted to find other people to have sex with.

The night got off to a slow start. We explored for quite a while, wandering from the main room down various halls to couples-only areas, voyeur sites, orgy rooms, and "private" rooms. Single men followed on the heels of couples like hungry puppies, hoping to get to watch some of the action (or possibly be invited to join in). Most of the other couples there seemed as timid as we were, sitting down somewhere to make out, then getting up and going somewhere else.

As the hours wore on and midnight came and went, the atmosphere became more adventurous. An older, more experienced couple took the center bed in an open (but very dark) room, stripped, and got down to business. Several other visitors sat in couches nearby to watch.

My husband pulled me into his lap on one of the couches and kissed me. He put his hands up my dress and hiked it up far enough to pop my breasts out of my bra and tongue my nipples. Could other people...see? My butt was out, my boobs on display. Another couple sat down right beside us and started making out.

A man in the corner was receiving a subtle blow job from his girlfriend. On one of the leather-padded beds, a woman's high-heel-clad feet dangled beside a man's shoulders as he went down on her.

Sex.

Everywhere.

My husband picked me up and carried me to an empty bed in the corner. He lay me down at the edge and knelt between my feet, pulled my thong out of the way, and set to work on my pussy. Two couples saw what we were doing and sat in chairs nearby to watch.  

Discomfort turned to arousal, and I focused on the feel of the tongue on my clit. My dress was up over my face, and his fingers pinched my nipples. 

All these people. Watching us. I would much rather be watched than watch. Those people weren't up here, on display! But we were. "Look at us! Look how much fun we're having! Don't you want to have fun with us?" I thought.

Then he was kissing my lips, and his cock sought entrance. Now my feet hung beside his hips, my breath came in high-pitched gasps. I would have been louder in private. But I couldn't let go completely. Not with all those people watching.

They were close enough to touch us, right there in our business, almost part of it. Here, a woman giving head. There, hands on breasts and lips locked together.

Sex.

Everywhere.

From my position, I could choose not to see the other people around us. I could look at us in the mirror beside the bed, in a bubble of excitement, where it was just us, having sex like we usually did.

Except we didn't usually have sex in front of other people.

We didn't ever have sex in front of other people!

He came. I didn't. I was still too busy worrying about being watched. But it was so hot. It was. And when we wiped ourselves off and I sat up and saw six people sitting beside our bed, getting off on our little show, I felt powerful, confident.

I fixed my dress, resettled my thong, closed my bra. 

We were done. But the night was still young, and we hadn't gotten what we came for.

We wandered back out to the hall, where a tall man in his 40s stood with his wife, a pretty woman near the same age, wearing a black dress similar to mine. He stuck out his hand. "Hi," he said, in an Australian accent. "I'm Bruce, and this is Susan. Are you having a good time?"

My husband shook his hand. I shook his hand. I shook Susan's hand. My husband shook Susan's hand. "I'm Sam and this is Anna," my husband said.

"It's fun," I said.

"Good." Bruce put his hand in the small of my back. "Have you had a chance to look around?"

"We've been here a few hours," I said.

"Yeah, and have you met anyone?"

"Not yet," Sam said.

"Well, would you like to go somewhere and get to know each other?" Bruce put one arm around Susan's waist and one around mine. "There are some private rooms downstairs."

I looked to my husband. He shrugged. I allowed Bruce to lead us to a "private" room. There was a door that closed, with window at eye level for anyone who might want to watch.

"We've actually never done this before," I confessed, when we had made ourselves comfortable. Relatively comfortable. A little comfortable. I was giddy and nervous and scared and excited but not comfortable. Not comfortable at all.

"First timers! How exciting! We've been doing this about a year." Susan put her hand on my knee. 

We chatted for a few minutes about non-sex-related topics and found Bruce and Susan to be friendly and charming. 

"So why are you here? What are you looking for?" Bruce asked, getting us back on topic.

Sam and I exchanged glances. "I want to watch someone with her," Sam admitted. "And see where that leads."

My cheeks burned. But here, that wasn't taboo. 

"Okay. Would you like to discuss boundaries?" Susan said. "So there's no hurt feelings or regrets in the morning, you know?"

I smiled. They were so sensitive and understanding, respectful. Likeable. 

"We think we want a full swap," I said. "Not a lot of boundaries. Um, condoms, of course."

"Of course," Bruce said. "Well, shall we stay here, or do you want to go to a different room?"

This room was stuffy and kind of small for four people. "What about that other couples-only room upstairs? It was pretty empty before," I offered.

"Sure."

Susan cozied up to Sam and Bruce slung his arm over my shoulders. The place was a warren of side rooms and dark hallways, but we eventually found what we were looking for, a large room with a series of large, curtained, padded platforms. A few single men peeked through peepholes, one hand in their pants. 

Susan pushed Sam down on the padding and kissed him passionately. At the same time, Bruce leaned in and put his lips to mine. 

I was kissing a man who wasn't my husband, and it was...okay. Nice, even. Oh! There's his tongue. Hands running up and down my back, across my chest.

"Shall we take this off?" he asked, tugging at my dress. I unzipped it, and he helped me lift it over my head. "Mm," he grunted. Then my bra was off, and I was almost naked in front of these people I'd met 20 minutes ago, and he was touching me all over, and I liked it. Oh yes I did.

Bruce stopped to take off his jacket and shirt. I stole a look at what Sam and Susan were doing. Susan was down to her lingerie and Sam's shirt was off. She was straddling him, and he was stroking her breasts while she kissed his face, his neck. Sam saw me watching and smiled.

"Her boobs are so soft," he said. He looked at Susan. "Can she?"

"Yes, of course."

I reached over and touched the soft skin of her exposed breasts. I'd never touched another woman's breast before. I felt her nipple contract under my palm and a corresponding spurt of wetness between my legs.

"Her nipples are lovely," Susan commented, smiling at me.

"She likes having them sucked on," Sam told Bruce. I mock-frowned at him. "Just trying to help!" He laughed, and then Susan's lips were on his again.

Bruce guided my hand to his pants, where I could feel his cock hardening. 

"You're having an effect on me," he murmured. He cupped my breasts, sucked my nipples. Holy crap this was so wrong and so right and was I really allowed to do this? To let another man fondle me, kiss me, put his hands - oh! He was lowering my thong, stroking my pussy with his palm. 

"Unngh," I groaned. 

Sam was apologizing for something. "We just fucked. I might not be able to." I looked and saw his pants were off, and Susan was bent over him, bobbing up and down enthusiastically. 

Then Bruce's pants were off, and his cock was out and hard and pointed at me! I'd never seen one that big in person.

Truth be told, I'd never seen any cock in person but my husband's.

"She's never had sex with anyone but me," Sam said.

I giggled nervously.

"So this is really a first for you," Bruce said, returning his attention to my pussy. He fingered me. "You're so wet!" he exclaimed. I was. So wet. 

Bruce watched his wife going down on my husband. "Would you do a little blow job?" he asked.

"Sam says I'm pretty good at this." Why did I say that? I was so fucking nervous and so fucking aroused, and were we really all four of us naked together on this platform with all those men watching us and stroking off to our exhibition? 

I couldn't take him into my mouth very far. His dick was so long and thick, curved upward toward me. I put my hand around it, my lips on the head. Just a few inches, with so many more to go, and I pulled back up, sucking lightly.

"Mmhm," Bruce murmured. 

A few more, and I heard Susan moaning as Sam sucked and played with her nipples, caressed her ass. What a lovely ass she had, too. So white and round. He fingered her, and she pressed herself into him.

Bruce pushed me back onto the cushions beside my husband and his wife, and opened my legs, put on the condom he produced from his jacket pocket. Then he went in, slowly, as far as he could. He filled me up and then some.

"Aaaah," I sighed. I could take him, all of him. His cock rubbed against every inch of me. My pussy contracted around him, trying to close, trying to feel him everywhere, welcoming him.

"How does it feel to have another man's cock inside you?" Bruce asked.

I smiled. "Feels nice," I said.

"Yeah? You like that?"

I stretched my hand up behind me and someone took it. Sam entwined his fingers with mine. Susan had mounted him and was riding him, head thrown back, breasts thrust out. Sam held my hand tightly, fondled Susan with his other hand.

"Now how about you turn around so you can watch them," Bruce said, and pulled out.

He leaned me over the cushion the other way, pushed into me from behind. I couldn't take as much this way, at this angle, but now my face was close to Sam's, and we kissed while Bruce fucked me hard and Susan ground her pelvis into my husband's.

"This is so fucking hot," Sam whispered.

Then Bruce was groaning, and I was moaning, and Susan was gasping and Sam was grunting. I held Sam's hand and let Bruce pound me with that huge cock, and listened to Sam cum and watched Susan gyrate in ecstasy.

A sound in my throat, "hngh, hngh, hngh," with every thrust and his cock hit my g-spot and Sam squeezed my nipple and I came, too, just a little shiver and a explosion of breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding.

And then it was over. Holy fuck. Holy fuck holy fuck holy fuck.

"You okay?" Susan asked me, and I smiled at her, and she kissed me gently on the lips.

"I'm good," I said. "Really good. Thank you."

"Had a nice first time, did you?" Bruce asked.

And we got dressed and we hugged and maybe we'll see you again next time you're in Vegas, and then we were leaving into the cold winter night and it was 2:30 in the morning and 39 degrees and I was wearing this skimpy dress. And Bruce and Susan were walking ahead of us, Bruce's arm around Susan's shoulders, and Susan's arm around Bruce's waist, and they kissed and then got into their car.

"Did you have fun?" Sam asked.

"Holy crap!" I said. "When can we come back?"