 This is a fictional account with everyone over eighteen.

***************************

On Wednesday morning, I arranged the holiday weekend kick-off party for that night with Zach and Pete like Penny asked. We were all to meet at Anna's garage by seven. The guys were enthused to say the least and said they would bring the booze. I told them to bring swimsuits too. Then I arranged everything with Anna and she told Penny. 

I was looking forward to the long holiday weekend. Doing the fields for sports was getting old, even with Zach and me switching park locations like we did all the time. I could use a break, and a week off would feel nice. I still didn't have a response from Anna if she could make the shore; I hoped to get the answer tonight. 

After work, I showered and took a short nap. Over dinner, Mom and Dad laid out the remaining plans for the weekend. We were going to leave early the next morning, so we were advised not to stay out too late. When asked if Anna was coming, I told them I hoped to know that tonight. My mother said we'd had room in the car and the house to squeeze her in if she did. I'd seen my dad putting the car-top carrier on the SUV the day before so there was plenty of room for luggage. We didn't need much. My uncle's place was well equipped with chairs, sheets, and towels. We just had to leave everything as we found it. 

I didn't walk out the side door until I saw Zach and Pete arrive exactly at seven. I met them right in front of Anna's garage. Zach was carrying a paper bag and Pete had a cooler. We went right in the side door of Anna's garage, made our way around her mother's car inside, and climbed the stairs. At first, I wasn't sure if we had beat Penny and Anna there, but soon we could hear music playing softly from above. 

The girls were setting out bowls of chips and pretzels when we ascended the stairs. After greetings and kisses around, we broke out the booze. I immediately noticed how much friendlier Penny was toward the guys and even me these days. The sofas were basically two seaters; three could fit if you crunched together. Anna and I sat down on one, and Pete sat on the other after handing out beers from the cooler. Penny was helping Zach pour shots from the bottle of Jaegermeister he somehow got. When they were finished, she sat on his lap next to Pete.  

"Bottoms up," Zach said and we all drank a shot. Most took a sip of beer afterwards to sort of wash it down. 

"Where'd you get the Jaegermeister?" I asked.

"My cousin helped me buy the booze," Zach stated.

"Nice," I replied.

We talked about our work at the park district. Pete had worked there too, so he knew all the people we gossiped about. The place was like a company where everyone talked about the others. As we drank, we laughed and joked about all the people and different things that happened over the summer so far. A half hour in, we'd all had three shots, and were on our second or third beer. The conversation got louder as the booze started to work. 

Anna had moved closer to me so there was plenty of room on the couch for Penny if she wanted, but she seemed content to stay seated on the couch between Zach's legs. She'd moved there to let Zach get more comfortable on the couch. I noticed his hands were rubbing her back. I also noticed she wasn't wearing a bra and her hair was in pigtails like Anna's. As we talked, Penny moaned softly as Zach massaged her back. 

I could feel my dick starting to respond as Anna casually leaned into my side and had her hand and left arm running the length of my inner right leg. Her elbow, careless on purpose, pressed into my groin caused most of my present swelling. I was just getting used to the buzz from the drinks when Penny jumped up. I noticed her cute little braless tits, that I liked so much, jiggle provocatively as she moved. 

"Hey...let's play Twister," Penny suggested. 

"The game is home," I said.

"Could you get it?" Penny pleaded.

"Alright," I said, shifting to stand as Anna moved off me. 

Fortunately, I wasn't hard enough for a little more than normal bulge in the front of my shorts. Penny's eyes seemed to notice anyway and she gave me a knowing smile. As I left, I heard something I wasn't too keen about. 

"Why don't we play strip Twister," Penny proposed.

"Yeah," Anna added. 

"How?" Pete asked and then I was out of earshot.

I hurried home to grab the game. I was back in the garage about ten minutes later. The others had already moved a few things to open space to play on the carpeted floor. Zach was pouring more shots, which took most of the rest of the bottle. I handed the game to Penny and slumped back into the couch. Anna and Pete were handing out beers. 

Penny explained the new rules to the game she just made up. No shoes and socks allowed. If you were called to put your hand or foot on a blue circle, you had to first remove an article of clothing. You then returned to your previous pose and tried to move to the blue circle. Also, if someone fell, which meant they were out of the game, they had to remove one more article as a loser. 

I quickly agreed to sit out the first game as the spinner. I wasn't keen on Twister or the whole idea, but everyone else seemed happy to play. After a series of spins, everyone was draped over everyone else. Zach and Pete were the only ones who drew blue circles, and both were bare-chested now. Penny drew the next blue, discarded her shirt, and stretched with her tits right in front of Pete to reach the blue circle. She had to twist at an odd angle to keep all her spots on the mat. Her legs were split and I could see right up the leg of her skimpy shorts. I caught glimpses of pink underwear covering her snatch. 

Anna was next and she got blue too. She stood to remove her equally small shorts, exposing a light blue thong. This was definitely another aspect to this new game I didn't like -- that Anna was bare to both Pete and Zach. She didn't seem to mind at all, but I did. Feeling like she was still my girl, I wasn't interested in her being naked with these guys. It was fine for Penny, if she wanted, but not Anna. Anna resumed her position and with the new stretch to the blue circle, her naked ass was rubbing against Zach's bare shoulder and only inches from his face. 

The next spins for the guys were not blue, but Zach fell trying to reach a yellow. He dropped his shorts as punishment. It wasn't too difficult to tell that his cock was pretty stiff in his boxers as he sat out. Pete made his move, but his crotch was right in Penny's face now, and bent as he was his stiffness showed in his shorts. 

The next move was Penny's and she drew blue again. She threw off her pants and tried to stretch to one of the last blues. Her shorter body made it difficult, but her athleticism paid off, and she flipped over like a crab on all fours. She managed to reach all her spots, but the strain to her muscles was obvious. So was the shape of her puffy pussy as her pink thong was pulled taut over her sex. 

Anna's next move wasn't blue, but even with Zach out of the game there was little room to move to the red circle she needed. She tried her best, but the stretch was too far, and she fell. When she stood laughing and puffing from the exertion of trying, she pulled her top off. I thought Pete was going to lose his balance right then as he strained to get his first good look at Anna's bare tits. I didn't need to look to hear Zach shift positions on the other couch. 

The game was down to Penny and Pete. Penny only had her thong on while Pete still had his shorts on. I spun for Pete's turn and hit red. He moved to it easily and it was Penny's turn again. A blue spin and she would be playing naked. It was yellow, which actually helped her tired muscles as she reached it easy with her foot and improved her balance too. Pete's turn was yellow also, but the reach meant he had to basically be under Penny on the mat. To keep off the mat himself, he had to push up on Penny's back with his back. It unbalanced Penny a little, but she hung in there. 

The next spin for Penny was blue. She stood up to remove her thong, while the brief rest helped relieve her tired arms. Penny draped her thong on Pete's head. She laughed as she retook her previous position and reached for the blue, but this time she was face down on all fours. Her naked body pressed down on Pete as she stretched to all her spots. Her cute tits pressed into his back. Pete strained hard to keep himself up. His weight made his arms quiver, and a little added weight from Penny caused him to nearly falter. From where Anna and I sat on the couch, Penny's pussy was totally on display. The erotic sight and Anna's squeezing hand had my cock lengthening. 

"Oh, shit...hurry and spin, Dave," Pete exclaimed with a straining voice.

I did and the color was red. Pete had to move his foot to the red which further unbalanced him, especially with Penny's extra weight on top of him. He held for a few seconds, but just as I spun blue for Penny, he collapsed with her on top of him. They were laughing even as they were both breathing heavily.

All of Penny had been on display for everyone for a few minutes now. Pete removed his shorts and his obvious hard-on pressed the front of his briefs into a tent. 

"Wow...I think someone likes this game," Penny said reaching for him.

"Well, what do you expect a guy to feel with your tits pushing into his back," Pete tried to defend himself with a laugh.

Penny closed her hand over his bulging underwear and pulled him to her. She leaned in and kissed him hard as her fingers held him by his covered dick. I marveled at how comfortable she appeared, naked in front of everyone. It didn't seem to bother her at all.

Anna got up next to me and said, "Congratulations, Penny. You're the winner, naked and all!" 

Penny took a bow as I looked at Anna in just her skimpy thong. Zach and Pete's eyes couldn't decide which girl to watch more. I decided to get up and retrieve Anna's clothes and handed them to her. She looked at me for a second, but then took them. I think she noticed the less than amused expression on my face.

"I have to pee," Anna announced as she started to dress.

Making no move to dress, Penny, Pete and Zach were already finishing the last of the Jaegermeister and grabbing new beers as Anna took my hand and led me down the steps. I followed her lead all the way around the back of the garage to the usual pee spot. We both went simultaneously without conversation, but then instead of going back, Anna pulled me into the shed. 

"What's up?" Anna said.

"What do you mean?"

"That look you gave me upstairs when you handed me my clothes. What was that?"

"I guess I didn't like you undressed in front of the guys."

"It was just a game."

"I know, but I just didn't like you naked in front of them."

'Oh...I think I see. Ok, sorry."

"It's ok," I lied.

"I'll make it up to you," Anna claimed as she pulled her shirt off. "Get undressed."

I did as she said, but she beat me to it. She finished by helping me remove my boxers. My cock had subsided, but it started to rise as she took it in her hand. Anna pulled me down by the neck until our lips met. We kissed hard, but not with the same passion it seemed as usual. Her hand pumped on my cock, getting it hard, while we began to kiss with more passion. Her active tongue returned and I tried to battle her back. 

When my cock was fully erect, Anna just spun around and presented her beautiful ass to me. She leaned over her father's lawn tractor as I moved behind her. I positioned my cock to enter her and found her tight and not yet wet enough to be completely prepared. I'm not sure why I did it. Maybe it was passion, maybe it was what I thought she wanted, or maybe it was something else entirely, but I grabbed both of her pigtails and shoved hard. 

"Ugh," escaped Anna's lips as I shoved again.

I pulled back on her hair, bending her neck back towards me, as I drove more cock into her.

"Ahh," Anna gasped, but said nothing.

She felt incredibly tight. She might want me to think she hadn't fucked since we did it before she went to the mall, but I knew better. I knew she'd fucked many more guys that day at the mall, which caused her soreness the next couple of days. Maybe this was payback for her probable infidelity to me.

I thrust hard again, making Anna grunt with the force as my cock opened her completely to me. I started into a good rhythm right away. Her pussy began to answer though, and soon my thrusts were easier and easier. I pulled her hair and pounded her poor pussy, waiting for some sign of weakness or emotion on her part. All she did was take everything I gave her. 

My cock felt like a steel bar as I drove deep into her. My cockhead battering her insides as deep as it would go. The sounds of wet fucking filled the small shed. It was quite dark inside as the sun was setting outside. I let go of one of her pigtails only long enough to grab the pull chain for the overhead bulb. The illumination bathed the little room and I could see a wet sheen developing on Anna's back as I fucked her hard. My body felt the same, as effects of the enclosed summer warmth of the shed and the effort of our screwing became apparent. 

I fucked her like that for what seemed a long time. My cock didn't feel the immediate need to cum. I was like a machine, pounding her poor pussy. Anna had cum at least two times when I finally felt my balls beginning to churn with ready hot seed. I brought her to another huge orgasm just before my dick painted her insides with sperm. My cock felt like it had expanded twofold as I pumped a huge load into her. Anna's loud moans seemed to match my labored grunts as my cock finished spasming deep inside her.

As I came down from my orgasm I realized my hands still held her hair. I immediate released her and she slumped over the tractor hood. I stepped back, drawing my cock from her like a cannon from an old time ship's hull. Her splayed open pussy flowed white with our combined fluids. A puddle began to form on the shed floor. Anna didn't move for what seemed a very long time. I just watched her breathing return to normal and her now slowly leaking cunt.

"Wow...that was great," Anna finally said without even turning to face me. "I think you are bigger...at least you feel that way."

"I'm not sure what got into me," I confessed at last.

"What? Whatever it was do it again," she said with a weak smile as she turned.

"I'm not sure I can right now."

"Need some help, babe?" Anna wickedly smiled. Her tongue traced in circles wetly around her parted lips.

"Huh...you ready for more so soon?"

"You know I can't get enough of this big dick," Anna said, stepping to me and grabbing it.

Her hand used the wetness on my cock to easily slide back and forth as we heard voices outside. We both remained motionless to listen, except for Anna's softly stroking hand. 

"They're in the shed no doubt," I heard Penny say. 

"I've never seem a girl pee before," I heard Pete answer.

"Get down here closer," Penny replied with a laugh.

"Cool," Pete commented. 

"Ok...ready for round two?" Penny finally said.

"You bet. I'm not sure Zach can handle it though. I think you rode his cock half off."

"You haven't seen anything yet...let's go. Wait...Fuck her harder, Davey," came a giggling whisper through the side of the shed.

When they were gone, Anna looked up into my eyes. Her smile and the twinkle in her eyes said she was definitely ready for more, just as Penny was. Her hand had managed to start bringing life back to my dick. She smiled wickedly as she knelt down.

Anna's lips engulfed my semi-soft appendage and began working it back and forth in her mouth. Her hands remained on her knees as she just used her talented mouth. Her lips pressed firmly into the spongy flesh of my cock as she worked me deep into her mouth. The wonderful sensations to my cock were incredible. It quickly lengthened in her mouth causing her to back off a little. However, once she had me fully hard, her mouth descended lower, taking more and more of me. Her hands pulled me to her by my legs and balls.

"Oh, god...that's so good," I finally gasped.

"Mmm," Anna just moaned with her mouth full.

She had a deep stroke rhythm going that took me deep into her throat on each pass. It felt like I was fucking her hot wet pussy again. I grabbed her pigtails and added a little hair pulling to match her rhythm. She groaned for what I took as approval.

Anna backed off to take a moment's rest, but only to say to me, "That's it, David, fuck my mouth. I love that."

Swallowing me again, Anna returned to the same rhythm she had before. However, this time I pulled her hair a little harder until her throat started to emit loud gulping sounds. I concentrated on Anna's face looking for signs I was too rough. I saw none other than the furrows on her forehead and the redness of her face. We were both sweating again, too.

I would have liked nothing better than to keep going and cum down Anna's throat. The sensations her mouth and swallowing throat caused to my cock were unbelievable. Passing on fucking her mouth to completion took a lot of strength, but I remembered that earlier she had wanted me to fuck her again. I pulled away from her tenacious mouth.

"What's the matter?" Anna gasped.

"Nothing, Beautiful, but didn't you want this guy in your pussy again."

"Oh god, yes. How do you want me? Not many choices in here. Sure you don't want to go back into the garage?" she asked.

"No."

"Ok. Don't want to embarrass the other guys with your equipment?" Anna asked with a smile and lovingly soft slap at my big pointing erection.

"Well...maybe that too," I agreed with a grin of my own.

"So...over the tractor again?"

"Can you lie down on top of it?"

"Not the most comfortable, but maybe I can."

I helped Anna lie flat on her back so her legs were hanging off the front of the tractor. The tractor cover groaned a little, but held fast. I put Anna's legs up on my shoulders and entered her easily, quickly sinking deep into her. She smiled with the fullness and moaned her appreciation. I establish a good stroke immediately.

"God, I love your cock in me," Anna effused aloud.

"Me too."

"Mmm...you feel great to my clit in this position."

"Hold on," I said and increased my pace.

"Oh," Anna cooed, and encouraged me with her hands on my hips. "Fuck that pussy, Babe. Make it yours." 

The tractor creaked loudly like an old bed. The thought of breaking her father's tractor by fucking his daughter on top of it almost made me laugh out loud. Anna saw my smile despite the exertion we were both feeling and asked.

"What's so funny?"

"I was just hoping we didn't break the tractor. The reason would be hard to explain to your dad?"

"Ha-ha," Anna laughed as well as she could with me fucking the shit out of her pussy. "That would indeed be interesting."

My dick could take a lot of stimulation since I'd cum once already. Anna had two quick orgasms and was in the throes of another before I felt the first twinges of bliss caress my balls. I drove as hard as I could into her without needlessly hurting her. Her pussy emitted squishy wet noises and felt like a squeezing hand as she worked her muscles on my cock. I watched her tense face go to exquisite pleasure as her climax tore through her in delicious waves. Her trembling body went limp once more as I continued to fuck her.

Anna was always the most beautiful to me, but at no time was she more beautiful than when she looked at me after a good cum. Despite the perspiration on her face, which matted several strains of brown hair to her forehead, the soulful look of contentment in her soft brown eyes always got to me. It was at moments like this that my love for her was complete.
