 Manny finished with Kim and left, feeling exhausted and needing some sleep. He just left his recurring erections alone, since he had a busy day the next day, bringing in some men to help him spread the news about Cream.

As she lay on that bed alone in his basement for the next ten hours, she noted how her head wasn't swimming as much as it had been when he was fucking her. Her vision was less blurry, too, and the tingling all over her body was now more like a soft massage.

She quickly realized she was still completely naked, and as she looked around, her eyes focusing more and more, she saw no clothes of hers anywhere. Where was she? This dark room didn't look at all familiar; and she shuddered when she saw a camera pointed at her from the corner of the room just over the door. How did she get here?

Was that a dream she'd had, of her getting it in the pussy, ass, and mouth of her dad? How awful that, at the time, she'd seemed to be enjoying it. It was like how, back during her teen years when her father had been sexually abusing her, he tricked her into thinking she was enjoying it as much as he was. (Daddy had always used gas-lighting tactics to keep her in control. Bastard!) What a horrible dream!

The door opened, making her jump and yelp, and in came twitching Manny with a tray of food. He placed it on the bedside table.

"How is my Kim today?" he asked, smiling. "What, sweetie, all moping?"

"I'm cold," she said. "Where are my clothes?"

"Clothes?" he asked. "What clothes? You don't need clothes. I've seen every inch of you, HAD every inch of you. You've nothing to hide from me. Eat up. This hot meal will warm you up. Aren't you hungry?"

"Yes, of course. Did you kidnap me?"

"No, of course not. You wanted to come here. You've enjoyed every minute of your stay, as you'll continue to."

Manny's words reminded her of her dad's gas-lighting denials.

"Cheer up, my Commodity. Here, love, you see how diligent I am, to prepare your meal myself, and bring it to you. I am sure, sweet Kim, this kindness merits thanks."

She frowned at him, in spite of her gnawing hunger.

"What, not a word?" Manny asked with a twitch. "Then you don't like this 100% vegan dish, even though I remember you saying that's what you like to eat. And all my pains are for nothing. OK, I'll take away this dish."

"No, let it be," she said, reaching for a celery stalk.

"Good. Eat up," he said. "We have a busy day up ahead." 

Busy day? she wondered with a sneer. What has he got planned for me? Still, I can't ignore my hunger.

He smiled as he watched her wolf her meal all down, her hunger forcing her to ignore table manners. She looked at the glass of milk beside the dish, hesitating before reaching for it.

"It's soy milk," he said.

"Good," she said, but before drinking from it, she first took a bit from a carrot, and thought about how she'd get out of this place. She couldn't try to escape just yet, since whatever drugs he'd given her hadn't fully worn off. She didn't remember, however, how she'd lost control. She never drank anything in his presence, nor did he give her any drugs in the VIP room...none that she knew of, anyway.

Didn't he rub some kind of lotion on her? That seemed to have been the last thing she could remember. But drugs don't come in a lotion form, do they? Would Griff come and rescue her later, since he was Manny's brother? She could only hope so.

She picked up the glass of soy milk and took a huge swig of it. 

"Good," he said. "Drink it all up."

Instantly, the tingling returned. Indeed, that soy milk tasted...rather...Creamy.

She saw bright lights again, all around her, and Manny's face went blurry. Her mind went blank, bringing her back into a dream world, quickly making her forget where she was and what had just happened. Her horny, heavy breathing returned. 

"Come, Commodity," Manny's voice, now sounding as if put through heavy reverb and distortion, was heard to say. "It's time you had a shower." He took her by the hand and led her up the stairs to the bathroom on the first floor. "I'll be having guests over soon, so we'd better hurry up and get you clean and ready for them."

She stepped into the bathtub. He turned on the water.

"I gotta pee," she sighed.

"They'll be here soon," he said, switching on the shower head and spraying warm water all over her body. "Just squat and pee down the drain. You don't have to crap, do you?"

"No," she said, squatting and squirting out the first drops of yellow.

"Good. I'm in a bit of a hurry here." He continued getting the water all over her body as she was pissing a straight, golden line between her feet and into the drain. "You look so pretty when you piss." He sniffed at it. "I even like the smell."

The last few drops of yellow juice came dripping out, and she stood up.

He handed her a bar of soap. She lathered it up and began rubbing it on herself. Immediately, she began feeling much hornier. Eager for more pleasure, she frantically rubbed the lather of the soap, with Cream mixed into it, on every pore of her skin, from head to toe. Though Manny didn't want any Cream on himself, he sure enjoyed watching this beautiful naked girl getting herself hot.

She rubbed it on her breasts, getting her nipples as erect as his cock, which pushed uncomfortably against his zipper...not that he minded, of course. She next got the Creamy soap on her arms, belly, thighs, and hips.

She lathered her pussy, sighing and squealing the whole time. She got it all over her buttocks, crack, and anus.

"Clean inside, too," he said, ogling her crotch. "Don't forget."

"Yeah," she moaned, lathering deep inside her vagina.

"Your rectum, too," he said, turning her around so he could see.

"OK." She dug a soapy finger deep into her asshole.

"Good," he said, rinsing her off. "The Cream will have already seeped deep inside your body, so rinsing you off won't take away from its effectiveness. Now, soap up your legs and feet. Get it in between your toes, too."

She bent over and did so, Manny admiring her ass as she did.

He rinsed her off and said, "OK, now soap up your face and hair. The soap can double as shampoo."

"OK," she sighed; and as she got the lather on her face, breathing in the Creamy fumes, she became so disoriented that she almost fell, except Manny caught her by the arm. He quickly rinsed her off, turned off the water, and got her out of the bathtub.

He rubbed her dry with a large, thick towel. She was staggering the whole time, grinning and giggling.

Then, the doorbell rang.

"They're here," Manny said, smiling. "Perfect timing. OK, just sit on the toilet, don't crap or anything, and I'll bring you out for these gentlemen to see in a minute."

He left the washroom, closed the door to keep her a surprise for his guests, and opened the front door for them.

"Come on in," he said to three men in their thirties, all of whom went with Manny into his living room with grins of expectation. "I'm glad you all could make it today. You won't be disappointed, I promise."

"So, what is this great money-making scheme you have?" the first man asked.

Manny picked up a small jar with a yellowish lotion inside. "This, Mr. Mayor, is my invention, Cream," he said proudly. "I've been working on it for years and years, and now it's perfect."

"What does it do?" asked the second man, who was wearing a black policeman's uniform.

"My original plan, Officer Cole, was for it to slow down the aging process," Manny said. "And it does, beautifully. A full coat of this on, say, a twenty-year-old woman, all over her body, will keep her looking twenty until she's about fifty before aging resumes; so at the age of fifty-five, she'll look twenty-five."

"Really?" asked the third man. "Got proof of that?"

"Yes, Ron," Manny said. "I'll show you video of my experiments on animals, as well as all my research papers later, and you'll see the proof then. I've also used Cream on myself. Would you believe I'm actually 38 years old?"

"No," Ron said with a sneer. "You don't look a day over 23."

"Well, I coated myself with Cream on my 22nd birthday," Manny said. "On the coffee table, you'll see my birth certificate; there you can verify my real age."

"Holy shit!" the mayor said, reading the year of his actual birth on the certificate. "He really is 38. This birth certificate is no fake. My cousin works in an office that issues them. This is exactly what they look like, and how they're made. Manny couldn't have faked this one."

"My original slogan was going to be, 'One coat equals twenty years of lovin', because with one coat of Cream all over your body, or your lover's, you'll be lovin' her for at least twenty years longer than normal," Manny said.

"So that's it?" Officer Cole asked. "We'll get rich off the Fountain of Youth? You said there were potential legal dangers that the mayor and I could protect us from. How is Cream a crime?"

"Because I discovered side effects from the result of my 22nd birthday experiment," Manny said. "Cream made me horny."

"Really?" Ron asked, grinning.

"Yes," Manny said. "The more I rubbed on myself, the hotter I got...and I mean, lose-all-self-control hot. I had a boner that lasted hours. After blowing my load, I'd get another boner right away. And I thought: what if this were used on girls...really hot-looking girls that normally would never even talk to me?"

"So, it's like the date-rape drug?" the mayor asked.

"Yeah, but I needed to make it better, because the memory of any sex does come back a little. Cream needed to make the girls hallucinate so they wouldn't know who'd had them. So I incorporated elements of hallucinogens like LSD and ecstasy, among others. I also figured out how to make Cream sterilize sperm and even kill germs, bacteria, and viruses on contact; so you can fuck girls-or guys, if you're into that-without a condom. No getting her pregnant, no AIDS, no herpes, no clap."

"This sounds too good to be true," Officer Cole said.

"I'll show you all my proof in the video of my experiments, and in the writings of my research later, after the demonstration I'm about to show you," Manny said. "And now, let me show you Cream's effectiveness for getting the ladies." He rushed over to the nearby bathroom. Out came Kim with him, and they came into the living room. 

The men's jaws dropped.

"Gentlemen, I give you the Commodity," Manny said.

Their eyes poured all over her delicious nakedness, from the stoned expression on her face, to her large, naturally hanging breasts, to her shaved pussy, down to her bare feet. Manny turned her around so they could see her perfectly round bottom. She saw a brightly coloured, blurry room that seemed to move in waves. The four men looked to her like her father and three ex-boyfriends.

"She's hot," Ron panted.

"She's high as a kite," Officer Cole said.

"And she's mine," Manny said. "By rubbing Cream all over her body, I've mixed my labour into her. So she's my property."

"Fair enough," the mayor said. "But how does she feel about all this?" 

"She's perfectly OK about it," Manny said. "Cream makes her horny, so she is consenting. It's all perfectly voluntary, gentlemen."

"Sounds good to me," Officer Cole said.

"You see, this commodity," Manny said, holding his jar of Cream up for them to see, "just like this lovely Commodity standing beside me, could have their value solely in their use to me. But I see a better value in them: a value of exchange for money. Hence, my business proposition to you. I could have just used Cream to rub on her and fuck her three holes every day for the rest of my happy, horny life; but I see a huge profit potential in her, her exchange-value. That, gentlemen, is REAL value."

"How rich do you think we'll get?" Ron asked.

"Well, think of all the men out there who'd love to have Cream to get any woman, or women, they want," Manny said. "How much money do you think they'll be willing to pay to have their wildest sexual fantasies come true? How rich do YOU think we'll get, Ron?"

"Millionaires?" the mayor asked. "Billionaires?"

"Beyond even that," Manny said. "As our profit accumulates, we'll centralize our power and have political influence. Bribe cops and politicians with Cream; instead of them investigating us for all the missing women we'll be hearing about in the news pretty soon, we can bring the cops and politicians in on the game. Pretty soon, we'll be running the country."

"And what about when we run out of women?" Ron asked. "Women in Ontario aren't a limitless supply, you know, especially the desirable ones."

"We'll get women from elsewhere, of course," Manny said, amazed at Ron's lack of vision. "Women from the other provinces, American women, European women, Thai women, Cambodian women, you name 'em, we'll get 'em."

"Asian women," Ron moaned. "I love Asian women."

"Oh, by the way," Manny warned, "those women we get, we can't let 'em go. If we free them, the Cream will wear off soon enough; then there's the possibility that, after so many fucks with the same men, their otherwise vague memories of what we did will be strong enough, by sheer repetition of the experiences, for them to name us and bring us up on charges."

"But with our money and political influence, we should be able to fend such trouble off, right?" Officer Cole asked.

"If we keep things under control as I've advised, we should," Manny said. "Also, when you fuck the girls, don't ever hurt them. Never. Not even once. Pain makes the effects of Cream wear off. The more pain or discomfort, or the more prolonged the pain, the more she'll come to, and then start resisting. You don't want that."

"Got it," Ron said.

"Really," Manny said. "I once experimented with Cream, swung my leg in a kicking motion, and accidentally whacked my leg into a door. It hurt like fuck, and totally brought my consciousness back to normal. Never hurt the girls if you want to keep control over them."

"OK," the mayor said.

"Now, putting a little Cream on your dicks is a good idea, to get you Viagra-hard," Manny said. "But don't put too much on your skin. You especially don't want to rub it all over yourself, no matter how good it feels: you'll lose control, as my lovely Commodity has, over here." Kim was swaying and staggering still, Manny needing to hold her arm to keep her from falling on the floor. "And if you get Cream on your face, in your nose or ears especially, you'll be tripping out in a really problematic way."

"I've never known tripping out to be problematic," the mayor said. "Look at her: she's enjoying herself."

"Yeah, but something happens to you that will be bad for our business," Manny warned. "You'll feel empathy for others, a kind of connectedness with everything and everyone around you. I felt it a bit that last time I tried Cream. An almost mystical feeling, as though nothing was separating me from my surroundings. Ego death. Weird."

"How's that a problem?" asked Ron. "Sounds like a good trip."

"You might start caring about the girls, feeling their fears, and then you'll free them," Manny said. "And goodbye, profits! Hello, jail! That's the problem, Ron! The empathic feelings must come from the LSD and ecstasy, among other things, that I synthesized with the Cream formula. I added it to make the girls more cooperative with the sex, to make them want it as much as we do. If they feel our horniness, they'll want to fuck us. For my part, though, I hate empathy: feeling it is bad for business."

"Well, I say we get into it-er, into her, rather," the mayor said with a chuckle as he got off his chair to approach Kim.

"Yeah," grunted Officer Cole as he approached her.

"No condoms needed, eh?" Ron asked, unzipping his pants.

"Nope," Manny said. "Cream kills all germs, bacteria, and viruses on contact, as I mentioned before. And remember: be gentle with her; pain snaps her out of it." He held out the jar of Cream for them. They each dipped their fingers into it and rubbed some on their already-exposed, partially-hard dicks. "Don't use too much. Only a little on the underside. Rub the rest on her holes, to lube her up and make her want you all the more."

Manny got Kim on the floor on all fours, then spread her legs out and pushed her ass out so her asshole and pussy were showing. Ron got on the floor on his back, slid under her, and aimed his cock for her vagina. He put a pillow under his ass to raise him up. 

Officer Cole stood before her mouth, pointing his dick at her opening lips. She looked up at him with a smile, which he mirrored back down at her. The mayor, behind her, aimed for her anus. Manny sat on the couch and watched, with his smartphone set to camera.

The mayor poked his Creamy finger in her asshole, lubing up her wrinkly ring, and getting the Cream deep in her rectum. Ron rubbed the rest of the Cream on his fingers all over her vulva, making her squeal. He got it all over her already hard clitoris, on her swollen labia, and in her soaking wet cunt. Cole rubbed Cream on her lips and tongue; she sucked on his fingers and closed her eyes.

The mayor, remembering Manny's warning to be gentle, slowly, carefully pushed the tip of his dick against her opening asshole. He slid it in, loving the pinching of her tight, bronze ring. He then pushed all the way in with a grunt. She moaned softly to his pumping.

Ron coaxed his cock into her dripping vaginal orifice, moving in inch by inch till he was all the way in. "Oh!" he moaned, her sighing in time, two octaves higher. His thrusting got her body shaking up and down, just as the mayor's ass-fucking got her shaking back and forth. Ron looked down and watched her tits wiggling.

Cole pushed the tip of his cock against her welcoming lips. She looked up at him with a lewd smirk as she slid her tongue along the underside of his cock, his corpus spongiosum already protruding. Her saliva and Cream-soaked lips slid back and forth along the length of his cock, a long and thick one. 

In his policeman's uniform, Cole looked to hallucinating Kim like her father, in his priest's outfit.

"Don't worry, baby," Cole grunted. "God! Oh! We'll be...gentle with you. Unh!" 

She heard his words as those of her rapist father, saying, "Don't worship Satan...and God...will bring...heaven to you." 

Those wiggling breasts were just begging to be fondled, so Ron cupped them in his hands and gently squeezed them, pinching the erect nipples. He was jamming his cock in and out of her harder and faster now: he was about to come. 

His cock felt like her first boyfriend's; indeed, in her hallucinatory state, she thought he, rather than Ron, was under her. In her dreamlike state, she didn't have the critical sense to wonder why she was doing her father and former boyfriends at the same time.

The mayor had a short, thin dick, which made his anal digging as pleasant for her as a fingering there. His smallness reminded her of her third boyfriend, whom he looked like to her. He, too, was about to come.

Manny, always recording the orgy on his smartphone, soon whipped it out and began jerking off on the couch, too. 

Cole ejaculated in her mouth, and grinned as she gulped down every drop. The other two men grunted almost at the same time as they came inside her other two holes. They all pulled out of her, then looked down at themselves. Their dicks were getting hard again.

"Let's have some more fun, then," the mayor said. 

"Yeah," Ron said, "let's all change places."

"Good idea," Cole said. "I want her pussy this time."

"I want her ass," Ron said.

"OK," the mayor said. "I guess I've got her mouth then."

They all got into position, and gently went inside her again. 

"Mmm!" she squealed at the size of Cole's big cock in her flooding pussy. Her anal ring was getting a wider stretch from Ron's cock, and she quickly shook her head back and forth to pleasure the mayor's dick. Her whole body was shaking, as were theirs. 
