 A few nights later, Kim was onstage at The Showcase (Griffin was in her house watching TV on the sofa with one of her cats on his lap). 

She was wearing a black evening gown with matching lace underwear and high heels. She was moving to the beat of "Work Bitch," by Britney Spears-Kim's first song. A man at the tip rail was smiling up at her.

Towards the end of the song, she unzipped the back of her dress and let it fall to her feet, revealing the ornate, elegant design of her black brassiere and thong. That man whistled at her; she faked a grin back at him.

Her second song began, Tove Lo's "Habits (Stay High)." One minute into the song, Kim unclipped her bra and stood facing the man with her cleavage showing, but her nipples still hidden; he was almost drooling.

"C'mon, baby!" he shouted, showing off a few bills. "Show me your tits!" He put the roll of money in his mouth, it sticking out an inch from his lips.

She flipped off the bra with a gleeful titty wiggle. He shook his head, still with the money in his mouth. She bent down, wrapped her boobs around his face, and scooped away the money, with the smoothness of her skin caressing his cheeks and her nipples tickling his lips.

"Alright!" he shouted, then whistled again.

Three quarters of the way into the song, she stood with her ass in his direction, and slowly pulled down the thong, gradually revealing her anal cleft while looking back at him with an expression that seemed to say, "What are you looking at, perv? Oh, that's OK: I'll let you look." The thong fell to her feet, and she kicked it to the side of the stage.

Then her third and final song began, "Somebody," by Depeche Mode. As she mouthed the words, she thought of Griff, and how much she loved him. 

She took off her heels and walked slowly across the stage, as naked as she was when Griff had her the first time. She got on the floor and crawled towards that man, who had another tip, a rolled five dollar bill, held between his lips.

"Mmm!" he moaned. "Mmm, mmm, mmm!"

When she reached him, she spread her legs in front of his face, wrapped them around his neck, and brought his head closer to her pussy. He aimed the money for her hole, which she widened with her hands. He gently put it in, and got a good sniff of the immaculately-smelling area.

Then she rolled over so she was on all fours. With her legs spread and her ass pointed at his face, she slowly crawled away from him, with her asshole and cunt exposed to his greedy eyes, and his five dollar bill sticking out of her twat. 

"Beautiful!" he shouted. "Yeah!" He whistled at her again.

The song ended, and she got off the stage, picking up her purse. She was about to put her underwear and shoes back on when the man approached her and tapped her on the shoulder.

"Hi," he said. "Can I have a lap dance in one of the VIP rooms?"

"Sure, big spender," she said with a smirk, and not bothering to put on any of her clothes, she just took her purse and went with him into a VIP room. They sat side by side on a couch.

"My name's Dan," he said, shaking her hand.

"I'm Kim," she said, no longer interested in using her old stage name. She was getting ever so vague vibes from Dan, slightly ominous ones.

"Do I know you from somewhere?" she asked. "You seem...familiar to me."

"No, I don't think so," he said. "We never met before, but I wish we had."

Though she was getting those Cream vibes, she reassured herself, No, it can't be one of Manny's men. I'm safe and far away from the likes of him.

A hip hop song began, and she sat on his lap. She was grinding her ass on his hard-on, and moving her hands all over his chest, searching for his nipples. 

As his left hand was touching her left breast, his right hand was unscrewing the lid to a jar of Cream. He dipped his fingers into it and scooped out a large glob.

He quickly smeared it on her face, getting it in her nostrils and ears. 

"Mmm!" she moaned in a wavering voice, shaking and trying to get away from him. Instead, she fell on the floor. Within seconds, though, her high was subduing her, and her agitation faded into docility. 

"That's it, baby," he said, rubbing more Cream on her tits, belly, pussy, and ass. "Just be cool, and cooperate." He smeared some Cream all over her vulva, noting her already hard clit, and got some deep in her vagina. Now her high was a horny one. "Yeah, you like that, don't you, baby?" She thought she heard her father saying that.

Then Dan smeared some Cream on her asshole, and slid his finger deep in her rectum, getting it perfectly lubed and welcoming for anal sex.

After that, he dried his hands with a handkerchief and took out his cellphone. "OK," he said to the guy he was calling. "You guys can come in now." He hung up. Ten seconds later, three guys came in the VIP room.

They all gawked for a few seconds at the naked beauty on the floor on all fours. Then they walked over and stood around her in a circle.

The one admiring her pretty brown anus knelt behind her and unzipped his pants. "I claim her asshole."

The man standing before her face was admiring her full lips, brightened up with red lipstick. He unzipped his pants and said, "I have her mouth."

Dan got down on the floor on his back, slid under her, and said, "I've got her pussy. It looked so pretty and pink on the stage."

The last man pouted and said, "Well, what about me?"

"Go pay off the boss while we fuck her, Will, then when we're done, you can have your turn," Dan said, aiming his cock at her vaginal opening.

Sulking Will walked out of the VIP room with a wad of money Dan had given him earlier. 

The other men started poking their cocks inside her. She moaned softly as she felt them invading her, as if she were enjoying it for real. When all three of them were fully inside her, she let out a loud "Mmm!"

They were sliding in and out of her, while her body rocked back and forth to their shoving. Don was fondling her tits as he felt his hard cock soaking in her vaginal wetness.

The man in her ass loved that pinching anal ring around his cock. "Damn!" he grunted. "She's so...fucking tight. Oh!"

The man getting a blow job looked down at her face as her wet lips went back and forth along the length of his shaft. He smiled down at her submissive eyes, which were always looking up at him. Her tongue was massaging the underside of his cock, flickering and tickling it.

Will went up to the bar and saw a man in his fifties there bartending.

"Excuse me," Will said. "Where can I find the boss?"

"I'm the boss," the bartender said. "How can I help you?"

"My friends and I are going to take one of your girls with us," Will said. "Kim. She's consented to it."

"Wait a minute," the boss said. "I don't like the sound of-"

"Will this help you like the sound of it better?" Will said, presenting the boss with the wad of money. It was $50,000.

"Oh, well, if Kim consented to it, I guess it's OK," the boss said, quickly pocketing the money.

Back in the VIP room, Dan was making her come, though she was hallucinating three Griffs doing her. Will walked back into the room.

The three men were still poking in and out of her three holes, grunting and moaning. Will watched the free porn performance with a smile, and started touching himself. Still, he felt envious.

"Well?" he snorted. "When do I get my turn?"

Dan came inside her, then pulled out. "Oh!" he moaned. "She was amazing." He slid out from under her. "Go ahead, Will. She's yours." He zipped up his pants and sat on the couch.

The guy fucking her ass was about to come. He pulled his cock out, enjoying the tight sensation of that anal ring, then sprayed his come on her buttocks. "Oh!" he moaned with each squirt of his come on her ass. 

"I'm...about to blow!" the guy getting head from her grunted. "Oh!"

He pulled his cock out and shot his come all over her nose, lips, cheeks, and chin. "Ah!" he moaned with each spray. Then he stepped back and put his spent cock in his pants. 

"Finally," Will said. "My turn."

He turned her around and got her on her back. He unzipped his pants, pulled out his cock, and placed it between her tits.

He squeezed his hard cock in those soft, smooth beauties, then rubbed it up and down, moaning the whole time. He looked down on her come-soaked face, smiling as he saw the gism dripping down her cheeks. He pinched her nipples, admiring the size of those amazing breasts.

As he continued fucking her tits, she looked up at him and smiled. "Griff...I...love you."

"Griff!" Will grunted. "Who...the fuck...is Griff? Uh!" 

Will was about to come, happily anticipating his liquids adding to her already drenched face. 

"Here...I come, baby," Will panted. "Oh!"

He shot powerful sprays of come that flew far. His first squirt went up her right nostril. His second went in her wide-open mouth. His third hit her in the left eye. His last hit her on the chin.

He got up and zipped up his pants. The four men looked down on her, still fidgeting from her high. There was hardly a spot anywhere on her face that wasn't covered with come.

"Yeah," Dan said. "Manny's right. Cream works. Let's get her out of here."

*****************

During the wee hours of the night, Griffin, who was still on the sofa, waiting and waiting for Kim to come home, got a call on his cellphone. He rushed over to pick it up, hoping to see that it was Kim calling, but instead seeing the number of a most unwelcome caller on the other end.

"Hello?" he said with a shaky voice.

"Griff," Manny said. "It's 2 AM. Do you know where your lady is?"

"You bastard, Manny," Griff said. "Where is she?"

"In the basement of Dad's warehouse," Manny said. "I wouldn't bother getting him involved with this, though. After I chatted with him about your disappearing with a stripper instead of taking your future studies seriously, he won't be sympathetic with your point of view."

"What do you want?" Griff asked.

"Bring all the stuff you stole from me, and you'll get her back. If you don't, I'll kill her." Manny hung up.

Griff raced in his car to the warehouse, which was in Hamilton. He went in by the side door, his arms full from carrying as many of those boxes of Cream as he could carry. It was so dark that he could barely see a thing.

Then he felt a hand smear Cream all over his face. The boxes fell to the ground, as did he.