 Copyright 2000 Manjaro

**********

Carrie threw her robe on, ran her brush through her hair, and raced out to catch Ben. Finding him was no great feat. Only one door was open off the hallway, and light streamed out through it.

When Carrie reached the doorway, she hesitated briefly. Ben was sitting at a desk, facing away from her. She noted that it was a huge room, probably a combination of what used to be two. It was furnished as a bedroom/office, had hardwood floors, and reflected the rest of the house in its simple neat quality.

"You're in big trouble, mister!" she snarled, entering his room.

"I believe I told you to stop your babbling and listen to me. We offered you our hospitality and you accepted. I don't know where you come from, but out here we're obligated when someone helps us out. As for your threats, why don't you pick up the phone and call the police right now? The answer, of course, is that you can't. You could stay the night as planned, but then what are you going to say to the sheriff tomorrow? That I did all these terrible things to you, then you decided to spend the night, and call him the next day? I don't think so! And what did I do to you? You must not have tripped the latch when you shut the door. If the door isn't latched it'll open when someone opens and closes one of the outside doors (As he spoke to her in his calm reasonable voice, Carrie could sense the anger behind it. The hint was in his eyes.) As I recall, when you left us it was to go to bed. When I came down the hall and found the door partly open, it was only natural that I look inside. There you were in the middle of your little game. So what if I watched, and listened. Maybe it was part of your game that one of us would? Even if it wasn't, so what? This is our house. If you don't close the door before playing, that's your problem. We don't see women out here often, and I happen to enjoy watching an attractive woman let herself go."

"That doesn't give you the right to spy on me!" Carrie protested.

"Well, I guess I took the right! Now, you've got a choice to make young lady."

"What choice is that?"

Ben smiled at her with a mixture of cold anger, and something else that Carrie didn't recognize, or didn't want to recognize. "You can start returning our hospitality, or you can pack up and leave, with no further assistance from us, right now! Let me make it clear that by returning our hospitality, I mean that you'll do exactly as I say."

"You're crazy! I'm outta here!" Carrie screamed at him.

"That's what I thought you'd say, and that's fine, though it certainly indicates poor manners on your part. Before you finalize your decision however, perhaps you ought to look out that window over there." He pointed towards a large picture window facing the front of the house. "Look carefully!"

Carrie was angry, but not so angry that she missed the warning tone in Ben's voice. She crossed the room to peer through the large piece of plate glass into the night. For a moment his point escaped her. She continued to look, but all she could see, other than stars, were those objects illuminated by the lights from the house, or from the sodium lamps near the chicken yard and the barn. Finally it hit her. She couldn't see anything else! It was pitch black beyond the lights of the farm. There were no man-made lights to be seen anywhere!

"I don't suppose you'd consider giving me a ride?" Carrie asked feebly.

"You heard me!"

"Just what is it I'm supposed to do to 'return your hospitality?'" Carrie asked.

"Come over here, Carrie," Ben said in a low, clear voice. He had swiveled his chair around so that he could watch her as she stared out the window. She approached and stood before him.

"Carrie, make your decision based on whether you prefer your chances out there or here. If you decide to stay, then refuse to cooperate, you'll have to leave immediately. Is that clear?"

Carrie didn't see what other choice she had. "OK, I'll take my chances here. You did stop and help me."

"You should have thought of that before you started threatening me," Ben told her, that hard look back in his eyes. "Now spread your feet a little further apart."

Carrie did as she was told. Ben leaned over in his chair and grasped her ankle in a gentle but firm grip for a moment, then began to run his fingers lightly, but still firmly, up and down Carrie's calves. First one, then the other, kneading the muscles and caressing her. Sometimes his fingers lingered behind her knees.

Despite her initial nervousness, Carrie found Ben's touch relaxing her. As the minutes went by, he was gradually moving his massaging fingers higher, exploring her thighs, front, back, inside and outside. Ben had easy access to her lower body as the robe only fell to mid-thigh, and it was all Carrie wore. Ben lingered long enough on her thighs and touched her so skillfully that when his hands finally reached the soft inner flesh close to where her legs joined, she parted them of her own volition.

Ben maintained his leisurely exploration, allowing his fingers to barely brush at the hairy delta between her legs, before traveling around and about her body to caress her buttocks, sometimes cupping them with his work-roughened hands, at other times spreading her cheeks to run a fingertip the full length of the crevice between them, and to scratch lightly at her most secret, sensitive hole.

By now her robe had fallen open completely and hung on her shoulders only. Carrie had responded to Ben's attentions in other ways as well. She breathed in short, little gasps as he progressed in his intimacies. She began to move her body in anticipation of where he might touch her next, and she had again become wet with wanting.

When Ben's fingers finally touched that wetness, Carrie groaned and looked down at Ben through desire-slitted eyes. She locked her eyes briefly with his, seeing him grinning knowingly as he continued to manipulate her, then she broke her gaze in momentary shame before again giving in to the sensations that were beginning to crowd out concern for anything else.

When Ben zeroed in on her clit, Carrie was glad beyond words that she'd chosen to stay. He touched her in brief little flurries, each a bit different from the previous time. Sometimes he rubbed her lightly up and down. Sometimes in a circular motion one way, then another. Sometimes he scratched her there ever so slightly with his fingernail. No matter what he did it brought Carrie immense enjoyment. She was now gyrating in wanton abandonment and making little mewling sounds of pleasure as he used her at will.

"Take your robe off!" Ben ordered.

She shrugged it from her shoulders, trying to do so without breaking contact with his finger poised immediately in front of her. He was not even moving it now, just holding it available to her questing, hungry pussy. As Carrie shook her head from side to side, she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror over Ben's dresser. She saw herself thrusting nakedly and wantonly for the pleasure of a man’s finger, a man she hadn't even met twelve hours earlier. She liked what she saw.

Carrie was approaching orgasm, moaning incoherently.

"Now, tell me what you want!" Ben commanded.

Carrie was now so totally immersed in her desire, there was no hesitation on her part.

"I want you to touch me, to play with my pussy anyway you want! Touch my pussy, my ass, my breasts! Do whatever you want, only please don't stop!"

But that's exactly what Ben did do, at least for a moment, after he told her to stand still. She stopped obediently just as she was entering the throes of orgasm, though it was so hard to do. She stood before him shuddering in desire as he rose very close to her and slowly removed his clothes. Being in her agitated state did not prevent Carrie from noticing the corded, working-man's muscles that widened and thickened Ben's torso and limbs, nor the dark, curly hair that adorned his body in just the right quantity for her taste. As he doffed his shorts she saw that though only semi-erect , Ben was a well-endowed, male specimen. She licked her lips involuntarily.

Ben again sat down and resumed his expert fondling of her body. Now she not only was stimulated by the tactile sensations he was inducing, she found the sight of his body responding to his own desire extremely erotic. It had been far too long since Carrie had seen such a phenomenon, and it increased her own desire an order of magnitude.

Ben was again bringing her up the ladder of desire when, without pausing, he asked her if she liked the feel and taste of a thick, hard cock in her mouth.

"I'm sure I'd love yours," Carrie panted. Then looking down at Ben's now hard penis, "Can I kneel in front of you and lick and suck your cock, please?"

Ben smiled as he answered, "You may, but you'd better do a good job. Don't forget to lick my balls."

Carrie sank to her knees and took Ben's hardness in her hand. She lowered her head so that her lips barely brushed the head of his engorged penis. She inhaled his musky, masculine odor, and it amplified the sexual arousal that already possessed her as she bent further to run her tongue the length of his organ. She began to fellate him, thinking to herself how much she enjoyed his taste, the feel of his powerful cock in her mouth, the texture of it on her sensitive lips. Without removing it from her mouth, she looked to his face to see the effect she was having on him.

His expression was one of casual nonchalance, tinged with arrogant lust. He leaned back to watch her perform, reaching down to brush back her hair that had fallen over her face, that he might better see her between his legs.

It had been so long since she had served a lover this way that she had almost forgotten the sense of appropriateness she had always experienced when she did so. When Ben lifted his buttocks off the chair, Carrie moved down to lick his balls, pausing occasionally to take one, then the other into her mouth and rolling them on her tongue. Then she moved down further to lick and kiss the fleshy area behind his balls. His taste and aroma was so masculine that she couldn't help but feel more feminine. The feeling of being totally in his command excited her tremendously. She realized that being dominated had always been a crucial part of her most fervent desires but always kept hidden, usually even from herself.

They continued in this manner for some time with Carrie shifting her attention to whatever he signaled her he desired. Finally, he commanded her to move to his bed and to kneel on her hands and knees. She did so unhesitatingly. When she had assumed the position, Ben knelt beside her on the bed and began to again play with her cunt. Performing oral sex on him had not diminished her wetness. If anything she was wetter than when she'd started, so when his fingers sought her out, they easily slipped inside her.

For a few minutes he played with her, alternately strumming her clit and thrusting his fingers in and out like a cock. Soon Carrie was rocking back onto his fingers in a frenzy. When he went to move behind her, she reached back to guide what she now thought of as "his wonderful cock" inside her.

"Hold it," Ben said angrily. "Did I tell you to put it in?"

"I'm sorry," Carrie hastily apologized. She now craved him. Her pussy felt hot and wet and hugely empty. She desperately wanted it filled with hot, hard, masculine, manly, cock!

"Please, please, fuck me with that thick log! I want it so bad, please I'll do anything!"

"Yes, I've heard that from you before. This time it's not make-believe though. This time if I give you what you want you will do things. You'll do anything with your mouth, cunt, and ass that I tell you to do, won't you?"

Carrie rotated her hips as Ben continued to stroke her, and her answer fairly flew from her lips, "Yes, yes, anything, anything, just please fuck me, oh, fuck my aching, wet cunt!"

Ben wasn't satisfied with those words. "Tell me like you told the man in your fantasy!" he ordered.

"I'll do anything for you! I'll fuck you anytime, anywhere! I'll fuck and suck your friends! I'll be your whore, your slut, whatever! If you want, I'll do you in public, anything, just please fuck me now!"

'Oh god,' she thought. 'What was I saying?' Carries words served to increase her own lust. She realized that she loved talking that way, being "made" to talk that way. Carrie was obsessed at that moment with the thought of all she'd promised to do!

Her words this time seemed to be quite satisfactory to Ben. "Put it in!" he said.

Carrie quivered in lust as she reached back, grasped Ben's penis, and placed the head against her opening. Ben slowly inched his rock-hard cock into Carrie's wet pussy. Carrie felt as if a long lasting ache was finally being relieved. She pushed herself back to meet Ben's long, smooth strokes. Ben had fucked her for only a minute or so when Carrie felt the first stinging slap to her ass cheeks. He had only enough time to smack her ass a half dozen times before she literally exploded in her first orgasm. She had been so close, but the feel and thought of being spanked had shot her over the edge. When Carrie had time to reflect on it later, it was apparent to her that she had a sexually masochistic tendency which Ben had stumbled upon when he'd listened in on her fantasy and subsequently took advantage of. Meanwhile, Carrie was not so much thinking as she was reacting to the intense stimuli she was receiving.

Unlike the other men that Carrie had experienced, Ben did not use her orgasm as a signal for himself to climax.

Carrie was moaning, "I love it, I love it," over and over, thrashing her head from side to side as she convulsed in waves of sensual pleasure. She began to recover from her initial rush when Ben withdrew his still iron rod from her and moved her aside so he could lie on his back.

"Now lick me off. Then after you've cleaned it nicely, sit on it. I'll tell you what to do then!"

Carrie had moved to one side of the bed to make room. Once Ben had reclined, she, her desire still at fever pitch, laid between his legs and licked him clean. She found she liked the taste of herself on him. She loved the way his cock stood up so hard and straight, so close to her face, and how it looked gigantic right there.

"Enough, now mount me!" Ben ordered.

Carrie jumped up, straddled Ben's hips, and inserted him into her hot, wet hole. The feel of it sliding in was pure ecstasy. He reached up to grasp her arms to allow her the leverage she needed to thrust herself down on him harder and faster.

"Do you want more, little one?" he asked.

"Yes, lots more!" she groaned.

"Turn around. I want to watch my cock slide in and out of you!"

He let loose of her arms, and Carrie spun around and resumed her pumping up and down on his rigid organ. Ben began to slap her ass again as he commanded her to slow her strokes way down. The treatment he was giving her ass, combined with the agonizingly slow entrance and exit of his cock, jacked up Carrie's level of lust another notch.

Carrie's sexual absorption was so total that she failed to realize that Seth had entered the room and was viewing the activity on the bed, until almost a minute had passed. She was still concentrating on the sensation of riding Ben's manhood, and her pleasure at accepting his blows to her buttocks as a demonstration of his dominance, when she opened her eyes for a moment to see the older man standing a few feet away.

"Well, it looks as if you might be getting the business lady properly trained," Seth smirked.

Carrie stopped all movement at the sight of the grandfather standing there watching her degrading behavior. Her pause was not long.

"I didn't tell you to stop. Move that ass until I tell you otherwise!" As Ben spoke he gave her an extra hard smack. Carrie resumed riding his dick with humiliation, and the increased pleasure of being even more the object of this man’s desire.

"It turns out she needs the training. You need to get fucked a lot more often don't you?"

"Yes, I need it all, Ben," Carrie found herself answering, and her cunt twitched with another pang of lust.

"I think little Carrie needs to increase her appreciation of men. Carrie, if you ask Seth nicely maybe he'll let you suck him."

Carrie looked at Seth, seeing a body that belied his years. Many a man his age would be fat from a sedentary life. In the end it didn't matter in her decision, only her enjoyment, because the decision had been made for her by Ben.

"Seth, would you please let me put my lips around your big dick, and lick it and suck it?"

Seth had actually been watching the action in the bedroom since it began. He had been in the yard when Carrie had looked out the window. Drawn by curiosity, he had approached and peeked in to see Ben's progress in making the attractive traveler his plaything. Finally, he had determined to have some of her himself. Now, watching Carrie sliding her pussy up and down his son’s rod while she licked her lips, asking politely to blow him, well, he wasn't crazy! He could tell she meant it too. The look in her eyes was undisguised wantonness.

"I don't want no half-assed little kisses where your lips barely touch my dick. I'd just as soon jack off!" he replied.

Carrie again surprised herself. The thought that he might actually refuse unnerved her. She found that she wanted this man's cock in her mouth . Not for Ben, not because she feared being turned out, but because she desired him.

"Oh no, I want it deep in my throat. I want to lick and suck it thoroughly."

Seth approached and positioned himself so that when he unzipped his pants his half-hard cock popped out within an inch or so of Carrie's face. She looked up to Seth's eyes for a moment before leaning forward to take him into her mouth. She was careful to continue her fucking of Ben's cock.

Seth watched Carrie carefully. The sight of her pretty face at his crotch, of her full lips engulfing the head of his manliness, excited him mightily. It took only a moment for him to harden. When he was stiff, and Carrie was taking his rod in and out smoothly, lips wrapped tightly around his fleshy pole, Seth looked over to see Ben smiling broadly at him.

Ben had paid close attention to Carrie's reaction to his command that she service his father. Her acceptance of her role was not a surprise to him, but the totality and ease of her acceptance was. Though it seemed to Carrie that Ben was almost blasé about her servitude to him, he was anything but. The sight of her pussy slowly swallowing his cock and sliding back up was erotic enough. When he looked across her back to see her head bobbing obediently at Seth’s crotch it was almost more than he could bear. The physical sensations were incredible, yet they were only a part of the total sexual experience. Ben's mastery of the traveling beauty gave him at least as much pleasure. When he caught Seth's eye he couldn't help but grin smugly.

Carrie was finding the going difficult! Her difficulty stemmed from the flood of sensory and emotional input. There were so many wonderful feelings she could not concentrate on all of them at once. One second she'd tune in to the sensations emanating from her cunt being so deliciously fucked, then the taste and feel of Seth's big cock in her mouth were cause for her to moan in pleasure. Then a sharp slap to her ass would bring a gasp of masochistic thrill from within her. The words of exhortation that pierced her haze of comprehension also spurred the raging flames of lust within. Carrie heard bits and pieces such as "Next time you suck my dick I want lipstick on your lips. You're gonna pretty yourself up real good, right?" and "We need to keep Carrie full of cock. She loves fuckin' and suckin' big, hard ones, don'cha woman?" and "Come on, baby, suck his cock real good. I want to feel your cunt throb while his sperm runs down your throat!"
