 I was at the massage parlor at the advice of my friend Bruce. He said that I should ask for the 'cream rub', that it would be worth the price. The receptionist was a cute, petite brunette who was wearing a flower-print kimono and smiled a lot. I told her that Bruce sent me, and I'd like to try the 'cream rub'. She took my credit card, I signed the charge slip, the she led me back to a small dressing room.

"There are two rules," she told me as we walked. "Do as you're told, and no touching the girls. Do you understand?"

"Yes," I replied. 

"Good," she smiled as she opened the door and directed me to step inside. "Now strip down to your underwear, put on the robe, and Michelle will be back to get you shortly." Then she left to return to the front. I stripped down and hung my suit and shirt on the hangers provided. I only had to wait a couple of minutes before the door opened. 

"Hi, you must be Dave. I'm Michelle." The woman was quite beautiful. She stood about 5'7" and had long flowing blonde hair that ended just past her shoulders. She wore a white terrycloth robe identical to the one that I had on that hid most of her figure, but even so I could tell that it was quite nice. The robe ended about mid thigh, and I could see that she had long shapely tan legs. She was wearing a pair of foam flip-flops on her feet, and her toenails were painted baby blue, matching the shade on her fingernails. Michelle also smiled a lot, but unlike the receptionist whose smile was simply friendly, Michelle's smile carried a sense of sexuality. 

"Come with me," she said as she took my hand and led me out of the dressing room and down the hall. "I understand that this is your first time here?" 

I nodded. 

"Good," she smiled. "We want to make this experience as enjoyable as possible for you. If at any time what we do makes you feel uncomfortable, just tell us and we'll stop. Okay?" 

I couldn't image what that could possibly be, but I acknowledged my understanding. We arrived at a room and Michelle opened the door and directed me inside. The room was warm and very humid, almost to the point of being misty. Moisture immediately began to condense on my body. There was another woman in the room. "This is my assistant Terri," Michelle said as she stood behind me and removed the robe from my shoulders. Terri was gorgeous, about 5'5" with short brown hair. 

She wore a pink string bikini that left very little to the imagination. She was very thin, with a tight stomach, good ass and shapely legs. Her breasts were medium sized, large enough to fill the cups of her bikini top without overflowing. "This is Dave's first time, so let's take extra good care of him," Michelle told Terri. Terri rose from her kneeling position on the floor and came over to us. 

"I'm glad you could join us," Terri said. She had a smile that was as sexy as Michelle's, though a bit more innocent. Terri led me over to a raised foam mat in the center of the room and directed me to lay back on it. There was a foam headrest which propped up my head and shoulders. As Terri got me comfortable, Michelle removed her robe, revealing a pink bikini identical to Terri's. 

Michelle's breasts were large, so much so that they strained against the fabric of her bikini top, threatening to burst out at any moment. At this point I was beginning to develop an erection beneath my underwear. This situation was exacerbated as Terri began to pull off my briefs. I blushed a bit a bit as my bare member waived in the moist hot air.

"No need to be embarrassed," Michelle said as she kneeled beside me. "We've seen plenty of hard cocks, and yours is quite nice. Isn't that right, Terri?" Terri briefly lick her lips. 

"Definitely," she replied as she finished pulling off my briefs and placed them over on a counter. "Now, just lay back and enjoy yourself," Michelle told me. Then the real fun began. Michelle was kneeling on my right side and Terri on my left. The mat was raised far enough off the floor that my body was at about the level of the girls' upper thighs. For starters, each girl got a large pitcher of warm water and began to pour it over me, starting at my shoulders and working down. 

Then, the girls got out cans of shaving cream and, pouring mounds into their hands, began applying it all over my body. Again starting with my shoulders, then across my chest, over my stomach, and down my thighs and legs to my feet. Then Michelle got her hand good and lathery and covered my crotch area, cock and balls with the creamy foam. Then the massage began in earnest. Michelle worked on my upper body, while Terri moved down to my legs. 

The girls were very good, the massage relaxing and sensual. As their hands glided across my glistening foam covered body, I could feel the stress of days ease away. I turned my attention to Michelle breasts, just inches away from my face. Through the thin fabric I could see her erect nipples trying to poke through. As Michelle was reaching across me, her breasts rubbed across my chest, causing her top to be covered with shaving cream. She acted as though it was an accident, though we both knew otherwise. 

"Darn," she said, looking down at the foam on her bosom. "I guess I can't wear this anymore." With that she reached behind her back and untied her bikini top, pulling it forward and tossing it aside. With her large tits hanging bare, Michelle resumed her massage. She now let her tits rub freely against my body, her round globes becoming smeared with shaving cream as her hard nipples brushed my chest. 

As this was going on, I could feel Terri's hands move further and further up my thighs until she was finally at my crotch. She began to rub my shaft softly but firmly with one hand while the other cupped my sac and lightly played with my balls. Michelle didn't even have to look down to know what Terri had started, as the smile on my face told all. "You like that, don't you," she said, more as a statement than a question. 

"Terri's becoming quite good at pleasing a man with her hands." I could see Terri lift her head up briefly to smile at me before returning her attention back to my cock. "Would you like to rub my breasts?" Michelle asked suddenly as she continued to rub my body. I must have looked a bit confused, remembering the parlor's rule against touching. "It's okay," Michelle assured me. "I'd like for you to." I nodded agreement, and Michelle had me scoot up into more of an upright position. 

She straddled my chest facing me and filled each of my hands with a mound of shaving cream. I began by placing each of my hands on her rib cage just below her globes, then slowly worked my way up and over her ample tits. Terri ceased her attentions to my nether regions and got up to get a drink, but I didn't care as my attentions were totally on Michelle's wonderful cream covered breasts. I soon found that her nipples were quite sensitive, as she let out a sharp 'oohh!' every time my fingers brushed over them. Her cloth-covered crotch was squirming against my chest, getting completely covered in shaving cream. 

After several minutes, Michelle gently removed my hands and climbed down off of me, resuming her kneeling position at my side. Terri came over and kneeled down to my other side as both girls returned to giving me my creamy massage. "Thank you," Michelle smiled. "That was very nice; you're a natural." True or not I didn't care; the flattery traveled in my ears and straight down to my cock. 

"I just love having my body rubbed in shaving cream," Michelle continued. "Almost as much as I love giving cream rubs. In fact, when things are slow around here, Terri and I stay in practice by giving each other rubs." Michelle then directed her remarks at her assistant: "Terri dear, why don't you show Dave what we did this morning?"

"I'd love to," Terri said. She stood up, took the strings of her bikini bottoms in her thumbs and pulled the pink fabric down and off. I could immediately see that Terri's crotch was shaved completely bare. Terri threw her bikini off to the side of the room, then stood with her legs apart so that I could get a good look. "Isn't she beautiful?" Michelle asked, and I nodded in agreement. "Terri loves it when I shave her pussy. It makes her feel very sexy."

Terri took her index finger, still covered in shaving cream, and rubbed it gently down her slit. Then she filled up a pitcher with water and poured it across her stomach and down her crotch, washing away the foam and leaving her pussy bare, wet and beautiful, glimmering in the warm light of the room. After her brief exhibition, Terri returned to kneeling by my side, and Michelle moved down to my crotch. Michelle, it turned out, was quite the expert at shaving cream hand jobs. She began by taking my shaft between the outstretched palms of her hands, rubbing up and down as her fingers stretched down into the foam-filled public hair covering my balls. 

After a few minutes of that, she curled the fingers of her hand around my cock and began to tightly pump up and down, slowly at first, then increasing the speed. "Oh, God, Michelle, that feels so good!" I cried out as she was having the desired effect on me. It wasn't much longer until my jism started to shoot out. The first few shots went high enough to land on Michelle's chest, while the rest just kind of gurgled out and left her hand covered in a creamy goo of shaving cream and spunk. I slid completely back down on the mat, and Terri and Michelle resumed their massage as I laid there with my eyes closed in post-orgasmic bliss. I lost complete track of time, but soon our session was over, and Terri and Michelle were once again pouring warm water over me, this time to wash away the lather that had built up. They toweled me off, then Terri got my briefs and held them out as I stepped into them and she pulled them up into place. Michelle put my robe on me, then put hers back on as well. 

"Thank you for coming, Dave," Terri said as Michelle and I left the room. "It was a real pleasure."

"Believe me, the pleasure was all mine," I replied. Michelle again took me by the hand and led me down to the dressing room. "I trust you had an enjoyable time?"

"Definitely," I said. Michelle then brought her lips up to mine and kissed me once, briefly and tenderly. "That was for being such a good client," she told me. "I hope you'll be coming back soon?"

"You can count on it!"