 I got a call from my friend Tracy. She asked me if I wanted to go to a party this weekend. I asked what sort of a party.

“Well, it’s a group of people who get together for sex.”

I was a little stunned by what she told me.

“Like an orgy?” I asked.

“Yes,” she said. “They call it a Creampie Party.”

“So it’s all unprotected sex?”

Tracy said yes, and she asked me if I was taking birth control pills. I told that I was on the pill. She said that she knew how crazy it all sounded but she had been to a few of these get togethers and she enjoyed the wild sex. My head was spinning from what she told me. I had never been with more than one man in the past. I said I needed to think about it.

Tracy said it was no problems but she needed to get back to the couple who were throwing the party soon. I finished my call with Tracy and I sat there thinking about what she told me. There would be numerous horny men who would end up fucking me with their bare cocks. How did I feel about that? I had to admit it did send a shiver throughout my body. I hadn’t had sex in many months. I fantasized about all those hard cocks.

I ended up calling Tracy back. I told her I would go to this party.

“You won’t regret it Kelly.”

Tracy gave me the address of the house and she said to arrive around seven pm on Friday evening. After we talked I pulled my pants and panties off. I began to finger my pussy. What would it be like being taken by numerous men. I would find out shortly it seemed. 

Friday night came and I drove to the address that Tracy gave me. It was a large house like an estate almost. I parked my car and then walked to the front door and rang the doorbell. When the door opened I was greeted my a naked woman.

“You must be Kelly, come in.”

I found out that the people hosting the orgy were Michelle and Steve. Michelle was probably ten years older than me. I soon met Steve. He was a handsome man with gray hair. He was naked as well. I looked down to see his long, thick cock dangling between his legs. As I entered the house everyone was naked there. Michelle led me back to a bedroom where I could undress and leave my clothing and possessions.

I came back out to the living room and I saw Tracy. The party had already begun. She was sitting on the couch and was sucking on a man’s cock. I started getting a tingling sensation seeing all these naked people. It didn’t take long before I was approached by a man.

“I’m Ron,” he said. “Would you join me?”

He took me by the hand and led me to another sofa in the living room. He had me lie back as he spread my thighs apart. Ron took hold of his dick and began to rub it across my slit. I though I would have an instant orgasm right there. Ron was average size but his prick was so thick. He rubbed his mushroom over my opening and slowly began to push into me.

I let out this gasp as he fed me his cock. I felt so tight from lack of sex lately. Ron went slow until he finally had his shaft all the way inside me. Ron build up speed as he made me take all of him inside my pussy. I was now moaning out loud. 

“Please Ron, fuck me hard!”

Ron got this look on his face. It was like I was his possession now. I felt his balls hitting my ass. I wanted Ron to use me any way he wanted. I looked up from the couch. There stood a black man right at face level. His cock was enormous.

“Open your mouth please,” he told me. 

I must have been cock crazy right then. I did as he asked and he pushed a few inches of that black dick into my mouth. Actually, he was trying to get his black pole down my throat. I was choking on his dick as Ron kept fucking my pussy. This must have gone on for twenty minutes or more. I felt Ron’s dick expand inside me when he blew his load of seed inside me.

My pussy muscles tighten as he unloaded his cream into my body, My black lover wasn’t far behind. He tried to push his entire length down my throat when I felt his warm milk shooting down to my tummy. I had the most intense orgasms I had ever experienced right then. Both men used me and I swallowed and squeezed their cocks the best I could. 

After a few minutes both my lovers started to get soft. They pulled out of me and there was cum running down my ass crack and down my chin. I tried to get myself together. My body was shaking like crazy. Both men left me and I sat up on the couch. It didn’t take long before another man approached. He said his name was Stan. He helped me stand up and we walked into a bedroom.

Stan had to be in his early thirties. He was muscular and his cock was already rock hard. Stan had me get on my hands and knees. He knelt behind me and rubbed his long member up and down my drenched openings. Stan had a surprise for me. I felt the tip of his cock probing my ass. I had anal sex only one time before. I didn’t enjoy it that first time.

I could’t tell Stan to stop. Luckily he went easy at first but it hurt like hell.

“Oh my God!” I cried out.

It took a few minutes but Stan somehow got all of his dick into my bottom. Once he was inside me, he held his cock still until I became accustomed to his large girth. Stan started going faster. Thankfully some of that cum dripping from my pussy made it easier to take Stan’s cock. He placed his hands on my hips as he guided his rod deep into my bowels. 

Stan managed to last a long time. I finally heard him grunt as he coated my bowels with his sticky load. It did become somewhat easier to take Stan’s prick. I still cried out as he punished my asshole with his cock. I noticed someone walking into the room. It was Steve, the home owner. He got onto the bed and knelt in front of me. I knew exactly what he wanted me to do. I opened for him and he fed me his raging hard-on. Once again I was sucking a man’s cock while being fucked, this time in my bottom.

Stan lasted a long time. I heard him grunt as he unloaded into my ass. He coated my bowels with his white juice. Steve also gave me his cream. My head snapped back as I tried to swallow all I could of his man juice. When both men became soft they left me in the bed. I tried compose myself. Michelle walked into the bedroom. She had some wetted towels with her. She told me to lie back as she attempted to clean me up. Michelle gently rubbed between my legs and then she took a smaller cloth to wipe up my face and chest. 

“Let me take care of you,” she said. 

Michelle parted my legs and lowered her face to my pussy. She used her tongue to lap my clit up and down my gash. I didn’t think it possible but Michelle made me orgasm even more. After she worked on my spent pussy, she pulled away and started to kiss my nipples. I have medium size breasts and my nipples are pink. She got me so worked up kissing and biting my nipples. I lost track of how many orgasms I had up to that point.

Michelle finally finished me off. I couldn’t take anymore cock that night. My jaw, pussy and ass felt so raw. I made my way to the room where my clothes were. I dressed and walked towards the front door. The party was winding down. Most of the men seemed to be empty by now. I did talk to Tracy briefly. Her body was soaked from male cum.

“I’ll call you tomorrow some time.”

I just nodded to her. I said my farewells and I made it to my car. I drove back home, took my clothes off and collapsed on top of the bed. I woke up around noon time Saturday. I slowly got up and went into the bathroom. I brushed and rinsed out my mouth and took a long, hot shower. I pushed out most of the remaining cum inside my body. I made some lunch when my phone rang.

It was Tracy, She wanted to know how I was feeling.

“I ache everywhere, from my jaw to my pussy and ass.”

Tracy just laughed.

“It sounds like you had a good time then. Rest up for the next party she said. I didn’t know if I could take another fucking and sucking session like the night before. I made into the next week. It was Thursday night when someone rang my doorbell. I looked out to see Steve standing there. I opened the door.

“Hi Kelly, do you mind if I come in?”

I ushered Steve into my living room.

“I hope you don’t mind but I got your address from Tracy.”

I said I didn’t mind. Steve got right to the point.

“I’ve been thinking about you these past days. Michelle and I don’t have sex anymore. She is tired of our lovemaking. She prefers having sex with other men and women at our parties.”

“I’ll be brutally honest. I wanted more than oral sex from you. I’m hoping you might want me as a sex partner,” he told me.

I do admit to thinking about Steve. I thought about all the men I had sex with as well. Steve stepped closer to me and he pulled me into his body. He opened his mouth as he kissed me on the lips. I opened for him and our tongues touched.

Steve did pull away and he wanted to fuck me with no one else involved. I shocked myself right then. I told Steve we should go back to my bed. Once we got there, we both undressed. I took a good look at Steve’s cock. He had to be eight inches in length and thick as well. Steve told to lie on my back. He parted my thighs and he went down on me. I placed my hands on his head and urged him to prepare me for his cock.

Steve lapped up and down my slit until I was drenched with juices. Steve got onto his back and told me to mount him. His dick was hard as I lowered my pussy to his shaft. I inhaled Steve’s cock with my pussy. He felt so good stretching my pussy muscles. Steve reached up and massaged my ripe tits. We probably fucked a good hour together. Steve finally gave me what I needed. He sent a geyser of his baby cream deep into my body. I milked Steve dry of his cum.

Once I pulled free we talked about each other. Steve wanted to know if I would want him again. I told him yes. I wanted to feel his cock inside me. He said I didn’t need to come to more fuck parties. He was hoping he could have me all to himself. For now we agreed to meet alone when we could. I do love feeling Steve’s cock inside me. 

We now talk and text each other frequently. Steve will stop by my apartment a couple times each week and we end up fucking like a couple of teenagers. I am hoping we can work things out between us and I can have Steve as my lover permanently.