 Towards the end of the meal, as we waited for the coffee and liquers to arrive, I went to the bathroom and removed my already damp thong. I looked at myself in the full length mirror before leaving. My low cut blouse emphasised my full breasts, and my stiffening nipples were making their presence known though the stretched fabric. My short black skirt and suspended black stockings covered my long legs, and disguised the swollen nakedness between my legs, my erect clit an exclamation mark emphasising my increasing excitement and desire for early fulfilment. I looked at myself critically, and liked what I saw: I look sexy and confident. I put my thong in my handbag and returned to the table.

There were four of us at the table, in a private room, in the back corner of the restaurant. My lover and I were sitting next to each other on a banquette against the wall. Across the table from us were the two men with whom we were having dinner. We had met them on a number of occasions before, and I had noted how sexy my body had found them. This evening, however, was the first time that we had spent so much time in their company, in celebration of a mutually successful business agreement. Before we had left home, my lover had suggested that I might want to make it even more of a celebration. I was non-committal, and said that I would think about it, and see how the evening went. Inside, I was excited at the thought of an adventure involving our associates, though I was not sure whether circumstances would be conducive, of whether I would have the nerve to do anything.

The meal had had been very pleasant, good food supported by initial champagne and then fine wines, and the conversation had flowed freely, with much laughter. They were witty, and smiled at me a lot, and I flirted, and smiled back at each of them in turn. By the end of the main course, I was confident I wanted to do something, and was reasonably confident that what ever I chose to do would be welcomed by my companions. I got increasingly excited with anticipation during the dessert, and flirted even more openly with both the men, who responded in kind with the encouragement of my lover.

My lover noticed the change in me when I returned to the table. Perhaps I appeared more flushed, perhaps more confident, but it is likely that he just recognised my growing excitement. He looked at me quizzically, and I smiled warmly at him, and winked. As I sat down, I ran my hands up and down the inside of his thigh, and felt him stir. He placed his hand on my thigh, moving my skirt up a little, and squeezed. The coffee and liquers arrived, and the business associated with that distracted us briefly from our conversation, before the waiter left us.

While the coffee was being poured, I put my hand on top of my lover's and, sliding forward to the edge of the seat and spreading my legs a little, guided his hand up to my moist naked centre. He hid his surprise, if any, well, and after stroking the whole area gently, causing me to shiver with pleasure, his finger sought out my erect clit, and began to pay particular attention to that. I knew it was going to become a memorable evening. I reached across, and with some assistance from him, unbuckled his belt, unzipped his trousers, quietly, and pulled his hard erect cock free, and grasped it firmly in my hand and began to stroke it.

The conversation continued, and my lover and I continued to talk, and to drink, though we each had a hand beneath the table, and it is likely that some movement was detectable to our companions. One of the men asked how we had met, and my lover began to tell them the story, which we used often in our games, and which never failed to get us very excited. As he was getting to the more exciting part, I thought that the time had come, and I slipped my shoes off. Lifting my legs, my feet sought out each of their laps, and I began to rub a stockinged foot against the hard erections in each of their trousers. Their eyes widened, but they said nothing as I looked at each of them in turn. My lover told them, in some detail, what had happened on our first evening together. He was rubbing my clit faster as he spoke, and I was beginning to pump his cock more rhythmically. One of our companions grabbed my foot in his lap, and began to rub himself against it with some vigour, while his companion slid forward on his seat, allowing my foot to massage his hard cock through his trousers.

My lover was getting to the climax of his story, and I locked eyes with each man in turn, and I could feel their cocks moving under my feet, and see the growing excitement in their faces. I gripped my lover's cock tight, and as the story climaxed, so did I, closing my eyes, and feeling the pleasure course through my body, from my clit, pussy, feet and hand.

As I recovered myself I opened my eyes, looking first at my lover beside me, his cock still grasped tightly in my hand. He was smiling, lovingly, at me, his eyes twinkling. I glanced across the table, at the two men opposite. My feet were still in their laps, covering their cocks, and one of them was moving rapidly against my foot, that he held hard against him with his hands. Both of their mouths were slightly open, and their eyes had that glazed, unfocused look of people whose attention was elsewhere. They were looking at me, but I do not know what it was that they were seeing.

I did know what I wanted to do next, though, and I turned to look again at my lover, silently asking him that question. He nodded, still smiling, and, taking his fingers from my pussy, he began to unbutton my blouse and let my big tits free. The sight of my big tits appearing from behind the blouse brought back the attention of the men at the table and I could feel their cocks stiffening even more under my feet. I removed one foot from a lap, and, with a little struggle, released the other from the hands holding it tight against his cock. With both my feet now safely on the ground, I slid off the banquette and knelt under the table on my hands and knees, my big tits and erect nipples swinging free, and my skirt riding up over my hips. There was not a great deal of room under the table, and soon my tits were pressed against the rough material of the trousers of one of the men, as I reached up to unbuckle his belt, and help him to release his hard cock from his boxer shorts. At the same time, the other man was helping himself to do the same thing. I had considered, when I had looked at them after I had come, that the man whom was holding my foot was the most excited, and closest to fulfilment. It was him, therefore, that I concentrated on first.

I released his cock from his shorts. It was long, thick, uncut, and very hard and swollen. I grasped it tightly in my hands, and began to lick the shaft. As I did so, I heard an appreciative gasp from above the table. My tits and nipples were rubbing against his trouser legs and the sensation stimulated me, with a direct line from my nipples to my clit, which was demanding some attention of its own once again. I did not want the other man to feel abandoned so I reached across with my hand and he guided it to grasp his cock, slightly thinner, but longer, and also very hard. He covered my hand to with his and began to move my hand up and down on his cock. I was reminded of my old saying, a cock in the mouth is worth two in the hands, but I was very excited by the cock around my mouth and the other cock in my hand. I felt movement behind me and then my lover's hand began stroking the back of my thighs, before sliding two fingers deep into my very wet pussy. I felt his thumb begin to caress my clit and, suddenly aware that I was playing with three men, the excitement of the situation overwhelmed me and I came again.

I recovered quickly as I knew that my mouth was urgently needed by the cock in front of my face. I licked the shaft more vigorously and then, opening my mouth wide, eased the big shiny head into my mouth, and began to caress the join with my tongue. My right hand was still pumping the other cock, but my lover had withdrawn his hand and my pussy felt slightly bereft. I began bobbing up and down on the cock in my mouth, and I felt its swell and heard him moaning far, it seemed, above the table. His hips began to thrust involuntarily, and I knew he was about to come. I focused all my concentration onto my mouth and, a few deep sucks later, I felt his cock pulsing as his come made its way up the shaft and squirted out of the head of his cock into my mouth. I held it briefly in my mouth to savour, before swallowing, and then let his cock slide out of my creamy mouth. I was desperately excited again and needed to come myself. I was still pumping the cock of the other man, and my lover must have known my state, because he slid something big and cold and hard and rounded into my pussy and the shock and excitement of it made me come immediately.

As I recovered from my orgasm, my mouth resting on the cock, I realised what had been slid into my pussy and had made me come. It was one of the rather phallic salt shakers that we had commented on earlier in the meal. Both my mind and body were now in tune with each other, and we knew what we wanted to do. I squeezed my pussy and succeeded in pushing the salt shaker out without using my hands, and it fell with a clatter onto the floor. I wanted something a longer, warmer, but just as hard, in my pussy. I wanted something warm and erect in my mouth.

With a final brief kiss to the shaft of the now detumescent cock in my face, I moved around so that I was facing my lover, and made my way with my head between his legs, to the familiar erect cock he was holding and stroking. I manoeuvred my bottom half, my skirt now riding up on my waist, between the legs of the man whose cock I had been holding. He understood immediately what I was offering, and, moving his chair back, he knelt behind me. Holding my hip with one hand, with the other he sought out my warm and wet pussy with his long cock. I began to lick and kiss my lover's hard and familiar cock as a new cock was rubbing against my clit. I moaned with pleasure into my lover's cock. I knew that I was about to experience something that we had often fantasised about, sucking my lover's cock as I was being fucked.

I opened my mouth wide to take his head into my mouth, and as I did so I felt my pussy being filled by a long and very hard cock, which slid very deep into me. I moaned once more, and wriggled my hips, which caused the man to begin to move inside me. The twin pleasures of two cocks in me were exquisite. I heard and felt movement, and then there was someone under the table with me. Even in the depth of my pleasure, I knew it had to be the man who had just come in my mouth. I was concentrating on my lover's hard cock in my mouth, and on the other cock that was filling my pussy, so it was a considerable shock when I felt two hands squeeze my bouncing tits, and then a mouth on first one nipple and then the other, kissing and then sucking hard. A feeling akin to an electric shock rammed through my body and the switch tripped in my clit and I came, my whole body pulsing with the force of it.

I did not really recover full consciousness, as my pussy was fucked ever harder, and deeper, and faster, as my nipples were sucked, both together in the mouth beneath me and I began to seriously suck my lover's cock in my mouth. I came again and I could feel that things were moving towards a climax in both my pussy and my mouth. The pleasure of my sucked nipples suffused my body, and as I felt the cock in my pussy pulse and jerk, and the hot ropes of his come as he squirted into me, I came once more. I recovered quickly, knowing that I wanted to provide my lover with some of the pleasure I had had, and with the release I had to already given to the others. I sucked him hard, my tongue against the join, and began to rub the area just below his balls. I felt him stiffen and swell in my mouth, and then I felt the pulsing of his come up his shaft and then exploding into my mouth, filling me with his love. The man sucking my tits reached down and touched my clit, and that was all it took to make me come again.

I held my lover's slowly detumescing cock in my mouth, savouring his come before swallowing it. The man behind me slid out of me and I could hear him adjusting his clothing before he resumed his seat. The man beneath me relinquished my nipples, and then moved out of the way, and back to his seat. I released my lover's cock from my mouth and, still under the table, began to button my blouse, and then pull my skirt down. I slid back onto the banquette beside my lover. They were all smiling at me. I smiled back at them.

'That was a very memorable meal,' said my companion of the mouth and nipples.

'It was indeed,' said my companion of the hand and pussy.

'Perhaps we can do it again some time,' I said with a smile.

'I think we would all enjoy it that,' said my lover putting his hand on my thigh.

'But now I need to go home,' I said.

And with polite handshakes to our companions, my lover and I left the restaurant hand in hand.

'What a pleasant evening,' I said, as I snuggled up to my lover, remembering my many orgasms and the fact that I had the come of three men inside me.