 After many years I finally got that well deserved promotion. I had made some very simple plans of taking my lovely woman along for the celebration. I had already made reservations to the most expensive and classy restaurant in town. We made ourselves ready and were on our way out the door. Suddenly we both stopped as we looked longingly at one another. The restaurant, being high-class, required formal attire of their guests. So I was dressed to the tee in my classic tuxedo with regal purple cumber bun and matching bow tie. Being well trimmed and clean-shaven I must admit I looked sharp. And what lay before my eyes was like looking upon the pearly gates of Heaven. Dressed in her beautiful black evening dress that hung off one shoulder while the other was draped in the same regal color, across her figure like that of a beauty queen. The amethyst earrings added even more sparkle to her smile. Her long hair and deep red lips did nothing to conceal the fiery passion within her. As we looked upon each other we embraced for a long passionate kiss. Forcing ourselves to break from one another we walked out the door in a hurry to make it in time for our reservation. 

We made it in with a few minutes to spare and were promptly seated by our gracious host. As our red wine was served we made our order, then we simply waited. There was very little talk as we just stared in each other's eyes and sipped the wine. As I looked at her sitting next to me at our table I suddenly tensed up and a shiver went up my spine. She had slipped her hand under the table and caressed my thigh as her hand made its way up to my crotch. She saw the touch of surprise in my eyes and only smiled. I was concerned that someone might figure out what was going on. My cock was stirred as hand traveled up my thigh, and now as she cupped and played with my balls through my pants, with steadying hardness my cock showed appreciation for the attention. As she continued to knead my balls and stroke my shaft through the material I became so hard the confines of my pants had become painful. 

The sudden ting of metal broke me from my trance quickly. I looked around, still with the fear of being caught. I was put at ease to find out that it was just that a fork had fallen from our table. Before I could say a word she offered to get it and was quickly under the table. I was starting to feel more at ease cause I was expecting our food soon. Then just as quickly some deft fingers grabbed at my cock and released it out the open fly of my pants. So I did not move as I sit exposed under the table. I could feel one hand grab the shaft as I felt her hot breath across the base of my cock. With her tongue she ran it very slowly up my shaft, I twitched. As she reached the top she circled the head. Then for a second there was nothing. Until heat and wetness covered me like a glove, then I realized in one motion she had taken my entire length in her mouth. I bucked involuntarily at the mouth that now surrounded my manhood. She sucked in tighter as she brought her lips up my shaft and held her lips pursed around the head. As she held me still in her mouth she again flickered her tongue in circles around the head. I was afraid I would burst. 

"Is everything ok?" the waiter asked.

Recovering quickly I said, "yes, all is fine."

And as my lady appeared from under the table she quickly explained she had only dropped her fork. The waiter took it without hesitation and was off to get her another. As I took the time to catch my breath I somehow realized that I had not been put back together. She knew this and as soon as the waiter was gone her hand was again wrapped around my cock. With a firm grip she began stroking slowly. And without loosing a beat she leaned over and whispered in my ear,

"I'm going to keep you hard ALL nigh.t"

I was at a loss for words; all I could do was raise an eyebrow as I began to grasp what I was in for. We both suddenly looked up as our waiter appeared with our orders. I quickly took plates with both hands and sat them down. She accepted her plate from the waiter with her free hand while her other hand kept a steady rhythm on my cock under the table. As we ate our dinner she continued to work, making sure to not put me over the edge, but at the same time keep my member rigid at attention. As she ate she would from time to time grip firmly and stroke her hand up and down the shaft a time or two. I couldn't take it much longer so I thought, surely two could play this game. I dropped a hand down and slowly guided it up her thigh, taking the dress along with me. I brought my hand to her inner thigh and as my fingers ran across her panties I could feel her wetness. 

As I hooked a finger I pulled her panties to one side, leaving her bare lips naked to my touch. I caressed her outer lips a bit then let my middle finger travel up her slit till it ran across her clit. As the sensation overtook her body she turned and looked at me with eyes of passion. 

I started stoking her, slowly at first, but steadily I moved my hand faster over her little button. Soon, she had relaxed her hold on my rod, but I stayed rock solid as we sat looking at each other. As her fiery eyes burned right through me she bit her lower lip holding back the sounds of passion. I was lost in the moment, filled with desire, then she leaned over and whispered in my ear, 

"Put your fingers inside me." 

I slowly slid my middle finger in her as it was surrounded by warmth and flowing juices. After a few soft strokes I inserted another finger, and shortly after yet another. I picked up my rhythm as my three fingers probed. My hand was getting wet quickly so I was expecting her to shutter with her first orgasm of the evening. Just as I was beginning to wonder how she would hold back she again whispered in my ear, 

"Remove those fingers now or you will be finishing what I started on your own tonight".

With a bit of shock and great reluctance I did what she asked. As I reached for the cloth napkin to wipe my hand the loose hold she had on my cock instantly became a vice grip. I froze as I heard her say, 

"stop...now bring your hand to your nose and take a deep breath.". 

Slowly, knowing exactly what she was after, I brought my hand directly under my nose. As I did so her grip on my cock all but disappeared. I inhaled deeply and was overwhelmed by her arousing scent. My cock jumped and throbbed at the familiar smell. Pressure on my cock had built so much that I could not help it as my cum started leaking all over the head and down the shaft as it coated her delicate fingers. Bringing her hand from beneath the table I could clearly see her hand was coated, glistening wet with my cum. As she looked right into my eyes, she brought the hand to her mouth and slowly licked my juices clean off. She then took each finger in turn in her mouth, inserting the entire length before her lips wrapped tightly around the digit. Seductively she slowly removed each, starting with her pinky, licking them clean as they left her pursed lips. As she cleaned the last, her index finger, she opened her mouth again.

I could see her tongue curled up the underneath side as she licked up to, then circled around her fingertip. Then one smack of her lips as she wrapped them tightly around the tip and removed the last digit completely. 

I was entranced as she leaned over and said, "seems you can't take much more of this fun" as she smiled.

Then I heard those blessed words I'd waited for all night, "alright honey, time to go."

As if only a thought, she was back together as if nothing had happened, things were a little more difficult for me. With our dinner only half-eaten, I called the waiter over for the check. He seemed puzzled, but did what I asked. We each took another drink of our wine, paid our bill and were up from our table in a flash. I took her hand and assumed lead as we dashed for the car. With a bit of trouble I fastened my safety belt and we were on the road. I felt like a racehorse on the home stretch ready to win the big prize. My cock was still throbbing. 

She looked to me and said, "seems you're having a bit of trouble, don't worry I'll take care of it."

I had my hands busy with driving and had time to say nothing before my member was again pulled free from the pants that concealed it. But this time, with care, she brought my balls out into the open as well. It didn't take long for me to figure out why. She held my stiff cock in one hand as she lowered her head. She went straight for those balls she was so gracious to free. She licked and sucked on them gently. As the pleasure hit me my foot weighed heavier on the gas. She just continued to work. A sudden flash got my attention. I looked in the rear view mirror to see behind me a set of flashing blue lights, one of the boys-in-blue. Quickly I pulled the car over, the siren didn't even sound. As the car pulled in behind me I tried to get her attention. 

In a hushed voice I said, "please stop... no more... not now."

The only reaction she gave was something between a moan and a laugh. Suddenly a flash of white light passed in through the window, already half-down. My girl froze in mid-stroke as she heard,

"May I see your license and registration, sir."

Sitting up quickly in the passenger seat she tried to act innocent. Unfortunately, she had forgotten to put me back together. I handed my license through the window. But as the cop lowered her head to the window I was in full view. Yes a female cop. I turned a flush red and was so struck I didn't even think to cover up. Her eyes lit up as she looked at me. Then with a passing look at the beautiful lady next to me she said,

"Well now, I see we have a problem here. Under the circumstances I think you need an escort to be sure you make it home safely." 

As the cop headed back to her car I put myself together again. She pulled out ahead of me letting her lights flash and a siren blast here and there. Taking the lead, she set the pace. So I followed her cruising a comfortable 70mph down the highway. A passing thought caught my mind, how does she know where we live? Then I realized she had not returned my license. 

As we came to my home the cop pulled to the front yard while I passed her to park in the driveway. Just as I was about to get out of the car the cop again was at my window. My front lawn, having better lighting then what I could get from the street lamps gave me a better view of this woman who was authorized to use lethal force. Just as it is part of the business, the full-dress navy blue uniform did well to keep much of her under cover. Her hair was pulled underneath her hat, and raven lockes that hung over the ears, but did not touch her shoulder. As she leaned over putting her arms crossed, over the driver door I noticed a softer red that painted her nails matched the color of her lips. I judged from her face that she didn't seem she could be more then twenty-four. 

Pretty young I thought, she must be new on the force. And as I looked into her dark green eyes she said, 

"You two be more careful and have a good night."

I could only say, "of course officer, thank you."

The officer stood up and we made our way out of the car. As I closed the door behind me I could not help it, my eyes traveled from the ground where she stood in her high-polished black boots and slowly up over the whole body. 

She was not lacking in size anywhere, though her build was an athletic one. She surely keeps in shape simply as a necessity of the job. As I again looked in the eyes of that 5'6" frame she smiled. She then took her hat off and let her hair fall free, shaking her head, letting her lockes drape over her shoulders and half-way down her back. She put her free hand on her hip and cocked her hand in the other as if aiming it at me. 

She said, "I'll let you off only with a warning this time," with an attempt at authority in her voice.

She turned to walk away. Slowly as she swayed those hips I couldn't help but look at her ass. As I heard her speak again, I looked up. She could tell where my eyes had been. Still with her ass to me she had turned her head over her shoulder and said,

"If I catch you two again I'll have to use the cuffs. You'll be brought in for reckless driving and exposure, though personally I would not call it indecent."

With those words her eyes abruptly shifted to a new point. And though I was no longer fully erect it also had not recovered from earlier in the evening. My cock jumped, knowing the full attention of those eyes was on it. She gave a knowing smile, then turned and walked to her car and drove off. Still entranced, watching the patrol car leaving down my half-lit street, when I felt to arms wrap around me from behind. One hand went straight up my chest until it firmly cradled my neck in its grasp, the other hand darted below my belt hooking under my balls and gripping tightly around my cock. Unable to move as I felt the hot breath on my neck I could only shift my eyes toward my lady as she whispered in my ear.

Softly she said, "don't you want to finish what I started?"

The instant she let up on her hold of me I quickly turned to her with eyes wide, fumbled for the keys, then pulling her behind with one hand I took the lead. Once inside we franticly began removing our clothes. She did with ease what sure was an endeavor for me. She simply pulled her dress off the one shoulder and it dropped in a puddle at her feet. 

Working so hard to get myself free of my clothing, it was not until my jacket and shirt were completely undone and I looked up after removing my shoes that I noticed. There she stood before me dressed in a beautiful piece of lingerie, two pieces, a black top with spaghetti straps over the shoulder that draped loosely over her ample breasts. And a sexy pair of panties outlined in black lace. Then I realized, were she not clearly wet between her legs, the purple coloring of those panties would have matched that of her dress. Also, being so wet, her panties did nothing to hide the beautiful lips behind them. In fact, they clung so tightly to her those lips were clearly outlined for my viewing pleasure.

I could wait no longer. I was once again throbbing hard as I held her close and we locked in a wet passionate kiss. As our tongues began to dance our hands started to wander. As both her hands were lightly stroking my chest one of my hands was caressing her thigh while the other slipped right under her flimsy top, cupping her breast. After holding her there, breast in hand with the nipple between two fingers, I grasped her nipple with my thumb and a finger and stroked and pulled bringing her to new heights with such sensitivity. She could not help but respond to my touch. With our lips still locked together she let out a muffled moan in pleasure. With that response I brought my other hand up from her thigh and drove it directly under the waistband of her now soaked panties. A few long strokes across those lips and her hips began to gyrate. But when I slipped two fingers inside her with just a few probing strokes, she could take no more. As I removed my juice covered fingers and began tasting her sweet essence, she dropped to her knees. Before I knew it my belt was undone and in one move my pants and underwear were around my ankles. She went right for it, taking my entire length in her mouth. As I savored her juices she simply rolled her tongue underneath my shaft as it remained in her mouth. As my juices leaked out again she just pursed her lips tightly and sucked me hard as she pulled her head back my rod, releasing me with a "pop" sound from her lips. Thinking that she once again had gained control, she stood and ran toward the stairs, clearly with the intent of continuing her plans in our bedroom. But my animal instinct had taken over control and I was not about to wait or cage the animal within me.

As she made her way up the stairs I grabbed an ankle. As she struggled she slowly fell up the steps on her hands and knees. Once in this position I brought myself up to her quickly. Holding her with one hand I took my other and pulled her panties down. As the panties wrapped around her knees movement were even more restricted. I Held her in place with my right hand firmly over her shoulder. I watched as her lips parted slowly, inviting my cock as I entered her. Once inside her I started with purpose. I met her body each time with quick, smacking thrusts, before long she was bucking back, meeting each thrust. With both hands I reached for her breasts. I cupped each one holding her nipples firmly between two fingers. She brought her body up to mine and was now only on her knees. She turned her head toward my fingers and we kissed passionately as we made love. 

We continued kissing as I took her in both arms and carried her up the steps to our bedroom. Once inside, I lay her across the bed and I suck and lick at her breasts a bit making sure the nipples stay hard and wet. As I kiss her softly between her breasts I again enter her. She moans to me softly. My hips thrust toward her as our bodies press against one another. I feel her soft breasts against my chest. Our breath is heavy as we kiss each other with heated passion. As our lips part I lower my head and take one long lick up her neck and under the chin. I seized the moment as she arched her head back. I was back up with her legs raised over my shoulders before she opened her eyes. Wrapping my arms around each leg, my hands gripped her inner thighs. I had waited all night for this pleasure, the game of slow teasing long gone, and pumping fast and furious we were on the home stretch. 

Pounding her hard and fast the bed quaked in rhythm to our bodies. And I watched as her beautiful breasts were tossed about her chest as if performing some erotic dance. Her body writhing in joy and ecstasy, her moans were quickly approaching screams.

"Oooohhh God!!,.... Oooohhh God!!" she moans loudly.

she continues, "...that feels sooo....," then stops.

"Oh my, I'm ready baby! I'm going to come!!" she screams.

Knowing this only brought me over the top. Pumping in her only a few more times before I pull out of her. Aiming my shaft toward her face she leans forward taking my cock in her mouth. I shoot deep inside her mouth time and time again. And as she tries to swallow it all I reach down with one hand and squeeze her clit between a finger and thumb. Moaning loudly, she hums her pleasure over my shaft. I watch as just a bit of my juices spill out the side of her lips. 

Then without warning she started screaming, "I'm coming...I'm coming... YES...YES....YES!!"

She gyrated as orgasms, one after another, ran throughout her body. As I still had her clit in my fingers I feel her pleasure as my hand becomes covered in her juices. Then as her body settles down into the bliss of her climax she looks at me again with eyes of passion. Looking straight into my eyes, she takes one finger and lifts my juices of the side of her lip and sucks it deep into her mouth.

"I love to taste you, baby," she says to me in her soft, sensuous voice.

Giving her a bit of a wicked smile I again lowered my head between her legs. With my tongue I give her some long slow licks lapping up the juices over her juicy pink lips. 

Then I bury my tongue deep inside wanting to taste every drop of her. She moans again to the pleasure she receives. I lift my head up with my chin just inches from her pussy as she looks down at me. With my face covered in her juices I smile looking into her eyes and say, 

"So do I babe, so do I," as I lick my lips. 

Satisfied we both lay close to one another, on our sides, spooning one another. We fall asleep, my arms wrapped around her, our bodies entwined and my cock again deep inside her. 

A familiar sensation slowly stirs me awake as I feel my growing hardness engulfed in warmth and wetness. With effort I try and open my eyes, to look in my lady's eyes and admire her lips so sensually wrapped firmly over my hardness. My heart began to race and my breathing increased, as I realized with my eyes fully open, I was still in complete darkness. Instinctually I jerked my left wrist trying to get at what denied my view, but something held me back. I could only hear a metal clanging, like loose change in a pocket or a set of keys as I pulled, the grip was firm I couldn't move it. I tried with my other wrist, the same familiar clanging sound and again I was restrained.
