 The real question is... can Katie be satisfied with just one guy? 

You know what's not fair? Guys can brag about sex all they want, whether they did it or not, and other guys praise and envy them for their success... for their conquests. 

But us girls? Guess what... guys need us or there are no conquests, yet we don't dare tell even our closest friends about it or we're branded as sluts or worse. 

From my point of view though, guys were my conquests too. I just couldn't boast about it so I discretely started to put each of them in a special trophy case I kept in a corner of my mind. It didn't take me too long to realize I was going to need a bigger case. 

I thrived on a lot of sex. I was thrilled by variety and truth be told, I had become totally addicted to pleasuring cocks. Lots of 'em. I had no real intention of ever finding... him. 

Now, was it possible? Was I in a relationship? I'd been so happy playing the field, experiencing as many different guys as I could. From quick one-time BJs to full on gang-bangs, I was your poster-girl eager slut and up for just about anything. 

My two years of Business College had finished, and so had all the wild, multiple-partner sex that I'd enjoyed. The best I could seem to get now was some standard one-on-one suck and fuck times, and maybe the occasional three-way with a couple of willing guys. 

Then I went and met this guy. His name was Jack and I liked him. A lot. It shocked me that I felt inspired to settle down. There was just something about him. 

We met at this volunteer function I was working, and he came across as one of the nicest, sexiest young men I'd ever met. He was tall, with dark brown hair and amazing green eyes. Breathtakingly handsome and obviously athletic. He was much too shy, and I had to make eye contact with him several times that evening before he approached me. 

We began to date casually for a while, and he didn't even pressure me for sex. He was a polite gentleman. On those evenings when I couldn't see him I often went out trolling, and it never took me too long to lay my hands on some new dick. But then I'd think about Jack. For the first time in my life I actually felt ever so slightly guilty about random sex. 

I was really falling for Jack. He was calm and responsible, so mature for his young age. After a few dates once we finally got around to sex, he presented me with about the nicest cock I'd ever had the pleasure of taking down my throat. 

He didn't know yet that I was a semen loving slut. I got off at the mere thought of having a new man-banana in my mouth. That sensation thrilled me, and I loved pleasing a man to orgasm and swallowing his cum. 

Jack's wasn't the longest I'd had the pleasure of experiencing, but he was a solid eight inches. It was straight and smooth and had the most beautifully shaped head. It was right up there with the thickest cocks I'd encountered, and his balls were noticeably bigger than most. 

I loved how much my mouth excited him. I had total power over him when I sucked his cock, especially each time I took him to orgasm and he pumped out his hot cum load for me to swallow. He was a giving lover. He eagerly worked his fingers and tongue to please me. I orgasmed so much. He was an excellent fuck, too. 

He had a great job and wasn't shy with his cash, drove a nice car and treated me with ultimate respect. I was proud to be with him and unexpectedly here I was... in a relationship! 

He gave me awesome sex, strengthened me emotionally and inspired my confidence. I'd never have believed I could feel this way, especially with only one cock on the menu. 

His positive attitude encouraged me to claim my own independence and soon I became gainfully employed. My two full years of college helped me to land an interesting administrative position at a local supply and distribution center. It was steady work and paid quite well, and it was offered to me as a ground floor opportunity to develop as their warehousing business grew. 

Jack was pleased that I had accepted this job, and with it the possibilities that a steady income provides. I was still living with my parents, so it was all money in the bank from my point of view. I could shop, pay them a little rent, and still have some fun cash left over. 

There was a fairly large staff working there, and Sam the inventory manager was a really nice and helpful guy. Young and friendly, but without a wife or girlfriend. I quite enjoyed his tutoring and companionship on the job, and kind of felt bad he wasn't getting any. 

So what was I to do? College was over and so was that whole awesome, multi-partner, orgy filled episode. Rob, my fuck buddy, had moved out of my parent's basement. I couldn't see Jack everyday. Sam and I chatted about various topics, and occasionally sexual innuendos snuck into the conversation. 

I quickly decided that I needed to sample Sam's penis. I told him I had a steady boyfriend, and I was committed to him. I teasingly suggested that since I cared for Jack so much I didn't screw other guys anymore. 

"So you don't screw, but...?" he commented, followed by a little smirk. 

I smiled, bit my bottom lip just a little, then responded, "It's been my experience that most men like receiving oral sex." 

He looked into my eyes with an expression of disbelief, but finally nodded his head, cautiously leaving the next move up to me. 

"Okay, here's what I have in mind," I suggested. "This has nothing to do with work and we agree to keep it separate and discrete. I've got my first steady boyfriend so I don't want to screw it up yet by fucking other guys. But, if you'd like it would be my pleasure to give you a blow job right now and we'll see where it goes from there." 

It was no surprise that he agreed. We worked in a big facility, with lots of private little nooks and crannies, and both of us knew our way around it well. We urgently found a safe and private spot and rounded up a nice soft cushion for me to kneel on. I get uncontrollably excited every time I'm about to suck a new cock, and I orgasmed in my panties. 

I dropped to my knees and impatiently pulled down his pants so I could stroke and inspect his dick and explore his balls. 

He was already hard as granite and oozing pre-cum. I licked it off and it tasted so good. I took his throbbing cock head into my mouth and started sucking, but didn't get to deep-throat. There was no time. In less than thirty seconds from the moment my lips wrapped around his hard-on, he tensed up, grunted and blew his load. Wild spurts of his hot cum splashed against the back of my throat and I barely managed to catch it all in my mouth. Obviously he had some serious pressure stored up. 

He had a nice package and tasty cum, so he easily passed my test blow job. I shuddered and orgasmed again. He immediately apologized for ejaculating so quickly. 

"I'll do better next time." he promised before I'd even finished swishing around and then swallowing that first mouthful of his cum. 

I smiled up at him and teased, "You think there will be a next time?" 

Of course, there was. I worked at the same company for a little over two years. All that time I was dating Jack, then engaged to him, then married. But at work, I had my friend Sam, and we had our secret little spot. Whenever I wanted he'd happily let me suck his cock, deep-throat him and swallow his cum. 

We added a clause to our little agreement. Even though sometimes the urge was strong, we agreed I would only suck him off once a day. Never more than that. 

I chose to add one more little requirement, though. It had to be everyday. 

Five days a week for about two years I'd go to work, perform my duties in exemplary fashion, and take fifteen or so minutes out of my mid-morning schedule to get with Sam so I could passionately suck his hard dick and swallow his hot juice. 

He wasn't overly endowed or anything outside of average in the man-package department, but I didn't care. He had a cock. It got hard because of me. I got to suck it and pleasure him to orgasm, and he gave me his cum. That was what we both liked and needed. 

Nobody but him and I ever knew, and neither one of us ever missed day of work. Pretty good employee incentive plan. 

I'd been working there for over a year when my wedding day came along. I did feel a little guilty at first. Jack and I would suck and fuck like wild honeymooners most nights, yet I was still getting an extra cum load every week day he didn't know about. Oh well, Jack didn't need to know everything, I assured myself. 

Sam and I had a fun relationship. Nothing serious, because he knew I loved the guy that was my boyfriend, then my fiancé, and that had now become my husband. Sam also knew how much I enjoyed sucking his cock. I remember one day, I was still on my knees swishing around my daily mouthful of his jizz, and he remarked, "Katie, you are the ultimate hotwife." 

I swallowed, enjoyed the usual orgasm in my panties, then asked, "What's a hotwife?" 

He snickered and explained, "It's a hot and sexy married woman that loves her husband, but still needs other guys for fulfillment." 

"Fuck... that's me alright. I didn't know there was term for it. I like that!" 

"And you're sure your husband doesn't know about us?" he inquired. 

"Pretty sure. He knows I've had a few other experiences, but secrets are fun too." 

"What kind of experiences?" 

"Well, I haven't told him everything, but he is curious. He knows I was a little wild in college. But for example, the night him and me met, we made plans to get together at the beach the next day. I didn't get to see him though. Turns out I got there early and these two other guys saw me and my girlfriend and decided to try and pick us up." 

"Oh. Then what happened?" Sam inquired, flirtatiously curious. 

"That's what Jack asked!" I replied with a giggle. "I was ready and in the mood expecting to see Jack, but I couldn't turn these guys down. We took off with the guys in their car, went to a private spot, and I did what I like best." 

"I'm guessing you gave one of them a blow job?" 

"No, silly. I sucked them both off. So did my girlfriend. We each did one, took a break, then switched. It was fun." 

"Katie, you truly are a... umm... adventurous. What did Jack say when you told him?" 

"He was a little surprised, but then he asked, 'So, if we'd met up I could've been your third dick of the day?'" 

"And what did his future hotwife say?" 

"I remember looking him in the eye, smiling and answering, 'Could've been'. I know that answer made his dick twitch. He doesn't get jealous and in fact I think it turns him on that I like to suck other cocks. He's open-minded and knows what makes me happy. It's all good." 

"Are you going to tell him a about us?" Sam inquired, sounding a little concerned. 

"I doubt it. He hasn't asked so I don't think he suspects anything." 

I enjoyed our little talk, then gave Sam's dick the usual last deep suck to slurp up those remaining tasty cum dribbles. After a quick kiss I returned to my desk among my co-workers, feeling smug and contented. I often wondered if that's what Mona Lisa was smiling about in her famous portrait. 

Jack and I had bought a small older house when we first got married, but very quickly decided we wanted something bigger and newer. We searched around and agreed on a realtor that seemed like a nice guy. Jack decided Roy had a good attitude and the right experience to help find our next home. 

I thought since he was ruggedly handsome, six-foot-five and single, he'd be an excellent choice as our realtor. Jack was really busy with long days at work, and I always knew I could be home before three each afternoon. We agreed I would accompany Roy whenever he found us a house listing that was worth a quick look. If I liked it, we could make arrangements so the three of us could go through it together later. 

I think it was about the third house Roy showed me that week, and we were having fun. Nice homes to view, casual conversation, maybe a little innuendo. He was a cool guy and through careful observations I suspected there was something significant lurking in his pants. 

We went inside to check the latest place out and he said, "I thought you might really like this house. I've booked ahead, and we have it all to ourselves for a full hour. You can inspect it at your leisure." 

We did, and after a thorough yet brief walkthrough, we ended up standing in the middle of the kitchen. He smiled and asked, "So what was your impression?" 

"I think I like this place," I replied, "but even more so, I'm very curious to see what you're hiding in those neatly pressed pants of yours." 

I ignored the look of shock on his face as I aggressively pushed him against the corner counter area, slid to my knees and undid his belt and zipper. When I pulled down everything including his boxers, a magnificent ten-inch cock sprang up and whacked me right on the chin. It was a beauty, as thick as Jack's but a couple of inches longer. I gave him a few strokes and gently squeezed his big balls. I wrapped it with both hands and still had the entire circumcised head of his dick exposed and suckable. Very nice! 

I looked up and he was smiling at my wide eyed reaction. He'd likely seen similar responses from a few fortunate ladies before. 

"May I?" I asked, as if he had a choice. 

I circled my tongue around the head a few times. He inhaled sharply when I took him between my moistened lips and into my mouth. I could tell he was a smoker by the taste of this great big cock. I didn't mind and I kind of liked the extra musky flavor. Mostly, I just loved having another new cock in my mouth, especially one of this caliber. 

I gave him a minute or so of decent BJ action, taking him deeper and deeper, then paused when he said, "Wow, you're really fucking good." 

I hoped I was capable of my next interesting personal challenge. I could deepthroat Jack's thick eight-incher no problem, and had encountered a few longer, but not as thick. Now I was holding onto my longest thick cock ever and stroking it with both hands. 

I smiled and looked up at him. I guess he could see the delight in my eyes and he commented, "You like doing that, don't you?" 

I nodded happily and then licked off a big droplet of his pre-cum. It tasted so nice. 

A gush of my own juice soaked my panties as I considered taking this big, long dick down my throat. I wondered if I could handle it... this was exciting! 

I took him back into my mouth, made sure things were slobbery wet, then placed my hands on his outer thighs and pushed my head forward as I guided his entire ten-inches down my throat. No problem, it went down easy. Holy shit, it felt really good! 

Roy was shocked, "You do deepthroat!" 

I held him all the way in, then released with my usual popping sound to catch a breath. I smiled up at him and asked, "You like that?" 

"You are amazing. This is a first for me." 

I smiled even wider, then took him all the way down again. I pressed my nose against his pelvis and felt his big balls shifting restlessly on my chin. My lips were stretched around the thick, pulsating base. His supple throbbing cock head penetrated into my throat and I held it there, massaging it, clenching and relaxing my throat muscles. 

He groaned as I squeezed and released him, deep inside my throat, over and over. 

"Oh my God, that feels so good!" he exclaimed. 

I began to move my head back and forth in gloriously long stokes as I throat fucked him. The feel of all that smooth skin on his lengthy shaft sliding though my moist lips had me quivering with excitement. 

I stopped a couple of times for a breath and to flash him a sincere smile. Then I'd take him deep and stuff his bulbous cock head back into my yielding throat. Finally, I felt his muscles tensing and he started to moan. 

If a cock can be described as having torque, then this monster did. It became so hard it actually arched up and to the left a bit, pulling my willing mouth and head along with it. That was so very forceful and exhilarating. He was almost ready. 

I paused to look up into his eyes and told him, "Roy, I want you to come in my mouth." 

I clamped my lips just past the ring of his big purple head and stroked the long shaft. His strong cock jerked and spasmed. I heard him shout, "I gotta come!" and I felt the pumping surges begin as powerful jets of hot, creamy cum exploded against the back of my throat. 

"Holy fuck!" he exclaimed as I held him there until the forceful pulses of his climax subsided and his dick began to relax. He was vibrating. 

"Sweet Jesus, you're fantastic, Katie!" 

I released his cock from my lips and sat back on my heels so I could stroke and admire it. I smiled up at him, then opened my mouth briefly to show him the giant load of juice that I'd received. I swished it around, then swallowed, and almost fell over as I enjoyed an overpowering orgasm. 

"Christ, Katie," he panted, "you really know how to suck a cock!" 

"Thank you." I responded, totally pleased that he'd allowed me to enjoy his magnificent manhood. It was a very special moment, one that I'll always remember. 

I leaned in and suckled his long, girthy trouser-python deeply and enjoyed feeling it gradually soften in my delighted mouth. It gave me a warm inner feeling of powerful satisfaction that I'd provided him with a genuinely intense orgasm. 

I've always loved to suckle a deflating cock as my way of saying thanks. I let Roy's rest there between my lips, safe and secure, as I explored and caressed it ever so gently with my tongue. I shuddered when my mouth felt the thud of a heartbeat. It suggested new beginnings. Then there was another thud, then another. Soon I felt it start to stir, thicken and pulse against my lips. With some careful attention and manipulation, his splendidly suckable penis quickly grew back into that huge, throbbing cock, fully recovered inside my excited mouth. 

Round two usually takes a little longer, which is good by me. I was happy to provide some almost non-stop dedicated sucking and intense throat fucking. Roy's super-sized cock finally surrendered another fresh mouthful of hot, juicy cum for me to savor and swallow. 

I'd been on my knees in front of him for probably close to half-an-hour enthusiastically sucking out those two loads. He was shaking after, and he told me how impressed and amazed he was by my talent and obvious enjoyment. I was way ahead of him in orgasms. 

Roy and I decided to look at several more houses over the next few weeks. He'd book ahead for at least one private showing each time and I'd look forward to providing him with my attentive oral action. A few times he booked more than one house a day for a one-hour private showing. 

On those occasions I'd suck his gorgeous cock at one and then get him to fuck me at the next. While my tight, pink hole dealt with his thickness, his length reached the limit of my depth. When he came in me I felt every squirt of his hot cum splash into the top of my pussy and I orgasmed incredibly. On those days it felt so nice that he'd given me at least two big loads. One and sometimes two to swallow and one for my hot hole to cherish and enjoy. 

Roy hadn't heard the term hotwife before, but agreed wholeheartedly when I explained it to him. 

The fact was, during this episode of my life, I got to suck off Sam each morning, then enjoy Roy's big cock most afternoons, and still got with my loving husband Jack regularly. 

Sam and Roy had no idea how extra-slutty I was being, and I felt pretty sure my husband didn't either. I'd become a very discrete slut, and Sam was right, I was a fucking hotwife! 

Not that long ago back in college there were days when I got so much cock it made me feel fulfilled and euphoric, like an addicted, cum-drunk slut. Those feelings had become more subdued recently, now that I was a married woman. 
