 After receiving the blow job of my dreams, I slept like a log and when I woke up, the message light was flashing on my phone. They'd been waiting in the restaurant for a half hour already. 

I quickly showered and dressed, then threw everything into the small bag I used each night rather than carry my entire suitcase into the hotel. 

When I walked into the restaurant, June, (Mrs. Langley) walked past me, smiling. "I'm glad to see you survived the first round," she said, patting my ass as she walked past. 

Dale,(Mr. Langley) was all smiles when I approached the table and I suddenly remembered what I'd done with his wife the night before. Nothing to do but play innocent. 

"Morning, Dale,"

He chuckled and motioned for me to sit down. "Well, you don't seem any the worse for wear. She gave you a good workover though, that's for sure."

"Who?" I asked. 

He laughed so hard, he choked. "Just between me and you, you were no match for that woman, and I doubt you ever will be."

"Hey! Wait a minute. You know about last night?"

"Hell yes. I was watching from the door between the rooms. Don't you think I know my woman by now? She's one of the most passionate women I've ever known. I can't keep up with her so letting her do her thing is the only way I can keep her around. Hell,I had a hard time keeping up with her when I was younger. She keeps me happy and in return, she lets me watch and sometimes I get to participate."

I was stunned to say the least. They had fooled me completely. I had no idea I was getting into anything like this. Hell, I didn't know people this old even had sex.

"You might have warned me or something," I said. He just laughed all the harder. 

"Why? That would spoil all the surprise." He leaned toward me to whisper, "Hell, I beat my cock to a pulp last night watching what you went through. Don't let it bother you, John. I guarantee you there will be more surprises to come but be sure of one thing. You won't have time to feel the need for sex as long as you're traveling with us. Just relax and enjoy the ride."

"Aren't you forgetting one little fact? I'm happily married."

"You still will be when you get home, son. No one is going to be the wiser and your cock will thank you forever. Hey, you'll go home so horny your wife will want you to come see us again. That's one thing I can promise you."

"Are you sullying my reputation again, Darling?" June asked as she rejoined us. "Good morning John, I had to go to the ladies room to refresh some memories and take care of the affects. How did you sleep?"

"Like a log."

"One of the side effects of good sex," she replied. "My poor darling here was so exhausted he could barely make it to bed, and all that because we enjoyed a short time of hot sex while he watched. What do you think, Darling, is this going to work out?"

"It will if he can stand it. He's got a lot of potential if we train him right."

"You know, I'm not comfortable with this arrangement," I said. "It's not that I didn't appreciate what happened last night. You damned near screwed me to the bed, but I don't like cheating on Debbi."

"I know that, John, and you're to be admired for your loyalty. To tell you the truth, if you choose to stop, you certainly can. It is, after all, your choice. You're free to head back anytime you want," she said. "Of course, we only owe you for one day's pay and you'll have to provide your own transportation back. I'll just get hold of Danny and have him send someone else with less scruples, that's all. It's up to you how you explain things to your wife. I won't call her or anything. She'll just have to find another way to get the money she wants, won't she?"

"Isn't that some form of blackmail?"

"Oh, I don't think so, John, because I'm not asking for your money or anything. Besides, where's your proof?"

"Shit," I mumbled. "Let's eat and get on the road if we're going to make it across Wyoming by tonight." I said.

"Oh, I forgot to tell you, John. Dale and I made some changes in our route for today. We're tired of the interstate already so we laid out a better route based on previous trips out here. I've got the map in my bag in the room. We can go over it before we leave. It's a beautiful drive with lots of scenery and special attractions."

"Oh great! You do realize that this is going to slow us up enough to make drastic changes in when we get to California."

"I suppose, but the benefits outweigh the time factor. When we get to the motel tonight, you might want to call your wife and let her know we added to our itinerary which means you get more money for her to go shopping with. As a matter of fact, if you want me to call her for you, I will. I'm sure us girls can work things out." June replied.

We finished breakfast and took some time to review the changes in the lobby of the hotel before we left. They had added hours onto our route, taking scenic routes through mountainous terrain. This wasn't going to add hours, it was going to add days and I could see through some of their devious plan. Old man Hawkins wasn't going to be happy but then again, it was his idea, and they were his customers and friends so what the hell. It would be interesting to see what June could say to Debbi and what kind of reaction she'd get.

Everything went smoothly all morning and the atmosphere was inspiring to say the least. Sex hadn't come up even once but we talked about the scenery and the history of the area, (Dale was very knowledgeable about that.) A couple of times we stopped to watch some antelope kick their way across the scrub covered hills of Wyoming, only to disappear over a small rise. 

"That's the way to go," she said. "Run around and fuck whenever you want to."

"That's not what they do, honey, we talked about that before."

"I know," she said, "but that's the way it would be in my imaginary world," she replied, then laughed loudly at her own statement.

We drove for quite a while, until she had me slow down so she could watch for a landmark of some kind. 

"There! There it is, Dale. Remember the last time we were here? Turn right just past the big rock with the writing on it. We were going to bring some stuff to take that graffiti off of there but we forgot."

"I can get it taken care of honey," Dale said. "I just completely forgot."

"That's ok," she said. "We both did."

The road the turned off was just dirt. Dry, dusty rangeland type with just a bit more than two ruts paralleling each other as they headed away from the road. 

"How far do we go back here?" I asked. 

"Road dead ends in a couple of miles, John. There's a small lake or pond. You'll see a stand of fir just this side of the lake and we pull off just past the trees. You can drive back in oh, about a block or so."

"How'd you find this place?" I wondered. 

"Belongs to a fellow I know back home. He has a ranch manager that runs it but we've never seen him out here. Ranch is about three miles further down the road."

His directions were dead on and in short order, we were parked next to a small lake, and under some extremely tall trees. 

"Watch out when we first get out," Dale warned. "They have some nasty snakes up here and this is a favorite watering hole for them. Lots of muck and mud they can get into"

He went on ahead since he was wearing cowboy boots, making lots of noise to let them know we were there. June dug in the cooler and pulled out some wine and cheese, some crackers, and a bag of grapes. She spread a sheet or something over the hood of the car and laid out a nice spread for lunch. 

We ate while Dale gave me some more history lessons, and June said she had to pee so she headed off to my right, watching for snakes the whole time. We both had to go too, so we went off to the left. It was the first time I'd seen Dale's cock and June was right. It was impressive. About 8 or 8 ½ long, and thick...really thick. I felt totally inadequate with my 6 ½ inch marvel that might hit 7 if it was hard enough, and I was no where near that thick. I was hoping he hadn't caught me staring but if he did, he didn't say anything.

When we returned to the car, I stopped short, surprised by a very naked June Langley, spreading a blanket in front of the car; I hadn't seen her naked the night before. I guess I was too busy to think about it. She'd pulled her hair back and wrapped a rubber band around it so I could see her breasts and was I pleased. They weren't that large but that's ok, I'm not into big tits anyway, but man, they were beautiful and those long brown nipples begged to be sucked. She had every right to be proud of that body. Oh sure, there were sags and such, but not enough to diminish the fact that she took care of herself. She either shaved or waxed, because her slit was bare all except for a strip of brown that led to the land of pleasure. 

"Anyone want to make me come?" she asked. 

Dale's eyes lit up and he grinned from ear to ear. "Why hell yes, darling," he said, as he headed toward her. "Give me some time to get these clothes off."

"Ummm, no time daddy. I need to come right now. Just pull that beautiful cock out and do me right baby. Fuck me just the way you know I like it."

She bent over and put her head in her arms, which she laid on the fender. Her pussy was plainly visible and I fell in love with that ass immediately. Dale wasted no time moving into her. 

"Oh god yes, baby, do it. Take it deep honey. I want your balls banging my ass cheeks."

I still couldn't get used to this lady, who had so much class, talking and acting like that. It was totally a different woman than the woman who hired me. When Dale was buried deep and stroking into her, I pulled out my cock and began stroking it. 

"Don't you dare come, John," she yelled, between her moans and urgings as Dale fucked her probably as fast and as hard as he was able. She stopped him when he began to tire, and turned around to back him up to the car. Motioning for me to come over there, she bent over again and put his cock back in, then wrapped her arms around me as she inhaled my cock. She started ramming her ass into him and still keeping my cock in her mouth until Dale couldn't hold it back, loudly emptying his balls into her pussy. 

She pulled off of my cock, spun around and sucked his cock into her mouth, while waving me over, indicating she wanted me to fuck her, which I was glad to do. When I finally blew my nuts, she sucked me clean as well. When she was done, she was beat. I went over to her and supported her while she caught her breath. 

"Oh god, that was so good," she said. "I don't know how many times I came but it was great. This is going to be such a memorable trip, John. One of the best ever."

She grabbed a towel from the car and got it wet in the small stream that fed the pond, and began cleaning everyone up. Dale bathed her so tenderly it was beautiful and she returned the favor. 

We loaded everything up and Dale climbed in the back to sleep. June made him nice and comfortable, then she got in front with me. We got back onto the road and headed west again and she scooted over to put her head on my shoulder and went to sleep. I was beginning to like this job more already.