 Crossing Over Part 2: Three's Company

Nicole walked into my cubicle at work that morning and put her hands on my eyes. "Guess who?" she said. Her hands moved from there down to my breasts, cupping them firmly. I arched my back, giving more to hold, at the same time keeping an eye out of the window. It was still early enough that no-one was probably in the other end of the building, but better safe than sorry. I got out of my chair and closed my drapes. As I was still reaching across my desk, Nicole's hand went under my skirt, up along my inner thighs to my pussy. I lifted my left leg and put my knee of my desk so she could rub me.

"Mm, you're wet again," she said. Ever since that one crazy night, a lot of our mornings started off like that. It was pretty thrilling. Made me want to get into work early all the time. I'm sure my boss thought nothing of it. In fact, I'd just gotten employee of the quarter, all because I was having an affair with the girl in the office down the hall. Nothing I could put on my resume, though.

I turned around and made out with Nicole for a while, my hands touching her breasts, unzipping her pants, my fingers sliding through her neat little bush. "I'm going to talk to Joe tonight," I whispered to her. Ever since Nicole and I had told each other our little fantasy about my husband I had wondered how to approach him. Oh right, I'm sure you're thinking, Geez, just ask him, he's a guy. Well, of course, like everything else in life, it's never just THAT easy. For one thing, Joe didn't really know Nicole, other than to say hi or whatever. She didn't come around to the house often at all. And then I was thinking that he'd get all paranoid about my motivations and wonder if I was trying to get him to say something he might regret, you know, when a big woman asks her husband if her new dress makes her look fat? Yeah, I know; crazy, but whatever. All I know is that the night before, I lay in bed thinking that tomorrow was going to be the time. Nicole is a great looking girl with a fantastic body, and while I hate to sound egotistical, I'm fairly attractive, and I'm proud of my body. I had come around to thinking that Joe might just jump at the chance after all.

"You are?" Nicole said. "You still sure about this?"

"Why not? I guess I've been feeling a bit guilty about doing this behind his back."

"Getting it out in the open could be just as much fun!" She gasped when I reached down and touched her clit with my finger. "That feels good." She opened her legs and let me play with her a little, but then I knew I had to stop. 

"Shit," I said. "If I don't get that report started for Connie this morning, I'll never get it done." I took my hand out of her pants and kissed her on the mouth. "Lunch at 11:30, right?"

"I guess," she pouted. "I don't have any dumb old reports to write this morning." She turned and walked out the door and I watched her bottom as she went.

You gotta love those tight Dockers, I thought to myself, and went to work.

That evening, Joe came home from work late. I had been rehearsing what I was going to say to him, and I was totally prepared to go through with it, but I was still nervous. As I fixed dinner, I felt way too self-conscious, and I was dropping stuff left and right. After I'd dropped a pan on the floor for the first time, Joe said, "Jesus, Honey. You forget your meds again?"

"Ha ha. Very funny." I said. I was going to say something right then, but I chickened out. Dinner came and went.

We were watching Leno do his Headlines bit, when I suddenly thought of Nicole and I with Joe and I got so horny it made me shudder. I turned off the TV and sat next to him and put my hand on his crotch. He'd been yawning through the news earlier, but he came to attention in no time.

"Schwing!" I smiled.

"What's gotten into you tonight?" he asked.

"Nothing yet … let's go upstairs." 

We got into the bedroom and while he peed, I took off my clothes and lay back on the bed, waiting for him, my legs wide apart, fingering my pussy. He flushed and came out of the bathroom, naked, his big cock pulsing, swaying in the air. "Oh, I'm sorry, Officer," I said. "You're not gonna use that thing on me, are you?"

"Well, that depends, Ma'am. Have you broken any laws?"

"I've had impure thoughts," I said, and crawled over the bed to where he stood. "I need to be punished." His cock was right by my face. I opened my mouth and took the big head of it deep inside and he gasped. I grabbed his thick shaft with one hand and jerked it slowly. His hands went on the back of my head and he pushed me gently towards him, filling my mouth with his cock. I sucked him like that for a while, feeling his thickness deep in my mouth, tasting him on my tongue, and then lay back down again with my legs open, my wet pussy inviting him. He got on the bed and knelt between my legs, rubbing the head of his cock over my wet lips.

"I want to ask you something," I said.

"What?"

"You know that girl I'm friends with at work? Nicole?"

"Yeah. What about her?"

I breathed in hard, and my heart started going like crazy. "I've been thinking … we should do a three-way with her?"

"What?" he said, gaping ridiculously. "You're shitting me, right?" He stopped what he was doing and sat down. I suddenly felt stupid and wanted to cover myself up.

"Well, no …" I said.

"When did this discussion take place?"

"Today. A couple of days ago. I don't know. It just came up."

"It just came up? That doesn't just come up. What were you guys talking about?"

I wanted to come out and tell him that Nicole and I had been messing around for almost six months, but I already felt as if he was mad at me, so I didn't say anything.

He was quiet for a moment, then he looked at me and asked, "So are you into this chick?"

"Yeah," I said. "I guess."

"No way!" he grinned. "No friggin way!" I could see his cock had suddenly become massively hard. "Have you … you know … "

"Oh yeah," I grinned back at him. He let out a tremendous laugh and put his hands on his hips and stared at me with his hands on his hips, giving me an I-don't-know-what-I'm-going-to-do-with-you look. "I think she's way hot. And she's got a killer body."

"This is insane. Hell, yeah!" he said. "Bring her over!"

"I'll ask her to come over tomorrow night." I opened my legs again and said, "In the meantime, you got something to take care of, mister."

Joe went down on me like a good boy and I lay back and squeezed my breasts together. When he came up for air he said, "You wouldn't mind seeing me with another woman?"

"It turns me on, just thinking of it," I said. "Just make sure you share the wealth and I'll be fine."

"What have you guys been talking about?"

"I told her you have a great big cock and she told me she'd love to suck it. I told her I'd love to watch her sucking it. Keep licking, oh my God, keep licking."

"What else?"

"I want to see your cock in her pussy too, fucking her hard." I was incredibly turned on by that point. As Joe ate me, all I could think of was seeing him fuck Nicole. I mean, I really did want to watch that. I wanted to see him paying attention to another woman. Kissing her hard, sucking her nipples, fucking the shit out of her. I was thinking of that so much I started coming, even though I'd wanted to last longer than that. After I was all done I felt bad, because after I come I lose the mood really quick, and after six years of marriage, Joe knows that all too well. "I'm sorry, baby," I said. "You mad at me?"

"Hell no. I'll just save it until tomorrow night."

I think he probably went to sleep with that big goofy-ass smile on his face.

So there we were in Subway the next day, and I said to Nicole, "Okay, I asked Joe last night."

"Oh my God, you didn't!" Her eyes were all wide. "What did he say?"

"Duh, what d'you think he said? Of course."

She put down her sandwich. "That's so cool - I mean, you're still cool with the idea too, right?"

"Sure I am," I said. "I've been thinking about it, like, all morning. Hang on," I dug out my cellphone and dialed his number. He picked up on the third ring. "Hello, Dear."

"Hey, what's up, Sweetie?" he asked.

"Guess who I've got here," I said, sort of sing-songy. I looked at Nicole who was, naturally mortified. "Wanna talk to her?"

"Huh?" I could tell he was equally mortified. "What d'you want me to say to her?"

"I'll let her talk to you." I passed the phone across the table, and Nicole was trying to give it back. I looked at her big breasts bobbing around as she moved, and when she put the phone up to her ear, her nipples stiffened. I crossed my legs tightly under the table, feeling the tingle in my pussy.

"Um … hi!" she said. "Gee, I don't know what …yeah, she can be, that's for sure." She mock glared at me, and I mouthed the words 'Say something' to her. "Gosh, this is uncomfortable. Are you into it? Yeah, me too. Okay, okay, she wants me to say something to you, so … do you have a big cock? Nice … Yeah, I can give good head." When she said that, it turned me on even more. There was my husband saying dirty things in the phone to my best friend, and in a weird way, I really liked it. "I guess you'll find out," she laughed, and handed the phone back to me.

"Well!" I said, "What were you guys talking about?"

"This is fucked up," Joe said, "But if you're really into it, I'm game."

"We'll be over after work, okay?" I said bye, he said bye, and I hung up. I looked across at Nicole again and said quietly, "I'm so friggin horny right now I could scream. This is going to be a trip." Nicole smiled back and licked her lips. When she bit into her sandwich, you can probably guess what I was thinking of.

By the time Joe came home, Nicole and I had been nursing a beer each for about half an hour. When we heard the front door open, I think our hearts leaped into both our mouths. I know mine did. "Well, here we are," I said. Joe walked in the living room, and I could see his cock was hard, even through his pants. 

"Hi there," he said. "Traffic!"

I stood up and put my arms around him and gave him a big kiss on the mouth. "That's okay, Dear," I told him. I took him by the hand over to Nicole and said, "Joe, this is Nicole."

"Pleased to meet you," he said, and put out his hand. 

"You too," Nicole replied, and shook his hand. I was so revved up by that point I didn't feel like dicking around with small talk. I had been fairly nervous about the whole thing, but now all I wanted to do was watch my husband fuck my best friend. Like I said, I guess that's weird, but the thought was just so thrilling. I sat on the recliner and said, "You guys just pretend I'm not here."

"Don't you want to …?" Joe asked.

"I want to watch for a while, if that's okay."

I think by that point, Joe was amenable to just about anything. He sat on the loveseat next to Nicole and he asked her again if she was sure about it all, like a damn lawyer making sure there wasn't going to be any liability, and all Nicole did was open her legs wide, and that was that. Joe kissed her on the mouth, and then his hand went to her breast, where he held it and squeezed it. As she was kissing him back, she unbuttoned her shirt. He opened it all the way, and there were her beautiful big breasts, all pushed together in her lacy bra. Joe pulled the cup down over the one he was holding and her breast popped out, its nipple big and hard. I felt like touching myself, but I didn't. I just wanted to watch. Joe sucked on her tittie, as she freed the other one. I heard her say, "Oh yeah, that feels good," quietly, her eyes shut. It reminded me of the time we first made love in her apartment. After a few minutes, she pushed Joe off and undressed down to her panties. She was gorgeous. Beautiful flat tummy, big firm, round breasts swaying heavily every time she moved. She sat back down on the loveseat and spread her legs. Joe went back to making out with her and put his hand between her legs and start rubbing her there. I really wanted to hear them talk dirty to each other. I knew they were both capable of it, and that was exciting to think about.

"My pussy's so wet," she said. "Oh yeah, rub it. Rub my pussy." Joe's hand rubbed all the way up and down Nicole's crotch and she started grinding her hips up to meet him. After a few minutes, he pulled her panties aside and ran his fingers through her bare bush. She moaned. My own pussy was tingling hard, but I still didn't want to touch it yet. I was afraid I'd come too fast. 

"Stand up," she said, "You want me to suck your fat cock?"

"Yeah," Joe said. I loved the way Nicole was looking at him, when she said that. Right in his eyes. He stood up and she knelt in front of him and undid his pants. While she pulled them to his knees, he took off his shirt and tossed it on the floor. 

The bulge in his underwear was unbelievable. Nicole kissed it and rubbed her face over it and took her titties in her hands, pressing them together and squeezing them. Joe was in Heaven.

I was willing her to reach up and grab Joe's cock, when she did. She grabbed the waistband of his underpants and pulled them down, slowly, past his thighs. His big cock, not totally hard (though I can't imagine why) flopped out and hung there, thick and meaty. With her hands on his thighs, she took the head into her mouth. Joe shuddered, and it made me wonder what he was feeling, where he was feeling it. I've wondered about that before. I know where my feelings come from, and where they spread to, but it must be a little different from a guy's perspective. 

"You like that?" Nicole asked him. "You like me sucking that big cock?" God, she was so slutty looking! Joe could hardly answer her, he was so caught up in the whole thing. His cock had come to attention, finally. It stood right up, so damn hard and thick, right by her face. 

I couldn't take much more of this, but I wanted to hold out. While Nicole took half of my husband's cock in her mouth, I took off my sweater and skirt and sat back in the chair, massaging my breasts. Joe wasn't looking at me - in fact, he wasn't looking at Nicole either. His eyes were half shut as she rode his cock with her mouth. I could have gone over there and joined in at any time. I knew that both Nicole and Joe must have been expecting me to do it - but the thing is, I just wanted to watch. I'd never actually seen people fucking before. Well, yeah, I've seen porno films, but I'm talking real, real. Hiding in the closet spying real. I knew I'd be in on the action at some point, so why not just indulge myself? Besides, there was the extra thrill of seeing Joe with another woman, and while some people might not get that - you know, since women are meant to be the jealous, insecure types - I know there are a lot of people who would. So, like I said, I just sat back and enjoyed the show.

Joe lay back on the couch and spread his legs wide. Nicole knelt between them and started lapping his big balls, first one, then the other, then right between them. I enjoyed doing that to him too. He has one of those sacs that are loose even when his cock is hard, and the feel of being able to take one in my mouth and suck on it, while I'm jerking his cock, is sensational. And that's just what Nicole was doing to him. She had her ass up in the air, panties off. I hadn't even seen her remove them. I took my eyes off her sucking Joe's balls to her asshole, where my tongue and fingers had been a few times since we first became lovers. She has a very tight, little puckered one, very smooth too. Sometimes I love to just be right behind her with my mouth in her crack, licking and kissing and sliding my tongue just inside it. I hoped Joe would fuck her in the ass too. 

Her big titties were pressing down on the couch, her nipples stiff. That was a great view of them. I looked down at mine, which are a nice, round shape, and pulled off my bra. I squeezed them together, gently pinching my nipples, which were hard too. I'm very proud of them - they're not as big as Nicole's, but they are large and heavy, but well proportioned. I attract many looks when I wear tight blouses and sweaters, and that makes me feel good. I suppose I'm a bit of a narcissist, but really, who doesn't like to be appreciated? 

Nicole crawled onto the couch, and, still with her pretty bottom right up in the air, went right down on Joe hard and fast. His whole body arched, as if she was torturing him with her mouth. She kept looking right into his eyes while she was doing that, and that was so intense for me. I didn't realize that she could have been such a dirty girl. She stopped and jerked his cock hard, saying, "You like to watch me sucking your dick? Huh?" Poor Joe could hardly speak. He only nodded, and she went down hard on him again.

My hand was drawn magnetically to my panties, more specifically to my aching, wet pussy. I didn't go in, because I knew as soon as I touched my clit it would be all over for me, so I just rubbed myself all the way up and down, up and down. It felt terrific.

She must have sucked him like that for a good ten minutes before she got up and took his hand and pulled him toward our bedroom. I followed them and parked myself on the big cane chair by the side of our bed. It was uncomfortable, but what a great view. 

Nicole was lying back, legs open, staring right up into Joe's eyes as he got up on the bed too, his cock in his hand, and knelt between her legs. He pressed the head of his cock against her pussy lips and jerked himself slowly, making Nicole squirm. I wanted to cry out "Stick it in her pussy!" but I was pretty speechless. I knew it would happen, and I wanted to see it when it did. I got off my chair and knelt on the floor at the foot of the bed, so I could see right between Joe's legs. There was his sac hanging down, and his cock touching Nicole's clit, now that she was using her fingers to open her pussy lips. 

He pressed forward, and the big head of his cock went into her cunt, and I heard her gasp, and then he just drove it in, right up to his balls. "Oh God, you're so big," Nicole said. I watched, mesmerized as his shaft plowed in and out of her pussy, glistening with her juice. He picked up the pace, ramming her harder and harder, and from the noises he was making, I could tell he was close to cumming. That was my cue. I got up on the bed behind him, and cupped his balls while his cock was deep inside Nicole. He stiffened and stopped pumping her. I looked down at Nicole, who looked as if she was close to coming herself. "Remember me?" I smiled, and kissed him. He grabbed my ass and kissed me hard, then pulled out of Nicole. I put my head down and sucked his cock right into my mouth. I've been sucking Joe off for years, so I'm at the point where I can take it all into my mouth without gagging, but I took it into my mouth slow, so I could taste Nicole's pussy on it. While I sucked him, Nicole got up and they both made out like crazy, before she came down to my level. "He's got the best fucking cock I've ever seen," she grinned. "I'm so jealous!" I took his cock out of my mouth and put it in hers, and watched her sucking it again. This time she was looking at me, and all of a sudden I wished I had a cock like Joe's so I'd know what it was like to have her sucking me like that. 

Joe moved away from us and sat further down the bed. "Why don't you girls have some fun," he said. I lay on top of Nicole and we kissed, our tongues deep in each other's mouths, our titties pressing together. We made out for a couple of minutes until I crawled down her body, pausing to pay attention to her breasts. She pressed them on either side of my face, which felt great, then I took them both in my hands and sucked her nipples hard. From then, I moved down to her pussy. I could feel the heat from it on my own breasts as they passed over her crotch. With my ass in the air, I didn't bother with being polite. We were both already too hot to worry about any more foreplay. I stuck my face in her pussy and started licking her hole, then her clit, taking it into my mouth, sucking on it the way I knew she liked. I looked up to see her playing with her breasts. "Oh, that's good. Suck it harder," she huffed at me. I obliged her.
