 "I really hate that Cole has to be gone this weekend and miss our weekend away," said Monique. 

"Don't feel too sorry for him," said Blakely. "I am sure he is drunk at some beach bar right now with his face buried in someone chicks' chest. But I appreciate you guys bringing me out tonight so I didn't have to sit home alone."

"Are you kidding," smiled Gavin. "And miss a chance to be seen with the two hottest chicks in the place? Please twist my arm." 

"Well there is that," smiled Blakely. "You know the down fall is that I love to dance and since Cole is gone, someone's going to have to keep me happy." 

"I think we can handle that," said Monique as she winked secretly at her husband. "You're up, sweetie. I have to pee and then I will get us a few drinks," she said.

The club was definitely hopping. The band was playing great music and the crowd was definitely alive. We squeezed through the crowd to find a small spot on the dance floor. Cole and I always seemed to be the last ones on the dance floor when we went out. We always had a great time goofing off and tonight was not an exception. 

The alcohol was definitely kicking in and before long we found ourselves lost in the music. It seemed fitting that the band would break into an old rock set that started off with "I want action." I think I actually laughed out loud at the first chord. 

The shots from earlier were making me a little bold as well as very horny. Knowing that I was going to have to go back to the room and finish off myself while listening to my two best friends in the other room, I decided to get as many cheap thrills as I could. It didn't hurt that Gavin's hand was playing awfully close to my ass. I decided a little flirting wouldn't hurt and I thought I'd see how far this might go. Knowing that Monique was just a few yards away assured me that it wouldn't go too far and made it even more titillating.

I pulled him a little closer and rubbed my crotch across his and was not disappointed with what I found. This wasn't a new move on my part, but usually I try to disguise it a little more as an accident. My eyes made their way from his cock to his face and we exchanged a long stare. I was sure I heard him moan just a little as I continued rubbing against him. 

I am not sure what made me say what came out of my mouth next, but I have never been known to be anything but blunt. "Tell me something, would I actually be able to feel the pre-cum if I moved my hand a little?" I said and smiled. 

Before he had a chance to answer, his wife decided to join us on the dance floor. "I brought us some shots," she said. "I thought you guys might want to cool off a bit."

We exchanged glances and agreed. I felt a little guilty and decided I needed some time to cool off, so I told them I would be back out to dance in a bit. I walked to the bathroom and noticed a call from my husband, so I decided to return it.

"Having fun?" Cole asked.

"Yeah, I am and you?" I replied.

"It is great down here. I sure wish you were with me," Cole explained. 

The music in the background assured me that he was not missing out on any company and I was glad he was enjoying himself.

"I know baby, so do I," I replied. "I sure wish I was with you right now."

"Oh yeah, and what would we do?" Cole asked.

"For starters, I would take you out on that beach and fuck you like a good little cabana boy, of course," I told him. 

Cole laughed that deep chuckle that I loved so much. "Having fun with our friends?" he asked.

"Yeah we are having great time," I replied, thinking of Gavin's hard cock pressed up against me just minutes earlier. 

Cole chuckled again and said, "Don't do anything I wouldn't do and enjoy yourself."

I assured him I would and hung up. After fixing my lipstick and checking myself once over, I headed out to see where this eve would take me. The horniness that I felt was definitely not a new feeling nor was the dampness between my thighs. I guess "Mr. Beaver" and I would have to do just fine for tonight. Until then, maybe I could cop another cheap feel before the eve was lost. 

I made my way to the dance floor and Monique waved me over to where they were. The band was taking an intermission and the DJ was playing some new dance music. I set my drink down and found myself dancing closely with the two of them and having a great time. 

At some point the music changed and I found myself sandwiched between the two of them. Monique's thighs were working their way in between mine and I found my crotch rubbing Gavin's. I was so hot at this point. Dancing with Monique has always been a major turn on for me and getting it on with her was right up at the top of my fantasy list. Knowing of course that it was never going to happen for all sorts of reasons, it still got me hot. My juices were literally dripping down my leg and I was going to have to leave the dance floor soon or I was going to do something that I might very well regret.

Gavin was reaching around me rubbing his wife's ass and her tits were pressed up against me so tight I could almost feel her nipples drill holes into my shoulder blades. I spun around to tell her that I was going to go cool off. As I parted my lips to tell her, Monique's mouth quickly descended on mine in a very wet and passionate kiss. I was stunned at first, but didn't stop it in case I was dreaming. Naturally I parted my own lips and tasted a woman's lips for the very first time. She was so soft and her was mouth so wet, I wasn't actually sure that it was happening. 

I forgot about Gavin for a moment but quickly found myself swung around and kissed by him with the same attentiveness. As he pulled back, Monique whispered in my ear. "I take it you are interested."

I wasn't sure what she was asking. I knew what I hoped, but I thought I'd ask just to be sure. 

"We want you to come back and fuck us," she explained. 

I looked at each of them and didn't have to even think twice. Aside from obvious chick attraction, Monique was HOT. She had gorgeous long hair, a body to die for and tits that until that night had only been admired in quick glances at the gym. And Gavin gave me the vibe that he was able to stretch a woman to new pleasures including the obvious. Hell yes, I would fuck them. Anyone would be a fool not to. 

We paid our bill and hurried outside. The hotel was only just across the plaza, but the jolt of cold air sobered us up just a smidgen. As we hurried to the elevators I was curious to know what was going through their minds and I was worried that someone might lose their nerve. 

I was quickly assured though as the elevator doors closed and I found myself once again sandwiched between these two lovely bodies. Monique had my back pressed against Gavin's chest as her hands were cupping my tits through the material in my blouse. Gavin was kissing my neck and bringing his hand around my waste to rub my pussy through my jeans. Monique started to lower her head to my breasts as the elevator doors opened to our floor. Luckily no one was there or they might have gotten a big show. We fondled and kissed each other until we arrived at our door. It took a couple of tries before Gavin could seem to get the door open. I know that we were all pretty excited at the thought of what would happen next.

Even before the door clicked shut we were tearing at each other's clothes as quick as we could. Gavin chose to stand back and take in the scenery and reclined back on the bed. Monique continued to kiss me and rub my tits though my blouse. My god it was getting hot! I still couldn't believe it was happening. I helped her unbutton my shirt and her hands went right to my nipples. A jolt of electricity that could light up and an entire ballpark shot through my entire body. 

"Hurry, please!" I called, as she reached for the clasp at my bra.

Between licks, she told me how she had wanted this for so long and how she dreamed of rubbing my nipples through her hands and sucking them until they puckered with delight. I glanced over and found that Gavin now had his own shirt unbuttoned and was rubbing his thick cock through his jeans. I could see the outline and could not wait to get a look at his thick manhood, let alone slip my wet tongue up and down its shaft. 

We made eye contact as his wife slowly licked at my neck and tits. "God you are so hot! I can feel your wetness through your pants," she said. 

I told her that I thought we all had too many clothes on and we needed to do something about that. I pulled her over to the opposite side of the bed from Gavin and laid her back. "My turn to tease," I said. 

She moaned a sweet sound of ecstasy as I started to lick her neck while slowly stripping her of her shirt. "Oh god," Monique moaned.

"Just wait," I said. 

I couldn't believe this was actually happening. I was finally getting my first taste of a woman and had a hot man next to me to encourage the show. I unbuttoned the front clasp of her bra with my teeth and her nipples instantly puckered. They were a fabulous shade of pink with just a hint of brown right around the points. She started to grab them and rub them herself, but I caught her hands and pinned them atop of her head. 

"My turn remember?" I whispered. 

I bent my head and gave the right nipple a little peck just to tease. "You are evil," she cried.

"Yeah but you love it," I told her and nibbled at the other side.

She arched her back as I continued my teasing. She was really getting into this. Her hips started to rotate against my thigh and she was grinding her sweet pussy against my leg. 

"Oh my god," she said. "You are going to make me cum if you continue like that."

"That is the plan," I told her. 

As I started flicking her nipples and pulling at them with my teeth, her body tensed and she let out a high pitched scream and came immediately. I sucked for dear life until the motions subsided and then leaned up and kissed her fully on the mouth. We both laid back for a minute-too stunned to talk. 

"That has never happened before," she said. "I never come from someone just sucking my nipples."

I smiled and told her I was glad I could be the first. I had almost forgotten about Gavin on the other side of the bed until I heard him clear his throat and felt the weight of the bed shift. At some point he had stripped down to his boxers and was now sporting a hard on the size of a bat.

"I think he may be feeling left out," I said. 

"Well we can't have that can we?" smiled Monique

"Do you mind?" I asked. 

"No, be my guest," she purred. 

"Hey, don't I have a say? It is my cock," cried Gavin. 

"Well," I grinned. "If you are not the least bit intrigued, I can watch from over here," I said as I started pulling away and teasing. 

"Hell No! I am intrigued! Always have been. I just wanted to hear you beg" he grinned.

"Well, now that that's settled," cried Monique. Wanna see what you've been missing?" 

She pulled us together like Spielberg directing the next epic. She placed us on the bed with our chests rubbing against each other. We tentatively explored each other's body as she moved away to watch from the other side of the bed. I had earlier removed my jeans and was only clad in a black thong and felt the pre-cum on my belly as his cock poked out of his boxers. 

Gavin reached behind me to unclasp my bra, his hands felt incredible but it was his cock that I wanted. I leaned him back so his back was propped against the head of the bed. I wanted him to be able to see what I was about to do to him. 

I climbed on top to straddle him and started kissing his full lips while rubbing my tits against his hard chest. I wanted to feel him inside me and was hoping that later I would get that chance. But at the moment, I had another mission in mind. 

As I worked my lips downward, I stopped to pinch and lick his nipples. His hard muscles tightened at my touch. It seemed he was as sensitive as his wife. As I continued my journey downward, I glanced up to see him watching me through half closed eyes. I smiled at him as I moved my hands downward to feel the soft hair just above the low waistband of his boxers. I purposely skipped over his torso which made him moan with protest.

"You are killing me here!" he exclaimed. 

"Patience," I told him and chuckled. 

I kneaded my hands down his legs and felt his hard muscles flex in my path. Finally, I made my way back upward and settled my hands on his waistband. My hands were shaking from excitement. I had brushed against his cock many times before when we were out and always dreamed about what was about to happen next. 

I pulled back his shorts and was not disappointed. I revealed the most gorgeous cock I had ever seen. It must have been 11 inches long and as thick as my wrist. This time it was I who moaned. I shot a look at Monique that suggested, "thank you," and she came over to help me remove the rest of his clothing. 

I wrapped my hand so softly around his cock not wanting to bruise this beautiful creature and felt it pulse in my hand as soon as I made contact. Normally I gave my husband a little bit of handling before I get down to business, but I couldn't wait to get this thing in my mouth. I wrapped my fist around it and slowly swirled my tongue around the head. I was determined to swallow as much as I could. I think I heard Monique moan as I stared to pump Gavin's cock up and down. His dick was really tuning me on and I really wanted to show him how much I appreciated it. 

I was getting more excited as I swirled the head around my tongue and then pumped the entire shaft up and down using all the muscles in my mouth. I could feel his heavy balls filling with excitement as I spent extra time on the underside, pressing ever so gently with my teeth. I was so hot myself, my pussy was dripping. I could feel the weight of my naked tits bouncing up and down and my nipples rubbing against his hard, muscular thighs.

What happened next, I could not have scripted better if I tried. I felt a movement on the bed, my thong was being pushed aside and a hot breath started to blow on my pussy. It was me who moaned this time. Monique was using a long finger to trace an outline of my g-string right down to my crack. Gavin was playing with my hair and encouraging me to continue my work on his sexy cock. I went over the top as Monique suddenly stuck that long finger right in my wet hole. This action caused me to take Gavin's entire length down my throat to which he was very grateful. 

"You are so fucking hot." He grunted. 

"Uhh," is all I could say. 

I remember thinking I must had died and gone to heaven. Here I had a magnificent cock in my mouth and a hot chick ready to eat my sweet pussy. I used my long red nails to slowly tease Gavin's ass and heard another groan of approval. Monique was now opening my thighs up further and sought out my clit with her tongue. Three of her fingers were now buried deep in my pussy as I continued to pump away at Gavin's cock and tease his ass. 

I couldn't take much more and was sure I was going to cum quick when suddenly she grabbed a hold of the top of my thong and pulled it up so it vibrated against my ass and tickled my little bud. Her lips centered on my clit and started flicking it so quickly that it would have put any vibrator to shame. My body arched forward and tensed up and started what was the beginning of the longest orgasms that I had ever experienced. It started in my toes and vibrated up through my entire body. My nipples poked out begging to be touched and my fingers gripped Gavin's ass as if I was holding on for dear life. 

My face shot forward as Gavin grabbed my head and started pumping his hot cum into my mouth. I continued to moan as I rocked through the endless orgasm swallowing all of his cum as I went. We all collapsed together and I felt Gavin shudder as his orgasm was subsiding. He grabbed my hair and pulled me up to give a kiss and spanked his wife's ass as he limped off towards the bathroom. 

I was still too spent to move, but Monique was just getting started. She crawled up beside me and put her face inches from mine. 

"Having fun?" she asked. 

"Do you even have to ask?" I replied. 

"Good. Because the night is still young," she said with a purr. 

I was quickly regaining my strength seeing her perfect body naked in front of me. I started running my hand down her sides, through her long dark hair and kneading at the flesh of her sweet ass. 

"Turn about is fair play right?" I asked. 

She answered by leaning back and opening up her body to me. I eased her back on the pillows as I made my way to the end of the bed. I moved her legs so they were bent at the knees and pushed her legs as wide as they would go. I sat in between those legs as I examined her most intimate areas. I moved my hand over her pussy and felt the soft little tuft of hair that just covered the top region. Her lips were shaved bare and her little clit was slowly pulsing, awaiting what was to happen next. 

I bent down and kissed the area right at the top of the inner thigh not quite yet touching the pussy. I know how much I like that and hoped that she would too. Apparently it did because I heard a high pitched moan of appreciation. I was so amazed how beautiful a woman's cunt could be. She was so wet and her curls were glistening with her own juices. 

I slowly parted her lips and stuck out my long tongue to taste my very first pussy. I moaned first, then her and we soon fell into a rhythm. It was almost like I was licking myself. She was soft and wet and her juices were so much sweeter than I'd ever imagined they could be. I just did what came natural and what I loved to have done to me. I knew from our earlier encounter that she liked to get off quickly, but I wanted to torture her just a little bit longer like she did me. 

I ran my tongue around her pussy down the entire length of her cunt before stopping to tease her ass just a bit. I stretched my tongue as far as it would go and then started to fuck her with it like it was a miniature dick. She started to go crazy! 

"Fuck me with that tongue!" she screamed. "God Blakely, I knew it would feel this good! Fuck me with that hot tongue!" 

I stuck two fingers into her pussy and continued to lick her clit. I was working on a third when I heard Gavin behind me. 

"Ladies, a man can be a voyeur for only so long. If I don't have one of your cunts right now, I am gonna explode." he said. 

"I only see one open, baby," suggested Monique between moans. 

He looked at me as I smiled with approval as he started to sink his hard dick in between my legs. I was still so wet from our earlier round or I wouldn't have been able to accept all he had to offer. I could barely concentrate on my task at hand as his dick teased me and then plunged in me to the hilt.

"Oh god, I am all the way in," he cried. 

I moaned with appreciation as his shaft went in and out stopping to tease my outer lips along the way. His hands reached around to pinch my nipples. His dick was massaging every inch of my inner cunt. My own moaning was helping bring Monique to the brink and back again. Gavin started really pumping deep and slamming his ass into me. I could feel his balls slap my ass with each thrust. 

Monique moved around to a sixty-nine position to get a better look at the situation. This is when I really knew I had died and gone to heaven. I was sucking her cunt like there was no tomorrow and I felt Gavin's ass tighten and his dick to swell to even larger proportions. 

He started grunting, "God damn I'm gonna cum. Fuck yeah baby, pump that cock with your hot little pussy." 

Monique put more pressure on my clit and that was all it took to send me into what felt like a 20 minute orgasm. My body shook as Gavin's dick continued pulsing. I could feel the cum hit the inside of my walls and felt it trickle out of my hole. 
