 Ally sped home from work, pushing the traffic laws to the limit; she needed to make sure she would have enough time before Nathon got there. Arriving home, she rushed into her room, shedding her clothes as she went. 45 minutes later she was showered and shaved, dressed in a very short skirt paired with a snug, midriff baring shirt that showed off her compact figure pleasingly. She'd left her hair down because she knew Nathon loved to feel it around his cock while she gave him head. 

Nervously she looked herself over in the mirror; the butterflies were churning full speed in her stomach. Tonight would be different - for the first time, she'd agreed to let Nathon bring another woman. He'd confided in her months ago that his ultimate fantasy was to be with two women at the same time, but she'd rebuffed him. Ally had never had an interest in women, barely liked to see herself naked, and really wasn't that enthused about having a strange woman touch her. But she would do anything for Nathon, and his constant hinting proved he really wanted this, so she'd finally given in. 

The sound of the doorbell made Ally's heart hammer in her chest, all her anxiety causing her to flush and grow short of breath. Panting, she opened the door and Nathon grabbed her, pressing her against the wall. With his body pinned against her he kissed her, sensually searching out her tongue with his own. Ally felt her nipples harden and pressed back feverishly against him. 

Breaking the kiss finally Nathon pulled back and said, "Baby you don't have to go through with this, if you really don't want to." 

She smiled shyly. Even this close to getting his wish, he was thinking about her and his comfort. She searched his face and saw what she needed; he was serious. If she said no, he'd pull the plug in an instant, no harm, no foul. Hesitantly, she shook her head no. 

"It's alright. I want to do this…for you," she quickly added. 

Relief spread across his face and he stepped aside, revealing a beautiful, dark haired woman. The woman shut the door and moved past Nathon, taking his place in front of Ally and cupping her round, slightly sagging breast. 

"Mmmm, you look delicious," she purred. "My name is Beth, and I hope we can get to be very good friends." 

Nathon put his hand over Beth's and squeezed hard. Ally bit down on her bottom lip, almost breaking the skin. She wanted to do this for Nathon, really wanted to, but she didn't know if she could. Her skin tingled under their combined touch, not wholly unpleasant, but not exactly arousing either. She chuckled uncomfortably and slipped away from their grasp. Looking at Beth, Ally felt her stomach tighten. Was it fear or excitement? She honestly didn't know. 

Nathon followed behind her, laying his hands on her shoulders and squeezing firmly, lovingly. 

"Relax honey, its ok. Just take your time – there's no rush." 

His voice was soothing and Ally felt her head loll forward, almost as if she was being hypnotized. His hands trailed down her arms, encircled her small waist, and squeezed. One hand trailed a finger across her bare midriff and she felt herself arch with pleasure. 

Opening her eyes she caught sight of Beth on the periphery. Her chest ached, and not just because of Nathon's attentions. She was really very sexy, almost erotic. Ally's mind railed against the thought of being intimate with her – all her life she'd had it drummed into her that same sex unions were wrong. 

Sensing her indecision, Nathon motioned Beth to go into the other room. Pressing Ally back against the wall, he cupped her breasts in his hands and sighed. Ally searched his face frantically - was he disappointed? She didn't want to let him down, but she couldn't fully shake off her fear of the unknown. 

"You really don't have to go through with this, Ally." Nathon said to her softly. 

But his actions suggested just the contrary. He rubbed his thumbs across her nipples, making them stand out. One hand slid slowly down her to her waist and traced slowly back and forth on the bare skin while the other cupped her breast. He pressed his lips to her neck, and softly flicked his tongue against the soft skin there. Ally's nipples felt ready to burst. She was trembling, her arousal intensifying. 

She knew he could feel her pulse racing. Arching her back, she forced her breast into his hand. His other hand resumed the slow maddening journey down her body. As he pressed his hand against her mound through her skirt, she forgot about her nervousness, about Beth, about everything but the warm pleasure spreading in her crotch. Ally felt goose bumps break out on her body. She moaned as she felt the gentle trickle of moisture fill her cunt. 

Ally opened her eyes and saw Beth standing in the doorway watching them. Even though Nathon's back was to her, he must have sensed it too, because his movements became more deliberate, concentrating on arousing Ally further. Somehow he managed to dislodge her skirt, letting it fall and pool around her feet. Beth smiled hungrily as she caught a glimpse of Ally's shaved pussy being parted by Nathon's thick sausage-like fingers. He was tormenting her, tracing his fingers up and down her slit, pushing her lips apart and just barely touching her clit. 

Ally grabbed Nathon's shoulders and let the feelings crash over her. She was vaguely aware of Nathon removing her shirt and scooping her up still trembling, but in truth her mind was occupied with other things. Laying her on the sofa bed, he stripped and lay beside her, leaned over and started teasing her nipples. He bit down gently and swirled his tongue against them, moving back and forth to each one, until both nipples were red and almost painful looking. His hand cupped her hot cunt as he pushed two fingers inside her, curling them upwards, rubbing and thrusting them in and out, searching out her sensitive g-spot and stroking it briskly. 

"Oh shit!" Ally screamed hoarsely as the orgasm struck her. 

Her legs clamped around Nathon's wrist as she rocked her hips against his arm. She couldn't catch her breath, or even make a sound, as Nathon kept the rhythm of his fingers steady forcing her orgasm to peak over and over. 

While Ally settled down Beth undressed and took a seat across from them, slowly fingering herself while she waited for a sign from Nathon. She was built very differently from Ally. Whereas Ally was blonde and small, with tits that fit in the palm of his hands and a complexion that was almost olive, Beth was dark haired with a porcelain-like complexion and breasts that were large and full, the type that made men stop and stare even when they were with their wives. 

He smiled, noting how shiny and wet her fingers were. He wasn't ready to introduce her into the equation yet, but she was turning him on. 

"Suck your fingers," he mouthed silently. 

Locking onto his eyes, Beth slowly brought her hand up to her mouth and licked each finger seductively. Shivering, Nathon turned his attention back to Ally. She opened her eyes and smiled, lust still clouding her gazes, Beth all but forgotten. She got on her hands and knees and nuzzled his hard, throbbing cock, extending her tongue and tasting the precum oozing down his shaft. She reached up and wrapped her hand around him, moaning as she felt his warmth, squeezing and stroking and coaxing more precum out. She ran her fingers through the precum, smearing it around the tip of his cock then greedily licking them clean. 

To Be Continued...