 Groaning Nathon grabbed the back of Ally's head and forced her to take his whole cock in her mouth. Looking over at Beth he nodded and she quickly moved behind Ally. Kneeling on the floor beside the bed, Beth pushed Ally's legs open wider. She could see Ally's clit peeking out at her, and the pussy juice had already coated her inner thighs. Slowly she ran her tongue from Ally's clit to her ass and back. 

Ally, lost in the exquisite feelings of being licked, pushed back against the tongue without thinking. Beth was a woman possessed, flicking her tongue against Ally's clit as she pushed one finger gently inside her pussy. Pumping a few times, she removed it, then pulled and tugged Ally’s pussy lips as she lovingly attended to her clit. Taking Ally’s groans as encouragement, she slid two fingers in and Ally groaned louder. 

It finally dawned on her that Beth was between her legs and she stiffened, and then tried to pull away. Realizing the juncture that they’d reached, Nathon held her head steady and forced his cock deeper in her mouth. Beth did her part, playfully biting and sucking Ally’s swollen clit, making her shiver. 

"It's ok baby, relax," Nathon whispered. 

Beth’s relentless pleasuring and Nathon’s beautiful cock in her mouth was too much for Ally who whimpered as she released a torrent of liquid into the other woman’s mouth. Her body was wracked with wave after wave of white hot sensation as Beth slathered her sensitive lips with wet sloppy licks. Almost on autopilot, Ally ran her tongue against the head of Nathon's cock, wrapping strands of her hair around him as he pushed in and out of her mouth. Nathon thrust his hips forward, still holding the back of her head, forcing his cock deeper in his mouth. 

Ally accepted him, sucking harder. She pulled the hair tighter and brushed strands lightly against his balls, causing him to pump even faster. With one last thrust he exploded, filling her mouth full of cum, which Ally swallowed noisily, even as Beth's mouth and fingers drove her to another orgasm. 

She collapsed, gasping for breath, her whole body trembling and tingling with small aftershocks. Adjacent to her Beth had crawled between Nathon's legs, nestling his cock between her tits. Ally watched with fascination as he hardened again instantly (the first time she’d ever seen that!) and began fucking her cleavage. She got up, positioning herself near Beth’s tits to get a better look. As she stared, Beth’s luscious pink nipples hardened. She could see the faint blue lines of the veins and fought the overwhelming urge to trace them with her tongue. Nathon pulled Ally's hair to get her attention. 

"Touch them," he urged. 

Ally reached out with a trembling hand and gently rubbed one finger up and down Beth's tit. She was intrigued with the way the nipple felt, so much smoother and thicker than her own. Softly she blew on it, watching it change texture, hearing Beth's soft gasp of delight. She finally gave in and stuck out her tongue tentatively, touching the object of her fascination with its tip. It was salty from sweat and a little tangy with what Ally quickly realized was HER juice. Lustily Ally fastened her mouth around the other woman’s nipple, sucking it in deeply, making Beth squirm from the ferocity of the act. Nathon moved out of the way to give the women more room. 

Just as Ally’s mind was starting to question loudly what another woman might taste like she felt Nathon grab her under her arms and maneuver her so that her face was over Beth’s pussy and her own pussy was over Beth’s face. She looked down at the damp, tight curls, the smell of sex wafting up, the pink inside peeking through the otherwise jet black tangle, and suddenly all reluctance and fear were gone. 

She lowered her head and traced her tongue around Beth's lips. The other woman bucked, partly from the arousal and partly from the knowledge that she’d just taken Ally’s “virginity”. Ally pressed harder, working her tongue inside with the practiced ease of someone who’d done this numerous times, and Beth responded in kind. 

Reaching down she parted Beth's lips with her fingers and sucked on her clit. She licked her lips, savoring her first taste of pussy as Beth moaned and humped her face. She teased Beth’s outer lips with her fingers while she flicked her tongue against the slit. Probing, tasting, and licking, Ally was overwhelmed with new sensations. She couldn't believe how good it was, how much she loved pussy. 

Beth was grinding her hips hard into Ally's face but she managed to pull back enough to get two fingers inside, slowly drawing them out and pushing in again, all the while flicking her tongue against Beth’s clit. For her part, Beth was ramming her three fingers in and out of Ally’s hot wet snatch as fast as she could, and Ally didn’t realize she was about to cum again until the first blast hit her. 

Before it was over Nathon pushed Ally away, knelt between Beth's legs and shoved his cock deep into her cunt with one thrust. Beth moaned and started coming immediately. Ally needed more; she crawled over and licked Beth's clit again, driving her farther over the edge. She kept licking and sucking, going back and forth from Beth's clit to Nathon's cock. She got off the bed and moved behind him, getting under so she could lick his balls and finger his ass. 

He grunted, to far gone to try to make her stop. He reached down and rubbed Beth’s clit at the same pace that Ally was sliding a finger in and out of his ass, all three of them moaning loudly. Ally pushed her finger in hard and twisted and Nathon roared, forcing his cock deep in Beth, who in turn bucked and thrashed as she started to come. Nathon was unable to stop humping as they both came, Ally’s finger making him buck and pump wildly. He continued to pour cum into Beth's cunt and then fell, spent, on top of her. Ally, a new woman awakened, positioned herself between their legs and licked and sucked the cum as it dribbled out of Beth, Nathon’s cock thickly spreading her wide even as it softened. 

Amazingly Ally felt herself on the verge of another orgasm and scrambled to hasten it along. Still recovering, Nathon was easily rolled to the side so Ally could straddle Beth’s face, knees on either side of her head. Hurriedly she rubbed her pussy across Beth’s mouth, on the brink, until mercifully Beth grabbed her hips and shoved her tongue in Ally’s pussy, running it along her inner walls. Ally fell backwards sprawling with the force of her explosion. 

Beth moved on top of her, gasping for air, and kissed her deeply, their tongues flicking and intertwining. Bodies pressed together, breasts against breasts, legs wrapped together and crotches grinding together, Ally opened her mouth wider, letting Beth taste Nathon and herself on her tongue. 

Beth held her tight until she stopped shaking and the heat between her legs dwindled to a soft glow. They parted, but Beth continued to explore her body with her hands, running her fingers over the smooth sensitive flesh of Ally’s freshly shaved pussy. Ally shivered, her nipples hardening again. She had an idea it was going to be a long night. Nathon positioned himself against her back, holding her close, his swelling cock nestling between her ass cheeks, another promise of things to come. 

"Thank you," he said between soft kisses on her neck.