 Katie and her girlfriend seek adventure during those wild college days

College kept me busy, but I still kept in touch with a couple of my girlfriends, and sometimes we'd go out on weekends to house parties and other events. There would always be guys there to meet, but I found I was pretty selective. If someone met my standards for cute and decent, he could pretty much be guaranteed a BJ in the bathroom, or even more if there was a bedroom available with a lock on the door.

My closest girlfriend, Dee, liked to play around a little too. She was ever so slightly heavy set, but had huge boobs and she's cute as a button. At a house party she might take off with a guy in one direction, while I'd grab one and find a different location for some fun. We were both very discrete though. We did not want to develop the reputation of being sluts, so if we fooled around like that it might only be once every couple of months or so.

A few nights each week I'd sneak downstairs right after my parents went to bed. They had rented out the basement suite to a young guy named Rob. I told him I wasn't looking for a relationship but quickly determined he was an excellent fuck with a very suckable cock.

My course schedule was arranged so that usually twice-a-week my afternoons were free. That's when I would hook-up with my four fuck-buddies for exciting mini-orgies to help service my urges and satisfy my cum cravings.

I could never tell my girlfriends, even Dee, about any of that. She would definitely not be impressed with me if she knew I was getting that much cock a week. However, we both agreed that getting a little extra variety once in a while was nice.

Dee and I walked into one party and there was a handsome young man I recognized. He beamed a warm smile at me and then I remembered. He and I had hooked-up a couple of months ago. He was chatting with another guy, and when that fellow turned my way, well son-of-a-bitch, I'd been with him too, a few months back.

He smiled at me as well, then they looked at each other quizzically and both exclaimed, "No!" at the same time. It was nice to feel wanted but kind of embarrassing that they knew each other, and had both been with me. I suggested to Dee that we should depart, and she clearly knew why by way of my little eye roll. The two guys, Dave and Larry, intercepted us before we made our move.

I was a bit uncomfortable but they were polite and both said they'd missed me, then Dave added, "Yeah, we even talk about you from time to time. You're pretty unforgettable."

Larry said, "Let me grab you two a beer. We can chat."

Dee was no dummy, and she immediately understood these guys had made it onto my conquest list. We sat and sipped our cold beer and had a good talk with the guys. They were nice and very likable. Dave asked if the two of us would like to have some fun tonight. Oddly, Dee said she wasn't really in the mood, but I sure was. Maybe she didn't want my cast-offs.

I glanced at Dee, but she'd clearly made her decision. I looked both guys up and down, then said, "I could go for a threesome."

They nearly dropped their beers along with their jaws. They glanced uneasily at each other for a couple of seconds and then started to smile.

Dave calmly said, "Sure. I know there's a spare bedroom downstairs in this house, but it doesn't have a lock."

I suggested maybe Dee could watch the door for us. She got a little indignant and said, "Yeah right, I'll watch the door while you guys all get busy. I don't think so."

I thought she was about to leave, which meant I'd be obligated to go also, and this interesting opportunity would fall apart, so I did my best puppy-dog eyes and said, "Please!"

"Seriously?" she asked.

"Come on, it'll be fun." I pleaded, and at the same time I could feel a hot surge of wetness in my panties.

She laughed and shook her head at me, then said, "There's a four letter word for girls like you, and it's unkind. But if this is what you want... I'm here for you."

The guys seemed a little stunned at our open exchange, but I said, "Let's go." and started across the room toward the open staircase.

Dave stepped quickly around us and led the way. Downstairs there happened to be four more young men playing pool and watching the game, so a door monitor would be a good thing. I'm sure they were curious as the four of us entered the bedroom and closed the door behind ourselves, but I didn't care at this point.

Dee leaned against the door like a good cop, then asked if we wanted the lights off. I noticed a small bedside lamp and flicked it on, and she turned off the main lights. It felt quite cozy, and the spacious room contained a big king-size bed and even had a fully equipped attached bathroom. Perfect, I thought.

I pulled Dave and Larry in close and gave them each a nice, sexy kiss and squeezed their crotches. I could feel their dicks twitching in my hands.

"Guys, if we're gonna do this, it'll be much more fun without our clothes on." I said.

They quickly stripped off. I'd seen them both naked before, but Dee hadn't and she appeared quite impressed, even in the subdued lighting. I was quickly down to my bra and panties and suggested I wouldn't mind receiving some tongue action.

Larry grabbed me in a tight hug and gently lowered me onto the middle of the bed. He rolled over to straddle me, then undid my bra and massaged my tingling tits. He kissed them and sucked the nipples, then slowly licked his way down my tummy. He wiggled me out of my lacy little panties, then went to town with his tongue and fingers. He was good, and I came over and over for him as he licked up my plentiful juice.

Meanwhile Dave got on his knees beside my head and presented his cock for me to suck. I really liked this and I was the center of sexual attention once again. I looked over at Dee and she was just quietly standing there, shaking her head but smiling slightly as she watched us.

Larry lifted my legs onto his shoulders and proceeded to penetrate me. He fucked me hard. It always felt so good to have two stiff dicks in me at once. I liked it.

The guys switched and I got to suck Larry's cock while Dave vigorously fucked me, and I kept orgasming.

Then they switched again. Nice teamwork, I thought. I enjoyed getting to suck two pussy flavored cocks. This was hot!

I heard both guys starting to breathe hard, and I knew it was almost time. Soon, both of them orgasmed, one in my juicy beaver and the other in my mouth. I came intensely and it felt fantastic!

I sucked the remaining drops from Dave's relaxing dick, then had Larry pull out of me so I could suck his cock a bit and taste his last cum dribbles as well. I glanced toward Dee. She looked amazed and surprised by my actions. I guess she didn't know I was such an eager slut.

The guys went into the bathroom to wash up while I just lay on the bed and casually toyed with my clit and my tits. I couldn't stop smiling. They seemed pretty fucking happy too. Dee kept staring at me with that look of shock, but finally grinned and gave me a thumbs up.

Dave found a hotel style housecoat hanging behind the bathroom door. He threw it on, tied up the cotton belt, and before anyone could say anything, he stepped out of the bedroom.

"I'll grab us some fresh beers," he advised as he closed the door behind himself.

Dee and I looked at each other with some concern. If those other guys were still in the basement, it would now be abundantly obvious what was going on in this bedroom.

Dave quickly re-entered with four cold beers in hand and said, "Don't worry. I didn't say anything to anybody."

Apparently he didn't have to, because about ten seconds later there was a light knock on the door. Dee cracked it open, and one of those other guys was standing there, smiling.

"Anybody need assistance or anything else in there?" He asked with a silly grin.

Now, I'd just had two cocks in me, and got two loads of cum. I felt that irresistible craving surge through me. I had enjoyed some great orgasms and I was ready for more.

I looked toward Dave and Larry and asked, "You guys up for another round yet?"

It had only been a couple of minutes, and I was pretty sure they'd decline. They glanced at each other and both shook their heads.

"Soon." Larry said, confidently.

The other guy was still at the door so I mischievously inquired, "What did you have in mind?"

I was surprised by the boldness of his response when he said, "We were kind of hoping there might be some fucking going on. There's volunteers out here."

I rolled off the bed and walked fully naked toward the partially open door. I made sure he could get a good look at all of me and his eyes just about popped out of his head.

I was consumed by the craving that was coursing through me. I didn't care about Dave and Larry at the moment. They'd be hard again soon anyway. I opened the door all the way, took one step into the light and just stood there, smiling. All four guys stopped and stared.

I loved the way they looked at my big, hard-nippled tits and my freshly fucked bald beaver. It made me orgasm on the spot, and I was completely overcome with lustful urges.

I raised my index finger to my lips and went, "Sshhh." then stepped back and waved them toward me. I knew I looked good, especially nude, and said, "You're all welcome to come on in if you'd like, I'm in the mood for some fun tonight."

They almost tumbled though the door. Dee closed it behind them and shook her head at me in astonished disbelief. I just smiled at her and said, "You should get some too."

I got onto the bed on my hands and knees and instructed, "I need one of you to fuck me now, doggy-style. Somebody else, get in front of me so I can suck some cock."

The first guys to get naked complied with my request and I promptly had two hard dicks in me. One grabbed my hips and started drilling my soaked pussy from behind, while the other guy knelt in front of my face. I started to suck his cock which took major concentration due to all the pleasure I was feeling from the hard dick pounding my twat.

I got them both to stop for a few seconds and told the group, "Guys, I'd like to deepthroat all of you, but when I push on your hip, I need you to pull back so I can catch a breath." They all nodded to acknowledge my request.

"Okay, let's get at it. You behind me, fuck my pussy," then I looked up at the guy kneeling in front of me and instructed, "You. Fuck my mouth."

This was a really awesome sensation, and the guys got a pretty good rhythm going. I'd have to stop deep-throating every so often to catch a breath, but I could easily handle two hard cocks in this position. It didn't take long, and they both came and filled me with two more loads of man juice. Those two were swiftly replaced by the next two guys.

Dee told me later that I looked like I was on a rotisserie with a hot rod stuffed in each end. I was totally getting off as I got fucked front and rear. I managed to pause while happily sucking away and told Dee, "Girlfriend, get with it."

She shot an angered glance at me, then shrugged. She looked at Dave and Larry and instructed them to stand against the door. I thought she was going to join me on the bed. Instead, she dropped to her knees and began to switch suck the two of them until they were good and hard again.

Before long, the next two guys had given me their cum loads. Dee had succeeded in getting Dave and Larry fully hard again, so they got on the bed to get sucked and fucked for round two, while Dee switch sucked the first two new guys back to hardness.

This was quite the system. She got 'em hard, I got their cum. Each guy took a turn fucking me and came in my pussy, and each guy fucked my mouth and gave me a cum load to swallow as well. Two of the new guys managed a bonus round and came in my mouth twice.

I was quite proud of how well I sucked cock by this point, and I'd certainly learned a lot. One thing I liked to do, just as I sensed a guy was about to come, would be to pause, look up and smile at him, then whisper, "Come in my mouth." I really think it made their orgasms much more intense, and maybe got me an extra spurt of two of their juice every time.

Afterward, we asked the guys not to tell the world about this, but everyone knows boys love to brag their sex shit up. Dee and I cleaned up and hastily took off.

As we walked toward her car she was continuously shaking her head and staring at the ground. Finally she stopped, looked me in the eyes and very sarcastically stated, "Wow... Ya think you know somebody!"

"Hey!" I retorted, "Once things got started you were no angel tonight either!"

"You never told me you could deepthroat." She commented, "Man, I could tell the guys really liked that!"

We had a good talk, and she said she'd never had an experience like this before. In the past she'd only ever been with one guy at a time. She was struggling with her morals because she had just sucked six cocks. That was huge for her.

I lied and told her I felt the same, and suggested we should be more cautious in the future. It seemed to make her feel better. We hugged and cried a little bit. I teased her and told her she was just mad because she didn't get any cum tonight. It made us laugh.

In reality, I was still super horny and just wanted to get home and fuck my sex toy, or Rob if he was available.

Fuck!