 "Carly!" Gina had never learned any other way to start a phone conversation than with an exclamation point 

"Hey, guess who's going to be back in town tonight?" 

That could only be the third member of our little band of confidants, Maryanne. The three of us had always been tight, all through high school. We had other friends, but we three shared the really close in feelings and stuff. You know what I mean. The relationship was just a little closer than with anyone else and we had no secrets between us. It was great. 

Maryanne had been the whippiest of the three, always stirring things up and the first to do everything. She was, for example the first to lose her virginity. She couldn't wait to tell us about it and I think Gina and I were a little shocked, but completely enthralled. All through high school, Maryanne had led me into exciting, adventurous corners of life. Places I would never have had the nerve to try, Maryanne had shown me the way.

"Maryanne, right?"

"Right! Want to hang out? She brought her new boyfriend along. Shouldn't we check him out? See if he is OK?" Gina laughed that big laugh that somehow suits her so well. 

"They want to go out and get something to eat. OK?"

"Ok, sounds good!"

"Cool. What are you wearing?"

"I got jeans on, think that's OK?"

Gina's car was one of those big black Crown Victoria Fords that my Dad had always thought were the most wonderful thing in the world in the seventies. They were big and roomy and soft and mushy-feeling driving down the road, but a great, roomy place for making out. The boyfriend was driving and honked outside. I ran out of the house, calling a goodbye over my shoulder.

Steve was holding the car door for me like a chauffeur when I got down the steps. 

"You must be the gorgeous flaming redhead I keep hearing about!" He made a good start, I thought. He held onto my hand a little too long, though. Was he coming on to me? A little early for that, I thought. But he had a nice smile and I was willing to listen to that kind of flattery.

"Liar!" I said. "Maryanne has never told you any such thing!" Maryanne laughed from inside the bus.

"Really!" he said, his smile widening.

Applebee's OK with you? Maryanne leaned over the seatback and pulled me closer for a kiss on the cheek. She held onto my hand for a few minutes, talking excitedly about things she had been doing since we last were together. "Chicago is just great. When are you going to come look for a job? Really, you'd love it! You can move in with me, you know."

I changed the subject "Don't you love Gina's car? God, you could live in this thing. I mean, remember how great these things were for making out? Not that I would know, of course, but you guys used to tell me!"

"Ohhhhhh, right, listen to the girl!" Gina gave me a friendly nudge in the ribs as she. "Careful Steve, you have to turn here, this is the place!" She had been watching his driving all the while. The car is her baby and I was surprised she had let him drive in the first place.

"We called Carly the wild one, Steve, so don't listen to her." Maryanne leaned across and nuzzled Steve's neck.

"Hey, you two, go easy up there. We're here you know. And watch where you're going, I need this car even if you think it is funny looking." Gina snapped at them as we turned into Applebee's.

Maryanne was dressed fit to kill. Her short skirt bounced over the prominent curve of her bottom as she bounded up the stairs in front of us. Her legs were encased in sheer black pantyhose that emphasized their length. 

"Nothing has changed, has it Gina, she still shows us up and makes us look like bumpkins. Do you notice that?"

Maryanne laughed and the bright red lipstick slash of her lips showed her white teeth in that familiar gorgeous smile. 

"You know I wouldn't do that! Just some old thing I threw on. Besides it drives Steve crazy, don't ya know!" She turned at the top of the steps and I could see just a hint of her panties under the skirt as she turned to grinned down at us.

Steve turned out to be a very fun guy. He was laughing and teasing everyone, including the waitress, immediately. It was gonna be hard not to like him, I thought. The service was very fast and we had one of those big appetizer samplers in front of us right away. 

"Oh, god, I have missed these things! Yummy. Try one, Steve." Maryanne held one of those little quesadillas for him, slipping it between his lips seductively. She reached across him to feed one to me, too, as we sat around the high round table which we used to gather around before Maryanne went off to Chicago. I took the food and she reached one of her long fingers out to brush some of the sauce off my lips. Maryanne had a sexy way of doing things like that, her eyes very intent on what she was doing. 

We laughed and joked and ate too much of the heavy food, washing it down with a German beer Steve insisted on. I was feeling worn down from all the laughter. Steve was very funny. Between him and Maryanne, Gina and I didn't have to force the conversation; we were in stitches all the time. 

Steve really looked at you when he talked. It was sexy. And when he made a point, he would touch my arm and look into my eyes. I was starting to like him. Maryanne didn't seem to mind, in fact she seemed to be encouraging him, if anything. She probably wanted him to get along with her best friends.

Not much that Maryanne or Gina do would shock me. We just know each other too well and have been together through to many crazy things over the years. I had come to expect the unexpected, if you know what I mean. At least that is what I thought. Until Maryanne and I went to the ladies room together. Another girl left and we had it to ourselves. Maryanne, leaning close to the mirror, was replacing some of the lipstick that Steve had chewed off. 

Her eyes rolled toward me and she said: "Want to fuck Steve, Carly?"

Now even for us, that was a little surprising. I'm sure I looked shocked. I am very fair skinned, apart from tons of freckles, and I think the space between the freckles probably got filled in with my blushing. I stared back at her in the mirror, a question mark on my face.

"What? Oh, sure, Maryanne, sure. What the hell are you talking ............."

She giggled and stared back at me. "Well, you like him, don't you? I can see that! And he likes you, too. I can see that. I'm really glad, too. I wanted him to like you. He already told me he thinks your freckles are cute!"

I thought she was just kidding and would let it go at having shocked me. But she was still looking at me like she was waiting for an answer.

"Come on, Maryanne, what is the joke? You know I wouldn't do that."

"Oh my god! You still a virgin, girl! What are you waiting for?"

Now, my face was, for sure, red as the flag. "Oh, shut up. Leave me alone!"

"God, you've done everything else! You still driving those dates crazy and sending the poor things home frustrated and aching balls?"

"Not exactly." That was the best I could muster as an answer as Maryanne leaned close and hugged me. 

"You can, you know. I give you my permission. And Steve is GOOD at it! She whispered it in my ear, and the GOOD was hissed as a deep breath that made me shiver in spite of myself. Maryanne giggled in a very mischievous way, and I could feel my nipples harden as our breasts touched as she tightened the hug then pulled me toward the door.

I just laughed at her and pushed her on ahead. 

"You are crazy, you know that?" We were still laughing when we got back to the table to find another beer ready for us.

"And what is so funny, may we ask?" Steve greeted us, breaking off an intense conversation with Gina .

"You. We were talking about you, if you must know," Maryanne laughed loudly and looked at me, renewing my blushing. "Weren't we, Carly?"

Steve looked from one to the other with a cute quizzical expression. I just shook my head. I really couldn't think of anything to say.

"You know, .... how cute you are. And how you KNOW you are so cute!" Maryanne was on a roll now; the beer was making the words come fast and furious. 

"Oh, thanks a lot!" he laughed, and he squeezed her close.

"Oh, ...and I told her you were good at it!"

"Then the secret is out?" he didn't even miss a beat, just kept right on going. I noticed his hand slip around the side of her breast and watched Maryanne clamp her arm down on his hand seductively. 

He turned to me and said. "Then we don't have to be strangers anymore, do we. He leaned close and we kissed. I felt that little thrill you get when someone slips their tongue between your lips for the first time. He held the kiss and I let him taste the tip of my tongue briefly. It was really a good kiss.

"Hey, what am I? Sliced bologna?" Gina gibed from the other side of the table. "What did I do, sit on the wrong side of the table? All the fun is over there?"

"Share and share alike, I always say." Steve was getting into this. He stood up and leaned across the little table and waited for Gina to meet his lips. She giggled and pecked his lips.

"Oh, come on, Gina; more of a kiss than that! You are such a prude!" Maryanne was throwing more coal on the fire. I noticed that Steve's pants were bulging as he kissed Gina a little longer this time. His tongue slipped out to lick Gina's tightly closed lips. It wasn't that Gina was stuffy; she was always just a little more private.

We definitely were at the 'happy table' at Applebee's that night. I admit that I was really enjoying it. I could already sense that all this sexy talk had my panties a little moist.

On the way out, Steve held the door for us and I went through last. He fell into step and slipped his hand easily around my waist, letting it rest on my hip in a familiar way. 

"I am really glad I have met you two. This has been fun! Don't you think?"

"Yeah, great!" I replied. He squeezed me closer and for a few steps our thighs were together, almost like an embrace. Friendly, like.

Maryanne had the back door of the car open. "Come on, Carly, we can all fit in the back and make Gina be our chauffeur!" She got in, pulling me with her, and then reached for Steve's hand and directed him between us. He sat in my lap and then slid across, making mock moaning sounds as he paused and squirmed against my breasts.

"Once around the park, then?" Our 'Chauffeur' wanted to know. 

She nosed the big car into the street and headed toward Grand Valley Park. We had spent hours of our youth here, passionately learning about life and drawing hearts on the steamed up windows. 

Steve draped an arm around each of us. He didn't need to pull us close, we were snuggled close already and I was feeling pretty good, too. I felt his hand graze the top of my breast and looked out of the corner of my eye to see that it was still share and share alike. Maryanne's had pulled Steve's other hand comfortably over her breast. 

Steve moved tentatively lower and I felt his fingers slip over my jutting nipple and tuck softly under my breast. I found myself chattering away nervously as our laughing banter continued. I was definitely feeling an increasing moistness between my legs now. But, it felt good, and so I decided to relax and enjoy the unusual situation as it developed.

"Have you ever had a three way?" Maryanne asked Steve, leaning around to wink at me.

"A three-way?" Gina chimed in from the front, peering into her mirror. "A three-way? .. You mean like when we were kids and you taught Carly and me about French kissing?" 

"Sounds like fun!" Steve, laughed, sounding rather eager.

"We were thirteen and Maryanne had just had an eighth grader, (an older man), stick his tongue half way down her throat." Gina raced on with the tale, laughing and blurting it out as she wheeled around the wide curves of the hilly park. "Is that what you mean? And how come I'm left out again, I want to know?"

"Shut up and drive." I laughed.

"C'mon, Carly, let's show him."

I tasted her lipstick as we met in a little triangle with Steve's mouth. We were all three giggling and the position wasn't right with us sitting in a row. 

"We can do better than that!" Maryanne knelt on the seat and pulled me around toward them. Once again our lips met, the giggling having died down a little. I felt Maryanne led the way with her tongue tasting Steve's and then my lips. I joined in and the three tongues were soon dueling in the friendliest possible way. I pressed my tongue between the two of them. There in the warm moistness, they fondled me. 

Steve's hand tightened on my breast and Maryanne pressed her body closer, straddling his right thigh. Steve's right hand had disappeared on her side and his left was now twiddling my telltale nipple. My nipples are sooooo very sensitive, too. They have direct circuit with my pussy, which was now really getting wet. We bumped and squirmed against each other, holding the kiss through curve after curve as Gina made constant cranky comments about being left out.

As we broke the three-way, Maryanne looked at Steve and asked: "You like?"

"Like it? Holy shit. Like it? I love it. More! More!"

Maryanne looked at me with a grin and leaned forward to plant a lipstick flavored kiss just for me. It was just a peck between old friends, but nice, too.

"Put your hand on hers too." She said, staring into his eyes with a mischievous grin. That was when I realized where his hand had disappeared. I couldn't see it because it was now busy under her skirt. It was strange, but I suddenly felt a little jealous of her and her short skirt.

Steve paused a moment, not sure whether she meant it, then looked at me. After another look into Maryanne's eyes he took his hand from my breast and slowly put it on my thigh. I bit my lip a little and looked off into the darkness of the Park.

I felt Maryanne's hand on my knee pulling my legs apart. Her hand took Steve's and led it higher along my thigh.

"What is going on back there? It has gotten awfully quiet."

Steve flexed his fingers, reaching deeper between my thighs and I felt myself drenching my panties. Maryanne pushed his hand higher yet until I felt his long fingers pressed against the slit of my pussy. Maryanne's hand was on top of his and also between my thighs.

"Now, isn't that nice?" she said? 

I'm not sure which of us she was asking, but Steve sort of gasped out a squeaky "Yes!" 

I guess I would have said the same thing. I could just imagine that Steve thought he had died and gone to heaven. He probably never thought he would be rocketing around the curves of a park in the back seat of a Crown Victoria while fondling the soft yielding pussies of two girls at the same time.

Our tongues were busy again at Maryanne's helpful urging. The three-way kissing is truly a hoot. It is unbelievably thrilling. I mean, every part of my body was tingling. You know how French kisses can bring your body alive? Well, a three-way just multiplies it by not just three but by, like 9 or ten times. At least that is how it felt for me.

Gina parked and turned out the lights. I could feel her eyes on us as we continued groping each other. My cheeks were wet from all the kissing and Steve was rubbing me so nicely that my legs kept opening further as I hunched forward against his fingers. Steve's finger pressed the flat seam of the jeans deep between the lips of my pussy. 

Maryanne took my hand and brought it between us to show me how hard Steve had become. His prick felt huge! It was tight against his pants and standing straight up. As our hands fondled up and down his length, he made strange gurgling sounds against our lips.

"Really, girls, don't I get in on this at all?" Gina was feeling left out. "I can't believe this!" she kept saying beneath her astonished giggling. She was kneeling on the seat and facing us in the darkness. 

We broke apart and let Steve come up for air a moment. We were all three sweaty and our lips and faces wet from the kissing. Steve laid his head back against the seat and stared off at the ceiling a moment, gathering it all together.

"Come on Steve, my other friend wants some of this too, you know." 

Steve was eager for more. He took a deep breath and leaned forward, sitting forward on the edge of the seat and slipped his arms around Gina. Their lips met and Gina moaned appreciatively, making fun of all the noises we had been making. My hand was alone in Steve's lap now, but I couldn't quite draw it away. I was fascinated by the size of his dick and how hard it felt. Hard, and very warm, under my hand. He reached down and stopped my hand from moving, so I just left it there, resting quietly around the throbbing mass of him. His arm brushed my breasts as he went back to embracing Gina .

Gina pulled away and sighed. "Now I finally know what they mean by sloppy seconds!"

The fondling and kissing continued in the back seat, while Gina just leaned against the door and watched us. 

Maryanne straddled Steve's legs and scooted her ass down against his raging hard on. 

"Girls, if you don't mind, I want to fuck my man right now. Is that OK with you all? I hate to be blunt, but, I really need it. And I think it would be nice to have you here." She was really playing the wanton role now and loving it.

Gina sat up sharply. "Oh god, not in my car, Maryanne. You'll make a mess, I just know it. Let's go back to my apartment." She had the car started and rolling before anything else could happen. "Besides, I haven't even christened this car myself, yet!"

"Sorry sweetie!" Maryanne gave him one final kiss and unwound off his lap.

The drive was brief and we cooled down a little bit in the back seat. Steve's hands were draped around us cradling our tits, but we all needed a little calming down. His hand felt very comfortable, very nice, cupping my breast. I could tell that it had swollen slightly to fit into his encircling fingers.

When we arrived, Gina scurried around, straightening up the living room, putting things away and out of sight, including a light green bra hanging incongruously on the doorknob. She turned on some music and, just as I sat down, Maryanne interrupted.

Her face was flushed and her cheeks were red from the scraping of Steve's beard. Her skirt was slightly askew. Her lipstick was smeared a little around her lips. Still her long brown hair wreathed her pretty face and she looked stunning. Maryanne was a good sized girl, but not fat. She had remarkable long, full legs and she had bigger breasts than either Gina or I did. Here eyes were green, unusual for someone with her long dark hair, and gave her a haunting look. Statuesque, that's the best description. She stood, hands on hips, and asked the fateful question.

"OK, girls who is joining Steve and me?"

"Oh, you go ahead, I have a crossword to do." Gina laughed the question away. "Just please don't make too much noise. You'll get me all aroused."

"C'mon then, Carly." She held her hand out to me, pulling me from the couch against weak protests. Steve took the other hand and looked into my eyes with a slight question on his face. My heart was pounding, a will admit that. I resisted, never having thought to be in this position before. Still the car had been fun. I was truly turned on by the darkly handsome Steve. It really had been fun. I resisted. Maryanne, smiled and tugged again at my hand.

"OK, but I am leaving my clothes on, OK?" I know, I know, you are saying, you made up your mind and this is just a cover story. But I thought I meant it at the time. 

I was led off to the bedroom, my heart in my throat, and legs feeling a little heavy with fear of the unknown.

Maryanne left the door ajar and there was a little light from the streetlight streaming in through the apartment window. She turned and found a lighter for a candle on the nightstand and then another on the dresser in front of a cut glass mirror that sent shimmering shafts of light around the room.
