 Ch. 2 – First Fun Day At Sea

I went to bed early that first night, tired out from the traveling and the sex bout with my maid and steward, Ramon and Dea. I had a light dinner and after my customary cognac and cigar, I retired with a good book and some classical music on the stereo.

The first day at sea I rose early, calling for breakfast after a quick shower and shave. I donned my white slacks, navy shirt and captain's hat, a gift from my friend the master of this vessel.

One of the great things about the VIP stateroom is that I have total control over how much and on what terms I mix with other passengers. That's not to say I am particularly snobby or anti-social, but there are times I prefer my own company. On a cruise ship that can be a problem, as the walls are thin and all the areas of the ship generally crowded at all times, day or night.

This day decided to mix a little and see what sorts of people I could meet. Since it was a sunny day I was particularly looking forward to seeing all the pretty young girls in their very tiny bikinis. Even though I knew I had guaranteed cock and pussy in my stateroom, I do love a little variety and a challenge and conquest.

I made my way to the dining room, which had open seating for breakfast and lunch, always a way to play "passenger roulette." You can be seated with the most gorgeous woman or most interesting man or with some old couple from Des Moines who will tell you about all their medical conditions in great graphic detail. 

This morning I got lucky, and was seated with two college girls and their parents. Dad was in Real Estate, mom was the executive vice-president of a pharmaceutical company and the girls were Ivy League, pre-something's. We talked about jobs, and what we were all going to do once we reached Mexico. The girls attended big eastern universities and this was their first family vacation in years.

The girls were both pretty. Callie, the elder of the two, had black hair and blue eyes, my favorite combination. She wore a blue and green sundress and exuded sweetness. Her sister, Beth, was a dirty blonde with green eyes, who wore a pink and yellow sundress. Both girls were stunningly beautiful and had a look of innocence. Funny thing was I sensed something deeper and more adventurous in the two, something I was sure their parents were totally unaware of.

Mom and Dad excused themselves, wanting to hit the early afternoon bingo game. That left me with Callie and Beth.

"So, what are you girls studying?"

"Political Science," said Callie.

"Chemical Engineering," said Beth.

"Impressive. How do you like it here on the ship?"

"Well, Joe, we're bored as hell," said Callie. She pulled a pack of cigarettes from her purse and lit one. She offered me the pack and I took one, as did her sister.

"But there's so much to do on a ship this big."

"Yeah," said Beth. "If you're old.

I smiled at the girls. This was going to be easier than I thought.

"No guys your age around? I've seen a few around."

"Yeah, we hooked up last night," said Callie. "Couple of surfer dudes from Los Angeles. Three puffs of reefer and they passed out on us."

"Well, that doesn't sound like too much fun. Tell you what. Why don't you come up to my stateroom? I've got a private Jacuzzi, full bar, and an entertainment center you wouldn't believe."

The girls looked at each other and smiled. "Well, Joe. That sounds nice," said Beth. "But we aren't those kinds of girls."

Callie jabbed her sister with an elbow. "Speak for yourself, little sister. What's your cabin number?"

"Well, why don't you go back to your cabin and get your bathing suits. I'll send a steward down to collect you."

The girls agreed. I went up to my room and told Ramon to get on his formal steward's uniform and go down to collect the girls. I told Dea to prepare some snacks as well as calling up some champagne and caviar. Nothing gets girls out of their panties quicker than caviar.

I changed into my Speedos and put on my robe as I awaited their arrival. I grabbed a cigar and went out onto the balcony to turn on the spa. I lit the cigar and looked out over the Pacific Ocean, contemplating just how good life could be.

The girls arrived dressed in skimpy bikinis I was sure Mom and Dad had never seen. Callie's was turquoise and Beth's was hot pink. Both girls had immaculately done nails, both finger and toe. Their skin was white, very telling of their eastern locales. I motioned them out onto the deck and signaled for Dea to bring refreshments. I handed each girl a glass of champagne and raised my own in toast.

"To new friends and new adventures!" We clinked glasses and settled onto chairs. "Do you like caviar?"

The girls said they had never tried it. I fixed each of them a sample and they ate it like candy. I refilled their glasses twice before we decided to hit the spa.

I removed my robe, showing them my hairy body and amply filled Speedos. I caught both of them in a momentary stare at my crotch. A good sign.

The water was warm and we eased into it, the girls each taking one side of me. I put an arm around each and found no resistance. We talked about little things and they asked about my stateroom. I explained about VIP treatment and about how important it was in life to cultivate the right people.

"Is that a real Cuban cigar?" asked Beth.

"It sure is. Want to try it?"

I handed it to her, marveling at how her lips accepted the shaft. She took a couple of puffs and handed it to her sister, who also relished the treat.

"How do you get these?" Callie asked.

"Connections. Girls, life is all about who you know."

The girls snuggled closer to me and I made a nook for each with my arms. I gently stroked their shoulders, eliciting little mews from them. I tried out Callie first, bringing my hand to the upper part of her breast. She looked up at me and smiled as I continued my exploration.

Her tit was so firm, the result of youth. I felt her nipple through the fabric of her bikini and instantly it became erect. By this time little sister noticed the extra attention I was giving Callie.

"Forgetting about me, Joe?"

I smiled my most devilish smile. "I thought you weren't that kind of girl."

"I can be persuaded." With that she stood up and removed her top, revealing her own gorgeous globes of flesh. They stood out firm, capped with tiny pink nipples. She then stepped out of her bottoms, revealing a full bush of dirty blonde pubic hair. After modeling her nudity a minute, she came back into the water. Once settled, her hand found my crotch and began rubbing me.

I turned to Callie. With a nod we both rose and removed our suits. The girls gawked at my now erect penis, all nine inches exposed to their view. As if on cue they both brought hand to my cock and started stroking it, feeling its length and the balls hanging beneath.

"Shall we move this party inside, ladies?"

"Should we get dressed?" asked Beth. "What about the two in there?"

"Don't worry about them. They will only see what I tell them."

We grabbed our suits and went into the bedroom. Dea looked up from her work, smiling at us as we passed. Ramon eyed the girls lustily. If things worked out, they would both get a taste of his pole as well.

We fell onto the bed and I went to work on Callie first. Her bush was trimmed and sparse, unlike the more natural look of her sister. I explored her womanhood with my tongue, lapping up her sweet juices. I felt Beth at my cock, tentatively taking it into her mouth. Callie was a quick trigger and came very quickly, bucking her hips off of the bed.

Then the most wonderful thing happened. Callie dove for her own sister's crotch, eating her sibling's pussy. Beth screamed at her sister's ministrations but enjoyed it nonetheless. Callie maneuvered around and got her sister into a hot 69, offering her own womanhood to Beth, who dove for it quickly. It was obviously not the first time these girls had engaged in Sapphic love.

I sat and watched as the girls eat each other. I moved around the back of Callie and plunged my cock into her. She was hot and wet enough that I had no trouble getting all nine inches into her. Beth licked my shaft as I thrust, taking care of her sister and me at the same time. 

I banged Callie doggie-style, savoring the tightness of her young pussy. My balls slammed into her clit and Beth's nose repeatedly as we became one heap of sexual energy and animal passion. I asked the girls to switch, as I wanted a taste of Beth's pussy.

And what a pussy it was. Tight as Callie was, Beth's hole made Callie feel like the Holland tunnel. It took me five minutes to work my whole shaft into her, and then I went to town. Both girls were moaning, having orgasm after orgasm. As I felt mine approaching I pulled out and started working my shaft with my hand. The girls stuck out their tongues, fighting for my sperm as it erupted from the end of my cock. When I was done, I had covered their faces with my seed.

I kissed them both, taking back some of my sticky semen from them, until we were all sharing cum-flavored kisses. I lit three cigarettes and we lay back, enjoying the feelings and satisfactions of the freshly fucked.

"Still bored, girls?"

"No!" they said in unison.

I hugged them close. When my cock started to stir again, both sisters went down on me. They loved the taste of their own juices and my sperm, lapping it up with abandon. Callie took my balls in her mouth as Beth concentrated on my shaft. I could feel the gentle rocking of the boat as I enjoyed a double blowjob from the beautiful sisters.

Callie found my asshole and stuck first one, then a second finger up my back passage. With that I moaned and filled her sister's mouth with another load of cream. Once I was done spewing, the sisters licked my cock clean.

I suggested a little snack and we put our suits on and went to the main room. I told them to tell Dea whatever they wanted and each challenged her, but they wish was her command. For myself I ordered up a thick steak and a half-bottle of wine.

As we ate, I could see Ramon checking out the girls, full of Latin horniness. I always believe in rewarding the help, so I decided to get him and Dea into the fun.

Once the dishes were cleared I had a work with them, telling them that I wanted to watch them fuck. More than obliging the two stripped out of their clothes and went to the bedroom.

The girls followed me in for the show.

Dea went straight for Ramon's thick prong, already erect from watching the two young girls. He rubbed Dea's black hair as she worked his rod into her mouth and down her throat. The girls were amazed that she could take all ten inches.

"I've never seen an uncircumcised cock before," said Callie.

"Me neither," replied Beth.

"Well, if you like, you can do more than see it." I said.

Ramon was busy humping Dea, ramming his horse cock into her little pussy. She cried out with every thrust, hardly able to take it all. It was a lovely sight as their dark pubic bushes met, Ramon's balls swinging wildly as he fucked her. It wasn't long until he unloaded into her cunt, the volume so copious that most of it spilled out, dripping onto the bed.

The pair vacated the bed and I led the girls to it. We got naked and I mounted Beth missionary style, working her tits as I pounded her. Callie rubbed my balls and ass as I violated her sister.

Without warning, Ramon came up behind Callie and plunged his own rod into her. It caught her by surprise but she loved every inch of his stallion stick. After stretching her pussy, she got on her back beside her sister and I and Ramon plunged back in. The young Latin man and I timed our thrusts, each fucking our own college girl in unison. We even reached our climaxes together, shooting sperm into our girl at the same time.

I rolled onto my back and brought Beth with me, not losing my erection. She rode me well, and I motioned Ramon over. He greased his cock and placed it at the entrance to the young girl's ass. She tried to get away but he was persistent, and finally got his shaft into her.

"Wow, sis!" What would Mom and Dad say about their sweet little girl getting double-fucked?"

"Shut....up...."

Dea was ready for more, and she and Callie got into a girl-girl 69 on the bed next to us. I loved the feel of Ramon's cock rubbing mine inside Beth, and I was sure she wouldn't be able to sit down for a week after taking his pole up the ass.

I pulled out of Beth, telling Ramon to fuck her cunt. He mounted her missionary style and I grabbed the lube. Ramon was about to change his name to Pierre. Lucky Pierre.

As he thrust into Beth, I thrust into him, reaming his ass for all I was worth. He would pull out of her, making my cock sink deeper into him. Dea and Callie cried out in orgasm next to us, bring the rest of us along. I emptied my balls into Ramon's rectum as he shot his sperm into Beth. We all collapsed onto the bed and went to sleep.

When I awoke, the girls were nestled up to me and Ramón and Dea were gone. I suggested a shower and we all piled in, rubbing each other with soap and water to wash away the detritus of sex. We got dressed and I showed them to the door, giving them each a kiss and a pat on the bottom. I told them that if they got bored, to give me a ring.

I went back to my cabin and ordered up some martini's on the balcony with a cigar. The sun was setting and I was thinking about dinner, very hungry from the afternoon's activities. Unbelievably, my cock was stirring.

Tomorrow was another day.