 The feedback from my first submission was very positive. This story is a multi-chapter. Please let me know what you think.

*********

It was our first vacation alone in forever! Sandra and I boarded the cruise liner in Barcelona after the long trip from Florida via London. We were tired but excited. After almost 20 years of vacations with kids in tow we were free to selfishly enjoy ourselves and each other. A glorious fourteen day cruise through southern Europe including Italy and France. We both loved to travel and loved the history and sightseeing that was part of travel here. 

It didn't hurt that into our late forties we were still in love and LUST with each other. We certainly planned to make this trip memorable! If we only knew!

She set sail that evening. We had settled into our two-bedroom luxury suite with no problems. It was huge compared to an average cabin. We had originally planned to travel with friends but when Pete broke his leg skiing he and Angela cancelled. it was too late to invite anyone else and selfishly I didn't mind that much! I figured roommates would interfere with our "playtime".

We spent the first day at sea exploring the ship and enjoying the great restaurants. We went dancing or to the casino then invariably ended the night with hot and satisfying sex.

Sandra would get up early and go to the gym while I slept in and then we'd go get breakfast when she came back. That morning at the breakfast buffet she introduced me to someone she met at the gym. 

"Stephen. This is Sherri she's a gym rat just like me!" 

We laughed and shook hands. Sherri was tanned and gorgeous. She smiled easily and looked relaxed in her light sleeveless blouse and khaki shorts. We asked her to join us for breakfast and we sat down and got to know each other.

She was an educator from Washington. She had Italian roots and was looking forward to seeing some of the "old country". Like us, her travel companion cancelled at the last minute so she was doing this trip solo. We told her of our lives back home. We had a really good time and I couldn't help but think to myself how lucky I was sitting between these two gorgeous ladies. 

We ended up hanging out with Sherri quite a bit. We often dined together and they would gang up on me and drag my lazy ass to the gym on mornings. I grumbled, but it was actually fun. We took tours together when we got into port and since she spoke italian we really got the most out of our sightseeing. We even hit the nightclub. We drank and danced and Sher of course attracted some attention from some of the singles on board but she shot them all down. I would take turns dancing with "my ladies" and we had a blast. I had to admit to myself that I found her very attractive. She would get really close if we danced to a slow number and it was all I could do to keep my arousal from digging a hole in her hip. She would just look at me with those hot eyes and smile. That night when I was making love to Sandra I'd close my eyes and see Sher's face. We definitely had a good night!

The next morning we saw Sher at breakfast and she looked really upset. It turned out that overnight a pipe in her cabin ruptured and soaked everything! She had to change rooms but the ship was full! The only spare berths were tiny crew cabins way below deck. Sandra and I looked at each other and thought the same thing, we did have a spare bedroom...we didn't hesitate, insisting that she move in right away. Sher hesitated, saying that she didn't want to intrude on our 2nd honeymoon. We finally convinced her that it was cool and we arranged for the move. Normal service resumed and we continued to enjoy the cruise together. 

Sandra and I did tone down the sex a bit because of Sher's proximity but things were still very enjoyable. 

One night after dinner and hitting the casino we headed back to our suite. Sher had really been enjoying the free champagne and seemed a little tipsy. When we got inside she actually gave us both a kiss on the cheek and declared she was heading to bed to sleep off the alcohol.

Sandra was in my arms as soon as her door clicked shut. We kissed and I ran my hand urgently over her body. I grabbed her ass and she moaned into my mouth. She grabbed my hand and led me into our bedroom as we shed our clothes. We fell naked onto the bed and my mouth was all over her, biting her neck licking her nipples. She groaned and started urging my mouth lower. 

"Go down on me honey, please lick me." 

I never needed to be asked that twice and I proceeded to bring her to two orgasms with my fingers and tongue. She stood me up as she sat on the edge of the bed and started to stroke my hard cock. She then brought the head to her lips and licked me before locking her lips around it. I moaned as I started pushing in and out of her mouth. She grabbed my hips and pulled me deeper. 

"Oh yes baby, suck my cock. Your mouth feels so good!" I gasped.

Immersed as I was in my own pleasure I became aware of a movement in the periphery of my vision. I turned my head and saw Sher standing in our door (which I forgot to close in my haste!) She was wearing only a lacy bra and panties. Her eyes burned with need as she watched us. She braced herself against the doorway with her left hand while her right was slipped into the waistband of her panties while she stroked her pussy. Her eyes closed and she shuddered with pleasure as Sandra too became aware of her presence.

"What the hell Sher!" I uttered as I slipped from my wife's mouth. 

Sher looked at us, her eyes wild. The words tumbled out of her mouth," Oh my god guys! Please forgive me. I woke up and went to get some water and I heard the noises coming from your room. I didn't mean to spy on you but...watching you was SOOO fucking hot! I'll understand if you want me to move out..."

I looked at her quietly for a few seconds. Her cheeks were wet with her tears and I was also acutely aware of a patch of moisture at the crotch of her panties and a patina of shiny fluid coating her inner thighs. I also noted that despite the interruption I still had a raging hard-on! 

Sandra had been silent. I glanced back at her and almost laughed! A string of saliva still ran from her lips to the head of my cock, bearing witness to her aborted oral attentions. She was looking at Sher intently and had no doubt also noticed how clearly aroused/upset she was. She looked back at me and a smile flickered across her face as she noted my persistent erection. 

Now, let me digress to say that while we had a healthy sex life and enjoyed our lovemaking, we would never have been mistaken for sexual adventurers! Kink was not a part of our sex lives. I was a horny male and had an active imagination and an abiding interest in porn, mostly conventional, but some of it on the edge or beyond, but I had never sought to translate any of this to our bed. We would joke about threesomes on occasion (it seemed to be the topic of any sitcom these days!) always fighting about the possible configuration MFF, clearly my preference or MFM, Sandra's fantasy! We always knew that it would never happen since we knew no one that we could feel so comfortable sharing such intimacy and neither one of us had interest in involving some perfect stranger! As I said it would never happen...

Sandra looked at me searchingly. I saw the excitement in her eyes and my cock had already voted! 

Sher was turning to return to her room when I spoke,"Sher sweetheart, come over here," I held out my hand. She turned hesitantly not really believing her eyes or ears. Sandra stood up and put her hand around my waist and she also held out her hand with a beautiful smile on her face. Sherrie moved haltingly toward us, a smile slowly lighting up her features. 

She held our hands in hers, "I hope you guys don't get the impression that I'm in the habit of doing this kind of thing! I've never..." I shushed her by pulling her against my body and kissing her damp cheek and then her lips. She gasped then moaned as I deepened the kiss. Sandra's hand found her back and rubbed reassuringly as she lightly kissed her cheek and neck.

I paused," We've never done anything like this either" I whispered earnestly. Then I kissed her again and felt her relax. My hand drifted to her back and I found my fingers brushing Sandra's as we both caressed her pantied ass. Sher started moaning and trembling. I moved behind her and slipped my thumbs into the waistband of her panties and slowly trailed kisses down her back as I lowered them. Sandra moved in front of her and kissed her on the lips. They both moaned. Sandra unhooked her bra and released her breasts. I was on my knees behind her kissing her lower back and the enticing curves of her buttocks. Sandra was tweaking one nipple while sucking softly on the other. Sher's left hand pulled Sandra's mouth closer while her right reached around to touch my face. 

She moaned and mewled as the double assault and sensory overload was overwhelming her. Her knees buckled and she fell forward, pushing Sandra onto the bed on her back with Sher atop her. They began kissing again while I kneeled at the edge of the bed getting a hell of a view! Sher kneeled astride Sandra's hips. Both their thighs were parted so I got my first view of Sher's slick pussy. Sandra's pussy was just as wet below. Talk about a buffet! I stuck my tongue out and ran it along Sher's slit savoring the sweet tangy taste. Her moan was muffled since Sandra was sucking on her tongue! I sank two fingers into Sandra's quim and stroked her clit with my thumb as I ate Sher. Both women started moaning and squirming, their hips moving against my mouth and hand. 

Sher came first, "Ohhhhh my gooddddddddd!" She screamed as she shuddered to her climax. 

Sandra was not far behind as her legs flailed, "Yes. Yes, I'm coming!" 

They fell into each other's arms on the king bed. I stood up and admired the view. Two smoking hot women in my bed and the night was just beginning!

They kissed again and then looked at me standing at the end of the bed. Sherrie locked her eyes on my erect cock and licked her lips. She got on her hands and knees and and moved sensually toward me. She looked like some wild cat, stalking me. 

She grasped my shaft and looked up at me," Your cock is so gorgeous Stephen. I have to taste it!" She opened her lips and swallowed me whole. I gasped as I hit the back of her throat. I started fucking her mouth as Sandra moved to stand behind me. She reached between my legs from behind cupping and fondling my balls as Sher kept sucking and licking my dick. It was my turn to moan uncontrollably as I was double teamed. Sandra moved her hand back, her finger teasing my anus. I slammed forward into Sher's mouth almost making her gag. 

Sher was now licking my balls as Sandra knelt behind me and started running he tongue up and down my ass crack. I was going wild. 

Sher stopped sucking me and stroked me with her hand while she watched my reaction to Sandra's tonguing of my ass. 

"I really need this inside me now! " Sher moaned. Suddenly they were beside me kissing me and each other. Next thing I knew I was lying on my back on the bed, my cock sticking up like a tent pole. Sherrie kneeled astride my hips, once again stroking my cock. Then she moved over me and slowly lowered herself onto my shaft. "Oh shit!" She yelled as she filled herself. 

Not to be left out, Sandra knelt astride my head, facing Sher and sank her sopping pussy down onto my eager mouth and nimble tongue. They started playing with each other as they rode me, their fuck toy. They kissed and teased each other's nipples. Sher rode my cock like a woman possessed. Sandra was grinding her pelvis onto my mouth. They both came again and again. My face and balls were a sticky mess, and I loved it! 

Sher flipped around and slid back onto my cock and began riding me reverse cowgirl style. 

Sandra shifted herself south a bit and reached back and pulled her cheeks apart, "Come on husband, stick that tongue of yours in my hole. Eat my ass baby!" 

She hadn't finished before my tongue was sliding around her slick rim. I heard her moan as I insinuated the tip inside her hole and tongue-fucked her ass.

We were all sweating and moaning although my moans were muffled since my mouth was full of ass! The orgy of grinding and sucking continued on and on. Sandra came again from me licking her ass and fell off of me exhausted. Sher had lost count of her orgasms and was bathed in sweat. She dismounted and I stood in the center of the bed they both got on their knees and took turns sucking my cock. While one swallowed my shaft the other would lick my balls. I couldn't take much more of this! Then Sherrie slipped her finger in my ass and I exploded! My first shot hit Sandra in the mouth, the next got Sher across the face as I groaned. I emptied my balls on their faces and chest until I was spent and then I watched as they kissed each other and eagerly licked the cum off one another's bodies.

I collapsed onto the bed exhausted, flanked by my two lovers. We fell asleep in each other's arms, contented. The hum of the ship's engines lulling us to sleep. 

Hmmm...and this is just day five of the cruise!

More to come..?