 "Oh my, that's a big ship," I said as the cruise ship first came into view. The ship had three levels of rooms rising above its main deck. The boat could carry 600 passengers and about half again that number in crewmembers. My girlfriend, Wonda, and I were in Miami preparing to board a cruise ship that would take us on a four day Caribbean cruise to no where. We were anxiously looking forward to warm sunshine, frequent screwing and a never ending parade of rum swizzlers as we sailed around the Caribbean without making any port calls.

Wonda had won the trip at work. We work at a telemarketing company dialing away our evenings to present essential necessities to the public, like long distance calling cards or help fixing bad credit histories. Due to our office's persistent problem with absenteeism, the boss holds a drawing every three months for all the employees who have had perfect attendance for the quarter. Wonda had won the grand prize, a cruise for two to no where. I hadn't been eligible for the drawing because I had taken a couple of unnecessary sick days. 

For Wonda and me, our relationship is totally a matter of convenience. We are both putting ourselves through school. With so much of our time taking up by studying, classes and work, we wouldn't have a social life at all if it weren't with each other. Believe me, we've tried. This is a temporary arrangement that suits us well at this stage of our lives. We are not soul mates deeply in love; we are just people looking for pleasant company and periodic sex.

Our ship, the Vera Cuiz, was built in the 1950's. It is not one of those fancy, top of the line cruise ships you see on television. It is the low cost alternative, but it does fulfill its promise of a casino, a pool, three meals a day and a rail side view of the Caribbean. We were responsible for getting down to Miami and for any alcoholic beverages and gambling. Our package was not first class, but what would expect from a company whose main focus is to bother people at night as they are enjoying their families and their time off? 

I had never been on a cruise before or even on the ocean for that matter. Wonda initially had been concerned about the trip because she has a tendency to get seasick. However, the trip matched up well with our school schedules and I convinced her that a large cruise ship would be a much smoother ride than her dad's 18-foot sailboat, so here we were.

Once we checked into our cabin, Wonda announced, "Have you every seen such a small room? I'm telling you right now we will be spending most of our time elsewhere."

The room was small. The bed was only slightly larger than a single. The door to the cabin barely cleared the bed. Only one person at a time could fit into the bathroom. I'm not a big guy, but I could put a foot in the shower while I was taking a crap on the toilet. 

The first afternoon we were on board it was cloudy, so we decided to skip the pool and explore the boat. We checked out the common areas. They had a ballroom, lounge, shuffle board and volleyball courts, exercise facilities and a card room. That took about an hour. I suggested that we hit the bar or go to our room for sex. Wonda said, "A pop or a pop, you say. I'll let you pop my cherry."

I was tempted to say that her cherry was long gone, but that was too easy. The two of us squeezed into our room. We almost had to take turns getting undressed. Wonda is an attractive woman. I wouldn't go so far as to say beautiful or even cute. At 5' 9" and weighing 141 pounds she is almost as big as I am which makes cuddling hard to do. Her most outstanding feature is her hooked nose, which is responsible for her childhood nickname of "Hawk". Unfortunately, the only place where she is well endowed is her broad hips and her good sense of humor. She is small breasted with thin shoulders. As I've said before she isn't my type, but availability can cover up an awful lot of flaws.

I'm not Wonda's dream either. Her preference runs to tall, rugged blonds. I have brown hair, wear glasses and am two inches shy of six feet. My near poverty existence has me tipping the scale at 152 pounds. I don't hit any of Wonda's hot buttons. It is no ego booster when you have to say your current girlfriend admires you for your similar school and work schedule. 

Wonda laid naked on our bed. I knelt on the floor where I could move about easily and have access to all of the good stuff. While we kissed my hand wondered over her body. My mouth slid down to her neck and then to her perky breasts. It's really great that there are two of them: one to suck on and one to grope. After a few minutes I slid down further to her pussy. Normally, she has a heavy, brown mat of hair covering her sex, but as a concession to the ship's pool, she had trimmed herself. I dove in. My mouth licked and sucked on her clit while my thumb explored her vagina. She likes me to move my thumb in a circular motion while I lick up and down her sweet slit paying particular attention to her clit. 

It didn't take her long to be wet and ready. I sat on the corner of the bed and had her mount me sitting up. I appreciated the access to her mouth and tits and she liked being able to grind her pussy into my pubic bone. After a few minutes of rocking and rolling, I bit her on the neck causing her to climax. Her final enthusiastic hip thrusts brought me to my release. Together, we fell back on the bed to savor the moment and went to sleep.

That night we had a late dinner and afterwards decided to head to the casino. We each had our budgeted fifty bucks to gamble with. She was attractively attired in a braless halter-top dress and I had on clean chino pants and a shirt that needed to be pressed. She likes to play blackjack while I favor roulette. I followed her to the blackjack table and stood beside her as she gambled. She had a nice run or two, but in the end quit with only $5 left. 

By now the casino was packed. As we waded through the crowd to get to the roulette wheel I said, "Do I need new glasses or are half the people here really teenagers?"

"You right. I think I have shoes older than some of these kids."

We arrived at the roulette wheel and I began making my bets. Looking around me I would have guessed that this was a frat party, not a cruise ship. Young people drinking alcohol and gambling surrounded us. I asked the young guy next to me, "Where are you from?"

"Charleston."

"Wonda asked, "Are you part of this crowd?" She gestured to the young people near us.

"Why sure. We all just graduated from High School and this is kind of a senior trip."

"Pardon me for asking, I'm sure most of you are under 21, how is it that everyone is drinking and gambling?"

"That's the beauty of a cruise ship, once it gets into international waters the rules and laws of the United States don't applied. This ship makes the rules. They will let everyone over eighteen drink and gamble. We are all over eighteen. My birthday was just last week."

Wonda said, "I had no idea."

The kid started laughing and said, "Neither do our parents. They are all happy that we aren't driving to Florida or Mexico. They figured how can we get in trouble on a cruise to no where."

Wonda and I gambled a little longer. The color red was very kind to me, but I ended up losing it all on the numbers. It was crowded and hot in the casino so we decided to take a walk out on deck. As we strolled the deck a flash of white off in the distance caught my eye and we walked towards it arm in arm.

When we got closer, the white object took form and I recognized it to be a naked guy's untanned butt. His girlfriend was also buck-naked. She was bent over at the waist, holding onto the railing with her back to him. Their clothes were in a pile beside them. He was vigorously fucking her from behind. 

A giggling Wonda said, "Our activities brochure neglected to mention this show."

"Sshh, don't ruin the magic for them. Let's step over there in the shadow and watch."

Wonda and I scooted over into a doorway about 15 yards from the amorous couple. The guy was pounded his prick into her. We could hear her rapid breathing and see her tits bounce in response to every thrust. After a few minutes, our Romeo said, "Baby, I'm cumming." He pulled out of her and blasted her backside with sperm. He staggered a bit and sat down hard on his ass. She started laughing and fell down on top on him. They hugged and rolled on the deck giggling.

Wonda pulled me away and said, "Wow. That was intense." 

"Sex and alcohol can be a fun combination. Let's head back to our cabin. I've got a feeling that you may be getting lucky tonight." 

"No," Wonda said, "I want it like they did it."

"Are you crazy! There are almost a thousand people on this boat. Drunk kids fooling around might be forgiven, you and I would probably be arrested."

"There are no cops out here in the Atlantic Ocean," Wonda said. She then sank to her knees and unzipped me. In a second she had my dick in her mouth and was giving me a "sea breeze" blowjob. I looked around and saw no one. I pulled her head to me forcing my engorged dick down her hungry throat. As she sucked me to a full erection she reached behind her neck and with one hand unfastened her halter-top. The top of her dress fell forward revealing her tiny tits. I pawed at them and pulled on her nipples.

A groaning Wonda released my dick and stood up. Without a word she pulled down her dress and underwear and assumed her position of choice. She bent over and grabbed the railing while facing the ocean. I dropped my trousers and entered her forcefully. She was ready for me. Her wet cunt took me in completely. I started banging away at her as we had seen the other couple do. Wonda met me stroke for stroke. She dropped one hand to her sex and began rubbing her clit. The moon was out, the stars were shining bright and I was pumping my meat into Wonda on the third level deck. She moaned and stroked herself without inhibition and cried out, "Fuck me. Fuck me harder!"

I did my best and she soon collapsed onto the deck due to an intense orgasm. I grabbed her around the waist, lifted her back up and rammed into her a few more times until I filled her pussy with my load. Exhausted, we both slumped down to our knees. 

A minute passed. I thought I heard voices, female voices. As I turned my head I did hear people scurrying away. "Darling, we've got to go," I said. "We may have been spotted."

A groggy Wonda murmured, "Okay." We struggled to our feet, pulled our clothes on and headed to our cabin. We tumbled into bed and slept until noon the next day.

We awakened to a sunny day. We had a filling lunch and headed to the pool to bask in the sun and to let our meals digest. The pool area was a treat for the eyes. The hard bodies were out. There were young buff men and women everywhere you looked. The unchaperoned high school graduates were there: some active, some suffering from hangovers. I enjoyed the girls in thongs. Wonda knowing where I was looking teasingly whispering, "Jail bait," and then pointed out some of the hunkier guys.

We spent a pleasant afternoon, swimming and observing, at the pool. The high light for Wonda occurred when I went to the bathroom. She turned to a group of the students sitting near us that we had been chatting with and she asked the blond haired stud, "Would you please rub some lotion on my back?"

"Ah, is that guy your husband?"

Wonda held up her naked left hand and said, "No, see I'm not married. He isn't even my boyfriend. We work at the same place and hang out together. My name is Wonda."

"Oh, okay. I'm Darryl," he responded as he took the bottle of sunscreen she held out. He began applying the lotion. Wonda unhooked her top to allow him complete access to her back and only dropped it twice exposing herself. The blushing kid finished his task with a smile. Wonda was smiling too.

As we were heading back to our room, Darryl, the blond lotion applier, said, "Our class has rented a suite on the Pro deck, room 4A for a party tonight. If you guys aren't doing anything, why don't you stop by."

"Thanks," Wonda said with a wink, "maybe we will."

Again, we had the late sitting for dinner and headed to the casino with our $50.00. Wonda had better luck this time and even managed to quit while she was still $80 ahead. I had a nice time at the roulette table and after an hour was plus 25 dollars. We decided to call it a night and head to our room after a stroll under the stars.

Wonda said, "Hey, let's check out the party."

"You mean check out Blondie, don't you?"

"I know better than to flatter myself and say that you're jealous. We each take what we want whenever we can get it. And yea, I like the looks of Darryl. You can't tell me you didn't see a couple of teenage hard bodies that appealed to you?"

"You're right. I know they're all legal, but we're what, 8 years older than they are?

"Are you developing scruples? You've seen them drinking and gambling, don't worry, there aren't any innocent ones in this crowd. Weren't you fucking around by 18?"

"Yes and if I had the chance to shag a sexy older woman of twenty-six like you, I would have taken it."

We made our way to their room. The noise and music made it impossible not to locate the party. There were about 25-30 people in the room. Darryl spotted us and said, "Hey, glad you dudes could make it. We have a couple of kegs over there." He pointed to a corner of the room. "Or join in the fun and games," he said as he pointed to the other side of the room. 

Darryl went to check on the music. They had a stereo system set up and some people were dancing on a small checkerboard dance floor. Others were sitting around talking or drinking. We went to the keg and got a beer and then went over to the game side of the room.

A group of about a dozen kids had pulled some chairs in a circle. "Look," Wonda said, "they're playing spin the bottle. Does that bring back pleasant memories?"

"I played once or twice when I was growing up. However, I don't remember it being like this."

The kids were in various states of undressed. We watched as a topless blonde with a nice rack spun the bottle. It pointed at a blond guy with a wrestler's build who wasn't wearing a shirt. He stood up and took his pants off to the cheering of the other players. The players now started chanting "Go Denise. Go Denise." Denise walked over French kissed the guy while reaching into his boxers and groped his dick. The crowd cheered madly.

"Wow," Wonda exclaimed, "this is a different game."

One of the girls nearby overheard us and said, "Hi, I'm Mindy. If you want to join in, here are our rules. Whoever the bottle points to has to take something off. The spinner gets to kiss any body part that is visible. If it points to someone of the same sex, like I guy spins and it points at another guy, the spinner either kisses them anyway or takes some of his clothes off. Denise threw in the penis grope for the fun of it. Do you want to play?"

I looked at Wonda eagerly and she said, "Yes, count us in. I'm Wonda and this is Greg."

I asked, "Does it matter that the game has all ready started?"

Mindy said, "No. Most of them are too drunk to care. It will only cost you your shoes." Mindy put two fingers to her lips and whistled loudly. The group look over at her and she said, "Guys, I've got new meat for you. This is Greg and Wonda."

The crowd said hello and a couple shouted out their names. Somebody pulled up a couple of chairs for us. They handed Wonda the bottle and told her to go next. She smiled and spun. It pointed to the same guy Denise had gotten. He stood up and took his boxers off. Since he was naked, the girls egged Wonda to go for his dick. She blushed and walked over and French kissed him and then groped his semi-hard dick like Denise had done. The crowd clapped.

The bottle passed to me, I spun it and it pointed at another guy. He took his pants off and I took off my shirt. I handed the bottle to a cute nude brunette next to me with spiky hair. She had no cleavage. Her breasts were flat to her chest marked only by little pink button sized nipples As she placed the bottle on the floor she mooned me. Her top may have been undeveloped, but her bottom was adorable. I got hard from the close up view of her trim ass and well-trimmed pussy. The bottle pointed to a nude guy. She crawled over on her hands and knees and took his dick in her mouth. The crowd roared as she gave him sixty seconds of head.

The next spin of the bottle pointed to Wonda. She was braless under her top, but took it off anyway. Her little tits bristled with hard, pointy nipples. The guy came over and acted as if he was going to kiss her and then dropped to her chest and sucked on both tits. Wonda laughed along with everyone else.

A topless chunky bleach blonde spun the bottle and it pointed to me. Off came my pants and I got a sloppy kiss and she rubbed her fat tits against me.

The guy that got the blowjob spun the bottle and it pointed to Denise. She took off her bikini bottom and stood before us naked. The guy had her lie down on the floor and he started lapping her pussy. The group cheered him on. After a minute he dragged his hard-on back to his chair and a dazed Denise sat down and fanned herself.

Mindy spun next and it pointed to Wonda. Mindy lost her bikini top revealing a nice pair and Wonda took off her skirt. Wonda hadn't worn any underwear to dinner so she was now naked. The nude blond wrestler spun next and it pointed to Wonda. She stood naked awaiting his choice. He came over with a firm erection leading the way and looked her over carefully. He reached out and took her hand and gallantly kissed it. The other girls hooted over his behavior.

It was Denise's turn again. Her spin pointed to me. I lost the last of my clothes. She took my dick in her mouth and pleasured me. 

Wonda had the next spin. It pointed to her gallant friend. He stood naked and hard awaiting her decision. This guy was her type. She looked him over hard like a USDA meat inspector. She graded him prime and passionately kissed him on the lips.

My spin was next and it pointed to my neighbor, "Buttons." She all ready was nude so she sat there squirming as I picked my pleasure. I had seen her best side and I wanted to see it again. I had her get down on her hands and knees. I went around to her upturned ass and lick her from cunt to crack. I tongued her asshole and her pussy. She obviously enjoyed it as she pushed her backside into me to deepen the experience. Our group clapped and whistled enthusiastically in response to our performance. 

The game broke up as players paired off or went to get more beer. Buttons stayed with me and asked, "Can we play one more game."

"What would that be?"

"Twister."

"I up for it," I said not intentionally trying to make a reference to my erection. 

She must have taken it that way as she grabbed my dick and said, "I see that you are. We need another couple." She turned to Wonda and said, "Will you join us? I bet Carl (indicating the gallant blonde wrestler) would be your partner."

Carl over hearing the planning said to Wonda, "I would be glad to be your partner."

"Great," Wonda responded. "Are there any special rules that we should know about?"

"Well," Buttons said, "you know, you do what the spinner says. We play it naked and as a team. On one spin the boys follow the instruction and on the next one the girls move. You and Carl would compete again Gary and me. You try to earn points. You know that system where first base is kissing and second base is feeling a girl's boobs?

Wonda answered, "Sure. And a homerun is intercourse."

"Right," Buttons continued, "for us third base is oral sex. Every base is worth a point so first base is one point, second base is worth two and so on." 
