 DAY 1 

The Pacific Wanderer slid under the Sydney Harbour Bridge on her way to a short cruise to the South Pacific Islands.

With the band pumping out some hot music, most passengers were on the main deck farewelling the Australian harbour city. Amongst the crowd, enjoying a refreshing drink, were Bob and Rachel.

Married for forty years and lovers for longer, they were both in their early sixties, still fit, though modern living had added a little weight to their bodies. Bob mainly around the belly and Rachel around the arse and breasts. Even so they remained attractive people and had enjoyed a full and diverse world of sexuality in an unusually open marriage where both had enjoyed not only each other but a number of shared and single trysts over the years.

After retiring they had found the time to take up cruising and were now elite passengers on their favourite cruise line. This now enabled them to secure private suites for their travels though they still enjoyed the stimulation of meeting with other passengers from around the world. While they often enjoyed dining in the main dining rooms and mingling in the bars they also appreciated the ability to escape to their own private world on some occasions.

They had also found from their first cruise that there were always a number of people on board who were more than interested in trying some different sexual experiences before disappearing back into anonymity after the cruise. As this had occurred on every cruise they both found a certain sexual tension developing as they left port which had them surveying the crowd for possible liaisons in the coming week.

Generally it was singles and couples from their early forties up who were looking for that something different, although they had had some interesting sessions with a very mature nineteen year old girl on one cruise. Most of those on this cruise seemed to be young couples on honeymoon or families with young children and only a sprinkling of older passengers.

As the ship entered open seas Rachel turned to Bob and said, "Well, it looks like it might be a lean cruise. I haven't seen anybody that takes my fancy as yet. Maybe I will just have to fuck you this trip or our juicy butler, Enrico, who is always ready to help."

Bob laughed and responded with, "There might be a couple of interesting couples but you could be right. Still, the butler might be interesting. Perhaps we should go back to our suite and prepare for dinner. Maybe there will be some fascinating people at the dinner table."

Rachel nodded in agreement and they retired to their suite to prepare for dinner. 

While Bob was showering, Rachel surveyed her naked body in the full length mirror as she towelled off. She was happy with the golden skin gained from judicious nude sunbathing over the last year and ran her hands beneath her large breasts as if presenting them to a lover to suckle and nibble. The large, dark nipples responded to this thought and jutted out from the brown aureole which surrounded them. She lightly pinched each as they expanded even further and revelled in the thought that most males, and many females, could not resist the temptation to take them in their mouths during love making.

Her eyes and hands continued their journey over her slightly protruding belly down to her hairless and distinctive pussy. She originally shaved her pussy due to the copious growth of her pubic hair which kept getting in the way during extensive love making sessions. After a short time though she realised that her pussy lips curved slightly up her abdomen and were highly visible when she walked which worked in her favour in the game of seduction. Most men could not keep their eyes off her and many women were curious in comparing their own bodies to hers. The dark brown, extended lips of her vagina only made her more alluring.

As Bob came out of the shower she turned to survey her backside and legs. Her arse was a little too large for her liking, but it went with the age and her lovers and husband had never complained. Her legs were smooth and free of dimpling which made her appear much younger in a swimsuit or short skirt.

Bob noticed her and said, "What a vision. I think I could take you right there if we didn't have a dinner booking."

Rachel smiled, turned toward him and spread her legs slightly. While considering a reply she ran her eye over his weight trained chest, frowned at his softening and expanding belly and licked her lips over his flaccid five inch cock which would rise to ten inches when encouraged.

She walked to him and gave him a long passionate kiss with one hand squeezing his shaft. She then turned away, pleased that he had grown harder in her hand, and headed for the wardrobe. As she searched for an outfit she said, "I would like that but I think we agreed to behave for the first two nights so we could give any potential lovers our very best. Now get yourself dressed because I am famished."

After putting on a g-string she decided on a medium length skirt and satin blouse with no bra underneath, knowing the material would encourage her nipples to rise as she moved. Bob dressed in casual shirt and trousers and escorted her to the dining room.

The head waiter guided them to a table for eight where an elderly couple were already seated. Just after they had made introductions a couple with two children were shown to their table. While dinner was pleasant there was little prospect of any assignations occurring with any of these diners. After dinner Bob and Rachel excused themselves and retired to their suite.

As they were disrobing Bob commented, "Well, I think we have lucked out with our dinner companions. Did you notice the old bloke dropping off to sleep between courses?"

Rachel remarked, "Yes, and did you notice how Freddie couldn't keep his eyes off my chest much to his wife's chagrin. He won't be getting anything tonight either. Perhaps prospects might improve tomorrow around the pool area."

With that they turned off the light and retired to bed naked as usual. They lay spooned together with Bob fondling Rachel's soft breasts and his half erect cock nestled along her arse crack.

DAY 2

Rising around 7.30 Bob and Rachel spent an hour at the gym before showering and taking breakfast. They were both disappointed there were no other passengers attending the gym and the sexual tension was palpable between them.

As they finished breakfast Bob said, "I think I will take myself to the pool and have a cold swim so I am not walking around with a hard on all day."

Rachel smiled at the thought and replied, "I have a line dance class at 9.30 and I will meet you at the pool after it, around 10.45."

Each went their separate ways and Bob found a free deck chair to put his things on before stripping down to his costume and plunging into the cool water. After doing ten lengths of the pool he stepped out, towelled himself off and sat down to survey the situation.

He noticed Freddie and Debbie from last night across the other side of the pool lying on deck chairs in the morning sun. They hadn't noticed him sitting in the shade and he preferred it that way. Debbie was lying on her back in a brief floral bikini and Freddie wore board shorts. Bob studied Debbie, noting her small breasts seemed rather firm as was her stomach. She was probably in her early thirties and seemed reasonably fit and slim for a mother of two prepubescent children. Unfortunately her husband seemed to be heading the other way physically and would be too much baggage with his not so subtle and juvenile leering last night.

A further scan of the pool area revealed a number of mid teen girls keen to show their developing bodies in various sized bikinis, a similar number of same aged youths enjoying the view and little else.

Bob commenced reading his book and next thing he felt soft fingers running down his bare chest and belly towards the top of his costumes. He awoke to see Rachel with a smile on her face, enjoying the reaction her teasing fingers were causing in those costumes.

He rolled over onto his stomach, hiding the obvious lump and said, "You are a very naughty girl. I may have to spank you at some time in the near future."

Rachel gave a throaty laugh and responded with, "You should be careful going to sleep on a pool deck with your legs wide open. You could get all sorts of offers, although I gather you didn't."

Bob just shook his head and rolled back over now that his erection had subsided. He surmised he had been asleep for almost an hour and on looking around saw that the pool area had become much busier. Thankfully he noticed that Freddie and Debbie had disappeared as had most of the teenagers.

"No." he said. "Not much prospect at all unless you want to train an underage teenybopper or one of their one track admirers."

Rachel gave that comment the contempt it deserved and proceeded to strip down to her small white bikini which still looked good on her. As she began to walk to the pool she told Bob, "Just keep an eye out for any interest."

Reluctantly he took his eyes off her well rounded arse and full figure and surveyed the area. He noticed that most of those in the area appeared to be mainly honeymooners or recently married and took no interest in a sixty plus female taking a swim. He did notice one middle aged man whose eyes followed her to the pool and made a mental note to check him again when she got out.

After a few laps of the pool Rachel pulled herself up the pool ladder now clad in an almost transparent bikini which emphasised her large nipples and almost revealed her bare pussy. This spectacle received some attention from a number of males including the one Bob had previously observed. The younger men were quickly subjugated by their partners but the other man's eyes followed her all the way to her pool chair.

Bob indicated one with his finger and Rachel lay back in the chair with her legs slightly open as she adjusted the width of the material on her string bra until it was only just covering her nipples and revealed much of the swollen breasts the bra tried to contain. Bob watched as the man subtly adjusted his shorts and thought this would be a good opportunity to go and have a chat.

Just as Bob swung his legs over his deck chair two teenagers and an attractive redhead arrived and fully diverted the man's attention away. Bob sat back disappointed as couples with children were not usually the most reliable participants.

Now dry, Rachel dressed and they went to the dining room for lunch.

After lunch Bob suggested, "Why don't we return to our suite for a bit of afternoon delight? My cock is really getting difficult to contain."

Rachel smiled as she checked out his shorts and replied, "It's not too obvious and I think we should honour our two day rule. It's always worked before. Why don't we go to the spa for a long massage? The girls there have all seen your cock in various stages of excitement and know just how to relax you, especially Conchita. If nothing comes up by lunch tomorrow we will invite her and our butler, Enrico for a bit of extra service."

Bob reluctantly agreed and they grabbed their evening wear from the suite before going to the spa, knowing they would spend the rest of the day there before showering and changing for dinner.

Arriving at dinner fully refreshed they were disappointed to have the same diners present and after leaving early to attend the show they declared they would spend the rest of their cruise in the private dining room.

After the show they retired to their suite, a little despondent at not having any luck in their procurement efforts but also buoyed by the thought that their first port of call was tomorrow. It was a small island with a coral lagoon which always produced some spectacular snorkelling. 

After stripping down for bed Bob grabbed Rachel and gave her a passionate kiss as they stood next to the bed. She could feel his swollen cock growing harder against her belly as their tongues played chase and one of his hands massaged her soft breast. She gently fondled his balls and lightly stroked his firm shaft before pulling away and saying, "Honey, I would love to fuck with you all night, but now it is a matter of principal that we hold off until tomorrow. I will make a deal with you. I will let you into my pussy tonight but you have to promise not to come until after we come back from the lagoon at lunch time. I will then be your love slave all afternoon for your total pleasure."

Bob considered this offer while giving a nipple a tongue bath as he massaged her wet pussy.

Reluctantly he pulled away and said, "I accept your offer but you better get the lube out tomorrow because my balls are aching for release."

With that they lay under the sheets, spoon fashion. She looped one leg over his and he slowly slid halfway into her from behind. Both sighed with the sensation. It took all his effort to not take advantage and release his tension, but knew that any breaking of the deal would result in a very dismal remaining cruise. So Bob fondled one breast and thought about what he could get Rachel to do tomorrow as he drifted off to sleep.

DAY 3

Bob and Rachel stirred as the anchor chains heralded their arrival at the island.

Bob was pleasantly surprised to find that they were still coupled and began to slowly slide his shaft between Rachel's wet pussy lips. Rachel rolled over causing his cock to pop out with a discernable sound like a cork out of a champagne bottle.

Bob complained, "But it is tomorrow and I am really suffering!"

Rachel rolled back so that her breasts pushed into his chest and her lower body trapped his cock against his stomach. She pouted and kissed him on the tip of his nose before replying, "My poor darling. I did say lunch time and that we would go for a snorkel in that beautiful lagoon outside this morning. Then you can ravish me any way you want."

With that she left the bed to shower and Bob looked out the balcony accepting his fate but secretly swore that she would have no rest for the remainder of the day.

*******************************************************************************

Bob and Rachel ran into the warm Fijian water, adjusted their snorkels and immersed themselves to view the fish and coral of this idyllic wonderland.

After thirty minutes Bob had seen enough and decided to return to the sandy beach. He tapped Rachel on the backside and indicated he was retiring which she acknowledged with thumbs up before returning to the colourful underwater world.

As Bob exited the warm water he noticed a figure sitting on the beach almost on top of their towels and bags. As he walked up the beach his practiced eye studied the figure dressed in a black one piece swimsuit with blonde short cropped hair. He surmised she was in her early fifties and noticed a rounded full bosom beneath the swimsuit and long slightly tanned athletic legs which were probably her best feature.

As he got closer she lay back on her towel to take in some sun and placed a small hat over her face. Bob slowed and methodically took in this vision before him which had somehow turned him on slightly. He noticed his towel had become mixed up with hers and was partially covered by her reclining body.

As he came up next to her he said, "Hello. You seem to be lying over my towel"

She jumped up to a sitting position, obviously startled and looked up to see Bob's smiling face. She uttered apologies, very embarrassed and made to move further down the beach.

Bob said, "Don't move. I can pull it out and I apologise for startling you."

As he shook the sand off the towel and began spreading it out next to her he said, "I'm Bob. I guess I'm a fellow passenger on the cruise ship, unless you are a local."

Having recovered from her initial shock her face lit up with a smile while her eyes studied his still damp body, flicking to his groin and back to his eyes. 

"Unfortunately, I'm not a local and I'm pleased to meet you Bob. My name is Jessica and I guess I'm a fellow passenger"

As Bob laid his towel next to Jessica she placed her hat back on and leant back on her elbows, providing him with a full view of her well proportioned body and the slight swell of milky breasts at the top of her swimsuit.

With a smile now in her voice she asked, "Have you been snorkelling with your partner or a group?"

Bob replied, "With my wife Rachel. She gets more enjoyment out of it than I do. Are you cruising with someone?"

Jessica looked at him with an ironic grin and said, "No. I am travelling alone this trip. My husband had a stroke a few years back and is in permanent care. Normally I travel with a girlfriend but she has just gotten herself mixed up with a man at the moment so I am alone and fancy free."

Bob contemplated how fancy free as Rachel came up the beach with a sightly quizzical look on her face.

Bob made the introductions as Rachel towelled herself off then suggested that if they had had enough of the island they could return to the ship, get showered and have a drink before dinner. Both Rachel and Jessica thought this a great idea and they returned to the ship promising to meet at the halfway bar in an hour.

*******************************************************************************

Bob and Rachel returned to their room and stripped down for their shower. As Rachel headed for first shower she noticed Bob's half erect cock and said, "It looks like your new friend has made an impression on you. Do you want to join me and relieve some of the tension?"

Bob laughed and replied, "This lady sure appeals to me and I hope she is in for some fun. You know I love it when we shower together but I think I will stay this way and see what develops"

As Bob showered Rachel applied her makeup before dressing and he noticed she seemed to be distracted by his semi erection, which meant she was also charged up by Jessica. As he towelled off he leant over and gently kissed each nipple on her full breasts and noticed her shaved pussy was damp in expectation of an exciting evening.

Bob dressed in casual shirt, jacket and trousers that showed a vague outline of his shaft. Rachel wore a red silk dress with only a very small thong which only just covered her pussy. Her braless tits filled the shaped top and her erect nipples pushed out the fabric. A thigh length split up one side complemented her attractive legs and expressed her availability for a good time.

They arrived and took seats at the bar a little earlier than planned. As Bob ordered drinks Jessica walked in dressed in a long black gown with a very low top that accentuated her milky breasts which were barely contained by a low cut push up bra. Bob watched in obvious appreciation, as did a number of other patrons, and expected a nipple to escape at any time with the flow of the soft flesh.

Disappointingly this did not occur and Jessica sat next to Rachel beaming a welcoming smile to both. 

Bob remarked, "You look very attractive tonight. Can I order you a drink?"

Jessica replied, "A martini would be nice, thank you."

As Bob ordered Rachel asked Jessica, "What are you doing for dinner tonight?"

Jessica replied, "I have been placed on a table with six others who are all friends. While they are friendly enough I do feel a bit like an intruder."

Bob turned to Jessica and said, "Rachel and I would love to have you at our table for the rest of the cruise. You can't refuse because we have already arranged it with our Maitre D'."

Jessica smiled in appreciation and responded, "I would love that. Thank you for your generosity."

With that, they finished their drinks and made their way to the private dining room, where Enrico welcomed them in. Rachel noticed the subtle attention Enrico paid to Jessica's cleavage and began to form a plan for a foursome later in the cruise.
