 My wife and I went on a 7 day cruise last month for our anniversary last March. We met a nice couple out at the pool the first day at sea, and found out they were scuba divers too. While in the Bahamas, we linked up together for a couple of dives. My wife is tall at 5-11, Blond, 43, big tits and very sexy. Steve and Jan are married, except Steve is around 50, full head of grey hair, 6', and muscle toned, while Jan was 5'7", 28 years young, 120 pounds and was wearing a butt floss bathing suit that gave me an instant erection.

We teamed up as dive buddies, and I made sure I followed Jan from behind, getting a gorgeous view of her shaven twat as she swam in front of me. My wife's pubes where also showing through her transparent bathing suit, and I noticed that Steve's eyes were locked on her crack as well. We made two dives, and all I can remember seeing and thinking about was splitting some buns and fucking away on our vacation, but with Jan's pussy around my swollen monster.

After the dive, we headed back to the ship and back to the pool. Beer and Bahama Mamas were flowing, and when dinnertime came, we decided to hit the Karaoke bar down stairs instead. We drank till about 10pm, and Steve and Jan invited us up to see their suite and have a drink.

Wow! What a suite, 2 granite bars, 2 huge balconies, a sunken oversized bath tub, and a king-sized bed. Our room was in the bowels of the ship, and did not have a window. ( Hey, I may be cheap, but I wasn't planning on staying in the room except to sleep anyway) Steve poured the girls a drink, and then Sandra and I ventured out on the balcony. My wife leaned over the railing and I snuggled up behind her with my hard dick stabbing her in the butt. She then started gyrating her ass, and I whispered I wanted to fuck her right then and there. She started to protest, and I pointed to bed, where Jan was face fucking Steve by sitting on his face, stark naked. Sandra surprised me by dropping here sundress, got on her knees, and pulled my hard prick out of my shorts and gave me fantastic blowjob to completion. I was more than surprised when she stood up, kissed me and forced her sperm laden tongue in my mouth. I was still hard as a rock, and turned Sandra around to lean on the balcony, and fucked her from behind for all it was worth. She was slamming, cumming, grunting, crying and bucking me like there was now tomorrow, and he pussy felt like a hot furnace. I never seen her so involved in our lovemaking like this before. Then, out of the darkness, Jan came over to us, grabbed my wife by the head and started French kissing her. Oh shit, her first lesbian experience, and I was sandwiched in the middle of it. I reached around to stroke Jan's cunt, and felt the spermy, wet mess that Steve had left behind. I snaked a wet finger up in her ass, and she forced my whole finger up her bum. She then ordered me to take our party back to the bed, so I grabbed my wife and walked her to the bed while I was still buried inside her from behind.

As I started to lean Sandra unto the bed, Jan crawled head first and tits up under Sandra, and proceed to lick and suck pussy and my balls. After about 10 more strokes, I felt the lava flow from my balls, and began pouring my pent up semen deep into her overflowing cunt. I rolled off my wife and watched the two ladies crawl into a 69, and eat each other like there was no tomorrow. I decided that I wanted to help Jan eat Sandra's delicious cream pie, so I got on my knees and forced my head between the crack of her ass and had the most erotic dual pussy eating episode Sandra and I have ever had. Steve then tapped me on the shoulder, and nodded for permission to fuck my wife. Hell yea, was my response. His prick was huge, I am guessing 10 inches, and him entering my wife and knocking the air out of her was truly erotic. I came around to the front of my wife, and was amazed she could continue to devour Jan's sweet pussy, all the while she was getting the air forced out of her and dumming like a freight train with Steve big boner. I kissed my wife, and then grabbed Jan's legs and pulled her free from the lip lock she had on my wife's clit. I then placed Jan next to Sandra and slid my meat into her missionary style, while she wrapped her legs around me like a pro wrestler, and bucked me like a bronco. I was in heaven, and we fucked and sucked for over an hour, until no one had any strength left, and we all fell a sleep in a wet, smelly heap. It was around 10am when I was awaken by a dual blowjob by the girls. My wife Sandra then placed her pussy over my mouth, which was dripping fresh sperm from an early fuck with Steve. We spent the last 5 days of our trip fucking each other's spouse like sex starved honeymooners. Steve and I even did some bi stuff for the ladies. What a vacation!

Since we have gotten back to Jacksonville, Sandra will not even consider swinging again, maybe unless its with Steve and Jan. I have another cruise planed in December, and this time I have a twin balcony suite reserved. Wish me luck!