 This story is part of a continuation of my Road Trip series (see the end of 'Road Trip -- California' for a list of the chapters of that series, in order to be read). You need not read that series to enjoy this series. Although real places and celebrity names are used for realism, this story is fiction. Please 'read, enjoy, vote, and comment.'

Synopsis of This Story Up to This Point: After a motorcycle road trip laced with grief, love, incest, and sex, Jim moved in with country singer Crystal Lee and her sister Ellen in Nashville. With Crystal's help, Jim became a top country singer. He got tapped to do a movie, enjoys several orgies with his leading lady Jill Danes, and finds a new love interest in Claire. The film crew moved to Nicaragua to film on location, and Jill was kidnapped. Jim did a bold and risky rescue using his skills he learned as a Green Beret. Shooting finished on Jim's movie. He returned to Nashville with Ellen and Claire for a sex-filled week with Nadia their housekeeper before Crystal returns from Europe where she did a movie. Upon Crystal's arrival, Jim and Crystal do a press conference where a reporter asked Jim about his fathering a child in Ohio. Jim initially ducked the question, but his answer indicated the reporter's accurate assessment. The media went wild at the prospect of Jim having a hidden baby. A few days later, Jim and Crystal sneak off to join his child's parents and the baby in Michigan after they too have fled the paparazzi; as a group, they decide to allow Edie, the pretty reporter from the press conference, to interview Jim, Crystal, Summer -- the baby's mother, and George -- her husband. Edie falls in love with Jim, Crystal, and the baby's parents; they share some intimate times, and then Edie writes her story for publication, putting a positive spin on the relationships. A full-blown scandal is narrowly averted. Later, Jim and Crystal fly to Florida for a concert with their entourage. While there Claire reveals the secret she had hidden from them for months.

