 This story is part of a stand-alone continuation of my Road Trip series (see the end of 'Road Trip – California' for a list of the chapters of that series, in the order to be read). You need not read that series to enjoy this series. Although real places and celebrity names are used for realism, this story is fiction. Please 'read, enjoy, vote, and comment.'

Synopsis of This Story Up to This Point: After a motorcycle road trip laced with grief, love, incest, and sex (read the Road Trip series), Jim, girlfriend country singer Crystal Lee and her sister Ellen, a love interest named Claire, and a nymphomaniac housekeeper Nadia lived together. Jim gets into country music, does his first movie (enjoying several orgies with his leading lady), and becomes a hero several times to great media acclaim. The press discovered that Jim fathered a child in Ohio during his road trip, but with sexy Edie's help, Crystal and Jim manage the news so their reputations remain intact. Billy, their band leader, and Dan, their publicist, joined the group more often. Claire finally revealed her mysterious past, admitting to doing porn films and being an escort girl. Crystal and Jim get Grammys for their great music. During a concert in London, Jim receives a blackmail note. He hires a private detective to help search for the culprit, and hence meets Margo. On a flight to London, Jim and Margo joined the Mile High Club, and later confront some suspects and resolve the blackmail threat to Jim. After leaving Margo and Caroline – one of the suspects, Jim continues his European tour. In Berlin, CIA agents asked Jim to do a special task in Moscow and bring back secret data to the west. He succeeds and receives highly sex-filled thanks from the female CIA agent. After Moscow, the entourage move to Dublin, where Jim discovers a bomb in the concert stadium, and at great personal risk saves the day by carrying the bomb to a place to limit damage. His 'Mellon Girls' reward him appropriately. Back in Nashville, Jim and the gang listen to one of Nadia's sexy stories, and then he heads to Ohio to be at the birth of his second child and to reconnect with Edie. A new movie opportunity arises, and everyone starts to work hard.

