 This story is part of a continuation of my Road Trip series (see the end of 'Road Trip -- California' for a list of the chapters of that series, in order to be read). You need not read that series to enjoy this series. Although real places and celebrity names are used for realism, this story is fiction. Please 'read, enjoy, vote, and comment.'

Synopsis of This Story Up to This Point: After a motorcycle road trip laced with grief, love, incest, and sex (read my Road Trip series), Jim, girlfriend country singer Crystal Lee and her sister Ellen, a love interest named Claire, and a nymphomaniac housekeeper Nadia lived together. Jim becomes a huge country music success, does his first movie (enjoying several orgies with his leading lady), and becomes a hero several times to great media acclaim. The press discovered that Jim fathered a child in Ohio during his road trip, but with sexy Edie's help, Crystal and Jim manage the news so their reputations remain intact. Billy, their band leader, and Dan, their publicist, joined the group more often. Claire finally revealed her mysterious past, admitting to doing porn films and being an escort, at one point consorting with billionaire Joe Mansard and his daughter Beth; Claire left the 'adult' business and took steps to clean up her life. Crystal and Jim get Grammys for their great music. Jim is blackmailed; he hires private detective Margo to resolve the case. Together, they confront some suspects and resolve the blackmail threat. After an erotic night with Margo and Caroline -- one of the suspects, Jim continued his European singing tour. In Berlin, CIA agents asked Jim to do a special task in Moscow; Jim started his mission, met a beautiful Russian woman, and after mission success connected with a sexy CIA agent. After Moscow, the concert entourage moved to Dublin, where Jim discovered a bomb in the concert stadium, and at great personal risk saved the day. His 'Mellon Girls' rewarded him appropriately. Back in Nashville, Jim and the gang listened to one of Nadia's sexy stories, and in Ohio Jim saw the birth of his second child. Later, Nadia brought a new and inspiring sex toy into their midst. Jim's circle headed to LA to start a new movie. On a weekend concert, Jim met PJ -- a beautiful runner welcomed into the group. Urged by her circle, Claire reestablished contact with billionaire Mansard and Beth; Jim joined the three of them for a long-weekend vacation in the Galapagos Islands.

