 "Jess?" I called from living room as I entered our townhouse. "You got some mail!" Nothing.

We had lived together for about a month, having dated for half a year before that. Jess was the office hottie, and my persistence had paid off in scoring one date, then another, and then a serious relationship with a girl who was truly the "total package." Jess was smart, funny, professionally accomplished, and smoking hot. Coming home still involved suspending disbelief that I actually lived with such a great lady.

"Jess? You upstairs?" I flashed a smile to myself as I pictured some pre-dinner fun with my girl. Sex was frequent and a whole lot of fun, if somewhat less experimental than in previous relationships I'd had. I suppose that I was being more careful about getting crazy with Jess because I was afraid of freaking her out. No way would I risk losing something this good by pushing too fast.

Still without a response, I wandered up the stairs, absent-mindedly opening one of the letters addressed to me. Our bedroom door was closed. I stopped in my tracks, recognizing the unmistakable sound of porn playing. I dropped the mail and walked in excitedly.

Jess was laying on her stomach on our bed, wearing a white tank top and a pair of white panties, with my laptop in front of her. She turned her head and returned my grin, then turned quickly back to the screen. Her dark hair fell about her shoulders alluringly

"That's my computer," I pointed out, suddenly nervous. Jess and I had been together for seven months and had recently moved in together, but I couldn't say that I had shared every fantasy in my head, or every video on my hard drive. I flipped quickly through a mental directory of my porn collection. There was some out-there stuff in there to which she would surely object.

She leaned over, stretching out a hand to me without removing her eyes from the screen. The sounds of multiple people moaning and gasping flowed from the speakers. "Come here," she invited, and I sat down as her fingers mixed with mine.

She turned her head again, her neck flowing into her lithe back and into her delicious ass and... "You like this stuff?"

On the screen was an olive-skinned and dark-haired pornstar, frantically switching from one cock to another as a crowd of men surrounded her. She wore blue lingerie and a leather collar with an metal O-ring in the front. One of the men, evidently growing impatient, hooked his finger through it and roughly dragged her mouth off one dick and onto his. She moaned as if this new cock was the greatest thing in her world.

Jess laughed as she felt my palm get clammy. Her bright eyes met mine. Shit. She had found one of my most hardcore gangbang videos, definitely the sort of thing that I hadn't ever discussed with her before.

"Jess, this... why are you snooping around on my computer?" I asked, my eyes darting from the screen to her eyes to her body and then back again.

She laughed. "You getting shy on me?" The woman on the screen was manhandled onto all fours, and her blue panties were torn in half by a guy who looked like a convict. "I was curious. About what you think about when you're alone."

She lifted herself up on her palms and slammed her lips to mine. She had been an intense kisser from our first few, but even so, there was something extra passionate about this one. I wrapped a hand around the back of her head and buried my fingers in her hair, tugging a bit. She moaned surprisingly loudly.

"Well, I suppose you figured out where I keep the rest of the videos." When we had watched porn together in the past, I had been sure to set things up beforehand so that we weren't perusing every piece of filth I owned. I had tried to pick hardcore but relatively normal videos, exclusively of couples and not crowds.

Her hand clawed at my belt, opening it after a few slips. Her hand shot down my boxers and encircled my cock. Was her hand shaking a bit? I throbbed in her hand and closed my eyes, trying to collect my thoughts, but my mind swam.

"What do you think of it?" I asked, staring into her eyes and narrowing mine.

She rolled onto her side, facing me and looking back at the screen. The men were lined up behind the pornstar, the first pulling out of her pussy. The camera zoomed, and cum flowed out as the head of his cock slid out. Immediately another man came forward and buried himself in her sloppy cunt. She nearly screamed with apparent pleasure. A third man grabbed her hair and pushed himself past her open lips and into her mouth. Unable to wait for my answer, I firmly inserted my hand into Jess's sexy little white panties. I can't remember her ever being so wet.

Her eyes slowly met mine again, and there was a twinge of desperation in them. "I love it," she said, clearly but distantly. "I fucking love it, Billy." Two fingers slipped effortlessly into her.

I could feel my every heartbeat through my cock, still encircled in her fingers. I gulped. I was excited as my first time with her. I had to know more.

"You've thought about this before," I stated rather than asked.

She nodded, pulling my cock out of my pants as I worked them off. Never breaking eye contact, she leaned her head forward and ran her tongue lovingly up the length of my shaft.

"You like watching her get fucked by all those guys?" I asked.

"Yesssss." A pause, both of us unsure.

"Talk to me, Jess."

She licked my cock head. "This has been my biggest fantasy." Lick. "For as long as I can remember. Since I was a teenager." Slow lick. "I'm so fucking turned on, Billy."

I shook with arousal. "Me too."

"Most guys would never be into this."

I considered that. "There's a lot of gangbang porn out there, baby. There's obviously a market." I paused again, weighing how far to go with this amazing line of fantasy. What the hell. "And fuck what anyone else likes. I love watching her get ravaged by all those men."

"Fuck me!" she nearly yelled, her eyes closing. I tore her panties and top from her, exposing her taught body. I rolled her roughly back onto her stomach and slid into her from behind without ceremony.

"Goooood!" she moaned, her muscles flexing around me. I pumped her while we both watched the last minute of the pornstar taking cock from both ends. The guy behind her pulled out and dragged her to her knees, and he and the guy she had been blowing shot over her already cum-covered face. Rivulets of jizz ran down her chest as such sucked hungrily at their cocks, and then the screen went black as the video ended.

Suddenly it was just Jess and me alone with the fantasy. I pulled out and flipped her over by the shoulders, slamming home again as she raised her hips to meet me.

"You really loved watching her get fucked like that," she taunted.

"And I'm damn sure I'm not the only one," I returned, pounding her harder. She gasped.

"Which one would you be?" she asked, running a hand through my hair.

"Which guy? God, any of them. That doesn't even matter... just to be part of ravaging her like that." I winked at her, running a finger over her parted lips. "Which one would you be?"

I expected her to laugh and break the tension, but she took the question seriously. "I would love to be her. Fuck. I've gotten off to that..." pant, pant... "... more than any other fantasy."

I slowed my pumping, my cock feeling like it had suddenly doubled in size. "You'd want to be her? The center of a gangbang?"

"Mmmhmm," she answered, biting her lip in a half-pained way.

"You'd want to be a sex toy for a bunch of guys?"

"Fuck yes!"

There was a clear moment in time in which we both weighed whether to take it all the way. As of earlier today, our sex had been fun but not terribly experimental. I imagined Jess taking the place of the pornstar. Jess surrounded by cocks. Jess getting dragged around a circle of horny men, each pawing for their piece of her. Jess alternating blowjobs. Jess being bent over in preparation for an assembly line of doggy-style fucking.

She broke the silence. "Would you ever do it?"

I locked eyes with her. "Yes."

"You'd pass around some slut like a party favor?"

"If that's what she wanted me to do to her." And then... "Would you ever do it?"

She arched her shoulderblades, reached her lips upward, and kissed me. "Yes."

I sped up my pumps slowly, knowing that I couldn't last much longer. "Do you want to do it with me?"

She came suddenly, screaming, her pussy clenching and pulling around my shaft. It was too much. I pressed my hips to her and flooded her already sopping pussy with as much cum as I've ever shot at once.

We came down over the course of about a minute, unclenching our fingers from each other's backs. I would have bruises tomorrow for sure. So would she.

I wrapped her arms around her and tried to imagine her mind at that moment. I had admitted a serious fantasy, but for her to have also admitted it was an even bigger step. She had apparently accepted a seriously slutty proposition. We had just jumped ahead several steps in sexual experimentation.

"Jess... that was about the hottest thing we've ever done."

She grinned up at me, some of the post-coital cloudiness fading from her expression. "Yeah. How serious were you, Billy?"

"About actually trying it?"

"About actually gang-fucking your little girlfriend." I arched an eyebrow, which encouraged her. "About finding some guys and sharing me."

I took a deep breath. It was one of those big-decision moments, and I knew that I wouldn't get a second chance to repeat whatever my answer might be. I pulled her close.

"Yes. You snooped your way into my biggest fantasy, too. We'll have to be really careful, and we'll have to put real work into communicating. But yes. I've wanted this for years, same as you."

She kissed me, slowly and deeply. Both of us were still shaking.

* * * * * * * * *

Finding men turned out to be much more difficult than I'd imagined. We probably would have given up on a lesser fantasy, but our relationship had been imbued with a delicious new spice ever since we watched the porn together, and neither of us was about to give up. Over the course of weeks, we combed internet posting and screened responses to our own. Eager though we were, we refused to compromise about STD testing or proper manners.

I met with several candidates over beers, one at a time. Two were acceptable. Rob and Tom were similar to me in important ways: both were professionals, in above-average physical shape, obviously intelligent, interpersonally skilled, and apparently consumed by a gangbang fetish. Tom had participated in them before, but Rob was a new to it as I was. Both produced fresh STD test results, and neither was the type who would risk his health lightly.

On our end, Jess and I both got tested again (although we had been monogamous for the duration of our seven months), and she continued oral contraception. The extra mile would be worth it to dispense with condoms for the fulfillment of years of fantasy. We were going to do this one right, both in terms of our health and in terms of the slutty details.

* * * * * * * * *

Twenty minutes to go. Jess turned slowly in front of the closet mirror, inspecting a body covered by scanty but innocent-looking pink lingerie. Her hair shone as it flowed down her back. My heart raced as I watched every gorgeous curve of her body under the closet light.

"What do you think?" she asked.

"I think you could seduce any man in that, most of all me."

She smiled and reached for the floor. "I have an addition to show you. A surprise." She pulled out a shoebox and stepped daintily into what can only be described as stripper heels. Clear Lucite lifted her calves and, amazingly, molded her ass into an even more delicious shape. I whistled and then reached into my pocket.

"I have a surprise for you," I told her, and produced a leather collar with an O-ring.

Her eyes lit up. "Sexy!" she exclaimed as I fastened it around her graceful neck.

I stepped back to admire her again. "You look like the most innocent slutty girl in the world."

"You think they'll like it?" she asked shyly. "You think they'll want to fuck me like in the video?"

"That's not even..." I started to say, and my phone began ringing. "Yes. And that must be them."

Jess hadn't wanted to meet Rob or Tom before sex. I think it was hotter for her to maintain their stranger status, although of course I had worked hard to find men she would like. The three of us appeared in the bedroom doorway together to find her kneeling in the middle of the floor, hands behind her back and facing away from us.

Rob let out a little "Wow," and the three of us exchanged grins. My girlfriend looked like some sort of ancient offering to a sex god, kneeling on the floor in preparation for fucking the three of us. I could feel my blood flowing hot and fast. From the movement of her back beneath her cascade of dark hair, I could tell she was breathing deep and hard.

I stepped forward and laid a hand on the side of her face from behind. She jumped and then leaned her head into my hand, looking up at me over her shoulder. She smiled with the look of someone casting herself into a fantasy. I motioned with my head and she turned around on her knees.

Rob made a nervous wave, and Tom nodded at her with a lusty expression. Jess laughed in a soft, embarrassed way.

"Hi," she said.

"Hi," Tom returned. "Pleasure to meet you." She smiled again, still shy.

I knelt down and kissed her lips. Jess closed her eyes and melted her face into mine, moaning softly. I rose to my feet in front of her, slipping my shirt over my head. Rob and Tom did the same and approached from my left so that we stood in a line in front of her.

"Take the rest off," I ordered. Never breaking eye contact with me, Jess' shaking hands slid off my belt and pulled down my zipper. I helped her remove my pants, and then she slid sideways on her knees to Rob. Time seemed to slow down as I watched my girlfriend pull off Rob's pants, freeing his thick cock. She gave it a hungry look and then quickly shimmied to Tom, who stood with his arms folded in front of him and a highly amused expression on his face.

"You've really never done this before, have you?" he asked.

"Not yet," she replied, pulling at his belt with a bit more confidence. In another moment the three of us were naked and hard in front of my lingerie-clad girlfriend.

Jess wrapped a hand around Tom's rigid cock, looking over at me. She slowly brought her face to it, stopping with her lips parted an inch away from his head.

"You really want to see me suck these cocks?" she asked me in her best innocent voice.

"Do it, baby," I said, my breath in my throat. And with that Jess leaned in and wrapped her wet lips around the head of his shaft. She let it pop out of her mouth, looked up at Tom, and then buried the length of him in her throat, bobbing slowly back and forth.

I couldn't believe how hot Jess looked. I had always been extremely attracted to her, but suddenly she looked like the hottest pornstar I had ever seen. She ran a hand down Tom's abs as her mouth massaged his dick. She pulled back with a gasp, a wisp of saliva following her. Then, with a toss of her hair, Jess slid over to Rob and licked him slowly from base to tip. Her right hand wrapped around Tom and worked him while she swirled her tongue around Rob, who gasped at her skilled work.

And then she moved in front of me. Her hair spilled over her bra-clad chest, which heaved with her excitement. Her Lucite-clad heels stretched out behind her. Her eyes met mine, and we shared a space of total fantasy fulfillment. Then her mouth took me in and her tongue thanked me as I momentarily lost track of the room.

Returning to the situation, I hooked a finger through Jess' collar loop and led her back over to Rob and Tom. I pulled her forward onto Tom, and she reached her hands up to massage Rob and me as she bobbed her head back and forth on the first of her three cocks.

Tom nodded to me. "She loves this. How'd she ever wait so long to try it?"

"She'll make up for lost time today, man."

After five minutes or so of Jess alternating cocks, I decided it was time for the next phase of the day. I nodded at Rob and Tom and they each leaned down and grasped one of Jess' arms, lifting her small body and dragging her toward the bed.

"Uuuuh," she gasped as they threw her down on her back, each maintaining a grip on one of her arms and pressing it into the bed. She squirmed but they held her fast. I parted her legs and slipped her pink panties slowly off.

"I think it's time for our little slut to put her pussy to work," I said, running a finger between her parted lips. She was dripping. With that, I leaned over her and slid myself between her trembling lips and into her pussy.

"Oh yesssss!" she cried out, tossing her head backward into the sheets as I began to piston in and out of her. Her muscles clenched around my shaft with powerful spasms. She fought to move but Rob and Tom pressed harder. Her eyes found mine.

"You like fucking me while they pin me down?" she gasped.

"Fuck yes baby. I've got to get this pussy warmed up and ready for them."

She cried out with pleasure again, and I knew that there was no way I could hold out for long in such an erotic situation. No matter; I wanted to cum twice today, and I was eager to see her take on the other two. As I watched, Rob ran a hand down her face and slipped a finger into her mouth. She sucked him desperately, arching her back to offer her face to him.

I could feel myself passing the point of no return, and with a shout I pressed my hips to hers and buried my cock as far as it would go. She cried out as she felt my ass tighten and my muscles shoot a huge amount of cum into her warm, tight hole. I gasped and pulled backward.

Within a second of me pulling out of Jess, Tom wrapped his arms around her shoulders and manhandled her into a kneeling position. Rob ripped off her bra, leaving her wearing only the stripper heels and the collar. Tom slid around behind her and began feeding his thick cock into her cum-soaked pussy.

Jess' eyes flew open with the visceral realization that she was fucking another man in front of her boyfriend. I moved in front of her and took her face in my hand, kissing her lips again. She seemed almost delirious with lust, but managed to return my kiss.

"Thank you," she whispered breathily from parted lips.

I stepped back as Tom began to fuck my girlfriend in earnest. Each powerful thrust slammed her hips forward and elicited a moan from her. I took another step back and watched his pole diving into her pussy. I could see my cum flowing around the sides and beginning to trickle down her leg.

Rob moved in front of her, cock in hand, and she sucked and licked at him as Tom pummeled her from behind. After thirty seconds or so they found a rhythm and began tossing my girlfriend back and forth between them. She opened an eye, caught mine, and closed it again in ecstasy. She was the spitting image of a slutty pornstar.

"Switch off!" Tom exclaimed gleefully, reaching across Jess' back to high-five Rob. They moved around her as she gasped, trying to catch her breath. Tom slid into her mouth, one finger finding her collar ring to hold her head steady. A thin film of her juices rubbed off on her lips. Rob let out a satisfied "Fuck!" as he buried his shaft in her well-used pussy.

Tom pulled himself out of Jess' mouth, and for the first time I heard her moans full-force as another man fucked her. I could tell from her voice that she was very close to cumming.

Rob turned to me. "Can I cum inside her, man?"

"Fill her up," I answered gallantly. "That's what she's after."

Rob pumped faster, and Jess' moans became louder. Suddenly she screamed out so loudly that Tom and I both jumped. Rob's face contorted, and I knew that her pussy was squeezing her in its exquisite grip as the ripples of her orgasm flowed through her. Rob slammed home one final time and exploded inside her. Jess' hair was matted with sweat and her expression as was turned-on as I had ever seen. Rob fell back onto his knees, popping out of her. A stream of cum slid down my girlfriend's leg as she knelt backward too.
