 Nineteen-year-old Crystal Love has just returned home a day earlier than expected after her first semester at college. She wanted to surprise her Mum, Leanne, on her 39th birthday. She has just gone round the back of the house to look at the garden. Her Mum won't be home for a couple of hours. Or so she thought.

Who got the surprise?

"Fuck her in the ass harder you stud, it's her birthday."

"Yeah, fuck my ass you stud. I'll bet you used to fuck Crystal's ass harder than this. Come on give it to me."

"Leanne, your ass looks so hot with his cock sliding in and out. Stop licking my pussy, I wanna suck his cock out of your ass. You wanna give me a hand in a while? After all, it is your birthday babe."

And that was what greeted me when I returned home from college. I watched intently for about ten minutes or so and then left as silently as I'd come!

I had decided to surprise my Mum with an earlier-than-expected visit, since her birthday almost coincided with the end of the semester. She was expecting me on the Thursday and I thought I'd surprise her on her 39th birthday by coming home on the Wednesday. 

After what I'd just seen I was a little flustered. I'd never contemplated witnessing such a scene, and was still highly aroused and very turned on by what I'd just seen. Here was my ex boyfriend fucking my Mum up the ass. And she was loving it. And not only that, our neighbor, Cathy, was there and getting very into it. I headed for a café to think things over.

Leanne Love had married very young. She had had one daughter, Crystal, at an early age. Her early marriage and the birth of Crystal had caused her to stop a very lucrative career in modeling. Her husband at the time, in fact her only husband, was a wealthy property dealer almost three times Leanne's age who had made substantial gains from his business. Then he popped his clogs, leaving Leanne and Crystal with a wonderful home and pots of cash, plenty for both of them to live very healthy lives.

Leanne had led a healthy existence and was still in top shape. With her blonde hair, ample breasts, legs to die for and an ass you could crack walnuts with, she was often the reason guys got a good slap from their wives. And she was never short of a date, or two.

Sitting over my espresso with my pussy soaking wet and on fire, after all I'd just seen my Mum demanding my ex to fuck her in the ass harder, I thought back over the day so far. 

After I'd landed I took a taxi home. It was such a nice day and I figured Mum would probably be out, so I ventured round the back to look at the garden. And then I heard loud moans, almost screams, I couldn't tell at the time, coming from the conservatory. As I sneaked in closer, I could make out at least two pairs of legs.

Then when I'd got within hearing range I heard it.

"Fuck her in the ass harder you stud, it's her birthday."

"Yeah, fuck my ass you stud. I'll bet you used to fuck Crystal's ass harder than this. Come on give it to me."

"Leanne, your ass looks so good with his cock sliding in and out. Stop licking my pussy, I wanna suck his cock out of your ass. You wanna give me a hand in a while? After all, it is your birthday babe."

I'd stood just outside the conservatory, crouching low so nobody would see me. I couldn't believe what I was seeing, my Mum, our 35-year old neighbor, Cathy, and my 23-year-old ex, Dan, going at it. Some birthday present I thought. Mum was on all fours on the rug wearing the sluttiest looking outfit that I'd ever seen her in; red thigh-high stockings, garter belt and the highest red heels I'd ever seen. Her hair was up in a high ponytail. Underneath her in a sixty-nine was Cathy wearing similar but in black with her brunette hair also in a high ponytail. From where I was I couldn't see clearly, but it looked like she was licking the hell out of Cathy. And to top it off, which I could clearly see, was Cathy eating my Mum's clit and fingering her apparently shaved cunt, while Dan was pumping his nine inch love pump up her tight ass. 

Cathy crawled out from under Mum and knelt next to the two of them. She started to spread Mum's butt cheeks with a look of pure lust in her eyes while continuing the verbal obscenities.

"Are you enjoying fucking Leanne's tight ass? How is it fucking your ex girlfriend's mother in the ass? Go on, drive that hot cock into her butt. I hope you're not gonna forget my ass later. I love a good ass-fuck, especially when it's your monster cock. Give me that cock, I wanna suck it before you fuck her ass again. Mmmmmm, you like that?"

I'd watched on as Cathy pulled Dan's cock from my Mum's ass and deep-throated him in one before bobbing up and down with long, fast strokes. When she wasn't she was talking like a slut-possessed. She then guided his cock back up Mum's ass, telling him to get his come cream ready to give Leanne a second late lunch. He managed a dozen or so strokes and then told them he was gonna blow his load. Cathy asked Mum if she was ready to give her that hand now. "Hey, Leanne, you should get a load of this cock, especially as it's just been up your ass. Mmmm."

Mum quickly scooted round and started to deep-throat Dan. After a few strokes she passed his cock to Cathy who continued the oral administration. She then pulled him out of her mouth and started to jerk him off into Mum's now waiting mouth. The first shot was like a high powered hose of thick, white jism that hit the target. He lost control after that and spunk was flying all over both their faces and tits. Mum then gobbled him down again and sucked him hard and fast as Cathy started to lap up the excess come from Mum's face and tits, while fingering both pussies. At that point I'd left.

The first semester of college was great. I thought I'd done some fairly wild things. I'd even messed around a little with my girlfriends, we'd all been a little embarrassed at first, but it turned out to be horny as hell.

Only a month ago my new boyfriend had asked me if I wanted it in the "chocolate starfish." It took me a few moments to work out what he was talking about, then I said, "oh yeah baby, fuck me in the ass, I know you've wanted to since we met, go on…do it…fuck my ass and then come in my mouth. I haven't had a good ass fucking since I left home."

And boy had I loved it, but after what I'd just seen my Mother doing, I was in the minor leagues. I resolved to change this and get in on the kind of action she was obviously not unused to. Maybe we could even become a Mother and Daughter team! 

I decided to stay at a friend's nearby that night and think about how to confront Mum about all this tomorrow.

"Hi Mum, I'm home."

"Hi Crystal. You're earlier than I expected. You have a good flight?"

We chatted about this and that and caught up on things going on. Needless to say she wasn't telling the whole story. 

I took a long hot soak, and then decided to have an afternoon nap before dinner. Mum said she'd cook us something special and crack open a couple of bottles.

I came down for dinner later. Mum had cooked a roast and I was starving. After we cleared all the dishes we moved to the living room. The wine was starting to take effect on both of us now. I felt a little bolder. So far I hadn't talked to her about her birthday.

"So, did you have a good birthday then? What did you get up to?"

"Oh, nothing special. Went out for lunch with Cathy. Her treat."

Yeah right, I thought. More like stayed in and had a nine-inch salami sandwich. Thinking back to what I'd really seen her doing started the juices flowing in my pussy. The wine had really kicked in now. Here goes I thought. All or nothing.

With the wickedest smile I could manage, I came out with it.

"Actually Mum, from where I was it looked more like you and Cathy were feasting on Dan's salami, and rather enjoying it. He does have a fantastic cock doesn't he, especially when he's fucking your ass with it. Cathy wasn't exactly being an innocent bystander either."

She just stared at me gob-smacked and then said, "Oh, you saw us. Well I suppose there's no point denying it. I am very embarrassed though."

"Don't be. Actually, I thought it was a fucking hot scene. Better than most of the porn movies the guys at college watch. You were quite the naughty slut really and Cathy sucking Dan's cock out of your ass was soooo nasty."

"You really did see everything, didn't you! Well, I suppose we may as well have a Mother and Daughter heart-to-heart then. Did you really think it was hot?"

"Yeah, you were great. My pussy is getting all wet thinking about it, and by the way, since when did you shave your pussy?" I said as I rubbed my cunt through the taught denim of my cut off shorts in full view of my own Mother. I was getting really hot by now.

"Really Crystal, you are a little nympho aren't you! But I must admit I'm starting to tingle down there myself now thinking about it. Cathy and me shave each other quite regularly. She's a nasty slut, and also the reason I enjoy life much more than I ever imagined possible. Especially from the sex point of view!"

"You're getting me all randy. Tell me the whole story. I wanna know about the stuff I didn't see."

"How much did you see?"

"Only about fifteen minutes. Dan was pumping your ass with his majestic cock with Cathy underneath you when I arrived, and I left when I came, if that makes sense, when you got your second late lunch!"

"You came? Wow. If we'd known you were out there, we would have invited you in. I'm sure Dan wouldn't have complained! You really wanna know, cos it's gonna get me all horny talking about it?"

"Yep, with all the nasty details."

"OK, here goes. Cathy called me on Monday and said we should get together for some fun on my birthday. Said she'd be around at 11:30 and then we'd go for lunch somewhere. True to form she arrived on time and presented me with a bag of goodies, as she put it. Birthday presents. I told her she shouldn't have, but everybody says that, don't they? There were three wrapped packages, which I thought was overkill really. She said I had to open them in order. They were even labeled 'Leanne 1, 2 and 3.' The first turned out to be the red "outfit" you saw. It was pretty minimal as you saw, not even any panties! I was only wearing a robe, so it didn't take me long to "dress." I told her that this didn't seem very suitable for going out in. She said not to worry as lunch was arriving later. Special delivery. She then put my hair up into a high ponytail, like she had, as she ran her fingers up my thigh and tickled my clit. Maybe lunch can wait I thought at the time. The second present didn't need Sherlock Holmes to work out what it was, the only question really was what color. It turned out to be a ten inch purple strap-on, and the irony was that I didn't know if it was a present for me or for Cathy! She told me to put it on and model it. By now she had slipped two fingers up my very wet cunt and was tickling the pucker of my ass with the other hand. I made some lame joke about it being my present and she should be wearing the strap-on, which she had no objection to either. I was about to take out the third present from the bag when she told me that that would have to wait until we had tested the strap-on. She removed her short black skirt and blouse to reveal her pantiless pussy and firm tits, both of which she made a point of caressing erotically before she put on the strap-on. She came over and started to kiss me deeply, sliding her tongue into my mouth as I reciprocated. She had adjusted the strap-on so it was sliding between my legs, stimulating my now burning pussy. She was fingering herself with her right hand and using her left to tease my ass, before gently slipping a finger up it. I moved myself back and sat on the couch spreading my legs as wide as they'd go before demanding Cathy to lick my cunt and stick a finger up my ass. She proceeded to attack my clit and fuck my ass with two fingers. I was getting really into it then. I can't remember what I was saying, just nasty, unabated slutty talk. The kind you usually don't want your daughter to hear, I might add, young lady. But it seems we have a somewhat new Mother Daughter relationship now—or at least the beginnings of. And if you carry on rubbing that pussy of yours any longer, I'm gonna have to lose this dress and give my pussy a good fingering. I was so caught up with the story I didn't notice you'd taken your shorts off. As there don't appear to be any panties on the floor I assume you weren't wearing any in the first place. Mmm, I can see now what got you going so much when you saw me at it. You're turning me on as well Crystal."

"Stop digressing Mother, get on with the story. We can get down to business later, if that's OK with you. Yes, I wanna fuck my mother, but for now just finish the story. I'll take care of my cunt for now while I listen."

"So, Cathy had her tongue up my cunt while she was fingering my ass. After I'd come all over her beautiful face, pulling her head into my cunt until my orgasm subsided, I told her it was time to test the merchandise. She asked me how I wanted to do it and I made some comment about the fact that as I'd been looking at her pretty much face-to-face since she arrived, maybe I should bend over something and let her fuck me from behind. I stood by the desk over there and raised one leg onto it. I reached back with both hands, spread my ass cheeks and told her to fuck my cunt, and to do a good job of it too, after all it was my birthday. Little did I know what was gonna happen later! Like I said, I was starting to get really into it now. She guided the ten-inch purple present towards my cream-oozing pussy and didn't mess about. She rammed about seven of those lovely inches straight into my cunt and fucked the living daylights out of me. As she was doing this I rubbed my clit as Cathy pinched my nipples, squeezing and rubbing them. I came about three times more before I told her that it was my turn to do her. What she said next seemed odd at the time and puzzled me. She said that as much as she dearly wanted me to fuck her there and then, she was gonna fuck my ass, just to prepare it for later. What's later I thought? I've been fucked in the ass many a time. Have you been fucked in the ass Crystal? If you were watching when I think you were, you heard my lewd reference to you. I was just assuming that you had, as Dan was doing such a top job of it."

"MOTHER, get on with the story. Yes, I have. Dan was the first to, and my new boyfriend at college has done me in the "chocolate starfish" as he calls it. Carry on."

"Anyway, she slipped the purple protrusion from my satisfied pussy and slid it up my butt ever so slowly. That was the biggest thing I'd ever had in there, and it took a while to get about eight of those inches in, but when she did she pounded that thing into my ass like there was no tomorrow. She had one hand caressing my tits and the other rubbing my pussy. I came again all over Professor Purple, as I'd decided to call 'him' and told Cathy that it was time for me to try out my pressy. Without going into all the details Crystal, we basically did what I've just told you in reverse."

"So, what was present number three?"

"A video. I asked Cathy what it was and she said stick it in the VCR and find out. I put it in and pressed play. Looked a bit crappy at first but once the pictures started to move it was fine. Fine in the sense of quality. What I was actually looking at was Dan, your ex boyfriend, fucking Cathy's face with long hard strokes. We watched it for maybe twenty minutes, while playing with each other's pussies, tits and asses. At one point Cathy was straddling Dan, facing away from him, with his cock up her ass. She was riding him and yelling nasty talk into the camera about how she wanted him to come in her mouth after he'd fucked her ass and what did he think about fucking his ex girlfriend's mother in the ass for her birthday next week. When he said he was gonna come she leapt off him and took him straight into her mouth, come flying all over the place before she managed to get a grip on the situation. I was obviously interested, seeing as he was your ex. Was he doing this to Crystal I thought?"

"Mum, my pussy is in dire need of a good something. Do you have a dildo or something I can use?"

"Hang on a minute, I'll get you one. You are a nasty girl, aren't you? Like Mother like Daughter I think is the phrase. I'm looking forward to our newfound relationship!"

The wine was still flowing and she returned with not one but two dildos, telling me that she would probably need something to satisfy her cunt soon too. I was now on a level with my mother that I'd never contemplated. Here we were talking openly about sex and she was lending me a dildo to fuck my pussy and any other available orifices with. 

"Thanks Mum, love you. What happened next? I wanna know how Dan got into the birthday equation."

"Well, about the time that he was coming all over Cathy's face on the video, the doorbell rang. Not the best timing I thought at the time for anyone to be visiting, what with us both sitting in our dirty whore outfits. Cathy then said that this was the 'lunch delivery.' I let her answer the door and thought about going to the kitchen to get plates and stuff when Cathy reappeared in the living room with a really wicked smile on her face. She asked me if I was ready for the 'bonus' present and of course after the fun we'd already had I had no doubt the 'bonus' present was going to involve something of a sexual nature. Well, the only answer in the state I was in Crystal was 'yes.' And then Dan walked in. I found out shortly that Cathy had been fucking him since you went to college.

'Happy Birthday Mrs. Love' he said. I told him that if anything remotely close to what I'd just seen on the video was going to happen that perhaps Mrs. was not appropriate under the circumstances, especially given what I'm wearing, or not. 'Call me Leanne' I said, 'and if things go as far as I think they are gonna, you can call me pretty much anything you like, except Mrs.' Is this shocking you Crystal? Hearing your Mother talk like a cock and pussy-craving bitch?

"No, I love it. If anything was shocking it was what I saw, but as you can see my cunt is juiced up a treat. You haven't been watching at all. Look at my pussy Mum, it's the wettest it's ever been. This is the dirtiest story I ever heard. Will you fuck me with your new strap-on later?"

"You want me too? Yeah, OK. The times they are a changing babe. I never in a million years thought that I'd be sitting with you talking like this and agreeing to us fucking each other. I bet your pussy is as juicy as mine is. Will you fuck me in the ass with Professor Purple later? I'd love that."

"Deal, now finish the story."

"So, Dan walks in, and after the preliminary chat about what to call me, Cathy starts to rub his crotch. How she answered the door wearing what she was or wasn't was probably enough to make most people cream their pants, regardless of sex, and here was poor Dan! She was trying to be some kind of porn queen or something and doing a very good job of it. His bulge was becoming decidedly bigger as she stroked away. She can talk really dirty when she wants to, as I guess you heard. You'd never think she was a high-flying lawyer when you saw her like that. Cathy said that this was the bonus present and asked if I minded, as she knew all too well that Crystal, you, had been out with him. This was when she told me that they'd been fucking since you left for college. Well, no offense darling, but I was not in a mood to refuse such an offer. I asked what they, or more to the point, Cathy, had in mind. Cathy said that we were gonna do anything and everything. I have to admit it's not an offer you get every day! I walked over and dropped to my knees as I unzipped my bonus present. I pulled his cock out and started to furiously deep-throat him. Cathy got down next to me, she'd thrown Professor Purple onto the couch, and we gave him a double header. Again, the idea of whose birthday it was hit me, but to be honest, I didn't care at all. Your ex has one hell of a cock and I intended to get the most out of it, literally. As we slobbered and drooled over his pulsating shaft, he started getting into the dirty talk too. Must have learned that form Cathy I thought. He was calling us his sluts and telling us how he was gonna fuck us in our mouths, pussies and asses. We decided to move to the conservatory then, open the doors and let some air in. It was getting too hot in here. We carried on fucking his cock with our mouths, as the other licked his balls. Then Cathy told him to fuck my tits as she took the head into her mouth on each upstroke. Cathy then told me to go for it, that the first blast was all for me, my first late lunch. I told him to grab the back of my head and fuck my mouth until he came. He didn't last long before I felt his warm spunk shoot down my throat. I swallowed most of it and the rest drooled out of the corners of my mouth, where Cathy was eagerly waiting to steal the excess. He barely went limp and we had him hard as a rock again in a minute. I told him he still had four holes left to fuck and I wanted my pussy done first. Cathy and I rolled over onto the rug, me lying on my back with my legs spread as Cathy leaned across me, parted my pussy lips and licked at my clit before guiding Dan's cock into my cunt. She told him to fuck me like his life depended on it. And he most certainly did. I was thrashing about, urging him to screw me deeper. Cathy kept up the clit lapping bringing me to another intense orgasm, before sucking his cock out of my pussy and telling us that it was her turn. She straddled him, facing him as I threw my leg over Dan's face and told him to eat my pussy as Cathy rode up and down on his pole, yelling the usual gutter-talk at him and reaching around to pinch my nipples. Next thing I knew she was sticking two lubed up fingers in my ass telling me that she was getting hole number five ready for action. I was grinding my cunt into his tongue telling him that he was gonna butt-fuck his ex girlfriend's mother next. 
