 I am SexyLuv1 aka as "Diamond" a 55 year black man have been in the lifestyle seems like forever. I write about my life and the things I have done now I am a Kinky MF some people want to call me a freak I am not. For those who don't know the difference kinky is a guy who will fuck a chicken a freak is a guy who will fuck a chicken take it home kill it cook it and then eat it. LOL at least that's what I have been told OK. One thing I have found to be true there are very few couples that are willing to live out there fantasies in real life and even fewer men with the balls to mention to their wives that they want to see them fuck other men but for the few that do we bulls salute you now, back to what we are all here for.

I love the internet... where else can i find a husband that wants a black man to treat his wife like a nasty slut? I responded to the online ad... met him at a local bar... late 30's... city gov't worker... married 12 yrs to "Dot... we drank... talked... found out what it is he was looking for... what she was looking for... she was also in late 30's... blonde... long legs... wanted to have sex with a black man in front of hubby... he liked her to dress in heels... stockings... typical slutty attire... 

"treat her nasty... she likes it... no pain... just give her a good fucking"

I left with directions to their house as well as an invitation for me for Friday night... I drove to their house... excited... happy... planning on what was about to happen... I pulled into the driveway... shut off car... walked to door and knocked on it... Ed answered it... shook my hand... let me in... from the hallway I saw her... dressed in a short skirt... high heels... white blouse... looking very good... 

"Diamond, this is Dot"... she extended her hand... I took it... all the time looking her up and down... Ed left to get me a drink as his wife and I sat on the couch... we talked... Ed returned with our drinks... then excused himself from the room... on the way out... he dimmed the lights... 

After a couple of sips of my drink... I leaned over to kiss the Mrs... she met me with an open mouth and wet tongue... my hands slid up her skirt to find a shaved... bald... wet pussy... her legs opened wider... I asked her what she wanted... she didn't said anything... I stood up... undid my belt... unzipped my zipper and pulled out my semi hard black dick... "Is this what you had in mind?" She answered by leaning fwd... opening her mouth and filling it with my dick... 

About this time Ed walked in... she stopped... looked over at him... i said "don't look over there... "grabbed her head and put my dick back in her mouth... "right there... that's where it belongs"... then stood above Dot and had my dick sucked while hubby stood back and watched... I laid her on the couch... One leg over the back... The other over my arm... Looking directly in her eyes... Seeing she was so wet and ready... I aimed my now solid... swollen... hard... throbbing dick at the lips of her pussy... For the record... Nothing gets my dick harder than when another man is watching me fuck his wife better... Deeper than he can... 

I pushed the fat head past her pussy lips... Her eyes widened... Mouth opened and a moan escaped... "That's right... my pussy now"... Deeper and deeper I worked my way in... All the time knowing hubby was six feet away... 

"Grab your knees"... I told her... She did and I buried my dick... Balls deep till she was stretched wide and filled deep with black dick... She was wet... sloppy... juicy... I pumped her slow and steady so she could feel every vein on my dick... 

I flipped her on her hands and knees... Looking directly at her husband sitting in his chair... I grabbed her ass... Held it wide open then pushed my dick into her body only stopping when my hips met hers... Rolling them to make sure she got every single black inch in her... Then I fucked her hard and deep... looking at her pussy trying to break my dick off in her... Then looking at her husband's reactions... Pounding her pussy... 

When I was ready to cum... I pulled out... Stood up... Sat her on edge of couch... Made her look at me while I jerked off... "stick out your tongue"... Then I blew my load all over it... It ran down her chin... To her tits... I rubbed my dick on her lips... I sat down... Ed grabbed her... Led her to their bedroom... closed the door... 

later I found out that he liked to clean up my mess... 

Not bad for a first date... there were more... 

This is a wife I took to a swing club so she could try her first gangbang but I didn't tell her that... 

The sun was setting. I figured we we're done having sex, and that we would be leaving the club soon. I didn't know how wrong I was. Jen leaned against the bar and whispered to me that she wanted to have sex again. Being a true guy, I wasn't about say no. Hand and hand, we walked up to one of the rooms where a couple of guys were jacking off while watching porn. 

We walked around them and to the beds in the back of the room. She pushed me on the bed and started sucking me off. It felt good, but I needed to fuck her, so I did. It wasn't long before the room filled with guys watching and stroking their dicks. One of the other black guys got gutsy, came over, and Jen started sucking him. This got some of the other guys excited and provoked them to come on over. Before I knew it, a bunch of guys are surrounding Jen while I fucked her. With a dick in each hand and me in her pussy, she made the announcement that anyone who wanted to fuck would need a condom or they wouldn't be fucking her. I've never in my life have ever seen guys scramble so fast for something. 

In a blink of an eye, six of them had condoms in hand. The guy next to me put his on and was ready, so I moved aside and let him slip in his big fat black dick into her. As he did, I watched her eyes roll back into her head. She had never been with any other black guy before, and she wasn't minding it. As he pounded her pussy, she stroked my dick, stroked another black guy's dick, while sucking on this Latin guy's cock. We all switched around, and it wasn't long before she had guys cumming. One, two, three guys spurt all over her face and tits.

She then asked us to switch off. Five of us took turns back and forth, fucking her for not more than minute or two each. One of the black guys asked if she liked to be double penetrated. I told him she did, but not up the ass. So we tried, but with the size of his big black dick, and roughness of the condom, it just wasn't going to work. That didn't seem to bother him too much since not to long after he pulled his dick out of her pussy and spewed all over her stomach and tits. 

She then said she had to take a piss. As she walked off to do her thing, I figured we were done. I couldn't have been more wrong. After she was done pissing, she called us into the other room where the five of us who were left went running into. We took turns fucking her as she sucked and handled the rest. As I was fucking her doggy style she sucked the two guys in front of her, and at that point I had to flip her over and cum all over her. This got that last two black guys excited, and they weren't too far behind. She tilted her head to the right as he squirted his cum all over her face and in her mouth. She spit it back up and continued to lick his dick with it. 

She then felt a couple of drops on her left side, so she turned over stuck her hand under the other guy's balls, and stuck her tongue out as if she hadn't a drop of water in a weeks time. Sure enough he came all over her face and down her tongue. She licked her lips with it, smiled, and once again, spit up the cum and licked him with it. With her face shining in the midst of cum, she took a towel and tried to wipe herself down. I use the word "try", 'cause she couldn't stop quivering. She then had us cuddle around her and gave us all kisses thanking us all for a wonderful experience. Truth be known, she's the one that should be thanked for making us all feel so good.

However, no good deed goes unrewarded. On the car ride home, she told me she climaxed about thirty times, and was still riding high. So with the wheel in one hand, I slipped my hand up her skirt and finger fucked her till we arrived at her house. I couldn't wait any longer. She was moaning and groaning so much. I pushed her seat back, pulled up her skirt, and fucked her some more. Her pussy was still so juicy. With high heels braking everything on my dashboard, I banged her harder and harder until I pulled my dick out and spurt my cum all over her clothes. This night was one I'm sure we'll never forget. 

A cute blonde haired blue eyed 101 pounds of do what ever you tell me just loved to fuck and I love to watch her get fucked... 

Anna Hall was giddy, as we drove and she saw the trucker watcher her through his side view mirror. As we pulled along side, he waved and smiled and she blew him a kiss. He then made a gesture with his hands after pointing at her blouse, as if to ask her to open it. She asked me what to do, and I said that she should have fun, and to do what she wanted to do. Nervously, she undid a few buttons, and pulled her blouse apart to better expose her cleavage. The trucker responded with some sort of begging, because she giggled and undid the rest, letting her blouse fall open, but her nipples kept it from falling all the way open. I love her nipples, they are big and stand out as if to be asking to be sucked, the kind you can balance several match sticks on with ease. Anyway, he wanted more, only being able to see her soft cleavage. She toyed with him, starting to pull the blouse all the way open, then stopping. Finally, she let her nipples out, and he responded with a blow of his air horn. She loved that.

His truck slowed at this point, and we passed him again. Anna was feeling good about herself, and she told me that it was fun playing with the driver that way. Looking in my rear view mirror, I said "looks like your new friend agrees, he's going to pass us again." She turned to see, and asked why he's doing that again, she already had showed him her tits. I said that he probably liked the nibble you gave him, and now wants the whole dessert. She seemed to be a little more nervous again, but as the truck pulled back in front of us and slowed down for a second time, she said "go ahead, catch up again and we'll see what he wants."

As we pulled along side, he did his best begging I guess, helped by some short toots on his horn, because Anna sat up and slowly removed her top. She then turned towards him to allow for a better view. She even slowly touched her breasts as she looked at him. Anna must have a real thing for air-horns, because he let loose with a long blast and then a big thumbs up sign, and she leaned back giggling and putting her feet up onto the dash. She ran her hands down her side, took hold of her skirt, and started to shimmy it off.

I couldn't believe it, and swerved a little, as did her new friend. He dropped back a little, but quickly pulled along side again. She was really enjoying the attention, and finished wiggling out of the skirt until she was sitting there naked. She lifted her hips up off the seat, and gave him a nice view of her soft, trimmed mound. Before I could say anything, she turned and laid back in my lap, lift her left leg on the dash, and put the other up on the door frame. She lifted her ass up, and showed the trucker her moist, pink lips. I was having a real problem concentrating at this point, and I'm guessing he was also by the erratic speed he was keeping. He dropped back, and we pulled into the right lane. Anna was caressing her body, playing with her moistened lips, and I put my right hand onto her breasts and played with her nipples. She raised her hips again, and was moaning beautifully, enjoying the excitement of the moment. I was so caught up with her that I didn't see that he had passed us again right away. When I did, I said, "Hey Anna, he's in front of us again, and he has his turn signal on."

She sat up, and asked what I thought he was doing. Just then, I noticed a sign for a rest area up ahead. I said that I think he wants us to pull off the road with him. Instead of her being nervous this time, she perked right up, with her hands still massaging her thighs, and said to follow him off. "Are you sure?" I asked. "Yes, let's see what he wants." So I followed him into the rest area, and around to the back. He parked as far away from the building as he could, but left enough room for a car to pass him on the right. I pulled up, and along side, and saw that this totally obscured us from the view of the rest of the parking lot. It wasn't long before the trucker was out of his cab, and walking over to Anna's side of the car. She lowered her window and leaned back in the seat. He came over and leaned on the window frame, and told her how hot what she had done was. They were chatting back and forth, as I watched his eyes scan over her naked body. She giggled a lot, as he complimented her body, and I could see the excitement growing in his eyes as he kept gazing at her body just inches away from him.

Taking a chance, I asked him if he liked what he was seeing. He said "absolutely" with a huge smile, so I asked him if he wanted to touch her. Anna's head snapped around to me as if she was just slapped, but she didn't look upset, instead, it was more of the look you'd expect to see after giving a woman a piece of jewelry that she'd been wanting. His response was just as quick, as if not wanting to lose the opportunity. He answered "hell yes" as his right hand cupped her breast. She turned back to him, and relaxed in the seat, letting him know that she approved.

He ran his fingers around her breasts, and over her nipples. His fingers pinched a little, then massaged them, as she closed her eyes and let out a soft moan. He then adjusted himself to allow his left hand to massage her breasts and nipples, as his other hand slid down her stomach and across her soft mound. She spread her legs, and his fingers found their way into her wet lips, which caused her hips to rise off the seat. Taking a chance, he reached his head into the car and put his mouth on her nipple and began to suck, as his fingers worked around the inside of her pussy.

Anna was really moaning now, and raised her head up to him, he lifted her nipples, and they kissed, with his hand still inside her. She sat up more, and put an arm out the window to wrap around his back, and turned and lifted her hips so that she could get a knee on the seat. He refused to let go of her cunt, working her the whole time. She now leaned out the window forcing him to release her womanhood, but in doing so, her grabbed her ass and lifted her up. Now on both knees, with her head and tits out the window, and his hands firmly on her ass, he lifted her up against the door, and she struggled to get a knee up into the open window. 

I must admit, this was hot to watch, my girl friend lusting after a stranger, clawing her way to him from inside the car. He finally just pulled her up and out, and she stood on the ground wrapping her arms around him. He leaned her back onto the car, and began kissing her from the neck down, and once again finding her wet lips with his fingers. He suckled her nipples, and worked the inside of her pussy, making her shiver with delight. I left the car aslo, to get a better view.

As I rounded the back of the car, I saw her clenching her knees together tight as she could, and with that, she began to cum. He fought to open her legs again, and she eventually let up to allow his fingers to move around more. Her knees now spread, and slightly squating, she started cumming even harded, drenching his hand in the process. His other hand was now frantically working at his own belt, and releasing it and his pants to the ground. Anna's hand found his tool, and stroked it maybe twice before it was hard as steel. He pushed her to the right, and onto the hood of the car, lifting her legs into the air, and inserting himself into her dripping wet pussy. 

She reached back over her head to grab something, but there wasn't anything, so she just laid her arms over her head as he pounded into her. Her body weight was pushing down on him, and he was thrusting back hard, giving her quite the ride. He had her legs in his hands, and was spreading them wide, watching his manhood slide in and out of her warm, wet hole. Her breasts were bouncing with the rythym of his motion, and her cunt lips were sucking hard on his stiff dick with every movement. His pace increased, and I could tell he was about to lose control. I could tell she was going to cum again also, because she was arching her back, and neck, and so I moved closer to see the pounding she was getting. 

Her cunt lips were indeed latched to his dick, as he pulled almost all the way out, then thrusted back in. Then she began cumming, and squirting all over him, which in turn made him lose it also, as I saw his cream covered tool emerging from her heavenly womanhood with every stroke.

Before long he was spent, and slowing his pace. He looked down, intent on watching her pussy suck every drop of his sperm off his dick. He pulled it out until the head was almost exposed, them pushed it back in all the way, slowing with every stroke. It was so hot watching her pink lips suck the cum off his dick. Finally, with one last thrust, he sucked each of her nipples, and withdrew for the last time. She lay there, draped across the hood of the car, sweat on her skin, and cum dripping from her cunt.

We parted ways with the trucker, and she promised me that this would not be the last time, as she sucked me off with the blow job of all time.