 If you have read our original story then you know that my husband, Will, and I started playing in the cuckold world a few years ago. We started out with the son of friends of ours. He was 18-years old and had a huge cock. Please read the story if you haven't yet. It was a very hot intro to cuckolding. If you want to skip ahead to the sex, feel free...lol. We just like to explain ourselves a bit.

A little background. We are in our 50s and live in the northeast. We both have successful careers. Both of us keep very fit. He is 6'1" and weighs about 190lbs. He has a nice , thick, 7.5" cock and huge balls. I am 5'2", 120 , petite, 34D. 

We have always enjoyed the occasional mfm threesome. My husband is bi. He had always been more of a top or even dom. That is, until out affair with Mark, our friend's son. That introduced us to a whole new "thing." I found it hot to watch my, otherwise masculine alpha male type, husband become submissive to me and my lovers. Likewise, he found that he enjoyed it as well. 

Bear in mind, though, we do not see this as a lifestyle. We don't live in a dom/sub relationship all the time. I very rarely play on my own (one exception being this story). In fact, we eventually broke it off with Mark because we felt it was becoming too much a part of our lives. We took a break for a while but found we missed the excitement. So, we gradually got back into it. We keep it under control by only playing every few months for the most part. 

Most of what we do is pretty run of the mill cuck play. We do trust each other enough and, because we aren't deep into a "lifestyle," we have played some fairly intense scenes. This is one.

It had been a few months since we had last played. We have a few regular guys we enjoy being with but we wanted to try someone new. It usually takes a few weeks to find a new guy. We like a specific type: young, fit, dominant and very well hung. I had a couple of large cocks over the years. I enjoyed them but it was never something I sought out. Our experience with Mark turned me into a bit of a "size queen." Don't get me wrong, I love being with a guy with an average cock who knows how to fuck. I just like the feel, both physically and mentally, of a very large cock. Will likes it too. Something about submitting to, and watching me submit to a young guy with an enormous penis, is a huge turn on.

Anyway, after a few weeks of searching on Craig's List and Adult Friend Finder we found a prospect. He was 22-years old, attractive and very fit. Most importantly, he had a nice 10" cock. He also seemed to know what he was talking about re being a dom. Many guys claim to be doms but, when it comes down to it, they don't know what they are doing. We all talked a few times. He clearly steered the conversation, skillfully, into the dom/sub area. We agreed to meet for drinks on a Friday night.

We were excited at the prospect of meeting a new bull. He looked quite hot in the pictures he sent. He had teased us by not sending photos of his cock. It made me want to see it all the more. We arrived first. We were seated in a booth that gave us a little privacy. We ordered a couple of drinks. Shortly after we were served Danny arrived. He was well dressed and very attractive. He is shorter than Will and more compact. I could see that he was very muscular. We introduced ourselves and sat down.

Danny immediately said, "No, you sit here." Indicating that I should sit next to him.

It is hard to describe but I felt a little charge deep inside. The way he firmly, yet casually, commanded me to sit next to him. I sat down next to him. He put his hand gently on my leg and pulled me a little closer. It would have been clear to anyone who saw us sitting together that I was "with" him. 

We chatted for a bit. Just small talk. Danny was very engaging. I almost forgot what we there for. 

We ordered another round of drinks. When the waiter returned and served the drinks Danny said,

"Will, do you enjoy watching other men fuck your wife?"

The waiter almost dropped the tray, Will turned red and I let out a nervous giggle. 

"Well?" said Danny

With the waiter still serving, my husband said, "Yes, I do."

Such a turn on. I don't know what the waiter was thinking.

After the waiter left, Danny leaned over to me and whispered, "Go to the ladies room and take of your underwear".

I hesitated for a second and he, more sternly, said, "Now."

I got up from the table and walked towards the lady's room. My heart was racing, my legs felt like jelly. I'm surprised I made it. Once there I went into a stall and slid my thong off and put it in my purse. I took a second to settle down and then made my way back to the table. 

As I sat down, Danny pulled me close. He asked for the underwear. I gave it to him. He casually tossed it on the table. I felt his hand slide up my leg. He gently started to caress my clitoris. I could feel it swell. My breath quickened and I started to get lost in the feeling. He slid a finger into me and found that soft, spongy spot that drive me wild. While rubbing that he continued applying pressure to my clit.

He said, "Look Will in the eye and tell him what I am doing."

I could barely get the words out. I was so close to cumming. "He has one finger in me and he is rubbing my clit. It feels so good. I'm going to cum." As soon as I said it, I felt the release of my orgasm. I moaned softly but I'm sure people around us heard.

Danny pulled his hand away and held his hand out to Will. "Taste it," he said. Will took Danny's finger into his mouth and licked my juices off. Fortunately, we were not in a place where anyone would know us. 

The waiter came back and asked if we wanted another drink. Danny told Will to get another drink but that he and I would be leaving. We would be going back to our house and that Will should follow in 20-minutes. He told the waiter he could clear the table. He told him to take the thong that was lying there. I'd love to know what he was thinking.

Danny and I got up and walked to the garage. I was nervous. Will and I rarely play alone. I knew he would be with us soon but I wondered what Danny had in mind. We got to his car. He walked me around to the passenger door. He put his hand on my shoulder and ran it down my body to my ass. It sent a thrill through me that I could feel in my pussy. He turned me around and kissed me. His tongue deep in my mouth. I melted. 

He gently pushed me to my knees. I knew I would have that big cock in my mouth in a second. We were somewhat hidden yet still in public. I didn't care. I wanted to feel him in my mouth. I reached for his pants but he grabbed my hair and tugged my head back and said, "No, put your hands down."

I put my hands behind my back. He continued to grip my hair and pull my head back so I was forced to look up at him. With his other hand he unbuckled his belt and pulled his zipper down. He reached into his pants and, with some difficulty because he was partially erect, pulled his enormous cock out. 

I have seen a lot of large cocks in the course of our cuckold play. I have seen bigger but Danny's was amazing. Long, very thick, and heavily veined. The head was huge. He gripped it and slapped my face with it, several times and then commanded me to suck it. I took the head in my mouth and swirled my tongue around it. I slowly started to work my way down the shaft. He was so big I could only get a few inches at fist. I was so hot, I wanted to swallow him to his balls. 

Danny began to slowly push his cock down my throat. He kept telling me to relax and open my throat. I can deep throat a fairly large cock to the base. So, I tried again. I let my throat open and went as far as I could. I was surprised how much I could take until I gagged. 

After a few minutes, Danny started to stroke in and out of my mouth. He asked me if I wanted his cum. I said, "God, yes, give it to me." I wanted to taste him, to see how much his enormous cock and balls would spew down my throat.

He said, "Beg for it."

I looked him in the eye and began to stroke him. I said, "Please give me your cum. I need to taste it, to feel it go down my throat. I'll do anything you want, but please give it to me."

He gripped it and guided it into my mouth again. As he stroked it and fed it to me I could feel him swell. His breathing quickened and I could see his hard abs starting to tense as he prepared to let go. With a final thrust he blasted a huge load into my mouth. It was so good! I moaned as I swallowed down as much as I could. It was so tasty. I lost count of how many times he ejaculated but it was a lot. In the end it dribbled out of my mouth, down my chin and dripped on my dress. So, hot!

There is more but I feel like we have gone a little long. We will post again later with more from this weekend.