 It has been a while since we posted. A lot has happened. We will continue with the story of the weekend.

I left off with Danny blasting a load of cum down my throat while I was on my knees in the parking garage. Once he was done, he pulled me to my feet, kissed me and told me to get into the car. He said we were going back to our house. I directed him. We live only about 10-minutes away. My heart was racing, my face was flushed, I was nervous. I didn't know what was going to happen next.

As we pulled onto the street, Danny reached across and ran his hand up my leg and brushed my bare pussy. 

He said, "I'll bet your cunt is nice and tight." 

The combination of his touch and casually using, what some consider, a vulgar term, sent a thrill through my body. I wanted him to take me right there. I could barely concentrate enough to give him directions. When we got to our house I opened the garage door and he pulled into Will's spot. He instructed me to leave the garage door open. I didn't know what he had in mind but I did as was told. Our garage is hidden from the street so I wasn't too worried about anyone seeing anything but there was still the thrill of possible discovery.

I got out of the car and started to go towards the door.

Danny said, "Stop, come here."

Again, I did as I was told. He firmly, yet gently, pulled me to him and kissed me deeply. His tongue exploring my mouth as his hands slid down my body. Cupping my ass, he pulled me towards him. I could feel his erect cock press against me. 

Suddenly he turned me around while bringing my arms behind me. Before I knew what was happening, he had, somehow, tied my hands behind me. He must have planned it and had something ready to bind me. He bent me over the hood of the car and pulled my dress up over my hips. Having taken my panties off earlier, I was already bare. I could hear him undoing his pants. Next I could feel his massive cock rubbing against me. 

He said, "This is what you want, right?"

I was so turned on but I was a little scared. I was alone with, basically, a stranger, with an enormous cock, who had me bound and bent over a car. 

I mumbled, "Yes."

He said, "I can't hear you. Tell me this is how you want it."

"Yes", I replied, "please give it to me."

Fortunately I was dripping wet by now. If not, I'm not sure how I would have taken that thing. At this point things seemed to slow down. He began to enter me for the first time. He was surprisingly gentle. He slowly worked it in and out, giving me a little more each time. I slowly got used to his girth and length. Soon I could feel almost his entire shaft sliding in and out of me. Amazing.

As he continued to fuck me, headlight beams splashed across the driveway. Will was home. All of a sudden I felt guilty. Odd, I know. However, Will and I had never played apart before in the cuck scene. This night, I had already sucked Danny's cock and was now being fucked by him. I was about to take my second load of cum. 

Will walked in. He looked sort of dazed. Later he told me that he had assumed I would suck Danny's cock. He had figured, though, that we would simply be waiting for him when he got back. 

Danny said, "Come over here and get on your knees so you can see your wife take a real cock."

Will did as Danny asked. He got to where his face was inches from my ass. He had to be getting a good view of Danny's huge dick stroking in and out like a piston. I rarely have an orgasm when being taken from behind. I enjoy the position but it just isn't one where I easily cum. Tonight, though, I could feel it building. Danny could sense it too.

"Are you almost there?" he asked.

I could barely manage to grunt a "yes".

"Good," he said, "We will cum at the same time." It was almost a command.

He started thrusting more powerfully. I could feel my clit swell and get hard. I couldn't hold back. I let out a guttural scream as I came. At the same time I could feel Danny ejaculate deep inside me. As he did when I sucked him, he came a huge amount. He was still cumming as he pulled out. 

I was still bent over the car, helpless because of my bound hands. 

I heard Danny say, "Clean my cock." to Will. 

I struggled to get up but Danny told me to stay there. I could hear Will move over into position. Danny instructed him to lick his cock clean, to clean the entire shaft. I could only imagine my husband licking the younger man's horse cock. Cleaning his semen and my juices off of him. 

I could feel the cum running out of my cunt and down my legs. Danny ordered me to spread my legs a little more. He then told Will to clean me. Will knelt behind me and put his face to my ass and began licking my pussy. He is great at giving head. I could feel his tongue scoop into me to lap up Danny's seed. He sucked gently on my swollen labia. He then started on my clit. He knows just how to get me off. Slow circular strokes, gradually zeroing in on my now hardening clit.

Danny sensed that I was going to cum. He said, "You don't cum until I tell you to."

I was almost there. I didn't think I could hold back. I tried, but I came hard in Will's mouth. Some times, when I come very hard, everything seems to let go and I actually gush urine. It happened now. As I came I could feel both Danny's ejaculate and my piss coming out and flowing into Will's mouth. He later told me how much it turned him on. I was shaking.

Danny pulled me up and released my hands. He said, "You'll pay for that later. Let's go inside."

He grabbed a small gym bag from his trunk and we headed inside. I was a little scared to find what was inside. I did know, though, I wanted that cock in me again.

As we walked inside, I grabbed Will's hand and squeezed. He squeezed back. I knew we were ok.