 As the title suggests this is a side story between chapters, potentially setting things up for future installments. The category should make it clear that it is a little different from the first part, however the second chapter will be more like the first, so if anyone wants to skip this, you won't miss anything. The second chapter is the next one I will post. Also I have gotten a few comments that sound like advertising, so please restrict comments to actual comments on my writing.

*****

In the past week my life had certainly changed. While I would never take issue with any same-sex couples that I might meet, I had always felt that it wasn't for me. However in the course of just over a week I had received a hand job, given a blowjob and been fucked by a guy. The change may have been surprising, but I still found women very attractive, so I wasn't going to let finding myself to be bi to mean anything other than more potential partners. After work I considered the list that Gavin had given me. It wasn't a long list, so I wasn't concerned about finishing. The list consisted of going to a sex shop and getting a load of lube and a butt plug, a size slightly smaller than his cock. The note on the list explained this would keep me loose enough to enjoy it, but still tight enough for it to be good overall. Finally the list involved my actual preparations, which consisted of removing my body hair, with instructions on how to do this thoroughly and to be waiting with the butt plug in my ass, naked and waiting to give him a blow job before we went out. Removing my body hair would only prove somewhat strange as I already removed some hair already, going through the process of being hairless from the neck down was certainly different though. 

I thought about the first instruction as I didn't exactly frequent sex shops, after all I had the internet for porn and the only thing to go to a sex shop for would be to get sex toys, which I hadn't actually thought to do up to this point. Going online soon allowed me to locate a shop in decent part of town with a good rating so I wasted in no time in going over as I did not have a great deal of time before Gavin showed up. Upon entering the shop I noted the girl behind the counter was about my age with hair and clothes depicting a goth style. She smiled.

"Hi, need any help?" I was feeling a bit nervous as I shopping for a sex toy that would make it clear what I got up to, but I took a deep breath refusing to let anyone else's opinion affect what I enjoyed to do.

"Yes, actually I'm looking for a...butt plug and lube of course." She batted an eyebrow, but gave no further reaction as she came out from the counter revealing that she was wearing a black dress that stopped just long enough to be acceptable in public, at least to avoid getting arrested.

"Come on. So, what experience have you had with things in your ass?" I hesitated but again refused to let my embarrassment affect me.

"I've had sex...with a guy, I was on the receiving end, but I think he wants me to be loose enough that it doesn't become too much of a chore each time." She nodded and stopped when we reached the area with the butt plugs.

"What size is he?" This time my hesitation was not due to embarrassment, but simply because I didn't have an answer. So I picked the packages up one by one until I found one that I was certain was slightly smaller than him, the pack indicated it was five inches in circumference. She made a quiet sound that seemed to be a gasp. "How long is he?" I was a little surprised by the reaction but I spoke honestly.

"I haven't exactly measured him, and we haven't been doing this for long. But I would guess just over eight inches." She grinned.

"Lucky. The lube is in the next display. Pick the kind you like. I recommend you get a larger bottle and one that doesn't have scent or flavor, for now at least." The lube did come in a wide variety, but I found one that was fairly basic, but plentiful and took it up to the counter to purchase them. As I was walking to the door I hear something that sounded like "too bad" and I was fairly certain she was checking me out.

After got home I ended up showering several times to be certain I had gotten all of the hair. Thanks to the lube inserting the plug only proved somewhat awkward as I couldn't really see what I was doing. I moaned softly and felt my cock stirring once I had fully inserted it. With this task done I knelt by the front door and waited for his arrival. After about fifteen minutes my knees were starting to hurt so I stood and paced a bit. However after waiting nearly an hour I was beginning to wonder what was keeping Gavin and was about to call him when my phone began to ring. I picked up immediately as I realized it was him.

"Hi, sorry it looks like I'm going to be working over the weekend on a big presentation. I hope you followed my instructions, but it looks like we won't be getting together until next weekend." I mumbled a response as I tried to conceal my disappointment. Feeling really horny I called up some lesbian porn and soon found myself cumming hard, however it was strange how I felt, satisfied, but still wanting more and it soon became obvious that while this had satisfied some of my desire, I also wanted someone to fuck me. So, with the plug still in my ass I squeezed my cheeks tightly and began moving the plug in and out rapidly. It was nowhere near as nice as Gavin being inside me, but the difference was about the same as that between my usual masturbation and sex with a woman. My cock was soon hard again and after a few false starts I managed to start a rhythm of working my cock with my left hand and the plug with my right. My cock swelled and while I wished for something bigger inside of me I was still fast approaching release. I recalled how his cum had tasted and how his cock had felt in my ass. I quickly came quite hard and lay panting. When my breathing had returned to normal I realized that I was hungry so, I walked to the kitchen, still naked with the plug in my ass and got some dinner. As I ate I decided I would return to the sex shop and get a dildo and see if I could find any gay porn that actually appealed to me. I slept fitfully, but when I awoke I found that I had gotten enough sleep and was feeling well rested.

As I walked into the sex shop the attractive goth behind the counter smiled, or grinned suggestively as it appeared.

"Hi, back so soon? Did you and your boyfriend use up all that lube?" I'm certain I blushed visibly as I shook my head and attempted to respond.

"No, actually he has to work over the weekend and...we're not actually dating." Her grin remained as she continued.

"How long have you been out?" I shook my head, but was slow to answer.

"He's actually the only guy I have ever been attracted to, otherwise I'm still attracted to women." Her eyes momentarily widened and her smile briefly twitched in her surprise.

"Really?" I only nodded. "So before we get any more personal, what do you need?"

"A dildo and I have been struggling to find gay porn that I like." She nodded as she checked that the store was empty before gesturing me to follow. She led me to the dildos and held one up, it had a slight curve to the handle and looked like it was about Gavin's size.

"This handle should make it a bit easier, in fact this was actually designed with a guy in mind. As for the porn, I think you have been looking in the wrong place." She led me to the side of the store with DVDs and to the hentai section, in particular the area for yaoi anime. "I think this might be more to your tastes. Look them over and see which one describes a more interesting setup." I thanked her and she returned to the counter while I looked them over. I settled on two that sounded interesting and returned to the counter. She grinned, but didn't say anything until I picked up the bag.

"If you plan to come back in the next few days, you should get a membership, you get discounts." I nodded as I left the store.

Later I set up the first DVD and was soon hard. I lubed up the dildo and with a bit of effort and a few false starts as it was still awkward. I took my cock in my left hand and worked the dildo with my right hand. This could never replace being on the receiving end of an actual cock, but it still felt very good. The dildo sliding in and out adding further stimulation as my cock swelled to a near painful point and my balls felt as if they would disappear entirely as I was nearing release. On the screen were two attractive animated young men and it was getting hot when suddenly an inward thrust of the dildo and I came hard and I had the feeling of flying before laying for several moments, content to just lounge there for a while. Eventually I cleaned up and was ready to sleep.

The next day at work I briefly spoke to Gavin, but he was still quite busy, so all that day we didn't have any time to get together. That night I worked the dildo harder than before to the point where by the end of the night I was sore, but satisfied.

Over the course of the week I was growing restless with a growing desire to be fucked, although the lack of sex in general wasn't helping either. By Thursday I was having difficulty concentrating and by Friday I was about ready to beg Gavin. However he invited me into his office.

"Feeling disappointed about missing the weekend?" I nodded. "Well...I have a little time. Get under my desk." I only hesitated a moment before complying and crawling under his desk. He scooted in his chair and I opened his pants to pull out his semi-hard cock. With a little stroking he was soon fully erect. I had just started working him into my mouth when the opened and I froze. He tapped my head and I continued, although I was now trying to be quiet.

"So Gavin, letting off some steam with another wide-eyed junior employee? A sweet blonde? A cute secretary perhaps?" Here she paused momentarily as I recognized the voice as belonging to Simone, the redhead he had warned me off of on the first day. "Or could it be a naïve brunette...like that cute boy you've taken under your wing." Once again I froze as I listened to her continue. "So Gavin, can I play too?" He laughed softly as he patted my head. I released him and he slowly backed up.

"Okay, stand up." I did knowing I must have been blushing fiercely. She smiled.

"That's adorable." Gavin spoke as he swiftly undid my pants causing them to fall to the floor, immediately followed by my underwear.

"Alright we don't have all day, Simone up on the desk and you, bend over boy." Still head spinning over the strange turn things had taken, I did as I was asked. Bending over the desk saw her spreading her legs in front of me and him lining up behind me. I was still a bit sore from the previous night, but he slid in easily enough, although with just enough resistance and it felt good to be once more filled by him. She commented when he began thrusting away.

"That is really hot, I'm dripping." She pulled my head between her legs and I needed no further urging. The hair between her legs was neatly trimmed and showed that she was a real redhead. His thrusting had picked up speed and she held me in place while I licked exploring every nook and cranny. I licked hard as she gripped me and moaned loudly. I returned to licking as she struggled to keep her moaning under control. Soon his thrusting became more erratic and suddenly he gripped my ass hard as he made shorter and shorter thrusts until he made one hard thrust and came in my ass. This soon triggered my own orgasm and I found myself having difficulty focusing on her pussy. However I managed to keep licking as Gavin pulled out. Simone made a stifled moan as she thrust into my mouth and somehow avoided collapsing off the desk. I needed several moments before I was able to rise awkwardly and straighten my clothes. They were each sitting in a chair and breathing softly, but this did not last long as we all needed to get back to work. Later as the work day was ending, Simone spoke to me.

"Here's my number, after what you did with your tongue, we should hook up." No sooner had she walked away than Gavin walked up.

"Well I have everything in hand now, so be ready tonight as we'll try again." I quickly returned home and went through the preparations I had made last week, showering and removing body hair before inserting a butt plug and waiting on my knees by the door for him.

To be continued.