 While no date had been set yet, Claire and Troy were engaged to be married. They had only been together for a few weeks, but they were in love and more than ready to make the commitment. And part of that commitment, of course, meant meeting the significant other's family members. If the couple had dated longer, this somewhat frightening event would have already happened, and would have occurred more naturally. But Claire was especially nervous because she already had the ring, and now she felt the added pressure of having to be accepted immediately rather than getting time to make herself and anyone else grow comfortable.

She knew Troy was close to his two brothers, even though they all lived far away from each other. That was why it was such a big deal when Will and Bryce decided to fly into town to meet her. Troy hadn't seen either of them in a couple years, so she knew he'd have some catching up to do with them, and worried if her presence might put a damper on things. She couldn't make them like her, of course, and there was no obvious reason why they wouldn't. But Troy was a bit of an enigma himself: his numerous tattoos illustrated the checkered past he had left behind, and Claire wondered if either of his brothers even knew about the new, 9-5 responsible adult Troy.

And the worst of her fears were if the brothers themselves also had bad streaks, and maybe still lived them.

Claire gave a sigh of relief when she met the younger brother, Bryce, who arrived at the airport first on a flight from Miami. Like Troy, Bryce was handsome and had a dark complexion, but the physical similarities ended there. They didn't look like brothers when you looked them in the face, and while both men were in great shape, Troy was well over six feet with a hard body, but Bryce was only a couple inches taller than Claire's 5'5", and he wasn't just well-built--he was put together like a rock. He didn't have the exaggerated, distorted body of those bodybuilders on TV, Claire observed, but he was still huge and imposing. Fortunately, his personality was as soft as could be. Bryce was polite, gentle when he gave her a friendly hug, and was impossibly funny and sociable as the three sat at a bar near the airport, tipping back beers as they waited for Will's plane to get in from Utah.

This early happy hour, as it was only 11AM, turned into a remarkably fun and relaxing three-hour party as they two brothers caught up, told old stories, and Claire got to know not just Bryce, but also a little more about her future husband. The most interesting thing was when Bryce mentioned this girl he had dated in college. Claire recognized the name of a girl that Troy had said he'd once dated. When she brought that up, the guys confessed that, in fact, all three of them--Troy, Bryce, and Will--had all dated this same girl in the same year. Claire didn't think much of it other than that it was curious, and the drinking and conversation was about to change topics when Claire heard a voice from behind her.

"Now that is a hell of a way to start a marriage--lying to your new fiancée," said the booming voice.

From the shouts and laughter from Troy and Bryce, Claire knew this voice belonged to Will.

When she turned to see him, Claire was floored by how much Will looked like Troy, or at least what Troy would probably look like in fifteen years or so. He was a couple inches taller than Troy and a few pounds heavier, but had the same basic body type and carried himself identically. Will's hair was graying and he was clean shaven where Troy had a moustache and short beard, but otherwise their faces were remarkable similar.

Will, 45, was the first born of the three, and more than a decade older than 31 year old Troy, with 28 year old Bryce taking the role of the baby. And though he wasn't old enough to be their parents, Will had an air of authority about him as he greeted his family. And yet he was also the loudest and most aggressive of the three, kind of like the older brother who never grew up. Claire would learn he was great fun to be around, and while he kept her on the edge of his seat with his vulgar language and up-front attitude, she was never offended and always comfortable.

The four of them continued to drink well into the afternoon. Eventually Claire backed off on the beer, not only because she felt full up to her eyelids, but also so she could eventually drive them home. When she finally felt her buzz fading away, the sun was nearly setting. By the time they got to Claire's apartment, she was actually experiencing a bit of a hangover, and when she mentioned this, Will gave her his cure and handed her another beer. Her buzz was back and building right away.

By about eight, the drinking had leveled off from the day's highs and lows so that everyone was heavily buzzed and feeling good. It looked like the evening was winding down, until Claire interjected something during a lull in the conversation.

"Hey Will? What did you mean back at the airport when you said Troy shouldn't be lying to me?" She didn't say it as if angry, because she wasn't, but she was curious.

The brothers all gave devilish grins to each other. Will looked to Troy for approval, and Troy laughed, shrugged and nodded. 

"Go ahead," Troy told him.

"Oh I was going to go ahead," Will laughed. "I was just giving you a chance to walk out of the room!"

They all laughed, and then Will explained.

"This girl, Bridget whats-her-name....we didn't all date her in the same year. We teamed up on her in the same night."

Claire was shocked. "You did what?" Even if she hadn't been drinking all day, Claire wouldn't have been upset hearing this revelation. But she wanted to know more, especially since Troy had kept this from her. "Who went first?" she laughed.

Will laughed a little and looked to the floor. "Well, see, there wasn't really any one to go first, Hunny," he said, already giving her a pet name, which Claire thought was adorable and made her feel like part of the gang. "See, when I say we 'teamed up on her', I mean we all fucked her at the same time." He started laughing as he began to reminisce aloud. "Troy's fucking her, and I'm fucking her, and everything was quiet except Bryce starts cumming all over her face and he says "I want to have your baby!" so loud that I can still hear it!

All three men went into hysterics.

"I've spent months of my life trying to figure out what the hell you meant when you said that," Will joked to Bryce. "What was going through your head?"

"That was the best blowjob of my life," Bryce defended, laughing with him. "I just went nuts. I didn't know what I was saying."

"Yeah, but you made me laugh so hard that I almost lost my hard-on!"

Claire was dumbfounded into silence as the men continued to laugh and joke about the event. Troy didn't say much, probably out of respect for her, but Claire actually found it all very arousing rather than insulting. One of the great things about Troy was his dick, which could've made him a mega-celebrity in the porn business if he'd chosen that route. Though she'd never measured him, she guessed he was between nine and ten inches fully erect, and his big balls had room for cum loads capable of drowning someone. And the one thing these three brothers had in common physically was the size of their bodies. She felt a quiver between her legs at the thought of how incredible this Bridget girl must have felt if Will and Bryce were just as gifted as Troy was when they "teamed up on her".

As she thought about it, oblivious to the conversation around her, Claire absent-mindedly laid her hand in Troy's crotch, feeling his big, soft penis under his pants. When she came back to Earth, Claire saw that the all three men had noticed this, and while they were still talking and laughing and pretending not to be effected, their eyes gave them away. Embarrassed, she moved her hand and just started talking, saying whatever to break the tension.

"Did you ever do it again?" she asked all of them.

Will shook his head. "We've never all been together again. Bridget still lives in town here, but I moved a couple days later, and this is the first time the three of us have been together since."

Will seemed to catch his mistake as Troy gave him the evil eye and Bryce looked to the floor. Claire knew what they thought; Will had inadvertently suggested they would've done it again, maybe even would've done it on this trip, had Claire not been there. Of course there was the catch-22 that the three brothers wouldn't be together if she wasn't engaged to Troy, but the meaning was still there.

"I don't know," Will said, trying to fix his mistake. "We were kids back then. Stupid and crazy."

Except they hadn't really been kids. When Bryce had mentioned Bridget in the bar, he said he'd dated her his senior year in college, which would've made him about 22. That meant Troy was 25, and Will was 39 at the time of the "teaming". Maybe Bryce and Troy could make the young argument, but Will definitely wasn't, and he was the one who had slipped about wanting to do it again. And when she thought about it, Claire realized this only happened about six years ago.

"How old was Bridget?" Claire asked.

The guys all talked it over--apparently none of them knew for sure, but they came up with "about 22", making her now the same age Claire was. That really meant nothing, but Claire wanted it to. She wanted it to be an omen, because she couldn't believe what she was feeling, but she didn't want to just shake the fantasy away. And then a thought hit her.

"Was it your first time?"

Troy straightened up. "What?"

"Teaming up on Bridget, or any girl. Was it your first time?"

They eventually conceded it was not. Over the next few minutes, the guys carefully detailed the other times they had done this. Twice before to Bridget, once when she was 18 and again when she was 20, and then two team ups each to girls named Sylvia, Amy, and Mina. Claire was shocked as she discovered this was almost a normal thing for these brothers. Each girl had been drawn into the team up by first dating one of the guys. Sylvia, for instance, had dated Will, Mina had dated Troy, and Bryce had dated Amy and Bridget. And since Bridget had been the last girl to take part in this little custom since the brothers split and moved away, the tradition had faded. That made Claire the first of a new generation for these guys, and the girl who would break the tradition.

She knew right then and there that she did not want to be that girl.

"So this is really a tradition for your guys," she said, voicing her findings. And before any of them could dismiss her, she said, "Is that something you'd want to continue?"

She looked into Troy's eyes and knew instantly that she had said the right thing. He was blown away, but very happy, and she was thrilled at what might very well become a reality in the next few minutes. If she was right in assuming that Bryce and Will were well-endowed, then she was just a few nods of approval away from about 27 inches of cock.

Bryce and even Will, however, were not exactly jumping up to get started. After all, Claire wasn't just a girlfriend. She and Troy were engaged; no one wanted to step on anyone's toes. 

"Tell you what," Claire said, standing up and thanking the alcohol for giving her the courage to take charge of this situation. "I know it's been a while since you last did this, so how about you guys just get naked, and see if you're still okay being nude together in the same room."

Will swallowed hard, then looked to Troy. "Uh....have you talked about this?"

Troy never took his eyes or his grin off Claire. "I guess we don't have to." He began unfastening his pants.

Bryce had been unusually quiet, but then he broke his silence and stood up. "To old times!" he laughed, nervous excitement in his voice. He took off his shirt, revealing a muscular, sculpted body with tattoos, though not as many as Troy had.

The last to start, Will was also the first to finish, yanking his boxers off so quick Claire didn't even realize he was naked until he called out "I'm done" and she turned around to see him. Though he wasn't as well-defined as his brothers, Will was still in terrific shape, and best of all, his dick was massive. It was even longer than Troy's by about an inch, though not as thick around, and his testicles were the size of lemons.

Since he was the first to get naked, Claire thought it only fair to approach him first. She stood next to him, checking him out as he stood proudly, hunger in his eyes. She touched his chest and traced a finger downward, stopping just above his hardening cock before turning away.

Troy was naked next, and he looked on approvingly from the couch. When Claire beckoned him to come closer, he stood up and moved next to her, three of them now in a tight circle. They only had to wait a few seconds before Bryce, with a fat, eight-inch cock and the biggest balls Claire had ever seen joined them, nude, in the middle of the living room. Will gently held Claire's wrist, Troy had a hand on her ass, and Bryce rubbed his big, rough hand along her slender back.

Claire felt like she'd been transported to a world of giants standing there, encircled by the three brothers. She was only 5'5" and about 130 pounds, and her curly brunette hair and resemblance to the diminutive Kate Hudson only helped to make her seem small and fragile. Her breasts and ass were average size, but she had never been this wet before in her life.

After a few seconds of waiting, she said, "I'm new to this, guys. You're going to have to take charge."

The men moved at once. Troy kissed her deeply and she grabbed his shaft, stroking him to a full erection. Will slid a hand under her shirt and pushed up her bra, cupping a small breast in his big hand and massaging it. From behind, Bryce unhooked her bra and placed his hand on her other breast while reaching around with his free hand to undo her pants. As soon as the pants were undone, they simply dropped to the floor, and then Claire felt Bryce move down and begin gnawing on her ass cheeks, slobbering all over her, thoroughly soaking the back of her panties while her pussy continued to soak the front. He slipped a hand between her legs, beneath her panties, and touched a finger to her clit, sending a sharp jolt of pleasure through her, sending her to her knees.

Claire pushed Troy back as she went down, and he flopped onto the couch. She followed, letting someone pull off her shirt and bra before putting her face in his lap and bringing his cock to her lips. She began sucking his big head and licking his exceptional length, slurping noisily as Bryce licked her ass and then even her cunt through her panties. With those ends occupied, Will got creative and straddled her, then rubbed his cock and his heavy balls back and forth across her smooth, naked back. He would stroke up into her hair, going so far that she could feel his dick rubbing up against her scalp before drawing back again.

While Claire shuddered from the pleasure on her back and backside, she was most concerned with the dick in her mouth, not because it was Troy's but because it tasted and felt so good. She took him deep, sinking half the huge cock down her throat before gagging it up again. She showered the cock with lustful licks, breathing heavily the whole time as she drenched it with her saliva. Then she felt something unexpected as Will grabbed her head and began to fuck her face on Troy's cock. She went with the motions happily, her topped-out sexual drive actually rising as she was guided onto the dick. When she was pulled off of him on the upstroke, Claire made sure to suck Troy's knob so as to make a loud "plop" upon letting it go, and then she groaned hungrily, telling Will that she wanted to go back down, and she wanted to do it now.

That feeling only intensified when she felt Bryce pull her panties to the side and slid his impossibly fat cock head into her pussy.

"Ohhh my God," Claire said without even thinking about it. "Go slow back there. But don't you dare pull out!"

Will let her say this much before pushing her back onto Troy's erection, which she happily gulped.

"Give me that cock," she managed between strokes. "I want to feel it in my throat," she said after another. Will obliged, pushing her head down and putting Troy's cock so deep into her throat that Claire threw out her arms and slapped Troy's thighs as a signal to let her back. Will pulled her back, leaned down to make sure she was okay, but after a single cough, the wild animal in Claire took over and she turned just enough to plant a deep, fanatical kiss on Will's mouth.

The kiss was long, and to keep Troy busy, Claire grabbed his dick and slapped it against the side of her face, wetting her cheek with spit and pre-cum. Her tongue swirled and suffocated Will's tongue, giving him the most intense, erotic kiss he'd ever had in his life. It was somehow almost as good as a blowjob, and his cock was hard enough to concur.

Behind them, Bryce was still testing how much of his cock Claire could take. She had an extremely tight, wet pussy, but it pulled at him, encouraging him to go deeper and deeper. He took things slow, which was agonizing, and the muscles tensing all around him in Claire's cunt threatened to jerk him off before he even started to really fuck her.

Claire finally broke off the kiss with Will, then gave him a hard stare. "Get your fucking cock over here," she said breathlessly, and then she stuffed Troy's dick back into her mouth.

Will did as ordered, kneeling beside Claire and putting himself in a position that she could reach him. She grabbed him and guided him to come closer, until she was holding both cocks right in front of her. They were even touching, which Will and Troy had never experienced before, but they didn't care either, because Claire was a woman obsessed, and they were on the receiving end. She licked both cocks at once, then tried stuffing both cock heads into her mouth at once, which was equivalent to putting a large fist in her mouth, so she only managed about half of each tip. Still, her tongue snaked out even as she had her lips stretched around the two cock heads, licking the underside of both of them simultaneously. Her fingers were also in on the action, with each hand overflowing with a giant sack of balls each, stroking and massaging them as her saliva dripped down to lube them up.

Bryce wasn't all the way in when he felt he'd reached his depth limit, but it was good enough nonetheless. Claire's pussy was no longer pulling him in, and so he began drawing back, then pushing in again, half again as fast as his first insertion. Gradually he began to work up a rhythm, and he could tell he was having an impact by the way Claire screamed out in pleasure each time he pushed in, even when her mouth was full of two giant cocks. Soon he was fucking her at a pretty good pace, and Claire's single screams had drawn out to one loud, muffled, uneven groan of passion.

"Holy shit, Troy," Bryce said. "You are one lucky fucking son-of-a-bitch!" Then, to Claire, "You are goddammed miracle, Claire. I haven't been able to even dream of a pussy this good!"

"Tha-a-a-nk you!" Claire said, panting in pleasure and her voice uneven from Bryce's repeated thrusts. "Your fucking cock feels like a goddammed brick!"

Claire stopped licking Will and Troy, ducked down, and pushed her face deep into Troy's sack, then underneath it, licking and sucking greedily at his perineum. His balls were so big, they almost hid her face entirely. The sound of her breath seeping out of the condensed area was particularly arousing, as was Claire's muffled grunts as she slurped at him there. Her hand above continued to jerk Troy off, while her other hand continued to lift Will's heavy testicles.
