 I knew that it was something of a foolish bet when I agreed to it but thought that it might be fun anyway. The bet from my boyfriend was that I couldn't out drink him and two of his friends. If I won, he'd have to wear my panties all day, including to the gym. If he won, I'd have to fuck him and whomever I couldn't out drink, with the losers having to sit on the sidelines and just watch quietly. The thought of voluntarily agreeing to what would essentially be a voyeuristic gang bang, was a bit "out there" for me, but one that was keeping me in a perpetual state of moistness as well.

I arrived at the bar first and just ordered a water since if I was going to compete, I didn't want to start off on a bad foot. My boyfriend Jim showed up soon after and shot me a sly smile as he met me at the bar and gave me a kiss.

"What's that smile about?" I asked, "and where are your friends? Don't tell me that they weren't interested in this little game."

"Oh, no, that wasn't a problem. I was able to find enough guys who were very intrigued by the idea of doing you, believe me."

Just as he said that, in walked Dave and Brian. They'd be fun I thought, licking my lips. I didn't think that they noticed my motion but they smiled, seemingly in response.

"All right," I said, "Name your poison and let's get the show on the road."

"Not so quick.," Jim said, "There are a few others still coming. No pun intended."

"Jim, define 'a few' for me please, if you don't mind," I inquired.

"Well, I would say there shouldn't be more than five or six others." He chuckled when he saw the surprised look on my face.

My look was probably a cross between "what the fuck?" and horny fascination, combined with a smirk because Jim and all his friends started laughing at the same time. As if on queue, in walked Bob, Rich, Alan, Andy, and two others who I didn't know but I was introduced to as Simon and Ed.

"Now, we can start," said Jim.

"What? Your high school football team wasn't available?" I joked.

"I didn't think of them, but if I had, they'd be here," Jim replied.

A couple of the guys didn't look much like drinkers so I figured that I could easily beat them but Rich and Andy were big, and hopefully big all over, so not only did I not think that I could beat them but I wasn't sure that I wanted to either.

We decided on shots of tequila as our drink for our competition and, to make a long story short, I beat Simon, Bob, and Brian but the rest of the match wasn't that close. I was even tempted to let the other three beat me just to have a chance to fuck them all but I thought that six plus Jim was going to be interesting enough already. I mean when you're talking group fucks, what's three more when you're doing six already?

Jim looked pleased at the outcome but he couldn't know how much I wanted the taste touch and feel of all those different cocks, as well as the prodigious amount of cum that would cover my face, my tits, my cunt, my ass,... wherever they wanted to spill their seed. I was feeling wet before but getting slicker by the moment as I thought about this evening.

My apartment was closest to the bar so we decided to head there. Let's just say that there weren't any laggards on the walk over. You'd think that I lined the path with hundred dollar bills, although if, as a guy, you couldn't get excited at throwing a fuck into your buddy's girlfriend, with his permission yet, you were either dead or gay.

We got to my apartment and realized that we had no idea how to decide the order of who got me first and who got sloppy seconds, thirds, and so on. Jim decided that he'd go last since he'd already had the pleasure of screwing me many times already. I think he was secretly curious how I would react to allowing others have me while he watched but I think that he just wanted to see me royally fucked. His friends drew numbers out of a hat and the order was Andy, Dave, Alan, Rich, Ed, and finally Jim. The other three would sit and watch but still would get to watch a show.

I couldn't accommodate everyone in my bedroom so we decided to use the rollaway bed in my living room. All of my participants were out of their clothes in a flash but I decided to take my time, just to tease them a bit. They all looked to be a bit nervous in their nakedness but that didn't keep their pricks from standing full at attention. A quick glance at the six showed that several were leaking pre cum already, once of which was Andy who was to go first. I stepped over to him, bent over, and took his cock fully into my mouth. He was surprised and gulped loudly. Let the games begin.

"I just wanted to put a few requests in before we start.," I said. "I'm big into cum, I mean the more the better. Before you shoot your load into your condom, and yes this is safe sex, I'd love for you to unload on me. If you can get yourself up and hard and ready to shoot again, then by all means do so. And, while you other three guys don't get to fuck me, if you want to jerk off on me, I'm good with that too."

Brian, Simon, and Bob, looked as surprised as if they had been given a reprieve from the governor since they probably thought that they were going to sit there with blue balls while the others had all the fun. They nervously unzipped and freed their cocks, also clearly interested in the proceedings.

I crawled onto the bed and Andy joined me in a flash. I was on my back at first but turned me over in order to take me doggy style. I reached back between my legs to guide him into me but he found my wet slit quite easily on his own and slammed into me. I thought that he hadn't gotten any for months at the rate that he was ploughing into my pussy. I was so juiced up, and he was so into it, I let out a purr of contentment. I was loving the sound of his cock slapping into my dripping wet cunt, a cunt that would only get slurpier and splashier as it entertained more cocks.

Dave, who was next in line, was stroking himself slowly and clearly getting very excited, as I could see that he was leaking. Given that he wasn't the tallest of the group, I was pleasantly surprised to see the girth of his member.

"Would you suck me?," he asked.

I didn't answer him but reached over, took his cock at its base and started licking the head. I couldn't give him oral to the fullest of my attention given that my world was being rocked by Andy banging the heck out of me, but Dave's eyes were closed and he was in another world at this point. My whole body was shaking violently and this only caused me to suck deeper on Dave without even trying. His cock was hitting the roof of my mouth and further back, gagging me a little.

Andy was pumping faster and I could sense that he would cum very soon. Given the state of the erections around the room, I suspected that none of the guys would last very long but that they would cum in massive quantities, at least on the first go round. I felt him slip out of me and heard his condom come off. I disengaged Dave from my mouth, offering him an apology with my eyes, and taking his cock in my hand while continuing to stroke it. I rolled onto my back, not letting go of Dave, just as Andy had given himself a few strokes. He came with a low groan, his cock shooting wads of hot cum onto my stomach, my tits, and hitting my chin in the process. With my free hand, I rubbed it across my skin, enjoying the heat and stickiness.

I turned back to Dave and slipped his cock back into my mouth. I grabbed his ass cheeks with both hands, in order to help him face fuck me aggressively. He offered no complaints and no resistance to my efforts. I could see his eyes rolling back in his head and knew that he too was approaching the point of no return. I was taking him deeply yet softly, a recipe to bring any man off quickly.

He clenched his ass cheeks, and started to buck his hips as a rush of hot cum filled my mouth and spilled out on my lips. I pushed the load out of my mouth, taking it in my hand and rubbing it hard on my tits, which caused a tingling between my legs.

Who was next?

Alan and Rich were looking dizzy at the proceedings so far and with Andy and Dave having shot their load, no one had to tell them that they were up next. They were both smiling.

"Would you mind if we fucked you together?," Alan asked.

"What did you have in mind? I'm game for anything at this point," I said.

"DP?"

"Well that depends if you boys like the feeling of each other's cocks rubbing against each other inside of me or not," I offered.

"No problem here," said Rich.

"Let's do it," I said enthusiastically. Another fantasy fulfilled. I noticed that all the cocks in the room seemed just a bit more interested at my agreement.

Rich lay on his back on the bed, holding his cock up for me to mount, which I did and gladly. He was long and wide and felt oh so good filling me up. I took a deep breath as it seemed that he must be in me up to my stomach at this point. He was anxious and started slowing pumping into me even before Alan had entered my ass. Rich offered his arms to me for balance and I leaned forward to let him ride me.

Meanwhile, Alan was lubricating his condom encased cock with his saliva and preparing to plunge into my waiting ass. Rich stopped his fucking for the moment to allow Alan to hop on board, as Alan slowly pushed the tip of his prick gently into the rose of my ass. He withdrew his cock and pushed forward again, getting in a bit deeper this time. I was enjoyed the pressure of the two cocks as well as the feeling in my ass, unviolated so far today.

I would love to have had a picture of the group of guys standing around watching the show, waiting for their turn at bat, each of them with a shit eating grin, with their cocks in hand. Jim had the biggest smile on his face, and from my quick glance probably the hardest wood as well. I made eye contact with him and he mouthed the words "are you ok?" I shook my head yes, and gave him an ear to ear smile in return.

Alan pulled out again, drooling saliva onto his condom covered cock, in order to ease his next push into me. I would have loved to have him fuck me raw, to have his hot cum spray into me, to feel it run out of my ass, and to rub it on me. But I didn't know his history and therefore couldn't take the risk. I was more than happy just to have him in me. He slipped back into me, a bit more lubricated this time and I took him all the way in, to the point where I felt his balls touch my ass cheeks. I shook with an intense orgasm as felt myself losing control of all my senses.

Now that they were both buried in me as deeply as they could get, they started a seesaw rocking motion back and forth, with me as the fulcrum. Rick thrusted hard into my pussy, quickly followed by Alan pushing himself firmly into my ass. That they were taking turns allowed me to keep my balance but more importantly, allowed them to get very deep into me.

In the midst of their action, I reached down to rub my clit with my middle finger, feeling Rich's advancing and receding cock in the process. My current position astride Rich wasn't giving my clit the attention that it called out for, but I couldn't complain for lack of stimulation, as I was being fucked silly at the present time.

At this point, I noticed Simon approaching us. He was working himself pretty good and the look in his eyes said that his explosion was imminent. I gestured for him to come closer and took his cock in my left hand, and continued his stroking for him. Rich and Alan looked a bit concerned that they would end up with Simon's cum on them but I wasn't about to let there be any waste.

Simon grunted and I directed his flow onto my upper chest, letting his cum drip down onto my tits. I held his cock against my chest, milking the last of his sperm onto me. He looked relieved to have contributed to the party. I took my palm and rubbed the cum onto my tits, pinching my nipples in the process. I had plenty of cum on me but I was ready for more.

Ed obviously needed to fuck anyone, as his cock, red from his intense stroking, seemed to be ready to burst. I was barely ready for him as he slid hard and firmly into me. He raised my legs up over his shoulders in order to plunge as far into me as he could get. His cock wasn't particularly long but plenty enough wide and he used it to good advantage. I was somewhat surprised at this point that my cunt wasn't sore but I'd probably have difficulty walking tomorrow. Such a price to pay for my own ecstasy. Ed was getting red in the face after relatively few deep thrusts into me and I was thinking that he was desperate to cum after watching all the others. He was panting and pulled out of me quickly, hurriedly stripping off his condom. He rubbed his cock across my lower lips, which felt wonderful after all the latex. He slid back and forth a couple of times; I thought that he was going to plunge back into me but I felt a spurt of hot cum hit my shoulder, with the rest of his output accumulating on my stomach. I rubbed the cum into the dried residual of earlier climaxes.

I was interested to see that even those among Jim's friends who had had their way with me, they uniformly were massaging their cocks, with an idea to using their pricks again if given the chance. Please get yourself ready again for my sake, I thought.

Jim was last up and he surprised me by kneeling in front of my spread legs and starting to trace along the inside of my thighs with his tongue. He was oblivious to all the cum covering my body and clearly wanted a taste of my hot, gushing pussy in the worst way. I was happy to open myself wider for his searching tongue and mouth, which were devouring me in a way that I needed. I orgasmed again as his tongue flicked at my clit again and again. Jim was sucking at me intensely and I certainly wasn't interested in seeing him stop. His slurping of all my juices was pure music; there was plenty for him to drink in. He had my ass firmly in his hands, pushing me into his face so that he could be deeply inside of me with his mouth. His hunger was all consuming, fueled by his own lust in combination with the excitement that my own fucking and sucking were giving him.

Jim disengaged his mouth from my pussy and replaced it with his burning cock, of course without condom. I was his and I wanted him to fuck me raw. He didn't seem interested in laying across my body to be covered in the output of his friends pricks and I didn't necessarily blame him for that. The cum was heaven for me and I didn't want to share it anyway. I had never seen him this excited or felt his cock so hot. Like Ed, I didn't believe that he was going to last more than a few minutes, although selfishly I wanted him to pound me for hours. My hopes were unrealistic given the intensity of the evening. Our next fuck after today would probably also be short in duration since today would still live in both his mind and mine.

Just as he was developing a good rhythm, he pulled out. I slid my head down to take in his cock since I knew that the only reason he would slide out of me would be to cum. I wrapped my lips around his cock and started to swirl my tongue around his shaft. I looked to meet his eyes but they were closed as he was leaning back, in a world of his own.

It certainly wasn't more than a minute or two before the pressure on my shoulders indicated that his cumming was imminent. He exploded in my mouth and I swallowed every drop down my throat, gagging a little bit and the quantity of fluid in my mouth. A little bit of cum escaped my mouth onto my lips; I wiped it with my finger and licked my finger clean.

I lay back on the bed, my body screaming in its pleasure. I looked over at Brian and Bob, who amazingly through all this were still patiently jerking themselves off but hadn't cum yet. I motioned to them to come over.

"Anything you'd like to show me or share with me?" I asked.

They both stepped over to my my side and were stroking themselves quickly, in order not to be the last one to take advantage to be cum upon by all takers. As if they heard me, both of them exploded onto me; given as much cum as they let fly on me, I was a bit sorry that I hadn't cheated in the drinking game and let them all fuck me. Spurts and spasms of their cum hit everywhere, including my hair, which was clean up to that point. Each of them was pulling hard on their cocks in order to give me all that they had. I reached over to Brian and took his cock in my hand. I pulled him toward me and wiped the tip of his cock on my right breast.

"Anyone else?" I suspected that my offer was unnecessary given the pulling and tugging that all the guys were doing on their pricks in order to cum again.

"I'll take whatever you've got left, whenever you're ready. Let it rain cum on me."

Rich, Dave, Alan, Andy, Ed, and Simon all ambled over to continue their stroking over my body. It was quite the turn on to see all these men, these fine cocks, all straining to fire one final load of their finest sperm on me for my pleasure. Jim was seated next to bed, clearly spent but enjoying the spectacle that he had helped to create.

Removing the suspense, Alan was first, shooting onto my legs and mostly onto the bed. Ed and Dave followed shortly after, before Alan was even done. As if in slow motion, the cum flew in the air, landing on my chest and neck. I opened my mouth to see if I could catch any but they were done. I kept alert for the others. Rich, Simon, and Andy were all pumping away, with my open mouth an inviting target. Simon came first and missing my mouth, deposited a load of cum on my check, forehead, and a little bit on my eyelid. I rubbed in my facial with my palms, ready for the final spraying.

Rich was next and his aim was better, hitting my extended tongue with the first spasm and hitting my nose and neck with his dwindling output. He wiped the head of his cock on my arm to drain his last bit of cum. All eyes were focused now on Andy, who seemed to be having difficulty finishing himself off. I put my hand on top of his and increased his pace and friction. It was only a matter of seconds before he unloaded on my pelvis and upper thigh.

I released his cock and lay back down on the bed, closing my eyes. Everyone was breathing heavily, myself included. I reached across my body and slowly rubbed the last of the cum onto my chest and breasts.

We would definitely have to do this again some time.