 My name is Chris and I had to share an experience I had with 3 of the sexiest and sluttiest girls that I met through my College roomate. Before I get into the details though I should tell the readers a bit about myself. I am 18 years of age, I have light brown hair and blue eyes, 6-2 205 pounds with a well toned body that is almost completely hairless. Although my most impressive trait is my cock and balls, 15 and 1/4 inches long and 9 and 1/2 inches in circumference, my ball sack is softball sized and my balls are the size of lemons. All the girls I fooled around with in high school were inexperienced when it came to big dicks, as a result, they were too afraid to let me fuck them. Thankfully, most of them liked to play with my balls and lick and suck my cock, especailly it's peach sized head. Usually the muscles in their arms or their jaw would give out before they could bring me to orgasm. Only a few girls expereinced the enoromity of my orgasms. I can shoot full table spoon sized wads of cum 10 to 20 feet and my orgasms generally last for several minutes in which time I can shoot 20 or more volleys! 

As a freshman at College I shared a dorm with a guy named Jason and we quickly became friends. The second Friday after the semester had started we were sitting around drinking and after a while the conversation turned to women and sex.

"So man how many chicks did you bang in high school," Jason asked.

"Ahhh...none," I stammered.

"What do you mean you said you had a lot of girlfriends?" He continued.

"I did but I guess they were afraid it would hurt too much." I said.

"Hurt? What were they virgins?" Jason said looking at me somewhat puzzled.

"No, they had slept with other guys." I said hoping he would just drop the subject.

"Well than what?" He paused and then started again. "What are you really well endowed?" He looked at me inquisitively.

I hesitated not wanting to sound arrogant and remembering how uncomfortable it was for me when other guys learned I had an unusually large penis. After Phys Ed the other guys and even the teachers would just stare at me or more accurately at "it" in the showers.

"Yeah I guess you could say that." I said somewhat reluctantly.

"How well endowed?" Jason asked somewhat excitedly.

I wasn't specific but I told him bigger than any porn star that I had ever seen or heard of.

"Actually to be honest,I kind of figured as much because of the obvious bulge. Fuck, I guess having a big cock when your younger is kind of a double-edged sword. I mean chicks are probably really turned on by it but they are still to tight and inexperienced to be willing to risk injury." 

We both laughed.

The following Thursday Jason suggested we go to a bar named the Kingshead on Saturday because a few chicks from his anthropology class were going to be there at 10:00.

"I told these chicks about you and they are interested in meeting you," he said excitedly.

"Sure, sounds good to me, what's their names and what do they look like?" I asked.

"Carrie, Tanya, and Samantha. All 3 of them are blonde, with athletic figures and big tits," he replied.

"What did you tell them about me?" I asked somewhat suspiciously.

"I just described what you look like and they seemed interested in meeting up with us," he said.

Later that night in bed I wondered if he had told the girls I had a huge dick. 

On Saturday night Jason and I headed to the bar at 9:00 so we could grab a table and order a few drinks before the girls arrived. I decided to walk around and check out the bar and it's female patronage while Jason paid for the drinks. As I walked through the bar I noticed that a lot of women were looking me up and down and smiling. I returned to the bar and met Jason and we sat at a booth to the right of the dance floor.

About 20 minutes later the girls arrived. They were all about average in height and dressed in tight low cut tops and tight skimpy shorts. Their breasts were almost bursting out of their tops and you could see the outline of their thongs through their shorts. Carrie's tit's were the biggest probably a 32DD with big pointy nipples, both Samantha and Tanya were only slightly smaller. Jason introduced each of the girls and then they sat down at the booth with us. Carrie and Samantha sat on either side of me, Tanya sat between Samantha and Jason. After ordering some more drinks from the waitress some small talk ensued and then another round of drinks. As the night progressed the girls were becoming more and more flirtatious.

"Let's dance?" Carrie finally said grabbing me by one arm and Samantha by the other. I noticed Carrie look directly at the enormous bulge in my shorts as I stood up and then whispered something to Samantha. Jason and Tanya followed behind as well. Once we were on the dance floor the 3 girls got wild, grabbing my ass and Sam started to pull and pinch on Carrie's inch long nipples. All 3 of the girls took turns grinding their pussy and ass against the huge bulge in my shorts. After a couple of dances we returned to our table and Carrie leaned over top of me and kissed Sam again. At the same time they both slipped a hand beneath the table and stroked my huge flaccid cock.

"Holy shit it's so BIG and it's not even hard!" Carrie said to Samantha. Loud enough that the table beside us looked over to see what was going on.

Then Samantha slid a hand underneath the waistband of my shorts and reached inside.

"He's got huge balls too Carrie. Do you want to go back to your place so you can fuck us with your Horse cock and drain those huge balls baby?" Samantha inquired. 

"Yeah, lets go. What are we going to tell Jason and Tanya?" I asked Carrie.

"I think Tanya would like to join us too, besides Jason told us you were hung like a fucking horse and that chicks were scared to fuck you. That's why we came here tonight and Jason said he would like to watch and videotape it," Carrie said.

After arriving back at our dorm, Carrie, Sam, and Tanya peeled each others clothes off while Jason videotaped. My cock was hardening watching these 3 sluts suck each other's tits and finger bang one another. Carrie knelt at my feet and marvelled at the tent my enormous organ was creating in my shorts. Tanya and Sam pulled off my shirt exposing my ripped chest and washboard abs. Each of them licked one of my nipples and rubbed my ass while Carrie unbuttoned and pulled down shorts. My cock sprang out and slapped Carrie right in the face with a thud that I am sure left a bruise on this poor slut's face. Not nearly as bruised as her pussy would be by the end of the night, I thought to myself. She marvelled at its enormity, longer than from the tip of her middle finger to her elbow and actually consdiderably thicker than her forearm! 

"Oh my god, it's even bigger than I thought girls. He's not hung like a Horse, more like an Elephant! Jason get my measuring tape from my purse, I want to see how big it is," Carrie said licking her lips.

Jason, who had started recording, set down the camera and went into the other room to fetch the slut's cock measuring tool. Both Sam and Tanya stopped sucking my nipples after they heard Carrie call for the tale of the tape. Carrie began stroking my cock with both her hands furiously while Sam and Tanya took turns lifting my ball sack into their hands to feel its weight.

After a few minutes Jason returned with the measuring tape and handed it to Carrie. 

"Sam hold the tape at the base of his lovely cock so I can measure it to the tip," Carrie ordered her freind.

"15 and half inches, the head is 4 inches long alone", she proudly announced.

"That's 4 and a half inches longer than Jalen's big black cock and it's head is bigger too," she cooed.

Jalen was a star basketball player at the College whom the girls had fucked the semester before.

"Now I will measure the circumference," Carrie announced.

"9 and ¾ inches," Carrie said sounding amazed.

I had grown some apparently.

"How does it compare with Jalen's?" I asked.

"He was only 8 inches and needless to say your balls are bigger too, way bigger, and he soaked us good with his jizz," Carrie said excitedly.

"Jason make sure you get a lot of close ups of us fucking and sucking this monster cock," Carrie ordered.

Carrie then proceeded to try and put the head of my cock in her mouth.

"Holy shit it's so thick I can barely open my mouth wide enough to suck just the head of his cock, it's almost the size of a fuck'in peach," Carrie said in admiration.

Carrie bobbed her head up and down on the tip of my cock and used both hands to wank it while Jason videotaped. Sam and Tanya each sucked on one of my balls. All 3 girls were busy fingering their pussies and rubbing their clits while they sucked on my cock and balls. 

"Ohhhhhh God! You cock and balls are so big I think I'm going to cum," Carrie hissed.

All 3 girls had orgasms from fingering their pussies while sucking on my mammoth dick and balls. This continued for another 15 minutes, I was amazed that Carries jaw didn't crack under the pressure. The 3 nasty sluts had wicked little smiles on their faces when they looked at each other and up at me. 

"Your cock and balls are so huge, we want you to drain those big balls on all 3 of our faces," Carrie pleaded.

"Ohhhhhhh Yeeeeeaaaahhhh, here it comes girls!" I said.

All 3 cum sluts stopped sucking and shoved their faces together in front of my 15+ inch dick as I prepared to explode. The first half dozen shots were massive and covered most of their faces in nearly a half inch thick layer of cum. Each girl then stuck out her tongue so I could coat it with a tablespoon of my thick sauce. After it was coated, I instructed them to swallow it down. In all I repeated the tongue deposits 3 times for each girl and then shot the remaining loads on their tits and in their hair. With my dick still hard I scooped up the cum and fed it to each of them until their faces were clean.

"Oh my god that tasted so good and he is still hard," The girls said in unison.

"Who wants to get fucked first? Start begging my cum sluts!" I said proudly.

All 3 of them squealed with delight at the prospect of trying to take 15 and half inches of thick man meat in their cunts.

"Please, fuck my pussy first Stud," cried Carrie.

"No give it to me Stud, I want to cum all over your huge cock!" Sam interjected.

"OK, I can see we aren't getting anywhere here, so I will decide. Tanya, get on your hands and knees. Sam you can get between Tanya's legs and lick her pussy. Don't forget to lick the underside of my shaft and balls, too. Tanya, you can eat Sam's pussy, she will need to be well lubricated for the big dick pounding she is going to get next. Carrie, you can come back here and help me guide my monster cock inside this sluts tight hole," I declared.

All 3 girls eagerly obeyed my instructions. I rubbed the enormous head of my cock at the entrance of Tanya's sopping wet pussy, teasing her. After several minutes, I managed to insert the tip of my gigantic cock into her, she screamed and seemed to faint briefly. Tanya began to cum almost immediately as I slowly worked my cock into her now grossly distended pussy.

"Oh my God, it hurts so much my pussy feels like it's getting ripped apart," Tanya squealed.

I smacked her ass hard each time I pushed deeper. After only about 10 forearm thick inches I bottomed out inside her, despite Carrie's attempts to shove more of my man meat inside her friends tight pussy. I pulled my dick out slowly and slammed it back in hard with 10 inch thrusts, with Carrie holding it's thick base, making her squeal with delight.

"That's it Sam, suck my huge balls and lick her cum of my dick while I fuck her," I said.

"Mmmm your balls are soooo BIG and her pussy is so wet and tasty! I can't wait for you to stick that big juicy cock in me, I'm going to try to take it all or die trying." Sam cried.

"How does Tanya's tongue feel in your pussy?" I asked Sam.

"She's got a great tongue, I'm so WET", Sam replied.

I continued pounding Tanya's pussy relentlessly with 2/3 of my huge dick for over 30 minutes. Her orgasms started coming one on top of the other until she finally fainted. I pulled my colossal cock out of her now gaping hole and smacked her ass with it, signalling her to switch positions.

"Sam, now that your pussy is very wet you can get on top and ride my massive cock", I said.

After I sucked on Carrie's big tits and huge inch long nipples, I instructed her to sit on my face. Then I asked Tanya to help guide my huge cock inside Sam's tight pussy and to help her slam herself down on it. 

After about 15 minutes and with Tanya's help Sam managed to stuff 12 inches of thick cock inside her pussy. Tanya grabbed Sam's hips and shoulders and tried to push Sam down on even more of my massive cock, ignoring her screams and pleas that her pussy was being torn apart.

"Fuck me with that BIG HUGE cock, it feels so good. I'm going to cum all over this STUDS ELEPHANT COCK!" Sam screamed.

I grabbed the little slut by her hips and managed to stuff one last additional inch inside her raw and sore pussy. After Carrie came, she lifted herself off my tongue and decided to help Tanya inflict some abuse on Sam's hot little body. They both slapped her big tits hard with their open hands and pulled savagely on her nipples. Then Carrie asked Jason to remove his belt for her to use on Sam's ass.

"Do you want me to whip your ass and smack your tits will you ride that HUGE COCK!?" Carrie yelled at Sam.

"YESSS! Whip my ass, this stud's big dick is going to make me cum! Sam cried.

Sam was going absolutely wild riding my huge dick. Tanya helped Sam lift herself all the way off the massive cock. Then again, with the help of Tanya, she slammed herself down on 13 inches of forearm thick cock. Sam continued to slam down on the huge cock, over and over, for at least another 30 minutes. Each time Carrie would whip her little ass and Tanya would pull hard on her big nipples.

"Fuck my pussy with your big FAT cock, stud. Whip my ass hard, smack my tits and pull on my nipples," Sam begged. 

"Oh God, I'm so full. Ahhhhhh, I'm cummmmmmming on the this studs huge elephant sized cock!" Sam screamed at the top of her lungs.

Sam collapsed on top of me, in a heap, after being pounded with 13 inches of thick cock for nearly ¾ of an hour!

"Ok Carrie, it's your pussy's turn to get rammed by my big cock! Tanya, clean Sam's cum off my dick with your tongue. Then you can lick my balls and Carrie's pussy as I slam my 15 inch cock in her. Sam, you can suck on Carrie's huge titties", I ordered the three sluts.

I rubbed the peach sized head of my huge dick on her pussy lips teasing her with its immense size.

"Please, fuck me hard with your elephant dick, I need it so bad," Carrie whimpered.

"Your friend Tanya could only take 10 inches and Sam only 13 inches of my thick cock, do you think you can do better than that SLUT?" I asked.

"YES, I want all of it. I want you to rip my pussy apart with all 15+ inches of that huge dick! I want to hear those big cum filled balls slapping against my pussy. Then after I cum all over your big dick, I want you to pull out, flip me over and shoot a thick layer of jizz all over my face and tits," Carrie pleaded.

"All right then, Sam pull this slut's pussy lips apart and lick her clit," I said.

I was amazed at how WET her pussy was because the first 10 inches went in within a few minutes. However, the last 5 and half inches proved to be difficult. 

"Ohhhhh Shit! Your dick is Sooooooo Fucking Huge. Fuck me hard, Stud! I want to feel those big Balls slapping against my cunt. Ahhhhhh, I'mmmmm Cummmming, all over your huge dick," Carrie cried.

It took 30 more minutes of hard pussy banging before I managed to stuff all 15+ inches into this slut. Every time I slammed my big cock into her, my huge balls slapped violently against her little tight pussy. When I pulled almost all the way out, until just the tip of the massive cock was inserted. She looked back over her shoulder at me and said, "Slam that elephant sized dick into me while Sam sucks on my clit. Ohhhh Yeah, Fuck Yeah."

As she watched her pussy get pounded, I grabbed her by her hair and slammed all of my massive cock into her in one hard 15 inch thrust.

"OH FUCK, OH FUCK, OH FUCK!!!!!" She screamed over and over.

The Slut than had a massive orgasm on top of Sam's tongue and my fully inserted cock. Carrie's cum oozed out of her snatch and covered Sam's face when I pulled my huge cock out, leaving her swollen pussy lips gaping open. I repeated the long 15 inch strokes a couple of dozen more times then pulled my enormous cock out, turned the dazed slut over and proceeded to completely cover her entire upper body in my jizz. I shot cum in her belly button, nose, mouth, ears, eyes, hair, all over her tits, stomach and face!

Despite the impressive cum load I had deposited on them earlier, the 2 other cum sluts marvelled at the volume of cum on their friend's body. Before collapsing and falling asleep I had one final instruction. 

"Sam and Tanya, help Carrie eat up ALL this cum, you can scoop it up with your fingers and tongues and feed it to her."

Needless to say these 3 cumsluts and Jason have become good friends of mine.