 I would love to attend a party like this one. Would you? Please give me feedback, I've to hear if you like or dislike. RON.

After having been married for five years, Art and Rita were getting totally bored with life and each other. Their day to day life was without change, work, dinner, TV, bed (to sleep), sex twice a week. If that often. There had to be more. One fuck of a lot more. But what was the solution? They would soon find out.

One morning in the mail there was an invitation to a party at a friends house. It was a to a sexy costume party, dance, bring your own bottle, Saturday night. Fun for all.

Rita called Shirley. "Morning dear, we just got your invite to the party, who will be there and what kind of party will it be?"

"Well,, there will be five other couples, three of the couples are swingers." Shirley explained. "Costumes are to be sexy and revealing as possible. We will have a lot of sexy fun, flirting and teasing each other. Some might even go farther, but no one has to do anything that they don't want to."

"You know that I like to flirt, so does Art, but anything else Im not sure." Rita said. "I haven't been with anyone but Art since before we got married. Before him I had enjoyed fucking with a few different men but none since." 

"Nothing can or will happen that you don't want to happen." Shirley told her. "Come and enjoy the evening, you and Art should enjoy yourselves."

After talking it over with Art. They decided it would be nice to go and at least watch and stay with each other, or maybe have a little fun if it felt OK.

She called Shirley back and said they would attend.

Art rented a devil outfit, that fit snugly and showed his muscular body, so tight even his cock and balls showed through the red satin shorts. 

Rita dressed as a cat, black leotards that molded to her shapely body. Every thing showed. Her tits were medium size, nicely shaped, and very firm. She wore no bra or panties so her nipples poked proudly through the thin material, and if you looked close you could make out the hair around her pussy. They both looked very sexy.

Covering their costumes with long coats they left for the party.

When they arrived at the party, five couples were there. Two of the couples they knew and the others they had seen around but never met. All dressed in very revealing costumes.

Shirley, dressed as a Greek goddess in a gown so revealing you could tell that she was bare under it. Her nipples poked out invitingly through the thin material. 

John, as Tarzan in a leopard skin wrapped loosly around his waist.

Bonnie and Roger as Indians, Roger only wore a small loin cloth, that barely covered his prick and leaving his ass bare. Bonnie's loin cloth was mostly fringe, as was her top. Her tits poked out when she moved.

James and Connie were cave people in fur wraps but Connie's top covered only one breast, leaving one pretty tit exposed for all to admire.

Gary and Grace were both dressed as skeletons, black skin tight outfits with white bones painted on them. It was very obvious that they wore nothing under them. Gary's cock was making a bulge and Grace's ample tits showed very well.

Ralph and Sandy, dressed in roman togas that revealed as much as they covered. You could tell they were naked under their togas.

Dancing and drinking, every one mixed, dancing with many different partners. All were enjoying themselves. The drinks were very strong, and the lights were very dim. Most of the men got brave and started feeling up the women as they danced and the women reciprocated. 

Rita was dancing with Roger when he moved one hand to her tit, squeezing it gently. She was shocked at first but it felt nice and since it was just in fun she offered no resistance. He pulled her ass in to rub his now hard cock against her pussy. Getting a little brave she reached under his loin cloth and held his bare cock while they danced and she felt it grow hard in her hand. The first strange cock she had touched in many years. This felt good, she thought. Maybe I will get fucked by someone tonight. Might be fun if Art was willing to go along with it.

With the lights so dim that you could hardly see anyone else. Art reached under Sandy's toga to find her smooth bare behind. Caressing her ass with one hand he felt for her cunt with the other, inserting his finger between it's lips he could feel the moist heat of her body. He hoped that Rita couldn't see him having some fun. He would like some strange pussy.

His cock swelled to it's full length as Sandy unsnapped his fly and let out his cock to play with it, Sandy liked cock, as many different ones as possible. She was going to get fucked by this one tonight, she hoped.

The Greek goddess opened her gown to allow the skeleton, Gary, full access to her lovely body. He took full advantage of the opportunity by lowering his lips to her bare breasts and kissing them. While she rubbed his cock. The party was heading in the right direction. Hopefully, soon someone would do more, and the party will swing.

Grace unzipped her costume, letting it slip off. Kneeling she raised James' fur. Started to give him a blow job. In the middle of the floor with the other couples dancing around them. She wished the lights were a little brighter so the others could see, she liked to be watched while having sex, and liked to watch others fuck.

Ralph's prick was getting hard just dancing with Bonnie, her nipples were rubbing against his chest and her belly was pressed to his. Opening his toga he pulled her to his naked body and yanked off her loin cloth, lifted her up and impaled her pussy with his stiff cock. Still dancing, she settled down on him, allowing it to enter her hot pussy. They fucked. Bonnie had screwed around a few times but had never been to an orgy. Ralph's prick felt so nice in her and it excited her to know that she might get fucked several times by different men tonight. 

Connie wrapped her hand firmly around John's prick. This was the first strange prick she had touched in four years, it felt good to her. Slipping out of her fur wrap, she jacked him off. She could tell by the sounds from around the room that the others were doing more than just dancing. the scent of sex was in the air. She and James had gotten stale lately and after getting invited to this party both agreed to open up to some new adventures. Both had the desire to get fucked tonight.

Rita was getting so very worked up that she wanted to do more than just be fondled, and play with a bare cock. In the dark she bumped into a figure kneeling on the floor. It was a naked woman and giving someone a blow job. Envious of this person she stripped and kneeling started to suck on Roger's hard cock. This prick tasted a little different than Arts but still very good. She wanted to taste some cum. Sucking eagerly at this beautiful stiff prick she got hotter and hotter. The first spirt of hot cum caught her unawares but she swallowed and stayed on this fountain as Roger filled her mouth with his offering. She drained him. With her oral desires fulfilled she wanted more, she wanted a cock deep inside, fucking her. She wanted some hot sex.

Soon every one was sexually active. In the darkness they all switched around to different partners, several times they changed. Nobody was sure of who they were with, but nobody cared. 

Cunts got fucked and eaten, cocks fucked and got sucked, everybody did what they wanted and enjoyed what they did.

Finally the party broke up, well after midnight. Everyone was very well satisfied.

Wearing only their coats over their naked bodies. Art and Rita drove home, not saying a thing but holding hands. Getting into bed together, they kissed. Art getting hard again rolled between her legs and pushed his cock into her pussy, they fucked slow and easy, making love and after a beautiful climax, wrapping together they fell asleep.

Waking first in the morning, Rita went to get a very much needed coffee. Sitting naked at the table, deep in thought she didn't notice Art until his hands grasped her tits from behind.

"Good morning sweets, I'll get a coffee then we better talk." he said. "Did you enjoy last night or not?" Squeezing her tits gently he kissed her cheek and went to get a cup, setting next to her, he took her hand in his. "Well."

"Well,,,I don't know, for sure." Rita told him. "It was different, stranger than anything we've ever done, but at least we did it together." She asked "How do you feel?"

"It was exciting for me, men look at some things different than women do." Art replied. "I liked fucking those other girls but the most exciting thing was knowing that you were getting fucked by somebody at the same time." 

"Did that really turn you on?" She asked. "If it did, you will be glad to hear that it was several somebodies."

"Several? How many? Please tell me about it all." Art begged her and started to play with one of her tits with one hand, holding his now hard prick with the other.

"No, you tell me first." Rita went to her knees. "What all did you do and to who?" and took his prick in her mouth and sucked on it.

"Well,, hon, I started dancing with you, then Bonnie in her Indian outfit that covered nothing let me feel her tits then while dancing with Sandy I fingered her pussy. Did you know she shaves her pussy?

"I was looking for you, to check how far you wanted to go when I saw you go down on Roger's prick." Art continued. "I was shocked at first, then thrilled to watch you sucking on someone else's cock."

"Then going to the floor with Sandy I started to eat her bare pussy. Boy was it nice with no hair to get in the way, maybe you should shave." Art was getting close. "While I was licking Sandy someone started to suck on my prick, I'm not sure who it was. Then I was pushed away from Sandy and someone started to fuck her."

"Switching around in the crowd I had my cock in about ten pussys or mouths, and came three times, twice in cunts and once in a mouth." He groaned. "As I'm cummin in YOURS.."

Art deposited a load of cum in Rita's waiting mouth.

"Now it's your turn." he said. "How many somebodies?"

"The first cock I felt was John's. While we were dancing he was squeezing my tits and I reached for him, his prick got so hard while I played with it. I knew then that I wanted to get fucked by any man in the room."

"When we switched, I was in Roger's arms and hotter than hell. I held his hard cock while he played with my tits."

Rita pushed Art down between her legs. "Eat me, please honey, eat me!" 

"We bumped into Grace giving James a blow job." She sighed. "I stripped and started to suck Roger's stiff cock, while I was sucking Roger, Grace played with my nipples."

"My mouth soon filled with Roger's tasty cum." Rita was enjoying talking about last night. "I wanted to get fucked next. Looking around I saw some man laying on his back, his prick sticking up. His face was covered by a woman sitting on it so I don't know who it was. I lowered my hot cunt to it, eagerly covering this hard cock with my empty pussy. I was fucking myself on it, when a woman stood near my face and put her cunt to my mouth. Her cunt was dripping fresh cum so I licked it clean."

"Oh, oh honey I'm coming." Rita cried, and wrapped her legs around Art's neck. "Your still the best cunt lapper in town." Rita started a series of climaxes that left her totally drained.

Going back to bed they held and kissed each other for a while. Then Art reminded her that she hadn't finished her story and he wanted to hear it all. All about how many cocks she had and if she liked them.

"Only if we fuck while I tell." She said, reaching for his prick and guiding it to her pussy. 

"After I licked that pussy, I sucked two more cocks and had a cock in me four different times. Some one would fuck me a little then switch with someone else. Two cocks came in my pussy and one in my mouth."

"I sucked cock three times, had five hard cocks in me, I climaxed too many times to remember." 

"After the men petered out, the women got together in a circle and started to eat each others cunts. I sucked the cum from two more pussys while some of the girls sucked mine."

"That's about all, so now YOU fuck me." she said.

HE DID....