 I was fixing dinner when I heard David pull into the driveway. He had only recently begun working at a large accounting firm. He seemed to really like this place. It was close by, his co-workers were friendly and the pay was good.

David walked in, threw down his briefcase, grabbed me and gave me a long deep kiss. He told me that Mike, one of his co-workers, had invited us to sail on his boat next weekend with his wife Jenny. I had met them both once when we ran into them at a restaurant. Mike was about six feet with dark brown hair. Jenny was about 5'5" with light brown hair. They seemed nice and it would be exciting to be out on a boat for the entire weekend. "Won't this be exciting!" David said. As he grabbed my butt he said, "We've never made love on a boat before." "Just about everywhere else!" I replied.

We started kissing and his hand slipped down from my ass to my leg and up my inner thigh until he could feel my wet swollen lips through my crotchless panties. He slowly finger fucked me while I undid his belt and unzipped his pants. I could feel his cock bulging through his underwear. As I pulled him out he stopped kissing and finger fucking me. He slowly pushed me down to his throbbing cock. I gently stroked and kissed it. Then I ran my tongue along the shaft, teasing him with soft slow licks. I moved slowly downward licking and sucking his balls. He shook with delight. I moved back up and slowly went down on him until the tip of his penis touched the back of my throat. 

"No one gives better bj's then you Kathy," he said. Again, slowly I went up and down, sucking him. I had one hand wrapped around the base of his cock and the other was playing with his balls. He grabbed my head and started pulling it back and forth along his cock. I could tell he was close to having an orgasm. I let go of his testicles and moved my finger towards his asshole. Slowly, I sucked him deeper into my hot mouth as I traced the rim of his asshole with my finger. As I increased the speed and depth of my sucking, I slowly rubbed his hole making him squirm in pleasure. I could feel his cock and ass rising to meet my mouth and finger as he drew closer to an explosive end. I gradually slipped my finger into his hot ass, as my lips drew his thick head into my mouth once more. This was too much for David as he screamed out in pleasure. His hot, sweet cum came squirting into my mouth. I loved the way he tasted. I cautiously pulled away, being careful not to let any of it drip out. I swallowed all of him. Then he pulled me up and gave me a deep kiss. He always liked to kiss me after he had cum in my mouth. I know he loved the taste too!

David and I had been looking forward to our getaway all week. We were to meet Mike and Jenny at the marina at 2:00pm on Friday. I had gone shopping for a few new things. David always liked me to dress provocatively when we went out and I thought this was a great opportunity to buy a few daring things I normally wouldn't buy. I couldn't wait for him to see me model for him.

David came home from work a few hours early. I was already dressed, wearing a tight lilac colored sweater, which buttoned down the front. I had left the top four buttons undone so that my firm bosom showed just enough, not to mention that since I wasn't wearing a bra, my nipples were showing, which would give him an instant hard on. I wore a black mini-skirt with a black lace thong underneath. I wanted to wear my "come fuck me pumps" but since we were going to be on a boat, I decided to wear my black sandals. I looked hot and felt it too!

When we got to the boat slip, Mike saw us and waved to us. Just then Jenny came walking up wearing a neon yellow bikini. Her skin was golden brown and glistened as if she had just rubbed oil on herself. I had to admit she had a great body.

Mike helped me onto the boat first, kissing me on the cheek. Then Jenny took my hand and said, "Here, I'll show you around." After showing me around on deck, we proceeded to the cabin below. She told me it slept four comfortably. The look in her eyes, showed me perhaps she knew that from first hand experience. The master cabin had a king-size bed with mirrors on the ceiling. Adjacent to that was the master bath, with a shower big enough for two. She then lead me into the other bedroom where David and I would be staying. It was smaller, with a queen-size bed and a small bathroom next to it.

Jenny offered to help me unpack. As I pulled out my bathing suits she picked up my thong bikini. "I bet you look great in this!" she said. I gave an awkward giggle. She helped me put my things away and suggested I put the bikini on and since it was still warm outside, we could sunbathe. I agreed. She just sat there staring at me. I could feel that she wanted to watch me undress. I felt a little uneasy, but started unbuttoning my sweater. "You have great nipples," she said. "I bet David loves sucking them!" I was speechless. I had never had a woman speak to me like this. Jenny offered me assistance in putting on my top. I then unzipped my skirt and pulled it off along with my panties. She smiled, sheepishly, when she saw my hairy little pussy. I quickly pulled on my bikini bottom.

When we went back up on deck, I was surprised that we were already out of the marina and heading into the ocean. David, immediately stopped talking to Mike, walked over to me and gave me a long, wet kiss. Squeezing my ass and then gently pulling the back of my thong up my ass. Embarrassed, I carefully pushed him away and could see both Mike and Jenny smiling at us from a few feet away. 

While David and Mike discussed sailing and boats, Jen and I sunbathed. It wasn't long before she called Mike over to put some lotion on for her. As she removed her top, she smiled at me and said she hated tan lines. Mike poured lotion into his hands and cautiously rubbed it all over her breasts, teasing her by squeezing her nipples.

After about half an hour, Jenny turned over and asked if I would rub lotion on her back. I agreed and started to rub it all over her back, down the curve of her spine until I reached her butt. I hesitated, but kept going, rubbing the warm liquid all over her tight ass. I could tell this was arousing her a little. She then told me to lie down on my stomach and she would put some on me. Her hands were soft and warm. As she massaged the lotion into my skin she let her finger slip down between my legs and under my thong. I flinched a little. She took her finger away for a few seconds, but then did the same thing again. I couldn't believe she was doing this, but at the same time I was getting wet! She then pulled back and went back to her chair.

About a half an hour later we got up and went down to change for dinner. Jenny insisted that I use her shower. I had only been in a minute or two when she walked in wearing only a lovely smile. I was envious of her body. The shape of her breasts, the darkness of her nipples, her tight ass and her shaven pussy. I couldn't help but stare and she did the same. At that moment, without taking her eyes off mine, she stepped into the shower. She ran her hand gently through my hair and then leaned forward giving me a long, deep kiss. At first I just stood there, but then found myself kissing her back. She stood back admiring me and smiled. I was in shock. Part of me wanted to run away, but the other part wanted to stay and explore these new feelings. I needed to see what else she had planned for me! I had never been with a woman before. David and I had joked about it, but I never thought I could be with one…until now. Jen squeezed the shampoo bottle into her hand and started washing my hair. My head tingled at her touch. As I leaned back to rinse the soap out, she put both of her hands on my tits. She caressed them at first then leaned over and started sucking each one. I couldn't believe it! I could feel my pussy pulsating and I could tell that I was very wet.

"May I shave you?," she asked. I said yes without hesitating. She reached for the soap and razor and then got down on her knees. At first she played with my hairs and then ran her fingers down to my already bulging lips. She carefully ran her fingertip across one side and then another. She started lathering her hands with the soap and then slowly applied it to me. She very delicately began to shave. As she trimmed me with one hand she would sometimes use the fingers of her other hand to tease me.

She finished, looking up at me and said, "I think I better test it now." "Yes, please do." "Yes, Yes that's it! Eat my pussy I whispered." She took her finger and started fucking me while she grabbed my nipples. I couldn't hold back. I climaxed into her warm mouth. It was fantastic! I had had orgasms hundreds of times before, but this one was incredibly intense, different somehow and I knew that I wanted more.

I pulled Jenny up and kissed her. I could taste my juices on her hot lips. I caressed her tits and ran my tongue across her right nipple. I began sucking it while playing with her left nipple, noticing how her tits grew harder still, as I enjoyed sucking them. I had always wondered what it would be like to touch and suck another woman's breasts. Now I knew! I slowly ran my tongue down her stomach, while my hands rubbed her back and down to her tight ass. I took my finger, licked it and then began playing with her flowering lips. She was incredibly wet, and it wasn't from the shower. I looked up at her, meeting her eyes. I slowly stuck out my tongue and began licking her pussy. She tasted so sweet and her juices were warm. I wanted to know what she felt like inside. Carefully, I stuck one finger inside her tight pussy. I could feel her tighten around my finger. I then slipped in another finger. I began fucking her, making her squeal with delight. "I'm going to come." she said. I quickly pulled my fingers out and began sucking her. I had to taste her. Soon I could feel her sugary juices dripping down my throat. I now knew why David loved doing that to me.

We dressed for dinner and went up on deck. As we walked towards David and Mike, they began to smile. They obviously knew what had taken place and were extremely horny.

Mike and David had prepared dinner. The entrée was fish, which Mike had caught earlier in the day. The meal was quite delicious and the conversation flowed with ease.

After cleaning up the dishes, David and I gazed out at the black open sea. Besides the lights on our boat, the only other light was from the stars. David reached down drawing me close to him and kissing me softly. "Are you having a good time?" he asked. "Can't you tell?" I replied. We laughed and began kissing again. He ran his hands down and cupped my breasts. " I love the way your nipples show through," he said smiling. I ran my hand down his chest and down to his shorts where I could feel his cock swelling. He in turn ran his hand down my back, across my ass and then between my legs. As he ran his hand up under my dress he could feel that I was wearing nothing but a very wet pussy.

He whispered into my ear that we were being watched. I looked over and there were Mike and Jenny smiling at us. I had never been watched before. At least not that I knew of. "Do you want me to stop?," David asked. "No, I want them to watch us.," I said. I began to unbutton, then unzip David's shorts. I could feel him getting harder. He had always said I was the best when it came to oral sex. Now I had an audience and maybe they would agree.

I began by running my tongue up and down the throbbing shaft. Teasing him with my tongue. I sucked his head and then took all of him in my mouth. He always liked to fuck my mouth. He liked the feeling when he touched the back of my throat. I was only able to suck him for a few minutes before he pulled away. I knew he did not want to explode just yet.

He pulled me up and turned me around in one smooth movement. He ran his hands across my ass and down between my legs feeling the heat emanating from my moist lips. David leaned forward and whispered, " You are dripping wet. "You must like to be watched." "Do you want me to fuck you with them watching?" he asked. "Yes, please!" I begged. He entered me deliberately. David loved the feeling of me squeezing him as he went deeper into me. The feeling of him entering me from behind was sensational.

I could see a shadow to my left. When I turned, I saw that Mike and Jenny were only a few feet away. I guess they had wanted a closer look. David then turned his head and could also see them. Jenny was leaning back against Mike's chest. She was wearing a very low cut V-neck dress. Mike had pulled her breasts out and was massaging them.

I could tell that David was more excited than ever and would not last long. He began to penetrate me deeper and faster. "I'm going to cum!" I screamed. "Now Kathy, cum now," David said. I felt light-headed. My pussy was throbbing and then I felt him explode into me. "You felt unbelievable." He said. He was still in me when we both turned our heads and saw our friends still watching, smiling. We felt embarrassed at that moment and David pulled away. Then something came over me. I felt totally uninhibited. I knelt down and began cleaning him off by sucking him again for about a minute. I then pulled myself back up. David was pulling on his shorts when I walked over to Jenny and gave her a kiss on the mouth. I said goodnight and then walked over to Mike and did the same thing, letting my hand drift down to his cock as I let him go. I turned around, grabbed David's hand and led him down to our cabin. Throughout the night we made loud, passionate love. I know Mike and Jenny were doing the same because listening to them was turning us on even more.

The next morning we got up, took a shower and went up to have breakfast. We all carried on a normal conversation as if nothing unusual had happened the night before. Well, maybe it wasn't unusual for them I thought. But, it certainly wasn't what David and I were used to.

We were planning another relaxing day. David and Mike would fish and Mike would show David some more sailing techniques while Jenny and I sunbathed. Jenny and I both removed our cover-ups to reveal thong bikinis. Hers was white which looked fantastic against her dark brown body. Mine was black and made me feel incredibly sexy.

Jenny immediately removed her top and squeezed her tits. She asked me to rub lotion on her. When I had finished, I told her it was her turn now. I removed my top and handed her the lotion. I could feel David and Mike watching as she massaged the oil into my skin.

About half an hour later Mike came over and asked if we were enjoying the sun. "We would enjoy it more if we had something warm to drink." Jen said smiling. With that Mike pulled his fully erect cock out of his swim trunks. She raised herself up and began sucking him. David stood behind them and looked on. "Would you like a drink too Kathy?" Mike asked. I looked over at David who smiled and was shaking his head yes. I got up from my chair and went over and sat next to Jenny. She pulled away and said, "Let me see you suck him like you did to David last night."

He was not as big as David was and I knew he would be easy to go down on. It had been a long time since I had another man's cock in my mouth. It felt good but not as pleasing. David fit my mouth perfectly. I pulled away and Jenny continued. I glanced over at David standing nearby. He was touching himself through his swimsuit . I turned back to Mike and started sucking his balls, as Jen continued sucking his cock. Mike pulled away and began masturbating over us. Our mouths were open, waiting for him to explode in them. Our wish was granted. A warm stream of cum came squirting into our mouths. When he was through, Jen and I looked at each other and then gave a long deep kiss, passing his cum back and forth between us.

Jen pushed me down gently on the deck. She spread my legs apart and began licking me. I couldn't believe this was happening. This was a fantasy that I had actually thought about but never thought would really happen. She continued eating me as Mike joined in. Wow, two people were taking turns o me. David walked over and knelt down next to my head. His trunks were shed and his huge cock was fully erect in front of my face. I opened my mouth for him to enter. I sucked him while Mike and Jen continued to suck and finger fuck my pussy. Then Jenny came over and started licking and sucking David's balls as he fucked my mouth. I pulled away wanting to watch Jen go down on him. I watched her suck his cock as Mike licked my lips as if it were his last meal. It was so overwhelming that I came with a shudder! When David heard my screams of ecstasy, he could no longer wait and he came in Jenny's mouth. Jenny and I took turns licking his cock clean, kissing each other slowly as we journeyed up and down his rod.

I lay down and pulled Jen with me. At first we rubbed our pussies together and played with each other's tits. Then I pulled her up and had her sit on my face. I ran my tongue across her lips and then inside her pussy. I could see David sucking on one breast and Mike on the other. I wanted to taste her sweet juices again just as I had yesterday in the shower. Again my wish was granted. She came in my mouth and it made me hornier than ever!

"I need a cock!" I shouted. Mike came over to me and told me to get on all fours. I did as he commanded. My pussy was dripping. He entered me from behind, slowly pumping his cock in and out of my saturated pussy. It had been a long time since anyone other than David had been in me. As I began to move, grinding my ass slowly in rhythm with Mike's thrusting cock, I felt David's familiar tongue on my pussy lips. He had slid underneath me and was licking me as only he could do, as Mike pounded away. As Mike would slide into me spreading my lips, David would lick my clit ever so gently. Mike, seeing my increasingly wild gyrations as I my passion inflamed, rammed me harder. As he did so David would occasionally end up licking Mike's glistening shaft as it slipped in and out. Neither him nor Mike seemed to mind as they were both caught up in the moment and all inhibitions seem to be lost.

Jenny was feeling a bit left out seeing the three of us entangled in a web of lust. She cried out "What about me guys?" With that David slid out from beneath me walked over to Jenny, sliding his hands gently up and down her curves. He then turned her around and began fucking her from behind. It took several seconds, but soon we were in rhythm with each other. Side by side, the two of us girls getting fucked by each other's guy. I could see the expression on David's face. He was enjoying this very much. I knew he was close to coming . "Yes, David cum. Pull out and cum all over her hot little ass!" He immediately pulled out and I could see his hot load squirt all over her ass and dripping down her crack into her pussy. I wanted to lap it up but I was enjoying Mike too much. "Yes, fuck me, fuck me harder!" I screamed. He thrust harder and deeper, and then he pulled out and I could feel him coming all over my ass and slapping my butt with his cock.

We all lay down on the deck and rested for a while touching each other. After a bit we all got up and went down to shower and change. We spent the rest of the day talking and just enjoying the open seas. We spent the rest of the night fucking!

Sunday morning we got up, had breakfast and relaxed. We were all too tired to do anything else! Around noon we sailed back into the marina. As David and I were leaving I walked over and gave Mike and Jenny long and penetrating kisses, thanking them for an unbelievable weekend before climbing back up onto the pier. David kissed Jenny and shook Mike's hand. Mike told him that we were welcome to sail with them anytime. "I think we might take you up on that offer," David said, and walked away.