 Friday night. Two guys. One girl. This could only mean a great evening.

Chris and Rob came over around 6. We went out to dinner and then back to my place to relax and party.

That night I was dressed to thrill. Black dress barely covering my tight ass. No underwear or bra. Mea Culpa suede Louboutin pumps. Both guys wore black suits with red ties. I poured each three fingers of scotch.

Chris and Rob were sitting together on the couch. I hand them each a drink and sit across the room in a leather chair. "Well guys, I think tonight is going to be a great evening. After you suck each other off I am your Cum Whore for the night."

"Oh really" said Chris. "I can't wait to pop a load in that ass of yours Jane. You have such a nice ass." Chris loosened his tie. "Take off your dress, I want to see your body whore."

I stood up and took off my dress, leaving me naked save for high heels. "Turn around whore" Chris said from the couch. I did as requested. "Bend over." Bending over the chair I braced myself on the arm. "Very nice view, don't you think Rob?"

Rob got up and walked over. "It is better up close." He reached down to feel my pussy. "Ooh, she is already getting a bit wet. This is going to be fun." He licked his finger and then smacked my round ass cheek. "Sit down and watch you little whore." 

Rob walked back over and stood in front of Chris. Chris looks over at me. "Go get a butt plug and lube. I want you ready to go when I want to fuck you." I run to my bedroom to retrieve the items. When I return Rob is naked from the waist down. Damn I want his Cock. Rigid and stiff, fully 6.5" of pure magic. Chris put his hand out and motions me over.

After handing the items to Chris I wait. He applies lube to the phallus. "Turn around whore." I do as he says. Chris applies more lube to his fingers and massages it around my anus. He then fully inserts the plug into my trained hole. He spanks me with a loud whack. "Sit and enjoy the show."

Chris, still fully clothed, waits for me to get comfortable on my chair. He then starts sucking Rob's cock. He goes in fast, plunging his mouth down to the base of Rob's member. He starts to fuck the cock with his mouth. Up and down at a steady pace. Rob grabs a handful of hair and starts to thrust against Chris's face. I am getting wet watching their action.

Rob's body begins to tense. Chris slurps and gags deepthroating Rob's cock. Rob's ass cheeks tighten and his hips become rigid. I see his leg muscles tighten. He is cumming in Chris's mouth. 

"I want his cum," I say. Chris slides his mouth off the shaft, leaving a mixture of cum and spit on Rob. I am so jealous of Chris. I walk over, plug still deep in my ass. I bend over and begin to kiss Chris. I force my tongue into his mouth. I taste the cum/spit mixture. Chris shares it with me. I greedily take all I can from his mouth and swallow it down.

The taste of cum awakens me further. I need more cum and I need it soon. My hand reaches down to stroke Chris though the thin fabric of his slacks. I want his Cock. I want to taste it now. "Please give me your Cock. I want your cum in my mouth."

Rob sits down next to Chris. I kneel down. Chris unbuttons and unzips his pants. He pulls out his glorious member. The head is purple and swollen. The skin of the shaft flushed bright red. After a few strokes he squeezes and a perfect drop of precum emerges from the tip.

I kneel down. My tongue licks the tip so I can taste him. I swirl my tongue around the head. His skin is hot and has a salty taste. My pussy reacts. I feel the ache of need. I reach down and easily slide a finger into my wetness. At the same time my mouth closes on his Cock. My head races with lust. I can't wait to have both of these men penetrating me and filling me up.

I take him into my mouth. Deeper and deeper. I can feel him in my throat. I gag. My eyes begin to water. His hands hold me down on his cock. Deep down. I have all of him in my whore mouth. I need more. My free hand reaches out, hunting for more cock. Rob is there to my left. I want to feel his cock.

Chris allows my head up. I gasp and choke. My spit runs freely down his Cock. I lick it off. My hand closes around Rob's flaccid dick. I need it to be hard again. I pump it furiously. My hand bobs up and down. Each thrust of Chris deep into my throat gags me. 

Rob's cock begins to stiffen for me. I feel it grow in my hand. Chris's Cock is heavy with lust. His balls tense to give me the cum I need. I cannot get him deep enough into my mouth. I feel a hot jet of fluid slam into my throat. Another quickly follows. The taste. Oh Goddess the taste. I'm in heaven. I swallow it all down still wanting more. 

Chris's body goes limp. I keep his cock in my mouth and continue to pump it with my lips until he grows soft. I stand up and smile. My hand still fingers my pussy. I pull my fingers out and stick them deep in my mouth. I'm a cum whore who loves to taste my own juices.

Rob's cock is ready. I straddle him. I slowly lower my wet box onto his thick shaft. He is rock hard. The combination of his Cock in my pussy and the plug in my ass is pure bliss. I start to raise and lower my hips. He moves in and out like a piston. A wet slick piston of ecstasy. My body begins to feel warm. Like an inner furnace that is fueled with cum. I begin to buck faster. I want his Cock to cum in me. 

Chris is watching with interest. He is stroking his soft Cock. It begins to stiffen again as he watches me fuck with abandon. He stands up. "Time for us both to fill you up whore."

I stop moving as he positions himself behind me. He slowly pulls the plug from my ass. He tosses it aside. He applies lube to his Cock and more to my ass. Rob is biting my tit, making it hurt under his teeth. He leans back. He takes one nipple in each hand. He squeezes it between two fingers. "Now" he says. 

He pinches them hard. Reflex makes me gasp and back away. That backs my ass against Chris. At the same moment he pushes forward and fills my tight pink hole with his Cock. Oh fuck I think. OH FUCK. I feel like I'm losing the ability to speak. My limbs are like liquid. All i can focus on is feeding my cum furnace. I have two glorious Cocks fucking me into oblivion.

They work in unison. Rob thrusts deep into my pussy are the Yin to the Yang of Chris's member filling my asshole. It feels like they are rubbing together inside of me. I never wants this to end. Chris is groaning already. His Cock throbbing to the beat of his heart as it stretches my anal passage.

Chris grabs my hips. He pushes full and deep into me. My eyes roll back in my head. My pussy and asshole both hunger for more. My nipples sting from the constant pinching and grabbing. I feel a hot explosion from deep in my ass. Chris is filling me with his second load of cum. That is too much for me.

Chris pulls out and literally drops to the floor behind us. I buck like a fucking cowgirl on Rob's Cock. I know he is ready to cum. I feel Chris's cum oozing out of my ass and running down over Rob's Cock and balls. I begin to shake in orgasm. I black out and feel like I'm floating in pure black nothing. Another load of cum explodes in my pussy. I cannot take anymore.

I collapse on top of Rob. His cum dribbles out of my pussy to coat his already slick Cock. I crawl off of him. His Cock is covered in pussy juice and cum from both he and Chris. "Clean me up cum whore." he says. 

"Gladly" I reply.

I lean down and lick him clean. Balls, shaft, even what was running down to his asshole. I am a hungry cum whore. I don't want any wasted. Rob runs his hand through my hair. "I love you Jane." he whispers. I see Chris is already falling asleep, still laying where he dropped to floor. 

"I love you guys" I tell them both. I crawl down next to Chris to cuddle. Moments later Rob spoons in behind me. I feel his soft dick against the cleft of my raw gaping ass. I am still wet with cum and my own juices.

Chris kisses me softly on the mouth. He wraps a hand around me, resting it on Rob's hip. Rob whispers "Take a nap cum whore, you earned some rest." As I drift off to sleep my thoughts are still on the dick pressed to my backside. I can't wait to have it in me again.