 Chapter 3: Satisfying All Cummers

Mike and Karen lay in bed, enjoying the morning glow from a night, and morning, of great orgasms. Mike got up and walked to the bathroom. Karen watched his muscular frame move from the bed and shook her head at her luck. 

She began to get dressed, and after Mike had done the same they walked out to his car so that he could take her home. Karen spent the ride leaning over kissing Mike all over his neck and ear. As they pulled into Karen's driveway, Mike put the car in park and turned off the engine.

"Thanks for an amazing night," Mike said, kissing Karen on the cheek.

"Thank you, Mike. It was amazing. And so was this," she said, playfully grabbing Mike's crotch over his shorts. She was surprised to find he was rock hard. She could not believe it. This guy was unbelievable. She could not remove her hand. She looked up to Mike in amazement, and he just smiled at her. "There's more?" she asked incredulously.

"I think there's plenty more for you," Mike said, letting his hand stroke the inside of her thigh.

"Oh my God. Take it out, Mike," Karen whispered. "Take it out for me, please."

Mike reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped his fly. He had not bothered to put on any boxers and he reached into his shorts and pulled his hard dick out, holding it in his fist. Karen moaned. "Stroke it. Stroke it for me, Mike. I want to watch your powerful hands run over that amazing cock. Jack yourself for me, Mike." Mike was happy to oblige as he began running his hand up and down the length of his cock. Karen brushed her hair around to one side and leaned down until her head was just inches from Mike's pulsing cockhead. She did not want to miss a minute of this. Mike groaned as he felt Karen's warm breath roll over his dick. 

His pace began to increase, as he felt the familiar surge wash through his body. Karen watched as drops of pre-cum began to ooze from the slit at the top of Mike's massive cockhead. Her tongue, almost involuntarily, reached out to lick the clear fluid away. "Oh, yes. That's it. Jack it, Mike. Cum for me. Please, make yourself shoot that precious load for me, Mike. I need it. I need you to shoot your cum all over my face, my mouth. Cum for me, Mike."

Mike was close to taking care of Karen's request. He felt his balls begin to tighten, as the cum began to surge up his swollen shaft. He ran his hand up and down his cock quickly two or three more times and then felt his body tighten. He squeezed his cock at the base as his orgasm hit him. Karen, breathless, watched as his cockhead grew even larger. Mike groaned. Karen knew he was cumming, and waited for the load she knew was imminent. Mike groaned and shook for what seemed like minutes before finally releasing his cock. The cum he had squeezed off now surged up his shaft as if it had been shot out of a cannon. It exploded in a blast which shot from his cock and hit Karen's open mouth with an intensity neither had ever experienced. 

"OHHHHHH!!!!!" Karen screamed as Mike's cock began shooting torrents of cum all over her lips and chin. She leaned down and took his still shooting cock into her mouth, feeling the warm cum flood her mouth. She greedily sucked Mike off, letting her tongue twirl all over his cock, licking up every drop of cum he released. She felt the flow of cum subside and Mike's cock, finally it seemed, began to soften in between her soft lips. She cleaned the rest of the cum off of his cock and then sat up, licking what cum she could reach off of her lips. She looked at Mike with a smile and a glazed look in her eyes. "Call me," she whispered with a wink, and stepped out of the car, knowing full well that a ribbon of Mike's thick, white semen clung to her chin. Mike sat gasping for air as he watched in disbelief as this amazing cocksucker walked from his car. After watching her wave and then walk into the house, Mike collected himself, stuffed his cock back into his shorts, and drove home.

***

Karen walked into the house and almost knocked into Christy, her roommate. "Oh, Karen, sorry," Christy said. Then she looked at her beautiful roommate and began to laugh. "Wow. What got into you? Or should I say on you?" She asked taking in the sight of her roommate who stood with the most satisfied look on her face and a stream of cum coating her chin. Christy reached up and let her finger rub the cum off Karen's chin and then put her fingers to her lips and licked the thick semen off her fingers. "Mmmmmm. Yummy. Do tell!!"

Karen just sighed, smiling as she went and fell on the couch. "Christy, I've found him. I've found the man put on earth to satisfy me." She looked up at her roommate who walked over to the recliner across from her. She took Christy in as she moved across the room. Christy was a knockout, herself. She was wearing a pair of men's boxers which showed off her long tanned legs. She had a ribbed tank top that had to have been three sizes too small which barely concealed her enormous breasts. Christy's breasts were even bigger and fuller than Karen's, measuring at least a 42DDD. They stretched her top to the limit, and caused it to rise up to reveal her flat, toned stomach. To top it off, Christy was almost a twin sister of Karen, with beautiful blue eyes and blonde hair. After Christy got settled, Karen filled her in on the details, knowing her roommate would appreciate Mike's talents as much as Karen did.

***

Karen struggled to get through the rest of the day. She could not stop thinking of Mike, or rather, a certain part of Mike. She had retreated to the bathroom twice during the day to finger herself to powerful orgasms as she remembered the feel of Mike's cum splashing over her body. She jumped when the phone rang around 4pm. "Hello?"

"Karen, it's Mike."

"Hey!" Karen said, not caring whether she showed too much enthusiasm too early or not.

"I know this is kind of quick, but I'd really like to see you again tonight," Mike said.

"I'd love that, Mike. Why don't you come by around 8:30?"

"Great. See you then."

Karen hung up the phone. "Christy!!" she yelled. "I've got an idea." She smiled as she climbed the stairs to her roommates room.

***

Mike pulled up to Karen's house and knocked on the door. It opened to reveal a figure Mike was unprepared for. Christy stood in the doorway wearing only a towel. The towel was wrapped tight around her massive rack, pushing her breasts together and revealing a tremendous cleavage. Because of the size of her tits, the towel hung away from her body and just barely covered her already twinging pussy. "Hi!" She said, smiling at Mike's surprised look. 

"Uh, hey." Mike managed to say, still taking in the sight before him and feeling his cock grow to full attention in his jeans. It had been hard most of the day while thinking of Karen, but Christy's image caused it to grow even more.

"You must be Mike. I'm Christy. I've heard a lot about you." Christy cooed with a mischievious smile. She glanced down at Mike's crotch and had to contain herself when she eyed the massive bulge. "Well, come on in. Karen's still in the shower, because I took too long."

Mike walked in and closed the door and then followed Christy into the house, watching her tight ass sway beneath the towel, which did not fully cover the bottom of her perfect cheeks and revealed legs as amazing as Karen's.

"Want a drink, Mike?" Christy asked over her shoulder.

"Uh, yeah. That'd be great."

"Great. Go ahead and make yourself comfortable." Christy said as she turned into the kitchen. Mike sat on the couch and shook his head. This was amazing.

Christy came back in with a beer. "Here you go," she said as she leaned down to hand him the beer. As she did her tits swayed forward. The loosed not Christy had tied in the towel could no longer contain her breasts and her towel fell open. As she stood up, it quickly slid from her body, leaving her standing stark naked in front of Mike. Mike just stared at the amazing figure in front of him. Christy's amazing tits stood proudly from her chest, and he let his gaze slide down her tanned body to her tightly trimmed pussy and amazing legs.

"Oh, my!" Christy said, but she did not make a move to grab the towel. Instead she made a weak attempt to cover herself with her arms, which would have been impossible even if she had wanted to, which she didn't. "I'm sorry Mike. I'm so clumsy," she purred. 

"Uh, that's ok. No problem. It's actually my pleasure," Mike said.

"Really. Ooooh. It looks like you did get some pleasure from that," Christy cooed as she stared at the huge tent in Mike's jeans. Christy leaned back down and reached straight for Mike's cock, which felt as big and hard as Karen had described. She could feel her cunt dripping already. Her position leaning down as she was caused her breasts to hang directly in Mike's face. He stared at them. "Go ahead. Feel them, Mike." 

Mike just stared. "No, I really shouldn't. I mean - Karen."

"It's ok, Mike. Just a touch won't hurt," Christy purred, her mouth inches from Mike's ear. Her hand began deftly undoing his jeans button and then his fly. In no time, she had her hand inside his boxers and wrapped, to the extent she could, around his massive cock. "Oh, my god. It's even bigger than Karen descibed," Christy moaned as she pulled Mike's cock into the open. She immediately dropped to her knees and stared at the throbbing member in her hands. She was in awe. Karen was right. Mike was the answer to their needs. But there was one more need she needed to realize for herself, she though as she pulled down Mike's pants and boxers to reveal his large ball sack. She almost had an orgasm just looking at those balls which contained the glorious load Karen had gone on and on about.

Mike just stared as this incredible beauty kneeled before him, her enormous breasts pressed up and together from the seat of the couch, as her hand ran up and down his thighs, getting closer and closer to his throbbing cock which was now oozing pre-cum. His mind was whirling. Where was Karen? What would she say? He had just met her, and this would be a pretty bad beginning, wouldn't it? But how could he stop this? He couldn't, he realized, as Christy's hands curled around his dick and slid up his shaft. One of her hands slid down and cupped his heavy balls.

"Christy, we really shouldn't. I mean . . ."

"It's ok, Mike." Mike looked up and his jaw dropped. Karen stood a few feet away in a tiny teddy which barely covered her tits and did not cover anything else. He drank in her incredible body as she smiled at him. "I told Christy all about you, and we share everything. I want you to share that amazing cock with her," she said, as her hands ran over her body. One of her hands lingered at her crotch and she sat down in the recliner across from Mike, spreading her legs, letting one drop over each arm of the chair. Her freshly shaved pussy glistened in front of Mike. "Go ahead and enjoy. I know I will. And I think you'll like Christy's attention."

Mike stared at her pussy as Karen let a couple of fingers begin to massage her swollen cunt lips and flick over her growing clit. Then he looked down at Christy, who winked just before lowering her head onto his cock, which was now harder then he could ever remember. Both of them moaned as Christy slowly lowered her head down the incredible meat in her mouth. She felt the huge head push against her throat and then slide down it as she finally nuzzled her nose into his hair. Mike groaned again and looked back up to see Karen frantically fingering her pussy. 

"Yes!! Does that feel good, Mike? Does Christy's mouth feel good on that huge, hard cock of yours? Can you feel her warm mouth covering every inch of you? Fuck her mouth, Mike. Pump your hard cock between her lips. Cum for her, Mike. Fill her with that massive load of yours. Yes, Mike. Oh, God. I'm going to cum just watching you. Yes, Mike!!! Cum for us!! OHHH!!! YESS!!! I'M CUMMING, MIKE!!! I'M CUMMING!!!!" 

Mike watched as Karen's whole amazing body shook from head to toe and her fingers became coated with her juices. Meanwhile, Christy had pulled her mouth from Mike's cock and now had her enormous, pillowy mounds squeezed around Mike's huge cock, bouncing her tits up and down his shaft. She smiled up at him.

"Your turn, Mike. Cum for me. Cum all over these huge tits," she purred. Her hair was falling all around her face as she picked up the pace of her incredible tit fuck. Karen, coming down from her huge orgasm, got up and came over to sit next to Mike on the couch. She ripped off her teddy and pressed her tits to Mike's face. 

"Suck on my tits, Mike. Suck on them and blow your load all over Christy's," she moaned. 

Mike greedily sucked on Karen's tits and reached between her legs and began fingering her soaking cunt. This was all too much for Mike. He could feel his balls tighten. He managed to pull his mouth from Karen's tits just long enough to scream, "I'M CUMMMMMING!!!!"

Christy bounced one more time up and down Mike's incredible shaft as she felt it swell and then squeezed her tits around it, allowing only the huge head to stick out from the top of her cleavage. She looked down, as did Karen and Mike as the fist blast of cum shot from Mike's cock and hit Christy square on the chin, before dropping back onto her tits. Then the geyser came. Mike's cock began shooting rope after thick rope all over Christy's face, mouth, nose, and tits. "OOOOHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!" Christy screamed as she felt a powerful orgasm rip through her and she shuddered in both orgasmic bliss and sheer amazement at the torrent of cum which now covered her. 

Mike's flow finally subsided. Christy was absolutely bathed in thick white cum. She sat there in ecstasy. 

"Oh, God. Mike, that was incredible," Karen whispered as she moved down and kissed him. Then she turned and kissed Christy, tasting the incredible semen covering her roommates lips. She began to greedily lick up the huge load from Christy's body. Mike couldn't get over the sight. As he watched the girls clean themselves, his dick began to harden. Karen eyed this, and turned her head slightly. "Christy and Mike, I think we're just getting started."