 It was a phone call I will never forget. 

“My name is Jennifer. I’m trying to arrange a special gift for our mutual friend Anna, and I’d like you to help me,” said a wondrously sensuous female voice over the phone. Just her tone of voice made me tingle.

Anna is an online friend of mine. I met her one evening in a chat room and we have since chatted online many times. She is a sweet, fun loving, achingly erotic woman. Jennifer is a friend of Anna’s -- a very, very close friend. They have enjoyed each other’s moisture.

I sat and listened in amazement and disbelief as Jennifer explained her plan in detail. I couldn’t believe that I was being asked to participate. I also couldn’t say no.

On the day of Anna’s gift, I headed to downtown Cincinnati, and began searching for the perfect hotel room. I went to 3 of the nicest hotels in Cincy and looked at several rooms in each. I finally found just the perfect room. It was beautifully decorated and had all the necessary amenities…a hot tub, mini-bar, king-size bed, loads of space, amazing view of the city, and, most important of all, a closet whose doors opened up at just the right angle.

I called Jennifer and told her the name of the hotel and the room number. It was now 4:00 and they would be arriving at 7:00. Time to prepare the room. 

I placed candles all over. There were 30 candles in all, of various shapes, sizes and scents, they were on the dressers, the night stands, the windowsill.  Every flat surface in the room had a candle. I covered the bed with rose petals and made a trail of rose petals that led from the door to the hot tub and then to the bed. I set up the portable CD player with the CDs I made with all of Anna’s favorite songs.  I finished up the preparations by chilling several bottles of fine wine.

Then I waited.

At 6:45, it was time for final preparations. I lit all the candles and turned out the lights. The candles filled the room with a warm, gentle, caressing glow. Then I got into the closet, leaving the door propped open just a bit, and I waited. 

My time standing there in a dark closet gave me a moment to reflect on what was about to happen. At any moment, two young women would walk through the door of the room. I had never actually met either of them in person. I didn’t even know what they looked like. I felt so odd sitting there, waiting in a closet like that. But from the way my heart was pounding, I knew I was waiting for something truly extraordinary.

At 7:02, I heard someone fumbling with the lock to the room, then I heard the door opening and suddenly the room erupted with tipsy giggles and then gasps and oohs and ahhs.

“It’s perfect!” exclaimed one of them, her voice filled with joy.

I heard some fumbling with coats and then suddenly they came into view. I almost fell over. Two twenty-something knock-your-socks-off beauties strolled hand-in-hand through the hotel room, cooing over the rose petals, the candles, and of course, each other. 

At first, I wasn’t quite sure which was Jennifer and which was Anna, but then one of them casually turned in the direction of the closet and winked. I smiled back at Jennifer, my fellow conspirator, even though she couldn’t see me. Anna remained blissfully unaware of what was about to happen.

The ladies took a few moments to settle into the room, and then Jennifer sashayed up to her lover, took her hands and said “Let’s dance.” They both smiled.

Jennifer pressed play on the CD player and the room was filled with the sound of “Let’s Make Love,” by Tim McGraw and Faith Hill. Anna’s eyes widened as soon as it started and she cooed “I love this song.”

Their bodies melted together. Their arms embraced each other eagerly, gently, firmly, lovingly as their bodies pressed together in an embrace that only lovers use…their breasts pressed firmly into each other, their bellies and hips held tight together. 


I dreamed of the scent that must be right there between their hips -- the incredible aroma of two excited women. I wondered if they were aware that their clits were nearly against each other. I had to stop myself from reaching into my pants. 

They gazed into each other’s eyes with wonder and amazement as they slowly swayed back and forth to the music. I watched as their lips met very gently in first one kiss, then another, then another. Then the tiny kisses became one long kiss. Their lips danced with the same urgent, needy grace as their bodies.

I watched as Jennifer released her grasp on Anna, then slipped around behind her. Jennifer faced Anna directly toward the closet. For a moment, I was worried she could see me, but it became obvious that Anna could think of nothing but the passion she was sharing with her friend.

Jennifer slowly unzipped Anna’s dress, planting kisses all down her spine as the zipper was lowered. Jennifer gently slid the dress down Anna’s body and helped her step out of it. Anna stood there in her lingerie looking like a Victoria’s Secret model. Jennifer made sure that I had the perfect view -- I couldn’t believe I was watching this.

Jennifer released the bra that held in Anna’s breasts. It popped forward and Anna shook it off her arms with a giggle. Her breasts were magnificent to behold -- large and cushiony with delicious-looking light pink nipples at their tips.  

Then Jennifer hooked a finger into Anna’s panties and slowwwwwwwwwwwly pulled them down her legs. Jennifer’s tongue followed the top edge of the panties all the way down Anna’s leg.  I nearly passed out.

Anna smiled and said “Your turn.” Indeed! I was looking very much forward to seeing more of Jennifer too.

Anna stepped behind Jennifer. To my delight, Jennifer turned to face the closet too. I wondered if Jennifer was going to enjoy feeling my eyes wandering up and down her body as her friend undressed her. 

With a wicked smile, Anna removed Jennifer’s dress. Oh my. Another amazingly sensual woman, almost nude right in front of me. The bra came off next, revealing a very cute pair of breasts with long, dark nipples….the kind of nipples that make my tongue ache. As Anna lowered Jennifer’s panties, she revealed nothing but smoothly shaved skin. I wanted both of them as I had never wanted another woman.

“It’s time for a surprise,” Jennifer said. Anna smiled, her eyes glowing with erotic anticipation.

Jennifer reached into her purse and pulled out three beautiful silk scarves. She approached Anna and with a naughty look in her eye said, “These are for you.” Jennifer stepped behind Anna and used one of the scarves to cover Anna’s eyes. Then she gently, but firmly tied one scarf to each of Anna’s wrists, then tied the scarves together behind her back. 

Jennifer wandered over and turned the music up. We had pre-arranged this to cover up any noise I might make while sneaking out of the closet. 

I eased the door open, and stepped into the room. It was like stepping into the most incredible movie you can possibly imagine. There stood Anna, blindfolded with her hands tied behind her back, and Jennifer, her beautiful, well moistened friend who looked very proud of herself for having just tied up her lover.  Happy birthday to me! 

I could smell their moisture as soon as I stepped into the room. The room smelled of sex…wet, warm, and musky.

Jennifer smiled at me and brought her finger to her lips in the universal “shhhh” gesture. I smiled back and then brazenly ran my eyes all over her body and then back up to her eyes. She didn’t mind.

Jennifer motioned to me to take off my clothes. I didn’t have to be told twice. As quietly as I could I removed my shirt, then slid off my pants and underpants. My cock sprang straight out. It was as hard as I had seen it in 20 years. And it’s a nice one -- no woman would ever have to ask if it’s in yet. I looked up and saw Jennifer staring at it like a cat eyes a meal that is not yet dead.

Anna seemed to get almost frightened for a moment. “Baby…..where are you,” she asked. Jennifer’s sexy voice soothed Anna, “I’m right here, Gorgeous. I’m right here and I’m going to make you very happy tonight.” Anna shuddered in anticipation.

We began. Our plan was to leave her standing there in the middle of the room and caress her body all over, building gradually from the gentlest first touch until the point where she collapses from pleasure. All the while, we will take turns touching, gradually building up the touches until Anna finally realizes two people are touching her.

Jennifer gestured to me that I could have the first touch. I stepped in front of Anna and marveled at the sight in front of me. I reached my hand up and with the just the tips of my fingers, I touched the side of her left breast, then as gently as I could, I slid my fingertips along the soft skin of her breast, then onto her side and then down onto her belly. Anna inhaled sharply.

I had to touch her more. I gently touched the very end of her nose. She smiled. I slowly ran my finger from her chin down her neck. I bent down and blew gently on her belly. I inhaled the scent that was pouring from just 6 inches below. What a sweet scent. Then I stepped back and Jennifer stepped around behind Anna. The view from behind Anna was lovely too.

Jennifer reached out one finger, and let it glide down Anna’s spine, raising goose bumps in its path. Then she caressed the back of her neck…her elbow…her right hand….the inside of her left thigh….right nipple….just above her clit

Jennifer began slowly circling Anna, and she motioned for me to join in. Together we walked in a slow circle around Anna, touching her here and there all over her body.  Her earlobe. Anna never knew what part of her body would be touched next or how it would be touched. The back of her knee. She was beginning to pant. Her pussy lips. Each touch seemed to surprise her and launch her into new territories of excitement. It went on and on.

Jennifer stopped behind Anna. She said “I bought a new dildo. It’s the most realistic feeling dildo in the world. I can’t wait to put it inside you. Here, I want you to feel it.” Then Jennifer grabbed my cock and pulled it (and me) toward Anna’s tied up hands. She placed Anna’s hand on my cock. 

It was everything I could do to keep from crying out when her hand grabbed my cock. She squeezed it like she was trying out a toy. Then she let out an animalistic groan and shuddered. “That really feels real……”  Her voice trailed off and Jennifer took her hand off of my cock. I smiled broadly at Jennifer.

Jennifer stepped around in front of Anna and just stood there looking at her for a moment. I moved around next to Jennifer, reached my hand over, and instead of touching Anna, slid my middle finger deep into Jennifer’s pussy. I went immediately for that bumpy G-spot and massaged back and forth on it. Jennifer appeared shocked by the sudden rush of pleasure. She let out a deep moan that would give a hardon to a dead man. 

“Baby,” Anna said, “are you touching yourself?”

“Yes, Gorgeous,” Jennifer half said, half moaned. I continued hyper stimulating Jennifer for just a moment. Then I pulled my finger out of her pussy and brought it up to Anna’s mouth. I nodded for Jennifer to say something. She said simply, “Taste this.”

Anna opened her lips. I slid my finger soaked with Jennifer’s juices into Anna’s mouth and she licked and sucked it as if it were the most delicious morsel to ever pass between her lips. Then I dipped my finger back into Jennifer’s pussy and coated it with more juices. Jennifer moaned loudly as she felt my fingers invade her body again. Anna licked Jennifer’s juice from my fingers several times.

Jennifer said, “I want to taste you.” I took the hint and reached my hand over to Anna’s pussy. She opened her legs just a bit and I pressed my middle finger into her pussy. She cried out as my finger penetrated into her and teased her insides. I pulled my soaking wet finger out of Anna and brought it up to Jennifer’s lips. She sucked eagerly on it, making “mmmm” sounds. I stuck my finger back into Anna and then brought it up to my own lips. Her pussy juice tasted incredible.

I motioned to Jennifer. She said to Anna, “Spread your legs for me, baby.” Anna moved her feet apart on the floor, which opened her pussy up wide. I came in from behind her and stuck my head between her legs. When I leaned back on one arm, her pussy was right in front of my mouth…just what I wanted.

I looked at her pussy. It was smooth shaved on the lips, which were swollen and pink and glistening with the lubrication that was now flowing from her. Her juices had run down her pussy lips and onto the soft skin on the inside of her thighs. 

I licked her glistening lips. In no hurry at all, I gently ran my tongue all over those smooth, wet pussy lips. Anna began moaning incoherently at the first touch of my tongue to her lips. I licked all around her lips, loving the feeling of all that smooth skin and the incredible taste of her thick broth.

I placed my tongue right at her opening and slid it between her lips and into her as far as it would go. She went nuts, crying out and almost losing her balance. I flicked my tongue rapidly back and forth when it was inside her pussy, striking her G-spot. She cried out so sharply, it almost hurt my ears.

I slid my tongue up toward her clit. I let it circle slowly around her clit, then all the sudden I just went for it. I wrapped my lips around the hood of her clit, and let my tongue slide forward to contact the very tip of it. I suckled at her clit, pushing her rapidly toward an orgasm.

She screamed as an immense orgasm overtook her body, and then she lost her balance, falling backwards. Jennifer was right there to catch her as she fell. Jennifer grabbed her friend and held her tight. “I got you, Gorgeous. I got you,” Jennifer said.  

“Whaaaaaaaaaa…..”  Anna seemed to suddenly realize Jennifer couldn’t be in two places at once. She tried to say something, but the intensity of her orgasm turned her question into an uncontrolled cry of overwhelming pleasure.

“This is the surprise,” Jennifer whispered into her ear.  “That is somebody else’s mouth on your pussy. Come for us. Come hard. Let go of yourself.”

She could have done nothing other than come right then. To my immense surprise and delight, right at that moment, she squirted her juices all over my face. I had heard of women who ejaculate, but had never seen it. I loved feeling all that juice sprayed onto my face.

I continued suckling her clit through orgasm after orgasm. God, this woman can come! Over and over she came in my mouth. Jennifer stood behind Anna holding her up while she flicked at Anna’s nipples with her fingertips.

After she had come many times, she seemed to calm just a bit. I slowed my tongue on her clit, but kept my lips around it, to just hold it. Jennifer reached up and pulled the blindfold from Anna’s eyes and said “Anna, meet Tom.”

Anna looked down between her legs and our eyes met for the very first time. All she could see of me was my blue eyes and the top of my head, because my mouth was still on her pussy. As she looked into my eyes, I let my tongue casually caress her clit and watched her eyes cloud over with pleasure.

The realization of two people making love to her…the intense sensation of having a tongue on her clit…the sudden rush of meeting me in such a strange way….all these things seemed to crash in on her and she suddenly began coming again. It was screaming, thrashing, wild animal type of coming.

When she calmed just a bit from this round of orgasms, she cried out, “Untie me! I want to give Tom a hug!” I took my mouth off her pussy and stood before her as Jennifer untied her. The instant she was untied, she leapt toward me. She jumped on to me, wrapping her arms around my neck and her legs around my belly. 

Her lips slammed into mine and we kissed in an almost frantically needy way, tongues swirling, lips grinding, our whole faces kissing. We kissed the way a starving person consumes his first meal in a week. She gripped me as tightly with her legs as her arms. I could feel her pussy juice running down my belly.

I had momentarily lost track of Jennifer until I felt her hand on my cock. Then I felt her guiding the head of it to Anna’s pussy. Anna moaned into my mouth as she felt the head of my cock in her moisture for the very first time. Jennifer rubbed the head all over Anna’s pussy before nestling it right into her opening, then I began to gradually lower Anna on to my cock. 

With each little bit I lowered her, my cock buried itself into Anna. Anna moaned her appreciation every step of the way, until it was all the way into her. God, what a pussy -- tight, hot, soaked -- this woman was built for pleasure. I felt her gripping my cock with her pussy, gripping it and massaging it. I almost filled her with my come right then, but forced myself to hold back.

Jennifer came up behind Anna and pressed herself against Anna’s back. We had an Anna sandwich. Jennifer put her hands on Anna’s butt and began to slowly move her up and down on my cock. Anna couldn’t stop moaning like an animal. Jennifer guided the pace, speeding us up and slowing us down as she wanted. We continued on for many minutes, the three of us locked together in the middle of the room.

I felt that tingle in my head that meant I was going to come, and I reached back and held onto Jennifer to keep myself steady. I began to pump my hips, bouncing Anna up and down on my cock faster and faster. I could feel her starting to come around my cock just as I cried out and fill her pussy with my come.

I almost fell over as I came. If it hadn’t been for Jennifer holding us up, we would be on the ground. I moved over toward the bed, and lowered Anna onto it, then rolled over onto my back next to her to relax for just a moment.

Jennifer was on her in a shot. I lay there next to these two angels and watched as they became devils. They kissed and kissed and kissed as they lay there. I watched Anna’s hand caressing Jennifer’s breasts, then watched as it slid down Jennifer’s belly and disappeared between her legs. From Jennifer’s reaction, Anna’s fingers must have hit just the right spot. 

Anna’s mouth followed her hand’s trail, finding first Jennifer’s nipples and then sliding down between her legs. I have never seen any sight nearly as exciting as watching these two beauties make love to each other. Anna seemed to know how to draw out the pleasure perfectly. She had Jennifer crying out in no time at all, begging for release but not quite getting it. 

I think Anna wanted to give Jennifer a taste of her own medicine. She kept it slowly building and building, just teasing Jennifer’s clit, giving it just enough stimulation to keep her going crazy, but not enough to push her over the edge. I wanted in on this too, so I slid my head over and took one of Jennifer’s nipples into my mouth. I suckled at it. It felt incredible against my tongue.

While I worked her nipples, Anna continued her magic on Jennifer’s clit. And before too much longer, she exploded with a scream and was reduced to a quivering mass of wet flesh on the bed.

Anna and I looked at each other and smiled. Her eyes smiled as broadly as her lips did. For a moment, I just sat and looked into them as we all caught our breath. Then, Anna placed a small kiss on each of Jennifer’s nipples and said “I have something for you, now.” 

Anna crawled halfway over Jennifer and reached for my cock. She pulled me by my cock, guiding me on top of Jennifer and between her legs. She guided the head of my cock right to Jennifer’s wet opening and placed it just inside her. Then she pressed on my butt, forcing my cock right into Jennifer’s pussy. It slid into her without resistance…Jennifer’s pussy was ready to be filled.

Jennifer let out a sound that came from deep inside of her as my cock slid into her. It was the sort of sound that is only made when something is felt deeply inside the body…it was a sound that came from her gut…the gut that was now full of cock.
