 This is the third chapter in the series about my facials.

*

My weekend of selling myself for use as a cum dumpster had come to an end. A few of the guys didn't bother to show up so I only ended up with $900, but for what little I did, that was hard to beat. In the middle of all of it, though, the act of being cum on seemed to lose its luster for me -- it was no longer the erotic exercise that it had started out being, at least not when done in the manner I'd been doing it.

I wasn't to the point where I was tired of it enough to ignore the opportunity to take a free flight, however. I had been corresponding with Steve, a flight attendant for JetBlue airlines about his offer to provide me and my GF with free buddy passes to anywhere the airline flew if I'd let him cum on my face on a flight. I had my reservations about the logistics of just how this might be accomplished, but with all of the stories I'd heard about people joining the "mile high club," I figured if anyone would know how to make it happen, it'd be a member of a flight crew. Nikki and I spent some time discussing it and finally decided Aruba would be the more exotic of the two locations we had to choose from.

We worked out our schedules and selected a flight that left at about 11PM on a Friday night, and arrived in Aruba at 2PM the following day. This late flight allowed us to take advantage of the fact that most everyone would be asleep during the majority of the trip, so we could make use of the rear of the plane to take care of business without a terribly high risk of being discovered. Steve indicated that all we needed to do was go to the counter and present our IDs to pick up the tickets and it pretty much worked out that way. We checked our bags, waited in the ridiculous faux security line and made our way to the boarding gate.

As we waited in the boarding area, the flight crew arrived. I made it a point to stand near the jetway door so Steve would see me, and as our eyes met his face brightened up. I could tell, though, that he was trying to be nonchalant about it so the other members of the crew wouldn't notice anything untoward. I wasn't going to make a scene, but wanted him to know that I was there as promised.

As we boarded the plane, I happened to notice the other two flight attendants. One of them was an older woman who appeared to be the senior member, and the second was a gorgeous, dark-haired woman who appeared to be in her mid 20s. She was striking in that she kind of reminded me of Angie Harmon in her younger days. I read her name tag as we passed by her in the aisle; "Siobhan." What an exotic name for an exotic woman, I thought to myself.

We settled in, watched the safety demonstration, took off and enjoyed the first few moments of the flight. About an hour into it, the flight attendants began a snack/beverage service, which started at the front of the cabin. Steve had arranged our particular seats so that we were on our own row near the rear of the plane, with no one behind us, specifically so we could have as much of the ass end of the plane to ourselves as possible for what was to come. This leg of the flight took us to New York City and the plane was only about half full, so I didn't suspect it was too hard for him to arrange it this way.

As Steve and Siobhan came to us, he gave the first indication of what was to come. "Good morning, Caitlain. What would you like to drink? Some cream, perhaps?" Nikki began laughing at the poor attempt at humor. "You must be Nikki. Cait has talked a lot about you." Siobhan acted as if nothing out of the ordinary was going on. I was wondering to myself what he planned to do with her while we were taking care of business in the back, but he'd told me in the e-mails not to worry about the rest of the crew. He'd indicated in our conversations that he'd be fired if he got caught, so I sure was curious as to how he planned to dispose of her when the time came.

After they got done with the service and spent some time picking up trash from everyone, Steve came by and knelt down next to my seat. "Give me about five minutes and come back behind the curtain." I nodded in concurrence and he headed back towards the rear of the plane. All of the lights were dimmed and no one was moving around, so this allowed me to be a bit more comfortable that we might actually be able to pull this off without much of a problem.

I gave him a few minutes and when I was sure no one was about to get up, I unbuckled my seat belt quietly, got up and headed towards the back of the plane. I pulled the curtain aside and there were Steve and Siobhan talking quietly. I froze for an instant and just looked at her and then him. "She's okay; she's going to keep an eye out on the cabin to let us know if anyone comes back to use the lavatories. She wants to watch, too."

I was like, "whoa!" I wasn't prepared for an audience, but the reality was that I found her attractive, and it made me just a bit wet to know that she was going to be watching. "Whatever turns her on." She just got this "whatever" look on her face. Steve told me to kneel down next to the emergency door but not to use anything on it to brace myself with -- he didn't want us getting sucked out of the airplane. I laughed internally about the punniness of that statement, but made a mental note not to even lean toward the door. Siobhan assumed a position in the middle of the galley where she had a clear view of the aisle as Steve undid his belt, unzipped his pants and pulled out his rod. He clearly was ready for action -- he was already standing at attention.

I pulled my hair back and tied it up into a ponytail, and got down on my knees as he began jerking his cock. Siobhan just leaned back against the wall and watched. She really seemed to have an attitude, though I couldn't tell what her issue was -- was she jealous, freaked out, pissed off, or what? I wanted to talk dirty to Steve, but with everyone so close to us on the other side of the flimsy curtain, I was afraid that someone would hear me and perhaps even come back to investigate. As it was we had to hope that no one came back to the bathroom of their own accord; I'm not sure how we'd have reacted if they did. The bathroom doors were outside the curtain, so I supposed we could have just been quiet and hoped that no one poked their head into the galley to see what was going on.

Because the area was so small, Steve was standing right in front of me; almost on top of me, in fact. His cock grazed my face a couple of times and I had to resist the urge to take it into my mouth. It took him a good five minutes to get to the point where he was ready to blow. I could tell by his breathing rate that he was getting close and wondered to myself if anyone could hear him out in the cabin, even though anyone who's been on an airplane knows that they're hardly the quietest places on the planet. "If it helps you any, you can grab my hair so you can hold my face where you want it to be." The words seemed to go into one ear and out the other. Perhaps he was concentrating on what he was doing, though.

He missed my face completely with the first shot, hitting me on the shoulder. The second shot hit me directly in the mouth, however, and it tasted quite acrid. His third shot got me right above the lips and a fourth one hit me on my cheek back toward my ear, and began draining down my neck. He moved to where his cock was right over my face and continued for a few more strokes to milk the cum out of himself right over my eyes. I turned my head so I wouldn't get any in my eyes themselves, but a few drops managed to land right in the pocket of my right eye, and a little bit of cum managed to seep its way in. When people tell you that cum burns the eyes, they mean it. It really stung, but I tried not to let on like anything was wrong. Once again, it was all I could do to keep from taking his cock in my mouth and cleaning him off, but I had to resist the urge. That sounds so cliché, but when you have a cock right there in front of your face that close, the natural urge, at least for me, is to put it in your mouth.

As I stood up, Siobhan spoke her first words to me. "What a fucking whore. You look so silly." Ever since I got on the plane, I had detected attitude from her, and I had a strong desire at that point to just slap the fuck out of her right then. However, I decided to take an alternative approach. As I walked over to her, she recoiled somewhat, thinking I was going to hit her I suppose. But I grabbed her head and kissed her dead on the mouth, with all of Steve's seed still on my lips and face. As I mashed my mouth into hers she tried to pull back, but I had a death grip on her hair and wasn't about to let go. She was going to share her coworker's cum with me.

When I broke off the kiss, I whispered to her, "You have cum on your face. Go fix your makeup, bitch." I grabbed a towel Steve had ready for me and went into the bathroom to clean up. I could hear the two of them talking in hushed tones, but couldn't make out what they were saying to one another. It took me several minutes to clean myself up. When I walked out, Steven flashed me a thumbs up sign and I headed back to my seat to get a new shirt and my contact solution so I could change the contact in my right eye. I finished cleaning up and headed back to sit down. It was well after 2AM and I wanted to get a bit of sleep. Nikki asked how it went, and I took a couple of minutes to walk her through what had happened. I also explained to her that I was liable to slap that female flight attendant before we got to Aruba.

A few hours later, near the end of the first leg of the flight, I got up to go use the restroom and had to walk past Siobhan again as she was headed up the aisle to offer people bottles of water. She tried not to make eye contact with me, but I just glared at her as I walked by. I made it a point to stare at her every time she walked by in the aisles checking on passengers from that point forward. She was clearly disconcerted to some degree, though I wouldn't call it uncomfortable. Other than that, though, the rest of the flight was rather anticlimactic. We stopped over in New York around 7AM, and after an hour layover headed on off to Aruba. I continued to have a bit of fun at Siobhan's expense, and even blew a kiss at her when she walked by one time.

Steve told me earlier that he'd like to try again, but with everyone awake and moving about, it just wasn't feasible. The leg of the flight to Aruba was pretty heavily booked, so there really wasn't a good opportunity to do another shot anyway. So for the remainder of the flight, we just occasionally glanced at each other. When we landed, we collected our bags and headed over to the Renaissance Hotel where we'd booked our room.

As Nikki and I stood in line to check into our hotel, the flight crew arrived to check in as well. Steve had told me which hotel they'd be staying at, since our deal was that he'd get to cum on me as many times as he wanted while they were on their layover as a price of the tickets. That seemed only fair, especially since they were going to be flying back out the next day anyway. Siobhan got an "Oh, shit" look on her face when she saw me. I made a gesture toward her as if to let her know that she still had some cum on her face. We checked in and headed up to our room. We just had time to get settled when Steve called and asked if I could come up to his room so he could do me again. Despite being tired, we had a bargain so I headed on up.

I arrived at his room and knocked on the door. "Come on in." As I walked into his room, I was shocked to find a woman going down on him. I couldn't tell who it was because her ass was facing me, and I didn't recognize it, not from that angle anyway. "Come on in. She's helping me prepare for you."

I moved around to where I could get a better view of what was going on and was flabbergasted to see that it was Siobhan with his cock in her mouth. He had her by the hair and was going at her pretty good. As she was being face fucked, she looked over at me. "So you're a whore, too?" I asked, tongue in cheek. No reply from her, of course, because she was busy and had her slutty little mouth full. I figured as long as I was standing there not doing anything, I may as well have a little fun also.

I went around to her backside, slapped her on the ass, got down on my knees and moved in behind her. She appeared clean, so I started lightly biting her on the ass and playing wither clit. She didn't put up any resistance, so I started rimming her. She let out a little moan, but offered no other sign that indicated whether or not she was into what I was doing. The scent and taste of her ass were intoxicating. Anyone who's ever rimmed someone who's not fresh out of the shower is familiar with the rather pungent, musky odor and the slightly salty taste that someone has in their anal area after having been at work, walking or sitting all day. It's hard to describe, actually, but just as is the case with the smell of pussy, it is quite aromatic. There must be something pheromonic about it because it absolutely drives me wild.

I spent some time working on her pussy and her ass until Steven came up with the idea of having us 69 each other. As she got up, I once again pulled her to me and kissed her, allowing her to taste her own ass on my lips. This time she reciprocated the kiss. As we broke off, I whispered in her ear, "I hope you know how to eat pussy." I took my shirt and shorts off, crawled up onto the bed, laid back and spread my legs and began playing with my clit.

Since the rules involved no penetration of me, I got on the bottom and Siobhan took a position on top of me, with her pussy right in my face. She leaned down and began feasting on my pussy, as Steven came in from behind right above my face and penetrated her. This was the first time I had ever been in a threesome involving a guy. I'd been in several with other women using strap-ons, but this was my first one with a live penis involved. The sight of his cock and nuts right above my face as it slammed into Siobhan's cunt was incredible. Once he started fucking her, his balls began grazing my forehead and nose with each thrust. I started eating her pussy, trying to time the darting of my tongue to work in opposition to his thrusts. I couldn't even really tell what Siobhan was doing to my pussy -- I wasn't paying any attention to it because my focus was so intense on what was taking place right in front of me. Or maybe she didn't know what she was doing, I don't know. Regardless, I was so enraptured by the sight of what was going on right above my face that I didn't much care about anything else at that point.

In rather short order, Steve announced that he was getting ready to cum. I had just assumed that he was going to pull out of her and jerk himself off on my face, but that didn't happen. He continued pounding away at her cunt as his orgasm built, and after he'd forcefully penetrated her a few more times he came inside her. Once he was done, he remained in place for a couple of minutes while his high subsided. It then dawned on me what he had in mind.

"Don't move, Cait." As he pulled out, his load began leaking out of Siobhan's pussy onto my face. He told her to sit up and let it all drain out. She did as she was told, and what seemed like a gallon of cum and cunt juice drained out all over my face. I had to turn my head to keep it from going up my nose and into my eyes. As she got up, it occurred to me that this was his rather unique way of giving me my second facial. I rolled over and got up off the bed, and all of the fluids drained down onto my tits.

Siobhan had to pipe up again. "You look even more like a whore now. Go show your girlfriend what you've been up to. She can even clean you up." She was laughing as she said it, and it took every ounce of strength I could muster to keep from slapping the shit out of her. This time, I didn't feel like kissing her, though; I just wanted to go back to my room and clean up. I was four floors below them, and that meant hoping no one would be on the elevator on the way down. Since they wouldn't give me a towel to clean up with, I really had no choice in the matter -- I just wanted it to be over. I put my shirt back on and the cum that had covered my chest caused it to stick to me. I didn't even bother to look at myself in the mirror; I just left the room, almost in tears -- not so much from what had happened as from the fact that Siobhan had actually gotten the last laugh in on me.

As I moved down the hallway, one guy passed me and stared at me as I walked by. I didn't even bother to hang my head. The entire upper half of my body and my face was covered in cum, though I doubt with the lighting in the hallway he even had the foggiest idea of what it was. I just walked by as if nothing out of the ordinary was going on. Fortunately, no one was at the elevator and it was empty when it got to me. I got on and headed back to my room. When I walked in, Nikki's eyes got wide, "What the fuck happened to you?'

I explained to her what had taken place and headed to the shower for a long, hot bath. The flight crew headed out the next morning, and I never saw them again. We spent the next couple of days enjoying the sun and water in Aruba, and then headed back home. The flight back was excruciatingly long. I couldn't help but wonder the entire time, though, if any of the members of the return flight crew were anywhere near as freaky as the ones on the last trip. You just never know, do you?

When I got back, I had an e-mail from Steve thanking me for the "service" and telling me he hoped I had enjoyed the trip. I replied back that I did and left it at that. I spent some more time catching up on the continuing stream of e-mails related to this whole series of events. One in particular that had caught my attention was a request to participate in a bukkake scene at a local sex club. Paid, of course. What to do, what to do?