 As Wendy lays beneath Rick, she reaches her hands up and rubs her hands over her tits and chest, through the pools of cum that Rick had just unloaded onto her. She loves the way it feels on her skin, thick and warm. Wendy smeared Rick's cum all over her soft flesh. She could not get over how horny she felt, the tingling in her loins, even after the intense orgasm she just experienced thanks to Rick's talented fingers. She could not take her eyes off of Rick's thick cock, which had barely lost any of its erection, and was already throbbing above her.

Rick leaned over and grabbed the joint. While still straddling Wendy's chest, he relit the joint and inhaled deeply. He handed it to Wendy, and she held it in her hand. As she lay there, she watched as Rick slowly slid down her body. She watched him slide down on the bed between her legs. Wendy closed her eyes and took a long drag, feeling her chest fill with smoke, a slight burning in her lungs. But as she began to exhale, Wendy felt Rick's tongue slide over her pussy lips, and she moaned deeply. Rick let his tongue gently glide up and down her slit, slowly weaving its way over her pussy. Wendy couldn't believe how wonderful this felt. She had never experienced such a feeling – satisfying her and creating more desire all at the same time. She moved her short legs, wrapping them over Rick's shoulders and crossing her feet behind his head. Rick was picking up the pace, now, flicking his tongue all over her clit. Wendy grabbed a handful of bed sheets in each hand and pressed her head back against the mattress. From between her legs, Rick looked up Wendy's smooth stomach to see her huge tits pressed out toward the ceiling as Wendy began to writhe in response to his oral assault on her cunt. He began increasing the pressure, letting his tongue do a figure 8 over Wendy's clit.

"Uhhnnnn!!!!!" Wendy moaned. "Oh, God, that feels so good."

Rick slowed down and started moving back up Wendy's body. Wendy was disappointed to feel his mouth leave her pussy, and as Rick moved up her body, her hips almost instinctively pushed out, rubbing her pussy against his stomach. Rick took the joint out of her hand, took a deep pull, and put it back out in the ashtray next to the bed. He blew out a thick cloud of smoke, and then moved up just enough to position his cock at the entrance to Wendy's pussy. His cock was swollen and throbbing, and he slid just the head into Wendy's hot, steaming pussy.

Wendy closed her eyes and tried to push her hips up to meet Rick's cock. "Yes, Rick. Please, please, please," she moaned, looking into his eyes.

Rick smiled, "Please what?"

"Please fuck me, Rick! Please fuck my pussy with that hard cock!! Fuck me, Rick, fuck me!"

As Wendy finished begging, Rick thrust his entire cock deep into Wendy's tight snatch. Both of them groaned simultaneously. Rick because he could not believe how tight and warm Wendy felt around his cock. Wendy because she could not believe how incredible Rick's thick cock felt inside of her, filling her like nothing else, creating sensations she had only dreamed of. Waves of sensations were shooting from her loins, washing over her body. She pressed her hips up to meet Rick's thrust, trying to take ever last inch of Rick's cock inside of her. Rick leaned down on his elbows, feeling Wendy's huge tits pressed against his chest. He began sliding his hard cock slowly in and out of Wendy's cunt, which felt like a wet, velvet glove around his thick meat. 

Wendy wrapped her arms and legs around Rick, reveling in how strong his body was and how good it felt pressed down on top of her. She thrust her hips up in rhythm to meet Rick's cock, and felt a series of small orgasms wash over her. She pressed her cheek against his and whimpered into his ear.

Breathlessly, Wendy whispered, "Oh, God, Rick. You feel so good. Fuck me harder. Fuck my little pussy."

Rick needed no further direction. He began increasing his pace. He pushed up onto his hands, his arms straight and bracing him, and began pulling his cock almost all of the way out of Wendy's pussy, before slamming it quickly back into her heat and warmth. Each time he slammed his cock into Wendy's cunt, he watched her tits jiggle around her chest, her nipples hard, and watched her lean her head back, her eyes clenched closed. Wendy's hands had slid down from his shoulders and were reaching over her head, grabbing the sheets. Rick picked up a steady rhythm, pumping his cock in and out of her pussy, as Wendy writhed beneath him, waves of orgasms continuing to wash over her. Wendy could not get over how good it felt, how hard Rick's cock felt inside of her, pressing ever deeper, his groin slamming into her hips, pressing against her swollen clit.

Rick moved one leg over and to the outside of Wendy's leg. He reached an arm beneath her, and, without pulling his cock from her pussy, rolled them over until Wendy was on top. Wendy was so petite that it took little effort, and Wendy felt like a doll in Rick's hands. She found her self on top of him, and slid her knees up and sat up on his cock. Rick looked up and admired the view – Wendy's huge but perky tits jutting out from her chest in front of him, pressed together by her arms as she pressed her hands into his chest. Wendy looked down at him, a glazed and satisfied look on her face. She began grinding her hips into his, slowly circling them on his body, grinding her pussy against his groin, feeling his hard cock deep in her pussy. Rick reached around her and grabbed a handful of each ass cheek in his powerful hands. Her ass was round and smooth in his grasp. Wendy loved the way it felt when Rick grabbed her ass, causing more waves of excitement to wash over her and causing her to grind against him harder. She looked down her chest at Rick, and the smile he had on his face. It just made her want to fuck him harder. Rick grabbed her ass and began moving her hips for her, bucking his cock into her cunt. Wendy leaned her head back and groaned.

"I'm gonna cum!!!" She screamed. "I'm gonna cum, Rick!" Wendy was rocking her hips wildly, bucking all over Rick's body. She felt that she couldn't press her pussy against him hard enough, couldn't feel his cock press deep enough into her. Finally the dam released, and a powerful orgasm rocked her body. She pressed her hands against Rick's chest, threw her head back, her mouth open, gasping for air. Rick felt Wendy's pussy spasming around his cock, drenching it with her juices. He felt her juices dribbling down his heavy ball sack.

As Wendy's orgasm finally began to subside, she looked down at Rick.

He met her gaze. "Turn around," he said. Wendy did not hesitate to do as she was told. She lifted off of his cock slightly and twisted around until she was repositioned over his cock, only this time straddling Rick's body facing away from him. She lowered herself back down on his cock, feeling his meat re-fill her wanting pussy. They were positioned toward the foot of the low-platformed bed. The bed ended just at the break in Rick's knees and his feet rested on the ground. Wendy leaned down and braced herself with a hand on each of Rick's knees. She looked down beneath them and took in the sight of his heavy ball sack hanging just beneath where his cock disappeared into her cunt. Rick took in the sight of Wendy's round bubble-but. He slapped her creamy white cheek, and grabbed a soft handful of flesh in each hand. Wendy loved the feel of Rick smacking her ass, and began bucking her hips back and forth on his hard cock.

Just then, the door to the room opened and Rick's roommate Bobby stumbled in. He saw Wendy and Rick on Rick's bed and stopped short.

"Oh, shit!" He exclaimed, and started to turn back out of the room. Just before he did, though, he did a double-take of the sight in front of him. All he could see of Rick was his calves hanging down off the end of the bed. But just above Rick's knees was one of the hottest set of tits Bobby had ever seen. He took Wendy in, noticing the mask of lust that covered her face, her creamy white skin, her full thighs straddling Rick's hips, her hands on each of Rick's knees, as she rocked her hips back and forth. Bobby slowly closed the door and stared at them fucking.

Wendy was initially surprised by Bobby barging in, but she was too high on both pot and cock to care. All she was focused on was the incredible feelings that continued to be generated from deep within her from Rick's cock. She looked over at Bobby. He was about the same height and build as Rick, wearing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. She noticed a prominent bulge forming in his shorts. She smiled at him as she rocked back and forth, grinding harder against Rick, hearing Rick moan behind her. Her tits swayed with her motion. 

Wendy continued smiling at Bobby, and raised an eyebrow as if to challenge him to make the next move. She could not believe how comfortable she was fucking Rick in front of someone else, or being naked in front of someone else for that matter. But she was getting a huge rush out of Bobby watching her fuck, of him staring at her huge tits.

Almost involuntarily, Bobby began walking toward the bed. He noticed the remnants of Rick's cum on Wendy's chin and chest. He grinned as he stepped right up in front of Wendy, his crotch about eye-level with her. As she continued to grind against Rick, Bobby began unbuttoning and unzippering his shorts. He let them drop to the floor, and then slid down his boxers, freeing a very thick 7 inch cock. Wendy almost stopped fucking Rick as she stared at the thick piece of meat jutting toward her face. Without thinking, she leaned forward and opened her mouth. Her tongue circled Bobby's huge, swollen cockhead, and then she stretched her lips wide to take him into her mouth. She could not get over how thick he was, and she loved the salty taste of his cock meat in her mouth. Her saliva flowed as she sucked on his dick. She began rocking on Rick even faster, feeling him smack, slap and squeeze her juicy ass. She could not believe she had a big cock in her pussy and one in her mouth.

Wendy felt Bobby's hands reach to the back of her head as he began feeding his cock into her warm mouth. Her full lips stretched to take in his thick meat inch by inch, her thick soft tongue swirling around his cock in her mouth. Bobby leaned his head back and moaned. It had been a while since he had hooked up, or even jerked off, and he knew this wouldn't last long as incredible as Wendy's mouth felt on his cock. He also knew he was going to blow an enormous load that had built up in his balls. He began rocking his hips back and forth, holding Wendy's head still in front of him and fucking her face. He pushed toward her, and his cock head slipped into the back of throat. Her nose was buried in his pubes, and he felt her tongue snake out and lick down to the top of his balls.

Wendy could hardly breathe, as her entire mouth was completely filled with Bobby's cock. She felt it fill her throat, and she tried to keep from gagging. As she felt Rick push his cock deep up into her pussy, her body was rocked by her third enormous, strong orgasm. She groaned and moaned around Bobby's cock.

The sensation caused by Wendy moaning around his cock was too much for Bobby. With one more thrust into her throat, Bobby pulled his cock out of her mouth, and the feeling of Wendy's thick tongue on the underside of his cock caused it to twitch and then begin to spew his huge load. The first blast of yellow-white cum erupted from Bobby's cock and landed with a "splat" on Wendy's nose. The second blast landed on her open lips and extended tongue. The third fell down to her tits, and then blast after blast erupted all over Wendy's face and tits. Wendy felt the warm, sticky semen begin to cover her, and wave after wave of orgasmic release washed over her. She kept moaning and reaching her tongue out to catch Bobby's thick semen. Bobby's cock twitched in front of her face, shooting the last of his huge load.

Wendy hears Rick moan. He pushes her forward, off his cock. Wendy looks back over her shoulder in time to see Rick's hard cock erupt behind her, shooting the first blast of cum up her back. Rick moans as his second load of the night shoots all over Wendy's thick ass. Wendy moans, feeling Rick's warm seed cover her ass. She is now covered in cum front and back. Wendy cannot believe what has just happened. She just got double-teamed for the first time by two studs who unleashed their cum all over her. She would have expected to feel more embarrassed at the situation, but instead she feels comfortable and warm all over. She falls off of Rick and lays back on the bed. She gazes at her two cum-fountains and lets her hand run over her body, rubbing the cum into her skin. She is in heaven, and she knows it will only get better....