 My partner, Joe, and I hadn't been on our shift very long when we were paged out to the local college. One of the cheerleaders had fallen from the top of a pyramid.

We jumped in the ambulance and headed out. When we arrived we found her on the sidelines. She had an ice pack on her head and it looked like she had injured her leg. She started to get up to walk over to us. We told her to stay where she was until we had completed our exam.

When I got to her, the first thing I saw was her legs under that cute little skirt. I felt my cock getting hard looking at those legs. I am a sucker for a great pair of legs.

We got her on the long board and carted her to the back of the ambulance to do a more thorough examination. Everything with her head checked out fine, but we need to do a better examination of her leg. 

As EMTs and Paramedics we joke that the first rule of trauma is "Make Them Naked" meaning that you generally need to cut the clothes off an accident victim in order to fully assess the injuries. There was nothing I wanted more than to see this girl/woman naked. I knew that Joe was in the same category. He's a legs and ass man as well and well, this girl was HOT!

I told the girl, Maddy, that we needed to cut her pantyhose off. She asked me if I could just pull them down instead of cutting them. They weren't wrecked and she wanted to save them if she could. The thought of putting my hands on her waist and pulling her pantyhose over her ass had my cock rock hard. Joe offered to do it if I couldn't. 

Maddy looked at us and said we could both do it if we wanted. Oh shit, this girl was hot. Did she know what she was doing to my cock? I knew Joe had to be as hard as I was. I slid her pantyhose down, running my hands over her tight ass and down her legs as I did. My cock was begging to be released.

As if she could read my mind, Maddy reached over and grabbed both me and Joe. We both groaned. 

As we examined her legs, we heard little moans coming from her. Was she getting turned on by us touching her legs? Apparently yes, because she told us that she thought her panties needed to come off as well. Well, you didn't need to ask us twice. We hurried to get those damn things off. We were greeted with a beautiful shaved pussy. I wanted to dive in. It was pure agony finishing our exam to determine that she had sprained her ankle, but was fine otherwise. I was hoping this wasn't going to be the end.

When I looked up, I saw that Maddy was already working on getting Joe's pants undone. A moment later she had his cock in her mouth. I wasted no time in burying my face in her sweet snatch. Damn she was wet. Judging by the moaning coming from Joe she was giving his dick a pretty good tongue bath.

I concentrated on her pussy, occasionally probing my tongue back toward her ass. She humped my face as I licked her clit. Joe was fucking her face and she was taking it well. I pushed her little top up, finding her tits. Thankfully, she wasn't wearing a bra. I was able to tweak her pert nipples. Her tits felt good in my hands. I felt Joe's hands join me. We worked Maddy's young tits well. I stuck my tongue deep into her pussy, swirling it around, as I worked her hard nipple. She rewarded me with a face full of cum.

She pushed her pussy tight up against my face and I went to town on her. She begged me, "Oh, yeah, eat my pussy. Your tongue feels so good. Oh yeah. Oh fuck yeah. Please don't stop."

I kept going, making her cum even harder. Poor Joe had to settle for stroking his cock while she finished cumming. When she finished we dispensed completely with her clothes. When we got a good look at her young naked body it was better than we imagined. All young and nubile, everything still firm, a nice set of tits and a round tight ass.

My cock hadn't been in her hot mouth yet, but Joe wasn't ready to give it up either. I quickly undid my pants, hoping to get a shot at her mouth. As I stood near her, she took Joe's cock in her hand and started sucking mine. Damn her mouth was good. Her full lips felt good sliding up and down my shaft. She alternated, sucking one cock while stroking another. It was obvious we were not the first set of cocks that she had handled. She knew how to suck and stroke.

Maddy turned to Joe, saying, "I want to get fucked. Plant your hard cock in my pussy."

Joe didn't hesitate. He flipped her onto her hands and knees, plunging into her wet snatch. I knelt in front of her. She took my cock into her mouth all the way up to my balls, swirling and sucking, sometimes sucking just my cock head, which drives me crazy. 

Joe was banging away into her pussy. "Oh damn you have one tight pussy. It's hot and wet. Oh fuck!" he exclaimed.

Maddy was moaning and groaning as I fucked her face and Joe fucked her pussy. She had one hand working her clit. I was facing Joe so I could see him with his hands all over her ass. I know he's an ass man as much as I am so I knew what he was thinking. As much as he was loving her pussy, I knew he wanted to plunge into her ass. I couldn't blame him because that's where I wanted my cock too.

I saw Joe push his thumb into her tight ass. Apparently she liked it because a few seconds later she let out a scream and came. Maddy was slamming her pussy onto Joe's cock like there was no tomorrow. 

"Oooooohhhhhh fffuuuuuuck me," she groaned around my cock. We both drove our cocks into her respective holes. She clamped her mouth around me, moaning against my cock as Joe pounded into her and continued to stroke his thumb in and out of her ass. It was the hottest thing I had ever seen.

When her orgasm subsided, Maddy turned to Joe, saying, "Play with my ass. Get it nice and loose so you can fuck it."

Hearing her say that made me want to dump my load in her mouth. Shit, I hoped I was going to get a shot at that as well.

Joe went to town, slipping his fingers in one at a time until she began to ride his fingers. 

"Damn your ass is beautiful. I want to bury my cock in it," Joe stated.

"Then fuck me," replied Maddy.

Joe sat down on the foot of the stretcher, sliding Maddy down his shaft. She was in reverse cowgirl style so I had a full view of that tight body. My cock was hard waiting for my turn. When Maddy told me to fuck her pussy I felt my cock pulse. 

Joe went horizontal, pulling Maddy with him, keeping her impaled. Her pussy was now in full view. I slid in, savoring the tight, wet feel of her young pussy. Joe was pumping in and out of her ass. I could feel his cock stroking her through the thin membrane that separated us. I had never felt anything so amazing. I wondered if she was always this tight, or if having Joe in her ass made her even tighter. Whatever it was, I was enjoying it. 

Maddy's tits bounced as we plunged in and out of her tight holes. She was not quiet. She moaned and groaned, indicating her pleasure. Her face showed her pleasure as well. Her eyes closed, her mouth forming a perfect oh as the sounds came from her pretty lips. 

"Oh yes. I'm going to cum. Fuck me hard!" Maddy cried out.

Joe and I both increased our pace giving her everything we had. I felt her tighten around me, knowing she was at her peak. A loud groan came from her as her pussy clenched tight, massaging my cock. I thought she was tight before, but this was amazing. She was so wet, allowing me to slide in and out

easily as her contractions massaged my cock. It was everything I could do to hold off from cumming myself. I wanted a chance in her ass.

Maddy must have tightened around Joe when she came, because his grunts brought me out of my haze. He was cumming himself. 

"Oh shit baby. Your ass is wonderful. Oh fuck yes." He groaned as he unloaded. By the look on his face he was feeling mighty fine. He continued pumping her with each spurt.

When he was fully drained Joe's cock slipped from her ass. Maddy asked to turn over again and told me to fuck her ass. It was the invitation I had been waiting for. I slid into her slippery ass filled with Joe's spunk. Damn, it was tight, even with Joe having just pulled out. My cock tightened when I saw Maddy's mouth cover Joe's cock, sucking it clean.

Joe had yet to taste her sweet twat. His tongue worked her hard clit as I pounded in her tight hole. She was one wild ride, keeping up with my fast pace. It was a feeling I never wanted to end. He r ass felt like it was stroking my cock. The feelings she was giving me along with watching her head bobbing up and down Joe's rod was pushing me to my limit. Even though he was no longer hard, he wasn't making any effort to remove himself from her mouth.

My mind raced as I debated where I wanted to cum. Was I going to shoot up her ass as Joe had done? While this felt so damn good, a larger part of me wanted to watch her suck me dry.

"Sweet thing, I want to cum down your throat. Can you handle it?" I asked.

"Honey, I can milk your cock like nobody's business," she replied slyly.

Now I had to have her suck me off. I withdrew from her ass, moving to her mouth. She greedily swallowed my rock hard cock. I held her head still fucking her face at my pace. She never missed a beat, taking every stroke I gave her.

"Oh sweetheart, I'm going to cum!" I cried out.

Her mouth readily took me, increasing her suction until her mouth was as tight as her pussy. She pushed me over the edge. My cock pulsed with each spurt sliding down her pretty little throat. She was an expert cocksucker. She didn't miss a drop, sucking me completely dry. I groaned as she continued to milk me long after I was done. When her mouth finally released me, I was spent.

Maddy rose, beginning to dress again. We reluctantly watched her cover that beautiful body. As she sashayed out the back of the ambulance, tits and ass bouncing, she looked at Joe and me saying, "You boys can come to my rescue any time you want."

Joe and I both groaned. The back of our ambulance had never seen this much action before, but we sure hoped it would again.