 This is my first time writing a story like this and I would appreciate your feedback. The more explicit the better if you liked it I would LOVE to know how much!



I had never really been attracted to other women, but there was something about Lily that made those feelings change. I mean, I could tell when another woman was attractive, I just didn't feel attracted to them at all. Lily was totally different. She had long, dark hair and a gorgeous slender body. She was a lovely caramel brown colour and had modest sized but perfectly formed breasts. Her eyes were chocolate brown and she had full lips. She was beautiful and sexy and for the first time in my life made me want to be with another woman.

Maybe I partly found her so attractive because she was so different to how I look. I am much paler than her; I can never tan no matter how hard I try. We both have dark her but mine is more of an auburn colour. While Lily looks like she spends a lot of time running, my body is more curvy and no matter how much time I put in at the gym, I can't seem to get rid of my larger hips and fuller breasts. 

Lily and I had been friends since I moved to a new city for another job. We usually went for nights out with lots of drinking and dancing. Tonight we were out quite late so Lily insisted I stayed at hers. She shares a two bedroom flat with her flatmate Liam, so I was going to be sharing Lily's room. I have slept in the same bed as other women before with no problems, but the thought of sleeping next to Lily was giving me feelings I didn't normally have unless it was with men. 

"Here you go," Lily said, handing me an oversized man's shirt. "Liam said he didn't mind lending you this since you have nothing to sleep in." She laughed. "The sequins in that dress would make sleeping pretty uncomfortable."

"Thanks," I replied, taking the shirt from her. It was a navy button up shirt that was big enough to cover my modesty. "Tell Liam thanks from me." I had met Liam for the first time tonight. He was gorgeous. Tall and broad shouldered, with sandy coloured hair, stubble and a body that looked amazing in jeans and a very tight T-shirt.

Lily grinned. "I'm sure you'll be able to tell him yourself tomorrow."

I nodded and headed to the bathroom to get changed. I took off my dress, tights and bra and slipped Liam's shirt on. I left on my black lacy panties then stared at my bra. Maybe I should leave it on? But I don't really like sleeping in it. I glanced down at my chest and saw my nipples, hard and clearly visible against the fabric. I decided just to leave it. Lily wasn't interested so she wouldn't notice if I was wearing a bra or not.

I headed back to Lily's room and paused for a second on entering. She had changed for bed and was wearing a small, tight, white vest top. She was braless also and I could make out her nipples, large and hard against the stretched fabric of her top. She was wearing a tiny pair of black pants, material covering her bum and her pussy but just string straps joining the two pieces of material across her hips. This was the least amount of clothing I had seen her in and I had a sudden urge to touch her, to kiss her while I ran my hands over her breasts, put her hard nipples in my mouth then slip my hand into her panties...

I felt my nipples harden and a dampness start between my legs at the thought of it. I told myself to get a grip and went into the room and closed the door over.

"Don't shut it all the way," Lily said, smiling. "I can't sleep properly if the door's totally closed. It makes me feel claustrophobic."

I nodded and pulled the door open slightly. "A little more," Lily asked. I pulled the door wider so there was now a sizeable gap. It didn't really bother me; Liam was already in his room and was probably asleep. Even if he did walk by the room, through the gap in the door he would get a good view of the bed and the two of us asleep and since nothing was going to happen it wasn't going to be a problem.

Lily threw back the covers and jumped into bed. I padded round the other side and got in next to her. I felt butterflies in my tummy at the thought of being so close to her.

Lily sighed. "Night Allie."

"Night Lily," I replied quietly. 

I found it difficult to get to sleep; I was so aroused by the thought of her being next to me with very little clothing on. I felt my clit start throbbing between my legs and wanted to touch myself but was scared Lily would wake up. Also, light coming through the door from the hall meant everything was still visible in the room. Eventually I fell into a fitful sleep.

I felt myself wake quietly, was sure I must have heard something to wake me up but wasn't sure what it was. Initially I felt a little disorientated but remembered I was sleeping in Lily's room. I glanced over at Lily and stifled a gasp. Lily wasn't asleep; it was the sound of her soft moans that had woken me. She had thrown back the covers and taken her vest top off. Now she was naked except for the very small pair of panties she was wearing. Her eyes were closed and there was a small smile on her face. My gaze moved to her breasts which were more gorgeous than I had previously imagined. Her brown nipples were large and hard, her left hand was playing with her left breast, kneading it then tugging on the hard nipple. 

I swallowed hard, she looked gorgeous. I felt my own nipples harden and gripped the shirt I was wearing tightly to stop my hands from going over to touch her. I tried to keep my breathing steady so she wouldn't realise I had woken up. My eyes trailed down across her flat tummy to her panties, where her hand was rhythmically rubbing her pussy. I felt my own clit throbbing while staring down at her, my pussy suddenly becoming very wet. I gripped my thighs together, desperate to touch myself but worried if I moved she would stop touching herself. 

Lily moaned again and opened her legs slightly, giving herself better access. I could smell her arousal, could hear how wet she was from the sound her fingers made as she was stroking herself. I watched as her hips started to move against her fingers, heard her moans coming faster and slightly louder. I never realised how erotic it was to watch someone making themselves cum. I glanced up at her face and saw her eyes open, staring at me. I gasped and closed my eyes, futilely pretending to be asleep.

I felt Lily's hand on my arm, tugging the sleeve of my shirt. My eyes opened and she was smiling at me, still fingering herself. "I want you to watch Allie," she said huskily. "Please watch me cum."

I felt a bit dumbstruck but she looked amazing, and I was more than happy to oblige to her request. She grinned at me and her moans became louder as her fingers moved faster over her clit. Her hips started to buck, I took in her gorgeous breasts jiggling slightly with the movement.

"I'm cumming," she grunted, arching her back and letting out a moan as her eyes closed. I watched her hips twitch and her mouth open silently as the orgasm washed over her. Panting, she lay still on the bed then removed her hand from her panties. The light from the hall showed her fingers were wet and sticky with her juices. She looked at me and slowly licked each of her fingers clean of her juices.

Lily grinned and rolled on her side to look at me. "I thought you were never going to wake up! I always cum harder when I have an audience."

I was so stunned all I managed to say was "Oh."

"Did you like it Allie? Did you like watching me finger myself?" Lily asked, her right hand sliding over my tummy. I couldn't speak, I was so turned on all I wanted was for her to touch me, to make me moan and cum like she had. She flipped the duvet off me so only my lower legs and feet were covered, then her hand moved slowly up my body and cupped my breast over my shirt. She squeezed and then took my hard nipple between her thumb and forefinger and rolled slightly. I heard a soft moan escape my mouth, felt my clit throb hard at her touch.

Lily laughed softly. "Well these are certainly hard but you might just be cold. Only one way to know for sure if you're turned on or not." She locked eyes with me as she achingly slowly moved her hand down from my breast, across my tummy and over my panties. She slid her hand between my thighs and cupped my mound. "These are certainly nice and wet, I think it's safe to say you're turned on." My hips moved slightly against her hand, she had my throbbing clit in her palm. "So turned on," she continued, "and you didn't touch yourself. You must really need to cum right now." I moaned and nodded. "I'm happy to help you out," she said huskily.

Lily slowly moved her hand up and under the elastic of my underwear. She gently ran her fingers over my lips, which were full and aroused. Slowly, she slipped a finger inside my lips and ran it up over my clit. I gasped as she hit it. She circled around my clit again, and then flicked it. I cried out, feeling my tummy muscles clench at the pleasure of it. She settled into a stroking rhythm against my clit, which felt amazing after going so long without being touched.

"You're so wet," Lily whispered. "Was that me? Did I make you this wet?"

I nodded, my eyes closed as I enjoyed her touching, feeling the pleasure building.

"Tell me, tell me how turned on you are, how wet I've made you."

I swallowed, not quite trusting myself to speak. My voice was hoarse when it came out. "You're so sexy, watching you made me so wet."

"Does this feel good?"

"It feels amazing!" I gasped, feeling myself getting closer to cumming.

"Are you close baby?"

"Yes!" I moaned, feeling my hips start to buck against her fingers. Suddenly she moved her hand from my panties. I couldn't believe she had done it, another few seconds and I would have had an amazing orgasm. "Please!" I begged, "Please go back!"

Lily grinned at me. "I will Allie, but first unbutton your shirt. I want to see those gorgeous tits while I fuck you."

I was in a flustered state and it took a few seconds longer than I would have liked to unbutton my shirt. I sat up slightly and pulled it off, so she could see my milky white breasts and hard pink nipples.

Lily smiled. "Lie back Allie. I'm going to make you cum hard."

Lily slipped her hand back in my panties, I was so turned on that in a few strokes she had me back to where I was a few seconds ago, close to cumming. She slipped first one, then a second finger inside my pussy and used her thumb to keep rubbing against my clit. Both fingers thrust in and out. God it felt amazing, better even than when I touched myself. I was moaning loudly and my hips were bucking, I was so close.

"That's it Allie, fuck my fingers. Keep fucking my fingers and jiggling those gorgeous titties. Touch your tits for me Allie."

My hands went to my breasts, pulling on my nipples and adding to the pleasure Lily's fingers were giving me. "I'm going to cum!" I gasped.

"Cum for me Allie, cum on."

"I'm cumming!" I moaned, feeling an amazing orgasm spread though my entire body, my pussy clenching tightly on Lily's thrusting fingers. I can honestly say it was the most intense orgasm I have ever had. I lay panting on the bed for a few seconds as Lily took her hand from me. 

I watched as she licked all her fingers and moaned. "You taste delicious," she whispered.

I rolled over closer to her. "I want to taste you."

Lily smiled and lay back further. "Go ahead."

I hesitated slightly. "I've never...with another woman before."

"It's easy," Lily assured me. "You'll know what I like, and you know what you're looking for. Imagine where you would like to be eaten and you'll be on the right track."

Thinking about eating her was making me hot and wet again. I was still slippery from Lily fingering me earlier. I positioned myself between her thighs and slipped off her tiny panties, seeing her pussy for the first time. It was totally shaved, bare and glistening with her hot juices. I spread her legs and her outer lips opened, giving me a view of her hot, red pussy. Her clit was large and peeking out from under its hood. She smelled musky, similar to my own smell but slightly different. I leaned my head in slowly and licked her clit. Lily moaned and I knew I had hit the right spot. She tasted delicious and I wanted more. 

I settled into a comfortable position and started licking her clit again, very slowly, trying to tease her and prolong the pleasurable feeling. I gradually increased the pace of my licking in time to her soft moans, and stretched my hands out across her belly up to her firm tits. I concentrated on licking as I squeezed her hard nipples, knowing this was also turning her on and feeling her hips start to buck against my face. My own arousal was growing, my panties feeling damp and cool from the air as my juices started and my clit began throbbing again. I could tell from the noises Lily was making that she was getting close, I moved one hand from her breast and brought it down to her cunt. As I licked her clit, I slipped one finger inside her. She was so wet it slid in easily, so I added another and started thrusting them in and out, the same way she had fingered me.

"Oh God Allie!" Lily groaned, "that feels amazing! Keep going, keep fucking me baby!"

I increased the strokes of my fingers and my tongue, I could feel her walls gripping my fingers as I brought her closer. A few seconds later she let out a large moan and I felt her cum, her pussy clenching and unclenching around my fingers as she let the orgasm wash through her. I kept licking her hard clit, tasting her until she pushed my head away. "I can't take any more," she sighed happily. I sat up and licked the last of her delicious juices from my fingers. 

I heard the bedroom door creak, glanced over my shoulder and saw the figure of a man there. I quickly dived under the duvet and covered myself up, feeling my face burn. How long had Liam been standing there? How much had he seen?

Lily laughed. "Don't be so shy Allie! Liam is here as a present to you." She sat up and moved closer to me, trailing her arm down my shoulder and along to my hand. "I know you like him, I've seen the way you look at him. He likes you too you know."

I had been staring hard at the duvet, not wanting to look at his face. At Lily's words, I slowly lifted my eyes. He had moved further into the room, and I took in his muscular thighs, black boxers with a large hard on. My eyes hovered there as I felt my tummy do a small somersault, then they continued up his body, taking in his firm stomach and large chest with a light dusting of chest hair, then his broad, muscular shoulders and finally his face which was fixed on us with a look of desire.

Lily rummaged in her bedside cabinet then gently pushed me down so I was lying on my back on the bed. "This is going to be the best night of your life," she said, tugging both my arms above my head. I felt cool metal against my wrists as she fastened a pair of handcuffs around the bars at the head of the bed. I tugged gently but my hands were stuck there. I had never been tied up before but I liked it and could feel my clit start to throb at the thought of what might happen next.

Lily smiled at me and threw the duvet off me onto the floor. Liam stood at the end of the bed and stared down at my half naked body. I saw his eyes lingering on my breasts, my nipples were rock hard and I was dying for someone to touch them.

Lily seemed to read my mind and took my right breast in her hand. "Gorgeous, aren't they?" She flicked my nipple with her fingers, making me moan. Then she moved next to Liam at the end of the bed, leaned over to my hips, hooked her fingers into the waistband of my panties and slowly pulled them off. I was now totally naked while they were both staring at me. Lily pulled my legs apart so they could both get a good look at my pussy. Them staring was really turning me on and I knew I was sopping wet.

"Like what you see?" Lily asked Liam.

Liam's brown eyes moved from my pussy and he stared directly at my face. "Yeah."

Lily grinned. "She's pretty wet. But I'm betting we could make her even wetter."

Liam grinned back at Lily. "I bet we could. Without even touching her."

I frowned slightly. I wasn't sure about this no touching thing. Surely the whole point of this was that there would be lots of touching?

Lily straddled me, balancing on her knees and inched her way up so that her knees were next to my breasts. She stayed kneeling up so looking up at her I had a great view of her pussy.

"Like what you see?" she asked.

I nodded and licked my lips, desperate to taste her again.

Liam positioned himself directly behind her and Lily leaned forward and grabbed the head of the bed for support. Liam's hands slid up to Lily's breasts and I watched him cup them in both hands, squeezing and kneading them gently. Lily's eyes closed and she leaned her head back on Liam's broad shoulder. I watched his expert fingers massaging then tweaking her nipples. Liam then took one hand and slid it down to Lily's pussy, stroking her outer lips.

"Mmmm," Lily moaned. "That feels good."

I tugged against the hand cuffs, wanting to join in and touch one of them but they wouldn't budge. As I watched Liam slip his fingers into Lily's pussy lips my clit began to throb hard. I was desperate for touching there.

Liam's hand started to go into a rhythm, Lily's moaning increased. I watched his fingers thrusting back and forward, each time getting wetter and wetter. 

"Yes Liam! Yes! Right there," Lily moaned, her eyes closed. Liam's other hand was still massaging her breast, tugging on her nipple. Lily's hips started to rock back and forward against his hand and her knuckles were white from gripping the head rest. I was squirming underneath them, my legs clamped together trying to get some friction against my burning clit but it wasn't relieving the desperate need I felt.

"I'm getting close," Lily groaned, her hips bucking against Liam's fingers. I could see her arms trembling from her grip, hear the squelching noises of Liam's fingers expertly strumming her. Lily cried out, I saw her body jerk and she suddenly went silent as she came. Her face was gorgeously flushed and her hips twitched as Liam drew her orgasm out. She relaxed against him as he took his hand from her.

Lily looked down at me. "Did you like that Allie?"

"Yes," I moaned. I was so turned on but hopefully one of them would move onto me now. My thighs were wet and slippery from my juices. 

Lily tumbled off me and lay panting next to me on the bed. Liam was still straddling me. He reached down with the hand he had used to fuck Lily and squeezed my breast then my nipple, covering it in Lily's juices.

I moaned at his touch, it felt so good. "Is it my turn now?"

Liam grinned and put his fingers in my mouth. I hungrily licked Lily's juices from them. "Not yet. You're not ready yet."

I was the wettest I had ever been in my entire life and was so turned on I felt like I was going to explode. "I'm ready."

Liam's grin broadened. "You're not nearly ready yet."

Liam got off the bed and took off his boxers, revealing his gorgeously hard cock. I licked my lips, wanting to taste him, so suck him off so he came in my mouth. Then I wanted him to fuck me hard.

Lily knelt on all fours on my right side while Liam stood on my left. His cock was now level with her mouth. Lily leaned forward and licked the pre cum from his glistening head. Then she licked from the base of his shaft back up to his head again. Liam's eyes closed and he groaned slightly as Lily took his cock into her mouth and began pumping up and down whilst I squirmed underneath them.

Liam's hands tangled in Lily's hair as he thrust against her mouth. He started groaning and I watched transfixed on his cock going in and out, in and out. Liam's whole body was tensing and he was groaning loudly. Lily used one hand to stroke his balls as she brought him closer. I could tell he was close from the expression on his face, just before he came she moved her mouth from him so when he came he shot his load on me. I felt his hot, sticky cum land on my tummy, breasts and neck.
