 This story may be a bit long for some of you. There is no clever, action-filled plot. Just lots of sex!



My wife and I lay in each other's arms, basking in the after effects of incredibly good sex. Nikki had seemed to reach some higher plain this time. She had been extraordinarily enthusiastic this evening, and she had cum four times! I glanced over at her, and she had what I can only describe a contemplative look on her face, one that was dreamy and, perhaps, exotic as well.

"What are you thinking about?" I asked.

She didn't answer right away, but stared off dreamily at nothing in particular while her fingers continued to stroke through the hair on my chest.

"I've been having this fantasy recently, and I'm looking for the courage to discuss it with you."

We have been married for 15 years, and Nikki remains an incredibly beautiful, sexy woman with firm breasts, tight abs, and a delicious ass. In all honesty, I would probably indulge any fantasy she might desire.

"No need for courage. Just ask away," I replied.

"You know how some men have this fantasy to see their wives fuck another man?"

I didn't think I liked the direction this was headed. "Not a fantasy that I share."

"I know that. I was thinking more the other way around."

"You want to see me fuck another woman?" I asked incredulously.

"No," she replied, "your cock belongs to me, and only me. But you're getting warm."

I still had no idea what was on her mind. "Maybe you just ought to tell me what you're thinking. I can tell you for a fact that I have no idea what this is about."

"I want to watch you eat another woman's cunt!"

I was dumbfounded, but intrigued. "What brought this on?"

"Ellie, Kara and I had lunch on Tuesday. I guess maybe we had a little too much wine, and that loosened up our lips. Anyway, we got to talking about sex, and I told them about the incredible orgasms I have when you lick my cunt. They looked at me like I was from another planet. Apparently they haven't been as lucky. Kara told us that although Frank is more than willing to go down on her, it never makes her cum. And Ellie confided that despite the fact that he is in every other way a caring and passionate lover, Bill refuses to even try! I assured them that you were incredible in that department, and that I love being able to cum in your mouth. They both expressed jealousy since neither had ever experienced a tongue-induced orgasm.

"Anyway, Ellie, certainly emboldened by the alcohol, asked if I would be willing to lend you to them. We all giggled and went on to talk about other things. But all I could think about was this image I had in my head of your head between her legs, your tongue flicking back and forth on her clit until orgasm sweeps over her time after time. I got so hot thinking about It that my panties were starting to get wet. I had to excuse myself, go to the ladies' room, and get myself off. I've been thinking about it ever since, and I will confess that I had that image in my head tonight while you were eating my cunt. I finally got the courage to talk to you about it tonight when you asked me about my thoughts. What do you think?"

I had one of those rare moments when I was at a loss for words. I was having trouble sorting it all out. My beautiful wife was asking me whether or not I would be willing to lick her best friend's cunt. I have to admit I was interested and finally told her so, although I had questions.

"What's in it for me?" I asked. "Given you said my cock is only for you, it seems a bit one sided."

"First of all," she replied, "You really like to eat cunt, and you're really good at it. Second, Ellie and Kara look spectacular naked. I've seen them in the shower when we work out at the gym. I think it would be worth it for the view alone."

"Kara, too?"

"She was nodding her head pretty enthusiastically at Ellie's remark."

"Wow!" Such an inadequate remark, but it was all I could say.

"And," she added, "I'm sure I can come up with something pretty special to make it worthwhile for you." 

Nikki slid her hand down and ran her hand over my rapidly reawaking cock. All this talk of spectacular, naked women had rejuvenated the beast. My cock was still coated with both Nikki's cum and mine, but that didn't slow her down. Her head plunged downward, and took all nine plus inches of my cock straight into her mouth and down her throat. It occurred to me that she probably could make it worthwhile after all. Needless to say, I agreed to fulfill her fantasy!

The next day, I expressed concern as to how I could possibly pull this off, my not having any idea how to get either one of these women into a position where I could fulfill my obligations. Nikki told me she would handle all the arrangements. She would talk to Ellie and Kara and invite them to experience an orgasm induced by my tongue. And, by the way, Nikki planned to be there at all times as her fantasy was to see this happen, not just for her girlfriends to get off.

We also decided that to make it more erotic, we would role play a bit, with me being submissive to Nikki, and performing my tasks at her command. We both felt it would make this more exciting for Ellie and Kara.  I will admit that I was more than looking forward to this possibility, although I still had my doubts that it would ever happen.

About ten days later, Nikki came home from her office with a grin on her face. "You have your first date on Saturday night, with Ellie. Bill's away playing golf with a couple of his friends, and knows she's coming over to spend the evening with us. He just doesn't know all the details." The look on her face could only be describes as "lascivious!" 

"By the way," she added, "you'll need this."

Nikki tossed me a package wrapped in plain brown paper, which I immediately tore open. Its contents caught me by surprise. Her grin had gone from lascivious to evil.

"I told you your cock belongs to me alone. That harness is to make sure it stays that way!" 

The cock harness was leather, had a small padlock attached, and a D-ring for attaching a leash. This was going to be wilder than I thought.

"Ellie may cum in her panties before your tongue ever finds her clit when she sees that cock of yours, so luscious, snuggled safely in that harness where she cannot get to it."

Saturday finally arrived, the doorbell ringing at just about 8 PM. A light dinner would be served to the two ladies first, along with champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. Nikki wanted the sizzle to be there for Ellie to help ease her past any reservations she might have about what was to happen.

Nikki went to answer the door. She was wearing a collar engraved with the word "Mistress," a black garter belt attached to very sexy black stockings, and black, four-inch stilettos. Her breasts were completely exposed, as was her shaved cunt. She opened the door, inviting Ellie into the house, and giving her a warm hug. Nikki led her back to the great room where a table for two was beautifully, if simply, set. The room was lighted almost entirely my candles, with some help from the gas fireplace that burned just a few feet from the table. I could see from the expression on Ellie's face that she was completely awed by the outfit in which Nikki was dressed, and that she had expected nothing like this when she arrived. I was standing off to the side, more or less in the shadows. I doubt Ellie had even noticed I was there, yet, attention clearly focused on Nikki. There was more than a hint of excitement in Ellie's eyes. Nikki was obviously excited, too, her nipples standing erect from the delicious areoles. I was completely naked, except for the cock harness, which was lovingly put on and locked into place by my wife just a few minutes before Ellie's arrival.

"Come seat our guest, James!"

"Yes, Mistress."

Ellie finally became aware of my presence, and a visible tremble went through her body as I approached her chair. Her eyes quickly focused on my cock, and a slight intake of breath suggested that she was stirred by what she saw. I pulled her chair away from the table, and let her ease into it. I unfolded the cloth napkin at her place, and placed it in her lap. I repeated this process at Nikki's end of the table, but allowed my fingers to discreetly brush against her cunt while putting the napkin in her lap. 

At Nikki's request, I poured champagne for both women, and then stepped back into the shadows to await further instructions. This gave me the opportunity to really look over our guest. She was wearing a jade colored, form fitting dress that accentuated her excellent figure. I had never seen Ellie dressed in anything other than t-shirts and jeans, and those did little to show off her fantastic figure. Her breasts were excellent in size and shape, her nipples beginning to protrude through the fabric of the dress. I guessed she was not wearing much under the dress.

After about ten minutes, Ellie seemed to settle into the situation. She and Nikki spoke intimately, a conversation often punctuated by laughter and enjoyment. I noted that Ellie stole not infrequent glances at Nikki's breasts, not lustfully, but with great appreciation. I kept their champagne glasses filled, and most of a bottle was gone pretty quickly.

I served salads to them, followed by petite filet mignon and roasted red potatoes. They were obviously enjoying themselves, and they were now comfortably into the second bottle of champagne.

"James, bring dessert, immediately." 

I brought the tray of chocolate covered strawberries to the table, the perfect dessert for a delicious, well-prepared meal! The women ate the strawberries lovingly, erotically, and my cock began to stir, albeit in the confines of the harness. There was a great look of contentment on the face of our guest as the last strawberry passed her lips. Nikki was nearly flushed with anticipation, and I knew she would want to move things along.

At her nod, I walked over to Nikki and helped her from her chair. She reached onto a nearby table and picked up the leash she had purchased for this fantasy. She attached it o the D-ring on my cock harness, and then led me to Ellie's end of the table where I helped her from her chair as well.

"Ellie, I think it's time for you to have your cunt well eaten." Nikki handed the leash to her. Follow me back to the bedroom, and bring James with you." 

Ellie hesitated for just a moment, but then purposefully followed Nikki, pulling me along after her, my cock beginning to rise in response to the stimulation. I could clearly see Nikki's ass as we headed to the bedroom, and that excited me all the more.

When we arrived in the bedroom, Nikki took control of the leash and tied it to the bedpost. I stood there, immobile and at attention, waiting for Nikki's instructions. She turned to Ellie, and said, "Let me get you out of those clothes. You can't keep things covered up if you expect James to do his usual excellent job!" She stepped around Ellie and unzipped the dress, pulled it up over her head, and hung it carefully on the back of one of the chairs.

Nikki was right. Ellie was spectacular. I had also been right. Ellie had next to nothing on under her dress. Her breasts were large, well-formed, and upturned at the nipples. The areoles were huge, and Ellie's nipples were hard as nails, sticking out so far that they appeared to be trying to escape the luscious breasts. Her cunt was exquisite, mostly shaved with just a small triangle of pubic hair perched at the top of her cunt lips. Her only adornment was a miniscule red g-string, the fabric imbedded deeply between her labia. Nikki told her to leave the red heels and g-string in place, and then sit on the edge of the bed.

"You are going to cum like you cannot possibly imagine. Are you ready?"

Ellie nodded that she was, but seemed unable to speak. Nikki came and untied the leash, leading me to the bed in front of Ellie. My cock was now fully erect, trying to burst from the confines of the harness. But the lock was secure, and I noticed Nikki had the key on a chain around her neck. She placed a pillow on the floor in front of Ellie, and ordered me to kneel on the pillow. She laid the chain on the floor, but left the leash attached to my cock. She leaned over and gave Ellie's lips the briefest of kisses. She then turned to me and gave me a passionate, tongue-filled kiss before stepping around behind me where she gave my ass a single, hard slap.

"Make her cum!" she ordered. "Do whatever it takes."

I gently lifted Ellie's legs and placed the on my shoulders, simultaneously sliding my hands under her ass and pulling her gently closer to my waiting mouth. Her cunt was already beginning to respond to the eroticism of the evening as evidenced by the slight trickle of cum that was working its way from her cunt down to her ass. I pulled the saturated g-string out of the way with my teeth, leaned forward, and gave her a very gentle kiss right on her clit. The effect was nearly electric as she jerked involuntarily at the touch as she sucked air in through her teeth.

I slid my handss out from under her ass and moved them around to her abdomen, just above and beside her cunt. I ran my fingers tips along the sides of her pubic hair, gently raking her with my finger nails, causing her stomach to flutter. My tongue found her right thigh, maybe three or four inches from her increasingly wet cunt. I licked gently up to edge of labia, and then repeated the process on her left thigh as well. My licks were painstakingly slow, intended to raise her level of desire, making her more wanton. She squirmed under my ministrations, and it was easy to tell that she was hot for her first oral orgasm.

I licked all around her cunt, letting my tongue come enticingly close to her now nearly sopping wet pussy. She was squirming, and trying to push her cunt closer to my mouth. I finally moved back to her cunt, letting my tongue rest at the very bottom where the labia come back together. I licked slowly upward until my tongue reached the inviting entrance to her cunt. Another shiver went through her body as my tongue forced its way into the opening and began to work increasingly quickly in and out of her cunt. I gently kissed and worked my way up her labia, and quickly ran my tongue across her clit. She jerked so hard I thought she might cum immediately, so I backed off before she went over the edge.

Her clit was now fully engorged, and the pinkness of her labia seemed to be darkening as more blood rushed to her sensitive snatch. I slipped my hands back under her ass, and moved my tongue back to the bottom of her cunt and began to work my way in the opposite direction, toward her ass. As I approached her tight hole, her body began to tremble, and the first touch by my tongue caused the sharpest spasm she had experienced so far. I rimmed her ass with my tongue, and she continued to writhe. I forced the top of my tongue into her, and she nearly convulsed from the sensation.  It was obvious this was something she had never before experienced. I worked my way back to her cunt, again sucking its now soaking wet entrance before once again heading for her clit. I gently kissed her clit, and then began flicking my tongue back and forth across it, gradually increasing both the tempo and pressure with my tongue. She came in less than one minute, a noisy orgasm that had her head thrashing back and forth while lusty screams emanated from her lips.

I wrapped my mouth more tightly around the upper part of her cunt, enclosing her clit, sucking hard to create a near vacuum that helped extend her clit farther into my mouth. Simultaneously, I began to massage her clit with circular sweeps of my tongue until she once again screamed as her back arched and she lifted her cunt more firmly into my mouth. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me in tighter.

"Eat me. Eat me. Suck my cunt"

Her cum was pouring out of her cunt and down to her ass. As I continued to strum her clit with my tongue, I began making circular motions on her ass with my thumb, her self-lubrication more than ample to keep her "greased up." As I continued to massage, I began working my thumb harder past her tight rosebud, until with one final push I got my thumb into her ass. This immediately caused another orgasm, and even more cum gushed from her cunt, down my chin and onto her ass. My thumb flew in and out of her ass with increasing speed as my tongue continued its dance with her hard, throbbing clit. She came three more times, and then I heard another orgasm, this one from Nikki. My eyes darted over to where she sat nearby, a vibrator firmly imbedded between her legs, and a second orgasm soon swept over her as well.

Ellie's grip on my head began to relax, and it was obvious that she was completely spent. She had cum at least seven times, maybe eight, and she just lay there trembling and satisfied. There was a huge smile on her face. I felt a tug of the leash on my cock harness. I gave Ellie's cunt one last kiss, and then was led back to the foot of the bed by Nikki who once again tied me to the bedpost.

When Ellie was finally able to move, she stood up and gave Nikki a long, hard hug. She allowed Nikki to help her back into her dress, and then off she went without another word to me.

Nikki was back in a few minutes, and went into the bathroom, briefly. My cock was rock hard and straining against the harness. I needed release, and soon. I was hoping Nikki's "reward" would be as incredible as I was imagining! She came out of the bathroom, walked over to me, and gave me another huge, tongue filled kiss. Ellie's cum was still all over my face, but tasting another woman's cunt on my face seemed to turn her on all the more!

Nikki led me around to the side of the bed where the pillow was still on the floor. She knelt down on the pillow, removed the leash, and then used the key around her neck to free my throbbing cock from its prison. It felt almost as though I exploded when I was released, my cock springing up to nearly 10 inches, about a half an inch longer than usual. Nikki pounced on my cock, driving it to the back of her throat in one move, sucking it and running her tongue along its full length as she swallowed it time after time. She gently kissed the head of my cock, making it throb, and then jumped up on the bed, telling me to join her.

"Time for your reward," she cooed.

Nikki had me lie on my back, my hard on now pointed toward the ceiling. She turned her back toward me, and then straddled my cock, dropping into a squatting position. She seized my cock in her right hand, and then eased herself down. As I watched her, I saw that she was aiming my cock toward her ass. A quick glance showed me she had greased up her ass with petroleum jelly, and was ready to deliver on her promise to do something special for me. With the lubrication, my cock slid into her ass easily enough, and she soon had me fully inside of her. She began slowly at first, but soon began to pump her ass up and down more rapidly on my cock, taking it all the way in on every stroke. She was moaning and near screaming, and I cannot remember every feeling anything quite so tight and erotic in my life.

I felt my cock gain that little extra bit that it often does right before it explodes, and I involuntarily thrust up to meet her on her down stroke. She screamed, and I shot what felt like the biggest wad of cum ever into the depths of her ass. She sat down on me with my cock still insider her, and waited until it shrunk and plopped noisily from the musty depths of her ass.

She turned around and came to lie in my arms. She kissed me over and over again, telling me that watching me make Ellie cum had really turned her on. She couldn't wait to see me do it again. "But how was it for you?" she asked.
