 She took a deep breath as the uniqueness of the Story Room assailed her senses. The bitter coffee mixing with the sweet and spicy scents of hard liquor; the muted light that illuminated and softened those who bathed in it. It had been a long day, longer than she had liked or expected, she needed this. There was nothing more relaxing that a quiet drink at the Story Room. So named for its patrons and their love of reading. This cosy watering hole welcomed the bookish with open arms, overly comfortable chairs, and tonight, cupcakes.

That was why she was here, it was always hardest to stay away on cupcake night, normally she only had one but, after a day like today she motioned the girl behind the counter for two of the blue iced ones. As she made her way to her seat she glanced around at the other patrons. There was a few other already enjoying tonight's special: the older couple who always had a pink, a young man pretending to read Inferno, nervously enjoying a blue one, and a striking woman with a green cupcake who was returning her regard over a well-used copy of The DaVinci Code. As the woman continued to stare, she felt her nipples tighten and she found herself taking a booth where both women could continue to observe each other.

The spell was broken as her order arrived: two blue cupcakes placed in the middle of her table along with a modest bottle of dessert wine. While she really only wanted a glass, she knew there would be friends arriving soon so the bottle was the more prudent choice. As she settled in to wait, her own book was produced and she lost herself to an enticing adventure of bounty hunters and spies... 

"Excuse me, it appears we have similar tastes in authors," grey-green eyes smiled down at her from a golden brown face caped with dark glossy curls. She gave him a once over: broad shoulders that filled out his white button down shirt quite nicely, strong forearms that hinted at a man who worked on his body both at the gym, and if the inky scroll sliding down his wrist was any indication, and the tattoo parlour. She returned his smile as he glanced down at her two bold cupcakes.

Offering her a cheeky grin he continued, "This place is always so crowded, would you mind if my friend and I joined you?" gesturing to another man, similar in height with a slighter build, and fairer complexion. She took a drink to stall while she looked both men over, her heart beating more rapidly as she considered what was really being offered. These men had obviously enjoyed cupcake night before and understood how the game worked. It wasn't a binding contract, and it wasn't often that she needed to rescind the offer, but tonight was different, tonight was two. As she drank her eyes met with the silent observer, who was at this moment watching the whole interaction with interest. Once again she felt her body respond with a tightening in her lower stomach. She returned to the problem at hand and invited both men to her table with a nod.

Her gentlemen introduced themselves as Alex and Kyle and sat either side of her in the booth. Like normal on cupcake night, she felt no need to begin the conversation and returned to her book all the while aware of Kyle's thigh pressed up against hers as he too began reading. Alex it seemed, was happy just to sit and enjoy his drink. She took this time to give Alex a closer look. His blond hair was trapped in a bun at the back of his head and while he wasn't as broad as Kyle; the set of his shoulders and chest belied a certain strength. He shifted in his seat, "You know, it's very rude to stare," he murmured near her ear, shifting closer but making sure not to touch any part of her. 

She blushed in response, returning to her book, as she shifted forwards she felt Alex's hand trailing along her back. They were just light, small touches but it was enough to increase her heart rate and send blood rushing to her clit. Although she continued to read, she adjusted herself ever so slightly to allow him more access. This in turned caused her thigh to rub up against Kyle's long, warm thigh. It was a chain reaction of light touch: as Alex touched her, her movements touched Kyle and Kyle touched her back. He continued to read but lightly placed a hand on her thigh providing similar small touches to Alex's. While an onlooker would have noticed Alex's hand on the small of her back, it was difficult for anyone but an astute observer to notice what Kyle was doing.

Alex was the first to notice their own astute observer, this time when he leaned into speak to her, he took the opportunity to press his body against her own.

"It would seem you, have an observer" he murmured again in her ear, as he leaned back his hand slid down to take hers, "shall we give her something worth observing?"

She didn't know what to do, she wasn't normally one for any sort of overt displays, particularly in front of so many people. She raised her eyes from her book, once again locking onto the stare of the watcher whose expression seemed to mirror her own. There was a need there, and as the watcher slightly licked her parted lips, Alex placed his own lips lightly on her raised hand. She exhaled in a rush, and nodded her consent to Alex. Once again he raised her hand to her lips, pressing a small chaste kiss across her palm as he moved in closer to her once again. Alex released her hand to rest on his thigh, "You know, it's very sexy watching a woman immersed in a book" his hot breath caused goose bumps to break across her neck, "especially you, your expression is very intense and I find myself wondering what it would take to break your concentration." She shivered at this implication, her eyes not leaving the page, her only response a tightening of her hand on his thigh. Alex moved in closer, her body now surrounded by the warmth of these two very different men, and drew his attention down to her exposed shoulder, lightly nuzzling the warm skin exposed there. As she continued to read she felt Kyle's hand venture to her inner thigh, still in small strokes, but enough for her to part her thighs a little wider. 

It was becoming harder and harder to concentrate as Alex's warm breath played along her shoulder and Kyle's hand ventured further and further up her thigh. A small sound escaped her as she found herself wishing Kyle's hand would travel further. "Shhh," Alex whispered, "you will ruin the game, but if you like, you could tell me what our observer is doing..."

She raised her eyes slowly, sure that everyone would know what was going on, her skin was so warm, surely someone would see the blush. Most of the room was still intent on their own books and cupcakes. Her watcher though was different, while there was still a book on her table, all pretext of reading had stopped. With Kyle's hand playing higher and higher up her thigh, she leaned back to describe the watcher to Alex. 

"So she likes what she is seeing," Kyle finally turned to face her, still with a cheeky grin on his face. "Keep watching her," he ordered, "She's going to love this." With that he returned to his book but his hand had reached that point of warmth between her thighs and he rested his hand on her panties, placing light pressure on her pussy lips and clit. Her thighs widened in response and then two things happened at once.

"You know she can see under the table," Alex commented while Kyle slid one finger past her panties and into her warm pussy. Her hand tightened on Alex's thigh as she raised her hips in response. This time she couldn't stop herself as a small moan escaped her lips. As Kyle's fingers slid slowly into her pussy he turned to her and Alex, "I think it's time we leave" his fingers never wavered as he continued to stroke her inside. 

"I agree" Alex responded, once again raising her hand to his lips, "but before we do, you need to cum" he said raising his eyes to hers. "Fuck his fingers until you cum, and then we can leave". She bit her lip, she was worried they would get caught but god she was wet.

Kyle moved to whisper in her ear, "baby you're already doing it, I can feel your hips pushing you back against my hand. And when you're all done. Well there's nothing I like better than eating a Just-Cummed pussy." She leant back for leverage and thrust her hips harder. All the while Kyle read his book and Alex leant back so he could watch the minuscule movement of her hips that was bringing her so much pleasure. It wasn't enough, she needed more friction, untangling her hand from Alex's she reached under their table grasping onto Kyle's hand instead. Pushing it closer into her pussy, she created a solid presence on her clit. She could hear Kyle's breathing increase as she thrust harder and longer against his hand. "Careful baby," Alex whispered but she didn't care, she was so close. She pushed herself against Kyle's hand one last time as her clit released its explosion. It was Kyle's turn to grasp as her pussy tightened around his hand and as her orgasm abated he growled to them "we need to leave. Now".

Kyle pulled her from the booth, his hand still damp from her pussy and they made to leave. As they made for the door she stopped abruptly, causing Alex to bump into her. She had stopped in front of the watcher, whose own skin was flushed, her breathing a little too rushed. The watcher stared as she was offered her other hand. Nothing was said as she rose to join them.