 Curious or bored? Stephanie couldn't decide which as she browsed sex pages focused on group sex. The MMF or, even better, MMMF ones; the FMF didn't catch her interest. Something about the thought of being surrounded by all those stiff cocks thrilled her. Since breaking up with her last boyfriend, sex had been limited to her trusty vibrator. She had been a steady one-man girl until her ex had insisted she watch some porn with him. While she'd pretended indifferent at the time, the group scene had aroused her curiosity.

Okay, it had aroused more than her curiosity, she was feeling pretty wet just looking at more. She grabbed said trusty vibe out of the desk drawer and switched it on. Her nipples tightened even more as the vibrations raced up her arm. She clicked play on a particular scene of a woman surrounded by four of those throbbing hard cocks and let it play, her own moans soon joining the scene. She tweaked a nipple as the vibrator slid between her pussy lips and added fire to her clit. She began thrusting the quivering plastic cock, her eyes just catching the action on the screen. She moaned louder at the thought of that being her surrounded by that pounding meat, her hand thrusting the vibe harder and harder, bearing down on her clit, her finger on her nipple pinching hard. The men on screen were still going on their pleasure as her climax caught her.

Curiosity or boredom? She still couldn't decide. She watched the scene finish playing out as she thrust the vibe through a series of smaller climaxes. Maybe I just need a new boyfriend, she mused, pulling out the cloth and cleaner to clean old trusty.

She paused mid-swipe. Or more than one. She finished the cleaning job and put away her toy quickly. Wasn't there a message board on this page? Yes, and there a section for meeting up with others. Stephanie hesitated, but then created a quick user ID and began typing up her own ad. There, see if that gets any response.

-------------------------------

Boredom. That was definitely the reason she checked her email account from work to see if there had been any responses. Well, she wasn't bored anymore! She spent the rest of the day reading through the sometimes deliciously wicked responses. Though, more than a few went in the trash bin!

At home, she checked out the pictures that had been attached to many. Some of these guys were NOT afraid to bare it all!

A guy whose group of friends loved servicing women together finally caught her eye. He had included a picture of the group standing strongly at attention. He said they were about half an hour away from her designated location and would love to meet up with her. He suggested something public, like dinner, for a first meeting with all of them.

After another several hours of reading through responses, she decided to at least contact the group for dinner. She jotted off a quick response suggesting a casual place nearby for that weekend. His response was surprisingly fast that they'd be happy to meet up with her.

----------------------------

Curiosity. That was what she was feeling as she waited at the restaurant. A casual place, it would be like a group of old friends getting together. With the chill weather, she wore a fluffy red sweater over a cream blouse with stylish black slacks. Her favorite push up bra and satin thong reminded her of why she was really here and she wondered if tonight would be the night.

"Stephanie?" came a voice behind her.

She turned and almost didn't recognize the ringleader clothed, "Tom? I almost didn't recognize you!"

He smiled, realized exactly what she meant; with clothes! He gestured to the three gentlemen behind him, "You remember Rich, Hugh, and Frank?"

"Of course!" she smiled as if she'd known them for years instead of seconds, "I put our name in and –" the pager in her hand began buzzing and chiming, "Perfect timing! There we are!"

The five were given a cozy corner booth. The men gave Stephanie an edge seat so she didn't feel in any way contained. They started off over appetizers chatting about daily life, which, along with a bottle of wine, took the edge of the nerves. After dessert arrived, Tom steered the conversation to the real reason for the meeting.

"So, Stephanie, having second thoughts?"

She flushed a bit, "Not really. This has been a wonderful evening just talking with you. You ... you said you have done this type of thing before? Are you like a service or what?"

The men all laughed.

"Not a service," Rich spoke up.

"We got started in college," Hugh added, "We were housemates; shared one of those on campus houses."

"We were watching the Super Bowl when one of the girls decided to see how much she could distract us," Frank supplied.

"I still don't remember the score at the end," Rich grinned, "But I know we ALL scored more than once that night!"

"That story snuck around campus and there were a few other girls who had the same fantasy," Tom continued, "And in the years since we graduated, they've sent a few friends our way. Plus the boards where we found you."

"Hey, if you've got a gift, use it!" Rich laughed.

"So what made you decide to try something like this out?" Hugh asked.

Stephanie blushed again, "My ex-boyfriend, he had this porn he wanted to watch with me. It had one of those group scenes where this girl takes on all these guys and it really turned me on. Since we broke up, I keep looking up the sites that have stuff like that. Not sure if I'm just bored or curious, but I thought I should at least give it a try!"

"Well, we're glad you did," Frank laughed, "You are one sexy lady and I, for one, am looking forward to seeing more of you!" His eyes said he didn't mean as in more time with her and Stephanie turned bright red at that thought.

"Steph," Tom turned it back around, "If you're sure you want to go on with this, we need to lay some ground rules. If there's something you don't want, tell us up front."

"We also need to set a time," Hugh pointed out, "Though if you're not doing anything else tonight, why waste time?"

"Actually, guys," Rich cast a glance around the restaurant, "This is a bit much of a family restaurant for this topic. Let's go back to the house."

"You still live together?" Stephanie asked in surprise while Tom took care of the check before she could protest to paying for her own meal.

"Why not?" Frank asked, "Sure makes life easier sometimes and we get along okay."

Stephanie followed them back to their house, feeling both nervous and excited.

Once in the house and seated around the living room, Tom got back to business.

"Ground rules, Steph," he started, "If there's anything you don't want us to do, tell us up front. If there's anything you do want in particular, tell us."

"Like some girls just don't like anal," Rich shrugged, "Just too painful or they think it's nasty."

"No, I like that," Stephanie commented, "I ... I can't think of anything I really don't want you to do. I'm not fond of swallowing but if you really want me to..."

The guys exchanged glances, almost seeming to communicate telepathically for a moment.

"Come here," Tom coaxed. When Stephanie had moved to his recliner, he pulled her down into his lap and began kissing her.

The man could kiss! Stephanie melted into it. His lips moved over hers, coaxing it open for his tongue to leisurely explore and caress her tongue. She felt hands behind her begin massaging her shoulders, then leading down to massage her breasts. Other hands slipped off her socks and shoes and began massaging her feet. A third set quickly undid her pants and slipped a hand inside. The first set was now unbuttoning her sweater and then her blouse, easing them off her shoulders.

"She's soaked," she thought it was Hugh who spoke, but it was hard to tell between the kisses, the hands on her breasts and pussy, and hands stroking her legs. Her mind was quickly turning to mush.

Hands (Tom's?) gripped her waist and convinced her to stand up and the kisses stopped while her pants were slipped off of her.

"Gorgeous," Frank muttered tracing kisses across her shoulders, "I knew it!"

He undid her bra and then grabbed her breasts as it fell, capturing the nipples to tease and please them between his fingers. Other hands slipped the soaking thong as well.

She felt a hard cock being pressed into her hand (when had they had time to strip?!) and she squeezed it, bringing a groan from the owner. A second was pressed into her other hand and she began squeezing them. It felt odd, they were differently shaped and sized, but still rock hard. The feeling of them thrilled her and she began running her hands up and down them, earnestly pleasing them as much as she could with one hand alone.

"The sofa," another voice muttered.

She opened her eyes, which had been closed as she enjoyed the pleasures, as her breasts were released and then cocks pulled from her hands. Tom was sitting on the sofa putting on a condom. In the back of her mind, she was pleased to note the use. Smiling, she stepped over and knelt to straddle the large throbbing meat. He held her hips when she would dip down to take him in.

"Just a minute," he smiled, "Let Frank go first for lube."

"She's so wet," Frank commented from behind her, the tearing of paper foil telling her he was applying his own condom.

Then she felt him pressing into her, filling her. Tom grabbed a nipple in his mouth, nibbling and suckling, causing her to drip more as Frank's cock plunged back and forth several times.

"Nice and tight," Frank groaned, "You're gonna love this one."

He pulled out and pushed her down to Tom's cock. She hesitated with it right at her entrance, then dropped down and took it all in at once. Tom groaned and released her nipple, then grabbed both breasts and began going back and forth between the two, nipping and licking the nipples.

She felt a cock at the backdoor entrance. She tried to catch her breath and relax, but the bliss Tom was causing made it hard to concentrate. Then she felt a cock at her cheek, then the other. She released the back of the sofa she had been gripping to grab them and began rubbing them on her face, licking them in turn, and trying to suck both at once.

While she was so distracted, Frank took the opportunity to begin plundering into her ass. She gasped and pushed back against him, pulling Tom's cock out of her pussy to do so. Frank then slammed into her, pushing her back down onto Tom's cock. She moaned around her mouthful of cock and the men filling her began to fuck her.

No real finesse, just flat out pounding in and out of her, trapped between the two men while two other cocks fought for the attention of her mouth. She loved it, reveled in it, sucked and squeezed and massaged. A climax ripped through her with no warning, the pleasure finally building to that point. She gasped and bounced and sucked harder on the cock currently in her mouth, squeezing hard on the base of the one in her hand. That seemed to do it for that cock. With a groan, her face was covered in the sticky cum. She sucked even harder on the one in her mouth, squeezing on the base of that one. With his friend finishing his climax, the owner of the cock in her mouth grabbed her head and began full out face fucking her.

She was lost in sensation, lost to the world of thrusting cocks pounding into her. Then the one in her mouth pulled out and sprayed all over her face as Tom grabbed her hips and thrust upward and Frank thrust down, their own climaxes washing over them. They crushed her between them, filling her to the fullest, as more yet anther climax washed over her.

When they finally let her up, Rich was waiting and carefully washed the cum off her face.

"From the grin, I take it you enjoyed," Hugh commented with a grin of his own.

Stephanie could only nod as she slid off of Tom's cock to curl up against the arm of the sofa.

"So, ready for round two?" Rich asked, reaching for the box of condoms.

Stephanie could only grin even bigger. Curiosity, she decided, moving to climb into Rich's lap, that was what had led her here tonight. And she felt more like the cat who had gotten the cream than the one said to have met curiosity!