 Special dedication to Amy and Lady 'L'

"Hi, this is Barb. Is this Amy?"

"Yes, this is Amy. Hello!"

"Hi...err, God, I can't believe I'm doing this!"

"Don't worry Barb. I've never done it either. I mean, I've never actually talked to someone I met on the Internet, never mind a sex website," said the youthful, feminine voice.

"It's just, I'm not really sure of...what we're even supposed to talk about. Ya know?" I asked and paced.

"Well, you have a very sexy voice. I just knew you would," she added, trying to calm my concerns.

"You mean, not bad, for an old broad?" I laughed.

"Hey Barb, we're gonna have to get past that age thing, OK? I mean it doesn't mean that much to me," insisted Amy.

"So, it doesn't bother you that at 50-something I'm old enough to be your mother?"

"No. If anything, it kind of turns me on! I don't think I have a mother complex, or anything weird like that. And, for sure, I’m not a lesbian. It's just that lately I been wondering what it would really be like..." She paused.

"What would it be like to have sex with a woman?" I guessed.

"YES, exactly. And, well, when I read some of your stories, specially "Sex in the Spa", it made me sooo hot!" She cooed.

"To be honest, it got me hot writing it too! I have to admit that," I agreed and blushed.

"God Barb, was that a true story? I mean did that really happen with you and your sister-in-law?" She begged.

"Pretty much so, yeah. Oh I took some literary liberties and embellished a few scenes, but for the most part..."

"WOW! Now I really am hot! Just the thought of you three mature babes gettin' it on like that for real! WOW! You must get all kinds of feedback?"

"Yeah Amy, I did! Typically, most of it was from my male readers, and that's to be expected. But, what I didn't plan on was the many sweet and erotic email responses from women!"

"Really?" She questioned, but I could tell by her tone, she wasn't surprised.

"There was one lady in particular, I mean beside yourself, that sounded really hot. Her name was... we'll just call her Lady "L", she had 40DD's and she wanted to..., well you can imagine. It was awfully inviting!"

"Hmmm. Maybe you should contact her, and I could watch the two of you make out?"

"So you would just wanna watch, is that it?" I asked pointedly.

"Well, it's like I said, I'm just bi-curious," she said timidly.

"Curious? Oh, I see! So, how much would it take to quench your curiosity?"

"I... I don't know," she stuttered.

"How far would you let my experienced hands travel up your curvilicious 22-year-old body?"

"I... I can't say," she whispered slowly.

"When I brush back your long brown hair, and lightly kiss your neck, are you  more than a little curious?"

"I..."

"When your dark eyes are mere inches from my blue eyes, and my hand behind your head cradles your lips to meet mine; when the passion of our first kiss offers only the desire for more and more seduction, will you still be curious for more?

"YES, GOD YES!!

"Me too, Baby!"

"Jesus Christ, Barb! I've never thought the first time I had phone sex it would be with a woman? You are something else, Honey!"

"So are you, Amy. So are you."

"Hey, I just had a thought. I've got some vacation time coming; maybe we should meet?" She asked, like a kid anticipating a new toy.

"I think that sounds workable!" I answered, with my own brand of youthful exuberance.

It was then, we made plans to meet at a neutral location that would be a comfortable driving distance for both of us. After some web surfing, I found a little bed-n-breakfast that seemed ideal. Many more heated phone conversations finalized our itinerary. In order to keep our meeting discreet, I suggested that I reserve a room in my name with Amy listed as my daughter. She was amiable to that arrangement, and we both eagerly awaited our secret rendezvous.

The days slowly came and went; the miles stretched on forever, until finally I caught sight of the interstate exit sign. Another 35 miles and our little hideaway was in sight. It was only then my heart sank. What if we didn’t turn each other on? What if there simply no physical attraction, or chemistry? God, what if we didn’t care for each other AT ALL? Worst of all, what if all this was an elaborate hoax set up by some sick pervert to do me in? But she sounded so sweet and sincere, I just HAD to trust in my female intuition. I was sure these thoughts were flashing through both our brains. Oh well, I’ve come these many miles; I can’t turn around now.

The old renovated Victorian house was just the sort of romantic abode I had imagined. A worn Persian carpet greeted me at the door and muffled my steps, as I made my way to a tiny counter with pigeon-holed mail boxes behind. I detected the wholesome smell of fresh-baked bread and rang the bell. Expecting to see some old lady clothed in 19th century garb, I was taken back at the appearance of a 30-something young man in shorts and muscle shirt.

“I’m sorry. Have you been waiting long?” Asked the smiling, dark-haired owner.

“Why no, I just got here,” I said, returning his cute smile.

“I’m John, and you must be… Barbara, right?” He offered his flour-covered hand.

I shook his hand, pretending not to notice the white substance. Glancing down at his tanned muscular legs, I caught sight of the powder and blushed.

“Yes, but you can call me Barb.”

“Dam, I’m sorry. I’ve got flour all over you,” he apologized and tried wiping it from my black knee-length skirt.

Wiping it only caused the flour to deepen into the fabric. Noticing his mistake, he knelt at my feet, pulled the skirt apart and tried his best to brush it off. Though his determination was commendable, I was becoming self-conscious by his overt actions. Intent on erasing his error, he partially raised my skirt

“That’s quite all right. Don’t worry about it. I can get it out later,” I said, lightly touching the top of his head.

I wondered what someone might think if they came in and caught sight of his maneuvers and location. With one hand halfway up inside the front of my skirt, he raised his face to look at mine.

“I am so sorry, Ma’am. Tell you what, if Carol can’t take it out, I’ll run it to the cleaners,” he said sheepishly.

“Carol?” I asked.

“Yeah, Carol’s my w-“ he started, when a female voice chimed in.

“His wife,” she continued.

Dressed in short-short denim coveralls with a pink tube top peaking through the sides, Carol eyed us with hands on hips.

“Trying to feel up our guests again, John. You naughty boy,” she scolded.

“Hi, I’m Carol. I see you’ve already met my degenerate husband,” she said grinning.

“Hi. I’m Barb. I believe we talked on the phone?”

“Yes, I took your reservation,” she remarked and moved me away from blushing John and toward the counter.

“Does he always…” I began.

“No. No, Actually I think that’s the first time I’ve caught him with his hand up another lady’s skirt!” She admitted, with a dry humor.

Her nonchalant demeanor coupled with her attractive good looks made for quite an appealing package. Her messy strawberry-blond hair framed a sunny red, right-off-the-farm face that sparkled with the age of a woman in her late twenties, I guessed. 

“How long are you planning on staying with us, Barb?”

“Well, I’m not really sure. Like I mentioned on the phone, it kind of depends on how long my daughter can stay. She’s attending college in New York. This is her summer break. I’m not sure if she has other plans,” I said, just as rehearsed.

“I see. Well, she hasn’t arrived yet. Can I show you to your room?” Said Carol smiling.

“You folks have a beautiful place here –very romantic!” I noted, as we climbed a long staircase.

“Thanks. We have had to put plenty of work into the ‘ole girl, but I think it’s worth it. Hope you don’t mind having your room down the hall from ours?” Carol asked.

“No. I’m sure that will be fine,” I replied.

“I only mention it because…, well, don’t let my Doris Day looks fool you. Sometimes John and I can get rather, shall we say, noisy,” she turned and winked.

“Hey, you two are a very attractive couple. I’m sure we’ll have no problem with a little “noise”, I said, beaming.

Carol opened a large wooden door into a bedroom that was simply gorgeous. White lace everywhere. Antique furniture dotted the perimeter, with two quilted, twin-size beds against the longest wall. Two fresh-cut flower arrangements stood proudly on both nightstands with a fragrance that was awesome.

“It simply elegant; just as I imagined!” I exclaimed and gave her a firm side-to-side friendly squeeze, with my hand on her shoulder.

She reciprocated by moving her arm across her ample chest and squeezing my hand. “I’m so glad you like it, Barb! I hope your daughter will too?”

“I’m sure she will. We both love Victorian houses and this… well this is PERFECT!” I said, gently pulling my hand from her grasp and down her arm. “Just look at this view. Is that your lake?” I said, walking toward the window.

“Yes. We’ll I mean, we have free access to it. Maybe you two ladies will join us for a swim later?” She asked.

“Sure, that might be fun!” 

“Hey Barb! Your daughter’s here. She’s on her way up!” I heard John yelling from downstairs.

Oh God, Amy’s here already! This is all too soon, I thought, trying to fix my hair in the oval mirror. Oh well, I could be waiting and pacing in anticipation, this way I have to just confront her sooner.

“Hi ladies!” She said, standing at the door.

I turned to catch the sight of a stunning brunette. God, how young she is! And beautiful! Is this the passionate girl I talked to on the phone? Is this the sexy beauty that wrote that suggestive email? One look in those naughty brown eyes and that room-filling smile, I knew it had to be her.

However, I instantly felt ancient and must have blushed beet red, when she quickly glided across the room to greet me. The fresh scent of her perfume and the nearness of her almost took my breath away.

“Hi MOM!” She exaggerated and threw her slender arms around me to give me a peck on the cheek.

The fake daughter-mother kiss sent a chill through me. I gathered my wits enough to introduce Carol to Amy and watched the two women exchange pleasantries. Observing these two young maidens made me feel uneasy and distant, considering the obvious age difference.

“Well, I’d better let you two get reacquainted. Dinner will be at 8 o’clock,” stated Carol, pulling the old door shut behind her.

The door slam seemed to echo in the long, nervous silence that followed. We just stood a few feet from each other and stared. 

“SO, did you have a good trip?” I stammered cautiously, trying to break the ice.

Another irritating silence; more staring. Suddenly her dark eyes started to well up.

“What’s wrong?” I asked.

“You don’t like me, do you?” She asked.

“How can you say that? No, I think you’re incredible! It’s just that…”

“What is it then? You keep turning your head away,” she noticed.

“It’s just… Amy, you’ll think I’m being weird,” I started.

“No. Go ahead. Tell me,” she said impatiently.

“It’s the age thing, Amy. I didn’t think it would bother me, but maybe it does,” I admitted.

“Oh, is THAT all. You had me scared,” she said relieved.

She came closer and took my hand in hers. Raising it up to her cheek, her other hand softly caressed my cheek. Watching her eyes dart from one part of my face to another, I tentatively returned the caress.

“Like I said before, Barb. You’re going to have to get passed that whole age difference thing. I want you to like me for WHO I am, not how OLD I am,” she said slowly.

Moving her fingers inside the collar of my satin blouse, she prodded the back of my head. This brought our faces within an inch of each other.

“And, WHO I am is VERY attracted to who you are,” she whispered, and lightly brushed her lips against mine.

I couldn’t hold back a second longer. The longing to meet her coupled with the desire to have her. I vowed to myself at that moment, now is not the time to think of how old I am; rather it’s how young she can make me feel! Closing my eyes, I kissed her wet inviting lips. Our mouths opened simultaneously and our tongues danced together like they were on fire.

“Oh God, Barb. You taste every bit as delicious as I imagined!”

“So do you!” I managed to say, as my kisses inched their way down her long supple neck.

She shook her long brown locks and lay her head back, revealing the top of her blouse for my discovery. I backed away to gain greater access. It was plain to see she was comfortable with me in a dominant role. I quickly unbuttoned her sleeveless oxford blouse and opened her tight fitted jeans. She flung her sandals off and tossed her blouse aside, while I peeled down her jeans. Feeling up the soft, yet toned skin of her unblemished thighs, I detected the familiar female scent of her. 

The sudden intoxication I felt for her made it dam hard not to reach over right then and rip her panties down. I don’t think she would have objected if I had. There was something inside me that wanted to savor these first tender moments and not rush things. She had said she was bi-curious. I wasn’t sure if that meant she’d actually been with another woman or not. If she hadn’t, then I wanted her first time to be as meaningful as it was for me; not some wham-bam-thank-you-lust that you expect from a man. Her sweet little moans told me she wanted more.

I got to my feet and we continued our passionate kisses. Running my hands over her shoulders, I gently pulled her bra straps down. That’s when her hands stopped me from going further. I looked into her eyes for approval.

“Two can play this game, Honey,” she said, and twirled me around by my shoulders.

From behind, she fixed my arms to my side and began unbuttoning my silk blouse. Nuzzling my neck, I let her strip off my blouse and unzip my dark skirt. She knelt and slowly unrolled my thigh-high black hose. I stepped out of my three-inch heels and fallen skirt, to let her finish my hose. Feeling her way up my legs and torso, I turned to face Amy again. Now she was at least 2 inches taller than I was in my bare feet. Still a very doable height.

“Barb. I hope you don’t mind, but there’s something I’ve been dying to try with you,” she said in a sexy voice, as she pulled my bra straps down. “Do you remember my first email?” She asked, reaching behind her back to unhook her pretty lace bra.

“I sure do Amy –every word,” I answered and reached behind to do the same to my full-figured bra.

Her firm c-cup sized tits seemed to stand at attention, as we stood bare- chested across from each other. With the height difference, I took hold of my sagging 36-d’s and raised them up to touch her hard nipples with mine.

“Oooh Baby, yeah! I love those big tits of yours against mine,” she said, playfully swinging her naked chest against mine. “I’ve never gone this far with a woman before. It feels so natural with you, Barb,” she brought her boobs tight against mine. We deep-tongued kissed each other. She gripped my wide bottom with both hands. “And… and I want more,” she panted.

I backed her up to one of the twin beds and had her sit on the edge. Staring up at me with sensuous but naïve eyes, I pulled my black satin panties down. Quietly I stroked her long dark hair, when she reached out and ran her slender fingers from my hips up my ribcage. Cupping each of my large tits, she opened her mouth and gently tongued my nipples. Erotic visions of her actually being my incestuous daughter raced through me, as she suckled in my areola.

“Ooh Baby, that feels soo good!” I purred. “That’s it Baby, suck Momma’s big tits. Ummmm yeah, suck ‘em hard!”

Amy accommodated my lust and sucked my nipples hard enough to get milk, if I had some to give. Her moans suddenly raised in pitch; she sounded more like a little girl. I felt and smelled my juices start flowing and my knees went numb. I tried prying her off of my swollen nipple, but her teeth locked on to the tip. This drives me crazy! Pinching my nipple between her teeth, her tongue-teased the very end.

Reluctantly, she finally let go of my tit and let me lay her down. Never once breaking eye contact, I reached down and pulled off her panties.

“See Mommy, I shaved for you,” she panted, and spread her legs open to give me a better view.

“I see that, Baby. You do have a beautiful pussy,” I sighed, and grazed my hand over her flat abdomen. “But we better pull these covers down. Wouldn’t want to soil Carol’s pretty quilt, now would we?”

Like a schoolgirl at her favorite sleepover, she quickly turned around on all fours and pulled the quilt and sheets down. The sight of her smooth tight bottom was too much for me to stand; I slid my hand between her thighs and fingered her wet lips. She froze immediately at my touch, lowered her head and let out a long moan. I slid two fingers inside her tight pussy and teased her anus with my thumb. Amy rocked back and forth against my hand. Turning her head back to make eye contact, she made sure I saw her every sweet expression, as we shared her first orgasm with a woman. Her climax must have been filled with adrenaline; she pulled away from my hand, turned around and jerked me into bed with her.

“God Barb. That was so much fun. Now, let me do you!” She exclaimed, and shoved her hand between my thighs.

“Whoa girl! Take it easy. This ‘ole lady needs time to catch her breath!” I begged.

“Oh nonsense. In your stories, the other woman gets to fuck you right away. Right?” She asked, and rammed her finger inside my pussy.

“Hey those are STORIES –just stories, Amy-girl! Remember, I’ve got 30 years on you. You’ll have to be a little patient with me. OK?”

“I’m sorry Barb. I didn’t mean to piss you off,” she apologized, and started to pull away.

“I’m not pissed at you, Honey. And please, don’t stop what you doing. I love the way your fingers feel inside me,” I said, and pulled her hand back to my shaven lips.

She gave me a devilish grin and found my clitoris. Sucking my boobs again, she worked my clit faster and faster, until I felt my body tensing toward a climax.

“Knock, knock. You ladies about ready for dinner?” Asked Carol from behind the door.

“YES, GOD… YES!” I cried out, spontaneously having myself one big orgasm. Amy wouldn’t let up on my pussy. Thrusting my pelvis, I started cuming again. “We’re coming…WE’RE CUMING!” I screamed.

“GOOD! Glad to hear that! We’ll see you in the dining room!” Carol yelled, thinking we must be nuts.

“Dam, and here I thought we’d have dinner in bed?” Quipped Amy, licking my juices from her fingers. “Oooh Mommy, you taste GOOD!” She winked, and dove head-fist between my thighs. The girl made up for her lack of bi-experience with enthusiasm. She licked, tongued and bit at my pussy like no man has ever done. Her brash technique was having the desired effect, but I knew I’d never make it through the night, if I let her continue. It took plenty of strength and all my will power to pull her off me.

“God Amy, where did you learn to eat pussy like that? That’s incredible!” I said, pulling her face to mine for a big, wet kiss. “You’d better save some of that for later, OK? I think we’d better head down for dinner, before they get suspicious, Don’t you?”

“Oh OK, Mom. If you SAY so,” Amy said reluctantly.

I threw on a short denim skirt and black halter-top. Amy said she would join us in a minute, so I headed downstairs. The long dining table was meticulously set with fine china, linen napkins and long candles. Handsome John had his back to me and was attending to the stereo. The slow, sexy R&B CD he picked seemed so out-of-place in this rural setting. When he turned around dressed in a full tuxedo, I was the one who instantly felt out-of-place!

“JOHN! I had no idea we were eating formal!”
