 It had been two months since I had started college and my roommate, Lynn, and I had been getting along great (to say the least). Now, with November here and Thanksgiving right around the corner we had decided that neither of us really wanted to spend the holidays with our families and would much rather spend it with each other having fun and getting into whatever trouble we could while we were at it. So, I called my family and said that I would be spending the break at Lynn's and she did the same for her family. Since it was a break from school many of the other kids were going home. As the break came closer we figured out just how many kids would be leaving. Our floor was completely empty, as a matter of fact most of our dorm was empty. Only four boys from the second floor were still in the building. We decided it would be fun to have a little party for our empty building. We went down and invited them and said we would host the party in our room since the third floor is the farthest from the Hall Director's office and we'd be less likely to get caught drinking. They said they'd love to come so we told them to come ready to party around 8.

Around six we decided that we had better start thinking about showering and getting ready for the boys. Since we were all alone on our floor we decided to take full advantage. We stripped down in our room and walked down to the shower room with our little shower caddies and a couple of beers in hand. We stopped for a second to admire ourselves in the full length mirror in the bathroom. Lynn stood about three inches taller than me at 5'3, and her breasts were slightly larger than mine at a 34c but mine were a respectable 32b and mine were firmer and perkier. Lynn had tried for months to talk me into completely shaving my bush like her but I told her I liked my little auburn landing strip and thought it was cute. After striking some silly poses in the mirror we both got into the first stall and turned on the water. I took the body wash playfully squirt some on Lynn's boobs.

"Oh, oops. Let me get that for you." I said and started gently rubbing the soap into her tits making a nice lather. 

I rolled her small pink nipples between my fingers until they became stiff and erect. I then took my loofa and started to rub her arms and the rest of her upper body. She then turned around and I again took the body soap and squirt it down her back and let a couple drips fall into her crack. I took the loofa and started to scrub her back and massaged her shoulders as I cleaned her. I then put the loofa away and gently massaged her butt cheeks with my hands, letting one finger slip between her cheeks and tease her little asshole. Lynn moaned softly and tensed up for a second before relaxing again and turning around.

"Your turn," she said grabbing the liquid soap and squeezing a generous amount on my chest. 

The soap was really cold and made my nipples twitch before Lynn even touched me. She didn't bother with the loofa and rubbed my firm breasts with her hands and deeply massaged my whole upper body. She then instructed me to turn around and rubbed my back and then surprised me by reaching between my legs from behind and shoving a finger into my vagina. I squealed and turned around, and Lynn met me with a kiss on the lips and we pressed our soapy boobs together as we made out. I could feel her hands on my back still massaging my muscles and working their way down to my firm butt where she gave me a playful pinch. She then brought her hand around to my soft little mound, played with the little bit of hair I did have leading to my lips, and looked in my eyes with a sneaky little grin.

"Uh-oh, I know that look."

"Come on Jade, don't you trust me?"

It really didn't matter how I answered, I knew I wasn't going to be able to resist that look. She grabbed her little razor from her shower caddy and shaving lotion and turned back to me.

"I'll do you if you do me," she grinned, then dropped to her knees and sprayed a little dab of lotion on my soft little patch. Right as I was about to stop her she spread the lotion and with her forefinger dipped down and fingered my now moist lips (and not just because of the shower). How could I resist? With her right hand she masterfully began to shave my little bush while her left pleased my impatient pussy. I lifted my leg and put it on her shoulder and she softly and very carefully shaved up ad down my lips. Then she sprayed some lotion on my left leg and shaved it quickly, then we switched and did the other. She then looked up at me and asked sweetly:

"Do you mind if I take the first ride on the new bare playing field?"

"Do you really have to ask at this point?"

She stuck her face in between my legs and took a quick smell.

"God you smell great, do you like your new haircut," she asked my bare little beaver. 

As she started to lick my hot box I grabbed the shampoo and dripped some on her head and slowly massaged her scalp and made sure her face never ventured too far from it's target. The water was hitting my back and the water pressure was like a gentle back massage...I was truly getting pampered. Just as Lynn began flicking my swollen clit I arched my back and the water ran over my shoulder and started to rinse Lynn's hair out as she brought me to my first orgasm of the night. After I came down from my high I pulled her up from her crouched position and thanked her for her kindness with a nice long passionate kiss on the lips. Then I returned the favor and dropped to my knees and started shaving her legs leaving her vagina well alone. After the legs were done I looked up at her and said that because she shaved me even though she knew I really didn't go for that I told her I would get to shave her however I wanted and she would have to keep it that way, at least for a week or so. She agreed and I went to work shaving a little heart into the little amount of stubble on her patch. I got done and gave it a little kiss before I slowly slid my pointer fingers from both hands into her tight little box and swirled them around. I did this for a bit then she grabbed the shampoo and grabbed my head and not so gently suggested where she wanted my head. I was more than happy to oblige and went to work licking up and down Lynn's sweet pussy lips, lingering as long as I could around her swollen clit. She let out a light moan and tightened her grip on my hair. I could feel her start to spasm and knew she was cumming. We kept on playing with each other and carrying on until it suddenly hit us that it was probably getting close to 8 and that the boys would probably be coming shortly, so we decided to get out and get ready for them.

We stepped out of the shower and tried to wipe each other as dry as we could with our hands and paused conveniently at certain places. Finally we walked back to our room and patted each other dry with our towels and started to think about our attire for the evening. I picked out a nice pair of boy short panties and a short skirt and pulled a white tank top on, no bra. Lynn looked through her closet and decided on a pair of very short denim shorts with no panties and a very revealing crop top, no bra. We had a few beers left in our fridge so we decided to drink them and listen to music while we waited for the boys. We had each had about three drinks and were pretty buzzed up by the time the boys showed up. We could tell they had all been drinking too and told them to come in and get comfortable. They came in and sat down on our beds. Eric, a guy in one of my business classes who I always caught looking at me and Dan, a boy who seemed pretty popular with the girls sat on my bed. Ted and Andy, two brothers from the DKE house sat on Lynn's. We all sat there for a little bit just looking around and drinking, I was the first to break the silence.

"So, do you guys wanna play a game or something?"

"Sure," they collectively rang out. "What game?"

"Asshole," Lynn stammered in, as she produced a deck of cards.

We shuffled the cards and dealt the first hand. To make it a little more interesting one of the boys suggested we play where after every hand the president got to make a rule. It seemed innocent enough and everyone agreed. I won the first game and made the rule that if a girl won she could make anyone kiss anyone else for as long as she wanted. The boys all said that they were okay with it but no guys kissing guys. So we dealt the next hand. This Time Lynn won and she grinned at me and said that she wanted me to kiss Ted. He was seated across the circle from me and as I leaned across the table (which he didn't help me with at all) I could tell my skirt was riding up giving the boys behind me a good view of my panties. Ted was a really good kisser and we made out for a good thirty seconds before returning to the game. My kiss must have given him a little good luck because he won the next hand and took the steaks a little higher.

"Okay girls, you've had your fun. Anytime a guy wins he gets to tell whichever girl he wants to strip."

The boys obviously liked this rule and looked at us as though they expected us to protest, we didn't. The next hand Dan won and told me to strip off my shirt. I started to take it off and then remembered that I didn't put a bra on.

"Oh my God, I'm not wearing a bra you guys." I don't know why I even said it thinking that would make them not make me do it...

There I was topless, and the boys game seemed to be getting a lot worse all of a sudden. I won that game and chose for Lynn to kiss Dan. She got up and straddled Dan taking her time to sit down giving him a nice look at her breasts right in his face, then fiercely made out with him in front of everyone and I thought I saw her hand reach down to his crotch. My suspicion was confirmed when she got up and he was sporting a big bulge in his pants. We almost started the next game then I remembered that I got to make a rule. I thought long and hard about it before I came up with:

"ok, I guarantee we're wearing less articles than you guys so if we win we get to pick the kissers and you all have to strip one article of clothing." 

Lynn stood up and gave me a high five and we celebrated. We sat down and dealt the next hand and started playing again. Lynn somehow won the hand and the boys all too off their shirts and then she said she wanted to kiss Andy, who coincidently had a six pack and a great body otherwise. They made out for a while and Lynn was groping his chest and stomach with her hands and he started massaging her breasts through her shirt as well. I thought I was going to have to get a hose out to beak them up but they quit and we returned to our game. Lynn declared that from now on if someone won two times in a row they could chose someone of the opposite sex and take them to the bathroom for five minutes to do what they wanted. The boys again had no objections, I didn't really like any of the boys but they were cute enough and I was drunk enough not to say no to the rule.

The next hand Lynn looked like she was going to win again but was upset by Eric who had been quiet all night. He shyly looked over at me and asked me to please strip for him. I stood up and slowly unbuttoned my skirt and unzipped it letting it slowly slide down my legs till it was on the floor. The whole time I was looking him in the eyes, he started to blush and shook my gaze. I was down to one article of clothing.

"Okay, the person that wins and forces someone to be completely naked gets to tell them to do whatever they want and they have to do it." 

Everyone knew exactly what Eric was hoping for and you could tell just by looking in his lap at his huge bulge.

No one objected and we dealt the next hand. Andy ended up winning and looked at me and then turned to Eric and winked and said:

"The girl I want to strip is...Lynn."

Eric breathed a sigh of relief and sat back in his chair. Lynn stood up and did a twirl.

"Now the million dollar question boys", she teased "tops or bottoms"?

Andy looked at Lynn and gestured that he wanted her to lose her shorts. She walked over and gave Andy a slow strip tease and shook her boobs in his face. Then turning around, facing the group she shoved her ass in his face and unbuttoned her shorts teasing the other boys and me at the same time. She kept her legs straight and slid them down to the ground exposing her pussy right into Andy's face and giving the rest of us a great view right down her shirt. Lynn knew exactly what she was doing to these boys and she loved every second of it. What she may or may not have known was what she was doing to me, I tried to conceal it but I looked down and saw a light wet spot soaking through my panties from my juices. Andy's bulge was threatening to bust the zipper of his cargo shorts. He fumbled through trying to make up a rule and eventually decided that if you skipped someone you had to apologize by kissing them wherever they asked. This excited everyone and I think it was the fastest shuffle I've ever seen as everyone wanted to play this one. Between my firm titties and Lynn's shaved beaver on display I figured the boys didn't stand a chance to win.

The first one to use the newest rule was poor little shy Eric, who skipped me. Everyone started teasing him and I leaned over and whispered into his ear:

"Don't worry about them Eric I'll go easy on you, just kiss my hard little nipples." 

He reached out and grabbed my right boob and leaned forward and kissed my left nipple while gently massaging my right breasts and rolling his fingers around my nipple. He then switched and grabbed my left breast with his hand and kissed all over my right boob. Just as he was about to sit back down I grabbed his head and shook it between my breasts giving him a nice treat and everyone else a good laugh. He blushed and sat back down adjusting his crotch. We kept playing and it got around to Lynn and Dan had a huge grin on his face and laid down the queen of hearts skipping her. He started licking his lips and she just looked down and motioned exactly where he was hoping he would. Dan got down on his knees and got ready to "apologize" for skipping her. She ran her fingers through his hair and like she had done to me earlier in the shower guided his head to her sweet honey pot. Her head sunk back in her chair and she started to lightly moan, I could tell she was about to cum and all of a sudden Dan stopped and sat back in his chair snickering. Lynn was obviously stirred up and couldn't focus anymore. The rest of the game went smoothly and I ended up narrowly winning the hand. The boys all stood up and quickly dropped their shorts and tried to hide their bulges sitting back down. Ted shuffled and began dealing before Lynn reminded him that I hadn't picked the two to kiss yet or make my rule.

"You know, just for you forgetting and my girl remembering for me I'm gonna make you kiss her." Ted got up and went over to her and went to kiss her on the lips. 

"No, I said I want you to kiss her," I said as I motioned to he crotch, "on the lips."

Ted slowly slid down to his knees and looked around embarrassed. 

"Don't worry my kitty doesn't bite," Lynn purred as she stroked his face with her hands.

He looks down at her vagina and uses his fingers to spread her outer lips and attacks her pussy with his tongue. He uses his finger to repeatedly push her love button and quickly brings her to an orgasm like Dan refused to. He stands up to a round of applause and bows to his seat. I then decide that since we were all down to only one article of clothing whichever sex won the next game got to make the opposite sex do whatever they want. Everyone agreed and Ted dealt the cards. I had a great hand and winked to Lynn cause I knew we would win. Everything was going to plan and I only had one card left and I was right after Eric. Then everything changed, he skipped me and before I had a chance to punish him Andy threw his last card down and announced that he had won for the guys. Lynn and I just looked at each other in disbelief, and slightly scared of what the boys might do to us. Andy and the boys all huddled up and then came back.

"Okay first off, you girls need to lose the rest of your clothes," Andy started. 

Lynn and I looked at each other than decided we'd been close enough to naked for a while and might as well just go the rest of the way. I took off my panties and tossed them at Eric, Lynn took of her shirt and threw it into her closet. The boys just stood there and marveled at our bodies for a minute. I've never felt so thrilled and embarrassed at the same time before and I could tell that Lynn was also kind of nervous as we tried to cover what little we could. The boys shouted at us and made us put our hand at our sides.

"Okay, now I think since I won I'm entitled to a little prize," he said as he looked down at his crotch. "Ladies, you tortured my boys now I think it's time for some payback, you both have to share my cock." 

With one fluid motion he threw his boxer briefs to the floor and let his cock fly out and point out at us. It wasn't too long, about five and a half inches but it was the thickest cock I'd ever seen. Lynn looked at me and she could tell I didn't want to do anything with him. She shrugged her shoulders and took a step forward taking his cock into her hand and gently stroking it up and down. She got down on her knees and licked up the shaft and left a trail of saliva on it to lube it up before taking it into her mouth. I slowly got down on my knees and made my way up to his feet, and took his shaven balls into my hands and gently rubbed them. Lynn reached over and grabbed my hand and placed it on his hard shaft to help her not choke (she has a horrible gag reflex). I helped her out as best I could and then suddenly found his dick pointing me in the face. I took it in and began to deep throat the whole thing. It stretched out my mouth a little on the sides but it was fine with me and he obviously liked it as he let out a grunt and moaned something inaudibly. I started sucking on his cock and licking his balls greedily and totally forgot about Lynn much less the other three guys in the room.

I looked up and saw Lynn patiently waiting for her turn and then noticed she was fingering herself. I then glanced around the room and saw frustration in the boys' faces and crotches.

"Don't just stand there! Someone give my girl a hand over there," I ordered them.

Lynn shot me a quick look of surprise before Dan and Ted circled around her pushing their cocks into her face. I watched her reach up and grab the boy's cocks as they closed in and blocked my view. I was snapped back to my task by Andy's dick poking me in the face, I slapped it against my tongue and then decided to have some fun. I took Andy's hands and made him grab the back of my head. He got the idea and started to fuck my face with long thrusts poking me in the back of my throat and slightly gagging me. 

As I was getting my throat filled with Andy's cock I saw Eric out of the corner of my eye sitting on my bed quietly jerking himself off. I made eye contact with him and he started to blush, I motioned with my hand for him to come over to me. Slowly he lifted himself off my bed and made his way over to me. I then took his cock in my hand and started slowly stroking it up and down. He moaned lightly and I could tell he wasn't far from orgasming. Leading him by his cock I made him stand behind me and guided his dick to my wet pussy. He pushed his cock in about an inch and then eased it out, then shoved it about three inches and I pushed back onto his cock letting him know I could take more. He grabbed my hips and began to thrust into my waiting hole as I tried to focus on my blowjob while I matched his rhythm. 

It wasn't long before Andy's body started to tighten and I knew what was coming. He grabbed my head and shoved his cock all the way into my mouth and I opened my throat to allow his load to shoot into me. He let out a loud moan and started to spasm. He didn't have that much of a load and I easily swallowed it and kissed his cock as he slurped his cock out of my mouth and looked around for his boxers.
