 After a 2-hour drive to the city, Katherine and her date, Liam are tickled to death to be out of that sleepy little southern town where nothing exciting ever happens and the bulk of evening entertainment is walking down to the Wal-Mart to watch men unload trucks and stock shelves.

Following an enjoyable dinner, she and Liam decide to go to a dance club and have a few drinks. It is early and the club is not yet crowded. From out of the corner of her eye, she spots a tall good-looking man at a table with a very beautiful young woman.

He is several years older than her, but hell, age is just a number. They get up to dance and Kat is immediately attracted to the young woman's innocent beauty. Her shoulder-length dark auburn hair and skin tone reflects a mixed breed of possibly a Hispanic/Caucasian. Her soft pale olive skin is so striking smooth and youthful that Kat's inner-sex switch is flipped on. Except for a few sensual experiments in college, she has never actually made love to a woman and the desire for it has been raging in her loins for quite some time now.

Kat continues to watch both he and his young beauty as they sway to and fro across the dance floor. Liam, Kat's steady live-in companion, has always been very understanding of her hard to satisfy sexual appetite and without even looking, she senses that he is more than likely checking out some young chicky-d-do his self.

The young woman's bottom is swishing around beneath her thin silk dress in a way that suggests that she is completely and wonderfully naked underneath. As her perfect little rounded ass continues to wiggle and shake, Kat drops her hand to her own panty-less pubic playhouse and starts to finger her little puffy pussy.

The man is also everything Kat ever wanted in a man and is a close match to the fantasy man of her wildest dream. The thought of him eating her own dripping wet snatch while she tastes every drop of love nectar from the young woman's tight pussy is causing Kats legs to quiver.

The man notices Kat staring and being a natural born womanizer and experienced seducer, winks at her and she flushes with embarrassment. When the music stops, he guides his beauty over to Kat's table and boldly introduces himself. "Hi, I'm Danny and this is Babette." Babette says hello and her voice is so sweetly innocent. "Mind if we join you?" he asks, directing his question to Liam. Liam looks at Kat and she answers with pleading eyes. Kat introduces Liam and then looking straight into the tall man's eyes she squints her bedroom eyes and says, "I'm Kat. Glad to meet you."

Time passes and after a few drinks and paired dancing, Danny whispers in Kat's ear. His breath smells sweet as it passes her nostrils. "Kat, we're in room 208 at the Gaylord Hotel, would you guys like to join us for a foursome?" By now, Kat's desire has built to epic proportions and she answers without even consulting Liam. "Yes, I would love that. I was hoping for that, Danny."

Back at the table, Babette and Liam have started their own special friendship and somehow the thought of them together excites the hell out of Kat. A knot of anxiety began to build in the pit of her stomach as she realized that her wildest fantasy was about to become a wonderful reality.

The four of them pushed their way through the crowd and made it out to the parking lot. Oddly, Danny and Babette were parked nearby. Just as Kat was about to reach for the door handle of their car. The wind popped up Babette's dress and Kat got a great look at her very lovely derrière as she climbed into Danny's hot rod Ford pickup. Kat licked her lips as she visualized how great that little butt would look with Danny's hot cum load splattered across the folds of her deep creviced bottom and of how great it would taste when she licked it off.

The valet took the vehicles up to the parking garage at the hotel while the four of them made their way up to room 208. Babette broke away from Danny and within the span of a heartbeat was leaning on Liam's shoulder and whispering something in his ear.

As the four of them climbed the stairs to the second floor, Danny's hand was massaging Kat's bare bottom from under her skirt and squeezing it each time it swayed into his hand. By now, Kat's 32-year-old heart was pounding in her chest causing her 36 double D breasts to rise and fall. She was flushed with a such a great expectation that her lightly freckled face was flushed red. 

Almost before the door closed behind them, Babette and Danny began to clear the room of unnecessary furniture. Throw pillows were thrown into a large circle in the center of the room. Along the wall, a wooden table still remained. Kat didn't know if it was the evil looking grin that Danny flashed her or if it was just raw feminine intuition, but something told her that the table had been left for a reason.

Standing nervously next to Liam, Kat felt a squirt of love fluid run down her leg as she watched Danny start to undress in front of them. "C'mon people, don't be shy," Babette giggled as she unzipped and dropped her dress. "I think I'm gonna take Miss Twisty over here and fuck the shit out of her," Liam blurted out, but Kat didn't hear a single word of it because her mind was tuned to Danny's massive cock. It was freshly shaved and completely bald of any pubic hair. It hung semi-rigid as he dropped his boxers to the floor.

Speculation told Kat that the action would most likely begin with some kissing and oral stimulation followed by a hard fantastic fuck, but nothing in her most excellent fantasy could have matched what was to come. Danny walked out of the room into an adjoining bedroom leaving Kat to watch her date fondle Babette's perfect breasts from behind while she reached around and jacked his dick 

Danny returned holding something behind his back. It wasn't until he said, "Babs and I do things a little different than most folks. I hope ya'll don't mind." that Kat saw the handcuffs and roll of stiff rope. Babette giggled again, devilishly. "What do you mean, Danny?" Kat said, timidly.

"We're just gonna play a little game, Sweetie. Not too rough though," Danny said walking toward her.

Fear washed over Kat and looking quickly to Liam for support, she moaned out a nervous, "Honey?" But her date was completely infatuated with the little wildcat in front of him and didn't respond. Then Babette spun around still jacking Liam's dick roughly and whispered again in his ear.

He turned back to Kat and a little nod and smile told Kat that everything would be fine.

Danny moved in behind her, leaned down, and kissed her very passionately on the neck to soothe her nervousness. At that moment, everything went dark as Danny wrapped a blindfold over Kat's eyes. "Trust me, lover. You're gonna love me for this." Kat's blood was racing in her veins and her heart was beating fast. The rise and fall of her huge firm breast was by it self a great turn-on for curious Kat.

Next, she felt the presence of the other two as Danny slowly pulled off her skirt and blouse. Suddenly, a hand grabbed her breast and another hand was pinching the nipple of the other while two more hands fondled her ample 40-inch hips and bottom. She wasn't even aware of the fact that while this incredible torture was going on she was being led to the table. 

She was still floating in space as Danny handcuffed her wrist to the table legs beside her head. She was on her back and she had no clue that her legs had been spread wide-open and her ankles had been tied very tightly to the other table legs with the scratchy rope. All she was aware of was the tongues that licked every inch of her trembling body.

Kat moaned softy with a trembling faint voice as another tongue joined in. They were on her breast and nipples sucking--pulling--licking. The tongues probed her pussy and lapped at it like a kitten before a bowl of warm milk. The heavenly torment continued relentlessly. Kat wanted to grab her hot throbbing cunt and squeeze it--slap it--rub it--finger it, but her hands were cuffed tightly and all hope was lost.

She raised her hips high reaching out into the darkness for something to rub her throbbing juice box against, but she felt nothing but hot breath blowing on her teasing her to the point of lunacy. Abruptly, the tonguing stopped and she could hear the sounds of lips slurping and smacking together wildly. Kat knew that Babette and Liam had broken away to satisfy their own lusts.

From out of nowhere, she felt the tip of a single tongue make contact with her convulsing rosebud. "Yes, Oh, yes," she said softly. The tongue licked and probed until she thought she would burst open and flood the room with hot woman juice. Her agonizing still untouched camel-toe oozed with a steady flow of warm sticky secretion that pooled under her bottom. "Danny! Please! I can't stand it! Take me---Baby, take me! 

Then the torture stopped and the blindfold came off. Danny lowered his head down and covered Kat's parted lips with his. A shadow passed over Kat's face as Babette climbed up on the table. She straddled Kat and situated herself in the 69 position. Danny moved away as Kat grudgingly gave up his tongue. Babette lowered her big puffy pussy down to Kat's mouth and for a moment Kat froze still not completely sure she could put her mouth on another woman, but when she smelled Liam's pre-cum on her wet pussy lips and felt Babette's soft face bury itself into her own creamy cookie, she lost all uncertainty and buried her tongue deep inside Babette's burning flower garden. 

Babette tasted like something metallic, but yet sweet and pungent--similar, but very different from a man's cum. The pungency seemed to intensify as the action heated up making the experience that much more pleasurable. Any inhibitions that Kat may have once had about making love to a woman had flown. Babette pushed her soft bottom down on Kat's face pinning her head to the table. As she rocked back and forth on Kat's mouth Kat struggled for air, but didn't want to take her mouth away from the wonderful honey-pot. 

After Kat finally collapsed away from Babette's vagina, Danny stuck his 9-inch rock hard penis into her mouth almost gagging her. As she looked up into his eyes, she saw raw unadulterated passion. His eyes told her that before the night was over she would be completely and most definitely satisfied.

At that moment, Liam came from behind her and straddled her face that was hanging off the back edge of the table. He guided his cock into her mouth and the two dicks stretched her lips apart as they probed in and out. Her mouth was filling with sticky pre-cum and her face was covered with spittle. Miss Babette was a little mistress at eating pussy. She knew just the right touch and just the right spot to satisfy completely. Her expertise was sending Kat into an orbit around Mars or Jupiter and her tongue-lashings were relentless. 

Then the two men pulled away and Babette slid back away from Kat's aching love canal. Danny grabbed Kat's hips and drug them down to the edge of the table. The breeze of an overhead ceiling fan notified Kat that her ass was hanging in mid-air just off the edge of the hardwood table. Kat's little duty hole was about to be violated. Then with the snap of a switch, a loud buzzing sound radiated below her. The giant 12-inch rabbit vibrator sent Kat into a frenzy as it entered her wanton blossom crack. The little ears tickled her clit as they flipped around rapidly. "God, that feels so good--Fuck my ass, baby--fuck it good," Liam went to work on Kat's breast kneading them together and sucking on Kat's swollen nipples while Babette climbed up and straddled Kat's face. Kat inserted the length of her tongue into her warm wet pussy. 

After another few agonizing, yet magnificent minutes, Kat was untied and every one moved over to the throw pillows. Babette took Kat by the hands and led her over to where Danny and Liam were waiting. Babette covered Kat's lips with her own and stuck her tongue deep into Kat's throat. She tasted like pure sex as Kat returned the passion with her own tongue. The men began to fondle them from head to foot while they enjoyed each other's kisses.

Liam stood up, took Babette by the hand, and lowered her to the pillows. Danny motioned for Kat to join him a few feet away where he had made his own little love nest with more throw pillows. Kat and Danny moved into the 69 position with Kat on top. Kat swallowed his long jackhammer without even thinking. 

Turning her head slightly to the side, she watched as Liam fucked Babette doggie style and slapped her high creviced buttocks. Danny alternated his stiff tongue from Kat's box to her asshole making sure that not a drop of love juice was left hanging. Liam blew his first load rather quickly due to the fact that the little vixen had such a tight pussy and was amazingly zealous. 

Babette giggled and rolled over on her back spreading her legs apart. "Come here and lick this off, Kat,' she said motioning down to the succulent cream pie that was oozing from her little puffy tail. Kat climbed off Danny and crawled over to where Babette had her pussy propped up on a pillow. The mix of woman juice and man cum was awesome and Kat made a meal of every drop. Liam rolled over and rested while Danny fondled Babette's small but perky little breast. In order for Kat to reach Babette's cream-filled nooky she had to arch her back causing her bottom to stick up very high.

When Danny saw her exposed and defenseless ass, he wasted no time in taking charge of it while Liam watched.

Kat's pulsating pussy welcomed his man meat with a shot of warm sticky secretion that lubricated him enough to allow him to bury the 9-inch snake to his balls. "Oh, yeah--that's right. Fuck me! C'mon, Baby fuck me deep and hard." Kat reached back and spread her big buttocks apart stretching her pussy wide open as he thrust his dick in and out like a wild man.

Liam was getting so turned on by the action that he got his second wind and was already stiff as a board again. When Babette now completely clean down below saw his erection she pulled away and went for it. Danny squeezed Kat's ass cheek and said, "Cowgirl me, baby girl." Then he rolled over onto his back. Kat wasted no time in squatting over the massive member and riding it like a pro.

Danny stuck his finger up Kat's ass as she rocked on his big dick. Kat moaned at first and then yelped with pleasure as he added an addition finger. Liam bent Babette over a chair and was fucking her up the ass while Kat enjoyed the fulfillment of double penetration. 

Kat screamed as the first orgasm ripped through her body like a bolt of lightning. More followed within seconds of each other. Kat's knees began to weaken as she rolled off and lay on her back. Danny stood up and straddled her. Still standing high above her he jacked off spread legged. 

Liam pulled out of Babette's tight rosebud not wanting to lose his second load too quickly. Babette brought a glass dildo over and began to fuck Kat in the butt hole with it while she watched Danny jack off above her. Liam moved over, stood over Kat, and began to jack off too. Then as Kat closed her eyes, her face was covered with two massive loads of hot sticky cum. Exhausted and totally fulfilled curious Kat realized that she had just lived the ultimate fantasy. The two girls lay side by side and flourished in pure ecstasy as the two men went off for a well-deserved beer.