 Mira thought she was in control of the entire universe; you couldn't name anything that did not, in some way, seem to be hers.

She was arrogant, selfish and maybe even sociopathic: what Mira wanted, Mira got. 

Mira was just too beautiful for most men to turn down; tan and Italian, her luscious hair was the shade of black pearls and fell to her slim waist; her hips were full, her ass was round and her breasts were fleshy, mouthwatering mounds that swelled out of her bra whenever her back was too straight-- which was just about any time she wanted a man to slave around for a chance at her pussy.

Problem was, Mira was a virgin. No One got Mira's pussy: period.

That is, until Mira crossed paths with the Gypsy.

"Peter, baby; my feet are burning, they're so fucking tired." Mira pouted as she watched hand-in-hand through annunal carnival with her newest boy toy, Peter, a tall, gawky college sophmore with major cash to spare. He was perfect: rich and desperate for Mira's attention.

"I could...."

"Take me to the food court, Peter."

"Yeah, sure..."

"Now, Peter." She said, breaking from his grasp to march off alone. She didn't look back; she knew damn well Peter would be back there, looking sullen, catching up. The asshole.

"Come come, Peter." She called back playfully, giving him a soft, tantalizing smile over her shoulder; his face lit up at the very idea of touching her. The asshole.

She's have him buying her dinner, a necklace and a new dress by the end of the night; he was totally perfect for her.... 

The food court was basically a tend filled with benches-- unfortunately, the benches were full too. Old people everywhere, and children, and woman, and too few men-- what men there were looked married: Mira could sniff out a married man a mile away. They gave great gifts.

Folding her arms and pressing her breasts higher as she pouted, Mira let her dark eyes survey the tent for a man who'd give up his seat for a pretty girl--- and found one a moment later. He was young, but going bald, and had already glued his eyes to her cleavage by the time she'd found him. With a switch in her hip designed to make that little skirt climb her creamy thighs, she made her way over and leaned down, letting him take in the view of those fleshy D cups; she was close enough her perfume wafted around him, intoxicating his senses; she expected him to smile stupidly, but instead he grinned like an old wolf who found a sheep sleeping in his den.

"Excuse me." she said, tiltiing her head, letting her hair pour over shoulder. "I can't seem to find a seat."

"Oh really? Hmmm... well...."

"mmmm?" she hummed a moan innocently.

"Well... I'm saving this for my wife."

And like that, Mira was gone, searching out the next one. After a while, she got tired. Peter was hounding after her, looking for seats, annoying the hell out of her with his every breath.

"Fuck it!" she cursed and looked for the nearest seat-- which was between an old couple. Without a word, she squeezed herself between them, elbowing the old woman sharp to the ribs in the process. The old lady looked up in alarm, but Mira paid her no mind at all. The old man? He was happy to be so close to a young lady; he was practically drooling to have such a good view of her tits, so close her could have gummed up her jugs with slick saliva.

"You're a very rude woman."

Mira ignored her. "Peter, get me a drink."

"Yeah, uhh, what--"

"A Sprite, a fucking Sprite, Peter. I'm thirsty, my feet have BLISTERS and you're making we wait like this?" She turned from rage to tears in a heartbeat and Peter ran off to play fetch.

"I said, you are very rude woman."

Mira glanced at the woman and rolled her eyes.

"I said..." suddenly, the old crone's claws had Mira's hair in a death grip. "You are very rude. You will not scream."

The scream was already half-way through Mira's lips when it died, as if she'd forgotten how to scream in the first place.

"That's right. You will not scream. You rude, petty bitch. Women like you should be skinned, should be drowned and left for dead but this is not the old country and you do not live by the old ways; thank your God for that, girl." the old woman pulled Mira's face closer to her own and breathed foul breath all her wet cheeks; Mira hadn't even noticed she was crying. 

"Tears are cheap. For you, they mean nothing. You feel nothing. You are cheap and use yourself like a whore, only you do not pay-- to me, to my people, that is like Theft. You are a Thief."

Mira shook her head.

"Oh yes, a thief. But you'll be paying double, triple what you owe little rude girl.... I curse you to pay your debts. I curse you to give to any man what you denied to every man." the crone's voice slowly raised into a shriek that brought the attention of everyone in the tent. "You play the whores game, now, girl, you pay the whores price!" she screamed, tossing Mira's head away as she hurried climbed off the bench and scurried away. Her husband didn't follow.

By that time, Peter had turned with the drink, looking confused. "What the fuck happened?"

"What happened? What happened? Where the fuck were YOU, pencil dick? Where? Whe..." Mira wanted to tear his throat out for not being there when she wanted him to, but when her eyes met his she could no longer speak.... her mouth moved, but no words came.

"Mira?"

She could see it in his eyes: Peter wanted her. Her wanted to fuck her, to tear her clothes off and cum down between her tits....

She was on her knees and didn't even know how she got there. Before she knew it, she was unzipping the front of her shirt, revealing more and more cleavage while the audience around her gasped. A security officer grabbed her by the arm and lifted her to her feet, covering her chest-- Mira was starring at Peter, but the Officer jarred her concentration; suddenly, she was looking into HIS eyes. She could see in those swamp green eyes of his, this heavy set security guard wanted her as badly as Peter did. As he led her off, her hand strayed down to his crotch, outlining a growing bulge that pulsed beneath her fingertips.

"Mmmm, yeah.. I'd like to taste that, Officer." She couodn't believe what she was saying, but she couldn't stop it either. "I've been a bad girl, officer; arrest me...."

"arrest you?" the cop glanced at her; by then, they were nearing the security trailer with Peter trotting behind them. 

"Yeah... Arrest me, fine me." she began planting kisss on her neck, stroking his cock roughly through the fabric. "Take my pussy, officer." she whispered.

"Fuck yeah, I will" he rushed her into the office and started slamming the door behind him, but Peter's big foot caught the door. 

"Hey! This is my girlfriend, let me the fuck in." The officer started pushing on the door, but even as gawky as Peter was, he had enough strength to overpower him.

Once Mira locked eyes with him, her hands were hiking up her skirt, giving a glimpse of her wet, white panties. She slipped a finger beneath the fold and peeled it back, showing her meaty virgin pussy to the world. 

The officer glanced at Peter; Peter at the officer-- and they both began unbuckling their belts. 

Mira was rubbing her bra with one hand with the other spread her pinks lips wide, letting the musky scent of her cunt fill the trailer; Peter was the first to get his cock out, a 7' inch skinny.. and the first Mira had ever seen. Inside, she was disgusted by it-- but she crawled to him like a cat, letting her round ass sway, her skirt high enough for her thongs to show proudly. She slinked up to him while the officer watched, finally getting his cock out and hardening it up.

"mmmm, please Peter please... just a little taste? May I lick your cock?"

"S-Suck my cock, Mira. Swallow it." 

She growled lustily and wrapped her fingers around his cock, leading it past her lips and into her warm, moist mouth; Peter latched onto her hair, slowly doing strokes into her throat while she took everything he gave without a single gag. Her fingertips brushed his balls lightly, edging back towards his asshole... bobbing her head, she turned her eyes towards the officer, letting him see how much she enjoyed being their slut. 

She kept eye contact, even as she slipped Peter's glistening rod from her lips and began tonguing his balls... she sucked and teased at them, stroking his cock hard and fast, before she turned over, spreading her legs wide as gently washed his asshole clean with her tongue, savoring the bitter-sweetness.

The officer had enough; he dove into her pussy mouth first, yanking aside her panties to delve his tongue into the folds and slurp up her juices like a greedy child; he plunged a finger into her hole, wetting it up, before roughly poking it against her asshole-- it didn't go at first, but Mira spread wider and wider, lifting her ass until his thick finger could fit. 

"Got to have that pussy." Peter muttered as he stood up. 

"Fuck that, I want this dripping cunt and I want it first."

The heavy man had his shirt off, revealing a paunch over his 5 inch cock.. he guided it against her twat, smearing the bulging purple head against her lips while she moaned, humping towards him. 

"Give it to me, give me cock." She said before inhaling Peter's shaft again, gobbling up every inch until his balls rested on her chin. 

Peter cursed, taking his cock from her and squated down, smothering her mouth with his ass-- she slurped and rimmed his pink bud as Peter stroked off, aiming towards her cleavage while the cum came bumbling up.

"Aww, shit.. here it comes... I'm gonna cum all over your tits and belly, bitch..."

Mira moaned, sending vibrations that tickled his ass-- she reached around and yanked down her lacy bra, revealing dark nipples that were begging to be fucked and cum on. Peter smeared his cock against a hard nipple while the officer was panting, his cock buried in her cunt to the hilt; she took him like a pro, spreading her legs wide.

"Shit...." Peter grunted and the shot came like fire, spraying globs of warm cum all over Mira's fleshy titties; he drained every drop, humping her jugs roughly before he rolled off... 

"No, give me!" Mira cried, sticking out her tongue so Peter could feed her his rod, let her clean it off.

The officer had worked himself into a sweat by them; her pussy was sloppy and wet, making loud, wet sounds as he slammed into her womb-- finally, he slipped out and crawled up towards Mira's anticipating face. 

"That's it, cum all over my face; make your slut, baby-- you know I want it, you know I'm a whore. I'm your whore. Make me choke on your cum."

The officer, red-faced and panting, squeezed off a shot of cum that hit Mira on the cheek and began running down into her hair; he sprayed cum all over her face while she eagerly licked it off. When he was finished and slumping back, Mira crawled over to softly lick his balls and nuzzle his thigh.

"Shit! Why couldn't my wife be like you?"

"No way, man; this is MY girlfriend and I'M taking her home. You got the pussy tonight, but I keep it."

"She's still under arrest."

"You never arrested her!"

"I will now!"

Peter grabbed Mira by the wrist andjarked her to her feet. "Forget it, officer-- your sperms in her pussy, your DNA. If it isn't, it's in her mouth. We can tell the cops you're corrupt. Me and MY girlfriend, Mira, are going home now, isn't that right?"

Mira was in a daze, sated by cum and a hard fucking... She didn't really care where she went. All she knew was, her body was no longer hers-- she'd fuck any man who looked at her, whether she liked him or not; she knew she was no longer in control of the universe and while her body basked in pleasure and the dull throb in her cunt, Mira's mind was reeling in horror.