 My boyfriend Jeff and I have been together almost one year. Our anniversary was coming up and I didn't know what to get him for a present. I wanted it to be special. He's done a lot for me since we met, in more ways than one. I have been trying to think of what he's been asking for or what he's seemed interested in over the last few months for some hint. 

One day while we were fooling around in bed, I told him I wanted to see him masturbate in for me. He readily agreed but only if I do the same. Jeff is not shy about things like this and I know he jerks off on a regular basis. I myself have been doing it up to three times a day when I haven't been with Jeff or Danielle. 

So Jeff and I propped ourselves up facing each other and started. It didn't take long for Jeff to get hard and I could see the precum glistening from the tip of his cock. I watched his right hand work the shaft up and down, occasionally rub the tip for lubrication. His left hand played with his balls. 

"Do you like this?" he asked.

"Yes…very much." I moaned back to him.

My fingers were straining to get into my cunt while I fingered my clit with my other hand. Then it hit me. Maybe I could do something for him sexually for our anniversary. In a way it would be a present for both of us.

I asked, "Is there anything you would like to do that we haven't done yet?" 

"Like what?" he said with a smile.

Great now I had to come up with something anyway. I thought for a moment trying to picture what would turn me and him on that we haven't done yet.

"Would you like to have a threesome with another girl?" I asked with a bit of a moan. I was getting close to cumming thinking about having Jeff and a beautiful girl together. 

"I'd love that, but only if you want to." he said.

I feigned inexperience with another girl saying, "I'd love to eat another girl while you fuck me, with that beautiful dick."

Hearing the words from my own mouth and visualizing the act pushed me to orgasm. Jeff came seconds later, shooting jets of cum up onto his chest and stomach. I moved over to him and brought my wet fingers to his lips. He sucked on them with a moan. Then I reached down and lifted his sticky hand to my mouth and licked his mix of cum and precum off. We spent most of the next hour fucking hard to the thought of our forthcoming threesome.

The rest of the day was spent talking about whom we should involve. I suggested Stacey, my brother's girlfriend, but Jeff said he doesn't think Chris would like that unless he was involved. Jeff rattled off a list of my friends, which I didn't want. I kept Danielle's name out because as far as I know, Jeff has no idea about us and I want to keep her just for myself. 

Then I thought about this girl in one of my classes. Her name was Nikki. I have used her as "inspiration" for some of my masturbation sessions and I knew Jeff would like her. We have about the same build and I'm friendly enough with her to ask. She also had a reputation as a party girl. 

I had class with her a few days later. I pulled her off away from most of the people waiting for the start of class and with a little nervousness in my voice invited her over to Jeff's place the next evening.

"My boyfriend and me are going to be hanging out at his apartment tomorrow night and wanted to know if you wanted to join us for some fun?"

She blushed and asked" What kind of fun, Lysa?"

"The kind that feels REAL good and takes three people. I figured you might want to get away from campus."

She thought for a minute and I thought I blew it until she finally said, "Sure, I'll do it."

"Great, follow me over there after class tomorrow."

I made it a point to tell Jeff to clean the place up before we got over there and maybe put some candles out for ambiance. That night I had to have cum four times before I fell asleep. I was excited about being with yet another girl and to my surprise the thought of Jeff fucking her in front of me. I had an odd, but erotic sense of pride that Jeff was mine and I could enjoy him anytime. I guess you could call him a trophy boyfriend.

I met her in the parking lot after class as we arranged. "Are you ready?"

She answered a quick, "Yup."

I gave her a quick look up and down, thinking she didn't notice. She was wearing a short skirt that just covered what it had to and a thin top. I could see she wasn't wearing a bra under it and her nipples were poking through the material. I blushed when I looked up at her face and saw she was smiling at me. A little embarrassed I suggested we leave. We got in our cars and she followed me over to Jeff's apartment.

Jeff met us at the door. The apartment smelt of jasmine from some flowers he had picked and put in a bowl on the table. There were candles lit all over and they cast a low gold light. 

I introduced Nikki to Jeff and offered her a drink. We drank a little wine and talked for a bit. She came with me into the kitchen to help get more drinks. Nikki brought up that I was a lucky girl to have a guy like Jeff. She had broken up with her boyfriend when she left for college and she hadn't been with anyone for a while. She didn't want to get into a relationship with anyone on campus just yet and was starting to get desperate.

She said, "I began to think that my vibrator is the only steady sex I'd get. I wasn't sure I was going to come but thought about it more this morning and decided I may not have another chance for something like this." 

"Jeff's done this before with another girlfriend, but I haven't. I never thought I would want to, but I think it would be a big turn on to see him with a beautiful woman like you. If it's OK with you I'd like to do stuff with you too." I mentioned. 

"To tell you the truth, I really didn't think about it, but I think your beautiful too and I'm sure I'll be up for it." she answered.

I said,"Let's make sure.", then I leaned over and kissed her.

She didn't stop me, in fact she moved closer and put her arms around me. She rubbed her hands on my back and started really getting into it. This is better than I could have hoped for.

We heard Jeff make some noise in the living room and broke the kiss. She looked into my eyes and said, "MMMM….nice."

We joined Jeff again, when Nikki said, "I'm ready to start, if you guys are." Jeff had a look of surprise on his face, as did I. I guess we didn't figure it would go like this. Nikki and I walked over to Jeff and began kissing him. I whispered in his ear, "Happy anniversary" with a smile. Nikki pulled Jeff's shirt over his head and rubbed her hands on him while admiring his well cut chest. Both Nikki and I were kissing him on his lips and neck. 

I felt Jeff's hand worked its way up my back under my blouse. He was able to unhook the clasp with one hand. I moved off the couch away from him to unbutton the blouse and take off my bra. Nikki's eyes were transfixed on my breasts as her body rubbed against Jeff's. He was kissing her neck and feeling her left tit through her thin top. 

I removed my shorts and panties, revealing the rest of my body to them both. I reached down and rubbed a few fingers on my shaved pussy. Then I walked over to undress Nikki. As I lifted her off the couch, I leaned over and we kissed again. Her tongue forcefully pushed its way past my lips into my mouth. Our tongues danced for a few minutes and I reached down to remove her skirt. I was excited to see she had no panties on. Then I removed her blouse and took a step back to take in sexy vision in front of me. 

Nikki had tan lines around her boobs and pubic area. The tanned areas were a stark contrast to her naturally fair, white skin. Her tits were large, firm, almost perfectly round and completely natural. Despite their size, she had small, raspberry nipples that seemed permanently erect. She had a narrow waste that flared out into wide hips. There was a closely cropped patch of red pubic hair, just above her pussy. I could see her swollen labia just peeking out from her slit and a wet glisten of arousal in the candlelight. 

We turned our attentions to Jeff's clothes. He was well under way getting undressed. His enormous member was straining to come out from his underwear. There was a small wet mark were his precum leaked from the tip. I knelt between his legs and help him off with his underwear. Then I took his cock in my left hand and reached over for Nikki with the other. I pulled her gently to join me between Jeff's spread legs. 

She leaned down and lightly touched it as if in disbelief of the size. She rubbed her hand from under the head to the base. As she continued that, I leaned in and took the swollen, spongy head into my mouth. Jeff let out a small sign as I sucked and licked at the precum, all the while Nikki rubbed the shaft.

I released his head and motioned with my eyes for Nikki to try. Her mouth opened wide to accommodate his girth. She sucked on it like a giant lollipop for a while. I turned my sights to her strawberry nipples. 

I traced little circles around the areola of her left tit, then flicked at the nipple. She flinched a bit and let out a small yelp as Jeff penis head popped out of her mouth. She had a look of pleasure on her face, with her eye closed, she turned her body to give me better access. Then she took a deep breath and took Jeff's dick into her mouth again. 

I was getting hotter by the second and knew we should move to a better location. I took my mouth off of Nikki's breast and suggested we move to the bedroom. Nikki gave the head a quick kiss then jumped up and we all went into the room.

Jeff lay down on the bed with his cock sticking straight up from his pelvis. I maneuvered myself onto it and sank down. I've grown accustomed to his size in me and have learned to savor the sharp, stretching sensation when I'm first penetrated. I placed my hands flat on his ribs below his chest, closed my eyes and began a slow grind letting out, "OOOHHH Yeah! That's soooo GOOOOOOOD!"

Nikki was to the side of us kissing Jeff. " Do you want me to eat you?" I head him ask her, giving a little twinge to my pussy. I opened my eyes to see her straddling his head facing me. Here eyes were rolled back in her head and she was biting her lower lip. She had her hands planted on Jeff's chest and her arms were pushing her tits together. I couldn't let that go and leaned forward into her cleavage. I stuck out my tongue and ran it between the firm mounds of flesh. Quiet ooh's and ah's escaped from Nikki's mouth. 

I could hear Jeff lapping at Nikki's sopping cunt. He's an expert at doing it and it was apparent that he was doing a good job on Nikki. Her body was quivering and her she was beginning to moan. I leaned back to watch her orgasm on my stud's face. It was obvious she was getting close.

In my most sultry voice I said, "That's it baby. Make this sexy girl cum on your face so I can lick her cum off you. Then you can cum inside me and fuck Nikki with your fat cock. She looks so good on you, I can't wait till I can have her."

My encouraging words were working. Jeff's dick was throbbing in my pussy and his hips pushed up to meet my motion, so that he was as deep as he could get. His forceful jabs hit my g spot and caused me to uncontrollably release a loud groan. "OH FUCK!", I yelled and began to cum.

Nikki had begun to cum at the same time and leaned forward forcefully to kiss me on the lips while she moaned and bucked her hips, grinding her pussy on Jeff's face. Then Jeff's let out a series of moans into Nikki's cunt and exploded inside of me. Blast after blast of hot cum covered the walls of my hot hole. His cock throbbed in me for a minute or so while some of his seed leaked from me down the insides of my legs. 

Nikki fell to Jeff's side breathing heavy. Jeff and I looked at each other and smiled, then I laid my body against Jeff's, still planted on his rigid pole. I reached around his head and pulled his face up to meet mine. We kissed softly, then I proceeded to lick off Nikki's nectar from his face. Her cum tasted sweet and was mixed with the salty taste of Jeff's sweat. 

When I finished, we kissed again and I stuck my tongue into his mouth. He eagerly sucked it like a small penis. Jeff loves being covered in cum and, from what I can tell, has a greater hunger for it than me.

After another minute, I climbed off Jeff and lay down on his left side. There was an audible THWAP sound when his dick pulled out of me and a river of our combined fluids came with it. Apparently, Nikki had been fingering herself while watching us and was ready to take my man's cock in her. 

"Make me cum with your dick. I want to feel what Lysa feels."

Jeff rolled on top of her. She spread her legs to accommodate him and he positioned the tip of his manhood at her hole. As he slipped into her, she began to wince. His girth was stretching her to the limit. He noticed and began to withdraw before trying again. This time he slowly drove in deeper and again she seemed to be in pain.

"Are you OK?", Jeff asked Nikki.

"I've never had anyone as big as you before. I just need time to get used to it." 

Jeff withdrew and pushed in one last time, finally driving it to the hilt. Nikki took a quick deep breath and held it for a second as she had his full shaft buried inside her. Several seconds passed then she exhaled and said she was ready, but to go slow at first. Jeff obliged her. His stroke was slow and steady. I know from experience that Jeff could be a lot to handle, but that he could also be extremely gentle when need be. 

Nikki began to moan and move her hips up to meet Jeff. He pumped into her a little faster and began kissing her neck and cheek. I watched from my side of the bed. I had a finger on my clit tracing circles. My left hand pulled at one of my nipples. The pace of their lovemaking quickened and both where moaning. They were kissing each other passionately. Nikki had wrapped her legs around Jeff's and her hands held onto his back as if she would fall should she let go. The scene before me was amazing.

Nikki broke the kiss to speak. "Oh…oh…oh yes", she muttered between heavy breaths. "You're wonderful. Keep going, I'm going to cum soon. Aaahhh, Jeff this is so good. Here it comes…YES! I'M CUMMING!"

I was trying to time my orgasm to Nikki's, but didn't want to take my eyes off her hot performance. She had dug her fingers into Jeff's back and was holding on for dear life. Jeff slowed his pace but continued pumping into her. He was quite adept at giving me multiple orgasms, and was trying his technique on Nikki. When she came down from her first orgasm, Jeff pushed hard into her. His cock pistoned into her and in seconds she was yelling out his name as a second orgasm washed over her. This time I let myself cum with her. 

The sensation flowed through me from head to toe. I was in bliss. I slid closer to Jeff and Nikki so I could rub my hand on them as they enjoyed each other. I was feeling hotter despite my two orgasms. Nikki had cum two more times before telling Jeff she couldn't take any more. So he pulled out of her and moved onto me.

"Not so fast." I said. "Take me doggie style."

Jeff climbed off the bed and stood along side. His cock was standing straight out, his endurance always fascinated me. I got on all fours and motioned to Nikki to get under me so I could kiss her and feel her as Jeff fucked me. Nikki settled in just as Jeff grabbed my hips and rammed himself into me. "Yeah, that's it baby. Now do it to me how I like it." I growled out to him. 

He knew this is my favorite position and I like it hard and fast this way. Having Nikki's sexy body rubbing against me during it was an added bonus. Jeff followed my order and started pounding me like never before. He had me cumming in no time. I buried my face into Nikki's bosom to muffle my cries. Jeff didn't let up and continued thrusting into my cunt. I looked Nikki in the eyes, "Talk dirty to me. I don't care what you say, just say anything that comes to mind." I ordered.

"Oh Lysa, Jeff's dick felt so wonderful in me. You look so good getting fucked by him now. You two can have me anytime you want. You're both so sexy."

I could feel a massive orgasm was imminent. I just needed a little more. "That's good. Now tell me I'm a whore."

"You are a whore. You're just a slut. Only a whore would fuck another girl together with her boyfriend. Only a whore like you takes a cock the way you do."

The orgasm hit me hard. My stomach tightened and the rest of my body was wracked by convulsions. I felt my control slip away and I started sobbing from the pleasure. Jeff had seen this before and knew to keep fucking me harder than before. When I get like this I have a tendency to profess my love to pretty much anyone in the room. So Nikki was a little taken aback when I began spouting off. Tears were streaming down my face while I kissed Nikki's face, lips and neck. All the while I told Nikki how much I loved her and Jeff and how good they made me feel. This was interspersed with the odd moan and cry.

Then Jeff grunted that he was about to cum. Nikki yelled out, "Shoot your load on me and Lysa!" Jeff quickly pulled out of me and brutishly pushed me off of Nikki and onto my back. She and I lay side by side with Jeff hovering over us stroking himself violently. Then he let out a loud "Uh" and deluged us with sticky cum. His seed splashed onto our bodies from our stomachs to faces. I had a shot in my hair. Jeff jacked out the last drops of cum for a minute or two, then fell down on the bed on the other side of Nikki. His dick rested on his stomach, semi rigid and softening quickly.

We lay together for a few minutes, then Jeff got us a towel to clean off somewhat. We all took turns showering off. Nikki stayed the night and each of us had our fill of the other. When she left the next morning both Jeff and I kissed her good bye. I told her I hoped we could do this again sometime. She just smiled and said "I'm sure" and left. We're still waiting for that time.