 A previously unpublished chapter in the story of Jack, and the home he shares with three lovelies.

* * * *

Joe stays for a Sleepover. Just a lot of hot, sticky sex. Forewarned.

* * * *

Having at least made an effort towards calming down the agitation caused by our new roommate Robin, and stopping Jimbo from doing anything stupider than usual, I was looking forward to a little relaxation. 

Beth and Debbie had decided it might be nice to invite Joe over for a 'sleepover' and I was still not entirely sure what they had in mind.

By the time I made it to the rear porch after my discussion with Robin, it was deserted. I headed inside, stopping to get a drink. I was all 'beered' out, and switched to the single malt. Not always a good idea, but I was so full I couldn't stand the idea of another beer, but a little sipping whiskey seemed to be just what the doctor ordered.

I found a beautiful sight waiting in the living room. Debbie and Beth had Joe bracketed on the couch, and it looks like they were both whispering in his ears. I would have loved to have been privy to those words.

"Where's the rest of the gang?" I asked.

Debbie answered. "I don't know, Karen never came down after putting the girls down for the night, then Jim went up there, and he's never returned, and then Robin headed up there just a minute ago. I bet she's going to really cock things up." 

Beth chimed in with her own $.02. "Having her here might be a big mistake."

Joe just looked around at us all confused.

"Thanks. Now you tell me. You never said anything that first night. Hell, Debbie, you offered to double up the girls." I answered, a bit exasperated.

"You're right." Debbie admitted calmly. "And I might have been wrong. What a surprise! First time I ever made a bad decision involving any type of relationship." 

Beth looked embarrassed by the words, as did Joe. I tried to calm things down a bit. "I spoke with Jim and Robin. Maybe I talked some sense into them. If we hear shouting from upstairs, we'll know I failed."

We were all a little quiet, each wondering just how things were going up there anyway. 

I heard the opening riff from Angie, come over the speakers, one of my favorites, and I pulled Debbie to her feet and into my arms for a dance. 

Angie, Angie, when will those clouds all disappear?

Angie, Angie, where will it lead us from here?

"I love holding you," I whispered.

With no loving in our souls and no money in our coats

You can't say we're satisfied

But Angie, Angie, you can't say we never tried.

"Look at our friends," Debbie softly whispered back.

Angie, you're beautiful, but ain't it time we said good-bye?

Angie, I still love you, remember all those nights we cried?

Joe was taking things in stride and was dancing with Beth, just a few feet away.

All the dreams we held so close seemed to all go up in smoke

Let me whisper in your ear:

Angie, Angie, where will it lead us from here?

She felt so good in my arms, smelled so delightful, I had to kiss her.

Oh, Angie, don't you weep, all your kisses still taste sweet

I hate that sadness in your eyes

But Angie, Angie, ain't it time we said good-bye?

"Do you see what I see?" I asked her this time, my breath tickling her ear.

With no loving in our souls and no money in our coats

You can't say we're satisfied

"Mmm-hmmm," she acknowledged, after looking over to see Joe and Beth engaged in a lip lock

But Angie, I still love you, baby

Everywhere I look I see your eyes

There ain't a woman that comes close to you

Come on baby, dry your eyes

But Angie, Angie, ain't it good to be alive?

Angie, Angie, they can't say we never tried

I had the CD's on random-play, and the luck of the draw had that song followed up by the Eagle's Desperado. I turned to Beth and Joe, who had only just ended their kiss, and I passed him Debbie, as I took Beth from him, for a second dance.

"You looked like you were having fun." I teased, swaying with her.

"He's so worked up, he's ready to pop now. Imagine what dancing with THAT is going to do to him." She laughed with a nod towards where Debbie was clinging to Joe.

"Do you have anything special in mind?" I asked her.

"Not really," she said, but I sensed a bit of dissembling there.

"So you haven't really thought about doing anything in particular," I asked her, prodding her.

"What do you want?" She asked.

It looked like she wasn't going to suggest anything, but I remembered some fantasies we'd shared. 

"Let's play it by ear. But at some point, I think I'd like to find you filled at both ends." I told her, pulling her hard against me so she could feel my hard-on.

"I think I'd like that." She said softly.

As the last notes of the song died out, I whispered, "let's go," and took her hand leading her to the bedroom. Beth reached out and grabbed Joe's hand, tugging him along, Debbie broke free, and went to turn off the music and turn out the light's on the way.

Once in the room, I let go of Beth's hand, and gently guided her towards Joe. She went to him, and gave him a big hug and a kiss, and as they broke apart she slid to her knees and started unbuckling his belt and pants.

Debbie walked in, and saw the developing scene. She looked over at me seated on a chair nearby and raised her eyebrow, as if asking what's up. I gave a nod towards Joe and Beth, and a little toss of my head, letting her know she could join them. For the moment I was just going to enjoy the show.

Debbie moved in behind Joe, and pulled his shirt off over his head. By this time Beth had his pants off, and was rubbing his stiff cock through his briefs. Funny, I would have thought him to be a boxers kind of guy.

Debbie was funny. She gave a push to his shoulder and plunked him down sitting on the end of the bed. When Beth looked at her, wondering, Debbie pulled her to her feet facing Joe.

"Look at this Joe." She said softly from behind the petite brunette, her hands caressing Beth's front. "This young innocent toy is going to be your play-thing tonight. Can you believe it?" Beth looked behind her at Debbie, eyes wide.

"Look at him," Debbie urged, her voice pitched low, turning Beth's eyes forward. Beth did as she was told, shaking a bit.

Debbie had her hands inside Beth's meager top now, and you could see the outlines of her hands rubbing Beth's breasts. "You're only the second man ever to handle these babies, Joe. Can you imagine that?"

Debbie suddenly tugged the top off over Beth's head, and then she was working on her shorts. She opened them, and tugged them down to her ankles. Beth stood there, in her bra and panties. Damn sexy panties and bra, definitely not daily wear. "Look Joe, at some point she knew she was putting these on for you." Her hand reached into Beth's panties, caressing her. "She's wet. Very wet."

She suddenly snapped off Beth's bra, and Beth's hands automatically leaped up to cover her breasts.

"No, no, no. None of that." Debbie said, tugging Beth's hands back to her sides. "Let Joe see his toy." She then pulled Beth's panties down, and I could see Beth blushing deeply. "Will you look at that? Freshly shaved, too. I wonder who that was for." She laughed, but not meanly.

She turned Beth to face her now, side-on to Joe. "She's so beautiful, isn't she? And so sweet. So innocent, and so willing. So irresistible. God, I should be jealous." She leaned forward and placed a soft kiss on Beth's lips, which she returned, visibly trembling now.

Debbie turned to face Joe. but spoke over her shoulder to Beth. "Unwrap me for him." 

Beth again obeyed, never once looking over to me, not saying a word, her shaking fingers undressing Debbie, not in a hurry, but not taking her time either. At a very natural speed.

"Tell me, Joe, if you could have anything, if we could make any one dream of yours come true tonight, what would it be?" Debbie asked him, half-dressed.

"Oh, God, this is already a dream come true." He moaned.

"I mean it, Joe. Imagine this as a once-in-a-lifetime chance. A one-time payoff for everything you've done for us. What happens here stays here. Anything you want. I don't care what it is. If you could have one wish, and the sweet little Beth and I were completely at your disposal what could you dream?" By the time Debbie finished speaking, she was completely naked before him. In all her amazing glory. Debbie is almost indescribably beautiful, and standing there, completely open, with the beautiful young Beth peeking over her shoulder, it was almost enough to make me pop my cork, and I was just watching.

This wasn't what I had expected this to be like, nor, I imagined did Beth, but Debbie was in control now, and Beth seemed to be willing enough to go along. This was a side of Debbie I would never have imagined.

"I...I'd want you two in 69, Beth on the bottom, and I could take turns fucking your pussy and her mouth." He gasped, his hand on his cock, unconsciously stroking it.

Debbie laughed. "Is that all? No spanking, no bondage, no toys, no role-playing?" She moved forward and reached down, stopping his hand from moving, then pulled his shorts off. She then pushed on his chest, pushing him back. "Up on the bed you, I think we can do better than that." 

Joe back-crawled up the bed, until his head was by the headboard. My two lovely roommates crawled into the bed after him, and proceeded to give him the most amazing dual blow-job. It was a stunning view I knew well, those two achingly pretty faces working on your cock. Joe was a lucky man.

Joe was also an over-excited man and within a minute he was shooting for my lovelies. Debbie was the boss again, and pushed Beth's face down on Joe's exploding cock. "Don't swallow," she warned the pretty teen.

When Joe seemed to done coming, Beth raised her head and faced Debbie. "Show me," Debbie told her. Beth opened her mouth showing a sticky white mess. Debbie tilted her own head back, opening her mouth wide, and sticking her tongue out. Beth got the message, and leaning over her, let Joe's come slide out of her mouth into Debbie's. 

"Oh, Fuck!" Joe groaned, watching the wicked display. 

Once Debbie had most of his juice, she sat more upright, and pulled Beth's mouth tight against hers. They shared that cum-kiss for a long time, before slowly separating.

This was so alien to me. Sure, in bed, there'd be occasional contact between the girls, and sometimes they'd do things I'd instigated, but I'd never seen either one really take the initiative to do anything with the other. But now they looked like lovers, toying with their own boy-toy. 

Debbie whispered to Beth, who climbed up the bed toward's Joe. She then licked her lips. "That was nice, Joe. I'm sorry that was so quick, but we needed to get that one out of the way, so you can take your time fucking me and Beth's talented little mouth."

Beth had climbed up to the head of the bed, and she leaned over to kiss Joe. He jerked back a second just after they started, but Beth held onto his head tight. I suspected that Beth had never been allowed to swallow her share of Joe's gift, and when she pulled away from the kiss, with a long white string hanging from her mouth to his, my suspicions were confirmed.

These girls were wicked.

"Now before we make your dream come true, we've got a job for you. Get us ready. You don't get to come again until we've come. You can start with your pretty little groupie here. I get to watch this time." She pushed Beth towards him. Beth took the place where he'd been in the middle of the bed, and spread her legs for him. He didn't take long. But he didn't start right in between her legs. He explored every inch of her little hard-body before finally settling in for the real work.

In the meantime, Debbie joined me. "Poor baby, all left out, let's see if we can't do something about that." She quickly helped me to undress, and then she took my stiff cock in her hand, and climbed aboard.

"Wow, Debbie, this is a side of you I've never seen." I told her, as she fucked me.

"God, I'm so excited doing this for you. It's like a live show with you my only audience. It's kind of wild to be in control, and he's got the hots for Beth so bad, he's just helpless to us. A once in a life-time lottery-pick dream for him. And it's yours every night."

"I'm not going to last long," I warned her, as she continued sliding up and down on my shaft.

"Good, let's give ol' Joe a surprise," she laughed devilishly.

Beth was squirming for him nicely by this time, and looked to be on the verge of coming herself. 

"Hurry, sweetie, give it to me," Debbie whispered, leaning forward, elbows on her knees, and slamming her hips up and down. I grabbed her thighs and helped her, lengthening the stroke, and then I was there, coming for my devious blonde goddess.

"Deep," she whispered, settling back onto me, while I emptied myself as far inside as I could reach.

As soon as I was done, she closed her legs, and gingerly walked to the bed, stretching out beside Beth. She reached out and took Beth's nipples in her fingers and tugged on them. That seemed to be the cue for her, and Beth cried out as she came on Joe's experienced tongue. He didn't stop right away, but slowly brought her down, coming up with a big shit-eating grin plastered across his face, as well as a whole lot of her juices.

"That was good, Joe, looks like you're half way to having your dream come true." Debbie teased, giving Beth a nudge. "Go take care of Our Man," Debbie said with a nod towards me. Beth climbed off the bed, and headed my way. "On your knees," Debbie warned, and Beth looked confused for a second before she dropped to her hands and knees and crawled to me.

When Beth got to me, she looked up and started talking, "Is she..."

"Hush," I told her placing my fingers across her lips, and tugging her chin down.

I could almost see the argument building inside her, but she acquiesced.

I pulled her by the hair to my cock, which was sticky and semi-flaccid. "Clean me, while Joe cleans Debbie," I whispered to her.

At this time, Joe had performed a similar full body exploration of the wondrous Debbie, and was once again settling in between her legs. As he went at her she started speaking.

"I know I'm a little messy down there, Joe. But I can't come when I'm messy like that. If you clean me nice, lick me dry, I'm sure I can come, and then Beth and I can take that monster pole of yours and wring you dry. You'd like that wouldn't you Joe?" She laughed, grabbing his head and pressing it tightly against her crotch.

Joe didn't seem the least concerned with conditions down there. He seemed to be eagerly fulfilling his end of the duty.

"That's good Joe, just like that. Oh wait a second, sorry, looks like I'm not quite clean yet," she teased. It looked like she was bearing down try to squirt all my juices back out. Debbie looked over at me and Beth, and gave me a wink.

God, all this time I had the devil in my bed and didn't even know it.

"What?" Beth asked, and I realized I must have spoken out loud.

I looked down and saw that I was clean and hard. "Ride me," I told her.

She turned her back to me, facing the action on the bed, and straddled me, taking my cock in one smooth stroke.

I held her there, completely still, enjoying being in her.

"How do you like being the toy, my pet." I asked her softly while we watched Joe eat his way to his own reward.

"I don't know," she said hesitantly.

"You love it." I told her. "You love not knowing what you'll be asked to do, and having to do it. You love being our plaything."

"It's...wild," she admitted.

"Let's have a race," I whispered to her. "Let's see if you can make me come before Debbie does. If you do, then Debbie is going to get a little treat when she goes down on you. If you don't, then tonight may be the night you lose your other cherry." I slipped a hand between us, under her cheeks, and let my fingertip nudge her backdoor, so she was sure to get the message.

Beth was game. She quickly turned around facing me and lowered herself onto my cock again. But now she had some leverage. She was able to put her feet outside my hips, and grasp the back of the chair. She then worked herself up and down on my cock, taking full advantage of my entire length, and working hard. Then she went the extra mile.

Beth leaned over me, her breasts just a hair away from my face while she whispered to me. "So tonight's the night? You're going to split my poor ass with that big fat cock of yours? Almost makes me want to lose this contest. Feeling that big, hard, throbbing cock sinking deeper and deeper into my bottom. Stretching me way beyond anything I can imagine. Will Debbie lick me while you plunder my ass? Can she at least try to take the sting away? It's my last cherry, and it's yours if you want. I want you to have it, fuck my tight ass, Jack. Fuck my ass hard. Tonight."

Her words were working wonders, and I hadn't believed I'd be able to come again so quickly, but Beth had me there, right on the edge.

"You are a naughty one aren't you," I huffed, grabbing her hips and thrusting up into her hard. I was moments away, when Debbie cried out on the bed.

"That was it, yes, Joe, yes, you've earned your reward." Debbie sighed.

At that moment I came inside of Beth, slamming her down on my shaft, and emptying myself deep inside of her.

"Sorry, babe, but Debbie won. And you almost had me. I guess I will take you up on your sweet offer." I hugged her to me, kissing her deeply, before loosening her arms and directing her to the bed.

Debbie was sitting up now, leisurely stroking Joe's erection while he stood at the end of the bed. "How do you want us Joe, how can we make your dream come true." She reached out for Beth to come to her side, then guided Beth to her knees beside her.

"Isn't she pretty Joe? Pretty little Beth, just aching to pleasure you." She guided Beth's hot mouth to Joe's meat. "Give him a taste, baby."

"Do you two, you know, do things together?" He asked huskily, his voice catching.

"Not usually, Joe, but for you anything tonight. Would you like to see that? Do you want to see us play together? Do you want Beth to do what you did, get me ready for your big, fat hard cock?" 

Beth's oral attention was easy, just enough attention to keep him going, or so I thought, until I saw his hand reach down and grab the back of her hair, pushing harder into her mouth.

Debbie leaned over and pushed him away. "Silly boy, not yet." As he stepped back, she invited Beth into our bed. I moved my chair closer to the bed and gestured for Joe to take a seat on the hope chest, while we enjoyed the view.

This was interesting. Sure, they'd done a few things together under my direction in the past, but I was curious as to how far this would go, and how Beth would take it.

I needn't have worried. Debbie gave Beth the kind of attention she usually reserves for me. Her every action screamed love and adoration. She didn't ask for anything in response, she just worshipped that sexy little teen hard-body. They ended up in a tight embrace, their legs interlocked, their sex pressed together. I watched their hips remain in action, grinding against each other, while Debbie whispered to Beth, words not meant for us to share. Debbie had Beth worked up like a raw nerve, when she broke away, and laid her out across the mattress, her head just at the foot of the bed.

"We're almost ready for you Joe. Are you ready for us?" Debbie asked, as she climbed on top of Beth, head-to-toe, in the classic 69 position. She lowered her face to Beth's waiting warmth, once again working to bring her back to that hairy edge of excitement. She was imminently in control, and I was enthralled as I watched her slowly lower her hips, her pink opening settling closer and closer to Beth's face.
