 This is Part II to A Gift From Lila. This will be the last one in this story set, at least for now, because I want to move on from these characters. Thanks for everyone's feedback!

*

It had been a week since Lila and I had made love that first time. Okay, so I guess "made love" isn't the right phrase exactly. It had been a week since Lila and I had fucked each other senseless in her office. Luckily, the head of the firm was so turned on just by hearing our little performance, he was kind enough to only make one of us "step down." I took the fall since Lila had much more to lose. I had a financially supportive husband who was clueless to my little love affair, and I intended to keep it that way. For the time being at least.

It had been a week and Lila and I had continued seeing each other. And not always "seeing" each other—sometimes we used blindfolds. We knew each others' pussies inside and out. Unlike most men that can't found my g spot with a map, Lila hits it with ease. And our vibrators have been put to a lot of use as well. There is nothing like having one vibrator shoved up your cunt and another in your ass. The orgasm is incredible. At the time, I thought I wouldn't be able to walk or sit right for a week. Hell, the orgasm made my limbs go so taut, I got a Charlie horse. But fifteen minutes later, Lila was eating me out in the shower bringing me to yet another earth-shattering orgasm.

It had been a week and Lila and I were celebrating the anniversary. No dinner, flowers, or candy. Just pure hot sex. My legs were propped up on some pillows in Lila's bed, and Lila was pumping a dildo in and out of my pussy with a finger on my clit.

"Honey, are you distracted?" Lila asked, pulling the dildo out. Juice flowed out of me and down the side of my thigh. Lila automatically trailed her finger over the cum and then stuck her finger in her mouth.

"Huh?" I said, snapping out of my thoughts.

"Mmmhmmm... just what I thought." Lila raised an eyebrow.

"Sorry, I was just thinking..."

"About?"

I laughed. "You're definitely a woman. First, a man wouldn't care if I was distracted and second, he definitely wouldn't care what I was thinking about."

Lila laughed with me. "But seriously..."

"I was just thinking about you and me. And how great it is that I found you," I said, as I leaned over to kiss her. Her lips were still a little damp and I could taste my own cum on her mouth.

"You want more, don't you?"

"What? What are you talking about?"

"It's okay. Some other 'straight' or bisexual women I have slept with have had the same feeling. Some women still miss cock. I personally don't understand it, but this wouldn't be the first time this has happened."

I bit my lip. "There is nothing wrong with you. You're beautiful. Amazing orgasms. It's just... It's just sometimes I miss..."

"The feel of a hard, hot cock pumping into you," Lila said, finishing my sentence.

My pussy jumped at even the sound of it. "Exactly! I don't know what it is."

"You know, lesbians around the world are cringing right now," Lila teased.

"I mean, vibrators and dildos are great. But a real dick gives a whole different feeling. You can't feel a dildo pulse from all the blood in it, and vibrators don't get hard in your hand or mouth."

"You know, there are settings for that pulsing thing..."

I laughed. "It's just so robotic."

Lila looked down at her hands and bit her lip.

"Oh, but Lila, I'd rather have you than a cock. I mean, even when a real cock has all that going for it, it usually doesn't make me cum. And I can't have the same conversations with a dick as I do with you," I said, grabbing and caressing her hands.

"Well, you can, but then you might be considered crazy," Lila said, smiling up at me.

I picked up the dildo from off the comforter. "Now let's just forget about this and why don't we resume our little celebration?" I suggested.

"Katie, I won't forget about this. It really is okay you feel this way. It's just--I've learned a little something in the past. If I let you go and have a little fling, you probably won't be coming back to me."

"But that's not what I—"

Lila raised her hand to stop me. "So, that's why I think we should just add a little something to the mix."

"But we're already using dildos," I said, puzzled.

Lila rolled her eyes and laughed. "I mean, we should have a threesome!"

"Oh. Oooh," I said.

"Really, isn't this every guy's fantasy to fuck two hot girls at once?"

"But where do we find someone?" I asked.

"Leave that up to me. All you need to worry about is how you're going to make me cum right now," Lila said, as she pointed to the dildo that I was still holding.

I smiled mischievously before I descended upon her.

"Fuck yes! Oh fuck yeah!" I screamed, as I held Lila's face closer to my pussy.

Her tongue dipped in and out of my pussy before landing on my clit. Then her lips were on the lips of my pussy before her tongue darted back inside me.

"Oh, baby, I'm coming!"

My head lurched forward as my toes flexed. My body shuddered, as Lila crept up my body before her mouth touched mine.

"I love tasting myself after you make me cum," I said, as I gasped for air.

Lila smiled. "I actually have a surprise for you, Katie."

I kissed her again, letting my tongue explore her mouth for more of my sweet honey. My hands went to her soft breasts and hard nipples.

"You know that thing we talked about the other day?" she asked, pulling away from me.

I nodded.

"Well, this Thursday, he's coming here. And I think more than just he will be coming, if you know what I mean," Lila laughed.

"He is?" I shrieked, bolting upright. "Thursday? Is he cute? What does he look like?"

Lila laughed harder. "He's very hot. He's a little older—in his forties, but definitely a good quality silver fox."

I licked my lips. "Where did you find him?"

"Oh, just around town..."

"Okay, honey, why don't you get all nice and naked and I'll bring him back here," Lila ordered.

I nodded. "But wait, wouldn't be more fun if you two undressed me."

"Hmmm... Just leave on your underwear to leave a little mystery. And we can have a little fun unwrapping him," Lila said with a wink.

Lila left me alone in her bedroom. I could feel the adrenaline pumping through my veins. I had never had a threesome before. I pulled my shirt up over my head and threw it towards her closet. I unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans, and they slid to the floor. I stepped out of them and sat on the bed to wait. I heard a man's voice and Lila greeting him. The man's voice seemed so familiar but I just couldn't place it. Lila's grinning head popped into view.

"Here he is, Kate."

A tall, brunette man appeared in the doorway. His temples were graying and the rest of his hair had grey streaks as well. Rugged and classic good looks. And I was finally able to place the man—it was my old boss.

"Mr. Henderson!" I said, blushing as I quickly held my hands over my barely covered breasts.

"Katie, I think you should call me Scott, especially in this setting," Mr. Henderson said smiling.

"But-but," I sputtered.

"Now, Katie, you always did tell me how good looking you thought he was," Lila said. "And you found me at work, and I was just thinking it would be nice to keep it in the firm."

I couldn't move or speak. All I could do was stare at Mr. Henderson with my jaw on the floor.

"Maybe this will relax you," Scott said, as he stepped towards me.

His tongue went into my mouth and his hands went to my breasts. He kissed my deeply and massaged my breasts.

"Mmmm, these are nice," he murmured in my mouth, as he unclasped my bra.

I blushed. "They're so small."

"You have nipples, don't you?"

I moaned into his mouth, as he tweaked my nipples. I grabbed his head and pulled him in closer. Lila came behind him and began loosening his tie while kissing his neck. Scott began sucking my nipples, as I helped Lila by unbuttoning his shirt. My hand went to his crotch and I could feel his semi-hard dick. I stroked him through his pants, and he grew harder to my touch. 

"Let's get you out of those very constricting pants, why don't we," Lila sighed into his ear before taking the lobe in between her teeth. She fumbled with his belt awhile, not able to unclasp it.

"Let me get that. You obviously don't have much experience with men's belts," I teased.

I caressed up and down his clothed thighs before whipping off his belt smoothly. I unzipped his trousers and they dropped to the floor from the weight of his belt. Lila got undressed as she watched me strip down our boss. I could see the thick veins of his cock even through his grey boxer briefs. Scott quickly stepped out of his pants that lay on the floor and kicked them to the side and out of the way. I put my mouth on my old boss' underwear-wrapped cock. I moaned on his cock and felt it lurch towards the vibrations of my mouth.

"Fuuuuck," he sighed.

I hooked my thumbs at the top of his underwear and slowly pulled them down. His erect cock popped out of its restraints and hit me in the face. I finished pulling down his briefs and Mr. Henderson stepped out of those as well.

"Suck his cock, baby. I want to watch you suck his cock," Lila groaned, as she began kissing my neck.

I felt my panties wetten even more, as Lila sucked on my neck. I looked up into Scott's lust-filled eyes and he nodded down at me hungrily. I lightly touched the head of his cock and felt his whole body shudder. My grasp got tighter and stronger as my hand headed down the shaft of his cock. Letting my mouth replace where my hand had been, I placed the head of his cock in my mouth and swirled my tongue around the tip. Lila retreated her lips from my neck and placed a hand on Scott's ass. She lightly stroked it as I took Scott's cock deeper into my mouth. Soon Lila's head was under mine as she licked and sucked her boss' balls. All three of us moaned simultaneously: me on Scott's dick, Lila on his balls, and Scott into the air as he stroked the back of our heads.

"Shit, I don't want to blow my load yet," Scott groaned. "I really want to, but I'd rather cum in someone's pussy."

I gave the head of his cock another twirl with my tongue before I reluctantly popped him out of my mouth. 

"Let me see you two eat each other, please," he begged.

Lila smiled at me before she pushed me on to the bed. Her naked body crashed down on mine. She stroked me through my underwear as my pussy pulsed in need of her direct touch. She slowly pulled down my panties, kissing me as she revealed each part of my body and legs. She tossed my panties toward Scott, as she sucked on my big toe. Catching the underwear, Scott brought them to his nose and inhaled deeply.

"God, you smell good."

"She tastes even better," Lila said, smiling.

Lila kissed back up my legs before kissing me on either side of my wet pussy. She swirled her tongue on my clit before violently thrusting two fingers up inside of me. I moaned, clutching the sheets on the bed while my lower body jerked up to meet my lover's touch.

"Baby, you're so wet for me," Lila whispered as she licked both lips of my twat.

Her fingers stroked my g spot, as Scott slowly stroked his cock watching us. His cock glistened with precum. Lila slowly withdrew her fingers from my wetness before she turned her body setting her bald pussy in front of me. A drop of her honey dripped down the side of her leg and I eagerly lapped it up before heading to the source. Lila moaned on my clit, as I shoved my tongue inside her. I grabbed each fleshy cheek of her ass and pulled her closer, allowing my tongue to stroke deeper inside. Lila continued sucking my clit and I could feel myself drawing closer to ecstasy. I took this as a challenge to make Lila cum with me. My tongue flew furiously in and out and around her open pussy while my fingers tended to her clit. Lila sucked harder on me and I dug my fingernails in her ass as my body tightened in orgasm. Lila let out a satisfied scream into my pussy, as her own pussy flowed over my tongue and onto my face. Her body fell limp on mine and her breathing grew heavy and labored. 

"Fuck yeah," Scott moaned, as he climbed onto the bed with us. "I need one of you on me now."

"I'm more than happy to oblige," I said, as Lila rolled off me—still breathing heavy.

I stroked the lips of my pussy, preparing myself for my second lover. Scott crawled on top of me, as he kissed my lips. 

"Mmmm, I can taste Lila on you," he moaned.

I felt his hard cock in between my legs and I slowly stroked myself along the shaft of it.

"Oh, fuck," he cried. "I need you!"

I positioned the head of his cock at my entrance. Teasing him, I rubbed him on my outer lips. With urgency, he pushed my hand out of the way with his and shoved his cock roughly into me. 

"Shit!" I screamed before I bit his shoulder.

"Oh fuck yeah!" he moaned, as he pulled his head away from to look at my face. "I didn't think you'd be so fucking tight."

I was surprised as well at how snugly he fit inside of me. I could feel each little bump and vein on his cock, as he ripped in and out of me. He fucked me with the urgency and roughness of someone thirty years younger. And it was exactly what I wanted.

"Fuck me! Fuck me harder," I screamed.

I heard Lila moan loudly. I had totally forgotten about her. I looked over at her out of the corner of my eye, as Scott continued pumping his cock in and out of me. Lila had one of our vibrators buried in her pussy with her finger rubbing her clit. Her eyes weren't on mine, but on my pussy being split by Scott's cock. Just seeing her like that made me cum. I screamed, as my body went up to meet Mr. Henderson's. My pussy pulling him deeper clenched him tightly. 

"Fuuuuuck," Scott moaned, as his cock erupted with thick, hot cum.

I felt him burst inside me. My pussy only milked him more. His cum hitting the walls of my pussy brought me to yet another orgasm.

"Get over here," he said to Lila, as he pulled out of me.

Lila scooted closer, but her hand never left the vibrator in her pussy. Scott shot a thick strand of cum on Lila's pussy. Lila rubbed his cum into her clit and pussy. Scott shot one more load on her pussy before collapsing hard on the bed. Lila pumped the vibrator one last time inside her before she screamed. I crawled to my exhausted lover and withdrew the vibrator from her. I lapped at the mixture of cum that pooled out of her. She sighed, as I finished cleaning her. I licked my lips one last time before I too rolled on my back in utter exhaustion.