 =======
Coming home and facing an internal crisis. Cathy rides to the rescue again, with a surprise.
=======

The trip home was anticlimactic. No last minute calls from Ana Isabel, no nefarious visits from men in black suits, and we were on our own at the airport. No mile-high club. My new favorite stewardess wasn't on our particular flight. Even the petting on the flight was curtailed, nothing more than hand-holding and leg caressing. 

We did chat a bit about our trip, and discussed business. There was still a possibility of travel for one more training session. I confessed that the next time I went overseas, I planned to take Debbie and/or Beth with me.

"I don't imagine Major de Borbón would approve of that."

"Perhaps not, but I'm thinking a clean break is best. Showing up in Madrid with my girls would be an effective way of ensuring that."

She laughed. "It would do a pretty good job of enhancing the legend of 'Señor Jack'. Everyone was already talking about how you'd finally melted the Ice Dragon, and of course there were a few rumors running around about you and me. Debbie would be the icing on the cake. Debbie and Beth both? You'd be immortalized."

"Please. As far as most of that crowd is concerned, I'm the guy that struck out every night, and set his sights just a little too high."

"I'm telling it how I see it. I can certainly see the allure, your Major is a fascinating and attractive woman. Wealth, power, bloodlines, and that body! What's not to like? I'm almost surprised I didn't lose you over there."

I didn't tell her just how close it might have been. 

I managed to nap a bit on the flight, but my internal schedule was all messed up. I woke up tired and grouchy; Chris was kind enough to let me be. A free beer took the edge off. A second one had me back to my laid-back self, contemplating the situation I'd left behind, and the girls I was headed home to.

It was getting dark as we drove back to the office where I'd parked. Chris drove, and I couldn't help but wonder if our antics would cause any troubles in her home life. I was hoping she'd get through it all OK.

"You're doing it again. Stop it."

"Doing what?" I asked.

"You're staring at me."

"Sorry. I'm going to miss what we have together."

She sighed. "Me too, Jack. Me too. But it's best this way."

"Hundred mile rule still apply?" I teased, reaching out and caressing her leg.

"Please don't, Jack. I don't want to show up home with my panties soaked through."

I withdrew my hand. "You're right. I'm sorry."

"And we'll see about your '100 mile rule'. We might need to fly out to L.A. before too long. Who knows what might happen? We'll take it one step at a time."

"I hope your husband figures out what a treasure he has in you," I told her.

"I'm going to work on it. I think sometimes I'm not such a treasure. Maybe I can do something about that."

She was terribly pensive through most of the drive, and we parted in the parking lot with a hug. It started casually enough, but after several long moments she was clinging to me tightly. "We'll both be OK, right Jack?"

"More than OK. I'm certain."

She stayed in my arms. "There's no doubt we'll come out of this smelling like a rose at work. A huge success. And Spain was nothing short of incredible. But it's back to the real world now."

"I know. I'm sorry things got so crazy."

She withdrew from my arms, and shook her hair free. "I think I needed a little 'crazy' in my life. See you Monday?"

"Bright and early at the stroke of ten. I think I'll sleep in for once. I'm guessing I'll have a busy weekend at home."

It was nice to see her smile. "I hope that makes two of us."

No kiss goodbye, she just walked back to her car, gave me a wave and climbed in. I hopped in my car and took off for home. There were a couple of girls I desperately wanted to see.

* * *

I arrived to a packed house. All the full-time residents were present, as were Karen and Jim. Even Ashley and Erin were awaiting my arrival and when they ran to me for hugs, I realized how much I'd missed the rug rats. I was definitely becoming domesticated. The only real surprise was Eric, who was there with Amie. Looked like that relationship was still on and from the way he was hovering and looking at her, I was guessing there'd been some advances on that front. 

Good for him.

I felt smothered under the affection. Beth was the first of the adults to get to me, leaping into my arms to give me a full-body hug and a kiss that could melt an iceberg. Karen gave me a toe-curler, and an ear nibble, and Jim followed with a high five. Of course little sister Robin wouldn't be outdone. As she approached me, I stopped her a few feet away, so I could check out her latest chest advertising. Three lines of "I will not be naughty", as if written on a chalkboard, brought a smile to my face. 

"Trying to clean up the act a bit," she said before taking me in her arms. After licking my molars she whispered, "Of course I'd be willing to make an exception, whenever you're up for it." A little pat of her hand below the waist emphasized her offer.

Amie's kiss was controlled, but the hug was intense. "Later," she whispered, before Eric gave me the requisite manly fist bump. 

Debbie came up to me last, but her hug was tentative at first. I squeezed her back, nuzzling my face into her neck, while her hug firmed up. She had her face buried in my chest and seemed overly emotional. I stroked her hair, soothing her until she finally relinquished her death grip, and excused herself to the kitchen.

We sat around and worked our way through a few bottles of wine, while I shared a little about my trip and the sights I'd seen. The girls were eager to update me on their progress on the day-care setup. It looked like they were really pulling things together. 

Our new living room furniture was overflowing with pretty women, and a few lucky men. I was fortunate enough to be tightly wedged in between the succulent Beth and delicious Debbie, my platinum tressed Goddess. Debbie was quieter than usual, content to let her partners handle all the day-care discussion. She clung to me as if she was afraid I'd leap up and depart for foreign parts at any moment.

The visit was nice, but it wasn't long before Jim and Karen decided to call it a night, although they left Ashley behind for the weekend so the kids could play together. Splitting up those girls was going to be tough. Karen took a few minutes out to put the little ones to bed, which was a bit of a job; they were all worked up like they'd been on a diet of candy and soda all evening. After that our group slowly dissolved. Amie and Eric were the next to go, Amie giving me another welcome home hug, before taking Eric with her upstairs. Interesting. I looked over at Beth for the scoop.

"Seems to be getting more serious. They've been staying together either here or at his place, most of the week," she answered my unspoken question.

"How's Ron taking it?" I asked.

Robin answered. "Seems to be OK. He likes Eric's family, and if she's happy, that's good enough for him. He hasn't been coming over here as much lately."

"And how's your work with him?"

"Craigslist is magical, even better than eBay or local ads. I've probably cleared out 10% of that warehouse already. When school starts in a couple of weeks, he says I can keep working with him part-time. He's really a great guy." She stood up and stretched. "It's great to have you back, but I think it's time for me to hit the sack as well. I'll leave you lovebirds alone for now." She came over and gave me a warm kiss, then headed up the stairs. Incredibly restrained, for her.

Debbie and Beth got up and started cleaning up a bit, while I begged off, heading for a much needed shower. It had been a long day already, and I was hoping for a second wind before we retired for the night.

The hot-shower did wonders for me, and I relaxed in bed, eager for my room-mates to finish their house-hold chores and join me. The wait wasn't long, with Debbie appearing and walking over to the bedside. She leaned down and gave me a peck on the cheek.

"I'll just be a few minutes freshening up," she told me softly. "Miss me?"

"I'm dying to show you how much," I told her. I reached for her but she slithered out of my grip and disappeared into our bathroom. 

My beautiful Beth was only a few seconds behind her, and I was distraught to watch her disappear into the bathroom as well. She was only in there a couple of minutes before appearing at my bedside dressed in her birthday suit. My favorite outfit for her. And she wore it so well.

Beth walked around the bed and settled in next to me, cuddling up beside me, warm against my skin. I reached an arm around her and pulled her in close. Her breast was pressing against my chest, and I ran a finger across it, slowly circling her nipple, as appreciative as ever over what I had.

"That trip was really hard on Deb," she said softly, her arms holding me tight. "All her old insecurities seemed to resurface. Last night when you didn't call she was frantic. She was sure we'd lost you."

"Not likely," I told her, enjoying the satiny feel of her youthful skin under my hand.

"She's gonna need some reassuring, Ok? Give her the attention tonight."

I kissed her forehead. "You are too sweet for words. I think there's plenty of attention to go around."

"I know, and we have the whole day tomorrow to make up for lost time. Let's make tonight a Debbie night." With that she made a decision, jumped up and started gathering candles from about the house, running around buck naked. I giggled to myself, wondering what Eric might think if he wandered down the stairs. She started lighting candles and placing them strategically about the room. Several were aromatic and I was worried that the different scents might be a bit overwhelming, but it wasn't bad. 

God, I loved watching her! That tight little body and amazing tits, so beautifully on display. They were mine to have, and I damned sure was going to avail myself of them, "Debbie Night" or not. 

Beth was back in our bed only a minute or so before Debbie appeared from the bathroom. The teen was still breathing hard from her exertions, but she had a smile on her face that would have put the Joker to shame. 

Debbie showed up in a robe, oddly quiet. I finally sensed that I'd lost a bit of her, her openness, her confidence. Simon says, 'take two steps back.' It broke my heart. 

I climbed out of the bed and went to her. "I'm mad at you."

Her eyes opened wide, and her mouth gaped like a fish out of water. It may be hard to believe, but it was a look that wasn't gorgeous on her. "Me?" she finally gasped.

Up close I could see how bloodshot her eyes were, dark bags under them I'd never seen before. I took her in my arms and held her, my head leaning over her shoulder. "You shouldn't have let me go alone. I've missed you so badly."

Surprisingly, she spoke up. "You left us, Jack. We didn't leave. You left us."

"Silly girl. I could never leave you. I went to work. Unfortunately this time it was 6 thousand miles away, and lonely as hell." I squeezed her tight, nuzzling her hair.

"I don't want to know about her, whoever it was," she said softly, plaintively.

I wasn't about to start denying anything, or even go down that road. I pulled back a bit, putting some space between us, so I could help her remove her robe. When I went to undo the knot it seemed for a moment like she was going to stop me.

I opened the robe, but instead of removing it, I reached my arms inside and wrapped them around her body.

"Debbie, do you remember our first night together?"

She tensed up in my arms, then quietly nodded.

"Can you feel how hard I am for you? What you do to me?" I pulled her close so that my hard-on pressed against her soft belly. "You promised to keep house for me. To cook for me. To take care of me."

My face was directly in front of her, inches away. She looked into my eyes and nodded.

"You promised to send me to work with a kiss, and to welcome me home with another."

Her eyes were glistening, but she nodded.

"Welcome me home, beautiful," I demanded.

She pulled my head down and pressed her lips against mine, kissing me tentatively at first, then stronger and deeper, her body pressing more firmly against mine. I broke it off.

"I have a new request. Never let me spend the night away from you. I hate it." I placed my hands on her face and kissed her softly. "I absolutely fucking hate it."

She stared at me like I'd grown a third eye. "But the others..."

"There are no others. Not that matter. All that matters to me is in this room right now." I glanced over at Beth who was waiting patiently. 

"Tell me. Tell me you'll do everything you can to make sure we never sleep apart."

She moved away from me for a second, and I was worried. But she just lowered her arms and let the robe fall from her shoulders. She took my hands in hers, and moving backward, drew me to our bed. She reclined in her usual spot, opening her arms and legs for me, pulling my hand, guiding me on top of her.

Our good-hearted 18 year old roomie simply had to get involved. She moved toward Debbie and reached out for my hardness, guiding me toward Debbie's warm entrance.

With the head lodged in her opening, I paused. "Tell me, Debbie."

"Never again," she whispered, and I saw tears in her eyes.

"Never again, what?" I asked softly.

"Never. Never again. Never will I let you go." Her soft voice got stronger, a hint of anger and determination rising in it. "Never again. You will always come home to me. Always." She glanced over at Beth, and reached out for her, pulling her close. "Always come home to us."

My back was trembling a bit, from holding myself off of her, the head of my eager cock nudging at her, but no more. I pressed a little harder. "I need you Debbie. I need you now."

"I'm yours, Jack," she said softly, "always."

I thrust into her slowly and firmly, a gentle act of merging, slowly filling her, until I could go no further. I leaned down and kissed her lips, closing my eyes and uniting us as completely as possible. 

I held her and slowly fucked her, luxuriating in that miraculous feeling around my cock. After only a minute or two, she was pressing back against me, meeting me. My eyes were locked on hers, gazing into those trusting, beautiful eyes.

Sweet Beth wasn't inactive. She was holding her roomie, one arm around her shoulders, caressing her, toying with Debbie's breasts. 

I stared at the phenomenal beauty below me. I'd been away from her for nearly a full week. I thought about the Spanish icon I'd left behind, and mentally kicked myself. What had I been thinking? She was amazing, yes, and exotic, and opened the doors to a world that would otherwise be forever closed to me. And yet I knew if she was in the room with me now, I wouldn't give her a second look.

Debbie was my soul-mate. Had I actually considered, even for the most fleeting of moments, a life without her? 

I knew it now. I loved being with Beth. Sweet, pretty, young Beth who had given me her most precious of gifts, and continued to, even now understanding the need for Debbie and I to be together. But I was in love with Debbie. Totally, completely and desperately.

Looking at Debbie watching me, I recalled that moment of hesitation, when she stood beside the bed. I had lost part of her, through my idiocy. 

Still, she was under me now, and if I wasn't a complete idiot, she could be forever. I had to learn to say no. I had to stop the stupidity. I'd fucked my boss, a random stewardess, and a lonely, broken, Spanish treasure, and for what? For what?

I felt the tears welling in my eyes, and fought to hold them back. My arms were trembling, but not from exhaustion. I turned my head to the side, and bit back the sob that threatened its release. 

Debbie, reached for my head, and turned me to face her. She brushed the tear away that had managed to break free and create a path of exposed regret down my face.

"No," she said softly.

I lowered myself onto her, holding her tight, heedless of my weight crushing her. I buried my face in her shoulder, unable to hold back, crying as I hadn't since before I had pubic hair.

Debbie seemed oblivious to the discomfort I must have been subjecting her to. She clung to me with her legs, refusing to allow me to slide out of her. Her hands caressed my back and head. "Shhhh," she whispered, "I'm here."

She was there. And she would be if I didn't chase her away. She wouldn't be lying with strangers, even though she could have any man who so much as looked at her. She was completely, and utterly devoted to me, and I was a fucking asshole, letting my dick lead me where ever it may.

"I'm sorry, Debbie," I managed to gasp, squeezing her. "I'm so sorry. I never wanted to hurt you. Never, ever." I raised up off of her, taking the weight of my torso onto my elbows. "Nothing could take me from you."

The tears were flowing freely, and I almost jumped when Beth reached out with a facecloth and washed them away. "It's Ok, Jack. She's here for you. We're here for you."

It was true, and I knew that I didn't deserve them. Either of them. I struggled free from Debbie's anguished arms, laying on my back next to her. I pulled the pillow over my face and screamed into it. 

I was insane. What else could explain my constant attempts to sabotage my situation? I was the luckiest man in the world. I dared any man to say otherwise, and yet, time after time, I did my best to destroy it.

I'd risked my boss's marriage, a stewardess's career, and destroyed my favorite Major's engagement, and most likely left her in a terrible situation. And why? Why?

"WHY?" I screamed into the pillow.

Just so I could get my rocks off in some strange pussy, while my soul-mate withered at home. I didn't deserve her.

Beth was struggling to get the pillow from me. "Stop it, Jack! Stop it! You're scaring me."

I let her take it away, and covered my face with my hands. "God. I don't deserve you. Either of you."

I felt Debbie's weight before I looked down and saw her straddling me. Any hint of firmness had left me, as I fought my personal demons, knowing that I was too weak to triumph in that particular battle.

My ethereal beauty leaned over, pulling my hands away from my face, and leaning forward on her arms, pinning them to the bed beside my head. "No! I won't let you. You don't get to discard me so easily," she said fiercely.

"I'm not discarding you. I wouldn't. But can't you see? You deserve so much more. You're so perfect, so much more than I or any man could ever hope for, and I'm such an asshole. Cathy's right."

She looked at me, and I saw a great sadness in her. "Don't you think I'm pretty any more, Jack? Don't you think I'm sexy? Have you lost your desire for me already?" Her voice was soft and accusing. "Are you done with me now? Ready to cast me aside like everyone else has?"

"No!" I cried out. "I'd never do that. Don't you understand? I'm shit. I'm a fucking heartless, unthinking asshole, who doesn't deserve you."

She released my hands and sat upright staring down at me. "Is it my body?" she asked softly, running her hands over her smooth stomach up to her breasts. "Am I too old? Has having a child made me hideous? Have I let myself go?"

"Hideous? You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen."

"I don't excite you anymore," she said dejectedly, her head bowed.

"Debbie! How can you say that? You could make a dead man stand up and dance," I argued.

"That's why you pulled out of me, and lost your erection. Because I'm so desirable."

"Why would you even want me?" I asked plaintively.

"Because I love you. And I thought you loved me. I hoped you did." I could now see the moisture in her eyes, and I felt my heart shattering.
