 ===

Another house shakeup, with Robin's extended goodbye, and a discussion about plans for the future, including some major ones.

===

Work was all about getting everyone caught up on the most recent changes and putting together some documentation for creating a program to customize our work for other countries' needs.

I insisted on a sit-down with Chris, to pull our notes together on the new work and to finish our trip report. She was reluctant at first, but finally agreed. We used the smallest conference room since it was just the two of us.

We started out all business and got through the new work stuff, but discussing our trip report was a little shakier. "How should we describe the meetings with your favorite Colonel?" I teased.

She blushed. "Don't get started, Jack."

"The official ones, Chris. Jeez, get your mind out of the gutter."

If anything her blush was growing more intense. "Productive. They were ecstatic with the results. We got more money for training out of them, and several likely updates. This project is going to be around for a while."

I slid closer to her, and saw her hands nervously fidgeting with her pen. "How's everything on the home front?"

"A little better I think. We had a few good talks, and some nice quiet moments too."

"Quiet? You? I find that hard to believe."

"Yes quiet. As well as very nice, thank you." She gave me a quizzical look. "How much of your adventure did you share?"

"Pretty much everything with Debbie. I wasn't planning on it, but she could see right through me. The girl has some kind of sixth sense. Things were rocky for a bit, totally my fault, but I think it's stabilized now. The whole trip opened my eyes a bit," I confessed.

"Me too."

"Everything alright between us?" I asked.

"Better than alright, I think," she said with a smile. "If we can put the craziness behind us, I think we can be good for each other."

"As friends?" 

"As friends, as co-workers, as team-mates," she said.

"Good. You know I like you a lot, even fully clothed," I said, lowering my tone.

"Same here. But we still have to keep things professional."

"I know. But I'd like to think we were friends before all this started, and it would be natural for us to remain friends. Publicly." I smiled at her. "Hell, if I stopped flirting with you it would probably raise some eyebrows. Why should you be the only gorgeous female not subjected to my advances?"

She laughed. It was nice to see she was relaxing. She'd seemed tense when we started. "Good point. Let's not get too carried away though. You can even hint at progress, if you'd like, it might explain my occasional lapses, but progress only, no homeruns." 

"Understood. As long as we're going to play it that way, want to open another button for me? Put second base in play?"

"Jesus, Jack! You are completely incorrigible!" She sounded peeved, but her hands opened the top button, revealing a little more cleavage. "Satisfied?"

"Hardly. You know what it takes to satisfy me. Better than most. Let's say I'm happier."

She organized her papers. "Tell you what. Send me the preliminary trip report from your end, and I'll merge the two. We need to breakup this meeting, before I forget all my promises to myself."

I got up and stood over her, peering down her shirt. "Fun, that's all. I won't push it. I promise."

"Please, Jack. I need you to be strong for us," she said turning in her chair, looking at my crotch.

I reached down and cupped her chin in my hand. I tilted her head back. "Eyes up here, wild thing. I'm only human you know."

"Hmmm. I know otherwise." She licked her lips salaciously, and I had to step back before we got carried away. 

I could see her instant embarrassment. She was blushing again. "God. What you do to me, Jack! Get out of here, just smelling you nearby made me wet. It'll be a while before I'm over you."

* * *

I was late getting home, with so much to do, and getting to work as late as I did. I'd even made a short stop on the way to do a little shopping. I had some ideas for the bedroom that needed supplies. Not that things were getting stale, or boring, just the opposite was true. But I wanted to move the relationship along in some new areas, which I was relatively certain would be more than welcome. I was starving by the time I got in the door. 

Robin found me shortly after I arrived, slipping comfortably into my arms. The kiss was nice, not too desperate, but very friendly.

"Mmm. Welcome home, handsome," she said softly.

"Where's everybody?" I asked, looking around the empty main floor.

"New schedule. Most of the kids don't get picked up until around six, some staying as late as seven. Debbie will be in soon to start dinner, no more than 30 minutes, leaving Beth and Amie to close up."

Of course their workday would be long, dealing with early drop-offs and late pickups. I'd have to speak to the girls and get more details about the new trade-offs and long hours.

"Let's get you changed," she said, pulling me along by the hand, heading to the bedroom. 

She turned around just inside the door, posing for me. "Like the shirt? I wore it just for you."

It was tight, accentuating her sizable breasts. There was a large number on the front, in block characters like a sports shirt. "68". Underneath it in small letters was written "You'll owe me one."

I grinned. No subtleness with Robin. "I like it." I opened the drawer at the side of the bed, and put my latest purchases inside, before turning back to the naughtier sister.

"Good." She started unbuttoning my dress shirt. I thought about my recent decision to stop being with women other than Debbie and Beth, but recalled Cathy's suggestions and the performance of the night before. It seemed reasonable to continue playing with the women in the house, as long as Debbie, and Beth somewhat, were still the center of most of my attention. Beth had all but said her fellow co-ed was fair game.

Robin removed my shirt, then hers, exposing her bare breasts, nipples already hard. She moved closer, tugging my belt loose, and opened the top of my pants. With my trousers around my ankles she pushed me back on the bed, and took my shoes and socks off, before removing my last item of clothing.

Once naked, she encouraged me to lay back, her mouth settling in between my legs. It didn't take her long to get me hard and she seemed content to get me off with her willing mouth. After my strenuous last couple of days, I was happy to let her. I pulled a couple of pillows in place under my head, and watched her pleasure me. Life was good. Then again, so was Robin. 

It only took a few minutes of her best effort to having me groan out my release. She finished me off, sucking me dry, before reclining beside me. "There. Doesn't that feel better? All the work stress gone. You can relax and enjoy your evening."

"That was perfect. Exactly what I needed. Thanks." I drew her closer, kissing her lips softly, those generous lips that had worked so diligently for my pleasure.

"Are you going to miss me, Jack?" she asked softly.

I eased her onto her back, looking her in the eye. "I know I joke around a lot, rarely taking anything serious. I want to make sure you understand that I'm being very serious now." I had my hand on her face, my thumb caressing her cheek. "When you first moved in here with us, I was worried about the dynamics and having you around. Not now. I love having you here. There's so much wonderful about you. I'm going to miss you terribly. I hope that you remember where you're wanted, and spend a lot of time with us."

She looked sad. "Maybe you might miss me, but I doubt any of the others will."

"You're wrong. It's true that things were awkward at the beginning, and the stuff between you and your sister made it worse. But once we got past that, you became part of us. You are different in so many ways, all of which contribute wonderfully to what we have under this roof. I think we can all agree that the central dynamic of this house is what Debbie, Beth and I have going. But what you bring to the table would be the next most valuable."

She laughed self-consciously. "You don't have to butter me up, Jack. I know what I am. I know how I fit in. And you of all people should know that as long as I'm under this roof, I'm a sure thing. No sucking up required."

I sat up, and quietly removed her tennis shoes and socks. "Jack, I..."

I hushed her, massaging her feet gently for a few moments. I helped her out of her shorts and panties, then leaned in licked her gently. "Please, Jack, I should clean up..."

Again I shushed her with a smile. I went down on her for a few minutes, nothing crazy, just being intimate. I was hard when I sat up, opened her legs, and pressed my cock head against her pink petals. I eased inside of her, taking a few leisurely strokes to get fully buried. I straightened out over her, my face over hers, and kissed her softly. "It's sad." I told her while stroking her easily. "It's only now, as you're leaving, that we've ironed out all our differences and found how to integrate you in with everybody else. There's so much more for us, you can't be a stranger."

She was looking at me solemnly, the most serious I'd ever seen her. "Please Jack, don't."

I slowed my motion, brushing her hair back. "Don't what?"

"Don't make this more difficult than it is. When all I am is a fuck-toy, it's hard enough. If you make me out to be something more, I'm not sure I can handle it."

I leaned in and kissed her passionately, expressing my desire for her. She returned it in spades. "I'm not going to lie to you, or hide the way things are. I'm hoping for the best for you and Ron, you deserve it, and I think he's a great guy. But don't think for a minute I won't be a little jealous. You are special. It's not easy to get through your defenses, but now that we have, I'm not going to take you for granted." I kissed her softly, our tongues moving together easily. 

She whimpered softly, when I extended the length of my stroke into her, working a little firmer. "You are a sweet fuck, Robin," I whispered, "and when it comes to playing in groups there's no one better."

She grinned, "Does that mean we should invite some friends in?"

I smiled back at her. "Not now. This one is just for me. To enjoy you the way I should more often." Her legs were wrapped around me, while she angled her hips to accept me better. "Promise me that after you leave, you'll still visit often."

She gazed into my eyes, searching. "As often as you'll let me."

I was stroking faster, finding it harder to talk. "What is it about you that gets me so worked up? I come for you faster than for anybody else."

She smiled. "I'm not like the others. I'm only here for your gratification. All I want is for you to come for me. That's what makes me happy. I have no other expectations than being yours to use whenever you want, however you want. Can you come for me now, Jack? Fill your cum-bucket?"

She was right. Her only desire had always been to have me use her, somehow. "My sweet little cum slut. God you know how to make a guy feel good," I gasped. I rose up on my knees, opening them wide and fucking her for all I was worth. I didn't worry about what felt good for her, or how close she was to coming. I had no concern over what positions she liked. I was going to fuck her how I wanted. 

As my need to come peeked, I pulled out of her, moving up her body. "Face," I gasped, stroking hard. She lifted her chin, and opened her mouth, providing an eager and willing target. I painted her prettily, claiming her.

She smiled, rubbing my cream on her face, licking her finger clean. "You don't mind if I wear it proudly for a while?" she asked.

"Please. Let me know if you need it refreshed."

* * *

I finished changing, and headed out to see what was up. Debbie was in the kitchen, and welcomed me with a hug and a kiss. "Why don't you see if you can help the girls close up out back? Dinner will be ready in 10 minutes."

Beth was packing the last of the kids into a van, while Amie was doing some cleaning up. Ashley and Erin were diligently helping, but they seemed happy for the additional hands and it only took a few minutes for us to get the place back in order.

I sat down and took the two six year olds in my lap, asking them how they liked the new place. They were eager to tell me both the good and the bad, taking me on a tour of their favorite stuff. I lifted one up in each arm, feeling their tiny arms slide around my neck, hanging on to me. I accepted their kisses with a smile, escorting them back to the main house. I dropped them off at the door. "Go clean up, Debbie's almost got dinner ready."

It was only once I'd dropped off the tykes, and helped lock up that I got my first hugs and kisses of the day from the two older girls. Quite nice, really.

We had a nice casual evening, with the girls filling in more information about the day-to-day operations of their new business. They were up to 8 kids already, not counting ours, and were looking to add several more. 

Robin had cleaned up her face for dinner, and took the opportunity to tell us a little more about her work with emptying the warehouse, mostly consisting of setting prices, advertising, and making herself available to show stuff whenever she received a call. She was completing a couple of deals a day and making excellent progress.

I shared my project plans at work, getting them all caught up on the business side of the escapade that had caused so much trouble recently. 

Over a bottle of wine we unwound, enjoying each other's company amicably. I massaged Debbie's feet, while relaxing on the couch, followed by Beth's feet and calves. It was the first real relaxing evening I'd had in quite a while and was surprised at just how much I enjoyed it.

We decided to call it an early evening, but not before Amie got after me about running.

"I gave you a break this morning, but I expect you to be out running with me tomorrow morning. I'm not going to take no for an answer," she warned me. 

"I'm looking forward to it," I told her, which was at least partially true. I needed the exercise, and was looking forward to my reward if I ever caught her.

Beth got up and pulled on my hand, dragging me to the bedroom. I reached out for Debbie, but she drew back. "Monday. Beth's night," she reminded me.

Beth stopped. "But he just got back! We can still share tonight," she said softly.

"I think I'll hang out with Amie and Robin for a bit," Debbie answered. "You two get started without me."

She was right. I needed some alone time with Beth, if we were going to maintain any balance in our odd relationship. "Sure. See you in a while," I told her, putting my arm around Beth and steering her into our room.

"Feel like a shower?" I asked my hot little teen bed-warmer. 

She answered by turning on the water and disrobing. I joined her in the shower and we took our time taking care of each other. By the time we reached the bed, I was ready for more.

"How are you feeling, Angel?" I asked, running my hand softly over her body.

"Still a little sore, but not too bad," she admitted.

"I think I'd like to do something a little different tonight, if you don't mind too much."

She looked at me askance. "Different? What are you going to do that we haven't already done? Bondage? Spanking?"

I laughed. "Spoiling," I told her. "Roll over on your belly."

She turned over slowly. "You're making me nervous, Jack."

I opened the drawer and pulled out the bottle, pouring a little of the sweet almond oil into my hands and warming it up. I placed my hands on her shoulders and starting massaging them. "Between swimming, and working with the kids, you must be exhausted. I thought a little massage might be nice. I can stop if you want."

She moaned. "Don't stop! That's wonderful."

I massaged her thoroughly from head to toe and back again. On the second pass, I worked deeper, kneading her muscles, searching out any tension spots. The oil was perfect, slippery and sexy, wonderful smelling, and getting absorbed into her skin so easily. I tried to make sure I covered everything, not spending too much time on her spectacular ass, no matter how tempting it was.

"Stay there a second, I'll be right back," I told her, getting up and returning with a large bath towel to put underneath her. I laid it out next to her, and had her roll onto it. 

"I've died and gone to heaven," she sighed, as I started on her front.

"What did I tell you about dying? Not allowed. Never. Too much of a waste." I straddled her and gave her breasts an extended rub down, before moving on. When I reached her feet, I settled in for a while, sitting and holding them in my lap. I concentrated on her high arches and her cute little toes.

"Mmmm. What did I do to deserve this?" she asked with a smile in her voice.

"Can't I spoil the girl I love every now and then?"

She purred. "You do love me, don't you?"

"More than I know how to explain."

She giggled. "Trust me, your hands are doing all the explaining." She sighed. "Sharing you with her isn't easy you know."

"I know, sweetness. And I'm not all that good at communicating things like this." I started working my way back up her body. "I know I don't say it enough, but I absolutely adore you."

"I'm not as pretty or sexy as her," she said softly, while I rubbed her breasts again.

"Debbie is what she is. Stunning. Gorgeous. But you are every bit as sexy as her. Inside, I've never met anyone as beautiful as you. Not as loving or caring or fun. I can't believe how lucky I am to have you in my life."

She giggled. "Ok, now I know you're buttering me up for something. You're not going to tie me up and abuse me, are you?"

"Not tonight. No abuse tonight." I kissed her lips lightly then moved down her body, opening her legs so I could continue a more intimate massage. I added more lotion to my hands, and got her inner thighs and between her legs lathered up. I massaged her pussy, sliding my fingers along the outside of her puffy lips, pressing them together, squeezing and sliding. I could feel the little nub of her clit buried inside her lips, and pressed them together, sliding up and down, feeling it move underneath the skin. She was moaning prettily, and I could see her sweet opening parting involuntarily. 

She moaned. "God, that feels incredible."

I added more oil, and rubbed her all over, from her pubis down to her cute little butt-hole. I moved between her legs, bringing my mouth and tongue into play. The oil had a nice flavor to it, a slight taste of almond. I gently slid a couple of fingers into her, rubbing inside of her, nothing too harsh. I moved my mouth over the top of her pussy, sucking on her, using the flat of my tongue to apply a little pressure, while I caressed her insides. She was squirming slightly, making the most delightful noises. 

I felt her hand in my hair, petting me, running her fingers through my curls. I turned my fingers upward and gently stroked her g-spot, applying a little pressure, curling my fingers back while pushing upward. I got an immediate response out of her, which only encouraged me. I continued with the sucking, while I stroked her insides more firmly. She gasped, clasping her fingers in my hair. I felt the inside of her young pussy tighten down on me, and a small amount of sweet liquid flowed into my mouth. She moaned loudly, her whole body writhing on the bed. 

I sat up, running my hands over her body, soothing her, while her whole body orgasm continued unabated. "Shhh," I whispered, pulling her hips back in line when she moved too abruptly. She slowly calmed down, trembling every time I touched her, gasping and whimpering so beautifully.

I laid down next to her, holding her, kissing her pretty face. "That was beautiful," I told her, my hands gently caressing her side.
