 I was bored at home. There wasn't anything worth watching on the tube. I was bored with site hopping and the same old chat rooms that I usually frequent. I wanted a change of pace, so to speak, from the regular chat sites. 

So I decided to do a search on adult chat sites. My eyes almost popped out of my head on the total number of adult sites that was listed. As I browsed through the list, I started to get frustrated. It seemed as if they were all the same, just with different names.

I was just about to give up the search when an advertisement in big bold letters had caught my eye. 

"ALLURE - AN ADULTS ONLY CHAT SITE!! WHERE YOUR DEEPEST SEXUAL DESIRES ARE FULFILLED!"

I thought it was a good attention grabber. But that wasn't what really got my attention. Just below that heading was what perked my interest, it said: 

"WE CUSTOMIZE EACH EXPERIENCE TO MEET YOUR SEXUAL NEEDS!! CLICK HERE TO ENTER -------> [] " 

I had to laugh to myself, how the fuck are they going to customize MY experience? Its on the fucking screen! But being the curious bitch that I am, I just had to find out exactly how they was going to "customize" the experience. 

I clicked on the box at the end of the arrow. It immediately took me to another screen. It looked as if I was standing in a smoke filled room. 

As the smoke cleared, I could see the outline of someone waiting patiently for the smoke to completely clear.

As if someone had turned a light switch on, the cloud of smoke had disappeared and left in its place a drop-dead-gorgeous, could-pass-as-a-model-looking man with bulging muscles everywhere. I swear if I wasn't drooling! 

He snapped me back to reality with his next words .. .. ..

"HELLO JONIQUE. WELCOME TO ALLURE WHERE YOUR DEEPEST SEXUAL DESIRE IS ABOUT TO BE FULFILLED."

What the fuck?? I thought. How the fuck did he know my name??? This was getting a bit too strange for me!!

"PLEASE GO TO THE NEXT SCREEN JONIQUE TO ANSWER A FEW QUESTIONS. ILL BE WAITING FOR YOUR RETURN." 

A few questions huh?? I thought. Ok, this is more like it!! I figured they would ask the usual questions, you know . . . Name, age, sex, location and description. But to my surprise, that wasn't the case. 

Again I clicked on the box at the end of the arrow, which went immediately to the next screen that looked like clouds of smoke moving about. 

There in the middle of the screen was 2 hot pink words. The word "YES" was squared within green, whereas the word "NO" was within red. I sat there staring at the screen. Looking for some clue as to what the question is that would prompt a "YES" or "NO" answer. There was none.

This place was getting stranger by the minute! "What should I do?" I thought. Hmmm . . . Again my damn curiosity got the better of me and couldn't leave well enough alone! 

So I went ahead and clicked on the word "YES" held my breath, and hoped for the best. After clicking on "YES" I stared at the screen. I couldn't believe my eyes! The clouds of smoke that was moving about had remained! So I clicked on "YES" again.

This time the smoke took its sweet time disappearing. When it finally did, I was left breathless! My eyes fell upon a waterfall, falling into a pool of water held in by over sized boulders. There was a group of 7 people in the water. 4 men, and 3 women.

A couple was in the water fucking like there was no tomorrow. And from the sounds of their moans, it seemed as if they didn't care if it did or not. 

I was startled when the man that was by himself, came up to me and hugged me from behind. He started kissing on my neck. I tried to turn around to scream at him, but couldn't. He had a firm hold of me and the way he was kissing my neck, had a calm, mesmerizing effect on me.

He started to undress me. The first thing to go was my top, then my skirt. He left me standing in my 

underwear for a moment, to call the others over and then returned to where I was. 

It was only then that I saw he was the man that I was drooling over earlier. I looked at him with a puzzled look, but didn't ask the question. He silenced me by putting a finger to my lips. He then took me in his arms and kissed me in 1 swift movement. 

His tongue parted my lips and found its way into my mouth, teasing my tongue. His hand found its way to my breast, his thumb lightly rubbing my nipple through my bra. I sensed someone behind me and felt my lace panty being slid down my legs. Then the pressure of a finger finding its way into my moist pussy was about all I could take. 

Suddenly my knees became weak and almost buckled under me. I guess my legs parted enough for the next thing I knew, I felt someone's fingers parting my lower lips and was filled with the persons tongue darting in and out of my pussy, fucking me. I started to moan softly.

If the attention my pussy was getting wasn't enough, I felt another pair of hands parting my ass cheeks, and someone's tongue teasing my asshole. "OOOHH!! FUUUCCK!!" I managed to moan out loud. I was ready to cum all over the persons face licking my pussy. 

My outburst stirred some excitement from the 3 that was lavishing my body with much needed attention. I was gently pushed forward at the same time the person behind me was pushing his big rock hard cock into my, now dripping, pussy. "OHH! MY!! GOD!!!" I moaned out loud. 

My head was being pushed down towards a hard cock. Which I hungrily took into my mouth and started sucking him hard. Someone slipped under me and was lapping at my clit in time to the stroking my pussy was getting. 

I tried to push away the cock in my mouth, only to have my head held in place and my arms held behind my back. My bra was removed, finally freeing my breasts from their restraints. 1 of my breasts was getting a massage, the other was being sucked on hard. 

I felt light headed, as if my mind had difficulty processing the different sensations my body was experiencing. "OOHH!!" I heard just a second before my mouth was filled with cum. 

With that there was a chorus of moans around me. The next to cum was the guy fucking my pussy. His strokes got harder, ramming his cock into me as he came. My clit was getting an extreme work out by the person sucking and licking me, whom I later found out was a female. Her pussy was getting fucked just as hard as mine was.

The person that was working magic on my breasts suddenly stopped what he was doing. It seemed as if he had suddenly froze and I didn't have to wait very long to find out why. He was shooting a load of cum into the female that was riding him hard. 

When everyone had their turn cumming, we just collapsed in an exhausted heap on the ground. still breathing hard, I told everyone,  "THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED SOMETHING LIKE THIS!" They just laughed at my remark and said in unison: 

"ALLURE IS WHERE YOUR DEEPEST SEXUAL DESIRES BECOME REALITY!"

All I could do was laugh right along with them. Then the man that came in my mouth stood up with his hand held out to me. I took his hand and stood up. He led me along a hidden trail that led straight to the waterfall. I didn't see his lips move, but heard him say, "I'm still hungry for your magnificent body, Jonique." 

At first I had thought there wasn't anything behind the waterfall. But there was a cave high enough for someone to walk into comfortably. My companion draped his arm over my shoulder and led me into the cave. He then informed me that he had forgotten something, that I should continue walking straight ahead and he'll be right back. While he went to retrieve the forgotten item, I continued walking. 

I must've been sleep walking because when I "woke up" I was walking through my front door. I quickly went to my computer. Just as I thought, it was still on the screen where I had found ALLURE at.

Only ALLURE wasn't on the screen anymore.