 Cum Loving Wife

MMF Note: There is one scene where a man sucks another man's cock. If you don't like men sucking other men then don't read this one.

***

Ted and his client sat at the table of the restaurant having lunch, Ted's boss had told him that morning when he had arrived at work that he had to take this very important client to lunch. Ted didn't mind it got him out of the office for a while.

The sexy young waitress walked over to the table, "Can I get you anything else?"

"Nothing for me thanks," Chuck said giving her the once over. What he wouldn't do to get some of that, he thought to himself. He had been a widower for over a year and hadn't been with another woman since his wife had passed away last year. He would sit at home alone and watch porn and jack off to relieve the stress.

"Oh, I'm fine too," Ted said watching her walk away.

"Ted would you happen to know where I could hook up with a lady?" Chuck asked finally getting up the nerve. He just needed the company of a woman, someone who would want to give him what he so desperately needed. It had been over a year since he had had a blow job or pussy.

He finally felt it was time for him to start getting out and enjoying himself. He still loved his late wife and always would but he had needs and he was getting tired of taking care of himself.

"You looking for some action there Chuck?"

"Well, you know my wife passed away a little over a year ago," Chuck said glancing around the restaurant, "I just need some good sex with no strings." 

"Oh, excuse me for a second," Ted said when his phone vibrated telling him he had a call. "Hello?"

"Hey baby, I'm missing you REALLY BAD," Ted's wife, Patti said wishing he could come home for lunch.

"How bad are you missing me?"

"I'm just so horny," she replied, lying on their bed, rubbing her pussy.

"Oh you are?" he asked her, he could tell she was in a mood today.

Patti quickly took a picture of her wet pussy, added a message and hit send. She continued to rub her wet slit, waiting for him to answer her. "Baby I wish you were home I need to get fucked hard."

Chuck tried not to listen to the conversation between Ted and his wife. He glanced across the room and watched that sexy waitress.

"Fuck," Ted whispered looking at the picture of his wife, naked on the bed.

Chuck felt his cock jerk, thinking of that red headed waitress, he could imagine her down between his legs sucking his cock.

Ted had an idea, quickly writing a note he slid it across the table to Chuck.

Chuck read the note, "I think I know someone for you to meet," Chuck looked at Ted "Really?" he wrote back and slid the note back to Ted.

"In fact I can almost guarantee it."

Right now Chuck would love some female company, he was so tired of watching porn and jacking off.

Glancing at his watch Ted realized they needed to be getting back to the office. "Hon, I've really got to get back to the office."

"Oh okay," she said disappointed, she wanted to be bad and tease him a little. "I'll be home by 6:00," Ted said, hoping his idea would work out for everybody.

"Chuck would you like to have dinner at my house?"

"Well, I don't want to be a bother," Chuck said wondering about this lady.

"No bother," Ted assured him, "Honey, do you mind if I invite Chuck for dinner?"

"Sure, that's fine." 

"Maybe you can invite Brenda over to meet him?" Ted said thinking Chuck and Brenda would be a good match.

"Alright I'll give her a call."

"Great babe, see you when we get home, bye."

"Bye honey," Patti hung up, then quickly dialed Brenda's number. It seemed like it took forever for her to answer. "Hey, you're coming to my house for dinner tonight."

"I am?" Brenda asked with a laugh, wondering what her friend was up too.

"Yes, Ted is bringing a client home and I want you to meet him."

"I already know Ted silly." Brenda joked.

"No, no the client." 

"Is he single?"

"I don't know," Patti said honestly, it wouldn't hurt for the four of them to have dinner together.

"What does he look like?" Brenda asked, wondering what he looked like.

"I don't know."

"Is he at least breathing?"

"Oh yes, he's breathing." Patti commented, realizing she didn't know anything about this man. "Anyway I'm going to have dinner ready by 7:00, so get here by say 6:30."

"Alright, I'll be there," Brenda said thinking of what she could wear, "so should I dress sexy?"

"When don't you dress sexy," Patti said wondering what she would wear, "At least wear panties okay?"

"Okay, okay I'll wear panties." Brenda said with a groan, "but that doesn't mean they won't come off."

"I'm sure you will find a reason for them to come off," Patti told her best friend with a laugh. She knew Brenda never passed up a good time, especially if it meant having sex.

"Alright, I'll be there around 6:30, see you later, bye-bye."

"Bye, see you later." Patti said hanging up.

"So you might know a nice lady?" Chuck asked Ted when they pulled into the parking lot at the office.

"I know the perfect lady," Ted said thinking Brenda would be perfect for Chuck.

"Really?" Chuck asked, thinking he would love a nice slow blow job. He wouldn't mind a nice fuck session. He felt his cock stir just at the thought of putting his cock into a nice tight pussy.

Several hours later.

"Well I'm going to call it a day," Chuck said putting the report back on Ted's desk. They had been working on it for hours and he was exhausted.

"Yeah me too, all of these numbers are running together." Ted agreed, looking at his watch, it was already after 5:00pm.

Chuck got up from his chair and stretched, trying to get the kinks out of his back.

"Great give me a few minutes to clear off my desk and we can go."

"I was thinking of going back to the hotel and showering and changing clothes, I can meet you at your house."

"Okay that's fine," Ted said writing his address down and handing it to Chuck. "I'll see you about 7:00 then."

"Great, see you then." 

6:00PM

Patti glanced around the dining room and everything was ready. Dinner was staying warm in the oven and she was dressed in one of her best outfits. 

All she knew was Ted had invited a client home for dinner and Ted had told her to please make sure everything was perfect. 

"Baby, I'm home," Ted called out walking into the kitchen from the garage.

"I'm in here." 

"Oh here you are." he told her walking into the dining room and taking her in his arms and kissing her gently. "dinner smells great," he said looking at her in that little red dress he had bought her last month.

"Isn't your client with you honey?"

"No, he wanted to go back to his hotel and take a shower and change clothes."

"Oh, well I hope everything looks alright." she said wanting to make a good impression on his client.

"I'm going to go up and take a quick shower he should be here around 7:00."

"Love you kiddo." he replied kissing the top of her head. "Is Brenda going to be here?"

"Yes, she'll be here around 6:30."

"You look great in that dress by the way," Ted told her winking at her and kissing her.

"Thank you honey," she said with a smile, "go and take your shower." she said grabbing his ass. "Oh I love you too."

"Mmmm, I like that." he says, "wish we had time for a quickie." he said glancing at his watch. "I'll be back down soon," he said walking toward the stairs.

"Okay baby,"

Patti went into the kitchen to check things in the oven when her phone rang.

"Hello." she said pulling the meatloaf from the oven.

"You're going to kill me." Brenda said on the other end of the phone.

"What's wrong?" Patti asked getting a bad feeling, "Oh, please don't tell me you can't make it."

"Okay, I won't tell you," Brenda said feeling bad she was letting her friends down. "but I can't make it."

"Crap," Patti said wondering what had happened.

"I got called into work, I can't get out of it."

"I understand," Patti said, "if you have to work you have to work."

"Do you think Ted will be mad?"

"I don't think so, he'll understand." Patti said hoping he would anyway. She would just tell him Brenda had to work.

"I am so sorry, I feel really bad."

"Don't worry about it," Patti told her, "call me tomorrow."

"Alright I will, bye."

"Bye," Patti said hanging up, "fuck," she said heading for the stairs.

Turning the shower off Ted stepped out and grabbed a large towel and started drying off, looking up he saw Patti leaning up against the door. "Something wrong honey?"

Patti bit her bottom lip not wanting to tell him Brenda couldn't make it. "Brenda just called, she can't make it."

"Damn."

"Honey, it can't be helped." Patti said trying to explain, "she got called into work."

"Well it'll be alright," he said reaching for the shaving cream and lathering his face.

"Are you mad at me honey?"

"No, baby I'm not mad at you. We'll just have to make the best of it." he said lathering his face.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure." he said trying to reassure her, it wasn't her fault. 

Glancing in the mirror he watched her walk over to him, she reached for another towel and dried his back off while he shaved. Giving him licks and kisses all over his back. 

"Baby." he said when she ran the tips of her fingers down his back teasing him. "honey, you have to behave tonight."

"Really?" she asked hoping he didn't mean it, "do I really have to behave?" she asked reaching around and pulling the towel from around his waist.

"Yes, yes you do," he said feeling her grab his ass cheeks and giving them a squeeze. "fuck," he whispered. He tried to quickly finish shaving without cutting himself, she wasn't making it easy.

Patti moved around in front of him and without a word she stood on tip toe and licked his left nipple, flicking her tongue all over it. She reached for his cock, she stroked him.

"Honey." he said helplessly, he quickly finished shaving. He wiped the lather from his face, he looked at her. He had to admit she sure did know how to tease him, he felt his cock throb, especially when she sucked his nipple.

"Don't you want me?" she asked him with a sexy pout.

"Of course I do darling but, but not right now." he saw the look of hurt in her eyes. He hadn't meant to hurt her feelings, he looked down at her.

"Are you sure?"

"We're expecting company any minute." 

She wasn't making it easy for him to say no. He did like the way she was making him feel. "It's no use me telling you no is it?" he asked giving into her.

"Nope," Patti continued to stroke his cock. She looked him right in his eyes and went to her knees in front of him. She loved the fact that she could always get him hard for her.

Ted looked down at her with a sigh, he watched her lick the head of his cock. "Ummm," he said when she took the head of his cock into her mouth. He could see down the front of her dress, he could see a red lacy bra.

Patti sucked his cock, feeling it getting hard in her mouth, she glanced up at him.

He put his hands in her hair, "Fuck," he moaned, felt her flick the tip of her tongue across the head of his cock.

Patti took her time, she wanted to make him cum, feel his cum in her mouth, taste it.

Ted reached for his watch and checked the time, it was already 6:30 they didn't have much time. "Babe, I love what you are doing to me but we have to make this a quickie." he told her pushing his cock deeper into her mouth. 

He felt her gently grasp his balls with her other hand. She gave his balls a gentle squeeze and he groaned. "yeah baby."

Patti knew just the thing that would bring her husband off quick, she wanted it to last but she also knew that they had to hurry. Letting his cock slip out of her mouth, she moved lower. She slowly licked his balls, taking her time. She could hear his breathing getting heavier, felt him tug on her hair while she licked him. 

"Oh, that's it hon, lick my balls."

She did as she was told, licking his balls, finally after a few minute's she took one into her mouth. "Hmmm," she moaned loving the taste of his balls, swirling her tongue all over them.

Putting her finger in her mouth she made sure it was wet, she knew one way that would make him cum fast. Still licking his balls, nibbling on them one after the other, she slipped her hand under his balls and teased his ass hole.

"Oohh, yeah," he moaned when he realized she was rubbing her fingers across his ass hole.

Letting his balls slip from her mouth she looked up at him, "You like when I play with your ass?"

"You know I do," he gasped when he felt her gently slip her finger in his tight hole, "easy honey."

Being gentle she fucked his ass with her fingers, the more she teased him the tighter he held her head. She could hear his moans of pleasure she knew she was doing a good job.

"Suck my dick," he told her pulling her mouth towards his throbbing cock, pushing his cock back into her mouth. 

"Do it baby girl, make me cum." he said glancing at his watch again. Holding her head in both of his hands he fucked her mouth.

The more he fucked her mouth the deeper she fucked his ass with her fingers. "Ahhh fuck, yeah." he groaned loudly feeling the point of no return. If she kept sucking his dick like this he was going to explode. "Just like that."

Patti gently pulled her fingers away from his ass, holding onto his waist she let him pound his cock into her mouth. 

In and out Ted fucked her hot, wet mouth, "Yes, ohhh, yeah honey suck my dick." he begged her looking down watching her take his cock. 

Patti was finding it a bit hard to breathe, but she wasn't going to stop, she wanted to taste his cum. Feel it in her mouth and wanted to swallow every drop. 

"Gonna cumm," he moaned, his cock felt like it was going to explode, he didn't usually like quickies but this was feeling so good to him. "uugghh, take it." he grunted holding her down on his cock. His cock exploded his cum in her mouth, "take my cum, swallow it." he told her feeling spurt after spurt of cum filling her mouth. Ted held her down on his cock, making her swallow.

Patti swallowed every drop of his cum. She never got tired of swallowing his seed. "Ahhh," she moaned finally letting his cock slip from her mouth, gasping for air she looked up at him.

"Fuck," he whispered looking down at her, he could see her breathing heavily.

Taking her by her hand he helped her to her feet, "We need to hurry honey,"

"Alright," she said, pulling her dress down, and licking her lips. 

Down stairs.

"I hope Chuck likes meatloaf honey?" 

"Oh I'm sure he will love it," Ted told her, "hon, I was thinking maybe we could have some fun tonight, you know a threesome?"

"Yeah?" she asked, thinking of the fun they could have. "do you think he would go for it?"

"He might especially with Brenda not being able to be here, it never hurts to ask."

"Well, I wonder if having a threesome with a client would affect your job?" she asked worried it could cause Ted trouble at work.

"Honey, look if you don't want to do this tonight I understand." Ted told her, "we can forget the whole thing."

"Honey we can't back out now,"

"I just felt so sorry for the guy when he said he hadn't had sex in over a year." Ted said when the door bell rang. 'I'll get it," Ted said walking to open the door.

One hour later.

"This was great, thank you for inviting me." Chuck said placing his napkin across his plate.

"Oh you are very welcome, anybody for thirds?" Patti asked glancing around the table.

"Oh, not for me hon," Ted said, pushing his plate to the side. "It was great as usual."

"I'm really sorry my friend couldn't make it." Patti said apologizing, "I just feel awful."

"Oh don't worry about it," Chuck said feeling a little disappointed.

"It seems like forever since I've had a really good home cooked meal." Chuck commented. He had been looking forward to meeting this lady. He needed sex so bad. He would just go back to the hotel later and jack off again.

"Anybody want any apple pie?" Patti said standing and picking up dishes.

"None for me babe, I'm stuffed." Ted said when she reached to pick up his plate, grabbing her ass he gave her a squeeze. "pie sounds good but not apple," he said with a chuckle.

"Honey!" she said pretending to be surprised, "we've got company."

"And when has that mattered before?" he said with a chuckle.

"You are so silly," she said and turned and walked into the kitchen.

"I miss that, being with my wife and being able to tease each other."

"I'm sure you do, it must be hard for you." Ted said thinking he would go crazy without Patti in his life.

"Yeah it's been tough, but I manage." 

Patti walked back in and gathered the rest of the dishes from the table. "Why don't you guys go into the playroom, I mean the den." She thought Chuck was a very handsome man. Brenda would have liked him.

To her no man could ever compare to Ted. To her he was the most handsome, sexy man she had ever known.

"Alright honey, don't be long." Ted told her standing, "I'm sure we can find something on television."

"I'll be as quick as I can, I promise."

Chuck took a spot on the sofa in the playroom and Ted sat in his recliner.

"Maybe I can meet this lady next time I'm in town," Chuck said, "she sounds like a great gal."

"She is, very sexy and hot." Ted said wondering how to bring up the subject of a threesome. He usually had no trouble making the first move or suggesting some fun, but he had to be very careful. He didn't want to jeopardize his job. He would just take one step at a time and play it by ear.

"She's really hot is she?" Chuck said thinking how good Ted's wife had looked in the red dress she has on. All during dinner he couldn't help but notice how she kept licking her lips, and he could see her nipples through her dress. 

"Oh yes, long red hair, great figure." Ted told Chuck, "now my wife is horny 24/7." he said with a smile. "She never turns me down and will do anything I ask her to do."

"Really?" Chuck asked thinking how lucky Ted was to have a wife like that. Chuck and his wife had had a great sex life until the last few months of her life. 

"Oh yes, her and Brenda are VERY close." Ted said turning the television on, "you know she was right this is our play room." Ted admitted flipping through the channels, "the stories I could tell you."

Getting the hint that perhaps Patti and her friend Brenda liked each other a lot, Chuck felt his cock throb in his pants. "Your wife likes women?" 

"Yeah, once in awhile." Ted said wondering how much to tell Chuck, "she just loves sex period."

"Don't we all?" Chuck said with a laugh, "I get so tired of watching porn and jacking off."

"Oh Patti and I do that too, she loves to watch gay porn, men sucking each other." 

That's when Chuck noticed the queen sized bed on the other side of the room. "So, umm, this is your play room?" he asked imagining hot, wild sex.

"Yeah, we've had some great parties, swapping, fucking, sucking cocks and eating pussy."

"You've never sucked cock have you?" Chuck wondered what it was like to go to a get together like that. 

"I've sucked cock on occasion," Ted admitted, hoping Chuck wouldn't say anything to anyone at work.

"Oh don't worry you're secret is safe with me." Chuck said, "I've even enjoyed watching gay porn."

"I'll tell you something," Ted said glancing toward the stairs, he could hear Patti moving around in the kitchen. "When I got home tonight and I got out of the shower, there was my wife, wanting to suck my cock."

"Did you let her?"

"Well, I tried to say no but she just wanted to suck me so bad." Ted said noticing Chuck rubbing himself. "She can never get enough."

"Baby, I ALWAYS want to suck you." Patti said walking into the room. "I just couldn't help myself."
