 This is a work of fiction, reproduced exactly as it was sent, in installments, to my own cyber lover. She knows who she is; my inspiration, my muse, my angel! While this remains fiction, I live in hope...

Comments welcome

*

It had been a 2 hour flight from Birmingham to Hannover. You had had 2 Malibus on the flight, so you were feeling warm and relaxed, and the black lace undies you had on under your conservative, yet elegant suit were making you feel particularly sexy. You found your pace quickening involuntarily as you walked down the long hallway, the anticipation making you tingle from head to toe, but seeming to concentrate at your nipples and in your groin. The waiting would soon be over. You were finally going to meet the handsome blond man, your cyber lover in person! Your pace quickened slightly again, but you didn't notice. You breezed past the luggage carousels, thankful you had managed to fit all your necessities into one overnight bag. Necessities!! You smiled as you remembered the raised eyebrow of the airport x-ray operator when the picture of your bag came up on the screen. Nothing she hadn't seen before, but so many!! And so many different shapes and sizes! 

She said, "Enjoy your trip." 

You had blushed and said, "Oh, I'm sure I will," and you could have sworn you saw her wink just as you walked past!! And did she really lean over just enough to brush your left breast with her arm as you walked by? You blushed again thinking about it, and the tingling intensified. You could feel a familiar moist warmth between your legs now as you approached the customs desk. No one attending, it would only be a matter of seconds. Your lover was just on the other side of that door!

You found yourself holding your breath as you practically burst through the door. You looked around, frantic, yet trying to stay outwardly calm. You felt your knees begin to tremble. You had spent the entire summer staring at the one photo you had of him, so you were sure that you would recognize him in an instant. (It had been an unusually warm and sunny summer in Yorkshire, and you had spent a lot of time sunbathing in the nude. You were eager to show off your all-over tan!). You couldn't see him. crazy thoughts began popping into your head - he got cold feet, his wife caught him, he forgot, he was lying, this is all just some cruel cyber joke played on me by some...........

Out of nowhere you feel a firm, but gentle hand on your left shoulder. You find yourself being slowly turned around. Another quarter turn and there it is -- the familiar face you've never seen. The face that's accompanied you through so many fantasies, so many orgasms, so many dreams that you've lost track of time over the last 2 months. He's taller than you'd thought he would be, and he has a broad smile on his face that you hadn't seen in the photo. A smile that spoke of confidence, security, and experience far beyond your own years. You can't take your gaze from his eyes, staring into your own with such a steady, knowing look, as if he was looking straight into your soul. You think your knees might buckle. without saying a word, he reaches out and puts his arms around your waist, drawing you to him with a strength you find almost surprising. You lift your chin and he lowers his lips to yours. With the first touch of your lips, a bolt of electricity shoots through your entire body, and the world seems to stop. You feel your knees go weak , your heart start to race out of control, and you know!! You know this is where you were meant to be! these arms were meant to hold you forever and you never want them to let you go. His kiss becomes more urgent, and his tongue parts your lips and begins a quick, playful exploration. You feel him start to smile through the kiss, and you know instictively that he has the exact same feelings as you. You break the kiss and look into his eyes again, noticing a single tear rolling down his cheek. You lean up to his face and kiss it away. 

"Lover," you whisper. 

"Baby," he says. 

"Where can we go?" you ask. 

"I've got a room here at the airport hotel," he says, and now your smile grows to match his. 

"You're such a clever man! how far is it," you ask. 

"5 minutes, on foot" he replies. 

"Can we fly?," you say. 

His smile broadens and he replies, "I already am!!" 

"Let's go," you say. He takes your hand in his, and starts to lead you toward the exit. 

"Grab my bag for me, lover," you say to him. 

"Sure, baby," he says, "What's in it?" 

"Oh, just some necesssities!" you reply. 

"Why are you blushing?" he asks.

to be continued......

CHAPTER 2 (continued in 3rd person, hope you don't mind)

The couple walked hand in hand through the exit doors toward the airport hotel. Oddly enough, now that they were together, the urgency was gone, they strolled at a leisurely pace. They saw nothing but each other, unable to take their eyes from each others' gaze, not noticing the milling crowds, the roaring traffic, or the screaming jets from overhead. They knew what was in store, and that they had all the time in the world. Words were unnecessary between them, their smiles said it all. Passersby who noticed them might have taken them for father and daughter, except that they were obviously so deeply in love. An elderly couple stopped in their tracks and stared at the lovers as they walked by. 

The husband said, "He's gonna get some tonight!" to which his wife commented, 

"She's not gonna wait til tonight! The lucky bitch!" 

"Come dear, let's hurry home, I want to show you something," he said as he took his wife's hand. 

Harvey!" she exclaimed as she allowed herself to be led away, but a smile slowly formed on her lips.

Three and a half minutes later (maybe their pace hadn't been so leisurely after all!), they stood at the hotel desk. 

"The key to the honeymoon suite, please." 

"Right away, sir," said the clerk as he handed him the key. 

"Honeymoon suite!" she said. 

"Don't you think it's appropriate?" he replied, his boyish, yet knowing smile firmly in place. 

"It's perfect, lover," she whispered back, not caring that the clerk was listening. 

"Luggage, madam?" inquired the clerk. 

"I've got everything I need right here," she said, patting her overnight bag. 

The clerk watched them walk toward the elevator, unable to take his eyes off of the rhythmic swaying of the young woman's shapely ass as she walked. 

"I need to take my wife some flowers tonight," he thought to himself. He was smiling the rest of the day.

Once in the elevator, they turned slowly toward each other. They didn't move. They didn't talk, they just looked into each others' eyes. They had just met, yet they had known each other for a hundred lifetimes. They were total strangers, as comfortable and familiar with each other as identical twins in their mother's womb. They knew nothing of each other, and everything. Two hearts, two bodies, one soul. They were a timeless moment, eternity. 

The elevator door opened and they walked in silence to the door of the suite, where he inserted the key.

to be continued........ 

CHAPTER 3

He turned the key, pushed the door open and stepped aside, allowing her to enter first. She was immediately struck by the fragrance. Every surface in the room had a vase with a dozen red roses resting on it. The room was a sea of red, and she heard soft romantic music playing from a sound system in the suite. Her breathing seemed to have stopped as she let her bag fall to the floor. She turned to face him as he closed the door. For a moment, they stood motionless, content merely to look into one another's eyes. Then he stepped forward and took her hand in his again. 

"Come with me," he said simply. 

He led her to the bathroom. There, on a raised dais in the center of the room, stood a huge bathtub, full of freshly drawn, steaming hot water. There were red rose petals floating in the water, and the edge of the tub was lined with an array of bottles and jars containing a variety of oils and lotions. Once again she turned to him and gazed at his handsome, smiling face. 

"Baby?" he said. 

"Yes, my lover?" 

"Take off your clothes." 

"You don't want to do that for me,?" she asked, with just a hint of tease in her voice. 

"I'll be too busy taking my own off," he said with a laugh, and together they began to disrobe. Slowly at first, but with increasing urgency, they discarded their clothing, leaving two random piles on the floor. Never once did their eyes stray from the other's faces. When they had both finished and stood naked in front of each other, she slowly allowed her gaze to drift downward. For a man approaching middle age, he was in remarkably fit physical shape. He obviously spent time caring for his body. A strong muscular chest with a fine mat of dark blond hair. Not too much, not too little, just the way she liked it, with a touch of grey between his nipples. A flat stomach with just a trace of the "love handles" that can't be avoided after almost 50 years of enjoying life. Her eyes drifted lower, and her breath caught: he was a liar! He had said on the internet that he was "average" in size, but this was clearly not the case! She found herself staring at the largest cock she had ever seen! She estimated it to be at least ten inches long and as thick as her wrist. And it was fully erect, pointing straight to the ceiling, the huge mushroom shaped head reaching well past his navel. It was massive. Purple and pulsing, twitching seemingly with a mind of its own. She let out an audible moan, and thought she might faint. 

"Are you ok, baby?" he asked. 

She could only let another moan escape her lips.

What he saw was equally thrilling to him. Surely this was the loveliest, sexiest woman he had ever laid eyes on! Her large, perfectly proportioned breasts stood proudly out from her slim frame, topped by nipples whose color matched the redness of the roses filling the suite. He dropped his eyes further and was delighted to see a trim waist, and further down a smooth shaven pussy, just the way he liked it. He looked again and could clearly see that moisture was slowly dripping down the insides of both thighs, already approaching her knees. He swore he could smell the musky fragrance of sex competing with the roses. He wasn't going to be able to wait much longer.

As she stood transfixed by the vision of his engorged, throbbing cock, she saw a steady stream of pre-cum flowing from his opening, slowly running down his thick shaft, making his shaved balls glisten in the room's dim lighting. Then it happened......

As if both hearing a silent starter's pistol, they flew at each other. Gentleness, tenderness, that would all come later, this was the release of animal passions that had been building for weeks! There were no words, only grunts and moans. The world around them ceased to exist as their bodies fused with such force as to make them inseperable for all time to come.

With the first touch of his skin on hers, she was shaken by a powerful orgasm, the first of what would be more orgasms than she could count. As she came, moaning his name and melting helplessly into his arms, a gush, a flood, a waterfall of pussy juice began to run down both thighs. He reached down with his hand and scooped up as much of the sweet cream as he could. He brought his hand to his face and smiling, spread her musky sex all over his chin, cheeks and lips, then stuck his fingers in his mouth. She lunged at his face with the eagerness of a woman starved, devouring her own cream, loving the taste, finally meeting his lips with hers. They shared the taste of sex on their tongues. 

Their hands were everywhere, feeling, exploring, squeezing, stroking, pinching, scratching. His hand finally found her quivering pussy, and she came again, soaking his hand to the wrist. His long fingers were inside her and her pussy convulsed as his thumb began to stroke her swollen clit. Her own hands found his engorged, throbbing horse-cock, and she wrapped her fingers around its massive girth. She began to stroke its full length, using his flowing pre-cum as a lubricant. She could wait no longer. She whispered the words she had been longing to say in person since she had typed the letters "y-e-s" on her keyboard not 6 weeks ago. The first words she uttered in her new life of bliss. Possibly the only words she would ever utter again: "Lover, take me!!"

He reached his strong arms behind her, cupping both her ass cheeks in his large hands. He lifted her off the floor as if she were weightless. She wrapped her legs tightly around his ribcage as he began to walk toward the master bedroom, throwing her arms around his neck, smothering his face between her breasts. She could already feel the head of his cock poised at the entrance to her waiting cunt, and she felt her next orgasm building. He reached the edge of the huge bed, the bed that would be their universe for the next three days -- or forever, if she had her wish. They fell together onto the bed, and with that motion, his huge pole was thrust into her eager pussy to the hilt in one swift motion. His heavy balls hit her ass cheeks with an audible slap. She was impaled. She screamed his name in pleasure, she came, she may have fainted. He began fucking her like a man possessed. He knew there would be time for tender caresses soon, but for now he was overcome by pure pagan lust for this beautiful, wanton, depraved sex goddess on the bed beneath him. He had to make her his forever, to give her all the pleasure she could stand, and not stop there. He wanted to be her partner, her soulmate, her master, her slave, her first waking thought each morning, her dreams as she slept. There would be time for all that, but for now, his brain was switched off, and his cock was in command. He began to pump his cock into her steaming hot snatch with the speed and force of a jack-hammer, pulling it out to the tip with each stroke, then slamming home, squeezing his balls against her soft, shapely ass. He stared into her eyes as he felt his own climax approaching.....

She could feel every nuance of his pounding cock. Each thick vein along the shaft seemed to be designed for her pleasure, the rim of the mushroom head massaged her g-spot with every thrust, turning her whole existence into one intense, drawn-out, continuous orgasm. The universe consisted of nothing but her pussy and his cock, and that was all that they needed. As if in a dream, she met his eyes with hers as she heard him say, 

"Baby?" 

"Lover," she said, the only word her brain could find. 

"I can't last any longer." All she could do was moan.......

It started simultaneously in his toes, his fingertips, and the top of his scalp. A surge of electricity like a liquid lightning bolt, flowing, oozing, converging from all directions on its destination -- his twitching, quivering cock. As the shock wave reached his rock hard manhood, he could feel the first jet of boiling cum traveling up the shaft. He briefly wondered if he was going to die. Heaven would surely be a disppointment after this -- or maybe he was already there. He stared unblinking into her eyes as he came. No orgasm before in his life had prepared him for this. He buried his cock down to the root and froze. The first jet of his hot sperm flew from his cock head with the force of a fire hose. Her eyes widened and she gasped as she felt it splash against the entrance to her womb, and she held his gaze with her eyes as he stared back at her. Time had stopped, but the onslaught continued. He began thrusting again, with even more strength as wave after wave of his hot, thick cum flooded her eager, hungry pussy. He couldn't utter a sound. Their orgasmic juices mixed to a sweet, fragrant nectar, and began to overflow her already stuffed cunt, soaking her thighs to her knees, running down the crack of her ass, and forming what seemed like a lake on the bed beneath them. Maybe they could go for a swim later, she thought, and began to laugh. his thrusting subsided and he saw the smile on her face, heard her sweet, melodious laughter, and he began to laugh as well. they laughed together, they each cried a little, their tears mingling as they nestled their faces together, never wanting to part again, not being able to face parting if it were ever to happen. They would be one forever. they were meant to be........

to be continued........ 

CHAPTER 4

They slept. They lay together in the middle of the huge bed, entwined with each other as if trying to meld themselves into one being. They woke briefly, nestled still closer, and slept again. later, she rose to use the bathroom, and upon returning, she snuggled into his body spoon style, so that his cock, now spent and soft, rested in the crack of her ass. He wrapped his arms around her and cupped both her breasts in his hands. at the touch of her soft ass cheeks on his cock, he soon found himself stirring again. She smiled. He applied a light pressure on her breasts with his hands, and softly turned her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. she let out a low moan. 

"Lover?" she said. 

"Yes, my angel?" 

"I haven't had a chance to taste your beautiful cock yet," she said, at the same time giving her ass cheeks a gentle squeeze around his steadily hardening tool. 

"That is a situation that can be corrected with a minimum of effort," he said, his smile matching hers. She turned herself around in his arms and kissed him. A tender yet urgent kiss as deep as the sea, seemingly as long as time itself. 

She broke the kiss and whispered, "I'm going to suck your cock like it's never been sucked before, like no one else ever could." she began to kiss her way down his body, kissing his chin, his neck, his shoulders. licking each nipple, teasing with gentle bites, nestling her face into his chest hair. She kissed her way toward his navel, but was met by his engorged cock head before she even got there. She wrapped a hand around his turgid shaft. her fingers did not meet around its thickness. 

"Lover," she said, "I've never sucked a dick this big before, but I'm going to take my time, and I'm going to swallow it all. I'm going to work it all the way down my throat so I can lick your balls at the same time. and when you cum, lover, I'm going to have you so deep in me you'll cum straight into my stomach without me having to swallow. are you ready for me, my lover?" hearing her describe her intentions so precisely and graphically, his throat was dry, and his breath was reduced to shallow gasps. 

"I can't wait to see that," 

he managed to croak. 

"Then watch me," she said. She turned around and placed her knees between his legs so she could look him in the eyes while she attended to the task at hand. she lifted his heavy cock in her hand and bent toward it. she began by licking the long shaft, from his balls, slowly licking her way up the length to the head, where she spent time making slow swirling motions around its girth, all the time not taking her eyes from his. He stared back into hers, transfixed, stunned by her loving ministrations. His thick pre-cum began flowing from his hole, and she lapped at it like a kitten savoring a bowl of milk. 

"Yummy," she whispered. She ran her tongue back down the length of his shaft, tracing the thick, pulsating veins as she went. Arriving once again at the base, she gave his balls a generous coating of her saliva, making them glisten in the soft light as she slowly stroked his shaft up and down with her hand, causing more pre-cum to flow. She sucked in one ball, then the other, twirling her tongue around each, drawing a low moan from his lips. she licked her way slowly back to the head, and took a deep breath. Pointing his massive meat at her mouth with her hand, she opened her mouth and bent toward it. Slowly, ever so slowly, she began engulfing the purple head with her hungry mouth. Inch by inch she impaled herself on his rigid shaft. She felt the head meet the back of her throat, and felt herself begin to gag. She stopped her downward motion briefly, allowing herself time to relax and breathe deeply through her nose. The gag reflex subsided and she redoubled her efforts. With steady determination, she eased further down his shaft, feeling it stretch her throat to its maximum. She knew what she wanted and she knew she would succeed. She had three inches to go, and nothing would stop her now.
