 Penny looked through the curtains and saw a man walking up the street towards her house. When he got there he looked at the car parked outside and compared the house number with the note in his hand and smiled. He was at the right place. Penny felt a tingling excitement in her stomach and she knew it wouldn't be long now. For months she and Tom had been chatting online and on the phone. Their cybersex had been getting raunchier and raunchier and now they were finally meeting for a night of fulfilling all the fantasies they'd only ever lived out online.

The doorbell rang and Penny ran into the hall. She quickly checked herself in the mirror. She was wearing a black transparent push up bra and black transparent g-strings. She was Tom's little slut and she hoped she lived up to his expectations.

Penny opened the door and smiled at Tom's reaction. He'd obviously expected her to answer the door fully clothed. She kissed his cheek and asked him if she was enough of a slut for him. He told her that she wasn't yet, but she'd gone off to a good start.

Tom closed the door behind him and pulled Penny into his arms. He kissed her deeply and she replied to his kiss by slipping her tongue into his mouth. She could feel his hands squeezing her ass as she pressed herself against his body, happily noticing a slight bulge rubbing against her stomach.

'I want to fuck you so hard Penny,' Tom whispered against her lips.

'Oh yes Tom, fuck me now,' Penny begged him.

'Bend over,' Tom commanded and pushed Penny in the direction of the stairs.

Penny bent over and rested her hands on the stairs and she could feel Tom pulling her g-strings to the side and slide a finger along her slit. He chuckled as he felt how wet she was.

'You little slut,' he said to her. 'You're every bit as wet as you said you'd be.'

She could hear him unzip his pants and then she felt his precum-wet cock head slide up and down her slit.

'Do you want me to fuck you Penny?'

'Yes please Tom, fuck me like the little slut I am!!!'

She didn't need to beg him anymore because he was as horny as she was and rammed his thick shaft right up her tight wet cunt. Penny started moaning as Tom's balls slammed against her wet slit the first time and then he thrust harder and harder. There were no words, all they could hear were the squishy wet sounds as Tom's cock slid in and out of Penny's cunt and his heavy balls bounced against her clit.

They had talked about this moment so many times. They had described their first fuck in every single detail, but they'd never realised how horny they actually were for each other. No time to tease, lick, suck or build up to a climax. They were starving for each other and needed this first fuck to be as hard and as deep as they could possibly do it, and first when they'd cum together for the first time, would there be a chance for their bodies to get properly acquainted with each other. Tom's cock was ramming so hard up Penny's cunt, she knew she couldn't take much more.

'Tom,' she begged, 'I really need to cum badly.'

'OK my little slut,' he agreed, 'you cum and then I'll shoot my load deep inside You.'

With those words Penny could stand it no longer. She let herself go. Her pussy walls contracted hard around Tom's cock and her body convulsed and she started grinding herself around the base of Tom's shaft. She screamed out loud and when she started screaming Tom couldn't hold it in anymore and he started shooting his load straight up Penny's cumming pussy.

Tom slowly withdrew his cock from Penny's cunt and he told her not to move. He tucked his cock inside his briefs and zipped his pants up. Then he knelt down behind Penny's exposed pussy and started licking up his cum that was mixing with Penny's juices and sipping out of her hole. When he was done licking he turned Penny over and kissed her deep, slipping the cum and pussy juice mix into her mouth and she swallowed it.

As they sat on the stairs, tongues feeling out each other's mouths, Tom heard a door open. He looked up and saw a redhead enter the hall from the living room. She was wearing the same skimpy outfit as Penny, but her tits were slightly smaller and she looked a little bit taller.

'What's taking you guys so long?' the redhead asked and smiled at them as she knew exactly what was taking so long.

Tom couldn't believe his eyes. He had no idea there'd be a second girl there, but he knew exactly who this was. It was Jessie, Penny's best friend, whom he'd chatted with a couple of times. He didn't know what to say. The sight of the two near naked 26 year olds got his cock hard again.

'Jessie?' he asked carefully.

'Of course!' she smiled, leaned forward and kissed him on the mouth.

'I thought you wouldn't mind a bit of company,' Penny smiled at him and kissed him too.

'Oh you two are such little sluts,' Tom chuckled. 'Am I going to get to fuck both of you?'

'Of course!' the girls replied in unison. 'If you want to!'

'And am I going to see you two fuck each other?' he looked at the two girls.

'As long as you are here we'll do anything you want,' Jessie said to him, took his hand and placed it between her legs so that he could feel how wet she was.

Tom got up and slapped the two girls on the ass and asked them to take him to the bedroom. They took one hand each and started walking upstairs. He admired Penny's big king size bed that had been stripped of its duvet. He undressed in front of the girls' admiring looks and sat down on a wicker chair. He admired the bodies of the two young girls. Penny was medium height with green eyes, blonde hair, 36D tits and a shaved snatch. Jessie was an inch or so taller, red hair, brown eyes, 36C tits and she was also shaved. Both girls had freckles, but Penny had more and her complexion seemed paler than Jessie's.

Tom started stroking his cock and suggested the girls get naked too. Jessie slowly pulled Penny's soaking g-strings off and the blonde stepped out of them. She then unhooked Penny's bra and slid it off, replacing the cups with her hands and slowly twirled her fingers around Penny's nipples until they got really hard and erect. She kissed Penny's throat and turned around.

Penny rubbed her nipples across Jessie's back and the red head turned her head backwards and the two girls kissed deeply. Their tongues were playing with each other as Penny unhooked Jessie's bra and cupped her tits with her hands just like Jessie had done on her, seconds earlier. Jessie shrugged the bra off and the girls were standing like that for a while, kissing deeply, oblivious to the world.

Then Penny pushed Jessie onto the bed so that she was lying with her ass just at the edge. Penny grabbed hold of Jessie's g-strings and pulled them off and she got down on her knees between Jessie's widely spread legs. She ran her finger over Jessie's slit and looked over at Tom, with a question in her eyes. He smiled and nodded and Penny's head quickly went down on Jessie's mound.

Penny was licking the length of Jessie's slit and Tom was stroking his hard cock as he observed her. He knew that Penny had never fucked another woman before, but she instinctively knew what to do. She separated Jessie's pussy lips and started flicking her tongue over Jessie's clit. Jessie was gasping for air, which turned into a shrieking moan as Penny shoved her tongue inside Jessie's wet cunt.

Tom walked over to the bed, knelt next to Jessie and started kneading her tits as he watched Penny tongue fucking her best friend, really closely. Her fingers were rubbing Jessie's clit, another finger was playing with her asshole, and all along her tongue was sliding in and out of the wet hole. Tom couldn't believe what he was seeing, these girls were amazing. Jessie's moans became shorter and louder and Tom knew that she was close to cumming.

'You're such a little slut Jessie,' he said happily and when Jessie heard this she screamed out, her body shuddered and she ground her cunt onto Penny's face.

'You're both such sluts,' Tom mused happily and admired the young bodies. 'Lie down next to each other, with Your legs tucked up so that I can see Your cunts.'

The girls giggled as they laid down next to each other, Penny turned around and kissed her friend deeply, letting the other girl taste her own pussy juices on Penny's mouth. Tom stood in front of them and wanked his throbbing cock. Those cunts were so tempting. He had two young and willing sluts in front of him, he didn't know whom to fuck first. Then he remembered what he and Penny had once done while chatting and he knew exactly what he wanted next.

'Listen up sluts!' he commandeered. 'I want you both to suck me off now!'

The girls didn't have to be told twice. They were both dying to suck that deliciously juicy cock that stood hard and proud from Tom's hips. Tom stood at the side of the bed with his arms crossed, looking down at his shaft. Penny got down on her hands and knees in front of him and sucked his cock into her warm, moist mouth that had just licked Jessie.

Jessie watched the two for a second, then she got down on her back and rolled herself in under Penny and started sucking Tom's cum filled balls. Penny felt her tits rest on Jessie's tits and her lips met Jessie's while they were both sucking Tom's delicious cock and balls. She started moving her hips back and forth, leaving a trail of her pussy juices on Jessie's mound. Tom looked straight ahead into the mirror and the sight almost made him cum immediately. Penny's sexy ass was moving so invitingly and the girls were getting off with each other while both had their wet mouths around his cock and balls.

Penny sucked as hard as she possibly could. She'd seen a lot of pictures of Tom's throbbing cock, but this was much better than the pictures. Having his cock fucking her mouth was so much better than anything she could imagine. She was sucking him so deep, throating herself so that all of his cock was in her warm mouth. And then she could feel Jessie's hot body underneath her. Her best friend was sucking those balls real good.

Jessie remembered what Penny had told her previously and while she was sucking Tom's balls she slowly started working her hands back. She pulled his cheeks apart and inserted a finger in his asshole. As if those delicious mouths and tongues weren't enough, Jessie's finger finally became too much for Tom, he could feel himself letting go. He quickly yelled out to the girls to stop sucking and pulled out of Penny's mouth just in time to start squirting all over her face. He aimed the next squirt at Jessie's face and for what seemed like hours he squirted the biggest load he ever remembered onto the girls hungry faces.

When Tom stopped cumming Jessie looked up at Penny's cum covered face and she pulled her friend down and the two of them kissed passionately. The naked bodies entwined and they rolled around on the beds, kissing Tom's cum off each other. After a little while Penny pulled out and got up next to Tom.

'Are we good little sluts for you?' she asked while running her finger in circles around her nipple.

'Oh yes you are,' he replied and kissed her deeply.

'Then can I have a reward?'

'What do you want?'

'You remember my favourite picture?'

'The one with the two guys and a girl?'

'That's the one!'

'What about it?'

'I want you and Jessie to fuck me like that…'

'You are a slut and we'll fuck you like a slut,' Tom confirmed and smiled at her. 'But you have to do something to get me hard first…'

Jessie walked up to Tom and kneeled in front of him. She took his cock in her mouth and started sucking on it. Meanwhile Penny lay down on the bed again and started playing with her pussy. She spread her legs wide and then used her fingers to pull her pussy lips apart, showing off how shiny she was for Tom. She licked her lips and he knew that he had to shove his swollen cock right up that cunt so hard she'd be begging for mercy.

He pulled his cock out of Jessie's mouth and got her up on her feet. He whispered into her ears and then he walked up to Penny.

'Come on my little slut,' he said. 'I'm gonna fuck you like you've never been fucked before.'

Penny got out of bed and followed Tom. He placed one of her hands on the foot of the bed. Then he motioned for Jessie to get hold of Penny under her arms to provide additional support, placing Jessie's hands over Penny's huge tits. He then bent down and picked up Penny's legs, placing her knees over his shoulders, her wet cunt against his throbbing shaft.

Tom told Penny to start fingering her friend's pussy and the girls started kissing. The sight was beautiful to his eyes and he ran his shaft across Penny's soaking slit. He savoured the moment, he was going to fuck this slut's cunt good. His fingers pulled her shaved cunt lips apart, revealing a dark, inviting hole. He placed his cock at the opening and then, without a word of warning, he thrust his full length inside the tight wet cunt.

'Oh fuck, your cunt is so good!' he yelled.

'Fuck me Tom. Fuck your little slut! Fuck me deep and hard!!!!!' Penny cried out in reply.

Jessie was watching Tom's cock slide in and out of Penny's hairless snatch. It was so much better to watch this action close up than any porn movie she'd ever watched. Tom's cock was shining wet from Penny's juices and the wet, fucking noises made Jessie even hornier. She started kneading Penny's tits as she imagined Tom's delicious cock fucking her own cunt.

Penny could hardly believe her senses. Tom's throbbing shaft was fucking her so deep and hard. Meanwhile Jessie was softly kneading her tits and pinching her hard nipples. She closed her eyes and panted heavily. She wanted this to last forever, but her cunt betrayed her and she could feel it tightening around Tom's cock. She gave in, moaned out loud and started shaking as her cunt squeezed Tom's sliding shaft as hard as it could.

Penny squirted her cunt juices as she came in a mind shuttering orgasm. The squishy fuck noises got louder and Tom kept pumping her hard, ramming his shaft into the contracting pussy and grinding his balls onto her ass, which by now was soaking wet from her cum. Tom was like a man possessed and as Penny's body went limp he pulled out of her, let her feet down on the floor and took Jessie's hand.

Tom motioned for Jessie to get down on her hands and knees on the bed and the minute her naked cunt was showing he pulled her lips apart and rammed his hard cock inside her. Jessie cried out loud as the big, juicy shaft penetrated her and filled her tight pussy up. She was so wet and horny and to finally be fucked deep made her have a mini-orgasm.

Penny watched as Tom shafted her best friend and although she'd just cum she felt jealous. Sure she'd already had Tom cum inside her pussy once today, and once on her face, but she wanted him some more. She looked at Tom's face, his eyes were squinting and his mouth was showing off just how hard he was fucking. She laughed at her thought and went over and kissed him.

'Oh Tom,' she said. 'That delicious cock is fucking your sluts so good. How about letting your tongue do some of the work?'

'Just get your cunt up here and I'll stick my tongue inside you,' he grinned back, knowing exactly what Penny had in mind.

Penny didn't waste any time. She stood up on he bed, one leg on either side of Jessie and bent forward. She reached back and pulled her cunt lips apart to show off her wet hole and throbbing clit. Tom was fucking one slut's cunt and now the other slut was shoving her juicy little cunt right up his face. Life was good. He started lapping Penny's cunt that was dripping wet.

Tom was licking the length of Penny's slit, over and over. Her juices tasted so good. Then he shoved his tongue inside her fuck hole. Adapting his tongue to the rhythm he was shafting Jessie's cunt with he started fucking Penny's cunt with his tongue. It was like he was tasting with his tongue what his cock was fucking so hard. His long hard strokes went deep inside Jessie's cunt. He'd grind his balls on her clit and he could feel her starting to cum. He wanted that cunt cumming around his cock. He was far from ready yet, but he wanted the slut to cum around him so that he could move on to the next step.

He didn't have to wait long as Jessie's moans became louder and louder. Finally she cried out loud and her pussy started shivering and contracting around Tom's hard shaft. Tom felt the added pressure around his cock, this was so good. He knew that he wouldn't be able to keep himself from cumming much longer and he knew exactly how and where he wanted to cum. Jessie was a good slut, but Penny was his special slut and he was going to shoot his load all the way up her cunt. He pulled out of Jessie and pushed her forward. He pulled his tongue from Penny and went to lie down on the bed.

No words were spoken, but Penny immediately understood that Tom wanted her to go riding on him. She was so happy. This meant that he wanted to cum inside her cunt and not Jessie's. It was like she was getting a reward. She straddled Tom's hips and moved her hips back and forth, letting his throbbing shaft feel her wet slit. She looked down on his face and laughed. She bent over, her heavy tits fell like ripe fruit on his chest as she kissed him deeply, his cock resting against her slit.

'Jessie,' Penny said. 'Help him inside me.'

Jessie parted Tom's legs and took hold of the shaft that had just made her cunt cum so violently. With her other hand she found Penny's fuck hole and parted her lips. Then she put Tom's cock head against the hole. Tom and Penny looked at each other and simultaneously thrust against each other. Penny moved herself down Tom's cock and Tom moved his hips up to stretch Penny's cunt some more. They both moaned out in pleasure.

Jessie lay down between Tom's legs and started licking his balls. They tasted so good, with her own and Penny's juices soaking them. She smiled as she heard Tom's reaction to her licking. Whenever Penny moved up, Jessie let her tongue flick across Tom's hard shaft, when Penny came back down Jessie would suck on Tom's balls. The room was quiet apart from the wet fucking sounds and the moans of Tom and Penny.

Penny moved her cunt up and down the big shaft. Tom sure fucked her good. She would grind her clit against him every time she came down and she could feel Jessie's tongue on her ass as the other girl was licking Tom's cum-filled balls.

'Tom…' she moaned. 'I'm gonna cum again.'

'You little slut!' he chuckled. 'Can't you take my fucking anymore?'

'You're too good for me,' she moaned. 'This has been too good. I'm gonna cum, please cum with me.'

'I don't know,' Tom panted back. 'I don't think I'm ready yet.'

Jessie smiled and instinctively knew what was needed. She licked her two index fingers and simultaneously penetrated Penny's and Tom's asses with them. Penny cried out when she felt Jessie's finger in her ass. This was too much and she started shaking violently and her cunt contracted hard around Tom's shaft. The sensation of Penny's cunt squeezing his hard cock and Jessie's finger penetrating his ass proved too much for Tom and with a roar he started shooting his load up Penny's welcoming cunt.

Penny collapsed on top of Tom and kissed him deeply. At the same time she could feel his cum and her juices leaking out of her cunt, but she didn't worry cause Jessie was thirstily lapping it all up. Tom and Penny kissed for a long time and after a while they were joined by Jessie who slipped the cum filled pussy juice in each of their mouths. Tom and his two sluts fell asleep in each other's arms.