 Chapter 1: The Dance

I see you looking at me from across the smoked-filled room. The way the light plays against your brown hair, it gives the aura of an amber halo around you. I feel my body respond to your watchful gaze. The look of hunger that covers your face sends a shiver of excitement down my spine. I'm so glad I chose this dress instead of the black one. This one is a sparkly green body-dress. It clings to my every curve, so bad in fact I couldn't ware any bra or panties. It was short enough to show off my sexy legs, stopping at mid-thigh. Also it had a very deep V-neck, giving a great view of my ample bust. The green of it brings out my eyes and sets off my red hair.

When I saw the way your light-colored jeans tightly hugged your large package, I just knew I had to get some of you tonight! I watch you build up the courage to come and talk to me. Our eyes lock over the rim of my glass, and the intense flow of electricity between us blocks out everything in the room. It's as if we are the only two people on earth. The only sound I hear is the pounding of my heart. As you get closer to me I notice the rich brown color of your eyes. The kind of bedroom eyes I could lose myself in.

When you are about five feet away someone touches my arm, breaking the trance we are in. He asks me to dance. I look back to you, hoping that is what you wanted, but you have already turned and are headed back to the bar. I follow him, but knowing it is you I will be dancing for. You also seem to know this, cause your eyes follow my every move. The music that's playing is the kind of slow, seductive beat that is perfect to make love to. I begin to sway my hips to the beat, feeling your eyes caress me.

I turn my body around to face you, and begin to grind my ass into his pelvis. He grabs my hips moving in perfect unison with me. I slide my hands up my body slowly. Cupping my tits in my hands, unconsciously I begin to tweak my already hard nipples. I smile at you, licking my lips. You smile back your hand dropping to your growing bulge. I stifle a giggle as I watch you try to adjust you jeans to accommodate your growing member. Oh damn, is it growing. Wow! You start to rub your crotch. I continue to pop and grind my hips to the music, watching you. I slowly roll my tongue across my lips. I notice your eyes zeroing in on my tongue. Unconsciously you lick your lips. Our eye contact never breaking. You begin to rub your crotch harder and faster.

I smile wickedly and wiggle down his body till I'm almost sitting on the floor. The pure animal lust in our eyes blocks out everything and everyone. I open my legs wide to reveal my bare, hairless pussy to you. I see your chest jerk as you gasp somewhat shocked, but all the more aroused. You see my wetness seeping, making my lips shiny under the muted light, showing you that I am just as turned on as you. You smile, licking your lips, nodding your head as you appreciate the view. I gently run my finger up my cunt lips, coating the tip in my honey. Still watching you, I move the same finger to my mouth. I suck the single digit between my lips, savoring my unique flavor. Your breath quickens, you are almost panting. I start to move my hand back down when…CRASH, the music stops.

I jerk my head towards the sound, snapping my legs closed. I stand up quickly, almost knocking my partner down. At the end of the bar, apparently someone had gotten drunk and passed out while looking at the jukebox. Busting it as he lost consciousness.

"Damn so much for my show." I mumble under my breath.

I look up to find you, but you're nowhere to be seen. Disappointed I sigh. Maybe I was coming on too strong, or maybe I just wanted it too bad. Just my luck, I come out of my shell, let my hair down and get a little wild, and I end up scaring him off. Brie, you stupid, stupid girl. You should know by now, that if you act like a tramp you will only attract assholes, or the one you want will think your too easy, I thought to myself. My dance partner chooses this time to wrap his arms around me, pulling me close.

"Come on baby lets go to my van, and I will really show you how to move that sweet ass of yours." He mumbles, pinching my ass.

I turn around and glare at him.

"Just because I let you dance with me does not under any circumstances mean your getting any of this sweet ass, as you so say!" I tell him before I stalk back to the bar.

At the bar, I see the bartenders' ass (mmmm… sexy) at the other end of the bar waiting on a crowd of people. I slide up onto the stool, my head in my hands. Trying to figure out a way to turn this night around.

"Good god girl, why did you have to be so blatant about it?" I mumble shaking my head

"What's your poison sweetheart?" A distinctively female voice asks.

I look up and am totally dumbfounded. She is the most exquisite beauty I have ever seen. Her wavy dark honey colored hair cascades down her back. The green of her eyes reminded me of fresh cut grass. Her full lips just begged to be kissed. I immediately have a mental picture of her spread eagle on the pool table begging for more. I shake my head trying to clear the images.

"Uh... yeah... give me three shots of tequlia and a beer." I stammer, finding my voice.

"Bad night girlfriend?" She asks, chuckling, as she pours my shots.

"Yeah, you could say that." I tell her as I pay for my drinks, winking as I leave her a dollar tip.

"Thanks babe."

I grab my drinks, turn and strut away. I shake my ass for her benefit. I glance over my shoulder, pleasantly surprised that she is watching licking her lips. I catch her eye and she blushes realizing that she was caught. I smile and wink at her. She quickly drops her head and goes back to work. If I wasn't in such a bad mood (being rejected by the handsome stranger at the bar) I might have pursued her. But right now I needed to drown my sorrows in some strong alcohol.

I slam the first shot, feeling my throat turn to ash, when my thoughts turn the handsome stranger. Damn, he was so sexy. Mmm… and the muscle in his pants could've kept me screaming all night long. My pussy grows hotter and wetter as I think about what his fingers, tongue, and cock could do to me. I down my second one, quickly following it with a swig of beer. The alcohol calms my frayed nerves, and makes me feel a bit giddy.

Every time I glance towards the bar, the sexy bartender is watching me. I smile and wink at her and everytime she blushes and drops her head. Awww… she is shy! I giggle, finding it funny that someone as beautiful as her could be shy. The next time I catch her looking, I blow her a kiss. Her eyes widen in surprise, but she smiles and blows one back. I slam back the last shot. I feel myself balancing on the edge of being totally inebriated. I grab my purse and rise from the chair, (none to gracefully) and stumble towards the ladies room.

I shake my head, standing at the end of a long, dark corridor. The men's room immediately to the right, but the ladies room all the way at the end of it.

"Why is it that the men's room is always closer?" I mumble as I make my way down the hall.

I hold onto the wall for support. When I reach the middle of the hall, I get the eerie feeling of someone watching me. I stand up straight, looking in both directions. I didn't realize how dark and quiet the hallway was. I quicken my steps, knowing that something bad could happen in such a dark, quiet place. Well maybe not all that bad, I think chuckling as I reach for the door.

I feel your strong arms embrace me, pulling me back. Startled, I begin to scream. You clamp your hand over my mouth.

"Aww...baby, you know you want this." You whisper gruffly in my ear.

You start to grind you granite like cock into my ass cheeks.

"See what you do to me, you little cocktease? Ahh, but your not going to tease me anymore. I'm getting some of that sexy pussy you was showing off earlier." You moan before nibbling and sucking on my earlobe.

I lean back into you, knowing that you're my sexy stranger. You reach around the front of my dress, pulling the front of it down to expose my ample grapefruit-sized tittys. Grasping them roughly in your large hands. A moan of pleasure escapes my parted lips. The roughness of the palms of your hands against my bullet-like nipples sends shockwaves of ecstasy through my body.

"Mmm...yesss." I whimper as you turn me around, pushing me up against the wall.

I feel your hard cock pressing against my heated core. My hand reaches out to rub it through your jeans. You growl, thrusting your hips forward. Our gazes lock as you pinch and roll my nipples between your fingers. I moan, arching my back. I unzip your jeans, and smile noticing that you're not wearing anything underneath them. I feel you body tense as my fingertips brush against your massive cock. Oh my…bigger then I thought. I wrap my hand around your throbbing meatstick, stroking it softly.

Your mouth captures mine. Our tongues dance together, wrestling, each of us trying to gain control. I continue to stroke you, moving my hand faster up and down your rod, as it grows larger still. You begin to thrust your tongue into my mouth, keeping the same beat as my hand. I rip my mouth from yours, biting your ear, I whisper.

"I have to taste you!"

I drop to my knees and rest my head against the wall. I grasp your hips, pulling your cock to my salivating mouth. My tongue flicks across the head tasting a bit of pre-cum.

"Mmm... delicious."

My hands splay out across the cheeks of your ass. I feel your muscles ripple under my fingers. I wrap my lips tightly around your cock. I feel you ass clench as you thrust deep into my warm inviting mouth. My cheeks collapse as I suck you deep and hard. I hear you moan.

"Oh my god girl. Mmm yess...suck my cock."

You begin to drive hard and deep into my throat. My head bouncing off the wall with each thrust. I'm using my throat muscles to pull you deeper. My tongue sneaking out to lick your balls with each downward thrust. I feel your muscles tighten as you draw closer to filling my mouth with your sweet man-cream. I pull you close, locking your cock deep in my throat. I begin to milk your rod. Contracting and releasing, contracting and releasing my throat muscles. You run your fingers through my hair, holding my head still.

"Ohhh...yess that's it girl, eat my cock." You grunt as you fill my mouth with your cream.

I swallow every delicious drop of your cum. I smack my lips as I stand up.

"Damn girl, not only are you a tease, but one hell of a cocksucking tease." You tell me.

I just giggle and kiss you softly.

Unknown to us, the sexy bartender was watching our heated encounter from the bathroom doorway. She had shut off the light and the door was wide open. One of her hands gripped the door jam, her fingernails digging slightly in the wood. Her other hand was buried in the crotch of her unzipped jeans. Her fingers moving fast across her engorged clit. She was panting, and her eyes were glazed. When she saw that we were kissing, she jerked her hand from her pants and stepped towards us.

"Excuse me, but I know of a better place for us to finish this." She said in a husky voice.

We turn towards her, and she places one of her pussy-soaked fingers against my lips. I slowly suck her finger into my mouth. Flicking and swirling my tongue over the single digit, savoring her sweet taste. Then she places her other finger against his lips letting him also taste. He greedily sucks her finger, biting gently, before continuing with the rest of her fingers.

I lean forward and boldly kiss her on the lips. She tenses for a moment, and then she opens her mouth inviting me. I thrust my tongue into her mouth hard and fast. I grab her hand and place it on my tit. She begins to roll my soft flesh in her hand as she grinds her hips into mine, keeping the same tempo as I plunge into her mouth. He stepped back and was watching in amazement a goofy grin on his face. She stepped back, breaking our kiss.

"Come on, follow me." She moans breathlessly.

She grabs each of our hands, and pulls us to the backroom. It's a supply area, each of the walls are lined with boxes full of liquor. In the center of the room is a double bed. We both smirked and looked at her.

"Sometimes the need arises." She said with a wink.

She locked the door behind her and flipped on the lights. I walked to the bed removing the rest of my dress and kicking off my heels. He walked around the bed, sitting on the opposite side of it. I lean back on my elbows, and smile sweetly at her. She slips off her sneakers and slides her tight jeans down her beautiful legs. She is wearing a pair off black lace thongs…mm so sexy. Her skin is a golden tan color, like coffee with extra creamer, and I'm sure a lot of sugar.

I look back at him, he has removed his shirt, his chest is muscular, not much hair though. He stands up and unbuttons his jeans, letting them slide down his legs. Oh my! His cock is thick and veined and is very big even though he is not fully hard yet, but quickly rising. His legs are long and defined, and an ass so cute, perfect for grabbing. I glance back at her; she has finished removing her jeans and her thongs. Her smooth legs trim and tight leading to her neatly trimmed mound, just a small patch of brown curls. Her lips thick and wet. My mouth begins to salivate and I lick my lips. She takes off her shirt, and her bra. Her tits jut forward, being freed from the contraption. Her nipples are large and darkly colored.

I feel their eyes on me. My skin much paler then theirs almost like porcelain. My body curvy and voluptuous, my large breasts rising and falling with a quickness as my arousal builds. I spread my legs wide and crook my finger towards her. She smiles and comes forward slowly. I sit up on the bed, pulling her towards me. He gets off the bed, pulling a chair in front of the bed. He sits on it prepared to watch for a while.

She falls into my arms, her skin is so soft, and smells of apples. I roll her over, so that she is under me. I kiss her softly on the lips as I cup her tits, the pad of my thumb rubbing across her hard nipple. She arches her back, thrusting her tongue into my mouth, nibbling on my lip. I pull back slightly and slowly lick each of her lips, the tip of my tongue slowly gliding over each of them. I kiss along her jawline up to her ear. Suckling her lobe gently, biting it. I'm getting rougher because I'm very aroused. I start to bite on her neck, along her collarbone. Capturing her hard nipple between my teeth.

"Ohh... yess... bite me hardrrr." She moans, spreading her legs wide.

I bite harder on her nipple as I flick the tip of my tongue across the nub between my teeth. I slide my hand the curve of her hips, squeezing hard. Moving my hand around the top of her thigh, I cup her mound, pressing the palm of my hand against her slit. She begins to grind against my hand. Rubbing her clit, but not quite touching it. She rotates her hips and wiggles her body, trying to get me to touch her button. I look up at her face, her eyes are closed and forehead wrinkled in pleasurable agony. I grip her nipple with my teeth and pull my head up pulling her nub with me, in essence making her feel my teeth as it pulls out of my mouth. The way I'm laying across her places her knee and thigh between my legs. I start to rub my wet pussy on her leg. She moves her leg grinding it into my cunt.

"Tell me girl...what is it that you want? I want to hear you beg for me girl, tell me!" I demand in a husky voice.

"Touch me. Please touch me. Feel my wet pussy!" She moans desperately.

I hear him gasp from behind. I glance back and see him watching intently slowly stroking his cock. He bites his lip seeing her spread her legs wider. I slide my finger between her cunt lips, feeling her wetness. I use my index and ring finger to spread her lips wide and finally touch her clit quivering clit with the tip of my middle finger, pressing gently, but not moving it. 

"Ahh... yes that's it. Mmm yeah!" She moans, bucking her hips.

"Thats's it girl, tell me what you want." I tell her as I begin to rotate my finger slowly.

"Mmm... yes make that girl cum, I wanna see you eat her pussy. Is my naughty cocksucking tease going to me a pussy eating tease too?" He moans. beginning to stroke his cock faster.

"Yess, please eat my cunt you tease, like he said!" The girl begs, grinding her cunt on my finger.

I smile at him, and slide off of her leg. My pussy is so very wet at this time, I just love to be talked to like that. I pushed her up further on the bed, so I could get on the bed with her. I got on my knees, pushing my ass high, giving him a beautiful view of my cunt as I ate hers. I used the same finger to push deep into her pussy. I bent my head to her cunt. Her smell filled my nostrils, still a faint scent of apples, but more of a musky scent. I licked each of her lips slowly, familiarizing myself with her taste, it was stronger now then it was before.

"Mmm, your pussy tastes so good girl, so very good." I moan raising my had to look at her.

I glance behind me; he is now standing by the edge of the bed watching me closely as I bend my head back down. I slip my tongue between her lips, my tongue flicking across her engorged clit. He reaches out and places his hand on my upturned ass, kneading it gently. My tongue starts a little game with her, the alphabet game. I begin with the letter A. As I start to draw the letter A on her clit I slide a second finger into her love tunnel, pushing them hard and deep.

The object of this little game is that I have to continue to draw the letter until she says a word starting with that letter. Slowly I move the tip of my tongue, pressing hard I draw the letter A. She digs her heels into the bed pushing her pussy in my face. He has now let his fingers trail down the crack of my ass and was pressing gently against my backdoor. I moan, moving my fingers fast pumping her pussy. Still moving my tongue slowly, keeping her on the edge of orgasm. Finally after about five tries she gets it.

"Awesome, mmm yes awesome." She moans loudly.

I suck her clit gently showing her she's got it. He is now sliding his finger up and down my wet slit. I push my cunt against his hand. I almost forget the game as he begins to finger my clit, pinching and rolling it in his fingers. I feel her fingers in my hair, pulling roughly, making me pay attention. I continue with the letter B.

"Breathtaking!" She gasps, rotating her hips.

I feel the bed dip behind me, as he sits on the bed. He kneels behind me, parting my lips wide and slams two of his large fingers deep into my pussy.

"Oh god yes, captivating, mmm yesss." She moans, bucking her hips.

I have to hold her down so I can continue, but I'm not sure how long I can if he keeps fucking me with his fingers. I raise my head moaning.

"Ahh yes that's it big daddy, fuck me with your fingers. Stretch my cunt for your huge cock." I moan, pushing my back on his fingers.

"That's it bitch, take it all!" He moans, adding a third finger, pushing them deep.

I move my head back down to her gaping cunt, licking and sucking her clit, pushing a third finger into her.

"Yes...dominating!" She squeals, pulling my head closer.

"Ahh yes, dominating." He growls, slapping my ass hard, rubbing then slapping, still fucking me with his three fingers, stretching my cunt.

He moves his head down between my legs, chewing on my clit. Pinching it between his teeth. Making me totally forget all about the game. I just start licking and sucking her clit, slamming my fingers deep into her snatch. All three of us so close, losing control. He removes his fingers and crawls behind me, rubbing his massive cock up and down my slit. I bite her clit hard and he pushes all of it deep into me with force. She squeals, I moan, he growls.
