 This story will make more sense if you have read the previous Cynthia stories, particularly the last one 'Cynthia Tricked onto a Treat.

***

It had been a month since Cynthia's first threesome experience with myself and Alain. She had just started to ask for the black dong again, now that the memory of the real thing was fading. 

She had told me that she had other ideas that she had fantasised about but had refused to tell me what they were until she had given me the surprise that she was planning for me. 

Despite my pushing her, she would give me no idea of her plans so I let it go. I guessed that I would find out in due course. 

*** 

It was late on a Wednesday evening when I returned home from a few days away on business. Cynthia had held dinner until I was home so that we could eat together and catch up. 

Over the meal she gave me a brief update on her week, and then we got onto general chit chat. 

"Anything else interesting happening?" I asked. 

"Well, Jane and Keith are going to the States in a couple of weeks and have asked if we would mind keeping an eye on the twins while they're away." 

They are our next door neighbours, they have twin boys in their late teens, nice kids but I could understand that they would like the peace of mind of someone being around for them. 

"Oh, and the other thing that I meant to tell you is that Sara has invited herself down for the weekend, you don't mind do you darling? I haven't seen her for absolutely ages and it would be great to catch up!" 

Now, I have to admit that I didn't mind at all. Sara is an old university friend of Cyn's, she has a similar curvaceous body, but has long dark hair and a lovely tanned complexion. I think she must have Italian blood somewhere in her not to distant ancestry. Anyway, having her around for a couple of days would be a pleasure! 

"Is she bringing Colin with her?" 

"God no, that all finished ages ago, she's a free agent again now, it will be fun to see her again, you don't mind do you?" 

"No, course not! I'll book somewhere for dinner on Saturday." 

*** 

Sara arrived early on Friday evening in a flourish of kisses, hugs and lively chatter. 

She was still looking just as vivacious as I remembered, and I had no idea how she had managed to get into the jeans that she was wearing, they really did look as though they had been sprayed on. 

After dinner, the girls were chatting away non stop, I could hardly get a word in so I decided to leave them to it and retire to the pub for an hour to give my ears a rest. 

I arrived home just after ten thirty to find them still at it! I went into the kitchen and poured myself a drink. Judging by the empty wine bottles on the side, they were way ahead of me. I joined them for about thirty minutes, but decided that they were in for the duration so I eventually decided to retire early. Giving them both a kiss goodnight, I made my way up to bed. 

It must have been a few hours later when I awoke to hear the two of them giggling their way upstairs. 

Cynthia staggered around in the dark as she undressed, finally falling into bed. As she cuddled up, her hand slipped down to my cock. She gave it a few gentle strokes before letting out a contented sigh. I felt it starting to respond, but the next thing I knew she was breathing softly and sound asleep! 

*** 

The next morning I was up and out early. When I arrived back at the house around eleven I was surprised to find Cyn and Sara up and about, both full of the joys of Spring. They seemed to have recovered from last night surprisingly well. 

After a light breakfast they left to go to Cynthia's shop. I was told that Sara wanted something new to wear to dinner that night. 

As they left the house, Cynthia's parting words were; 

"Oh by the way darling, as we are dressing up tonight it would be nice if you could wear a suit!" 

With that they left. 

A suit! Not something that I would choose to wear for a comfortable evening, however, I was more intrigued by what the girls were planning to wear. I wasn't adverse to Cynthia dressing up and with Sara on my other arm I knew that I should make a bit of effort. 

*** 

By seven that evening I was sitting in the lounge, wearing a dark suit, drink in hand, waiting for the girls to come down. We were already a few minutes late and despite my prompting there was still no sign of them. 

Eventually I heard a few giggles and the clack of heels as they started to descend the stairs. 

I looked towards the open staircase as two pairs of feet appeared, this was getting interesting. 

A pair of black knee boots with very high heels followed by a similar white pair. This was followed by two pairs of sexy nylon clad legs that disappeared into very short skirts. 

Finally I took in the whole ensemble. 

The girls had dressed in identical outfits, but Cyn was all in black apart from her radiant blond hair. Sara was the exact opposite, all in white topped off by her long dark hair, looking like a negative photo of Cyn! 

"Well darling, what do you think?" asked Cyn. 

"Wow, what can I say? You both look stunning, I can see why I had to make an effort now!" 

They both looked pleased with themselves as we made our way out to the car, and I was pleasantly surprised to find that they both made it obvious that they were wearing stockings as I held the door open for them to climb in! 

*** 

As we entered the restaurant all eyes turned towards the two exotic women, making me feel a bit like James Bond! 

We were ushered through to the lounge where we were surprised to find our neighbours, Jane and Keith with their twins, James and Justin. 

We sat close by, and as we studied the menu, I couldn't help but notice the two nineteen year olds stealing furtive glances at the amount of leg being shown by Cynthia and Sara. They looked reluctant to loose the view as they were shown to their table! 

Once we had finished the meal, I suggested that we call in at the pub on the way home, but Cynthia decided that it would be more relaxing if we went straight back and had more drinks in the house. 

*** 

We finally settled in the lounge with drinks and coffee. The girls were laughing about the expression on the twins faces in the restaurant. 

"Poor boys," laughed Cynthia, "I'll bet they'll be having wet dreams tonight!" 

"Sara laughed, "It's a shame really, all that hard young cock going to waste! Still it's a good job we've got James to keep us happy!" 

I wasn't quite sure what she meant by that so I kept quiet. 

"Shh!" Cynthia hissed, and then giggled, "I haven't told him yet!" 

"Told me what?" 

"About your surprise darling." 

"Surprise, what surprise?" 

"Well, you know after Alain and everything, I said I would have a surprise for you, well, ...how can I put this? Well basically, you're sitting next to her!" 

I looked at Sara with what must have been the dumbest expression on my face. 

Sara looking back at me with wide sparkling eyes and an expectant grin, moved towards me. Her hand slid slowly up my thigh as she looked into my eyes. 

"You can cope with two of us can't you darling?" 

"Well, I er." 

I was lost for words, never in my wildest dreams would I have expected this! 

Cynthia moved across and sat the other side of me, her hand slid provocatively up my other thigh, eventually resting lightly on my swelling cock. 

"Of course he can, can't you darling?" 

I felt a bit silly now, I knew that I could easily satisfy either of them with a good fucking, but both! I had never really thought about that scenario, could I hold back long enough to give them both what they wanted? 

Cynthia had loosened my Chinos and her hand had slipped in to pull out my cock. She started to stroke it gently as she instructed Sara to kneel between my legs. 

She obeyed and Cynthia pulled her head towards my cock. Licking her red lips expectantly as she stared down at it, Sara smiled. 

"Mmm, that looks lovely, I think that will do nicely!" 

I looked down in disbelief as my wife waved my cock in front of Sara's face before running it around her invitingly open lips. 

"There!" she said with satisfaction as my pre cum smeared Sara's lips. 

"That makes a nice natural lip gloss, don't you think darling?" 

This was something very new, I was going to enjoy this! Sara's mouth opened wide and her tongue flicked over my dome before Cynthia gently eased my twitching cock into her friends mouth. I gasped in delight as her head just kept going down over my cock until her pretty little nose was buried in my course pubic hair. As her head slowly started to bob up and down, I knew that I was in for a great evening! 

*** 

Five minutes later, I was stood stark bollock naked, legs apart as the two girls mouths were fighting over my cock. As I looked down at them, dressed only in stockings and boots, my cock had never felt so hard! I continued to watch in awe as Sara's mouth slipped from my cock. Running her tongue slowly down the shaft, she twisted her head so that could manage to take all of my balls in her wide mouth as Cynthia swallowed my cock. 

I tried to warn them that I couldn't hold back much longer with this kind of treatment, but that only seemed to urge them on! They positioned themselves so that my cock was pumping away with a hot soft mouth either side of it. 

This was too much for me, I knew that I was going to explode. 

I placed a hand behind each of their heads, gripping a fistful of blond hair in one hand and dark hair in the other. I pushed them both harder onto my thrusting cock, so it looked as though they were kissing each other as my cock pumped between their open mouths! 

"Oh Fuck!" I gasped. 

I felt my spunk begin to rise in a powerful torrent, this was it, I had to let it go! 

Looking down, I watched in fascination as streak after streak of my hot cum shot across their faces as they clambered to catch it in their mouths. 

I fell back in relief as I finished, but was then further surprised as they started to lick my cum off of each other's face! This soon progressed into a full on kiss as they passed my cum between them. 

"I think we'd better go to the bedroom!" Sara said, breaking away with a smile. 

"We need to get him revived, I need some cock inside me now!" 

*** 

In the bedroom I was instructed to sit on a soft chair at the end of the bed and watch for a while. 

Sara lay back on the bed with her legs hanging over the end as Cynthia knelt over her, lowering her pussy over her face as her head went down to lick Sara's pussy. 

They began to work on each other for a few minutes, writhing and groaning in pleasure. My cock had stiffened again now, as I began to realise that this wasn't a first for either of them! 

Cynthia finally came up for air, her face wet with Sara's juices. She smiled at me, 

"Come here baby." She mouthed. 

As I approached she took my cock into her mouth and began sucking hungrily. Satisfied that I was ready, she aimed my cock at Sara's pussy and then gently gripping my balls, she nudged me slowly into her hot friend. I started to fuck Sara slowly at first, but at Cynthia's instruction I began to build up the pace. A minute later and fucking Sara hard, I could hear her muffled groans of pleasure coming from between Cynthia's thighs as she continued to rub her pussy onto Sara's face. I thought that I had died and gone to heaven as Cyn occasionally pulled me out to suck me again, before plunging my cock back into Sara. 

This was such a turn on, being able to alternate at will between my wife's hot mouth and her friends hot pussy. 

As we continued, they changed places from time to time until I warned them that I couldn't hold back much longer! 

Cynthia took charge again, getting Sara to kneel so that I could fuck her doggy style while Cynthia lay on her back between her thighs, watching my cock pound Sara's pussy inches above her face. 

As she sensed the moment arriving, she started to urge me on. 

"Go on baby, fuck her hard, give her what she needs. That's it faster, faster!" 

Cupping my swinging balls, she called out; 

"That's it baby, go on, harder! Oh yeah, go on, that's it, pump her full of your hot cum, go on, fill the little tart up!" 

Hearing Cyn's lewd instructions was pushing me over the edge! I didn't need telling twice, so gripping her hips tightly, I slid her up and down my cock, controlling the pace as I felt the eruption building. Finally I let my balls empty a series of long hot torrents inside Sara, pulling her back onto me in time with each jet to ensure that she was taking it nice and deep! 

As I finished, she collapsed forward, slipping off of my cock and showering Cynthia's face with our combined juices, making Cynthia squeal in delight! 

*** 

The girls gave me a while to recover, but Cynthia was now keen for a share of my cock. 

Sara had an idea that might speed things up a little. Leaning over the bed to reach her bag on the floor (and giving me a lovely view of her bum and recently fucked pussy!) she produced a bottle of oil. 

She invited Cynthia to sit back to back with her, passing me the oil. 

"Right!" she began, "Pour as much oil as you can onto your hands and rub it all over our tits!" 

It sounded good to me! I knelt beside them so that I could easily reach them both. With my hands covered in scented oil, I reached forward and began to apply it liberally over their tits. 

Sara was right. As I began to play with two pairs of lovely warm, firm and slippery tits my cock sprang to life immediately. This girl knew what she was doing! 

In no time at all, I was on my back with Cynthia impaled on my cock as Sara ground her mushy pussy into my face. My hands were still free to continue massaging the selection of slippery tits above me, sometimes getting trapped between them as they leant towards each other to kiss. 

The night wore on as they swapped places time after time, keeping me trapped below them as they worked themselves to climax after climax. I was puffing dust by now, but my cock stayed hard which was all they wanted really! 

Eventually we all fell asleep in a tangle of limbs. When I slowly awoke next morning, I opened my eyes to take in the wonderful sight of two gorgeous, sexy woman tangled around me. I have to say, I felt like a king! 

*** 

By the end of the weekend, I was completely knackered. What a demanding pair! 

It was with a mixture of relief and sorrow when Sara finally kissed us both goodbye and drove away on Sunday evening. 

We decided to have an early night, and soon Cynthia was cuddled up next to me. 

"Well my lovely stud, did you enjoy your weekend? Was that one of your fantasies baby, having two hot women all to yourself?" 

I had to admit that it was something that I had never really considered before, but being the sex toy of two prime examples of 'posh totty' was something that I could get used to! 

"To be honest," I told her, "My main fantasies have always been about seeing you take a lot of cock!" 

"A lot, darling! What do you call a lot, do you mean more than two? You already know that I can handle that, after the session with Alain!" 

"Well, maybe. As much as you want really, whatever it would take to make you feel totally fucked out! Why?" 

"Oh, nothing really." she said quietly. 

"It's just that I have been having a few naughty thoughts along those lines myself!" 

"Oh really! What have you been thinking then? 

Cynthia blushed. "We'll, it's just,...it's only a fantasy, nothing that I want to happen for real of course! 

"Of course! ...So, ... what is it then?" 

Cynthia now had hold of my growing cock, she began to wank it gently. 

"Well, I have just been thinking how I might manage if I had three ...or maybe even four cocks, all hard and wanting me! Oh darling, is that awful? Are you disgusted with your wife for having such dirty thoughts. 

As I pondered on the question, Cynthia vanished beneath the duvet. I felt her warm mouth close over my cock as she gently cradled my balls. Somehow, I just knew that she would find out exactly how well she would manage. One day. 

Soon I hope!