 Here's the story about David and my first bisexual encounter. I've exaggerated some, but it's basically true.

We were with couple named Rick and Jennifer. They had invited us over to Rick's parent's house who were gone on vacation. We had been camping with Rick and Jen a couple of times and had always found a secluded place to go skinny-dipping which David and I really enjoyed. Both Rick and Jen were very attractive and these naked encounters with them had become fuel for many many fantasies for us. David and I had had a few frank discussions about sex and both admitted to having fantasies about bi-sex. I'd only experienced a few light petting experiences with a girl friend of mine. David had participated in a few circle jerks with friends in college and one guy had even sucked his cock but that was all.

We didn't think that Rick and Jen were thinking about us in the same way. Yet, Rick was always pretty open about displaying himself in front of us as though he liked to show off. And Jen was very affectionate with both of us, always hugging us both and was very expressive with her hands. That, I'm sure is what turned me on about our friends.

Anyway, Rick's parents had a big house in the foothills that had a beautiful secluded pool. Naturally, it wasn't long before we all were naked and enjoying the pool and the sun. We were drinking wine coolers and frolicking around in the pool, playing games that naturally brought about quite a bit of physical contact. It wasn't long before I was really feeling very horny. After a while, Jen and I got out to sun on lounge chairs.

As we lay there, I noticed Jen kind of staring at me and when I looked over, she laughed as she said how much fun it was to have us over. I'm sure I was blushing as all I could think of to say that we loved being there.

Rick and David had gotten out of the pool and were messing around with the pool filter and stuff. They both had mild hard-ons that both Jen and I both noticed. David has a football players build and a better than average 7" cock. Rick was only slightly longer, but was also thicker. His lean build made his cock only stand out more.

Jen made a comment to me about how handsome and well built David was and I returned the compliment saying that I thought Rick was, well, a real hunk. Oh, was I ever feeling hot as I admired Jen's beautiful body. She suggested we go inside and refresh the pitcher. I gladly followed her. As soon as we were inside, she turned to me and gave me one of her usual friendly hugs saying again how nice it was that we were there. Well that did it and I practically melted in her arms. I squeezed her tighter and then she kissed me. It was a light lingering kiss as though she were testing to see if I were feeling the same as she was. I must have moaned my approval because Jen then kissed me harder. 

It was like a dream as Jen kissed me with more passion and we both began running our hands up and down each others bodies. She finally broke it off and smiling at me she led me over to the couch. As we sat down and we looked into each others eyes, she told me how beautiful she thought I was and we began kissing once again. Her soft kisses and even softer skin against my body had me almost writhing with the passion this moment made me feel. We kissed and embraced for at least ten minutes and soon I felt her hand on my pussy. I was very wet and as she rubbed her fingers in my wetness I felt the fire of my first orgasm. I touched her pussy lightly and soon had a finger lingering between her labia. She soon moaned and thrust her tongue deep into my mouth as I think she came as well.

We continued a slow passionate kiss when the guys decided to come in. Boy, were they ever treated to a sight. As we looked up at David and Rick, they both had grins a mile wide that showed their obvious approval of the situation. Rick started fondling himself as he blurted out something about how hot we girls were. David, noticing Rick playing with himself was soon doing the same as Jen then whispered to me that she had to taste me. She gave me a quick kiss and then she ran her tongue down my neck and began licking and sucking my breasts. It felt so wonderful. I love it when David suckles my breasts but Jen's soft kisses had me on fire. Soon, I was treated to an even more wonderful feeling as Jen ran her tongue down my belly and on down to my pussy. I've never felt such a beautiful feeling before as Jen lovingly caressed me with her tongue.

Rick and David decided to join us and soon I had David on my left kissing me and Rick on my right feeling my tits. I took hold of Rick's cock in one hand and David's in the other and did my best to try and give them a decent hand job but this was impossible with Jen giving me so much pleasure down below. She was alternately sticking her tongue inside me and flicking up to caress my clit. My pussy felt like it was on fire. David then went down and took my left nipple in his mouth. He sucked hard and it felt so good. I concentrated on jerking off Rick and I could feel some of his pre-cum lubricating my fingers. I rubbed his penis on my right breast and David, seeing this, stopped sucking me and stared at Rick's cock.

I wondered what Rick thought of this and I looked up to see him smiling and pushed his hips forward obviously enjoying the whole thing. Jen barely stopped her licking as she looked up to see what was happening and said,"Go for it guys!" I looked at David and could see plain lust in his eyes. And, thank god, Rick broke the ice and said something like, "Hey, Dave, I've seen you staring at my cock, why don't you help me out, here?" David still staring, face flushed red, licked his lips and all I could do was mutter, "Oh yes!" David tentatively leaned over, took hold of Rick's cock in his hand and jerked up and down as he continued to stare down at Rick's hardness. Then, he leaned down, flicked his tongue over the tip, and then took nearly half of Rick's cock into his mouth. Watching Rick's smooth shaft disappear into David's mouth put me over the edge and I held Jen's head firmly against me as she brought me to a thundering climax.

By the time I calmed down, David was bobbing up and down and obviously enjoying the taste and feel of his first cock. Jen traced her tongue up my belly and then watched Rick get sucked off. She smiled at me and I smiled back. She pulled me down toward the floor and I slithered off the couch causing David to pull up from Rick. But as soon as I was on the floor in a wonderful embrace with Jen, David was back at that cock with wild abandon. 

The pace quickened as Rick pumped his hips back and forth and David did his best to keep Rick in his mouth. Jen kissed me on the ear and whispered to me how hot she thought this was and I could only muster an agreeable moan. This must have set Rick off because he soon was warning David that he was going to shoot. That, to my surprise, only made David suck more. I wasn't sure if David would swallow at first, but it wasn't long before that question was answered as Rick pumped and groaning and I saw David's eyes become wide open as Rick was obvious shooting off in his mouth. Pretty soon, cum dribbled out the corner of his lips and I had another climax just watching all of this. 

My whole body felt like it was on fire and I decided I just had to taste Jen. I held her and pushed her down on the floor and got on top of her. Her smooth skin felt so wonderful against mine. I kissed her and stuck my tongue deep into her mouth. She sucked my tongue wetly and this made me even hotter. I began to trace kisses down her chin and her neck and soon was thrilled to have one of her beautiful nipples in my mouth. I savored it for several seconds, then found the other tit and did the same. Oh yes, this was such a magnificent feeling. 

Down further I slid again tracing kisses down her belly and then I reached her furry mound. I wasn't sure what to expect, but when I tasted her sweetness for the first time, it was like it was intoxicating. 

I thought of how David pleasured me when he went down on me and tried to do to Jen what I always loved David doing to me. I stuck my tongue deep inside her and then moved up to twirl around her clitoris with my tongue. I remember marveling in this new found feeling and how much I was enjoying my first taste of a woman. I began to lick and suck and tongue more quickly and soon I was rewarded with the wonderful experience of Jen's climax. I was so happy that I had gotten Jen to have a wonderful orgasm. I kissed my way back up her body and we shared another passionate kiss before falling off in exhaustion.

Soon, everyone was drained and a swim was in order. We spent a wonderful weekend trying all phases of bisexuality.