 Authors Notes:

To appreciate The D'Orgasmic Chronicles, one should have a familiarity with Cherry Takes on the NFL and The Screamer series. As these characters came to life, the stories demanded that they become combined into this series. I hope you will enjoy and I look forward to your feedback. 

Disclaimer: No celebrity appearances in this series are in any way to be considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around. 

*

"This brings back fond memories," Rose laughed as she and Wendy were lying out by the pool. 

"You're telling me," Wendy quipped as they listened to the uproar coming from Gary's office. They were almost two hundred feet away and the sound was intense. Raw, animalistic, guttural screams of wanton, unbridled sexual demands permeated the grounds.

"The amount of stress they are both under, I'm surprised they aren't louder," Debbie laughed as she pulled up to the pool in her golf cart.

Tammy, Tia, and Bobbi came out of the main house laughing at the sounds.

"Get over here," Rose smirked. "You're listening to the sounds that made all our lives so much better. Lick my pussy and let me revel in this bliss baby."

"Rose, you don't need to hear Holly and Gary to have a wet pussy and I'll lick you anytime you want," Tammy grinned as she sank between Rose's thighs and lovingly soaked her tongue into this Asian goddess.

Tia and Bobbi joined in and the women listened to the duo so much in heat.

"Your cock, dammit, I want your cock," Holly screamed. "I need it baby. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Yes you fucker. Shove that hard cock into me. I need you to fuck me hard. Oh, God yes, that is it. Stretch me. Make me scream baby. I want your hot cock everywhere. I'm going to ride your white ass like a bronco. Yes! That is good, so good, don't stop! Fuck me! I'm cumming baby!"

Wendy looked around and started laughing. Tia was lovingly licking her pussy and people were pairing off all around the complex in an unplanned orgy. Cocks were hard and pussies were filled as Holly, the resident loudspeaker, led the charge unintentionally.

Gary smiled as he split her drop-dead gorgeous body on the tip of his shaft. Her juices soaked his cock with the hottest, softest pussy possible. He smiled as her volume level increased. She had to be really stressed because she was exceptionally loud this morning. Her breasts heaved. Her nipples elongated deliciously and her pussy grabbed his cock hard with each thrust.

"Motherfucker, I'm cumming so hard. Fuck my hot cunt baby. Yes don't stop! Holy fuck honey. Yes, yes, yes baby, slam your cock into me. I need your cock, I love your cock, I live for your cock and you're going to give it to me harder, deeper and faster. Fuck me."

Gary slammed his steel into her dripping wet pussy and with each thrust; she screamed louder and squirmed harder. Her body convulsed on his cock repeatedly and he loved the way she rode him. What was supposed to be a serious business meeting had turned into a full-blown fuckfest in an instant. 

"You love my tongue don't you Debbie?" Bobbi asked. "I sure love your pussy."

Debbie smiled at her as her legs weakened and her stomach tightened. Bobbie was a sexual being who could and did create the most wonderful orgasms. Her tongue was magic and Debbie moaned as the first of many wonderful orgasms washed over her. 

"My ass needs your cock darling," Holly yelled. "Fuck my tight asshole and give it to me hard. Stretch my ass and give it to me deep. OH yes, ream me baby. I need your cock in my ass right now. Oh fuck, that is so good baby. Drive that cock deep inside me. You know what I like; you know what I need. Give it to me deep and give it to me fast. Make me cum so hard I pass out baby. Yes! Oh, God that is so good. I love it! I know you love my ass baby. Stretch my ass and give me what I need. I love your cock. I can feel every bit of it. Slam that cock deep into me baby. Yes!"

"That was what made me fall in love with him," Wendy cooed as Tia was lovingly licking her ass. "I was lying on Rose's floor listening to them in his bedroom. I think Rose was licking my pussy when she yelled that. I came so hard I almost fainted and I knew then and there that I wanted him for myself." Tia slid her fingers into Wendy's ass. Wendy positively went nuts and gushed all over Tia's lovely hand.

With each long stroke, Holly was cumming rapid-fire and her ass was inhaling his cock with a passion that surprised even her. She loved a cock in her ass but when it was Gary's, it was purely special. He was a concert pianist and she was his Steinway. He could play her and bring her experiences by far, beyond what any other man could do. 

"I adore you; I crave that cock every minute of every day. Oh baby, I'm cumming so hard. Yes baby, Do it, do it, oh fuck, DO IT!" she screamed.

And do it, he did. His hands held onto her hips as she bounded, jumped, and flailed on the hard shaft buried deep into her subtle body. She slammed her ass back onto him with a force that surprised him. It astounded him. He felt her tighten, clamping fully onto him as he slammed into her gorgeous ass. Her shrieks of joy hit decibel levels unheard of in civilized society.

"The next scream won't be from her," Tammy said as she looked up from Rose's lovely clit and laughed.

"Oh baby, don't we know it," Rose giggled. "It's going to get quiet for a few minutes and then look out."

Holly extracted herself and turned to him. Her body glistened with passion and she crushed her breasts against his hard body. Her arms snaked around his neck and she kissed him deeply and with a love so full and true that it took her own breath away.

She shoved him back onto his desk and her hands ran over his body, teasing and tantalizing him. Her breasts felt wonderful as they traversed his form; her nipples tickling him and pleasing him. She too could play his body as well as he played hers. She knew what really turned him on. Her fingertips traced his body, hitting those secret spots only a longtime lover really knew about. She kissed him deeply and spent time seductively sucking his tongue. This woman could raise the dead. She was a vamp, seductive in every manner. Bringing him pleasure was all that mattered to her. Her hands caressed him as she worked her way to his very rigid, engorged manhood and its two very full companions. He felt her breath, hot and sensual. His broad shaft twitched as her attention started to turn in that direction. She had the softest touch. Each contact designed to tease and to please. His cock twitched and she giggled.

Gary looked at her in awe. She was adorable. She was sexy and she was insatiable. What a combination he thought. He knew what was coming and he loved it. Her hands ran down his chest and her eyes locked onto his. She smiled as she stroked his body. Her nipples were so hard and her eyes twinkled as she caught him admiring them. She knew he loved her tits and he could and had over the years, sucked her nipples for hours. 

Her hands moved to his abdomen and her touch was feather-like and erotic. His cock twitched, swelled, and begged for her attention.

"Does my baby want me to wrap my lips around your hot, hard cock and swallow it?" she purred.

"Oh yes I do, I really need your lips wrapped around my cock and to have you suck me dry. You are without a doubt one of the finest cocksuckers I have ever known. I love it when you do me and please me darling. Nothing turns me on more than watching you open those pretty lips and take my cock into your lovely face. No one sucks cock as well as you do. You are such a sophisticated woman but when you have a hard cock in your mouth, you look so wonderfully slutty and that turns me on. I love watching you suck cock," he whispered.

"You know how to get and keep a girl wet don't you baby. Do I really look like a slut with a cock in my mouth?"

"You look like the most beautiful slutty cocksucker on the planet. I love it when your eyes roll up in your head and your breathing becomes ragged. You open your throat and let me face fuck your nasty slutty throat. The only thing better is when you are fully airtight and I am fucking your throat. You look like such a nasty, yet elegant whore. I love cumming down your throat."

Her eyes never left his. Her hands stroked his thighs and her body erupted in a massive orgasm as he talked to her this way. This was their secret and he played it to the max. She loved having him tell her how nasty she looked as she was fucking and sucking cock. Her body exploded non-stop as he told her all the devilish things she had done and how slutty she looked. Of all the ways he could make her cum, this was her true favorite.

Her hands came up the insides of his thighs and she touched his large bloated ball sack. He twitched. His cock swelled and a large dollop of sweet, clear, slippery love sat atop the massive shaft. She loved his cock. She could suck him forever and never quit. His balls fell into her hands and she caressed them gently. They felt full and heavy with the prize she demanded. She teased his balls and his cock twitched. The shaft pointed directly at her mouth. Her lips were glistening. Desire built as she looked into his eyes. She leaned forward to run her tongue over the tender flesh of his balls. 

"You're so good baby. I love this," he purred.

Her lips washed his balls and her fingers caressed his ass. The dollop grew and she was not about to waste it. Eyes locked, her lips opened and she wrapped them around his cock. Her mouth rewarded immediately with the first taste of his lust. She took him to the back of her mouth and allowed him to lubricate the opening of her throat. She wanted his balls in her mouth and his cock in her stomach. She wanted to eat this man totally. The deeper he got, the better her orgasms were as well. 

Her fingers caressed the pucker of his tight ass and she pushed him back onto the desk. She raised his leg and spread him wide. She loved his ass and she was going to eat that ass for all she was worth. Her tongue circled the tightness and her tongue flicked into him tentatively at first. He moaned. She drove her tongue deeper and he moaned again. She spread his muscular cheeks and opened him up. He relaxed and her tongue slipped deeper into him. He loved it when she ate his ass. His cock was twitching wildly as her tongue dug into him. 

She needed that cock. She moved to his balls, taking her index finger and placing the tip just under the head. She flattened her tongue and slowly, deliciously ran her tongue from his balls to the tip of his cock. His beautiful, carved, sculpted cock thrilled her as she tongue washed it, loved it and toyed with it. She really was a cocksucking slut and she loved it. She wanted to be the greatest slut imaginable. She wanted him to use her, She wanted him to feed her and she wanted him to abuse her lips, face, mouth and throat. God, she loved the thought of his cock slamming deep into her throat.

She released the head and his cock sprang right toward her face. Wasn't that a lovely sight? Strong, steel-like and velvet in texture, it was her favorite meal. This morning, she was going to have it her way. She opened her mouth and placed her lips over the slit. His precum was flowing profusely and she was hungry and greedy. She loved his flavor and made no bones about it. 

Her lips opened, eyes locked onto his as she fell forward, gazing deep into his eyes. Her nipples grazed his thighs and his cock descended into her warm, wanton mouth. Every ridge and vein thrilled her and her pussy gushed profusely. Holly could cum just thinking about sucking cock but actually doing it was paramount to turning on Niagara Falls. She took him fully into her mouth, never breaking eye contact.

"Do you know how nasty you look with that cock in your mouth? You are a gorgeous slut, so wanton and wild. Do you like that cock in your mouth woman? I love watching you suck cock. Can you swallow that hard cock? Can you whore?"

Her eyes glazed over, her lips trembled, and she never blinked. She leaned forward. He felt himself touching the back of her throat. She held him there, trembling and he knew she, herself, had just cum. Her eyes burned into his and he felt her throat open. She fell forward and he inched his manhood into her throat. She set the pace opening her throat to allow him entry. She trembled again and this time it was much harder.

"Did you just cum slut? Did you just cum on my cock? Did you?"

She nodded.

"You're such a good cocksucker. Your throat is warm and wet and you look so nasty. Can you take all of it? Can you?"

She exploded dramatically and her lips fell fully onto his cock. Her eyes laser locked onto his and she saw the smile on his face. That was enough. She came again just holding his cock in her throat. She pulled him out and she fell back again onto him. She loved the feeling of his cock in her throat and she picked up the pace. 

He moaned.

She came.

He moaned again and her pace quickened. Her throat opened fully. She was lost in lust as she rose and fell on his manhood. She was better than great. She was phenomenal. He pounded her face; his balls slamming off her chin. She began to cum in earnest. This is what she lived for...a hard, strong cock filling her throat and balls bouncing off her face to boot. Nothing could make her cum harder than that. 

He reached down and grabbed her ears. She screamed on his cock. She was wrong. Doing this while he held her ears was the ultimate to her. She seldom gave up this kind of control but with him, she never worried. She loved him and he loved her. She was continuously cumming. Her legs were drenched, She flowed freely down her thighs. Nothing thrilled her more than this.

"What a world class cocksucker you've become my little harlot," he spoke as he fed her every inch of his cock. "I love your tongue as it washes my cock. Your throat is so talented. I love how you swallow my cock and massage it. Keep cumming darling. Cum on my cock, flood the floor and I'll reward you with such a huge prize my darling."

Holly lost it completely. She rattled around on his cock and she sucked and massaged it every way she could. Her body convulsed dramatically and her breathing nearly stopped. She gathered her composure and her fingers slid into his tight ass.

"Yes darling, fuck my ass with your fingers while you suck my cock. You know I love that."

She did. First, one finger then two and then three. She fucked his ass and swallowed his cock all the while she was beyond orgasmic bliss. She loved fucking him with her fingers or anything else she could find for that matter. He loved it and she loved doing him excessively. She began to massage his prostate and he jumped. She knew what he loved and she never failed to please him.

"You are such a great little whore. You make me feel so good. Are you ready for your prize darling?"

She never said a word. Her eyes said it all. She poured her heart and soul into it and she felt his body tense. His legs began to quiver, his breathing became ragged and his stomach tightened like an over tensed coil. 

"Fuck yes!" he screamed. "Suck it baby! Oh, God! Yes!" His body erupted.

She felt his balls lift and the massive load of his sweet, wonderful cum flowed from his balls. She felt his shaft swell over her tongue. When he erupted, he filled her throat and mouth with a huge sweet prize. Her body convulsed as he came and together, they lost all sense of time and space. This was one for the record books. 

She drank him down, savoring every delicious taste. Her senses heightened and she loved the taste of his cum. She swirled his cum around in her mouth, loving the flavor and the texture. She had no plans to waste a single drop of the love he had just bestowed upon her. 

He picked her up and pulled her to his lips. Their kiss was passionate, loving and he tasted his cum on her lips. They locked in a passionate embrace, hearts pounding; their bodies drenched in the lust they had just shared. They held each other tight as their breathing normalized. They kissed, touched, and embraced their shared intimacy, savoring the moment when the intercom came to life. 

"Ladies and gentlemen, the eagle has landed," Linda, announced.

A roar and applause erupted outside. Holly and Gary walked to the windows and burst into laughter. Everyone was naked and cheering them.

"Well, I'll be damned," Gary, laughed.

"Honey, everyone says I can wake the dead. I guess they are right."

"Okay you two. After that marathon, I figured you'd need nourishment," Linda said as she walked in with a tray of pastries and a pot of coffee. "You know what is great around here? You never know when an orgy is going to break out. We love you two."

"Thanks hon, this was supposed to be a serious meeting," Gary said as he poured coffee. "I'm curious, how did everyone know what was going on in here?"

"Congratulations Holly, you finally did it. You fucked his brains completely out of his head. We have a pool going. We're betting you make the evening news in Miami. We know they heard you in Daytona," Linda giggled.

"Ah, we weren't that loud were we?" Gary smirked.

"Of course not, what you heard was only a figment of your imagination," Linda laughed and left them to get to business.

"There are only six weeks to go before we open in Orlando. We have to finalize this today," Gary said. "I know you have looked at several options but we need to have a definitive answer today darling."

Holly sighed, "I've been holding off, hoping we'd have something positive but nothing has happened. As a result, I'm going to gamble on what we originally wanted. Mark may not like this but it's going to be The Country Girl Saloon and The Velvet Glove. Country Girl was a no brainer. Mark told me about the Velvet Glove after she was injured. I think it is the perfect name for a dance club."

"The Velvet Glove -- Orlando and The Country Girl Saloon -- Orlando it is then. The restaurant will be Holly's BBQ Diner and the Plazas will be The D'Orgasmic Plaza. Is that the final decision baby?" Gary asked her.

"It works for me. I just want only one thing. I want you to go to Las Vegas and get that woman. I don't care what you have to do. Get her to come back into the fold. If you don't, Mark will not be with us much longer. I am very worried about him."

"I am too dear, very worried actually. Let me see what I can do. I had the artwork done for all of the names on the short list. I like them, what do you think," he said as he handed her the signage illustrations.

"They are perfect Gary, I really love them. Everything is in place. Brenda has been amazing. She has the professional dancers hired and trained. She has the club dancers all trained as well. Red and Nancy are ahead of schedule and Jim has everyone trained on the computer systems. Linda is finishing the Orlando restaurant and she'll be heading to Las Vegas in three days to start on that one. Damn, you're going to have to cook again. Sorry darling."

"I'm happy as hell. Construction is going on all over the country. Shannon has the entire employee collections designed and they are in production. Ainsley has beaten her schedule and the new product line is amazing. We still have some store staff issues remaining. Other than that, we are in good shape. Brenda and Joy are getting everyone trained. We are almost good to go," he said. 

Jill buzzed him to tell him Lori was on the line. He kissed Holly and took the call.

"I need something from you darling, can you get me Loretta Lynn's private number? I would like to speak with her," he asked her.

Lori said she would make some calls and call him back.
