 Authors Notes:

Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series are in no any way to be considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around.



The early morning Las Vegas sun should not have been there but after her marathon lovemaking with Gary last night, she remembered they had made a mess of her room. She looked about and giggled softly. They had trashed it. The maids wouldn't be happy but they were used to this kind of a disaster. Gary had accomplished what everyone had deemed impossible last evening and together, they celebrated late into the night.

Mark was more than her business partner. He was her lover and her friend. Cherry was her lover as well and she damned sure was not going to lose her friendship ever again.

She lay in the soft early morning light and thought back over her life. She was a practicing attorney when she first met Mark Banner. Their paths crossed over a legal matter and she was impressed with the fact that he was all business. She was tall, blonde, and used to attracting every man that crossed her path. Mark was the only lawyer who looked her in the eyes and not at her tits. She respected that in him. He had just started his own firm and was building his reputation very fast. He had negotiated a huge contract for an NFL player and that information had spread throughout the professional athlete community instantly. 

Michelle was a competent lawyer and a natural born skeptic. She lived and worked in Las Vegas and was destined for senior partner status with her firm. That meant long hours with zero social life. She didn't mind, as most of the men she dealt with were not what she was seeking anyway. She smiled to herself as she remembered that, back then, she had no idea what she was seeking anyway.

Her dealings with Mark had been professional and friendly, albeit they held opposing opinions of a perfect outcome on the legal matter that had brought them together. Each time they met, her curiosity piqued more. Here was a handsome, intelligent man, who obviously had no problem attracting women. She wondered why he had never asked her out. 

Part of the legal profession demands fast tracked lawyers attend social events where they can network and become known. For Michelle, all that meant was she had to go to the "meat market" and spend hours fending off the trolls who populated those events. They were not her favorite things to look forward to however business demanded it. She attended an event that profoundly changed her life. The legal conference at Caesars was a necessary to attend event.

The cocktail party was a gala event and she was determined to show up, put in an appearance, and get the hell out of there as quickly as possible. Unfortunately, when you are a tall, gorgeous blonde in Vegas, you get noticed everywhere you go. Head turning when she walked into a room was normal but put her in a cocktail dress and whiplash abounds. 

She entered the room and headed to the bar. Most of the lawyers in her firm were there and she spoke to several of them as she waited to get a drink. While she was chatting, she heard a buzz go though the room, heads turned and looked at the entry. Michelle gawked at one of the most beautiful women she had ever seen. 

She recognized her immediately as possibly the highest priced fashion model in the world. She was on the cover of every major magazine. Michelle's eyes widened when she realized the woman was also on Mark Banner's arm. Mark looked over towards the bar and saw Michelle standing there. He said something to the woman he was with and they walked straight over.

Mark did the introductions and then smiled, "You look as happy to be here as I am."

""You have no idea," Michelle smiled. "It was either this or a root canal. This won out."

"Mark, you were right, she is not only beautiful, but she has a wonderful sense of humor," the lovely model said to him. "A lady could get jealous."

Michelle inhaled sharply at that comment. Obviously, she had become a topic of conversation. Mark excused himself and went to speak with Oscar Goodman.

"Mark hates these events. He told me about a lovely lawyer he is working with on some big deal. He said he hoped you'd be here. He said you were the only lawyer in town he felt at ease being around," the model told her. 

"That is quite a compliment. I barely know him. How long have you known him?" Michelle asked.

"I've known him since we were young kids. He and my employer are the best of friends. I was just getting started modeling and Mark was always around D'Orgasmic Lingerie. He was so kind and so much of a gentleman, even at that age. All I had experienced before was every man wanting to get me into bed. He was never like that. As a matter of fact, the 'three amigos' as the guys call themselves are the same. Gentlemen all, to the core. Gary Edwards and Jeremy Carter are the sons of the founders of D'Orgasmic. If you ever meet them, you'll know what I'm talking about."

"That surprises me. With your beauty, I would have expected him to be anxious to get into your pants," Michelle said.

"Oh trust me, he got there and in fact, they all did and I don't regret it a bit. They are just a cut above anything you could ever experience. Stick around him long enough and you'll find out. If he ever takes you to bed, it will be a day you'll never forget," she giggled as Mark made his way back to join them.

"So how did I become a topic of conversation?" Michelle asked.

"I received the paperwork you requested and I called to make an appointment. I learned that you were here so we decided to come and mingle. I figured you'd be here and bored to death," Mark grinned. "I can drop it by your office tomorrow afternoon if you'd like."

"Sure, that would be fine," Michelle, told him.

"Great, my work is done here. Would you like to join us for dinner Michelle," Mark asked. "I have reservations at the Top of the World. That restaurant is one of the best kept secrets in town."

"Oh I wouldn't want to intrude, but thank you anyway," Michelle said.

"Don't be silly," Cheryl, said. "I want to get to know you better. I never know when I'm going to need a good lawyer."

"Hey, what is that all about?" Mark laughed. "You have a great lawyer."

"Darling, lawyers are like shoes. A girl can never have enough of them."

Michelle burst out laughing. "Okay then, yes, I'd love to have dinner."

They had a lovely evening and they became friends easily. Michelle was amazed at the total confidence Mark displayed. He was refined and poised. He was funny and easy to be around. Cheryl had the bluest eyes she had ever seen and she was as down to earth as anyone could be. They said goodnight and Mark said he'd drop off the paperwork for her the next day.

Michelle didn't sleep much that night. Her head was spinning. She had had a great time, which, for her, was unusual. For once, she felt at ease and comfortable with them. She could be herself and she had let down the barriers she was so used to constructing. 

The following day, Mark delivered the paperwork but he didn't see her. She was in a meeting. He needed a drink and he headed to the Rio. He entered the Voodoo Lounge and was greeted by several of the waitresses. He had had a fantastic day so far. Business was coming in faster than he could have imagined. He had signed several major athletes this month. His morning meeting promised him another big name to add to his growing list later this week. At this pace, he was going to have to expand sooner than he had planned.

Michelle's secretary brought her the papers and left. Suddenly she was overcome by a sense of loss that she missed him. She left her office and decided she needed a drink. When she walked into the bar, she looked around and a smile spread across her lovely face.

"Are you stalking me Mr. Banner?"

Mark looked up and grinned. "I was here first, I do believe. Therefore, it is I who should be asking that question."

"I don't stalk," Michelle laughed as she joined him. "I'm sorry I missed you at the office. I wanted to thank you for rescuing me last night. I had a wonderful time. Cheryl is even prettier than she appears in print. You are a lucky man."

"Oh we are not an item. We are friends. We've known each other for years. She models for friends of mine. We've been friends since we were in high school."

"I got the impression that she was more than that."

"Oh, you mean 'Friends with Benefits'. I guess you could say that. We are close friends, lovers from time to time but most importantly, we are just old friends. I love her to death but I can never have her anymore than she can have me. You could say it is a perfect relationship."

"You are a complicated man Mark. Intriguing, but complicated."

He laughed and called for refills. They talked the night away. They told stories and laughed. He enjoyed her more with each passing minute. 

She saw a man driven, not to just succeed, but to be the best in the world at what he did. She respected that. She also saw another side of him that really pleased her. She saw a man who could be the epitome of professionalism and yet someone who really appreciated his friends and refused to grow up in many ways. It was quite charming actually.

He, on the other hand, saw a woman with high standards, drive, and an equal desire to succeed. He wasn't surprised to discover that she was quite athletic; her body betrayed that. She was elegant, refined and yet, like him, playful and funny. He learned she had many interests outside of law. She appeared to be a student of high fashion and her interests leaned toward the playful side of the fashion industry.

"At work, I dress to hide my sexuality. At home, I dress to make me feel good and sexy," she confided to him. "I don't have much of a sex life but I like to at least feel sexy at home."

"Memo to Mark," he smiled. "Introduce Michelle to Gary and Jeremy."

"Cheryl mentioned them to me. They are your best friends I'm told."

"Yes they are and I do hope you have a rather large closet."

"Someday perhaps," she sighed, "Not at the moment though. Recently, the partners invited to become a senior partner with the firm. There is a huge buy in. I'm not living high on the proverbial hog at the moment."

"Neither am I but that will change. I've had some fantastic success and it is bringing me clients faster than I know what to do with them. I couldn't do what you do. I am damned well never going to be chained to a desk in an office. The world is my office and I plan on seeing all of it."

"Mark, something tells me you'll do exactly that. Sounds like a fun way to practice law and have fun at the same time."

"Exactly my point! Let me ask you a personal question. When was the last time you actually laughed at work?"

"You want me to be truthful?" 

"Yes I do."

"The last time you were in my office, I laughed a lot. I never laugh at work. I'm all business. If I even smile around those people, they take that as a green light to hit on me. I walk around like a woman with a pole up her ass and a gnarly look on my face. That is not who I am at all."

"No, I guess not. Somehow, I imagined you'd have a wonderful look on your face if you had a pole up your ass."

She burst out laughing. Her eyes suddenly twinkled and she slapped his arm. "You are so bad, so very, very bad Mark Banner. I can't believe you said that."

"Hmm, I've been told quite the opposite frankly."

"Oh really, well are you going to fish or cut bait Mr. Banner."

He paid the tab, and asked the question, "Your place, or mine?"

The next morning, Michelle woke in her own bed. She couldn't get the smile off her face. She had just had the night of her life and every part of her body tingled. That man had made love to her. He had done things to her she had only dreamt of. She had lost count of the number of times she had climaxed. She knew that if she took all of her previous sexual encounters and added them up they wouldn't equal what she had experienced in their first hour of lovemaking. That was just the beginning. They made love for hours. His touch was amazing and the hunger this raised blew her mind totally. 

She had poured him a drink and looked at his amazing body, naked on her sheets. She devoured him and reveled in the hardness and silkiness of his wonderful cock. When he came, she drank him down and vowed to herself that her search had ended. 

Mark loved the look of this spectacular woman. Her body was everything he knew it would be. She was elegant... tall, strong, and built like a goddess. Her breasts were fantastic, her hips drove him crazy, and her pussy was so wet and wanton. She was a prize to be sure. He sipped his drink and smiled.

"What? What are you thinking Mark?"

"I'm thinking I should have done this before now. You are so much more than I thought you'd be and believe me, I had very high expectations to begin with. You've surpassed my wildest expectations Michelle. Wow!" 

"I feel the same way. My body is having a tough time processing what just happened."

"Well dear lady, please don't think I'm finished. My friends and I have this thing. We won't fuck a woman until we've made love to her first. You've had the first part of that. Are you ready for the second part?"

"Oh yes! I sure am," she cooed as she threw herself on top of him. Their lips met and the hungers erupting between them were impossible to describe. 

Mark ravished this lovely woman. Their bodies became one and they fucked like minks. He had found areas that brought very explicit responses. He used each area incrementally to take her to new, delicious heights of pleasure. His hands caressed her and his cock opened her repeatedly. 

She screamed with pleasure as he brought her wave after wave of the most delicious pleasure. He knew more positions than she ever thought possible and she loved every one of them. His cock bore a talent that was probably illegal in every other state but Nevada. 

He fucked her face and she showed him that she was just as good as he was. His cock was lovely and chiseled. She loved that. She took him, loved him, and he rewarded her with a full load of sweet cum. She knew he had instantly become addicting. 

He positioned her so he could see her face in her mirror. When his cock opened her ass and slowly sank inside, the look on her face was inspirational. She was an anal virgin until that night. He took his time. He taught her how to relax to accommodate him. Her ass was so tight and yet, with his soft words and instructions, she opened up to take him in. His soft touches and the incredibly sexy words he spoke relaxed her as he patiently filled her. It was, at that moment, she knew, he owned her heart and soul.

The gentleness faded and raw animalistic wails filled the air as Michelle learned, that night, exactly what truly being fucked senseless was all about. She learned she had places on her body she didn't know existed. They hurt from the rapid-fire orgasms this wonderful man had given her. She craved his body and she loved his cock. She repeatedly sucked him and took him deep into her throat. She massaged his rigid shaft with her tongue. She milked his last drop of cum with feelings that she would never forget.

She knew she had found a treasure and she was greedy. This one wouldn't get away.

He stirred at the smell of fresh brewed coffee. She handed him his cup and kissed him sweetly.

"Thank you Mark, last night was truly amazing. I'm sorry I passed out. I didn't want it to end." She kissed him again and put her head on his shoulder.

"It doesn't end here Michelle. I mean it doesn't have to end at all. That is up to you. By the way, would you do me a favor?"

"Sure, what do you need?"

"How soon can we wrap up our business?"

"I just have to get those papers signed and we are done. Why?"

"Get them signed as soon as possible please. It is very important to me that we wrap this up quickly."

"I'll take care of it immediately. Oh, damn it. Look at the time. I have to get to the office," she smiled. She kissed him and moaned. She seriously thought about calling in but she knew she could not do that.

She called him later that day to tell him their business was completed.

"Good, if you're up for it, I'm cooking dinner tonight," he told her.

"Are you telling me that you cook too? This just keeps getting better and better."

"There are lots of things about me that you don't know yet," he laughed. He gave her his address and she agreed to dinner.

They had a lovely dinner and a few hours of serious talking. The next morning when she dressed for work, she told him she had made her decision. She kissed him and told him she would see him later that day. She drove to her office, walked into the managing partners' office and handed him her resignation effective immediately.

Now, many years later, Mark had become her best friend, her fabulous lover and she had become a part of his close loving family. Their success was astronomical, their wealth beyond belief and their lifestyle surpassed anything imagination could conceive.

Her bedside phone rang. 

Michelle leaned over and kissed Gary good morning. Jackson had called to say breakfast was almost ready. Gary jumped in the shower. When he walked into the dining room, Mark and Cherry were just arriving. They were both smiling and that was positive.

Mark drank his first cup of coffee quickly and he yelled at Jackson to bring more coffee.

"I'm coming Mark," he yelled back.

"Sheesh, he's at it again," Cherry giggled.

Everyone burst into laughter. Jackson walked in with a huge grin on his face. "Gotcha this time sweetheart," he laughed. "I've missed that smile of yours."

Over breakfast, they started to bring Cherry up to speed on everything that had transpired since January. She was flabbergasted. Gary explained about the dancers and that he knew that Cherry was not into country music. As a result, he had selected her to do the Clubwear/Sexywear catalog. He also told her that she had a bookend in Orlando who could be her twin. He explained what Ronnie's part in this operation would be. He also explained that Ronnie and Cherry would be the lead dancers in the professional touring troop.

"I dance, but I'm not a professional dancer the way you want me to be. I always wanted to but it never happened," she said.

"That is why you are going to Orlando today. We have a very limited time schedule. We are going to run you ragged for the next couple of months. We have to stop in Dallas and then we have to get you back. Brenda is waiting for you," Gary explained.

"Who is Brenda?" Cherry asked.

"Brenda Lutz is the woman who is going to get you up to speed on the dance routines," Mark told her. "She is a dear friend and an excellent dancer and choreographer."

"The only Brenda Lutz I've ever heard of was very famous on Broadway," Cherry said.

"One in the same darling," Mark smiled. "Brenda is Gary's next door neighbor." He then went on to explain everything about Brenda to Cherry.

"Okay, who is Jill and why haven't I heard about her before?" Cherry asked.

The next thirty minutes Mark and Gary explained who and what Jill was. Cherry laughed and shook her head. "You two really do live up to your reputations don't you? Jeremy lives in Thailand. That is where you were going that morning wasn't it?" 

"Yes dear, I had just learned about the bombing. Honey, it was a day, neither of us needs to relive. The only thing that is important now is that you are here and you are safe. Just know that I love you with all my heart and so does many people you haven't even met yet. Anyway darling, you are going to be busy. Throw on some shorts, I need to show you something," Mark told them.
