 Authors Notes:

Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series are in no any way to be considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around. 

*

Jill had Cherry up early. They had left to go to the plant. Shannon was waiting. She measured Cherry and showed her the entire product line. Cherry looked at one dress and told her she already had it.

"I know hon. The minute I had your measurements faxed to me, I altered it and the next thing I saw you on the Red Carpet with Mark. I was so happy. Usually, I want to have you here to make sure I got it right. I'm getting better in my old age," she laughed.

"Old age my ass," Cherry smirked. "You are gorgeous. I'm thirty-three, how old are you Shannon?"

"We are the same age darling, we are just coming into our stride according to Brenda, Holly and Red. If that's the case, we have many wonderful adventures ahead of us. Mark tells me there has never been a woman to trip his trigger like you do. Until I met you, that kinda upset me. Now I can see why. You're delicious. I can't wait to taste you myself."

"Well darling, you had better be there tomorrow night. Apparently, I'm being 'certified'. I can't wait to taste you too," Cherry said as she leaned over and kissed Shannon passionately. "Dammit girl, you're fucking hot. Hold that thought, I have to get together with Brenda. I'm way behind the curve."

"You have a date darling," Shannon grinned.

"Is Gary always this straightforward? I mean, I just knew there was no saying no to him. He and Mark are different in that way. The way I saw it was that he was more concerned with having me work for him than for me getting back together with Mark," Cherry said on the drive back home.

"Yes, he is always that direct but you're wrong about this. No one knew what your true feelings were toward Mark. We were all hoping and praying that we were right. It was far more important to get the two of you back together than it was for you to be our model. That is the truth. Mark means more to us than you could ever know. We saw how much he was hurting and we knew how much he loves you. That was the only priority. To us, the rest was secondary," Jill, told her.

Cherry sighed and then smiled broadly, "That is good to know. I can be a real bitch at times Jill, I'm working on it." 

"We are right here and we will help with whatever you need. Cherry, we've all welcomed you into this family. We are a very strange group of people. We aren't related but we love each other more than any family ever does. There is nothing you can ever ask for that we can't get for you. Money is not a barrier for anything. These three men are wealthy beyond your wildest imagination. Hell, I just found out how much I am worth and it blew me away. Oh, speaking of that, don't be alarmed when I jump Mark's bones and fuck the daylights out of him. I'm going to be doing that a lot anyway but after what he just showed me, I owe him one for the record books."

"Why Jill, what did he do?"

"Mark handles all of my money. You'll probably never touch your own money. You are on a full expense account. The money you make will be invested and he may just be better at making money than he is in bed."

"I doubt that," Cherry laughed.

"After Gary insisted I move in here, I made the comment that I felt like I was living like a millionaire. Mark informed me that I was a multimillionaire already. I had no idea. He had been buying me gold every week for the last eighteen years. I knew I was well off but I had no idea Mark had turned my money into over one hundred million dollars. I almost passed out when I found out."

"Wow, I would have been speechless; that is amazing!" Cherry exclaimed.

"It doesn't matter who you are, if you're part of this family, he takes care of you. That is just the kind of man he is. The three of them are without a doubt, the three best men you'll ever meet in your life. They will love you, make love to you and they will fuck you senseless but, more importantly, they will protect you with their lives."

Jill explained Jeremy's predicament and Cherry understood. She went on to tell Jill how pissed she was when she found out that Mark had a lot of money. 

"He never once said a thing to me about that. All that time he was just a man who happened to be some kind of lawyer who I found to be a very likeable man. Then we go to Hawaii and I find out he has a private jet. I arrive in Las Vegas and discover he lives in the greatest bachelor pad on earth. I was pissed. Then I realized he wanted to make sure I felt the way I did because of him and not because of his money."

"If the shoe was on the other foot, wouldn't you do the same thing?" Jill asked.

The gates opened and they pulled onto the property, "Yes, I guess I would."

"What the hell is it like to have more money than you could ever spend? I can't imagine what that is like."

"Cherry," Jill said as she parked her car, "Everyone is screaming about the rich and how they have to pay their fair share. Some of them deserve it. Others, like Gary and Mark, are investing almost one billion dollars in the next year to improve the lives of nearly nine thousand people. Counting the construction firms, that number doubles but when it is over nine thousand permanent jobs will be created. Who knows how many careers will be launched. They aren't borrowing a dime to do it. They are putting people back to work in spite of the current administration. Every one of the people you have met were working as waiters and bartenders when Gary and Holly met them. They were all graduates of Le Cordon Bleu. They were either Chefs or in restaurant administration. None of them could get a job. Gary met them. They became friends and then Mark met them and a plan developed to put them to work and give them a way to make a phenomenal income. Mark and Gary did this. No one else was involved, just them."

Ut oh, the teacher is waiting," Jill laughed as Brenda was waiting for them. "I'll see you later."

The rest of the afternoon was spent with Cherry learning several of the dance routines. Brenda was a good teacher and Cherry a terrific student. Cherry was two weeks behind and the rest of the dancers were very helpful. Initially, she and Ronnie worked with her at the studio and the rest of the dancers watched. Her body was athletic and her sense of presence on stage was a fabulous asset. Once she was comfortable with a routine, the rest of the dancers would join in. Brenda was a taskmaster and she demanded perfection. She always got what she wanted.

Gary called Gina and Brianna over and gave them a list of cities they had to fly to tomorrow. "I want you two to wear your Thailand uniforms. I want you to tease the piss out of those three but don't go near them until they've 'certified' Cherry. I seriously want you to tease the living crap out of them though. Do not tell Cherry anything about this."

The first day of Cherry's training had gone well. Linda called over to tell them that dinner was ready. They walked over and Jim handed them a drink. A tall, handsome man was talking to Gary when they walked up. He turned and kissed Brenda warmly.

"Hello Pierre, you sexy hunk of man, how are you?" Brenda smiled.

"Damn girl, you just get sexier every time I see you. I'm well darling. Unless I am very wrong, I think I am looking at a legend. You must be Cherry. I am Pierre Langlois, Gary's head photographer. Ronnie told me she looked like you but wow, the similarities are amazing. It is going to be fun working with you."

"Oh don't listen to him darling," Gary laughed, "He's constantly horny."

"Well, we can't have that, can we?" Cherry laughed. "Someone had better get this man a woman."

"I'll volunteer," Rose yelled. "Oh hell, yes I will."

Gary cracked up at that. He leaned over to Cherry and whispered, "Pierre is hung like a horse but be careful, he's a real ass man."

"I love it," Cherry murmured as she kissed Gary warmly. "It just keeps getting better all the time. I love your women Gary. They are wonderful. What time is Mark getting in?"

"We'll leave for the airport after dinner. I talked to him a while ago. He had been airborne for about an hour at that time. He has something to show you at the airport. Michelle, Dani, and Lori are coming here. You're going to be here for about a month and he's moving his operation here. Get used to it. This is one of your homes anyway. He's here almost as much as he's in Las Vegas. We are going to be very busy and he wants to spend as much time with you as possible."

"I take it you're handling me with kid gloves huh?"

Gary looked at her and wondered, "Why would you say that?

"I was told you're more conservative than Mark is. Obviously you think I think you are evil."

Gary sighed and poured her a Rum Runner. "Cherry, I don't know what to think. I can tell you something about Mark and myself. We are never going to change our opinions no matter what anyone says. We are both independent. We are actually quite Libertarian by nature. We want less government. We want to be left alone to make our own decisions. We are smart enough to make a lot of money and we've never hurt a single person based on what we do. We don't need an idiot in Washington, who has never had a job, never done a business deal in his life, to tell me how to run my business."

"I started watching Fox News when I got to Las Vegas. We never had it back home. Some of their people on there are interesting. That O'Reilly guy makes sense. He keeps talking about $16 muffins and I'm sorry, I just don't understand that."

"It's simple Cherry; this country has to borrow 40% of the amount we spend every single day from China. The Democrats want to spend more and tax the rich more. That is you and I. They refuse to quit spending money. The Justice Department had a meeting and they ordered 250 muffins for the meeting. They paid $4,000 for the muffins. That is $16 per muffin. That is insane. That is just one example. Anyway, I want you to know if you see or hear things you want to talk about, I'm always here for you."

"I know one thing, you're not evil. I'm opening my mind a bit," Cherry said.

Dinner was excellent. Holly looked to Gary for his approval. The Country Fried Steak was delicious. "Linda you're hired," he yelled.

"Hot damn! Does that mean I get paid money now instead of just great sex?" she laughed.

"Yeah, you're cut off from the sex now," Gary giggled.

"Fuck this, I quit. If you're not going to fuck me, there is no reason to stay around here," she sulked.

Gary grabbed the keys to the Maybach and they headed to the airport.

"Now this is one hell of a car," Cherry marveled at the pure white leather interior. "I've never seen one like this in my life."

"What's up with that? Did the Little Deuce Coup blind you Cherry? Mark has the same car in the same garage in Vegas. I haven't driven this in a while. It is a little ostentatious for my liking. I love cars and I have many great ones but I only use this occasionally. I usually use this one when I am going to a premier or a fashion show."

"Why drive it tonight?" Cherry asked.

"Michelle is coming. I need a big trunk," he laughed. "Actually there are three more cars going too. Women don't pack light."

"I noticed Mark has a lot of clothes in his suite already."

"Cherry, that has been his suite for twenty years. I know if you go through there, you'll find jeans he wore as a teenager. He never throws anything away. He is a bigger pack rat than I am and that is saying a lot," he said as he pulled into the hangar.

"Wow, would you look at that jet," Cherry whispered. "That is the sweetest jet I've ever seen. I imagine Mark would love that one," she said as she looked at Gary's G650.

"It is pretty isn't it," Gary said. "That is the new Gulfstream G650. That is the top of the line; I bought it from the Greek Government a few weeks ago. The liberals spent Greece into bankruptcy and I was able to get a fantastic deal on it," he said as Jack taxied up to the hangar.

"Ohmigod, there is another one of them. How sweet is that?" she purred. Jack positioned the plane so the ground crew could put it in place. 

The door opened and the ladder came down, "Well, what are you waiting for, go see your new jet," he grinned. She ran from the car and up the steps onto the jet. 

"Ohmigod, this is amazing. Look at this leather. It is so soft. I love it," she yelled as she ran into Mark's arms.

"You like it apparently," he grinned as Gary walked onto the jet. 

"I think she likes it Gar," Mark, laughed. "I know I do. Jack is wondering why I have him employed. I fly it more than he does."

"Jeff said the same thing to me," Gary laughed.

Gary kissed Michelle and Lori hello. Michelle grabbed Cherry and took her into the bedroom. She closed the door and all they heard was uproarious laughter coming from the bedroom.

The intercom chimed, "Orgasm One is ready for take off, Cherry, you've been warned girl. You go in there with her, you know what is going to happen," Tom snickered.

"Nothing ever changes does it," Gary laughed. 

"Gary told me they bought them from the Greek government. Are these things standard," she said as Michelle put the bar back in the ceiling.

"No dear, we had them installed when we had the electronics installed a couple of weeks ago. I knew you'd get a kick out of that."

"If you're under the bar darling, I'll get more than a kick out of it," Cherry said as she kissed her. "I've missed you Michelle."

Gary threw Mark the keys and they headed for home. Linda had dinner ready for them and everyone else was relaxing. After dinner, Pierre met with Cherry and told her how he was going to do the catalog shoot. He explained the video they were shooting as well. Cherry liked the video immediately.

"That's my little exhibitionist," Mark grinned. "I knew she'd like that part a lot."

"I noticed you seem to have developed an appetite again," Gary smiled. "I am so glad to see that."

"You'll find out tomorrow night," he laughed, "I am going to need my strength and so are you."

"We're going to need our strength, wait until she sees the surprise we have in store for her. Throw Pierre into the mix plus, we have all the professional dancers here and they need to be 'certified' as well. Brenda hired three of the Dallas Cheerleaders. She told the other two that they would be hired for next year. She didn't want to fuck up things with the team by taking them all this year."

"Wait a minute, are you telling me that we have three Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders on the payroll?" Mark asked.

"Yeppers, we sure do." 

"Well, this will be a first for me. I can't tell you how many times I've wanted to but didn't dare," Mark grinned.

"Come on, let me pour you a drink," Gary said as he and Mark walked outside. "I am going to shove this up the guys' asses. I told Gina and Brianna to wear their Thailand uniforms tomorrow when they go to pick them up. I told them to tease the living shit out of them as well. They won't fuck my pilots huh?"

Mark was laughing so hard he could barely drink. Gary saw the three cheerleaders and called them over. "Mark, you remember Ann, Gillian, and Elaine don't you? We met them at Billy Bob's."

"Aha the lovely Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders, hello," he said as he noticed they were observing house rules. "God you are gorgeous."

"Hi Mark, it is good to see you again. Thank you again for this opportunity, we are so excited to be here," Ann purred. "We are particularly excited about tomorrow night. All the Cheerleaders want to do you and from what we've found out, none of them ever has. We're going to be the first."

"Ann, this will be a first for me too. All these years, I've wanted to do every one of them but I never dared try. I like this. I like this a lot."

"Do you want us to wear our uniforms? We have them if you'd like."

"I don't give a fuck what he says," Gary grinned. "I definitely want you to wear them. That has been my fantasy all my life. Ohmigod, definitely wear them."

"That settles that," Mark grinned. "He's not the only one who has had this fantasy. I have a feeling tomorrow night will be memorable for many people."

"You mean the ones with dicks?" Elaine giggled. 

"Not necessarily," Gary said as Mark reached for the phone and Gary excused himself to find Gina.

Mark told Ainsley what was happening and told her she had to be in Orlando tomorrow. 

Gary walked back and took the phone. "Gina will pick you up at 2pm. Wear your Thailand Pilot Uniform darling. You have three cities to hit before you get here. Do not play with the men you're going to be picking up. They are going to try to charm the pants off you but they have to do Cherry first. Darling, you had better be horny because we have a treat for you. Nope, you'll find out tomorrow night. Love you. See you tomorrow."

Ann, Gillian, and Elaine stood there shaking their heads. "You two definitely operate differently than the men we are used to being around. I am going to love this job," Gillian said. "Good-looking, handsome as hell and from what we've been told the best lovers a woman could ever want. We are paid to be here too. It just doesn't get better than this."

"Darling, there is good, better and best. Then there is oh my fucking God fantastic. You're looking at them right there," Holly said. "I don't care how gorgeous you are or how many men you've done, you've never experienced anything like these two men. You will find out and you will thank your lucky stars you were at Billy Bob's that night."

"Oh I almost forgot," Ann laughed, "Your cowboy still looks for you every night Holly. He says the same thing about you."

Gary and Mark laughed. "She definitely is unequalled," Gary said.

Cherry, Shannon, Pierre and Brenda returned to the bar. They had worked out the schedules for the catalog, the rehearsals, and the video. It was going to be tight but they were going to make it happen.

Cherry walked up to Mark, "Hello, my name is Cherry. I hope I might see you sometime. These people have me working a million hours a day," she said as she kissed him. 

Cherry turned to Ann, "Well, was I right?"

Ann laughed, "Yes Cherry, you sure were. Both of them demanded uniforms. You definitely had them pegged for that one dear."

"Hey, I love the Cowboys too. I want them for me too," she purred.

Linda came out with a tray of cheesecake for everyone. Tammy was flitting about making everyone laugh when she spotted them at the Tiki Bar. She ran over, breathless, "Where is Jim?"

"I haven't seen him in a while honey," Holly said. "What's up?"

"I feel an orgasm coming on and I wanted him to see it," she said as she kissed Gary and ran into the playroom.

Cherry was laughing so hard her mascara was running down her cheek. "That woman is priceless. I love her."

Brenda was hysterical, "All those years when you told me about her, I thought you were pulling my leg. Damn she is a riot."

"Yeah she is darling but she is also fantastic in bed," Mark said. "I thought the same thing until I met her. Now I'll believe anything he tells me."

Wendy walked out of the playhouse shaking her head. She walked to the bar and asked for a drink. "That damned Tammy. She ran in and pulled Jim off me and exploded on his cock. She kissed me, kissed him and ran off. I think she didn't want to interrupt either of you."

Holly burst out laughing, "What did Jim do?" 

"What could he do, he gave her a wild orgasm and then came back and finished me off. He's such a gentleman."

"Where are Rose and Debbie?" Gary asked.

"They were waiting their turn with Jim when this all went down. I think Jim is doing Debbie because when I left, Rose was still laughing her ass off."
