 Authors Notes:

Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series are in no any way to be considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around.



They broke from rehearsal and Cherry came over for lunch. Mark was waiting for her.

"I should have stayed angry with you. That woman is a taskmaster and a half. Holy shit; there is a lot to learn and not a lot of time to get it done. I'm pretty good on the Pop routines but the Country ones are all new to me. I'm getting there but Brenda is relentless. I have one question, was she that way when you were kids?"

"Oh yes she was," Jill told her as she walked up to the bar. "Honestly, I loved it. She wanted to turn the three of them into the best lovers in the world. They would do me and if Brenda wasn't happy, she'd make them do it over. I came to love do overs," Jill blushed.

"I'll bet you did," Cherry giggled. "Now I know how this man became so good in bed. Everyone should have a Brenda in their life."

"Now darling, you know why we love her so much," Mark, grinned. "She still has tricks she hasn't taught us. That thought frightens us, doesn't it Gar?"

Gary had just walked up and heard the last of the conversation. "What frightens us?"

"The fact that Brenda has things up her sleeve she hasn't taught us yet," Mark told him.

Gary laughed, "Fuck yes; I have actually lost sleep wondering what is coming next. No matter what, she is the best of the best Cherry. You have the greatest teacher anyone could find. Just tell her not to wear you out today. You've got many to do tonight." 

Gina and Brianna set the G3 down in Fort Worth. Ainsley walked up and onto the jet. She laughed when she saw Gina and Brianna. "Well if this isn't the pussy flight of all time, I don't know what is." She kissed her friends warmly. "Can someone fill me in on the reasons for the uniforms today? I mean, seriously, I think I just gave Jack's brother a fucking heart attack. He took one look at me and he now has a hardon that won't go away for hours. Before we leave, I have a ton of boots to take to Orlando. Let me go and pull the pickup up to the jet."

They loaded the jet and took off. Gina explained the reason for the uniforms. "Mark and Gary told us to tease the fucking crap out of these guys. They are used to the pilots being men. They know the pilots are bi but they are straight as arrows. Gary told them not to fuck the pilots. One of them told Gary they don't swing that way."

Ainsley was hysterical. "There is a big problem with this. I not only know them, I've fucked them many times. They are fanfuckingtastic. Maybe they won't recognize me in this uniform. Oh this is going to be a fun flight. We can play I take it."

"Darling, we can do whatever we want. We're the pilots," Brianna snickered. "We're even going to let you fly part of the way darling. Kansas City is our first stop. We are picking up Rashad there. They can't stay in Orlando long because this is opening season weekend."

"You'll get to do them, but not before Cherry does them. Gary told me she won't even know they are there to begin with. This is supposed to be a major surprise," Gina said. "In the meantime, let's tease them deliciously."

Rashad walked to the jet as it taxied to the terminal. He smiled when he saw it. This jet was the first private jet he had ever flown on. It brought back some great memories. The door opened and the ladder came down. What he saw as he climbed the ladder made him freeze in mid step.

"Welcome Rashad, can we pour you a drink? We will only be on the ground long enough to pick you up and get back in the queue. Here, let me take your bag," Ainsley said as she took his bag and stowed it. "I was told you like Snake Bites. Would you like one?"

"Yes, thank you that would be nice." He picked up his Blackberry and sent a text.

Gary laughed when he read the message. He handed the phone to Mark and he roared. Michelle reached for the phone and laughed, "Who is calling you an asshole Gary?"

"Rashad hon, obviously he is airborne." They explained it to her and she was hysterical. "They are going to kill you. Ainsley has her pilot's uniform on too? You two are dead meat, you know that, don't you?"

"I can handle them. Most importantly, I know my woman," Mark said. "I know there is a lot of tension between the four of them. I want tonight to really be special for her. They are going to be so worked up and she is going to be the beneficiary darling."

They landed in Foxborough and Jamal walked up the steps. He had the exact same reaction Rashad had when he saw the pilots. They introduced themselves and he gave Rashad a hug, "I'm going to kill Chris when I get my hands on him."

Gary laughed at the text he received. "Now I'm a prick," he yelled to Mark.

They reached cruising altitude and Ainsley walked into the cockpit with two cups of coffee. She closed the cockpit door and sat the coffee down. "How's it going back there baby?" Brianna giggled.

"Fuck, those two are so damned sexy. I mean seriously, they've undressed me a million times and just the thought of that has me so wet I can hardly think straight. They still haven't recognized me though." she murmured.

Brianna stood up and messed up her hair. She undid her top and let her breasts breathe. She reached under her almost non-existent skirt and removed her thong. She kissed her deeply and smudged her lipstick. "Now, go back there and bring me some sugar darling. Tease the shit out of them."

Ainsley laughed and walked back into the cabin. She walked past them and into the galley. 

"Edwards is a dead man," Rashad said loudly. "I'm gonna fucking kill him."

Ainsley walked back towards the cockpit with several packages of sugar in her hand. As she passed them she dropped one on the floor. She bent over and gave them a full view of her sweet pussy minus the thong they had been trying to read the words on.

"Something tells me they are both behind this," Jamal moaned. 

"This is punishment my friend." Rashad said as Ainsley closed the door to the cockpit.

Gina and Brianna were laughing as they had been watching on the cabin cam. "Good job girlfriend. You've got them so wound up right now. Next stop New York City. Let's pick up Chris and then institute 'house rules' onboard," Gina, said.

"Good idea, I like that. That is where it may all fall apart. They are used to seeing me naked," Ainsley laughed. "The last time they saw me, they had me airtight."

"We're forty minutes out, take over baby; we need to stretch our legs," Brianna grinned.

Ainsley slid behind the yoke and Gina and Brianna prepared to walk into the cabin. Both thongs were left behind as they opened the cockpit door and the two minxes walked seductively into the cabin. They were gone about thirty minutes and when they returned, they were laughing hysterically.

"They are going to make Gary pay for this," Gina laughed. "Jamal says when Chris meets us, he's going to wish he'd shut his mouth yesterday. Those two men want to fuck our brains out and then some. They can hardly contain themselves."

Ainsley replied to air traffic control and made a course correction. Gina looked on approvingly as she made preparations to relinquish the seat.

"Do you want to take it in baby?" Brianna asked. "You can if you'd like. Obviously you know what you're doing."

"Hon, I'm not qualified on twin yet let alone jets. I'll leave that to you for the next while."

"Okay but if you had to; you could land this thing couldn't you?" Gina asked.

"I imagine I could," she laughed. "It is just a lot larger and faster than what I'm used to flying. Why?"

"Well, just in case we're busy getting fucked, we don't want you to overfly the airport tomorrow," Gina, giggled.

"You won't be the only one getting laid on here tomorrow baby," Ainsley smirked.

The look on Chris' face when he ascended the steps was one for the record books. "We've been had, dammit, that son of a bitch," he bellowed. "I'm pleased to meet you and I'm going to kill your boss. Some friend he turned out to be."

"We're being punished Chris," Rashad yelled. "Mark knows we butted in and this is his way of paying us back." 

The three women walked into the bedroom of the jet. Moments later, they walked out wearing nothing but lovely high heels. "Payback is a bitch gentlemen," Ainsley purred as they walked towards the cockpit.

Gary fell off his stool at the Tiki Bar. He handed the phone to Mark and he just about lost it. The message read, "Three drop dead gorgeous women observing 'house rules'. You SON OF A BITCH!"

"You do know Michelle is right, we are dead meat," Gary grinned.

"I know but I also know the girls will more than make it up to them on the flight home," Mark grinned as he sipped his drink. "I want to know how Ainsley pulls this one off. After all, she's fucked them repeatedly in Las Vegas."

"Are you okay with me starting the 'certification' process on Cherry?" Gary asked.

"Yeah, I am." Mark laughed. "She's heard the rumors. I just wish Jeremy were here. You do her and then we will do her together. She's been talking to Wendy and Rose. She can't wait. Gina is going to text me when they are an hour out. That gives us about two hours before they arrive here. After we are done and the guys are in the house, we're going to blindfold her and then bring them out. Debbie will keep them out of sight until it is time. She won't have any idea who is doing her for a while. Ann is going to keep her girls away until Cherry discovers the guys are here and then, they are going to rock Ainsley's world. Trust me on this, they plan to rock our world totally too. I heard you had a taste last night."

"It was a very sweet, delicious taste. What I do know is that she's everything I ever fantasized and more. Put that uniform on her and it will be wild as shit," Gary, grinned. "I picked mine, now you have to pick yours. I'm as excited about today as anyone. For starters, I get to finally do that gorgeous woman of yours and then three Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaders. Talk about performance anxiety."

"Fuck that, you're forgetting the rest of the professional dancers too. Brenda outdid herself. I thought we had some of the sexiest people to begin with but now, we are so over the top it isn't funny. Aleka and Diane were pouting yesterday. I had to reassure them they were simply amazing," Mark smiled.

"They were kidding, weren't they?"

"Yes. After they said it, they burst out laughing. They are as happy as we are. Oh and Daniel said we had to have a permanent rotation through the Islands or he'll go on strike."

"I can understand how he would feel. We have to make that a priority," Gary grinned.

"Make what a priority Gary?" Cherry purred as she jumped up on the stool between them.

"We have to keep a fresh parade of people passing through Honolulu so that Kono and Daniel have, how should I say this, proper inspiration."

"Don't worry about Kono. She is getting a head start on the new male dancers," Cherry told them. "God, that woman can fuck and suck so well. Watching her go at it gets me so wet."

"I was told you were always wet hon," Gary smirked.

Cherry's eyes sparkled as she turned to him, "Let's eat and then you'll get to find out if the rumors you've heard are true." 

After a light snack, Gary took Cherry for a walk to the pool cabana. They spent an hour making the sweetest love imaginable. Cherry had to look several times to make sure she wasn't making love to Mark. What she had been told was definitely true. They were almost identical in everything they did, the way they moved, the way they kissed and the way they loved her. She felt the love and the passion from this man and she knew she was in the arms of a man who, like Mark, would never hurt her in any way at all.

Gary smiled. Cherry was everything he knew she would be and more. Her face was perfect, her body was phenomenal, and her pussy was so wet and wonderful. Her touch sent shivers through his body and steeled his resolve in many ways. Making love to her was thrilling, to say the least. Her hips moved in perfect synchronization to his and she met every thrust with warm, welcoming enthusiasm. Making love to her was something he would never forget.

"Gary, Gary, Gary," she whispered. "Thank you for everything. Thank you for giving me my life back. Thank you for making me smile again. I was too bull headed to go see him. He was the same I think. I'll love you 'til the day I die for bringing us back together. Rose was right, fuck you two are identical. Make love to me Gary. Love me and welcome me into your family. Your cock feels so good. Love me, fuck me, and know I'll never run away again. Oh fuck, this feels so good."

She turned her head and kissed him and that kiss was amazing and breathtaking. His cock bore into her and her hips welcomed him completely. 

"Cherry, you are beyond my wildest expectations. You're pussy is perfect. You are hot, tight, and wonderful. It's a good thing for Mark that he found you first."

She kissed him and exploded on his cock. Her pussy grabbed him and she began to vibrate along his shaft. She started to milk his cock as he held her tight. She was cumming and milking him and he held firm, marveling over the talents she possessed. 

He pulled out and dove into her hot, wet pussy. He licked her into total submission and her screams let everyone know that her certification had started. Gary's tongue was a magical thing and she loved everything her did to her and more. His method, his touch, his speed, and his passion matched Mark completely and she was cumming so hard she could barely breathe. 

He flipped her over and pulled her up onto her knees. He spread her legs and his tongue circled her hot, sweet asshole. She inhaled sharply and smiled broadly. His tongue was hot and hard and he drove it right up into her voracious asshole. 

"Shove that tongue deep into my hot ass Gary. Yes, Oh fuck that feels so good. Fuck my ass with your tongue darling. Yes, oh fuck, I love that!"

Gary rimmed her, invaded her and licked her ass like there was no tomorrow. He knelt behind her and his cock slid into her hot tight pussy. He grabbed her glorious hips and he began to fuck. She moaned, yelped, and screamed begging for more. He smiled and filled her hot pussy with as much lust as he could muster.

His thumb slid into her ass as his cock plowed her tight hot pussy.

"You are going to fuck my ass Gary, you are, aren't you?"

The head of his cock pressed against her tight ass and she pushed herself fully onto him. 

Gary laughed, "That answers that!"

"Fuck my ass Gary. I love this. Fuck my ass. I love this. I love this so much. Fuck me baby. Yes, Oh Mother of God I love this! Don't stop. Don't stop...please don't stop." She climaxed massively and nearly squeezed his cock in two. She was bouncing on the mattress on the heft of his cock. 

She pulled out and spun around to kiss him. Her hands dropped to his cock and she began to stroke his hardness. She looked into his eyes and her face dropped to take him into her hot, loving mouth. She never broke eye contact as she swallowed him, cupping his large hanging balls in her tiny hands. She swallowed him, opened her throat, and took him ball deep. Her tongue caressed him and her throat vibrated on his cock as she began to hum a tune. Overall, Gary was amazed not only with her beauty but also with her raw animalistic passion. 

Mark walked into the cabana and the two men began to make love to her in ways she had never experienced in her life. Their combined touch, their soft kisses, and their wonderful hard bodies comforted her, pleased her and teased her deliciously. It had been many months since she had felt the comfort and the passion of a man. Tonight, she had two of them and with her eyes closed; she couldn't distinguish who was doing what.

Mark lifted her onto him and she filled herself with his thick shaft. He began to fuck her slowly. Gary massaged her back and her ass cheeks as Mark slid into her tight, wonderful pussy. He kissed the small of her back and down the crack of her ass. His tongue circled her tight pucker and she gasped. She pushed back on his tongue as it darted into her. 

The head of his broad cock pushed against her tight ass and Mark slid out for a moment. Gary slid in and waited for her to adjust. Cherry pushed back onto him and then Mark entered her once more. Together they gave her the loving of a lifetime and she was dripping wet when they changed positions. She knew who she loved and she loved him more than she could even describe but the two men were amazingly similar in everything they did. 

Gary slid into her sweet pussy and he laid her back on the mattress. Mark straddled her face and her lips ran along his sweet cock. She opened her precious lips and took him deeply into her mouth. As Gary pulled out, Mark went in. These two men had a rhythm that amazed her and she definitely knew they had done this many times before. Yes, Brenda was a good teacher. Mark's cock slid deep into her throat, Gary's cock was hitting places, and doing things to her, she had never experienced in her life before. She started to cum and each successive orgasm built until she screamed with a monumental climax that left her unfocused and barely able to breathe. 

They switched positions one last time, Mark did the same things he knew Gary had done, and Cherry swallowed Gary fully into her throat. These two men were meticulous lovers. Their every move designed to give her ultimate pleasure. Until she had slept with Mark, she had no knowledge that men could be this kind and caring. Now, she finds that there are two of them and they both make love to a woman with respect and in the most erotic ways possible. 

The orgasm she felt building would surpass the last one and that fact alone blew her mind. The way they touched her, the words they whispered, and the strength and love their massive cocks delivered made her shiver with warmth and love. Her body tensed and she felt her legs begin to shake. She wrapped her legs around Mark's waist and her stomach flattened. She looked at Gary's cock sliding into her lips and she felt Mark loving her dearly. Her nipples were sapphire hard as she inhaled and screamed around Gary's cock. Mark and Gary continued to fuck her with abandon. She was overwhelmed with the lust and magnitude of the orgasms she craved, and they delivered.

Cherry was drenched and gasping for air. Mark lit three cigarettes and handed one to her and one to Gary.

"Just the thing a woman needs after that, a fucking cigarette," she laughed as she inhaled deeply. 

"Fuck me that was amazing." She looked at Rose who sat with Wendy, Jill, and Michelle on the chairs of the cabana. "You weren't lying, were you? You told me it would be this good. You didn't lie to me. It was that good. Ohmigod!"

"Well darling, that was just the first phase of your 'certification' the next phase is the fun part. This part you get to do blindfolded. You will be doing three men and you have to guess which three they are. You've seen them; you have to do them just as you will do everyone else. You just have to tell us who they are before the blindfold comes off." Jill told her.

Cherry looked around and everyone was standing within view. The sea of smiling faces reassured her that tonight would be one to remember. Jim walked up to her, gave her a warm kiss. "Gentlemen, please come forward." All of the black males walked up to her and stood before her. "Now remember Cherry, you will know them. You just have to tell us who is doing you before the blindfold comes off." With that, Jim kissed her and placed the blindfold on her.
