 Authors Notes:

Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series should not be, in any way, considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around. 

*

Dani walked up to Mark with a broad smile on her face. He looked at the file folder in her hand and raised an eyebrow. She pulled up a stool at the Tiki Bar and looked at him. He didn't move so she just glared at him.

"What?" he asked as she raised her eyebrow, "Oh you want me to make you a drink huh? Remind me again, who works for whom?"

"Shut up and make me a Mai Tai sweetheart," Dani giggled.

"Aren't we getting fancy," he laughed. "This must be special. I haven't made you one of those in a very long time. What'cha got in the folder sexy?" He slid behind the bar and made her a Mai Tai. She didn't drink these unless she was celebrating something. 

She took a sip of the drink, smiled, leaned over, and kissed him, "Phil faxed these to you. He wanted you to look at this. It looks like a very clean deal to me. I think she is going to be extremely happy with this."

Mark looked at the offer Phil had received on Cherry's house. "Shit this is clean and a lot more than I thought it would be. When we listed the house, I thought they were being too optimistic. This is a very good deal. Thanks baby, they are just about to break, Pierre and Shannon are on a roll. I think Pierre has fallen in love with the playhouse."

Dani smirked, "I know we have our own back home but this is very nice and a little different. I know I love this playhouse myself."

"That is because you're horny all the time. I'm beginning to worry though; that kiss you just gave me was the first one in a long time. Are you angry with me?" 

"No darling, I just wanted to give you and Cherry some time alone. Mark, she is everything you said she was and more. I am so happy for you. You know, it is funny, I always knew I was a pretty girl. You showed me that I was more than pretty and I love you for that. Then, I start working for you and I'm hanging with some of the sexiest women on earth. That's fine because I learned that I could hold my own with any of them and that has continued for many years. All of a sudden, Holly goes to visit Gary and all fucking hell breaks loose. Now I have my pick of over one hundred of the hottest men and women on the planet. How lucky can one girl get?"

"I'm glad to hear that you're happy. I guess that means I don't have to give you a raise this year. Whew, more good news," Mark grinned.

She moved close into him, her hand ran up his thigh, "The only raise I want is when this thing is in my hands and swelling up darling."

"Anytime you want my love, you know that," he smiled.

"Oh I know. She told me that the first night you and Cherry got back together in Las Vegas. Cherry told me that even though you two were back together, nothing was going to change. She kinda figured I was a bit down. I really didn't know how things were going to change and it must have showed. She told me not to worry and that she couldn't wait to do me too. I really do like her Mark. Here she comes now, I'll be as unobtrusive as possible," she grinned as she kissed him and unzipped him.

"Hi baby, how is everything going?" Mark asked as he moved behind the bar to pour her a drink. Dani had pulled his cock from his slacks and it was dangling deliciously as he poured Cherry her drink.

Dani kissed Cherry and whispered, "I just can't help myself baby." 

He poured her the drink, walked around and sat beside her. Dani knelt and stroked his long cock with her manicured fingers and her soft cheeks.

"It's going great. I like Pierre and he's not yelling at me so I think that is a good thing. He went off on one of the other models earlier. Shannon said I was doing great and Diane did too. I'm pretty happy," Cherry smiled.

He kissed her deeply and smiled, "Well, let me make your day." He pulled the folder over, opened it and handed it to her. 

Cherry read the document and her jaw dropped. "Is this for real?"

"Yes, Phil received the offer, faxed it to me and I've read it. It is a clean offer and a fast closing. All you need to do is sign it and it is a done deal."

"I don't understand how the hell I got this price. I mean, yes it was a nice house but it needed painting and new gutters. There were many things it needed. This price is fantastic," she exclaimed.

"The house didn't need anything. It was freshly painted, new carpets, new kitchen, and bathrooms. It also had a new roof and fencing. I was surprised at the price but these people are getting a wonderful house."

"You motherfucker, I love you," she grinned as she jumped into his arms. "I want to give the guys back the money hon, I really do. Please call them and tell them I am doing that."

"I'll call them but I know what they are going to say. So do you," Mark said honestly.

"Why did you spend all that money on my house? You had no way of knowing if you and I would ever get back together. You are an amazing man. What would you have done if we didn't?"

"To answer your question, nothing would have changed as far as I would be concerned. Yes, I prefer to have the loveliest woman on earth with me all the time but I would still have loved you as much as I do right now no matter what. Even if you never talked to me again, I wanted to know you'd be financially secure."

"Okay Mr. Lawyer, where do I sign," she laughed. "This is the most money I've ever had in my life. Hell, it is four times what I paid for the place. Are you going to do my taxes there big boy? I sure as hell hope so. I'm clueless when it comes to that stuff." She signed where Mark indicated. She turned, kissed him, and picked up her drink. "Having money in the bank definitely does make life easier, doesn't it?"

"Honey, you're making a lot of money. You're going to be wealthy beyond your wildest dreams. You'll get to the point where money really doesn't mean much. You'll do things because they make you feel good, not because you have to. Gary and I didn't have to do all of this. We could just relax and live like kings. Within a year, over nine thousand people will have good paying jobs and the people around here will be well on their way to becoming millionaires. It won't take long for that to happen either. I can't wait to see the looks on Lindsay or Hank's face when they find out that they are millionaires."

"The expression I wished I had seen was Jill's when you told her how much she was worth. That would have been something to see," Cherry said.

Dani giggled on his cock.

"Hush girl. Don't laugh when you're taking dictation," Cherry grinned.

"She told you, did she?" Mark smiled. "Yes, it was a sight I'll never forget. She freaked right out. Sometimes, it really feels good when you hit a home run. I'd been buying gold for her when it was $35 an ounce. Today it is over $1,800 an ounce and she has over 3500 lbs. of the stuff."

"Would I be wrong to think you did the same thing for yourself and Gary?" she asked.

"Nope, not at all; I never thought it would go that high but now, with the crap going on all over the world, it could triple in value. It's fluctuating right now but it will go up in the next few years. I've put a lot of money into silver too and it has actually out preformed gold. Overall, my investments have done great."

"Are you going to invest for me too baby? I hope so because I don't have a clue about any of that. I would just lose my mind if you told me what you told Jill someday," she purred.

Dani looked up from her delicious task. She laughed and her eyes sparkled. "Oh that is a good one. Duh, really girl?"

Mark laughed and told her to go grab a bite to eat. "Pierre is going to be relentless." She kissed him and went back to work.

"You can be so mean at times Mark," Dani giggled. "She has no idea does she?"

Gary walked up and poured himself a drink. "I want you to come with me. Rose called me and they almost have the store stocked with merchandise. Apparently, Red went ballistic on someone today in The Velvet Glove. Country Girl is almost finished. Nancy is a ball of fire and she is on a mission. I want to see how it is coming along." 

He stopped and burst out laughing as he had just realized what Dani was doing. "By all means, take your time. Don't rush a Dani blowjob. Everything else on earth can wait."

"Get behind me and fuck me would you please Mr. Edwards. I mean; as long as you're just standing there, make yourself useful."

"Shit, she's becoming demanding in her old age," Gary laughed.

"Hey, don't say something like that when she has my cock in her mouth. She's little but she's mighty and she bites," Mark warned.

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know." He lifted her skirt and slid between her lovely cheeks. She moaned as he filled her and began to stroke sweetly. 

"You do know, you hit a home run when you discovered this lovely lady," Gary said as he held her hips and she clamped tight on his cock. Dani was beyond description in every manner possible. She was impeccable, efficient, proficient, and fun to be around. When life called for professionalism, she was all business. When, times like this occurred, she was a fabulous sexpot with an insatiable appetite for all things erotic.

She felt Mark swell and her throat clamped around him. Her tongue milked his stationary cock buried in her throat. She could make him cum without any outward movement on her part at all. She cupped his balls and let her tongue bring him off. 

Gary saw he was ready and he began to stroke her fully. She was clamping herself on him and he felt her building to a lovely strong orgasm. He held her hips, reached around and his fingers found her long, engorged clit. Several small flicks and they simultaneously enjoyed strong, fantastic orgasms. 

Mark lifted her up, kissed her, and held her tight. She hugged him, turned and kissed Gary and grabbed the file folder.

"I'll go send these back to Phil darling. I love you both," she said as she kissed them again, adjusting her skirt and making herself presentable once again.

"Don't forget about us," JoJo said as she and Tia were walking on the opposite side of the pool. 

"Give us a rain check, work calls and we must poof," Mark told them as he blew them a kiss.

They finished their drink and Gary threw a set of keys to Mark. He looked at the keys and laughed. "You know, I've never seen you drive this. You always throw me the keys. Why is that?"

"Probably because every time I get behind the wheel; I get pulled over. I love the damned thing but I also have a lead foot. If anyone knows that, it is you," Gary said as he opened the passenger door of the Lamborghini and got in. Mark slid into the drivers' seat and pulled out. They weren't a quarter mile from the guardhouse when they heard the siren. Gary started laughing. Mark told him to go fuck himself as he pulled over. 

The cop came up to the car, asked for his license, and insurance. Mark handed it to the cop and sat there staring straight ahead with a pissed look on his face. The cop walked back to the cruiser and Mark shrugged, "What the fuck did I do. I wasn't speeding. I mean, seriously, what the fuck did I do?"

The officer walked up to the car and heard Mark's question. "Mr. Banner, I stopped you because you sir, committed one of the worst offenses anyone could commit in my area. You drove right past a friend you haven't seen in a long time and you didn't even acknowledge his presence. That sir, is an unforgivable offence."

Mark turned and looked at the cop who had removed his sunglasses and hat. Mark recognized him immediately, was out of the car, and gave him a massive bear hug.

"Tommy, ohmigod buddy, how the fuck are you? How long has it been? I didn't know you were a cop. Excuse me I didn't know you were a sergeant. Damn, you're looking good," he grinned at his old friend. He turned and looked at Gary, "You fucking knew this was going to happen didn't you?"

Gary got out of the car, "Hey Tom, how ya doing?"

"I'm good. I hear you two are busy as shit. My cops tell me there is a ton of world-class pussy running around the mansion. I was sorry to hear about Robert and Maggie. How is Jeremy?"

"He's okay now. When it happened, he was a real mess. We went to Thailand and spent a week with him. We'll tell him you were asking about him. He misses his friends. Yes, we have a lot going on," Mark told him.

They talked to Tom for a half hour and Mark got back behind the wheel. He looked at Gary and laughed.

"I didn't set you up. I think there is a standing order for all the cops in Windermere. If they see this car, they are to pull it over and radio him. He's a good guy."

Mark pulled into the club and saw the sign company was installing the signage. They walked in and stopped in the massive lobby. 

"Look at these floors, wow!" Mark exclaimed. "They are beautiful. They look a lot better than I thought they would. I can't wait to see the videos of the fashion shows on these screens. You did tell me that Pierre is shooting two separate fashion show videos, right?"

"Yes, were taking the girls to New York and shooting the runway videos there. That will happen just as soon as the catalog shoot is finished. The crew doing the video is having a blast. Of course, the girls are driving them wild and guess who is leading that?" Gary laughed.

"Oh you don't have to tell me, I've been sitting back watching her. She is having the time of her life and it doesn't hurt that she is, first and foremost, a stripper. She is giving them some of the best shots they've ever had. Between Cherry, Ronnie and Ann those guys are getting some amazing video," Mark laughed.

"Speaking of Ann, I have a question for you. Lead female dancer for Las Vegas, the choice is between Gillian and Elaine. Which would you prefer? Ann will be the resident professional female dancer in Orlando," Gary asked.

"Elaine is great but I'd prefer Gillian. She is hot as fuck and she and Cherry get along great. I think Elaine is wonderful and I definitely think she should be in Nashville," Mark explained.

"Sometimes you scare me. That is what I thought you'd say. Gillian is a great fuck, ohmigod. Okay, that is settled. We'll tell them tonight. Elaine is going to be all over us. You know that, don't you? She is going to freak. Holly said she thought you'd want Gillian in Las Vegas." 

They walked into the Glove and watched as Red directed the workers. She was amazing and frightening at the same time. Everything must be perfect; she would accept nothing less. 

They walked behind the main bar. It was complete and Gary looked in amazement. "I never envisioned a bar like this. This is wonderful. I want to go downstairs and see all the mechanical aspects of this thing."

They went below and saw how it all worked. All of the beer and the bar liquor was metered, measured and computerized. The top shelf liquor and bottled beer was stored in massive walk in coolers next to a unique elevator that took the product up to the bar. This is a very efficient way to service the bars. Each of the three large bars had the same elevators so the bar backs work was greatly reduced. Gary was happy with everything he saw.

They entered the bakery and looked at everything. They were very satisfied. They walked up the stairs to the main floor and entered the restaurant. Holly and Marv standing in the dining room looking at the seating arrangement and making minor adjustments.

"This looks great," Gary said. "I love the décor. Any problems we should know about hon?"

"No, everything is here except the food. Check out the kitchen. Oh wait, I want to be there when you see it." She told Marv to do a couple of things and they walked into the kitchen. 

Gary's jaw dropped when he walked into this brand new kitchen. It was beyond beautiful.

"Gar, check this out," Mark yelled.

Gary walked over and saw the smoker. "Damn, it is bigger than I remember it. I love it. They opened the doors and Mark started it up. It was quiet and easy to work with. The same style elevator they used for the beer sat next to the smoker. 

"The wood is stored downstairs. Once we start the smoker, we keep the elevator loaded with wood. The bar backs are also responsible for filling the wood elevator. Everything else is on this level. Walk into the coolers and then go in the freezers. They are definitely wonderful," Holly said.

Gary and Mark walked out of the coolers and into the freezers. They walked back to Holly completely depressed.

"Oh for fuck sake, get over it," she chided them. "This is a commercial restaurant, not your home. You both have the same things at home, oh wait," she burst out laughing. "It's a size thing, isn't it? Holy shit, this is the first time I've seen you two intimidated by size. Write this date on the wall, this is too funny."

Mark walked over to her, put his arms around her, and dropped his hands to her spectacular ass. He gripped her wonderful firm cheeks and then he slapped her hard.

"Ouch, what the hell was that for?" she laughed.

"Laughing," Gary, giggled. "It fucking hurts when you're right."

"We love you anyway. Show us the rest," Mark said as he leaned over and kissed her. "I love everything I see here."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, you are just horny, I know you."

"And your point is?" Gary laughed.

They walked into her office, which resembled the bridge of the Star Ship Enterprise. The tech people had this set up perfectly. She had a multitude of monitors. The system maintained a running inventory in real time. That was in addition to a real time profit and loss. Surveillance monitors monitored the kitchen and the dining room. Alarms monitoring the ovens, smoker and the cooler temperatures were all set into the system. Both clubs had the exact same setup and the center manager had computer access to all of the data.

They toured the dancers' change and lounge areas. They were separate from the regular employees' lockers and lounge areas. They were beautiful and comfortable. 

When they walked into Country Girl, they both gasped; it was the sweetest country bar ever. The décor was astonishing but the multiple dance floors were what really caught their eye. 

Three large areas dominated the main floor. A two-step oval was centered to the main stage and slightly sunken. The other two large dance floors were rectangular and positioned at angles that corresponded to the dancer's stages above, coming off the ovals. The two rectangled dance floors raised slightly above the floor level. These dance floors were perfect for line dancing or slow dancing. Gary was smiling broadly, as he looked at everything.

"These dance floors allow perfect viewing for the moveable stages and the dancer's stages. You can dance, watch the bands, and see the dancers and feel like you're part of the show. The designers said that this was what they were shooting for and dammit, Mark, they did it. I have never seen another bar like this in my life," Gary gasped.

Mark walked up to the wrap around balcony. He was checking out the second floor area. This area, designed for VIPS, was elegant. When Gary arrived, Mark was laughing his ass off. 

"Someone was fucking horny as hell when she decorated this area," he laughed. 

Gary walked around and he started laughing as well. "You got that right. The question is, was it Red or Nancy?"

"It was both of us. You assholes have kept us so busy we hardly get laid anymore," Nancy sulked. "I do my best work when I'm deprived."

"Deprived, oh fuck, that's rich," Mark, laughed. "Darling, from the day I was first introduced to you two; I've learned that you are two of the horniest women alive today. Don't hand me that shit. I love the both of you but I know you haven't been deprived."
