 Authors Notes:

Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series should not be, in any way, considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around.

Breakfast was delicious. Linda came out and kissed Mark and Gary. "Can I catch a ride to the airport?" I'll be in Las Vegas for a couple of weeks. We are installing the kitchen tomorrow. Looks like you'll have to do some cooking honey," she smirked.

"With all the chefs I have running around here. I don't think so," Gary laughed.

"You know Gar; we need to invest in a helicopter. We have the space for a landing pad here. I don't know about you but I am getting real sick of the 408 traffic," Mark grinned.

"I was thinking the same thing." He looked at Jill and she laughed. 

"Why the fuck not, we have damned near everything else. It's been a long time since I've flown a chopper. I think we need a big one though. I'll see what I can find," she said with a curious glint in her eye.

They headed to the airport. Linda had Dee Dee's number. She had her all set up with an apartment. Gina and Brianna were flying Linda to Las Vegas. Jeff and Alan had the G650 sitting on the tarmac. Everyone kissed Linda goodbye and the rest got on the new jet.

"Damn, I could get used to this," Vicki purred. "This wasn't mentioned during the interview. Hell, none of this was but I love it." 

Leeann laughed loudly. "Honey, get used to it. Everyday they blow you away with something else that is amazing as hell. I've been around long enough to know not to be surprised. Seriously, you'd think that just the mind-blowing sex should be enough but it never is with these two."

"This really is happening, isn't it?" she asked.

"Oh yes darling, it sure is," Leeann giggled.

Brian and Elaine were equally amazed. Jeff laughed and told them the same thing that Leeann told Vicki. They were checking out the jet when Mark, Gary, and Holly climbed aboard. 

Mark began to laugh, "I love seeing someone's first experience with a Gulfstream. It reminds me of my first time."

"Speaking of first times, did you enjoy last night Vicki?" Gary asked.

"I sure did. I have to tell you that being 'certified' was the wildest thing I had ever experienced. What really blew my mind was the 'after certification surprise'."

"The what?" Mark laughed. "Did we miss something good?"

"Oh you sure did. When Jim's clipboard was full, I staggered over to the bar to get a drink. Tammy was sitting there. She saw me coming and she made me a Rum Runner."

"That tells us a lot right there," Gary giggled. "Go on, tell us what happened."

"She handed me my drink and I made the comment that I had no idea a woman could cum that many times in a lifetime, let alone one evening. I told her that what truly blew my mind was that, even after the Symbian, I wasn't sore at all. Tammy laughed and started to tell me the most erotic story I had ever head. To begin with, initially we were alone but people started arriving and they were listening intently as the story unfolded."

"Must have been a hell of a story, which one was it?" Mark asked. "Tammy is a walking encyclopedia of all things erotic."

"She told me the story of the first time she and Gary ever got together in Jacksonville."

Mark turned and looked at Gary. He raised an eyebrow and gave him a look. Gary fastened his seatbelt and he had turned beet red. He was laughing hysterically. 

"Mark, it was the hottest thing I've ever heard. I'm convinced she didn't leave anything out."

He turned and looked at Gary again.

"What? Listen you cocksucker. I told you that story for years and you didn't believe me. You actually said I had to be lying. You did, you know you did. Finally, you met her, you experienced her, and you changed your tune. Now do you think I may have been telling you the truth? I have never heard her tell that story but knowing Tammy, I can guarantee that she didn't leave anything out."

"Continue, what happed. Now you have my complete attention."

"It was so sweet Mark and then it got exciting. Leeann was sitting at the bar next to Tammy and things just happened."

Leeann laughed, "Well, let's get this story straight. While Tammy was telling it, Vicki discovered that everyone is bi. That really tripped her trigger and she started to get off on what Tammy was saying as well as what she was seeing. Guys, she couldn't have been wetter if we had thrown her in the pool."

"What part did you play in this display darling?" Gary laughed.

"I was thirsty, what more do you need to know? Let's just say that things progressed and a full-blown orgy broke out. The guys took her airtight several times and I thought we were going to have to do CPR once or twice."

Mark roared. "Welcome to the family Vicki. Come on Gar; let's play with air traffic control."

"That works for me," Gary laughed.

The cockpit door opened and Jeff looked at Alan and they both started laughing. "I'm getting the impression that they wanna play with their new toy again. That's okay; we have an honest to God Dallas Cowboy Cheerleader onboard. I saw Elaine a few minutes ago. Damn, that girl is hot. Come on Alan, I'll buy you a cup of coffee."

"You better bring us some," Gary laughed.

Gary taxied out and received his position in the queue. He switched from Ground Control over to Air Traffic control and burped. 

"D'Orgasmic One, you are cleared for takeoff. I take it you've been busy."

"Sure have Frank. Tell Suzie I'm sending you guys invitations to the grand opening. I can't wait to see you," Gary replied.

"Roger that, how's our sidekick? Is he back in Las Vegas?"

Mark flipped a switch and burped loudly. "I'm right here Frank. Yes buddy we've been swamped. You tell that gorgeous wife of yours that we still love her a lot."

"Roger that, love the new ride. Take me up one of these days will you?" Frank asked.

"I will, as long as you bring a doctors note stating you haven't eaten any pickled eggs in a week," Gary said. They heard loud laughter behind him. "Say hello to Tom for us." Gary pushed the throttles down and he loved the way this jet responded. It lifted into the air effortlessly. 

They were listening to Air Traffic Control as they were talking to Gina. Frank commented on the fact that Gary had two new jets and the best-looking pilots in Orlando.

Gina laughed, "Frank, we've been warned about you. We can't wait to meet you and Suzie either. It's okay, you come to the opening, and I'll bring the pickled eggs," Gina smirked.

"D'Orgasmic Two, you do that darling and I'll fly your pretty ass back to Greece myself," Mark quipped. "You seriously don't know how bad things can get if he eats those damned things."

"Roger that boss," Gina smiled.

"We sure wish you would fly more often," Tom Reston, Frank's supervisor said as he cut in. "Every time you fly, we always get a good laugh. Have a safe flight."

In the cabin, Vicki and Elaine were talking about last night. Alan and Jeff listened and shook their heads.

"You haven't been completely 'certified' yet. We weren't there. In fact, this can be a great twofer for you. You can finish up by joining the Mile High Club," Alan smiled.

"Sounds like a plan to me," Holly said. "I love playing on the jet."

That was all it took and the orgy continued. 

"Where the hell is the coffee," Gary muttered.

"I'll go get it," Mark said. He stood, opened the cabin door, and burst out laughing. "Mile High Club Initiation is in full swing Gar. I'll be right back." He walked into the cabin and the intercom chimed.

"Thank you for flying Orgasm One; this is your captain speaking. The men who are supposed to be flying this jet are talented in many ways. I just want to let them know that Vicki is new and quite lovely. Don't break her, do you hear me?"

The cabin intercom chimed, "Yes boss, we hear you. Thanks for the lend."

Gary set the jet down on the runway and taxied to the hangar area. The ground crew took over and they jumped into the limo and headed to the site. Work was progressing on every level. They were pleased. 

Vicki immediately saw the difference. "This store won't be ready for merchandise for another month. It's larger and laid out differently. Why is there only one club?"

"We didn't think Nashville was the place for a Pop/Rock club. We want to concentrate on Country Music here. This club will, hopefully, turn out the next generation of Country Superstars," Gary told her.

Mark was looking at the stage installation when they walked up. "These stages are great. I am impressed. This club is at least half again as large as Orlando is. I can't wait to see it after Red is done with it. I want to see the VIP areas."

They walked in and saw the difference in size. They were happy.

When they walked out, they were met by a very attractive woman who introduced herself as Barbara Losh from ReMax. She told them she had several properties they might be interested in looking at. She showed them several listings and two of them were definitely not going to work. She had three that they decided to look at. They got in the limo and she gave the driver the addresses. They looked at the properties and they all had potential.

"They are all nice; I just wish you had a fifteen bedroom home. I'd be interested in that," Gary laughed.

"Why would you need so many bedrooms?" Barbara laughed. "Are you expecting a lot of company?"

"Actually, I am. We have our club performers and we have a team of traveling professional dancers who will be in town on a regular basis. We also have a team of fashion models who will be touring the country. They will be here as well."

"Then I just may have the answer," she smiled. She gave the driver an address and told Gary that they were going to look at one more property. The driver pulled into a lane and drove to the house, which was a quarter mile off the highway. The house was an impressive log home. A huge barn sat at the back of the property.

"This property was designed as a riding stable/bed and breakfast. There is a perfectly good barn back there but the real gem of this property is through those trees over there. Let's look at the house first," Barbara said.

They walked in and Leeann let out a gasp, "Oh this is gorgeous. Look at this living room it is spectacular." 

She walked into the kitchen and grinned. It was spacious and had everything one could want. The game room was huge. It had a wet bar and a pool table. There was a beautiful fireplace in the game room that matched the expansive one in the living room. Everything about this fine home was perfect. Picture perfect was a better description, to be honest. 

"There are six bedrooms, six baths and three half baths. The main house is 6,260 sq. ft. The wrap around porch adds an extra 1,700 sq. ft. of usable space. Let's look upstairs. You'll notice that each suite has its own balcony." Barbara informed them.

Gary looked at Mark who was smiling as they walked up the lovely circular pine staircase to the second floor. 

They entered the master bedroom, which was spacious and luxurious. The ensuite master bath was amazing and delightful. It included a whirlpool tub and separate shower. A stone fireplace dominated one wall. Granite counters and luxurious fixtures completed the wonderful space. The closet was very large and that was a major plus.

Each of the other spacious bedrooms featured similar amenities. They were slightly smaller master suites featuring ensuite baths and flat screen televisions.

"This property is offered completely as you see it. The owners were a couple in their early forties who died in a plane crash. Their only heir is his father who is in his late seventies and he has no use for the property. The property has been under contract seven times but no one could get financing. The bank crisis has made it very difficult," Barb told Mark.

They walked outside and looked at the house. Mark laughed as he could read Gary completely. 

"This is what I think you'll be interested in the most," Barb said as they walked down the road behind the house.

"Oh wow," Gary said as they walked into a clearing. He stood looking at seven log homes that ringed the clearing.

"People would book their stay for a week of horseback riding during the day and the Country Music nightlife in town. They had a wonderful business going here. You have to see inside each of these homes. They are very upscale three bedroom homes."

They looked at each home and Gary was impressed. Mark looked at the listing and had a discussion with Barbara about taxes. The rest of the gang was checking out everything completely. 

Leeann walked over to Gary, "This certainly is nice."

"Does it work for you dear?" Gary asked.

"Oh hell, it is a lot more than I would have thought. It definitely is unique. The dancers and models would have a place to stay. The main house is simply amazing. I don't know how much use the kitchen will get though. I'm sure that most meals will come from the restaurant. Other than that, it is really nice."

Gary, you must see the barn," Barbara said. "It is actually unique. The man who owned this property was from Florida originally. He didn't like the fact that it gets cold here so he did something quite special." She opened the barn doors and stood back.

"Well, I'll be damned," Mark, whistled. "Oh this is sweet. Who would have thought?" he said as he looked at the indoor, in ground pool, the separate hot tub and the nice bar. There was a dance floor and a stage as well. 

"This is sweet," Elaine said. "The dance floor is large enough that when we have new routines, we can work on them here and not at the club."

"The owner was a musician. He had many friends who would come over and play. The stables, in case you're wondering, are located behind the log homes. I'll take you back and show you in a bit. What do you think so far?" Barb asked Gary.

"I think it is fantastic," Holly said. "It's actually perfect for what we need."

"I agree; I like it a lot. Give us a few minutes to talk. Show them the stables and we'll be along in a minute or two," Gary told the realtor.

"They have accepted seven offers and no one could get financing. The price is very affordable considering what is being offered. The taxes are very low. Honestly, I can't think of anything Red and Nancy could do to improve the place. It's fucking perfect. I know I can negotiate a big chunk off the price," Mark told them.

"To me, it is amazing. I can just picture the two of you doing me in front of that fireplace," Holly purred. "From a business standpoint, it's perfect."

Gary looked at the price and told Mark to do his best. "I want it."

They walked to the stables and checked them out. "I'm glad I never was that into horses," Gary said. "They are expensive." 

"That is the funniest thing I've heard coming out of your mouth in years," Holly laughed. "When did that ever stop you?"

Mark went to talk to Barbara. They talked for quite a while. Eventually Mark came back with a smile on his face. 

"Congratulations, Gary, you just bought this place. Barb was the listing agent. She called the owner and they talked. We went back and forth on price for a bit but I won. You see that listing price. Take two hundred grand off it cash, close in two weeks. We are going to have termite and roof inspections done. Other than that, it's yours."

"I didn't see any signs of a termite problem. It has a metal roof so that should be okay. I'm more than happy with this. I sure love how you save me money. Thanks a bunch."

Barbara had written up the offer and she handed it to Mark. He read it, gave it to Gary, and handed him the pen. Gary signed it, wrote her a check and they headed back to the club. They timed it and it only took fifteen minutes from the house to the club. That was a plus as well. They said goodbye to Barbara and said they would be in touch. They headed back to the airport.

"Take us home Jeff," Gary grinned. He poured everyone a drink and settled in for the flight home. He got a text from Jill telling him to let her know what time they would be landing. She said she would pick them up at the airport.

"That is a wonderful price, seriously, thanks," Gary said as he sipped his drink. "Another problem solved. I'd say it was a perfect day"

"Yep," Mark said.

Gary sent Jill a text and relaxed. 

Leeann and Vicki treated Mark and Gary to wonderful, sensuous blowjobs on the flight home. Elaine came up and knelt between Leeann and Vicki. She wanted some of those sweet cocks too.

"You two make me so happy," Elaine said as she fed Gary's cock into Leeann's lovely lips. "You're the real deal. You do things that no one else has ever done in my presence. You give me a chance of a lifetime and then you buy a gorgeous house for us to live in. I can't tell you how much that means to us," she said as Vicki fed her Mark's lovely cock.

"Yes, life is good," Gary said as he sat back and enjoyed the rest of the flight.

They taxied to their hangar and the ground crew took over. As the door opened on the jet, a loud noise was heard followed by a very strong wind. Gary and Mark stepped from the jet as a large helicopter landed in front of their hangar.

"Someone landed at the wrong hangar, I hate when that happens," Gary, grinned as he turned back to the jet. 

Mark looked and tapped his friend on the shoulder, "I don't think they did."

Gary turned and watched Rose, Wendy, Debbie and Cherry get off the helicopter. They looked at the front of the copter and saw a fiery redhead at the controls.

"What the fuck?" Gary yelled. The girls ran up to him and kissed him. 

Cherry kissed Mark deeply.

"Do you like it honey?" Debbie asked. "It's pretty inside. It seats twelve and it is fast."

"I'll be right back," he said as he walked onto the chopper. He had to admit, it definitely was pretty. He walked into the cockpit and sat in the other seat. He didn't say a word.

"What?" Jill exclaimed. "You told me to find a chopper. I did find a great one at a fucking fabulous price. I hope you like it."

He just turned and glared at her, "Why on earth would you spend this kind of money without talking to me? You know I love you but baby, this is a huge expense."

"What do you think is going on in there?" Cherry asked Mark.

"I don't know baby, this could get ugly. I know one thing though; Jill has wanted a chopper from the day she qualified for helicopters. It's been an obsession with her."

"You better start talking girl," Gary said.

"I talked to Roy and he started to laugh. He knows how much I want one of these. Anyway, he told me that Lockheed Martin had just taken delivery of two new ones and they had to sell their old ones. They have low hours on them and this one fit the bill perfectly. I called and talked to them. Guess who is in charge of selling it? Go ahead guess."

"I have no idea, who?" Gary asked.

"Marv Roundtree is responsible for this sale. I got all slutted up, went over there, talked to him while he showed me the helicopter. He is worse today than he was back in school. He's married and obviously not happy about it. I wouldn't be either if I were he. He married Brenda McCorkle."

Gary burst out laughing. "He got exactly what he deserved. He treated all the women like crap baby. Now Brenda was the total definition of a cunt bitch. I am so glad he is suffering."

"Anyway, I told him you asked me to find a great copter and he told me to take this and let you see it tonight. You can let him know if you want it tomorrow. Personally, this is a steal; I'll blow you if you buy it."

"You'll blow me if I don't buy it. How does it handle?"

"It's fucking wonderful. We've been to Melbourne and Tampa in it and it is great."
