 Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series are in no any way to be considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around.

*****

As the evening wound down, Gary, Mark, Lori and Holly were busy showing the record company executives the private viewing suites. Everyone seemed impressed.

Michelle found Courtney Friel and her husband Carter Evans. She asked them back to the mansion for the after party celebrations. They were happy to accept.

Limos arrived and people were leaving. Paparazzi were outside in force while the parking lots were full of fans. Many would camp out overnight insuring they would get inside tomorrow night. 

"Gary, I heard a rumor that you made an addition to your pool?" Donald asked.

"Nothing escapes you, does it?" Gary laughed. "Yes, and I love it but with Brenda next door, I don't look so good anymore." 

"Is Mark diving again? He's come back wonderfully. I was pleased because when I saw him in Vegas, he looked like crap. He wouldn't tell me what was wrong but I found out."

"I can't imagine where. Now I am going to kill those three assholes. Yes, he is diving. It's good for him."

"You know they really are family and were so worried about him. They owe everything to him. They swore me to secrecy and I've respected that. His woman, Cherry, is something else though. What is the word I'm searching for?"

"I do believe the word is Phenomenal, Donald. That is the only word to describe Cherry. I hope you brought your swimsuits. I'll see you at the house."

Tammy was on her game when the stars started to arrive. Their luggage had arrived earlier. She showed each new arrival where they would be staying and invited them to the pool area for cocktails.

The Clubs had closed but the restaurant was still full. Jill walked into the store just as Vicki had finished closing everything out. 

"Look at the shelves Jill. We need stock and we need it now," Vicki grinned. 

Jill laughed, "We figured that was going to happen. I have a truck loaded and ready. It will be here first thing in the morning. Are you happy?"

"This place was crazy all day. I'm very happy."

"Let's go home, you need a drink," Jill said as they locked the doors. Both clubs were locked but the restaurant would be open to the public very soon. "Have you ever hobnobbed with the rich and famous before?"

"No, I'm feeling intimidated. Are they all staying at the house?"

"Yes," Jill giggled. "Everyone is under strict orders to behave but I will guarantee there will be more fucking than you could imagine tonight. I know two men who are going to get the ride of their lives tonight. One of them has been waiting for this night for twenty-five years."

"What? I'm confused. Who has been waiting that long?" she asked as the walked to the car.

"My best friend in high school and my roommate in college is a gal named Suzie. She was madly in love with the three amigos. She had absolutely no idea that I even spoke to them. Everyone in school thought I hated them and vice-versa. That shows you how much they knew," she grinned. "The guys knew exactly how she felt towards them but they loved me. That was that. Suzie eventually married a great man who has had a hardon for me since middle school. Well, tonight the guys are going to finally rock her world. Gina, Brianna and I are going to rock his."

"Why is Gina and Brianna involved in this?"

"Frank is here with his boss and his wife. They run our control tower at the airport. We all talk to each other all the time over the radio. This is the first time we've actually been together in a long time. This will be a good night."

It was a warm night when they got home and everyone was on the patio. Loretta sat there with Reba and Beyonce. Mark and Gary made a beeline towards her. She introduced Reba to them and they were thrilled to meet her. They met her husband, Narvel Blackstock.

"You sir, are a very lucky man," Mark said as he shook his hand.

"Neither of you are doing too shabby yourselves," he laughed.

Gary laughed, and shook hands with both of them. Reba was absolutely gorgeous. He looked at Loretta and then to Beyoncé.

"Ut, oh girlfriend, here it comes," Loretta giggled.

Beyoncé's eyes were twinkling.

"You two, oh, you two are in for it. I could just take the two of you over my knee," Gary said.

"Promises, promises," Beyoncé mocked him.

"Seriously, talk about a mind-blowing surprise. We never expected any of this. You two simply took this over the top. We can't thank you enough."

"So when are you going to spank me?" Loretta teased. She saw the shocked look on Reba's face. "What, do you think I don't know their reputations? Girlfriend, back in my day..."

"Oh you're so bad," Reba said breathlessly.

"No darlin, I was that damned good."

Mark walked over to her, bent down, and kissed her. "You still are that damned good Loretta, and we love you unconditionally. Thank you. Thank you for everything."

Reba looked at Gary and smiled. "You outdid yourself with this new line of clothes Gary. I love them; they are so sexy. I saw several things I want."

"I saw something I want too," Narvel said. "I think Reba would look gorgeous wearing chaps?"

"Not on stage, oh no," she giggled. "Where the hell did you get the idea for those?"

"You tell her Mark, it was your idea," Gary said.

He told her the story about Halloween at the Luxor, and what happened after he saw those three women. He told her about his other friend also named Gary, and what his wife said to him afterwards. 

Reba laughed herself silly. "She really said that to him? That is hilarious. I want to meet that girl."

"I wish you could Reba. Unfortunately, she died a few months after that but you did give her the thrill of a lifetime though. They were both cab drivers and, as you know, they get tickets to all the shows for free. Well, almost all the shows are free. He took her to see you at the Hilton. He told me it was the most expensive tickets he had ever paid for but they loved it. The next day, Kaye was in the cab line at the Hilton and your limo came in. Apparently, you saw a woman waiting in the cab line wearing a blouse you liked. You had the limo stop and you got out to ask her where she got it."

"Oh I remember that."

"Anyway, you did that right in front of her car. She was crazy thinking she was that close to you. You were her hero."

"I wish I had known. I would have invited her to dinner. She sounds like she was a great lady."

"Yeah, she was just a real sweet redhead, with a wicked sense of humor. She loved country and so does her husband. Their first date was to see Garth Brooks and afterwards, he proposed. We all miss her."

"How is her husband doing?"

"He misses her. She was a gem and he won't even date anymore. I feel bad for him. He works, comes home, and won't even go into a casino anymore."

"Give me his number. I'll call him and have dinner with him. I'll call Garth and Trish to join us. I think he'd like that," Reba smiled.

Gary laughed, "I know Gary too; he wouldn't just like that, he'd love it. Thanks Reba, thanks a lot."

"So that is where the outfit came from. I loved it and she almost killed him over his reaction," Mark laughed.

Carmen walked up and introduced John Rich to Gary and Mark. They chatted for a bit and Carmen told Gary and Mark that Jill was looking for them.

Mark saw Cherry holding court surrounded with all the artists who had appeared at the Glove. Mark walked up and kissed her. They met everyone and said they would be back. 

"Jill is looking for you darling," Cherry said as she kissed him again. "She introduced me to Suzie and Dorothy. Rock their world darling. Suzie's been waiting for this for a long time."

"Have I told you today, Cherry Anderson? Have I told you how proud of you I am? How thrilled I was to see you on those stages tonight? Have I told you how much I truly love you?" Mark looked into her eyes and he saw the love within. He kissed her one more time. "Enjoy yourself baby."

Michelle, Lori, and Holly were the perfect hosts. They were entertaining their guests. Holly apparently developed a permanent attachment at the hip to Toby Keith and Toby certainly wasn't complaining.

"Jill, what did Jeremy mean when he said you'd be gobbling Frank's cock tonight?" Suzie giggled. "That Jeremy always says the wildest things."

"Honey, we've been the closest of the closest friends for years. I know everything about you. When did you become blonde?" Jill laughed.

"I what?"

"What the fuck do you think he meant?"

"Well, with Jeremy, I never know. He always teased me so much. They all did. I never know when they are being serious with me. Take you, for example, they hated you. They could not stand to be in the same room with you. It took me years to find out you had been doing them all along."

"Is that right?" Dorothy asked. "Those two men are as hot as hot can get. You've slept with both of them Jill? Wow, are you one lucky girl."

"Dorothy, this cunt has been fucking all three of them constantly since way before she should have. They manipulated the entire school. Everyone thought they hated Jill so obviously something had to be wrong with her. They wouldn't go near her. Sure, every boy in school wanted Jill but if the three amigos were that adamant that there was something wrong with her, they stayed away as well. Those three boys ignored every girl in school. I think, other than Jill, they spent the most time talking to me. I went all through school with a sopping wet pussy and I never as much as got a kiss out of any of them. They were always dating the models. Scratch that, they dated supermodels. Try competing with Cheryl and Christie. It pissed us all off," Suzie explained.

"So what does that have to do with Jeremy's comment?" Dorothy asked.

"Did you hear the one about the pilots who promised your husband pickled eggs?" Mark grinned as they walked up to join them.

"We both did," Dorothy, laughed. "Good God, don't let that happen please."

"Gina and Brianna were those pilots. I threatened to fire them if they even thought about it," Mark grinned. "We don't have to tell you about that Suzie. They were upset and said they had promised him they would get them for him."

"And I told them to fuck him if he can't take a joke," Gary laughed.

Jill leaned over, took Suzie's face, and pulled her close. "Darling, you know it's hard to say no to any of these guys so that is exactly what we are going to do. We are going to fuck their brains out and you two are in for the night of your life. I can finally say this to you and mean it." She kissed Suzie sweetly, "Welcome to the family darling."

Gary put his arm around Suzie and Mark put his around Dorothy. "Let us show you the house."

"Rose looked at Wendy and laughed, "We'll give them a few hours and then join them. It should be very interesting."

"Ya think?" Wendy giggled. "Check this out." Luke Bryan and Staci were walking down towards the water. "I bet she finally does him."

"Lucky girl," Rose giggled. "I'd do him."

"Rose, I love you with all my heart but I seriously think you'd do the Hunchback of Notre Dame." Wendy ducked as Rose tried to roundhouse her.

They walked back to the patio and saw that Jerry and Gina Jones were sitting with Donald Trump and his wife Melania. Richard Branson sat next to Ainsley and was very captivated by her. They talked about flying and she was her usual sponge for knowledge.

Ivanka Trump had joined Ronnie and they were all sitting by the pool laughing and having a wonderful time. 

"Gary, you've made so many changes to the house. I know I was here for the party back in high school but now, it is a palace," Suzie sighed. "If I had only known, I would have been all over you."

"You lying bitch," Mark laughed. "You were all over us, time and time again."

"Yes and I lost, didn't I? Do you three realize how many girls wanted you in school? I would have done you in Biology Class for what it is worth. Most of the girls said the same thing too. You have no idea. You couldn't handle them all."

"Oh my God," Mark grinned. "Did she just issue a challenge? Gar, it is time for a class reunion."

"No shit, Sherlock. The gauntlet has been thrown down," he said as he directed Suzie and Dorothy into his wing of the house.

"Wait, holy shit, you have three stripper poles in your bedroom?" Dorothy exclaimed. "Why do you need three poles?"

"Darling, this room gets a lot of use. Haven't you met Gary's ladies yet?" Mark said to Dorothy 

"Don't worry, if you haven't yet, you will before this night is over," Gary said as he took Suzie in his arms and turned her face to his. "I've been waiting a lifetime for this too." 

Suzie pushed him away. She walked over to Dorothy and grabbed Mark. She pushed both men down on the bed and she stood in front of them with her legs spread and hands on her hips. "Okay, motherfuckers, I have something to say and I've waited years to say this to you. I just wish Jeremy was here to hear what I have to say."

"Hold on, do you want Jeremy here?" Mark laughed.

"Damn right I do. I just wish he were here to listen to what I have to say. I am so mad at you three assholes."

Gary reached for the tablet and the massive big screen came to life. Jeremy smiled at the scene before him.

"What the fuck?" Dorothy giggled.

Suzie turned and saw his lovely face smiling and she went off like a Roman candle. "You three have pissed me off more than I can ever describe. Were you just that fucking blind, or were you simply mean as shit? What did a girl have to do to get it through any of your heads that we wanted you? Goddammit! I wanted to fuck you, you, and yes you over there in exile land. My best friend, a woman I love as much as I love each of you, had you all to herself and you never let me in. Why? Don't you think I could rock your world just as well as Jill?"

"Suzie, we all wanted you," Jeremy told her. "Jill wanted us to let you in but we had something so special with her and honestly, we didn't want to fuck that up. My mom was hell bent on having Jill marry one of us but we said no. She didn't know we had married her years before. She is our first and true love, and always will be."

"Do you think we are stupid?" Mark asked her seriously. "Suzie, next to Jill, there wasn't another girl in school to hold a candle to you. We all wanted you."

"What you didn't know is this. Frank has been a close friend all our lives. We knew he was just simply head over heels in love with you. Even back in the days when you didn't give him a second glance, we knew how he felt. Sure we teased the shit out of you," Gary grinned.

"And we did a fucking good job of it, I might add," Jeremy laughed.

"But we somehow knew this day would come too. Suzie, the three of us have lusted over you since we were very young. Tonight, we hope you will forgive us," Mark told her sincerely.

"You cocksuckers, you lovely, delicious cocksuckers; do you have any idea how many years of pent up orgasms you fuckers owe me? You don't know this because we haven't seen each other in a long time but, Frank and I are swingers. Tom and Dorothy play with us all the time. I am going to fuck your brains out tonight and I don't plan on stopping. I am so pissed Jeremy. I want you here too."

"Darling, I hope you heard what I said earlier. You are coming to Thailand from now on. The three amigos are going to rock your world unlike anything you've ever seen before. That, my love, is a promise. Gary, are Tom and Frank being taken care of?"

Gary burst out laughing, "Bro, Jill has everything under control. She isn't alone. Gina and Brianna are there and from what I heard; Brenda is making a command appearance."

"They won't be able to walk. Good. Dorothy, I know we haven't met yet but darling, you look delicious. You and your husband are definitely coming to Thailand as well. Does that work for you?" Jeremy asked.

"If it means I get to fuck the three of you, damned right, I wouldn't miss it for the world," she blushed.

"You have a deal darlings. Hey guys, can we break a rule once?"

Mark laughed, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

"Yeah I am. Ladies, no one comes to Thailand unless they have been 'certified'. That is simply a rule around here. I am proposing that we hold off on that until they get here. After all, we owe Frank and Suzie big time. What do you think?"

"I'm thinking I will need to buy a hospital jet," Gary snickered. "I also think it is a wonderful idea."

"Suzie, I have to ask this, I hope it doesn't offend you but I have to know. Are Frank and Tom bi by any chance?" Jeremy asked.

Suzie looked at Dorothy and they both blushed. She looked at Jeremy and nodded.

"Oh my God," Gary laughed. "Ohmigod! This is going to be one hell of a trip."

Gary walked to Suzie, tilted her face upwards and their eyes met. He felt her tremble as their eyes darted from a steady gaze to each other's lips and back. Their kiss was electric. Years of pent up passion flowed between them. Suzie was inflamed. 

Gary undid the clasp on her gown. It slipped to the floor. Suzie was still as good looking as she had been in high school. She never had children; still the tight, hot cheerleader she was back then. Her honey blonde hair cascaded off her shoulders. Gary kissed her neck while undoing the clasp on her bra. 

His tongue drove her lustfully insane as she fumbled while undoing his shirt. Her thin bra fell away. She inhaled sharply. For the first time in her life, she felt his naked flesh against her own. Her lips crushed his as her hands fell to his belt. He nibbled her lip and she felt weak. Her fingers undid his trousers but they did not fall away. He held her body close. She felt him pressing hard against her stomach and her knees shook. Gary picked her up and carried her to the bed. 

"Ohmigod, this is really happening, isn't it?" Suzie said breathlessly. "Please tell me this isn't a dream. I want this to be real darling."

"Yes, you delicious creature, it finally is happening. It is not a dream. You, on the other hand, are definitely a walking wet dream."

"Oh Gary, I want a promise from you two," she grinned as she raised her body up on one elbow. "I want you two to do us exactly the way Jill told me you do her."

"Dammit, sis is talking out of school again," Mark, laughed from across the room. He had Dorothy completely aroused and she loved it.

"We can't quite do that tonight baby. We have to take you two to Thailand to do that." Gary said as he started to kiss her spectacular body. "We will do our best though darling."

Two hours and many earth-shattering orgasms later, two wonderful women lay in total exhaustion. Smiles stretched across their lovely faces. They hadn't heard anything other than the shrieks and wails of their own sweet bliss as these two men had taken them to the extreme heights of passion. 

They also didn't hear four gorgeous women enter the suite and take their positions around the room. The women watched in silence as Suzie and Dorothy flailed and floated across the massive bed. 

"I don't know, I'm betting that was only phase one. What do you think Wendy?" Cherry purred.

Dorothy and Suzie sat bolt upright and looked around the room. 

"Definitely, that was just phase one baby. They haven't even started yet. I know our men. They have only just begun. I wonder what those cunts are doing upstairs," Wendy giggled.

Debbie started mixing drinks as Rose hung up the phone.

"Make more baby, they are coming down," Rose giggled as she started lighting candles and placing them around the room.

Cherry walked over to the bed and she kissed both women sensuously. "How is your night going dear?"
