 All characters are 18 years or over.




'Is Mia done yet?'

'No, sir; she's still using the classroom!'

'How many guys have come out of there so far?'

'Last I counted, 4. Unless, there are more in there, this one should be the last.'

'Damn it, Mia,' the teacher banged on the door. 'Unless you're gonna let the rest of us shove our cocks in your holes, you've got no right to keep the room hostage like this!'

As if by magic, the door opened and the whole class was treated to a view of Mia on the floor on her hands and knees, getting fucked from both ends like a pig in a spit. Her plaid skirt was bunched around her waist, and her white blouse unbuttoned all the way down so that people were treated to the view of one DD tit hanging out of her bra. Her dark hair was tied up in two neat little pigtails on either side of her head.

'Dayum!' said Tyrese, the huge African-American football star. 'Looks like Mia had her mouthful! Don't blame her 'cause she couldn't respond, Teach.'

The mousey Mr Wagner shook his head and pushed his glasses a little further up his nose. 'Mia, what did I say about fucking at school premises?' he asked sternly.

Mia's face crumpled like a kid whose favorite toy had been taken away. With astounding grace she pulled the cock buried deep within her throat, only managing to gag slightly, and looked at her homeroom teacher, pouting.

'But Mr. Wagner,' she reasoned, as the filthy vagrant behind her plunged his unwashed cock deep in her twat. 'When I came to school early this morning, I found this nice little hobo lying in the middle of the tennis court. I figured he must've gotten in there during the weekends!'

'Mia --' Mr Wagner began to chastise.

'No listen,' Mia pouted even more, her eyes almost swimming with tears. 'When the poor man told me that it had been a while since he had fucked a nice, tender little pussy; I felt sorry for him! Then he summoned all his fellow vagrant friends who had also been lying randomly around the court and introduced me to them. I realized that they had moss growing out of their clothes. I thought they were overgrown grass fields or something,' she murmured the last to herself. 'But anyways,' she beamed at her homeroom teacher even as her hands strained to keep herself steady as the tramp behind her gave one powerful thrust, nearly lifting her legs in the air as cum trickled steadily out of her cunt in a thin stream. 'I'm really glad that I could let them feel what it's like to fuck a teenage pussy once again! Tee hee!'

The room was full of the sopping wet noise of a cock being plunged in and out the glory hole, as the two fornicating people fell silent to finish their business. 

Mr. Wagner slightly adjusted the bulge in his pants and cleared his throat. The 30 odd students behind him fixated on the scene in front of them. At last, when he saw the filthy vagrant bury its cock deep inside the teenager and stay motionless for a few seconds, did Mr Wagner speak again.

'Mia, I am afraid that this is unacceptable,' he said sternly. 'You cannot fuck strangers in school premises... If you wish to do so, then please remember that you can fuck only students or faculty members!'

'Done!' she said as the hobo pulled put of her and collapsed beside his fellow hobo friend, flaccid cock dangling loosely as he panted for dear life. 

She inserted two fingers in her twat and wiggled them so that some cum spilled out. 'Well, that's about as clean as it's gonna get,' she said, licking those fingers clean. 'Dig in, everyone! Tee hee!' she winked and blew them all kisses like a contestant in Miss Universe.

Tyrese shrugged. 'I don't mind! I remember when the whole team fucked her after we won the match against Westfield High. No condoms were used and we lubed her well enough with our juices! Haha!'

'Oh Tyrese,' Mia squealed. 'I remember the feel of that thick, black cock of yours tearing me up inside! Nobody has been able to get so deep in me since then! Oh,' she bit her lower lip. 'I do want to feel it inside me again! Please!!' she pleaded the last, pouting.

Tyrese smirked and pulled his shirt over his head. 

Mia marveled at the musculature male in front of her. Tyrese was huge at 6'8. He was one of those African-American whose skin was truly black. With a bald head and an 11 inch long cock which was 2 ½ inches wide, many girls were afraid of his sheers size. But not Mia, she was not like that blonde bimbo Stacey who had dreamed of bedding Tyrese for months only to have back tracked at the last moment!

The huge black man positioned himself behind her, adjusting their arrangement with his big, black hands around her waist. Mia marveled at the disparity between his jet black skin and her pure white pelt. 

Without further ado, Tyrese shoved his fat cock inside, knowing that the semen of 5 other men has sufficiently lubricated her ... all 11 inch of him slid home in one clean sweep. Mia felt a pocket of air from what remained of the semen inside her puff out as Tyrese's grotesquely bountiful cock prodded her womb. The whole class was treated to a perfect view of a pure white pussy being violated with a well hung black cock.

'What's the matter, Mia? Can't handle his size?' Mr. Wagner chuckled, as she winced slightly.

She licked her lips and cleared her throat as Tyrese began to move. 'Ha, as if! I handled 25 cocks on the night they won the game, including this one, remember?' she wiggled her ass and pushed back against Tyrese. 'You were there too with the other teachers!'

'Yes, and that would mean you handled 33 cocks in total; I must not be teaching you maths properly if you're that bad at arithmetic!' Mr. Wagner said disappointingly.

Mia stuck out her tongue and winked. 'You don't teach me anything at all; you're just my homeroom teacher, silly!'

'So am I,' he said, a little surprised. He then turned to the rest of the students behind him. 'Well class, since I've already called the roll today in the hallway, we don't really need to use the room any more. To all the boys: strip and get in line to go after Tyrese! STAT!'

'But sir, what if we're late for class?' someone asked.

'Oh, don't worry about that; I'm sure if they knew you were fucking Mia, they would give you a pass! After all, I haven't met a single teacher who has not had the pleasure of fucking her,' he said with a wink.

All the male student body agreed. All 15 of them stripped and got in line, fisting their cocks enthusiastically as they waited for their turn to have a go at her pussy. 

The female students left to go to their respective classes. 

Tyrese stuck a thick, black finger up her ass and came away with precious, white cum. 'Dayum! It's all greased up, Teach! Sure you don't wanna join?'

'Huh! Who said I wasn't gonna take part in the first place?' Mr. Wagner asked annoyed, as he began to unbuckle his pants.

Tyrese made way for their homeroom teacher, and when he began to gently slide his cock up Mia's ass, she stayed still and let her dutiful Teach finish inserting his 8 inch long pecker.

After he was done, Mr Wagner exclaimed. 'Damn it, Mia! There's so much cum in there!'

'Well, what did you expect? It is a well used hole, after all! Tee hee!'

'Holes,' Tyrese corrected. 'All 3 of your holes are well used today!'

'As is everyday! Tee hee!'

'And they are still very tight,' Wagner grunted as he began to move.

Mia could only nod a she stayed still, feeling the exquisite sensation brought upon her anus by her homeroom teacher's meaty pole. 

Anal sex is different from normal sex. Most people were afraid of it because if not done correctly, it could be quite painful. But Mia had made sure that before the first of the hobo's stuck their dirty cocks inside, she had lubed it thoroughly. As such, she now felt the exquisite sensation of her anal nerve endings being caressed -- it would've been a totally different sensation if she let them in dry. Needless to say that after 6 vagrants have had their fun in her ass, there was no more lube left. However there was plenty of cum left inside alright, and they lubricated just fine!

Mr Wagner pushed, and Tyrese pulled; making sure that she was never empty of cock for one second. Together, they fucked Mia as well as they should... Ebony and ivory; working together to bring solid, hard fucking of harmony!

All the male students knew Mia hated rubber. So when their turn came, they all rode her bareback; blasting cum inside her one after the other as she moaned, regaling in the joy of being used like a well used fuck toy. 

Mia was notorious at school and around the tri-state area for fucking anything remotely resembling a phallus. If there was anyone around, and if he was a man, then it was safe to have assumed that he had jizzed inside her. She had fucked almost all of the male student body at her school, including all the male teachers. She knew what everybody said about her reputation, and she LOVED it!

Mia did not discriminate; she fucked anyone as long as they had a cock: black and white, old and young, Asian and Indian, married and single... nobody was excluded.

Indeed, she was so proud of her conquests, that she routinely let boys take naked pictures of her with their semen spilling out of her various holes to show to their friends. 

Everybody knew where to go to get a free pussy! And if there were any school matches taking place, it was a tradition to share Mia around the night before for a good ole' round of brotherly bonding.

Mia took her role to shower every cock with undivided attention so seriously that she routinely gave strangers blow jobs just because they turned up at her house after hearing rumors on various social networking sites.

Some might say it's indecent, and police have turned up at her doorstep while she was in the middle of letting a man blow his load down her throat. But after reassuring them that no exchange of money took place, she let the nice police officers blow their load inside her pussy and ass as well. In the end, everybody went home happy. 

Mia's refusal to let the guys wear rubber was hailed amongst the men, as most hated the feel of it...

So then it was left for every man to cum inside her as they pleased. Thus, it was not uncommon to see a hobo in some dingy alleyway emptying their unwashed balls inside her holes. Or some rich business men who would playfully tie her up in their expensive beds and have a go at her in some company sponsored gang bang for better productivity!

Thus, after having performed her duties like a well used cum bucket, if any man asked for a favor as she was walking home with the thick smell of cum wafting all around her, she would happily comply. Therefore, scenes of her coming out of a guy's car in the middle of the night with her clothes and pigtails in disarray, or one tit hanging off her bra and a thick stream of cum trickling down her thighs were not uncommon.

The police were involved here once more... They pulled up beside a stationary car on the side of the road. With their flash lights, they saw Mia on the floor of the vehicle near a man, giving him a titty fuck with her massive melons, still in her upright school uniform. 

When she reassured them that no money was involved as the man showered ribbons of cum across her nose, cheeks, and chin; they informed her that it was still an indecent public exposure. She then pointed out they were in the middle of a deserted road with no habitats for a mile. The police officers then agreed and took her to the nearby bushes and fucked her.

When a judge saw the on board recordings from the camera mounted on the dashboard of the police car of 2 officers emerging from shrubbery, zipping their pants with a semi-naked schoolgirl behind them, he seeked to give them a disgraceful dismissal. However, Mia convinced him to rule otherwise. 

All everyone could tell was that they saw a girl with massive perky titties wearing a punishingly short plaid skirt and pigtails coming out of Judge Morale's chamber, living behind a trail of smell that was suspiciously similar to freshly squirted cum. 

The judge's PA then went into the chamber 2 minutes later to find him breathless and sprawled in his expensive wing backed arm chair, his black robe in disarray and his flaccid cock dangling loosely out of the opening in his pants.