 Authors Notes:

Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series should not be, in any way, considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around.

*****

Dorothy and Suzie grabbed Gary and they each kissed him tenderly. Jill had gone over the financial aspects of the job. They were officially on the payroll. 

"Girls, I know I am pushing you into a position that needs your expertise immediately. It is critically important to me that you get the full picture of what we are doing as quickly as possible. The beauty of the job is that you can do it from anywhere on earth. You are going to be travelling with us most of the time."

"I hope that is okay with Frank and Tom," Suzie smiled. 

"Somehow, I think that will just be fine with them," Gary grinned as he looked over Suzie's shoulder to see Frank and Tom walking arm in arm with Jill and Tammy. "She just had a talk with them so I know it will be fine."

Tammy ran into Gary's arms, kissing him wildly. "I was going to really get angry with you."

"Why baby?"

"Everyone is leaving. They are either moving to Vegas or points beyond. You won't be here. You were pulling a Gary on me again. Get me all hot and bothered and then, poof, you're gone. I was worried I wouldn't have anyone to fuck but then you left me such sweet presents. I love you so much."

"I'm almost afraid to ask. What presents did I leave you sweetheart?"

"Well baby, Frank and Tom have to be in Orlando most of the week so I'm figuring they will be spending time here while you're gone. We won't be alone." She turned to Suzie and Dorothy who were laughing wildly, "See girls, that's my man. He is always so considerate of my feelings."

"Sounds like he is more considerate of your pussy Tammy," Dorothy giggled.

"You're learning darling. When you have a pussy as precious as mine, it must be considered a priority at all times." She giggled and kissed Dorothy and Suzie.

"Tammy, there are always people here to play with. Yes, most of the gang is going to be spread out all over the continent but we will still have our base right here," Jill told her. "For ten freaking years I listened to how much he missed you girl. Do you think he would leave you high and dry now? Think about it baby. He ain't that brave."

"I love you too sis," Gary grinned. "You're right; I am not that brave at all."

"Brave, ha, that's a hoot! What is it that you are not brave enough to do bro?" Mark grinned as he walked in on the last of the conversation.

"He's not brave enough to leave my hot, sweet, tight, black pussy empty while you pricks are gallivanting all over the country," Tammy snickered. "Bravery isn't really an issue, is it? Stupidity would be a more appropriate term."

"You got that right darling and that's why we take you everywhere we go. You may think it is because we love you. Actually, truth be told, it is self-preservation," Mark said and ducked immediately. 

Suzie looked to Jill and rolled her eyes. "They are older, definitely more handsome than ever, but they still haven't grown up, have they?" Suzie grinned at Jill.

"No baby, they are still the incorrigible son's of bitches we all fell in love with back in high school. I love it," Jill beamed. "I'm going to be shuttling people back to the airport. Want to fly with me?"

"Hell yes," Dorothy screamed. "I've never flown in a helicopter."

Gary and Mark said goodbye to everyone and left their guests in the good hands of the flight crews. They had three days to relax before a whirlwind would propel them into a frenzy that would take them to Hawaii in two and a half months.

When the last of the guests boarded the helicopter, Mark started to laugh. Cherry looked to see what had touched his funny bone and she burst out laughing too.

Gary was pouring drinks when Mark yelled that it was transformation time. He looked and saw Tammy and the girls frantically putting the playhouse back in proper working order.

The chopper had no sooner settled back on the landing pad when Tammy's voice was heard, "House rules are now in effect."

"Finally," Shannon grinned as she walked out on the patio. Tom and Frank stood speechless as they gazed on her glorious, Asian naked presence. "This has been a long few days."

It did not take long before everyone was naked, relaxing and having a good time. Mark looked over at the patio and chuckled. Gary saw it too and he winked at Mark.

Cherry, Wendy, Debbie, and Rose were walking towards them. Frank and Tom could not see them as they had their backs to them. Rose had an exceptionally playful, wicked grin on her face. 

Cherry walked up to Mark; she tilted his chin kissing him spectacularly. Her perfect body moved effortlessly as her dark hair fell on his shoulders.

Wendy kissed Gary deliciously, stood, and turned into Mark. Cherry turned into Gary and the two women began to tease and please these two men. 

Frank and Tom sat there in total amazement. Suzie and Dorothy had just walked out on the patio as all this was starting. Jill grabbed them and motioned for them to be quiet. They walked to the Tiki bar and Jim poured them drinks. 

Debbie and Rose walked up to Tom and Frank. They kissed them deeply and passionately. 

Rose, being in full-blown Rose mode, guaranteed that things promised to get intense very quickly. Jim reached down behind the bar, grabbed something, and walked over to Rose. She kissed him and walked behind the two men.

"My darlings, we have something very special in mind for you right now," she whispered. She deftly blindfolded both of the men, kissing them and teasing them fully. Debbie wrapped her hand around Tom's cock and Rose did the same to Frank. 

The men felt their hands caressing them, building them to full strength. Soft, wet lips enveloped them. The sensational hot, sweet mouths plus the expert caressing drove both men wild. 

"Ohmigod," Suzie gushed as she sat there in utter disbelief at what she was witnessing.

The blowjobs their two men were experiencing were amazing. Each man was in the capable control of a sexual, hungry tigress. Their men could not have been in better hands.

In unison, both women slid up and onto their ultra hard cocks. Their pussies were like hot velvet, soft and so sweet. The women were vociferous in their passion and desire. 

They began to give these blindfolded men the ultimate in lap dances. Their pussies pulled and clasped onto their respective hardness as they danced on the end of their thick cocks. 

Soft kisses cascaded over their chests, necks, and lips. The feel of sweet, firm breasts crushing against their flesh, drove those cocks deeper into each wonderful woman. Fingernails traced playfully across their necks while their pussies milked each cock with unfathomable expertise. 

"Oh girls," Cherry sighed, "those cocks look like they need a hotter, tighter place to play. Shove those hot cocks up your asses my loves. I know how sweet those cocks are. Shove them in your ass and let these two take you to heaven."

Again, in unison, both women ascended those towering poles and placed them against their tight rosebuds. They moaned in unison as they slowly opened and enveloped them. Then they slid fully onto their long, hard, throbbing cocks. 

The searing heat and the delicious tightness were driving both men wild. They loved the feeling more than they could explain. Certainly, the fact that they were wearing blindfolds had to play a part in their heightened sensations. 

These women were on fire. Their sultry movements rapidly built as they wantonly stabbed their own greedy asses with these fine weapons. Two, hot, tight assholes gripped those strong cocks frantically. There was no stopping them. The women began immense climaxes. The clamping force they each displayed was intense, thrilling, and breathtaking. Their body-hugging grip on each cock literally pulled themselves out of their own bodies with each thrust and pull. The women kept cumming. Intense was an understatement.

Rose and Debbie walked behind the men and quickly and unexpectedly removed the blindfolds. Tom looked into Beyoncé's laughing eyes while Frank gazed into Carmen Electra's angelic face. Both women were cumming hard and the men lost it immediately. 

Frank wrapped his arms around Carmen, stood, and picked her up. Still buried, deep inside her ass, he carried her to the cabana bed and laid her down. Frank kissed her and began to fuck her ass harder and deeper than he had ever fucked any ass before. 

Tom joined him and together, both women took the spectacular fucking lovingly, and wantonly. They begged for more, so very much more. They switched and started over again. Screams of lust wafted over the grounds. It did not take long before everyone was engaged in something erotic and wet. 

Suzie had fallen face first onto Mark's lap. She impaled her face on his long, broad cock. Wendy giggled, kissed her, and slid between her lush, swollen, tender lips. She instantly tasted Suzie's sweetness and marveled that, with each of Mark's deep thrusts into her throat, Suzie's pussy gushed deliciously onto Wendy's soft tongue. 

Dorothy was attacking Gary with a passion that appeared to be unquenchable. All these years, she had listened to Suzie tell her of the three amigos and how fucking sexy they were and how she wished she had done them. Dorothy's heart sang as she realized the man she was with, right this minute, lived up to his reputation in every aspect: wonderful, kind, funny, and gorgeous. The fact that he was a billionaire and a fabulous fuck didn't hurt. Her head was swimming and her pussy gushing. Does it get any better than this, she wondered.

"Well ladies," Rose said as she looked to Cherry, Jill, and Debbie. "It looks like we finally have some relief around here."

"Oh yeah," Cherry whispered, "It's about time someone else took some of the burden from our shoulders."

Mark and Gary looked at the women who sat there snickering lovingly. Neither of them said a word.

Jill's eyes glazed over as she sat at the bar with Jim. "Payback is a bitch," she laughed. 

Carmen and Beyonce were cumming hard. Dorothy was riding Gary's lap and screaming herself. Suzie's screams muffled as Mark was flooding her face with his sweet cum. 

Jim walked over to the edge of the pool. He motioned for the girls to join him. They were laughing and giggling just before he shoved them into the pool.

Jill roared.

Suzie looked up, licked a pearl of cum from her lips, smiled at Jill. "I'm going to kill you if you tell me this is what I've been missing for all these years."

"Guess I'm a dead girl, huh? Baby, it's always been good but now, it is exceptional. Now, you see what your new office is actually like. Do you like it?"

"I love it," she giggled. "I think Dorothy is in lust too."

Gary hung up his phone and motioned for Mark to come with him. They jumped into the chopper and headed to the airport. The pilots were arriving home and they were ready to party. Mark called Linda and let her know it would be almost a full house tonight.  

Tammy and Linda had been smoking meat all day. When they touched down for the last time that night, the sweet smell of barbecue filled the air. 

People were milling around, eating, and laughing when Jim picked up the microphone. "I want everyone to know that we are breaking the rules just this once. Dorothy, Suzie, Frank, and Tom are being 'certified' but not here. Jeremy insisted that we wait and have them 'certified' in Thailand. Now, personally, we know what that means. We have been there. They have not. Would it be off base if I suggested that they need at least one rehearsal?"

A resounding chorus of friendly obscenities filled the air. Jill burst out laughing while Mark and Gary took extra helpings of barbeque. They knew they would need their strength.

The next few months flew by.

The Las Vegas opening was a massive success. Mark finally met Tom, Cherry's ex-boss, who had been so helpful with everything he needed to make her well again. They became instant friends. All the dancers from Sapphires showed up and an impromptu party broke out later at Marks. 

Nashville exceeded everyone's wildest imagination. Industry night closely resembled the CMA awards. Everyone who was anyone in the Country Music field was there. The party lasted all night long. When the club opened to the public, it was standing room only in minutes.

Red and Nancy were freaking out. The next three clubs, Dallas, Miami, and Oklahoma City were just warm-ups for the impossible task ahead for New Years. They had three days to open three clubs and only two of them to insure these clubs were perfect. 

The Dallas opening was particularly special. Roberta became the Center manager, thrilling her immensely. She managed the Velvet Glove and Phil was in charge of Country Girl. Matt was running the restaurant and loving it. Ainsley had suggested that they stay with her until a suitable house became available for them to live in. 

Jerry and Gina Jones had invited the entire team and the Cheerleaders to opening night. Ainsley was speechless. Gina could not stop laughing but she had a big surprise in store for her. Not only had they invited the current team but they also brought in the former players as well. Ainsley had been a fan as long as she could remember. 

Mark looked at Gary and grinned. "I hope we have Ainsley on camera," he said into his microphone. "Watch her face Gar; it is going to get intense in here in just a minute."

"Ohmigod, I want to meet them too. Those two have been my favorites of all time."

Gina Jones walked up to Ainsley from the rear. Ainsley turned to her and all the color in her face drained completely. She was more than speechless. Gina stood there with two gorgeous black men who she simply had to introduce to the Cowboy's sexiest fan. The sight of these two men had literally blown her mind.

"Darling, I know they don't need any introduction but they wanted to come over and say hello to the single best fan the Cowboys have ever had."

"Gary, I want you to meet two of my good friends. Say hello to Emmitt Smith and Tony Dorsett," Mark laughed as he kissed Gina hello. "Don't mind Ainsley guys, she'll come around in a few minutes."

Ainsley grabbed Mark and held on for dear life. He laughed, kissed Ainsley again, grabbed Gina, and headed off to find Jerry. 

"She'll never be the same Gina," Mark laughed. "For that matter, neither will Gary. Those two are huge fans."

December 28th was the public opening of the Times Square Center in Midtown Manhattan. Between Donald and Mark, they had located a property that perfectly filled the bill. The renovations were intense and expensive but ultimately worth it. Red and Nancy had out done themselves. 

No one expected an industry night like what occurred in New York. Everything was the same as with the preceding openings with one major exception. They failed to take into account the celebrity of their own, sweet, Brenda Lutz. Broadway came out in force. Wendy sent a text to Gary telling him that the dancers' dressing rooms looked like a funeral parlor with all the flowers. 

Every fashion model was there. Many had already signed with Lori and the rest wanted to sign as soon as humanly possible. The one thing they all had in common was a deep, gut-wrenching hatred of Trainer. Mark was not setting out to break him. His own clients were. 

There was no time to waste. As soon as Toby Keith's Red Solo cup played, everyone headed to the airport. Los Angeles opened in just a few hours. It was crazy busy from the moment they were wheels down in Los Angeles. This was going to be a wild two days.  

Hollywood came out this time. The success of the Centers had spread like wildfire. Videos had gone viral and it was THE ticket to have in Los Angeles. 

Maya and Tila had made an addition to the Dorgasmic.com Club Camera programming. Now, not only could you have your photo taken and sent to you; you could tweet your photo to the world. Those tweets were fast becoming a status symbol unlike any other. 

The entertainment industry loved the entire concept. The public ate it up. 

When they were wheels up and all jets heading west over the blue Pacific waters a stark realization settled in. Everyone was tired. They knew they had a well-deserved rest coming up.

Cherry vowed that Hawaii was definitely going to end differently this year. So much had happened. She was lucky to be alive. She had come to realize that she was probably the luckiest woman on earth today. She had a man who actually loved her for who she was. He knew her flaws and he put up with all of her crazy bullshit, even when it was hurtful and painful. He never flinched in his undying love for her. 

She also realized that she actually had serious, loving friends who would be there for her anytime she needed them as well. That, probably more than anything else, had shaken her to the core. She had come to accept it and had actually embraced it fully.

There was something else too. Something that was different. Her head was unscrambled. She had focus, drive, and a calmness that had never been there before. Of course, she knew she was safe. That was a huge plus. Couple that with financial independence and an unmatched sex life, who wouldn't feel good. Most importantly, she had broken the barrier and embraced love for the first time in her life. 

Cherry smiled as she lay back in her seat on the Gulfstream G650. She had her guys too. Those three gorgeous black hunks of orgasmic beauty were the best gift Mark had ever given her. She loved each one of them but she loved Mark even more. She closed her eyes and smiled.

A chime sounded. "Orgasm 2, this is Orgasm 1. I have to know if you are experiencing the same technical difficulties we are over here?" Jack grinned.

"Orgasm 1, this is Orgasm 2. Actually, it used to be Orgasm 2. Now, unfortunately, I have to refer to ourselves as Geriatric 2." Alan laughed.

"Orgasm 1, this is Limp Dick One," Brianna giggled. "It seems to be company wide. I don't think they could get it up if they tried."

Cherry's smile grew wider. She was sitting there, listening to those wonderful, crazy fucks, and reminiscing on her first flights with them. 

"Orgasm 1, this is Big Boner 1. Do not know what your problem is. I have Michelle, Lori, and Ainsley aboard. I'm not a doctor but I can tell you, the blood pressure on this flight is just fine thank you very much," Phil laughed.

The cockpit door opened and Tom looked back out into the cabin. "Attention all pilots: She is sitting there with some kind of shit eating grin on her face. She still has her clothes on. Is there a Doctor on board?"

Gina's voice came throughout the cabins intercom, "Orgasm 1, this is Limp Dick 1. I think this would work. Stand by and let me see if I can make this happen." There was static briefly but soon, Baditude wafted through all of the speakers on all jets. "Oh, that's good. It does work. Now, let's see if this works." Four large-screen TV's came to life on four jets.

Cherry started to laugh. Mark leaned over and kissed her sweetly. 

"Didn't someone call for a doctor?" Phil laughed from Michelle's jet. "Is there a Doctor in the house?"

Baditude cranked right up when the bedroom door opened and three, exceptionally naked, black men, danced up the aisle. Cherry was looking at the TV and saw motion behind her. She turned, screamed for joy, and ran into Rashad's strong arms. 

"This is so much better. The Orgasm Squadron is back in the air," Tom giggled as a massive orgy erupted. 

"Ohmigod, I am so glad to see you," Cherry gushed as Rashad hugged her tightly. She kissed him, Jamal and Chris. She turned, ran back to Mark, kissing him deeply and lovingly. She ran back to the guys who were saying hello to everyone onboard. She grabbed them and pulled them back to the bedroom.
