 Authors Notes:

Disclaimer: Celebrity appearances in this series should not be, in any way, considered realistic. They are included for the entertainment of open-minded adults only. Their thoughts, words, and deeds are in no way indicative of the real celebrity. They exist here only to build a story around.

*****

Cherry was still in shock as the parade of limos assembled at the hotel. Tourists walked in from the street to gaze upon and photograph the ensemble of succulent gorgeousness awaiting carriage to the banquet. The blue Hawaiian skies only enhanced the color of her gown and the spectacular jewelry she wore. Her hands were shaking as she took Mark's hand. The smile had only grown larger in the few minutes since he proposed to her.

He looked into her eyes and smiled, "Are you alright?"

"I'm shocked, almost paralyzed with fear, and happier than I have ever been in my life. Are you sure you want my crazywhatsisness for the rest of your life?"

"For the rest of this lifetime and all future lifetimes to come, yes I certainly do darling." 

She put her head on his shoulder and looked up into his eyes. "You are a very strange man, but I love you with all of my heart. You've made me the happiest girl alive."

The limo rounded the corner and proceeded to drop Mark and Cherry at the start of the Red Carpet. Like last year, the assault of flash units left them nearly blind. The difference this year was simple. Cherry was on Mark's arm and she was electric on the Red Carpet. 

They started the long walk down the Red Carpet stopping every few feet to speak with one news outlet or another. Mark looked down the line and saw a familiar, friendly face. He directed Cherry to the spot where Courtney Friel from Fox News was conducting interviews.

"Hello Mark," she said as she leaned over and kissed Cherry. "Girl, you never cease to amaze me. You look positively stunning tonight. I love that dress. I'll be sure to tell Shannon how much I love it. I saw her get out of the limo a few minutes ago."

"Thank you Courtney, I'm so happy tonight, I can hardly express myself," Cherry beamed.

"Well, I know you've been very busy lately. The Honolulu club is amazing. I had a terrific time the other night. I hear you are finally going to take a bit of a break. I think you need it. By the way Cherry, I simply love that necklace, sapphires, and diamonds, what a delicious combination."

"Courtney, I've got a scoop for you. Mark gave me this necklace just an hour ago. It matches this," she said as she held out her hand.

Courtney's eyes widened, and she looked into Cherry's eyes. "Does this mean what I think it means?"

"Yes it does."

Courtney turned to the camera, "This is a Fox News Alert. You heard it here first. Mark Banner, billionaire attorney, sports representative to the stars, and the most eligible bachelor on the west coast has proposed to the most photographed model and dancer in the country today, Cherry Anderson. To be fair and balanced and for full disclosure, Cherry and I are friends, and I have to tell you, I didn't see this coming. What did you say when he asked you?"

Cherry looked at Mark who laughed, "Courtney, for once, she was speechless. She started nodding and I was sure I heard something rattle. I asked her if that was a yes and apparently, it was," Mark grinned. "We are very happy tonight."

Courtney laughed, put down her microphone and hugged Cherry and Mark. 

She picked up her microphone and turned back to the camera. "This has been a Fox News Alert. It finally happened; Mark Banner is off the market." She hugged them again and then she turned to Mark and told him she needed to talk to him soon. She wanted him to represent her. He told her he would consider it an honor to handle everything for her.

"Wonderful Mark, now the only question is, will I be a client or a friend?"

"If Gary has anything to say about it, you'll be a friend for sure," Cherry giggled.

Gary and the girls were directly behind Mark and Cherry on the Red Carpet. Gary heard his name mentioned and saw Courtney Friel standing there. He made a mental note to find out what that was all about later. For now, it was his turn to talk to her. Her beauty, as usual, mesmerized him. 

Rose, Wendy, and Debbie shone on that carpet. They enjoyed their conversation with Courtney immensely. Of course, the conversation centered on the gorgeous ring Mark had just bestowed on Cherry. Everyone was happy. 

Holly followed Gary in the procession down the Red Carpet. Just before she got to Courtney, her micro-cell phone went off. It was Mark. She smiled when she heard what he wanted.

She moved up and Courtney was very happy to see her. They talked about the clubs and the success they were experiencing. Holly was more than happy to fill her in on everything. When the interview was over, Holly told her she knew what she had asked Mark. "Do you know the difference?"

Courtney laughed, hugged Holly, and whispered that two of her best friends were recently 'certified'.

"Ohmigod, Gary is going to lose his fucking mind," Holly whispered. "If that is the case my dear, I expect to see you at our, very private, very wet, after party tonight back at our hotel. You are going to blow quite a few minds but I can guarantee you one thing. Once I get you 'certified', personally, I will know the true meaning of heaven on earth. " 

The banquet was fun. The women were amazed at the gorgeousness of all those sexy athletes. The Banner staff was used to being around many good-looking black studs but the D'Orgasmic crowd was simply stuck to their chairs. 

"Would I be out of line if I said I wanted to fuck everyone here?" Jill asked Red who sat next to her.

"Well darling, I don't think so. However, you are not alone. I may need you to help me constrain my St. Bernard," she laughed as both women looked at Nancy who, as usual, was drooling immensely. "I really have to take her to the vet and get that fixed."

"As long as they give me a bone," Nancy quipped. "How many of these people are coming back tonight?"

"Only a handful tonight darling," Jill told her. "The big party will be after the game tomorrow. Somehow, I just know you'll have a blast."

The press was all over Cherry and Mark. Courtney's report had been instantly picked up by all the media and they all wanted details. Cherry was happily talking to them, telling them that there were no plans yet. She told them that no matter how surprised they were, it was nothing compared to how blown away she was.

"I love Mark with all my heart. Honestly, I would have been quite content to be on his arm for the rest of my life. I never would have complained a bit but now, I will be Cherry Banner and that hasn't quite sunk in yet. I just know that he is either the dumbest guy I've ever known, or I'm the luckiest woman alive."

"Why would you think Mark was dumb," a reporter asked her.

Cherry flashed him her drop-dead perfect smile and told him, 'I can be difficult at times. I have a very hard time believing that good things can happen. Now, don't get me wrong, that just may change after today."

Jill saw Cherry talking to the reporters and she got up and walked to her. The interview had just ended and Jill grabbed her and pulled her into an embrace. "I love you. I love Mark. Together we love Gary and Jeremy. I never had a sister until now. I want you to know that I love you with all my heart Cherry. We have one hell of a family, and I wouldn't change any of it. I am so happy for you."

Cherry started to cry. "Oh God, I was so worried that this would upset you."

"Okay, this calls for one smack on the ass later. I talked to Mark many times about this. He is the first one to pull the trigger. Gary almost did it with Connie many years ago. I was all for that too. Connie had become one of my closest friends and lovers. She was adorable, just like you. I want you to be happy. I want to be happy too. I know that nothing will ever change as far as the three amigos and I are concerned. Gary has his girls and we both love them, right? I have all the men in my life I want and need. Collectively, we have the best life on the planet. I love you Cherry. More than you'll ever know," Jill smiled as she kissed her sweetly.

Gary walked up to Mark laughing. "Wow, I didn't see that coming; probably should have but I didn't. Congratulations buddy. Did you have a chance to look over that file I emailed you?"

Mark looked him square in the eye and burst out laughing. "You motherfucker, do you ever sleep?"

"Every second Thursday," Gary laughed and went to get them a drink. When he came back, he handed Mark his drink and said, "Think about it. I sent the file to Jeremy as well. We are going to be busy for the next six months. I told him that we'd talk to him about it when we got to Thailand. That way, he has time to put his spin on it too. Ahh, it's time for dinner."

The banquet was amazing. Everyone had a wonderful time. After dinner, Holly walked up to Gary and pulled him aside. They had a brief conversation and when Holly walked away, Gary had the most incredible look on his face. 

Cherry saw this and sauntered over to him. "Gee Gar, The last time I saw that look on your face was when Beyoncé took the blindfold off you on the jet. Are you alright?"

"Honey, I, uh I don't know," Gary stammered.

"Oh, what's wrong?"

"I just learned something pretty amazing," he said. "I don't know if I can properly process it, that's all."

Cherry looked and saw Mark, Courtney, Jill, Holly, Beyoncé, and Carmen standing with Gary's girls. They were giggling when Cherry leaned into Gary, kissed him deeply, and whispered in his ear, "She gets a full ride, friend's contract." Cherry kissed him one more time and stood back to watch the expression on his face.

Gary stood there, shocked, dumbstruck, and blown away. He looked at Mark who had the biggest shit-eating grin on his face.

"YES! Ohmigod, YES!"

Carmen leaned over to Beyoncé and Courtney, "He's not the only one who can rock someone's world."

Wendy, Rose, and Debbie started laughing. "Oh damn, I hope he survives."

Gary walked over to them and took Courtney's hand. "Congratulations Courtney, I hear you are signing with Mark. That is wonderful news." 

"Thanks Gary, I've wanted to for a long time. The time is right so I figured it was now or never."

"That's a good thing. I do hope you have a very large closet," Gary said as he leaned into her and kissed her cheek. "You're going to need it. I have to go and find Shannon. Will you be at the party tonight?"

"Yes, I was just invited. Why do I need a big closet?"

"My lovely ladies will let you in on a little secret. Excuse me, I must find Shannon. You'll love her to death," he said as he walked away.

A moment later, Gary smiled as he heard Courtney shriek with joy. He figured Rose had done her job.

Later, back in the hotel, Courtney saw Gary and she marched right over to him. "I can't believe that you would do that for me. Why would you do that? Come on Gary, answer me."

Gary looked into her precious eyes and simply stated, "When one of the earth's true beauties is going to become a part of my family, why wouldn't I do precisely what I have done?"

"Don't get me wrong. Wow, I have to tell you that I was never expecting that. I've wanted Mark to represent me for a long time. I know the two of you are friends and have been since forever. I do my research well, but I never dreamt that you would give me anything, much less your entire catalog. That is so generous. Thank you. Thank you so much."

Rose, Ashley, and Shannon walked up and they each kissed Gary hello. Gary introduced Courtney to Shannon. Rose introduced Ainsley to Courtney as well.

"I can't tell you how many times we've lain in bed watching Red Eye with you sitting on the end, dangling one shoe. Greg made a quip one night about people with shoe fetishes. Gary roared when he heard that one. Well darling, Ainsley is the person who will make you the finest shoes and boots in the world," Rose told her. 

"I, on the other hand, will absolutely love to see to it that everything you've ever wanted to wear fits you to a tee," Shannon said, licking her lips. "Gary, dammit, you do have delicious tastes in women."

"Well, I'd have to go a long way to beat what I already have darling," Gary grinned.

"Carmen and Beyoncé have told me all about you, Mr. Edwards. Then I talked to your lovely women and they graciously explained the 'certification' process. My only question is when do we begin?" Courtney eyes blazed.

Mark walked up and heard the last of that question. He looked at Gary and smiled, "Well, when do we?"

Gary was lost in thought. A few months ago, in the middle of the night, an emergency call came in from Lori. The net result was Beyoncé had entered their family. Three days later, Carmen Electra was a member. Now, Courtney Friel was standing here wanting to know when her certification would begin. The world is full of beautiful women but these three were clearly head and shoulders ahead of the rest. 

Gary looked at the crowd and saw that there were no athletes here tonight. He didn't expect any as the game was tomorrow. He knew that tomorrow night would be a party and a half but tonight, it was old, sexy friends, just enjoying themselves.

"Barkeep, my glass is empty. My woman does not have a drink in her hand. What kind of establishments are you running around here? Chop-chop, my good man, we have much to do before the morrow," Gary grinned. 

He took Courtney's hand and pulled her to him. Her body molded into his and their eyes locked heatedly. Their eyes danced between lips and eyelids, slowly, passionately and teasingly. Gary walked her to his suite and closed the door. This elegant creature wrapped her arms around his neck, pulled back, and asked him if the rumors were true.

He did not answer. He turned his face and kissed her tender lips. The electrons exploded. Clothes flew away and he held her naked body; her amazing naked body, tightly against his flesh.

Their hunger was intense and a burning fire ignited. The heat of their passion built slowly but steadily. Courtney saw that he took his time to ascertain what she liked and what turned her on. She loved it.

Over the next hour, two people made love. I was soft, wonderful, and lustful. To Gary, she was a dream come true. Clearly, he had a thing for her and that had been ongoing for several years. To her, he was simply one of the sexiest men alive. His fashions ruled the planet and from what she had learned about his personal life, she wanted to be a part of it. 

Their lips caressed and teased. Their mouths licked and pleased and their union was amazing to say the least. Her body, in real life, was better looking than what you saw on TV. Her features were angelic and her form something Michelangelo could not have perfected. 

When Mark entered the room, Cherry and the girls were with him. 

An hour and a half later, silly putty was the only thing left on the sheets. Courtney looked into Cherry's eyes and softly moaned, "I knew, uh, I thought I knew, holy shit, I was warned but I never thought that anything could be this good. How often does this happen...Ohmigod?"

Cherry stroked Courtney's gorgeous face; leaned in and softly, sensuously, kissed her lips. She whispered, "Darling, this happens around these two men nearly every day. You haven't seen anything yet. The girls and I have to certify you, and then everyone else will as well. Welcome to our exclusive family darling. By the way, we are going to Thailand for ten days in June. You must be on that trip. That is a requirement, not a request." Cherry kissed her, looked over to Rose, and winked.

Cherry took Mark's hand and led him back to their suite. It truly was the first moment since he proposed that they had any time alone.

Game day had arrived and Shannon was searching for Cherry. While everyone was frantically getting ready for the game, Cherry sat in her suite, smoking a cigarette and laughing. She had already done her hair and makeup.

"Don't you think you should get ready?" Mark asked.

"All in good time," she giggled as she looked at her watch. "By my estimate an Asian typhoon is about to strike any minute." No sooner were the words out of her mouth when Shannon burst through the doors, saw Cherry sitting smugly, patiently waiting for her.

Shannon saw Mark standing there, walked over to him and ordered him out of the room. He knew better than to argue. They were up to something. Last year's Pro Bowl had transformed Cherry from the status of being a local stripper into the most photographed model alive. He knew Cherry and he knew she was going to top last year if possible. He had no idea what she had in store but he knew it would be something people would talk about for a long time. He walked over to Shannon, kissed her, looked at Cherry, giggled, and left the suite.

When the door to the suite clicked shut, Cherry bounded from the chair. Shannon opened the box she held; took out a garment, and held it up.

"Ohmigod Shannon, it's perfect. If I didn't know better, I'd say this is the same jersey from last year. The only difference is that my number has magically changed to 69," Cherry laughed.

"Think again darling," Shannon beamed. She turned the jersey around and Cherry burst out laughing.

"You know they are going to kill me, don't you? If I wear this, I will officially be dead meat. Last year it had my measurements on it, so, what do you think, is turnabout fair play or not?"

"Honey, of all the things I've ever designed, this right here has been the most fun. The press won't know what to make of it. I'm sure they will figure it out but they sure as hell aren't going to be able to talk about it. The tabloids will have a fucking field day. Come on, slip it on, I want to see it on you," Shannon grinned. 

Cherry did and Shannon loved it.

"Come on girlfriend, everyone is waiting downstairs. I can't wait until Mark and Gary sees this," Shannon laughed.

They stepped out of the lobby into the spectacular Hawaiian morning and all heads turned. Mark was talking to Gary and had his back to the door when the girls walked out.

"Wow, I didn't see this coming either," Gary said as Mark turned towards the entrance of the hotel. "Is that the same jersey she wore last year?"

Mark took a good look and started to laugh. "No it is not."

As Cherry walked past everyone waiting to board the limos, Mark saw everyone start to laugh.

"Hi baby, do you like it?" Cherry grinned.

The paparazzi who had camped out at their hotel were taking pictures wildly. Some had very quizzical looks on their faces, while others were openly laughing loudly.

"I do, but what is so funny?"

Cherry turned around and showed them the back of the jersey. That did it. Gary and Mark were beset with fits of uncontrollable laughter. Neither could breathe, let alone speak. Every time they tried, they laughed harder and longer.

Last year's jersey was a hybrid of the three teams with Cherry's measurements, 36 - 23 - 40 on the back. Shannon's creation had a different set of measurements. They read 11.5 - 12.25 - 13.25

Gary was the first to be able to speak. "Girl, talk about living dangerously."

Mark was drying his eyes, giggling, and shaking his head. "You do know that we have to go into both locker rooms before kickoff don't you?"

Cherry's eyes were twinkling, "I sure do baby; what are we waiting for?"

They had to pour Gary into the limo.

The press went wild. The catcalls emanating from both locker rooms were deafening. Three gorgeous players stood there, shocked and suddenly very quiet. It didn't take long for the other players to piece it together. 

Cherry had stolen the show for the second straight year. 

The only difference this time was that it had fallen just hours after the entertainment world, and single women the planet over, were mourning the loss of one of the world's most eligible bachelors. They showed Cherry on the Jumbotron at halftime. She made the nightly news the world over. Cherry had moved over to superstar status overnight.
