 "(This is my first story. I am thinking about a series about D. Let me know if you like)



Introduction to D and Marsha

My name is D. I am a 45-year-old woman who was widowed two years ago. I have been a grammar school teacher with the same school for 20 years when husband and I moved into a small home close to the school. I am a natural blonde with a soft curvy body that has gotten a little softer over time. I am 5 feet 6 inches tall, about 140 lbs (well maybe more) with 38D breast and hips that are a generous 39 inches. My backside is big but very smooth with no dimples. My waist measures 29 inches with a small fleshy pouch much like the Victorian printing seen hanging in some bars. While I have never thought of myself as sexy many people have told me I am.

Since my husband's death, I have made few friends outside my long-standing circle and lost close contact with most of my old married friends. Marsha is a new friend that I met two weeks ago. I was lonely one Saturday night and decided I needed to meet other people. Marsha is 28 years old with red hair and a small frame. She is no more than 5 feet 3 inches and maybe 110 pounds. Her breasts and butt are what could be described as perky measuring 34b breast and a butt at 34 inches. Her butt protrudes nicely for such a small girl.

Marsha was at the bar with a few of her friends after a Saturday afternoon Rugby game. The boys play in a city league. All are between 25 and 32. On this night they were taking up a corner at Buffalo Wild Wings and got very loud. I am alone at a table near the ruckus. It so happened that one of the guys had to show a move he made during the game and knocked over my table. Marsha saw it and came over just as the manager was coming to find out what happened. He looked like he was not happy but I came up laughing just as Marsha arrived. 

She hit the 6' 1" Mike on the arm and said, "Now apologize to this nice lady for being a goof."

"I am sorry nice lady for being a goof," Mike said.

"Can we buy you dinner or anything?" Marsha asked D. "Are you here with anyone? My name is Marsha." I look at the manager and indicate all is fine.

"I am here alone and everything is OK" I said.

"Please join us and let us make this up to you" Mike said.

I think why not it is a way to kill what would be a boring evening. 

"Sure but you do not need to pay for my wings but you can buy me a glass of wine, my name is D" I said.

"D this is Mike the goof, Lenny, Jim, and Early. Everyone this is D" said Marsha.

I stayed for about an hour and really made friends with Marsha. It turns out that Marsha is a local artist who leans to the bohemian side. She is dating Mike but is friends with the four core guys on the team and they consider her one of their groupies. She goes to most of their games and attends all the celebrations she can. It turned out coincidentally that Marsha teaches an art class at the Senior High located where I teach.

During the following week Marsha and I met for lunch several times. Even though I am 17 years older than Marsha, in some ways she is more experienced, especially when it comes to men. Marsha has had many partners where I had only had one, my husband.

Marsha said at on these lunches, "You know you were a hit with the guys. They thought you were cool and funny. They really liked how laid back you are."

"Well thanks but I could be their ugh older sister" I said. I started to say mother but did not want to admit, as age and weight are sore subjects.

"They also thought you were one of the sexiest women in the bar and want you to come watch a game if you can" Marsha said.

"Well I know I am too heavy to be really sexy and know nothing about Rugby but I did like their company," I said. "If something works out, I would enjoy that again, after all I like men, wine, and wings."

D Experiments

I thought nothing else about the invitation but I had been thinking about men a lot in the last two months. About two months ago I started making trips to an out of the way upscale adult shop owned by an older female, Lilly, who was over 50 and also widowed. It was there I bought an assortment of vibrators, dildos, and anal plugs. After trying the assortment, I liked the feel of a butt plug while using a large vibrator on my pussy. I never had done anal sex but at the shop the owner said, "You should try a starter butt plug. Many of my customers love the feel of the plug as do I." So I gave it a try and was very surprised how much I liked it.

On the Saturday night following the night with the Rugby team at the bar I decided to go to the shop and see what else might be interesting. I knew I should go find the real thing but lacked the confidence. This shop had a good selection of lingerie as well as toys. While looking the owner suggested, "Why don't you try a medium sized butt plug if you like the starter plug" We also have some that vibrate." I decided on a medium sized vibrating butt plug. 

I then decided to look at lingerie. I found a white lace set where the bra was strapless and barely covered the nipples and the bottom were cut high on the hip and I thought slimed my prominent hips. In a sales bin was a thong that was nothing more than a cord that only cover the slit if perfectly placed. It was only $5.00 so on impulse I decided to purchase. While paying for the items the owner said, "You will find the thong fun. I wear one when I want to be aroused with no one knowing. It hits the right spots." She winks and rubbed her crotch.

When I got home it was close to 10pm. I wanted to try out my new purchases. So I went to the bedroom and took all my clothes off. I first lay down and massaged my tits with message oils. I then did the same with my butt and lubed the tight hole amply. I turned on the medium sized vibrating butt plug and slowly worked it into my anus. It hurt a little as it was going in but soon began to feel good. I then put on the thong and the shop owner was right, it hit my clit exactly and held the butt plug in place. The sensation was something I had never experienced. I was having a small orgasm even without my vibrator. I took message oil and rubbed in all over my pussy. This felt great. I then lay on my stomach with the big vibrator between my legs. I was now into my second set of spasm as I humped the vibrator. It was then I thought of the rugby team. I fantasized about the four big guys at the bar ogling my body. I dreamed that Marsha was right they found me sexy. Then I imagined these four guys touching my body, caressing my tits, rubbing against my butt and then touching my pussy. It was then I lost all control and had a massive set of orgasms. I was then exhausted. I took a shower and went to bed.

I dreamed all night about Marsha's four horsemen. The dream left me wanting more. I decided I needed to have an adventure to get started but did not know what it was. I decided that maybe Marsha could help me get some older men interested in me, hoping to talk to her the following week. Monday, I could not get in touch with Marsha but she called on Tuesday saying that she unexpectedly had to go to an out of town art show. She said she would call me Saturday and we could work on a plan.

D Gets Ready for the Party

On Saturday morning Marsha called and said, "I am going to the game this afternoon and have a date, could we have lunch on Monday. Why don't you come to the game?"

"I really am not interested in Rugby but will see you Monday," I said. "I want your advice on how to get out of my rut. I really want to have some adventures."

"Ok but the guys would really like you to see them play" Marsha said.

"No I really think I need to find older men" I said.

While I was disappointed, I had a feeling something good was about to happen. And it did, only it was on this day. Marsha called back at 4pm and said, "D I need some help. Another groupie and I were supposed to host a poker party tonight at 8pm for the four horsemen. We do this once a month and the guys all count on it. Can you help me out?"

"What does a hostess do?" I said.

"Just serve snacks and drinks. Keep the guys entertained. You are so funny and all the guys liked you two weeks ago. They just like some female companionship while playing." Marsha said.

"Well I don't know. I am so much older," I said.

"I never want to hear that again. You look great and are young in spirit." Marsha angrily said.

"Right. Can't you find someone else younger?" I said.

"Maybe but not any one better or more entertaining," Marsha said. "Aren't you looking for an adventure? Well here it is."

"But I was thinking of adventures with people closer to my age" I said.

"Do you really want to sit home alone or go back to the sex shop tonight instead of hosting four young viral strong males? This is the opportunity." Marsha said.

"Well' OK I will help you but I think the guys will be disappointed," I said. "When do you want me at your house and what do I wear?"

"They will be so happy you are one of the hostesses," Marsha said. "Can you be here by 7:30 to help me set up the house? I will pick up the wings at BWW. We already have lots of beer and tequila for the guys. Can you bring a bottle of wine for us? Wear something sexy."

"What do you mean sexy?" I ask. "I don't wear sexy clothes and there is no way these guys will find me sexy no matter what I wear."

"With the curvy body you can wear anything that shows just a little skin and they will find that sexy" Marsha said. "You know, entertain."

"I can not do this. I just don't know how." I said.

"All women know how to flirt, just do it. I need your help." Marsha said.

"OK but I can not promise you anything," I said. "I think you will be disappointed with me so I hope we are friends at the end of the evening."

"I promise we will be friends even if you come dressed as a nun," Marsha said. "Just be yourself and try to have fun. Be here at 7:30 and bring whatever you want to drink."

"Ok, but I am going to start drinking now." I said.

So I have only 3 hours to get ready, as it is a 30 minutes drive to Marsha's house. I have to get cleaned up, figure out what to wear, and get ready. I think how do I look sexy with the clothes I have. I realize that if I feel sexy I will have a better chance of being sexy. I first look to see what wine I can take. Luckily I have a nice Chardonnay and Pinot. To calm my nerves I have a glass from an open bottle of cheap wine.

As I start drinking my first glass, I decide to take a slow bath first in a moisturizing bath I received as a present. Then I spread body lotion all over my body. I now have less than 2 hours. I start working on my hair and make up while wearing an old dowdy housecoat. When I finish with this, I decide to have one more glass of wine, which finished the open bottle of cheap wine. It is now less than an hour and I have to figure what I can wear that will make be feel sexy. I look in the drawer for panties and all I see are granny panties and big trick bras, which will not make be feel sexy. I just can't wear those even though no one but me will know I am wearing them. 

I then remember my trip to the sex shop last weekend. I find the white lace panties and bra still in the bag and put them on. I think, OK, that does make be feel sexy. The panties do slim my hips and the bra shows most of my tits and really accentuates the fullness of my tits. OK this is good but what if I wear the thong also. The way it rubs on my clit that makes me feel sexy. I think why not, no one will see. So I put on the thong and look in the mirror. While I have blond pubic hair and not a lot of it, it seems to look funny showing on either side of the center cord. I had shaved my pubic hairs to please my husband once and thought I remembered it felt good. I have 45 minutes so I decide to shave off all my pubic hair. Again I try on the thong. Now the lips and sides of the pussy pour out the side of the thong and looks slutty. My pussy is fat and this really accentuates the pussy lips but it feel great, which is all I want. I put back on the panties and bra and look for a dress. 

Now the really hard part, how do I make dresses intended for grammar school students look sexy to the four horsemen. All my sexy dresses were older, tighter, and were in a Good Will box. All of the dresses in my closet covered me from head to below the knee. I think can I adjust these with less than 30 minutes left? I am almost ready to just wear jeans and tee shirt when I remember a dress I had worn once many years ago on vacation in the Caribbean that I thought might still fit. It was a thin cotton summer dress that tied in front and showed a little cleavage but really showed the curve of my hips and the flare from the waist and most important expandable. But where is it? I remember it was packed in clothes I planned to donate. I found it and tried it on. Luckily it was not wrinkled and still fit although snugger than I remembered. It is much tighter across the bust and shows a little more cleavage than I remembered and also does not have quite as much overlap as before making it harder to not show a slit in front. But it still made me feel sexy and showed just a little skin. I knew to be demure I needed to wear a full slip, but I said screw it, I am covered and I do feel sexy even if I don't look sexy. 

The Poker Party Begins

So I drive to Marsha's and barely make it by 7:30. I knock on the door and Mike answers. He whistles and says, "Well hello sexy who are you?"

I hit Mike one shoulder and say, "Yea right, I know I look like a dowdy old school teacher." He takes the wine and opens a bottle and offers me a glass. This is now my third glass today and I am beginning to relax.

Marsha comes in and she is wearing team jersey cut to just cover her tits and a pair of white hot pants that barely covers her perky rear end. In front there is a V that stops just before the pubic hair starts. I wonder what is going on and say to Marsha, "I did not know it was that kind of party, I'm not sure I can do this."

"You look great and I have to show a little more skin to look as sexy as you," Marsha says. "Besides the guys think of me as one of the guys."

"OK, but I don't plan to show any more than this," I say. "I am really uptight about this whole thing."

"Just relax. Mike get D a shot of tequila to help her relax." Marsha said.

Mike gave me a shot as I said, "I have never had tequila."

"Just try it. This is really good stuff" Mike said. I must admit it went down smooth and helped me relax. The thong was really helping too as it was giving me constant stimulation keeping my mind off what I was doing. 

Lenny, Jim and Early all arrived about 8pm and were dressed the same, wearing a pair of soft kakis and a team jersey. Each was very muscular, tall and masculine, making me feel very feminine. As each arrived they complemented how good I looked which begin to help me relax, along with three glasses of wine and a shot of tequila.

As the poker game started, Marsha and I served each a beer and a plate of wings. The guys as they took the plate would gently pat me on the back, which felt good. With Marsha the pats were more like gropes. As the evening wore on the pats got lower until the pats were on my butt. The wine and tequila lowered my inhibitions and instead of resenting it I start enjoying the attention. 

After a couple of hours, Marsha and I took a break. "Are you having fun?" Marsha asks.

"Yes I am really enjoying the attention from the guys," I said. All night they had been ribbing me about not knowing rugby, cards, and being a schoolteacher. I had been ribbing them about being dumb jocks. 

"That is not all they are enjoying," Marsha said. "You are turning them on but I think you could do a little more if you wanted to."

"What do you mean?" I said.

"We could adjust this dress to get you a little more attention," Marsha said. She adjusts the ties on my dress where the dress opens at the top where it just begins to show the white lace bra. By doing this, I can no longer keep it from gapping open showing my legs as I walk and maybe a hint at my white panties. By now, I was really loopy from drink, turned on by the attention, and stimulation of my clit by the thong. 

As we return all the guys needed another beer. As I bring the beer to Lenny looks at the slit in the dress that was not there before and decides to rub just above my knee where the skin is showing. This makes me feel like I had not for some time. So when I served Jim, I made sure the dress was even more inviting and he did the same but went a little higher and said, "Can I have a kiss with that beer?"

I decide why not and give Jim a really wet kiss. Marsha was now serving Mike not just a beer but also a prolonged grope opportunity. It is now clear she is not wearing a bra as Mike has the jersey showing both her tits as they kiss. Then as I serve Early he reaches under my dress and put his hand firmly on my ass, his big hand covered a good portion of one cheek, which made me feel great, and pulls me into him for a long extended kiss. His movement on my ass makes the thong put even more pressure on my now wet pussy, making me even more excited.

"D you have one of the best looking asses I have seen, I wish I could see more" Early said.

I slap him on the back laughingly saying, "Don't get your hopes up buster."

The guys play another hand. Marsha is now sitting in Mike's lap and he is playing with her tits while she held his cards for him. I decide to look over Early's shoulder. Marsha's loose tie allowed the dress to slip, so as I bent over my tits were almost fully exposed with just a little pink of the nipples showing and the thong was stretched tightly across my pussy and I actually had an orgasm. 

Early then said, "If I win this hand will you take your dress off and let me see that fine ass?"

Before thinking I say smiling, "If you lose will my three guys take off your shirt."

"Actually, all four of us will remove whatever you want" Early says. "Good deal for you, right."

As the hand is being played I realize what a mistake I made as I don't know what it takes to win but really I don't care. Of course Early wins. So I turn around and let the dress fall from my shoulder, showing my back and ass to the guys. They all cheer and clap. They say in unison, "D you have a great ass." As I turn around, again they cheer. There is lots of cleavage being shown and while my bottom is covered more than the average bikini it still is sexy I think.

The guys start playing another hand. Marsha now takes off her jersey and says, "I have to show more skin just to keep up with D." She then sits in Mike's lap and again holds the cards. Only this time I can see he is unzipping her hot pants slowly and begins to rub the top of her pussy lips. I am now completely turned on standing between Early and Jim. Each has a hand on my ass, kneading each ample cheek like bread dough. With both hands on my butt their big hands make it feel the right size.

After this hand, Marsha let Mike slip her hot pants completely off and is completely out of it. I am not far behind her since I was on my fourth glass of wine and two shots. I have been stimulated with the unseen thong and really like the attention I have gotten from these three hunks. 

D Loses It

"What would it take to have you remove that bra D?" Early said.

I am now out of my head and I say, "I will take my panties off if you three guy will remove your pants and shirt. That is a two for one exchange. They did not know I was wearing a thong. Also you start back playing cards. The person that wins the first hand not Mike will get my help playing their cards."

The guys look at each other, laugh as if they know something I don't and said, "Deal if we think the show is worth it we will."
