 I looked around the apartment happily, the candles in the room giving off a nice glow. I knew what I was going to do tonight; I was going to really entertain my longtime boyfriend. Since him and I met three and a half years ago he'd been obsessed with my feminine body, my long red hair, and my girlish figure.

I'd never really cross-dressed much before I met him, but I made it a habit to try it once in a while now when I'm alone in the house. After the first year I was sure we'd be together forever and I knew that he felt the same way when he asked me to move in with him. I moved in with him, and then I started cross-dressing. He never really knew about it, that I knew of.

After cross-dressing a couple times, I started noticing how right he was. I do look really good in dresses, the clingy material made me look smaller, and it made my pale skin look almost voluminous. I started noticing also how weird I felt in boys clothes, how weighed down and baggy I felt.

I started wearing dresses around the house when I cleaned while he wasn't home, and I always wear girl panties now, I told him that was because of him liking it. It wasn't all him, though. Secretly, I loved it.

I didn't know how he was going to take me cross-dressing for him. I'm not some little sissy bitch—okay sometimes I am—but only sexually. I can kick his ass even if I wear a skirt. But I wanted him to see how right he was, how sexy I actually do look in a dress.

I worked hard to get the house and myself ready for tonight. Up until this point, no one had ever seen me dressed up as a girl, and I was really second guessing myself. I had to have the house clean because I can't stand a messy house on top of everything else.

I looked at myself in the mirror, my red hair curled a little bit, and my green eyes have a dark ring of eyeliner around them, making them look darker. My cheeks were naturally red, not blushed. My pale skin looked almost like it is glowing, and the dress I was wearing curved with my body, fitting me tightly, yet just right. The dress sleeve comes off my shoulder, and exposes the skin there. It makes me look really sexy, and I liked it.

Neo has a kinky streak, he loves making me vulnerable, he loves degrading me, he loves making me completely mindless, and he just loves basically making me fall apart. I loved Neo when he was in full on Dom mode. He didn't get like that often, because I'm not submissive, but recently I'd been finding out more and more about myself... like the fact that I don't get off nearly as good as I do when he treats me like a slut. I loved it when he degrades me, and a part of me wants to tell him to do it more often.

Under the dress, my dick was wrapped up with a bow tied around it. I knew he'd like that, because he'd done it to me before. I decided not to even bother with panties, knowing they will just get in the way anyway, and that he'll just rip them off me... and break yet another twenty dollar pair of underwear.

I continued to scan myself, licking my dark red lips, and turning to the side. I looked at my ass in the black material; it is rounded and sexy, the material clinging to my body in ways that really accent it. The dress is short, not even meeting mid-thigh, about six inches up. My feet and legs look perfect, in the black heels I'm wearing. My legs normally look short in jeans, but in this outfit, my legs didn't seem to ever stop. I shaved every inch of my body before I got dressed, and I really look good tonight... really good.

"Sky baby, I'm home!" Neo called from the living room. I momentarily freaked out, but calmed myself down, and dimmed the lights in our bedroom just enough to catch his attention at the end of the hall. I crawled on the bed and sat in the middle of it, my legs open just a slight bit, teasing him a little. "Babe?" he asked, his voice closer to our room, and my heart started beating faster. I heard his footsteps in the hall, right by our room. "Babe!" he called, and opened the door to our room, and stopped.

He just stood there for a few minutes, his eyes wide, scanning over me, sitting on the bed in a dress and heels. I blushed furiously, suddenly not feeling so confident. It is too late to turn back now. "Sky?" he whispered, his eyes running over my body.

I nodded shyly, looking up at him. "Hi, Neo," I whispered back, looking over his suit clad body. Neo is a manager at a local retail shop, and he looks really hot in a suit.

"Am I really seeing this?" he asked me, taking a step closer to me. I crawled off the bed and walked to him, wrapping my arms around his neck. His hands come up and rest on my hips, his fingers touching my ass a little.

"Yeah, you are really seeing this," I answered him, and he smirked down at me. I looked up at him, and puckered my lips a little, and he smiled, kissing me softly.

"Damn babe, you look really fucking hot," he told me, examining the dress from the front, I blushed and pull out of his arms, turning around slowly so he can check me out fully. "I wasn't expecting this, but god, you look so good. I told you, you'd make one hell of a cross-dresser." He stated, quickly pulling my body flush against his.

"You were right," I admited, wrapping my arms around his neck. His hands come down my back, gripping my ass roughly. The dress is basically nothing, and that is all that is separating his hands from my ass.

"You look like a fucking model, I love this babe." He said, and I blush, pushing my ass into his hand. "I'm going to fuck you so hard, princess," he told me, and I whimpered automatically getting hard.

"Yes please, daddy," I whimpered out. He pushed me away and sat down on the bed in front of me.

"Daddy wants you to show off your sexy little body, princess," he told me, and I blushed brightly, looking at him.

I turned around, showing Neo my ass, and then I bent over a little, the dress rides up higher on me. It was just short enough to expose the curve of my ass if I moved the right way. I looked at him from between my legs and saw he was licking his lips, looking at me like I was a piece of meat. He really liked this cross-dressing thing I'm doing for him.

I stepped up my game and came face to face with him, sat down on the floor in front of him with my legs open, the light from the room leaves shadows in the right places, making me look like a mystery. "Daddy, I want you," I said sluttily, while looking up at him, desperate. I really didn't want to wait any longer with the teasing. I understood that he enjoys slutty cross-dressers dancing for him, but that'll have to wait, right now I just wanted him to fuck me. I couldn't care less where, or even when, I just want him.

He grabbed me by the hair, and pulled me up to him, his lips close to mine. "Little slut," he said to me, laughing. "You just can't wait to have your slutty little ass filled with my dick," he said, and I whimpered, nodding my head. He pulled my head back a little by my hair, and I whimpered loudly, loving being talked to like this.

"I can't wait I want your big hard dick in me," I whimpered out and he pulled my hair roughly biting into my neck. "I'm your little slut, daddy, I just want you to fuck me so hard right now!" I cried out, wishing he were inside me.

"I know you're my little slut, Princess. You've always been a little slut for me. Something about this though makes you sluttier. It's kind of hot," he said, and I moaned. "You're a little sissy slut," he laughed, and I giggled, nodding.

"Yeahhh," I whimpered, feeling him push me off him so I was standing up, he got behind me, and I could feel his hardness in his pants that seem excessively thin. Are they thin, or is he that hard, I asked myself, its highly likely that he's really hard... he's got a cross dressing fantasy, after all. His hardness pressing into my ass made me want him so much more.

"How long have you been doing this behind my back?" he asked me, noticing how perfect I looked. I have done it a long time. I look down at my high heels feeling guilty. "Oh, so a long time then?" he asked of me, and I nodded, feeling guilty. "How about I spank your naughty little ass then?" he asked me, I whimpered, and nodded. "How many fucking months have you been doing this," he asked me.

"Two and a half years," I whimpered, and he smirked, and slapped my ass hard. I turn to him, and he sits down on the bed, and taps his lap.

"Bend over my lap, you little slut. I'm going to spank you, for being naughty." He said, and I nodded, doing as he said quickly. I have not ever been this turned on with him before, he was being so much more demanding, and so much rougher... it feels so good.

His hand slipped under my dress, and pushed it up, leaving my ass completely bare to his hand. I whimpered, my mind racing... how hard is he going to hit me? I thought nervously. I do not like pain, and he knows that... he knows I hate it, so is he going to hit me hard?

His hand came down on my ass a little harder than I am use to, and it made me jerk, my ass immediately stinging slightly. One, two, three, I counted in my head as his hand came down on my ass hard. Four, five, six, I thought. Seven, eight, nine... I squealed loudly, and blushed.

Ten

Elven

Twelve

Thirteen

The noises echoing in our room were loud, and I was blushing. The smack, smack, smack against my ass was making me actually hornier.

Fourteen fifteen sixteen, "oh god, daddy more," I whimpered, and pushed my ass back into his hand. He kept going, and I was blushing extremely too hard and enjoying this too much.

Seventeen eighteen nineteen twenty, I thought, counting the smacks in time with him. God I love this. Twenty one, twenty two, twenty three... I whined when he stopped all the sudden. "Daddy no," I whimpered, and he smirked, I felt his hand come down on my ass again. Oh god. "Mm-mmm-mmm daddy yessss please daddy harder. Hit me harder," I managed to get out between pants and gasps for air.

"Little slut, I bet you can't wait to suck my dick," he said, and I nodded, my face incredibly flushed. "I can't wait to feel your beautiful little pink tongue on my dick, and to see your red lips wrapped around my dick. I bet you love this shit, don't you? Little sissy slut." I couldn't help but moan.

He spanked me harder and harder, I slowly started losing count, feeling my ass burning under his hands. I could only imagine how red my ass is, and I could only guess how turned on it made him. I could feel his hard dick pressing against my stomach, and I could hardly wait to feel him fucking me. It would be so amazing if he'd just tear into my ass now, but I knew it wouldn't happen. He wants me to suck him off, not just fuck me into the mattress.

This delicious torture is driving me crazy, and all I want is his fucking dick in me. I knew he'd never just fuck me, though. I knew what he was doing, he was making this last because he didn't think that he'd ever see me this way again. I didn't want that to be his thought though.

I will do this any time he wants, hell maybe all the time. Holy shit, I need him now.

I practically am drooling right now. "Daddy, please all I want is you to fuck me," I managed to get out.

"No, not yet slut, you haven't even had my dick in your sexy little mouth. Did you really think I would let you get away with that? Hmm you must be thinking with the little head, not the big one." He said, and I moaned loudly as he gripped my dick roughly in his hand. "Get to sucking." He said, pushing me down out of his lap and to the floor.

I immediately fought with his pants buckle, needy and desperate. I couldn't wait to feel this dick in my mouth. I knew it'd turn me on so much just pleasuring him, and I knew if he got turned on enough, he'd just fuck me, which is exactly what I want.

I rested my ass against my heels, the leather material instantly sticking to my sore ass. "Oh daddy you are so yummy," I said, looking up at him from under my startlingly red hair as I pulled his dick out of his pants. I smiled lightly and pressed a little kiss on the tip of his hard dick, making him groan.

I love giving Neo blowjobs, he's so big, and it's just enough to make me want it even more. I wrap my lips around his tip, and sucked on it, making sure to run my tongue over his slit a little, and he gripped my hair, and I almost got upset about it. Almost being the key word. God, I just want him to fuck me. How long is this going to last? I normally love foreplay, it's amazingly sensual and it gets you off pretty good too, but I just want his dick now. Waiting for it just wasn't working for me.

I licked up the bottom of his shaft, paying extra attention to his head, knowing that's where he gets most of his pleasure. He loves me being a cock-sucker for him. I love it too. I take him into my mouth, and I gently and teasingly run my teeth over him, and I feel him tense a little, gripping my hair tightly. I've always known exactly what to do to make him cum quick, and he hates it when I do.

I start bobbing my head on him, breathing through my nose carefully. I licked his slit, and he groaned out, "Fuck babe, your mouth is heaven." I smiled happily, and took his dick into my hand.

"Daddy will you fuck my mouth?" I asked him innocently, and he smirked. I blushed, and smiled innocently, a light blush staining my cheeks.

"So easily a little slut like you can blush, but I get the feeling you aren't as innocent as you say you are," he said, and I nodded at him.

Will you just cut the shit and fuck me, I wanted to cry out, but he wouldn't do it, even if I begged him forever. He'd just keep teasing me.

"Part of me wants to just stop the melodramatics, and fuck you into oblivion," he said slowly, "but part of me wants you to be a little slut for me, and I want to watch your sexy lean little body in this dress longer. The question is, which I want to do right now..." he said, and I looked up at him desperately. "I really want to fuck you, right now, but first I'll fuck your sweet little mouth." He said decidedly. I squealed happily and opened my mouth eagerly, waiting.

He stood in front of me, looming over me. His pants were around his ankles before he just kicked them away from himself. I watch him, waiting on drool to come out of my mouth from how sexy he is. He walked up in front of me, and stopped, kneading my skull with his gentle, warm fingers.

He slammed his dick down my throat and I gagged a little but kept my mouth open. He fucked my throat hard, and I never stopped moving my head in sync with his thrusts, I kept my tongue on him, treating his dick well. I would reach up and play with his heavy balls and tease them.

He gripped my head in his hands, and groaned, slamming his dick down my throat over and over again. "Fucking slut, taking my cock like a good little boy, I can't wait to unload into your sexy, red ass. How does it feel to have a few hand prints on your ass?" he asked me, and I moaned, nodding a little uncomfortably.

"I luh ver dek," I managed to get out from around his dick. He was clearly getting harder and harder in my mouth, and my little dick has been dripping all over me this entire time... I wanted to feel him stretching my ass open, but I didn't know how much longer he'd enjoy this. He chuckled.

"That's not what I asked you." He said, and I blushed.

"I lik it," I managed this time, I knew everything I was saying around his dick was making it vibrate, and I could only imagine what he was feeling. He loves it, he loves the control. I love the loss of control, as much as I hate to admit it.

"Get your slutty ass up, I want to fuck you." He commanded me, and pushed me back away from him. "Slut, you are such a beautiful slut. I want to fuck you, so bad." He said, and I smiled brightly and stood up on the tips of my toes to kiss him, he gripped my shoulder and kissed me.

Neo always makes me melt. It was something that I never really experienced before him, but now I know what it feels like to love someone so deeply. His tongue went into my mouth, and took control immediately, and I smiled into the kiss, my tongue obediently playing with his. He bit my lip, pulling it into his mouth and he pushed me back into a wall, his hard body pressing against mine.

I moaned and weaved my fingers through his hair, and pulled it roughly as Neo hiked my leg up, and I curved it around his body, happy to finally feel him against me in this wonderful way. All I wanted was for him to fuck me. If he did it, I'd die surely.

We kissed, my fingers pulling his long hair, running them between his perfect black hair. "I love you," I whispered to him, and he pulled back long enough to smile at me.

"I love you too, Sky." He said, and then his lips were on mine again. I desperately fought off the buttons of his shirt, when I finally felt his warm, muscular chest against my fingertips; I was itching to lick him all over.

He smiled at me, and shrugged the shirt off. I moaned, looking at his chest.

He is so sexy; I just want to feel him deep inside me. Neo gripped my ass and lifted me up; I wrapped my legs around him, his dick right in between my cheeks, pressing on my asshole as he rubbed our bodies together. "Neoooo," I moaned, and he smiled at me.

He moved our bodies so that I could feel his tip against my hole, which is quivering from the attraction I am feeling. "You're so horny," he said, laughing at me. "I can feel your pathetic little cock against my stomach, and its dripping all over me." I blushed and nodded, and moved my ass back into his hard dick. I moaned and shook as it entered me deeply. "Ah, you little slut are trying your best to get me deep in your tight little ass." He said, and I nodded, whimpering and struggling against him, my ass begging for him to stop just holding back. I just want to fuck him now, why is he making this so damn hard?

"Daddy Neo, please, just fuck me. I'm so tired of you teasing me. Just use me, baby please." I moaned, and fucking finally, he started moving his hips, his dick going deeper and deeper into my ass as he moved. He pounded my ass hard, and I could feel my entire body burning. "Mm-mmm-mmm d-daddy, yes, s-shit f-fuck me, your dick is so amazing!!" I squealed loudly and pulled his hair as he fucked me.

"Little slut," he grunted, "You are my little sissy slut, begging for my dick. I can't wait to cum all in your sexy little ass." He said, fucking me hard. I moaned, and moved my hips in time with him as best as I could.

I felt my back being repeatedly crashed into the wall from the force of him fucking me, and I knew there would be bruises there tomorrow, but at the moment I can't say I give a flying fuck. "Mm-mm-ha-haaa-mmm," I moaned loudly, my mouth not being able to stay shut. I love this; his dick makes me so wet and horny.

"My shits harder than yours," he teases me, grabbing my dick in his hand and squeezing it hard. I bit into my lip and nodded, it feels so damn good. "Oh you little slut, I knew from the minute I saw you bent over in them damn skinny jeans at the mall your ass was meant for pounding, and fuck if I wasn't right. Your ass is so tight, I love your ass. Slut, I know you like taking my dick." He said, and I nodded, throwing my head back, hitting it on the wall.

"Y-yes daddy, my ass is so tight and all yours. Fuck, I want you... shit. Oh shit. Shit. I'm cumming. Oh my god, daddy it ahhhhhhhh," I managed to get out, cumming between us all the sudden.

"Couldn't hold your shit together while I fuck your tight little ass," he said, laughing as he fucked me harder. It feels like my entire body is now on fire, deliciously burning me from the inside out. I could feel myself floating, barely awake, but hardly asleep either. "I'm going to fuck your ass until you cum again, so you might as well get comfortable." He said, and I moaned out. He wrapped his arms around me so he was fully supporting my weight and then moved us a little, and then dropped me.
