 It was the look on her face that excited him the most; she was bewildered and aghast at the intrusion while at the same time shrouded in the ecstasy of desire. With every slick tap that sounded she appeared genuinely surprised. In spite of her mouth going slack, her lips were plump and reflected the dim light of the room. 

"Daddy," she groaned.

He sighed and absently traced the ridge his cock made through the denim of his jeans. "I'm here baby girl," he drawled.

Her face screwed up, conflicted. "Oh...god...Daddy..."

The corner of his lip upturned. "Go on and tell me - I'm here." 

Her eyebrows pulled together earnestly and her expression was almost perverted in its sincerity. "It...it's so...big."

He silently chuckled and felt his erection strain against his fly. He stepped closer as her body rhythmically lunged forward. She was on her knees and tied to a bench with her pale arms pulled behind her by loops of black rope. Emerging from the shadows was the hulking figure of the man that was taking his time fucking her.

She raised her head and looked at him with wide eyes. "Da-a-ddy..." she panted.

"Does it feel good?" he asked slowly unbuttoning the fly of his jeans. She didn't want to answer, he could tell. The man behind her grunted with satisfaction. "It's alright if you say it." He touched her chin and lifted her face towards his own. "You like gettin' fucked, don't you?" 

"Yes," she eventually whispered. 

He traced her lips with his fingers as the tip of her tongue followed. A low groan emanated from his throat as he held her gaze. She had been his waitress a few months earlier - the new girl in a small town full of dope-sick or God-fearing peers. From the moment that she poured his coffee he knew what she was she was looking for and by the end of her shift she was sucking his cock in the front seat of his truck. And good Lord almighty could she suck a cock. 

"Daddy likes watching his little girl get fucked," he said as he pulled the throbbing length of his erection into the open. He could see that she was struggling and he decided to reward her. "You can cum, baby girl."

She tossed her head back and moaned. "Aahhh yes...thank you Daddy. I'm cumming - oh thank...fuck...nngh..."

"Look at me," he demanded as he grabbed her chin. "Look at me when you cum."

Her body trembled with the ripples of her orgasm. "Y - yes Sir. Oh god... I keep...I'm cumming..." Her eyes momentarily rolled back, but she quickly corrected herself. "Th-ank you Daddy," she breathed.

He pat her cheek. "Good girl." The man rutting up inside of her quickened his pace and she groaned. "He's big, isn't he?"

She weakly shook her head as her body lurched. "No one...is as big as Daddy."

He respected her loyalty. "No darlin'," he intoned, "I know there are bigger cocks than mine, but there aren't many that are as good." He stroked himself in front of her face. "Daddy knows what his baby girl wants, don't I?"

"Yes Daddy...nngh..." She slowly blinked as the man behind her shifted and began fucking her hard and slow. "Please...I need it..." 

He looked in her eyes and could tell that she meant it. It was Daddy's hands that touched her, Daddy's mouth that licked her and Daddy's cock that fucked her. There wasn't even another man in the room as far as she was concerned; he was all she was focused upon. "Open your mouth." She did as she was told. "Good girl." 

He positioned the swollen head of his cock against her lips and smeared pre-cum upon them. Her tongue flicked quickly. "Mmmm - Daddy," she sighed." She set her dark eyes upon him and swirled her tongue across the head of his cock. "I love your cock," she whispered. "I need it," her mouth enveloped the length of his shaft and quickly sucked, causing him to catch his breath. 

"You're daddy's good girl," he trembled, "fuuuuck, be gentle darlin'...suck it slow...yes...just like that." He took her in; the way she looked up at him as his shaft disappeared into her mouth was thrilling in its vulgarity and devotion. He reached down and smoothed the length of her hair with both hands, once. Twice. The vibration of her moan rippled down to his balls and he grasped her head in his hands, holding it still. "Let Daddy fuck that sweet mouth of yours," he hissed, "yes, oooh yes, just like that...goddamn..."

He quickened the pace of his thrusts and felt the back of her throat expand to try and accommodate his size. Her tongue still writhed across the underside of his cock and sought out the sensitive rim of its hard head as it passed in and out of her red, red lips. The color began to smear away onto her face in places, but that only managed to turn him on further. She was completely and utterly his; his hungry little baby girl sated only by her Daddy. The shape of the man sawing in and out of his girl blurred away into the periphery. A low hum escaped from his mouth; he knew how her pussy felt, so creamy and warm. He knew how it would contract around him, milking his cock until he filled her up with hot cum. "Ohhhh baby girl," he breathed as he pumped his cock into her obedient mouth. "You were born to suck Daddy's cock." He looked down at her. "You fuck and suck and play...you're Daddy's little fucktoy, aren't you?" She hummed in response. 

"Daddy knows how much you like to be fucked...which is why I brought home your present...is he filling you up, baby girl? Is he fucking your sweet pink pussy good enough?" He grunted several times as he watched the veiny body of his cock catch on her red lips again and again. The man behind her quickened his pace and dug his fingers into her hips as if bracing himself. "Daddy's gonna let him cum in you." Her eyes flashed up to his face. "That's right, baby girl - I'm gonna let him cum all over inside of you...nnngghh...and when he's done I'm gonna watch it...drip out of my little girl's cunt...fuck..." She began to whimper and twitch, her tongue ceasing its superb trill upon the belly of his erection. "Cum for me...cum for Daddy...that's it," he praised. He held her head still. "If you want to be a good girl, you'll keep sucking..." He rammed his cock deep into her throat causing her eyes to water. "You want to be a good girl, don't you?" Her renewed sucking answered the question.

The hulk fucking her let out a series of yelps and shuddered against her bound figure. Her mouth purred around the slippery hard cock driving in and out of it. "That's my good girl," her Daddy sighed, "keep on...just...just like that." He leaned his head back and groaned. The man behind her stood and as previously instructed promptly left. 

He imagined in that moment what her slick, fucked-raw pussy looked like completely opened up and vulnerable. She had such a perfect little set up of compact, puffy lips and a tiny bead of a clit that that he wondered just how she had taken the big beast of a cock. The look on her face when the fat head pushed and intruded its way into her instantly made him hard as a diamond. The agonizing creep of time it took for her to accept the girth was electrifying. As it pumped in and out of her, the opalescent shine of her stretching cunt coated more and more of its length until it finally disappeared within her. Having it inside of her had released a song of unintelligible sounds from within that he had never heard before. A deep sensation of authoritative pleasure bled through him with such a surge that he feared that he might cum before even touching her. 

The memory made his cock feel like it was burning and on the verge of exploding. He tightened the grip he had on her head and forcefully fucked her mouth. "Yes...yes...Daddy's girl...nnnggghh...yes...fuck! You're such a good girl," he gasped. His body tensed into a free fall of ecstasy as cum boiled up from his core and out into the devoted mouth of his baby girl. She gagged and pearly rivulets of cum crested over her lips and down her chin. He smiled down at her approvingly, slowly sliding out of her mouth. 

"Oh...Daddy," she breathed as cum dripped from her chin, "thank you Daddy."

"You're welcome baby girl." He took a moment to run his thumb across her sticky lips and take in the sight of her. He moved around to the back to view the reality of what he had only fantasized about. Indeed, her pussy was fucked to a rosy red coloring, but it wasn't as mangled as he thought it would be. No...it would be back to normal in no time. He reached out and skimmed the smooth edge of her labia with his thumb and she shuddered. As she contracted her pussy a thick line of cum gulped slowly out and onto her swollen sex. 

After admiring her, he untied the lengths of rope that bound her and helped her stand. She was his baby girl, but was almost as tall as he was. He tucked a length of hair behind her ear as she closed her eyes and sighed. "You want Daddy to draw you a bath?"

She smiled dreamily. "Yes please."

"Alright," he draped his arm around her and started toward the bathroom, "it needs to be quick then, because the game is about to come on."

She smirked, "Are they going to win this time?"

He swiftly smacked her hard on the ass and she squealed. "Baby girl, you're talking about Daddy's team...you best be careful."

She bit at her tacky lip and leaned into him. "I hope they win..."

"Aww, they'll probably lose," he reluctantly agreed as they walked down the darkened hallway. "I'm still gonna watch though..."