 I have this friend, we will call him Steve, who has 2 boys who are in college in different cities. His boys are dating 2 very attractive girls. This is what happened one weekend when they were all at his house visiting for a holiday weekend. 

It was Friday night around 6pm when everyone starting arriving to the house. Steve and his boys were looking forward to a nice weekend, relaxing and catching up. The boys were also excited to have their respective girlfriends spend time getting to know their father. 

Joe was the oldest at 25 and has been in at school in California. His girlfriend, Brittany was the typical California girl, tall, long blonde hair, great tits and a tight ass. It didn't hurt that she liked to wear short shorts and mini skirts and didn't seem to ever wear a bra or panties. Steve had caught a glimpse on a trip to California to visit. Brittany was sitting across from him and spread her legs just wide enough that he could see her pussy. 

Rob was 23 and was attending school in Texas. His girlfriend Jessica was also tall, light brown hair, intense blue eyes and perky D cup breasts that defied gravity. She didn't dress quite as sexy as Brittany but she did like to showcase her great tits. 

Steve was excited to have the boys home as he has been living alone for quite a few years. When everyone arrived they headed out to the deck for cocktails. Everyone was chatting about what they had been up to the past several months and the vacations they were planning for the summer. Steve excused himself to go inside and get another bottle of wine. He didn't realize that the girls had followed behind him to help. As he walked into the kitchen one of the girls smacked his butt, which startled him, and they both started laughing. They asked if he needed any help, to which he replied that Brittany could grab ice and Jessica could grab some snacks while he picked a couple more bottles of wine. He was reaching down to grab the wine as Jessica was bending over. He could see that she also wasn't wearing a bra and one of her nipples popped out of her top. She didn't notice that Steve was looking as she stood back up and adjusted her top. He could feel is cock twitch in his pants a little. It had been quite a while since he had seen more action than his hand. He followed the girls as they walked back outside, trying to keep his mind off the hot bodies in front of him. 

As the night progressed, the wine kept flowing and he noticed the girls had begun to get frisky. He knew that the boys had met up on a few occasions on their own so the girls knew each other well and had became friends. They were sitting next to each other giggling. When Brittany decided it was time to go to bed she leaned over and kissed Jessica on the lips, giving Steve a glimpse of her bare pussy under her skirt. Shortly after everyone else decided to head in. 

The next morning the plan was to head out on the boat for a few hours. Everyone helped pack the coolers and after having a light breakfast they headed out on the boat. The boys wanted to do some fishing and the girls wanted to get some sun and have a few cocktails. So Steve took them out to a spot where the fishing was great. The boat was quite large and had a kitchen, bathroom and beds so that they could stay out for an extended period of time and everyone would be comfortable. Once they stopped the girls immediately grabbed drinks and headed out to the front of the boat with their towels. The boys grabbed their gear and headed to the back to start fishing. 

An hour or so after stopping Steve went up to the controls to check something. When he got there he could see the front of the boat where the girls were laying. However, he was surprised to see that the girls were tanning topless. He stood there for a few minutes staring at their beautiful, fit bodies. His cock started to twitch again and not wanting them to see him he headed back to the fishing. 

He couldn't keep his mind off them and pretty soon he needed to "check" something again. This time, he looked and the girls had taken off their bikini bottoms as well and were tanning in the nude. He couldn't help but stare. He didn't notice but Brittany saw him standing there and decided to give him a little show. She leaned over to Jessica and gave her a long, passionate kiss as she rubbed oil on her breast. She sat up and told Jessica she was going to grab them another drink. Not hearing what she said, Steve scrambled to the kitchen so they wouldn't see him. 

He opened the fridge to grab a beer and as he went to close it, Brittany was standing there, completely naked, pulling the door open to grab a drink. She smiled and said hello. 

"How's the fishing going?"

It took a minute for Steve to respond and all he managed to get out was "good...it's going good."

"You aren't uncomfortable that I tan naked, are you Steve?" 

"No, not at all" said Steve and he walked out of the room to the back of the boat. 

Brittany enjoyed showing off her body but there was something about Steve that excited her. He was older, tall, handsome and had done well for himself. She couldn't help but wonder how long it had been since he had sex and found herself wanting to show him a good time. As long as Joe didn't find out of course. 

Brittany went back with the drinks to Jessica and told her what happened. Jessica confessed to her that she thought Steve was attractive as well. Brittany then told her that she caught Steve looking at them while they were tanning. They both decided they would have a little fun and put on quite the show for Steve to jerk off to later. 

They waited until Steve came back to the helm of the boat pretending to be checking things. When he did they decided it was time to rub oil on each other. Brittany went first, not looking in Steve's direction, she started rubbing oil on Jessica. She rubbed her tits, paying close attention to her nipples, getting them nice and erect. Then she moved down to her flat belly and down lower to her thighs. She pushed open her thighs and rubbed oil on her pussy. She was rubbing up and down so well that Jessica started to get turned on. At this point, Steve stood there, unable to move, with a huge erection in his shorts. 

Now it was Brittany's turn for the rub down and Jessica gave her similar treatment to what she had just been given. But Brittany took it further, got up on her hands and knees and had Jessica rub her ass. Jessica reached over with one had to spread her cheeks and used the other hand to rub oil down the crack of her ass. She slipped a finger into Brittany's asshole just was Steve couldn't take it anymore and walked out. 

They saw him walk out and stopped. They agreed that they would take it further back at the house if they could get him alone. 

The boys were getting irritated at the lack of fish and decided they wanted to head back to the house. 

When they got back to the house the girls went to take showers as the boys cleaned up and started to prepare dinner. At dinner, the drinks were flowing again and everyone was having a great time. The girls both wore sundresses to dinner and looked stunning after getting sun all day. They took any opportunity to bend over or spread their legs so that Steve could see they weren't wearing panties. 

The boys were chatting about getting drunk and the girls found the opportunity to challenge them to a shot contest. They headed into the house to the bar where the girls made several different shots for the boys to try. It didn't take long for the boys to get drunk and pass out. 

Which, undenounced to Steve, is exactly what they wanted. 

Once they got the boys to their beds the girls came back out to help Steve clean up. They chatted for a few minutes about the boys and how drunk they were when they turned to Steve and said, "We both find you extremely attractive Steve. Did you enjoy watching us on the boat today?" 

Steve, didn't know what to say or do. He felt guilty about watching his son's girlfriends and what he wanted to do to them. But his cock had other plans as it started getting hard. 

He didn't have a chance to answer before his cock was so hard the girls could see it through his shorts. 

Brittany wasted no time and slipped her dress over her head. She was standing there completely naked as she walked over to Steve. She pulled down his shorts and released his huge cock. Steve's cock was quite impressive at 9" and thick. The girls were impressed and smiled at each other. 

Jessica then pulled her dress over her head and walked over to Steve. 

Both girls looked at each other then dropped to their knees and started licking and sucking Steve's cock. 

Steve didn't know what to do. These were his son's girlfriends. Should he stop them or just go with it? How far was this going to go? 

He decided he didn't have the willpower to stop it so he would just enjoy it. Besides, he didn't initiate, they did. 

They were doing such an amazing job sucking his cock he was about to burst when they stopped. Brittany looked at Jessica and said, I have to have this cock inside me. Do you mind? Jessica said no and laid on her back. Brittany got on her hands and knees over Jessica and positioned her pussy over Jessica's mouth. She looked at Steve and said, Fuck me please!

Steve got down on his knees and rubbed the head of his cock against Brittany's wet pussy. He could feel Jessica's tongue on his balls and on Brittany's pussy. He slid his cock all the way into Brittany's eager pussy. He couldn't believe how tight and wet she was. He knew it would take long to explode so he wanted to enjoy every second of the experience. The sensation of Jessica under them licking was something he never felt before. It wasn't long before he told the girls he was going to cum. Jessica grabbed the base of his cock and held it tight as she swallowed every drop of his load. 

Jessica continued to suck, doing her best to keep his cock hard. She then rolled him over onto his back and started grinding her pussy onto his cock. Brittany took the opportunity to position herself over his face so that he could lick her pussy while Jessica fucked him. 

Steve couldn't believe this was happening. Would this be a one time thing? Part of him hoped it wouldn't. 

He was trying to focus on licking Brittany's soaking cunt but Jessica was grinding so hard on his cock and cumming so hard he could feel the vibrations of her pussy. Then he felt Jessica slide his cock out of her pussy. He couldn't see, but he could feel her sucking it, getting his cock nice and wet. Then Jessica pushed his cock against her very tight asshole. He could tell it wasn't her pussy just by how much tighter it was. She slid down slowly until she got to the base of his big cock. She stayed there for a minute or so, getting used to it before she started slowly sliding up and down. 

Brittany asked her if Steve was in her ass and she said yes. Then Brittany moved off Steve's face and down to where she could lick Steve's balls while he fucked Jessica's ass. 

Again, it wasn't long before Steve felt himself on the edge. He told Jessica that he was about to cum. She pushed herself down onto his cock as he filled her tight ass with his second load. 

Jessica got up, thanked him for the amazing fuck and left the room. Brittany followed her lead, gave Steve a quick kiss, then walked out of the room. 

Steve took a minute, got up, took a shower and went to bed. 

The girls came out for breakfast the next morning as if nothing had happened.