 Heather looked good and I still worshipped the ground she walked on despite 6 years of marriage. At 26, I still looked good too and even though I say it myself, we were a handsome couple. There was still certain a girlish quality to Heather. Her slight frame coupled with a generous bust and long, lovely legs made guys turn around when she walked past. She would smile when they whistled, throw her long, blonde hair back and look over her shoulder as if to say, "Come and get me!"

I just loved it when she flirted and, though we still fucked regularly, my desire to see her having some of these guys had been fulfilled a couple of times during our six years; actually three times, and all in the last three years. I had played little part in each of the sessions though I had fucked her brains out when the guys had gone. All had been met on the internet and all had bigger cocks than me. It was only by promising her big cocks that I managed to get her to go along with the idea in the first place. Heather didn't care what the guys looked like or how old they were, just that the bigger the cock, the better for her. In fact none of the guys were dogs. Two were in their twenties and one was late thirties. One of the twenty-somethings was a little stocky but he hadn't lied when he said his cock was at least nine inches long. I watched and took come pictures for wanking fodder over the following months.

We hadn't done much since the big-cock guy, though Heather had said she was ready to be filled again. Despite much searching, there were a lot of time-wasters out there and quite a lot of liars too. I always asked for a cock picture and some guys' ideas of big were not ours. I mean I had over seven inches so there was little point in offering up my delicious wife for less than that! It might sound mercenary but that was our deal. She would let guys come and fuck her for me to watch as long as they were well blessed.

We had had a quiet week socially and all both of us had done was work, go home, watch telly and sleep. We had fucked on Wednesday night and talked about the big hunk I was going to find soon. That brought her to a howling orgasm! When Saturday came, I suggested we go for some pasta and then head for the local pub karaoke night afterwards. Not the height of social intercourse but it would get us out of the house. The pasta was great, as was the Pinot Grigio and it was a merry couple who walked arm in arm to the Whitehouse Inn, our local hostelry. The dulcet tones of white skinned, patchy redhaired (badly dyed), pimply, Diana Ross wannabe wafted, off key, out of the entrance singing "Do You Know Where You're Going To," which sadly, she didn't!

Heather, as always, had heads turning when she entered. Unlike many of the wives and girlfriends, she looked really good without tarting herself up in makeup. We grabbed a table and were joined by Sheila and Matt from near where we stayed. With the noise of the music, conversation wasn't going to be a major part of the evening anyway. Heather and I did our Sonny and Cher ("I Got You Babe") sometime after the fifth drink and Matt tried his hand at "Moon River," shortly after. We were in fine spirits and started shouting back and forth above the din.

A voice wafted from the stage singing "Streets of London" in perfect pitch.

"Bloody Hell he's good," said Sheila looking up. On stage was Davie, Daft Davie to all who knew him. Davie was well known in the area. He was around 27 and should have been a fine looking man. Actually he was a fine looking man, but something had left him thinking like an 11 year old. That's when he stopped developing mentally. He stood around 6 feet tall, was a quite thin, had yellow, blonde hair which was wild and receding slightly at the front and wire glasses which added to his geeky status. Everyone liked Davie as he was completely harmless and he frequently made himself useful doing errands and sometimes even a bit of gardening within the attention limits expected of an "11 year old."

I had never heard him sing but he was bloody good. There was no sign of his clumsy, embarrassed way, no sign of his limited vocabulary, and no lack of confidence. However, when the song finished and we all applauded, he almost shrivelled back into the Davie we all knew. He went back up to the bar to sit and sipped on his pint. People spoke to Davie but no one really held a conversation with him beyond, "How are you," or "How's your Mum," with whom he lived?

Around thirty minutes later, I went to the toilet and when I entered, Davie was standing at the urinal. He looked up with a slightly embarrassed look and smiled when he recognised me.

"Hi Davie, how's things," I chided?

"Fine Mr Steve," he said his habit of calling everyone by their Christian name.

We drifted into silence as men do when standing alongside each other with their dicks out. I don't know what made me look along at him but when I did and did a double take. Daft Davie was standing with a soft cock in his hand which had to be over six inches long. There was more though, its thickness was like a large cucumber. He caught me looking and smiled, looking down at my cock as he did so. That didn't bother me until I saw him really stare. I looked down and realised I had started to grow for some reason and my cock was almost up to its full seven and a half inches. I was about to put it away when I looked back at Davie again and though I couldn't fully make it out, his growing cock was already close to ten, thick inches. 

"You look horny Davie," I said.

He flushed and quickly struggled to push the monster back into his jogging bottoms. When he walked out the protrusion was enormous and he had to keep pulling it upwards to stop it looking too obvious as he headed to the bar.

"You're joking," said Heather when I quietly told her back in the bar?

"The size and thickness of my arm from wrist to elbow," I said.

"Fucking Hell, that must be one of the biggest on the planet," she said.

"Maybe not the planet but possibly the biggest I'll ever see," I replied.

There was silence from Heather for almost fifteen minutes as we continued to watch the singers. She leaned over to me and whispered in my ear, "I wonder what it would feel like inside me?"

"It's Daft Davie, Heather, nobody wants it," I said. "It would be like having a kid."

"A kid with a foot long cock," she replied before turning back to chat to our friends.

Davie was standing over at the bar as we spoke, and our friends turned away, preoccupied with the latest rendering of "Mac the Knife" from a Co-op van driver so they were well out of earshot.

"He's not ugly," continued Heather.

"It's nothing to do with being ugly it's just his complete manner let alone what his personal hygiene might be like." I continued on a roll now. "Just imagine taking his big cock in your hand and he pulls back the foreskin to reveal enough cream cheese to cover a cracker."

"Don't be disgusting," she replied, "I'll shower him before we start.

"Heather, stop this now. I'll find you another real man," I said firmly!

"With a foot long cock the size of your forearm," she asked?

I smiled and changed the subject.

That night in bed, Heather went over the scenario in the toilet again and again.

"Would you have touched it," she asked?

"No I wouldn't," I said.

"Imagine handling that enormous brute and holding it as you guide him into me. With his mental age, it will be having a massively endowed virgin. Don't you think at his age the poor lad needs some fun?"

She wasn't giving up.

"Remember, he got hard looking at my cock," I said to her, "maybe he's gay."

"Oh goody," she said, "you can take his cock up your arse."

"You're fucking joking," I said.

"I figure that poor lad just wants sex, any sex. His brain might be underage but his body isn't," she said.

Two days onwards and when I got home from work Heather announced that we were getting help to mow the lawn.

"I'll do it," I said, "There's no need to get some local lad to do it. We can save the ten pounds."

"Actually Dave's mother said she would be happy to send him round as it keeps him occupied. He's good at grass cutting apparently."

"Oh no Heather, you're not going to seduce him?"

"I won't force anything; let's just see how it rolls."

Saturday afternoon was warm and sunny. Our lawn did NOT need cut. Davie arrived in his jogging bottoms and Manchester United football top and looked quite cheery. Heather was in control as I was quite concerned about where this would go.

"His Davie, come in. Steve went and cut the grass, not knowing you were coming round so it doesn't need done now."

"Why don't you just do some weeding and then stay for some drinks and a snack and we'll pay you anyway."

He smiled and nodded.

"Are you allowed beer," she asked.

"Yes, I like beer," he said.

"Well you do a little work and we'll give you a beer as long as you don't tell your mum I got you drunk."

He smiled and headed off to weed. He was quite good in the garden within limitations so she let him work away in the sun to "work up a sweat," as she said!

"You must be hot Davie, do you want to stop now," Heather shouted?

"O.K. Mrs Steve," he replied, downing the hoe and walking towards us.

"Look at that cock sway back and forth in his track suit bottoms," said Heather.

I was no expert in men's crotches but there was definite meat swinging in there. I was terrified we were going to scare the living daylights out of this poor lad.

She poured him a glass of lager and we each had some wine.

As I watched, him I realised Heather was right. Just sitting here on the couch, he looked like a professor of some sort. He was quite attractive; it was just his body language and manner and the knowledge that it was impossible to hold a conversation that made him unsexy.

She wasn't giving up though.

"You must be hot and I can't have you going home all sweaty Davie, so why don't you have a shower here. Steve is about to have one so he can show you how it works.

"I am," I said?

"You are," said Heather. "It would embarrass Davie if I went along and took all my clothes off to shower now wouldn't it?"

Davie blushed.

"Just leave your things outside Davie and I'll air them. There are towels inside the wet room," said Heather, still leaving me confused with her plan.

As soon as he was inside, she told me to strip to my briefs and go in as if to shave then make some excuse to strip naked and shower before he left the room. "If he got hard seeing a naked man last time, and wasn't embarrassed then he is unlikely to feel too bad today. I need him excited before I can make a move."

Davie was about 5 minutes into his shower and I did as I was asked. My cock was already hard, partly because of the full seduction thing and partly because Heather had been stroking me and telling me how wet she was. She had showered and cleaned herself before he arrived so had obviously been doing a little warm-up on her own.

Davie didn't see me walk in. The wet room was open plan so no shower door, and Davie was soaping his hair his cock was hanging semi erect between his legs, obviously excited by the warm shower.

"I need to shave Davie, is that O.K.," I said?

"Um, yes Mr Steve."

"Would you like me to help you wash, maybe your back," I asked?

"Can you do my bottom bit of back please, I can't ever reach there," he said?

I stripped off my briefs in front of him realising I was still quite hard and he looked, his eyes forming big circles.

"You've got a stiffie," he said.

"So I have, I don't know why," I replied.

I started to soap his back down to the top of his buttocks keeping carefully away from his arse but allowed my hand down to the top of his legs and in between for a few fleeting seconds.

"That's tickly," he said.

"Tickly nice or tickly bad," I asked?

"It's making me go stiffy now," he said.

"Let me see," I asked?

"I'm not supposed to," he said.

"But look at me," as I pointed at my stiff erection.

He turned to look and something resembling a white, policeman's truncheon, stood almost horizontally out from him. It couldn't stand straight due to the sheer size. I had seen cocks like this on the internet but always assumed they were fakes. I couldn't judge easily but it had to be 12 long inches and easily the thickness of my wrist. I seriously doubted Heather's ability to accept this if she got it. I gripped it in my hand and it jumped. So did I as this was all new to me and I was amazed at the thrill of doing it. I had an urge to suck it but realised I would have to go easy.

"That's really nice Mr Steve," he said as his hand gripped mine.

"Hi boys," said Heather, now standing at the open wet room door.

"Isn't Davie's stiffie really nice," I said, trying to be matter of fact. 

"Oh Davie it's beautiful, can I see it outside in the room, please," she asked in a similar way.

Davie shrugged his shoulders and said, "I need to dry first Mrs Steve."

"O.K. Davie," we said in unison and waited.

If we hadn't known Davie, he would not be considered attractive in that his body language was gauche and clumsy, but looking at him coldly as a stranger, which was easier to do now that he was naked, you could see he was actually a fine looking guy. He was well built both in body and in the swinging, heavy chunk of meat heading towards us from the bedroom. His walk was ungainly and he just stood in front of Heather, she stripped off and stood in just a pair of white, almost transparent panties. Davie's eyes were on stalks and his cock was slowly rising again. As for mine, it hadn't gone down from the first encounter.

Heather took his hand and placed it in her breast. Davie took a sharp intake of breath as he fingered her erect nipple. She pulled the giant guy towards her and pushed his head to the same nipple asking him to suck. After an initial yelp from Heather, she managed to show him what she meant. 

"Is that good," she asked him?

"Yes Mrs Steve," he replied.

I stood back and left this to Heather. I was being turned on just watching so just nursed my achingly stiff cock. She pulled him down on to her. He looked enormous on top of my little Heather. His big cock was pushed down between her legs and bent back obscenely so that it faced in my direction. The foreskin had slid back and the enormous head was moist with pre-cum and looked as though it was winking at me. Heather was warming up. She gripped his head and pulled it to her face, kissing him. I could see he wasn't quite sure what to do and it took a few moments guidance before his open mouth was over hers. I just couldn't get over the size difference in the two bodies lying before me.

I stretched forward and gently took hold of his cock. He jumped a little and looked around at me.

"I'm just going to make you feel good Davie," I said as I rubbed his foreskin back and forward over the head of his cock.

He rolled on to his back taking Heather over until she was on top of him. Heather slid down and took his cock in her hand as he watched her. She put her mouth over the head and, stretching as best she could, managed to swallow about one third of the entire beast.

"What are you doing to my thingy, Mrs Steve," he asked?

They say you shouldn't answer a question with a question but Heather's reply was, "Does what I'm doing feel good?"

"Oh yes but it's not nice to put it in your mouth," he said.

"Should I stop then Davie?"

"If you don't mind Mrs Steve, then I suppose I don't," he replied, his cock looking as hard as it was ever going to get.

"Why don't you do it to me too Davie," she asked?

"What," he said?

Heather slipped up his entire body and without a single word, plonked her open cunt straight on his mouth. Poor Davie's attempts to ask what he should do sounded more like, "Mmpph," than anything else.

I had to assume he was doing something right as Heather started to whimper. "Push your tongue in Davie, please. Oh that's it, oh my God that's it."

I crawled on to the bed carefully and took Davie's hard cock in my hand. I wanted to feel what it would be like to suck a cock, especially one this size and this was probably going to be one of my few chances. Like Heather, I struggled to get my mouth over him. As my mouth pushed gently as far as I could go, he started thrusting into my mouth. I hoped he wasn't going to cum as I had no idea what I would do with a gallon of man seed in my mouth. Heather sucked me off but always spat out and the idea of having another man's cum in my mouth did not appeal. Luckily he was just thrusting in an automatic way.

The feeling of hard flesh filling my mouth was very erotic. It was like nothing I had ever felt before and at that moment; I knew I would enjoy doing it again. Heather watched me and winked her approval. With her go ahead, I gripped it more firmly and quickly developed a technique for sucking. Sliding his foreskin back in my mouth and slurping over the head. The liquid coming out was slightly salty but not unpleasant.

"Oh Mr Steve, I'm going to get the tingle," he said.

I stopped quickly as I knew what would ensue on the back of the "tingle."

"Let us show you a new way to tingle Davie," I said, taking a condom from the drawer.

Davie looked down at me as he lay on the bed, his hands behind his head and Heather kneeling to his side. The condom took some extra stretching to cover this beast and would not pull all the way to the base but his cock increased in hardness even more with the latex gripping it firmly. When I took my hand away, it stood upright like a telegraph pole. Heather moved to straddle him and gently lowered herself on to the pole. I kneeled to watch the entry at close quarters, gently stroking my own cock which was desperate to cum. It took a number of attempts before his cock was inside Heather while Davie looked on quizzically.

Heather started to ride him up and down and I took my digital camera to record the event. It took Heather a few attempts, as wet as she was, to take all of Davie inside her but once she managed she started to ride up and down on his prone body. As she rode he kept gasping little "Oh's" with each downward stroke. Heather had an almighty orgasm but Davie's technique was such that he gave her little time to bask in it as he continued to hammer into her without any regard for much but his own impending climax. 

Without any warning, he suddenly took control. He rolled Heather on to her back, pulled her legs wide and re-entered her quite forcefully before starting to hammer into her. Heather's yelps as his massive cock lunged into her body could have been interpreted as pain but I knew otherwise. This was a totally different Davie from the shy, immature and coy young man we knew. He was holding her legs apart and his mouth wrapped around one of her tits as he fucked her. 

He was talking as he fucked but the words made little sense. They were just beginnings of sentences such as, "Oh that's good Mrs Steve, it's just like........," and "It tickles more than usual," before drifting back into mumbles.

I was stroking my cock with my right hand and stroking his cock and balls as it entered Heather, with my other. The feeling of a hard male member penetrating my loved one was almost too much to bear so I was happy when Davie's speed increased and his thrusting became very urgent. I actually felt his cum forcing its way up his pole and into Heather as my fingers gripped it. There were about five spurts, each accompanied by a forceful thrust from Davie and a grunt from Heather.

Once he had slowed to a stop, he pulled his length of flesh out of her almost as though she was giving birth. The condom sac drooped at the end with a volumous quantity of white seed, making it sag at the end of his cock. My ejaculation came quickly and I sprayed over part of his back and Heather's chest reaching up as far as her lower lip. She smiled and licked it off.
