 This is a sequel to "Hotel Entrepreneur".

---

Daisy recalled the event that propelled her whoring (or as she called it, her independent service contract business) into high gear. She had been working as a small-time slut at a hotel, teasing traveling businessmen into paying fifty bucks for a blowjob. Looking back now, she laughed at how she once thought this small time operation was a big deal.

One night she went a little farther with a client, ordering him around, letting him see her bare tits, even letting him cum--on her face! 

---

All this she pondered as she stared at the hotel door in front of her: room 42. She took a deep breath to steady herself and checked herself out. She was dressed in her maid's uniform: black knee-length skirt, white longsleeve blouse, white pantyhose. Under her blouse a lacy white bra held her small tits in place. Black high heel shoes, a deviation from the standard uniform, were strapped onto her feet. She smiled as she realized that that was all: she skipped wearing panties today. 

This was it. If she entered this room she was going to get fucked by ten guys. Ten! Sure, she considered herself an experienced "entrepreneur"; she had in the previous 10 months supplemented her income by sucking strangers' cocks for $50 a pop. Some nights she had multiple clients. One busy night she blew three different guys, sucking in (and spitting out) three different loads of cum. But this... this was something else. Up until the night she teased that wealthy traveller into paying extra for cumming on her face, she had never done anything other than suck and spit--she usually didn't even let her clients see her bare tits. 

But then she ran into Tom and Greg. She flushed as she recalled seducing them, of how Tom refused her advances with the "I have a girlfriend" excuse, of sucking off Greg while Tom watched, of Tom fingering her, of looking him in the eye while she fucked Greg, of Tom finally losing control and fucking her mouth while she bounced in Greg's lap, of the two of them fucking her back and forth while giving each other high fives, the feel of Tom's hard cock in her pussy and Greg's dick between her lips. And of the cum. The wanton lusty feeling of Greg's hot cum splashing her face. How the rocking motion of Tom's thrusts caused Greg's cum to slide and spatter. The look in the men's eyes when she scooped their jizz from her tits and sucked it off her fingers. 

She smiled again, realizing she was panting slightly. That night she surprised herself. She never liked the taste or texture of cum, but she liked how the guys reacted when she played with and swallowed it. Letting them cum on her face, smearing the cum around, made her feel like a total whore. She loved it--loved putting on a show and driving them crazy.

How much cum could *ten* guys produce?

She took another deep breath and knocked on the door. She heard a commotion of voices, then the door was opened by Greg. She smiled at the familiar face, somewhat relieved, and stepped into the room. Greg let the door close behind her. It was a typical hotel room: closet and bathroom door on the left, forming a short hallway to the bedroom. From where she was standing in the doorway she could see the foot of the queen sized bed, as well as the low dresser and (in the corner) an easy chair next to a floor lamp. Tom was sitting in the chair, the lamp lighting up his short brown hair. He grinned at her.

"Hi Daisy. Are you ready to party?"

"Yes." her pulse quickened. But she remembered the deal. "Do you have my money?"

She heard more than one man chuckle--they must be around the corner, around and on the bed. Tom answered by holding up a very thick envelope. "Ten guys, three hundred dollars each." He tossed the envelope on the dresser. To Daisy's delight it made a loud thud. Tom continued, "In exchange for your services for the night."

This was it.

"Are you ready to get this party started?

She took a glance in the full-length closet door mirror. She saw a pretty woman in her late twenties, small tits but great legs, blow-dried shoulder length light brown hair with blonde streaks framing a slightly latina face, foxy eyes with a naughty look and dark eyelashes, full red lips, slightly flushed cheeks. 

"Oh yeah." She smiled crookedly as she sauntered into the room. This was familiar territory. She'd seduced a hundred lonely travelers with her sexy maid act. When she rounded the corner and entered the room proper she saw the men. Ten guys didn't look like a lot, and with a quick count she realized that only five were present. Counting Greg and Tom that made seven. She turned to Tom to speak but he cut her off. "The other guys will arrive later. Don't worry, you'll get the full $3,000."

She turned back to consider the guys. They were typical frat guys: young, thick, and boisterous. Completely generic except for one guy: an athletic-looking black guy. He noticed her look. "Hi, I'm Andre. And yeah, what they say is true." The guys guffawed and gave him high fives, then a somewhat awkward silence fell. Daisy took control by planting her hands on her hips and demanding "Prove it!"

Andre glanced self-consciously at his buddies and Daisy realized this situation was a first for them as well. This made her a little more comfortable. "Come on Andre, show me what you got!" she teased. He walked to where she was standing at the foot of the bed. He undid his belt, opened his button, zipped down his fly, and paused. "Yeah, um, you gonna do something to make me hard?" Feeling suddenly foolish, he added a little tough talk. "Bitch?"

Daisy smiled. Usually she took control, but she liked the attempt at dirty talk. In reply to Andre she took his hands and mashed them onto her tits. His fingers clutched and squeezed and Daisy felt her nipples engorge. She reached down and stuffed her hands into his pants, over his underwear, and groped until she found his dick. They stood there fondling each other, each keenly aware that six pairs of eyes were watching them.

Daisy felt the dick in her hands grow, and lengthen, and stretch, and fill out--it kept going and going. Andre started to make a face and she realized the confinement was starting to hurt. Loudly she told him "Now, Andre, I'm going to suck. Your. Dick." The guys hooted and hollered and Daisy slinked her way down to her knees. Once again in familiar territory, she gripped his pants at the knees and tugged them down. Andre's dick stretched his boxer briefs out obscenely. Daisy leaned forward and rubbed her cheek against his cloth-covered dick and began sliding her hands up his legs. Andre pivoted his hips to rub against Daisy, and she made a show, switching to press her other cheek against it. This let her look at Tom. He was in his chair stroking his own dick through his pants. Daisy winked at him, held his gaze, and turned her lips on Andre's cock. She sucked the side of it through the cotton. Then licked along the entire length, all while staring at Tom. It took some time.

Her hands reached the bottom of the briefs and slid underneath. Her left hand passed over his cock but didn't stop until it reach the top. She reversed her palms, gripped the top edge of his briefs like a pullup bar, and tugged down suddenly. Andre's underwear shot to his ankles, releasing his cock like a spring, and it smacked the side of her face with an audible whack! 

The guys were going crazy now, especially Andre. Daisy was shocked at how hard the cock sprung out--her cheek actually stung a little, and her eyes slightly watered. It was a sight to behold: at least nine inches long, thick and purple. Andre pushed forward but his cock was so hard and high that it rested on her forehead, the tip way past the back of her head. She looked up past the cock and into Andre's smirking face.

"Suck it, bitch!" he said, like reciting a movie line. The guys all laughed and Daisy gripped the thing in both hands then leaned back until the tip was before her. She lowered it down. Extended her tongue and circled the head. She'd never been with a black guy before, but this tasted like cock, no different than the dozens of others she'd sucked off. Andre pushed forward and she let him enter her mouth. He kept going, and going, inches of dick sliding past her lips, until she had to tighten her two-fisted grip to get him to stop. She felt like she was about to gag, and she had less than half of him in her mouth!

"C'mon, you can do better than that!" someone called. Andre withdrew and slowly thrust in again. Daisy accepted him as well as she could but had to stop him again, her eyes watering and throat twitching. She withdrew her head and tried to buy some time by swirling her tongue around. By his reaction, Andre was just fine with that. She bobbed her head back and forth and considered. She'd heard of deep-throating but had never had a dick in her mouth before that really needed it. The largest of the guy's she'd blown had been content with what she was giving Andre, but he was only halfway in and she viewed him as a challenge. Andre by this time was meeting her bobbing head with thrusts, and she gradually loosened her two-fisted grip and let him go a little deeper each time. Andre got the idea and held her head steady in his large hands. Daisy willed her throat to relax, and started to slide her hand up and down his shaft. With her other hand she gripped his balls. Like everything about Andre, these too were large, and surprisingly heavy. Daisy's heart beat faster. They must be full of a *lot* of cum!

Daisy's distracting thoughts let Andre shove even more of this dick down her throat. He pushed forward and held her head as he slowly slid in a little more than halfway. But it was too much. Daisy's throat suddenly tightened on the intruding dick and Andre bucked his hips back before she threw up. The guys cheered as Daisy looked up at an appreciative Andre. He said "Wow, no one's been able to take me that deep before!" 

"She's had a lot of practice!" Tom said, standing up. "My turn. Come on Daisy, let's show them what you can do." Daisy licked her lips as Tom replaced a disappointed Andre. His dick was already out; he'd stepped out of his pants. Daisy took the opportunity to look around the room. All the rest of the guys had stripped down to their underwear or less, and were stroking their dicks, getting them hard. Hard for her. Meanwhile, she was still fully clothed. She was amazed at how quickly the guys got their dicks out and at attention. Why, she could drop down and blow an entire bustop full of guys before the bus arrived, with no one the wiser. The thought made her pussy throb.

She was still on her knees, facing the foot of the bed, her back to the dresser. She was about to suggest a move onto the bed when Tom centered his cockhead before her face. She opened her mouth to suck it in but he moved it away, rubbing it on her cheek and face. She twisted this way and that impatiently but he kept it from her suckling lips. 

"Man, the whore really wants that cock!" someone called and the others laughed. Daisy joined in. "Give me your dick! I want to suck it! Give it to mphl!-" Tom garbled the rest of her words by thrusting his cock past her lips. Daisy instantly started sucking, her cheeks hollowing out, her tongue rhythmically curling up the underside. This is what she does. Tom put his hands on her head to hold her steady and she put her hands on the base of his full six inch cock. One hand made a fist at the base while the other formed an "O" with her thumb and forefinger, which she pumped up and down in time with her head bobbing. The guys admired a pro cocksucker at work.

Tom, a little out of breath, instructed "Ok guys, she's here to please more guys than one. Why don't you get her out of those clothes?" Daisy forgot that she was still fully clothed. Out of the corner of her eyes she saw Greg move behind her and some of the other guys crowd around. Hands started to unbutton her blouse. Other hands groped her tits and ass through the material. As the men gathered around to strip her, occasionally they'd knock their cocks against her head and shoulders. Daisy felt a flush of heat go through her body and she sucked a little harder.

The blouse was finally unbuttoned. Daisy took her hands off Tom's dick so Greg could slide it off. She let her hands be tugged straight behind her, the long sleeves sliding off, but instead of sliding it all the way off Greg started looping the material, tying her wrists together behind her back. Meanwhile, two of the other guys around her rudely tugged her bra cups down, spilling her tits free into the open air. They left the bra strapped on and pushing her swaying tits up.

The guys were quiet now, breathing heavily. The only sound in the room was slurping noises as Daisy, with no ability to control the pace or positioning of the cock in her mouth, gave Tom a sloppy blowjob. He kept slipping all the way out (on purpose or not; Daisy couldn't tell) and each time he'd slide his slick dick around Daisy's face as she twisted her head to try to suck it back into her mouth. She was shocked at how much she wanted that dick back between her lips, at how good it felt to be bound and partially exposed before a roomful of guys as she sucked dick. Or tried to suck dick. Tom's slick cock kept sliding around, causing her face to glisten.

She finally got Tom's cock back in her mouth and started sucking again noisily. The other guys were tweaking and grabbing her tits. Someone, she assumed it was Greg, knelt behind her and grabbed the lower hem of her skirt. She rose up on her knees and let him roll it up, exposing her thighs, up, exposing the tops of her hose, up, exposing her ass, up, until is was little more than a wadded up belt around her waist. The guys whistled and hollered again when they saw her bare pussy between her legs--a triangle of dark fur. The guy behind her saw a little more, and she felt hands rubbing her butt. 

"Spank her!" Tom gasped. "She likes it!" Dutifully the hands left her ass. There was a pause. Daisy trembled, anticipating the blow. It didn't come, so she started bobbing her head quickly on Tom's dick in frustration. Finally--smack!--the first spank came. Then another. And another. As each spank hit, she sucked Tom deeply. The spanks started to come more often as more guys crowded in to lay an open hand on her ass. Daisy felt each one, the sting and warmth spreading from her ass inward, warming her whole pussy. Her tits, alternately grabbed and pulled and teased and exposed to the cool air, played with by at least five different guys, were throbbing. Tom started really going at it, holding her head, really fucking her face--she heard once again the sound of his balls slapping against her chin. She saw the other guys around her out of the corner of her eyes, or really, she saw their cocks, right at eye level, all waiting their turn.

The spanks continued, rapidly, now lingering a second or two after contact. Her ass was bright red. She wiggled to get a new position but her tied hands allowed her no leverage. Then the hands started to move after smacking her butt. After a hit, the guy would slide his hand inward and drag his hot fingers over her pussy, and away. The fingers started slapping with a wet noise now and she realized her cunt was dripping. She sucked with renewed energy, Tom burying his cock to the hilt with long strokes that left her lips and nose at his hair. The spanking hand lingered more, then started sliding fingers into her cunt between each hit. Each stroke caused her aching tits to sway. It was almost too much for Daisy. Faster they came, more fingers, Tom's cock in her mouth, then he held her there, deep down her throat, she slid her tongue out past his dick and felt with the tip his balls. They suddenly shifted and she knew what was next.

Tom tried to pull out and almost made it. Cum shot down Daisy's throat, which reflexively closed, causing the cum to pool under her tongue. The dick slipped out of her pursed lips and spurted onto them so hard she felt splashes on her bare tits and shoulders from cum shrapnel. Tom gripped his dick and aimed it at her face, pumped once and bellowed as another cumshot sprayed across her forehead. Some got in her eye, stinging, making her turn her head as Tom continued. She felt a wet plop land in her hair right above her ear. She turned the other way and another spurt hit her jaw and neck. She opened her eyes to see yet another spurt land square on the tip of her nose. The last spurt went with less energy and dripped onto her right breast. The hot cum on her nipple felt wonderful. Tom shoved his cock past Daisy's cumslick lips into her mouth causing the pooled cum to squirt out the corners of her mouth and dribble down her chin. She enthusiastically sucked the last drops out. It was a lot!

"Man, that Peter North pill really works! Holy shit you came a lot! Just look at her!" someone called. The guys were impressed. So was Daisy--she'd never seen so much cum from one guy. If they all took that same pill...

The cum was warm and slick, oozing down her face. She felt hot drops splatting from her face onto her chest. Tom's cock was still rock hard. Fingers worked in her pussy. A hand smacked her ass. She knew she looked a mess, spattered with spooge, Tom withdrew, she took a deep breath and another man stuffed his dick between her lips and began to thrust, making her cum-spattered tits jerk up and down as the hand worked her cunt. The trickling cum tickled her nose. The guy breathed loud and fast. She knew she was soon going to get doused again, right in front of everyone.

Daisy came. Hard. She moaned and tried to get the dick out of her mouth so she could breathe but he kept thrusting. With one nostril choked with Tom's cum she became lightheaded, her pussy clutching at the inadequate fingers. She needed cock in her pussy! 

The guy popped out of Daisy's mouth and she gasped, settled back and writhed on the fingers trapped beneath her. "Oh yeaaaaah! Ah! I need cock! Somebody fuck me!" She called out. She realized it sounded loud. The other guys were quiet, no hands were on her tits, no cock in her mouth, the cum on her face and body cool with a sudden breeze. What was wrong?

She opened her eyes and turned toward the door, which was wide open. A guy like the others had just walked in--a late arrival. What everyone was looking at, however, was the young couple in the hallway clutching a suitcase and staring open mouthed into the room. They saw five naked men surrounding a young woman on her knees, arms tied behind her arched back, her face spattered with hanging strands of cum, white cum on her heaving tits, her ass cherry red from spanking. 

The man of the couple had an astonished look that slowly curled into a smile. The woman was white as a ghost, her hand held up before her shocked face. Daisy, not knowing what else to do, licked her whitened lips and winked.

With a slam the door shut and the room burst out laughing. The newcomer quickly stripped out of his clothes and called out "I believe the lady made a request!" as he moved behind her. The guy she'd been sucking was replaced by yet another, more nimble guy, who sat on the edge of the bed and waited with his dick proudly erect. Daisy didn't know quite what to do, what with her hands still tied behind her back. Someone poked her in the cheek with his dick so she slipped it into her mouth and started sucking.

"Hey, I got dibs!" complained the guy on the bed. He pushed the other guy away and grabbed Daisy's shoulders to center her before him. She started to lean forward but quickly unbalanced. The guy caught her weight and slowly lowered her face toward his dick. Meanwhile, what was presumably the new arrival knelt behind her. He put his knees outside her own legs, pushing her legs together. "This'll make even a loose whore nice and tight!" he called to his buddies.
