 Daisy and Ron sat at a table in the corner of a Smokey blues bar. Daisy was a little embarrassed about wearing the Halloween costume that Ron had picked out for her - but, she was also very turned on. She felt everyone's eyes as they walked into the bar and found the table in the corner. She realized that the costume was very eye catching. Ron called it a slut witch costume. The costume consisted of a very short black skirt, a black vest over a wife beater t-shirt which was at least two sizes too small for her and a witches hat. 

Daisy looked around he room as Ron went to the bar to get them some drinks. She realized she was the only white girl in the whole bar and it turned her on. They had agreed to not have group sex yet, just a lot of flirting and teasing. She thought to herself this would be the perfect place for a gangbang.

Ron came back from the bar with four shots of Jack Daniels. He wanted to get her drunk and see what she is like. To see if she is the slut she says she is when she drinks. His plan was to get her drunk and watch her tease all the black guys in the bar then take her home and fuck her like a drunken slut should be fucked. He drank one shot while he watched her slam down three shots in a row.

Daisy was really getting into the music as she felt the booze start to affect her. She was so buzzed and into the music that she didn't even notice when Ron took her hat off and kissed her neck. The music, booze and kisses on her neck were making her very horny and soon she felt Ron's finger enter her pussy. She just laid her head back on the seat taking in all the sensations she was feeling. Ron kissed up her neck and began to attack her mouth with hot kisses as he worked two fingers in and out of her hot little cunt fast and hard. Her breathing was getting heavy as she realized she was getting very close to an orgasm. She lifted her hips to meet the thrusts of Ron's fingers and had her first orgasm of the night. 

She heard Ron tell her he was going to the bar for more drinks, but she was too lost in her own sensations to respond to him. Just as she was getting into a really slow sultry song she felt someone grab her hand. She opened her eyes to look right into the eyes of a handsome black man. 

"Let's dance bitch," she heard the man say as he pulled her out of the seat. 

She really didn't want to dance, but it seemed she didn't have much choice so she relaxed a little as the man dragged her out onto the dance floor. When they reached the floor the man put her arms around his neck and put his hands on her hips. The music took control of her as she just laid her head on the man's chest and slowly swayed to the music. She could feel the man pulling her hips into his hard cock and she let out a little sigh. Without even realizing it Daisy was soon grinding into the hard cock. She could feel the cock growing harder and harder and realized that she would fuck this guy if he even tried a little bit. She was a little disappointed when the song ended.

As soon as the song ended another man grabbed her and pulled her back onto the dance floor. The song was a faster song and she began to move with the rhythm. She closed her eyes as the music took control of her body. 

The man pulled Daisy close to him and whispered to her, "you are one hot white slut baby." 

She just closed her eyes and went with it. Then she felt the man grab her ass with both hands and pull her right onto his leg. She began to get scared, but she remembered Ron was there and he wouldn't let anyone hurt her. She felt her head being tipped back and opened her eyes to see another man holding a drink to her lips. He poured it so fast that some of it dribbled down her face, but she did the best she could to drink as much as she could. When she was done drinking the drink another was put in it's place, then another. She began to get very dizzy and didn't even realize that another song had started.

Soon there were five men dancing around her, each of them feeding her drinks as she danced. Then she felt someone taking her vest off and to her surprise she raised her arms to make it easier for him. She could feel her nipples poking thru the thin material of the wife beater shirt as she felt the men pulling her into them. She would grind on one man for a while until another man pulled her off and onto him then she would grind on him. Each time a man would pull her to him they would whisper something in her ear. She was told over and over again that she was "a hot bitch," or that she was "a pretty little white girl." One man told her that "her blonde head would look good bobbing up and down on his black cock." and that really made her hot. 

As Daisy danced with the men she thought to herself, "Well I'm horny, drunk and teasing the hell out of these men, Ron should be proud." 

The next song was another slow sultry song and Daisy just closed her eyes and danced with whichever man had her at the time. Just as she was grinding on one guys hard cock Daisy heard the crowd cheer and whistle. This caused her to look up as she seen the men stepping back. Then she saw a woman who looked like Halle Berry approach her. The woman pulled Daisy to her and began dancing. Daisy felt the woman's nipples against her own as they both grinded into each other. Then she felt the woman kissing her neck as they danced. The woman kissed her way up from her neck to Daisy's mouth. She felt her legs tremble as the woman sucked on her tongue and grind into her pussy. As they kissed, the woman worked her hands under Daisy's skirt and felt her ass. The two women danced as if they were in a bed and nobody else was around them. Daisy felt the woman take her hand and put it on her hard firm black tits. The woman moaned into Daisy's mouth as Daisy twisted and pulled on the woman's long nipples. Daisy was in another world. 

When the song ended the two women just kept dancing and feeling each other up. They were so into each other they didn't hear the laughter from the crowd, nor did they see the man approach them with a bucket of water. The two women came to their senses when they felt the cold water poured on top of them. Both women jumped back startled as the cold water washed over their bodies. Daisy turned to the crowd as they laughed hysterically. Then she realized her top was now completely see thru. She searched the crowd for Ron as the woman grabbed her hands and started dragging her off the dance floor. She couldn't see Ron anywhere as she was drug threw the crowd. She could feel men grabbing her ass and her tits as she passed them. As the two women fought thru the crowd Daisy felt her shirt ripped off of her body. More hands feeling her boobs and ass. Then she felt her skirt being ripped off Both women were now naked and trying to push their way thru the crowd which was getting thicker and thicker as everyone in the bar closed around them. Daisy felt a finger go up her cunt and start to fuck her. She fought the feeling to stay and let this man get her off because she was also scared. But, she stopped and let the man fuck her with his finger so hard he was almost lifting her off the ground. The woman pulled Daisy away from the man and they finally made it to the women's room. 

Once in the women's room the woman asked Daisy if she was ok. 

Daisy still feeling the effects of the alcohol and the man fingering her pussy just said, "Yes, I'm good." 

Then the woman backed her into the wall and started kissing her again. As their tongues wrestled with each other Daisy felt the woman enter her pussy with her fingers. The woman worked three fingers in Daisy's cunt and started fucking her hard. 

As the woman fucked Daisy with her fingers she told her, "I hope this little white pussy is tough, because you are going to have to fuck your way out of this bar baby." 

Then the woman pushed Daisy back onto the sink and knelt down between her legs and started licking her cunt. Daisy looked down and thought how sexy it was to see this black woman between her legs. She felt the woman begin to work on her clit. The woman nibbled, licked, kissed and even bit her clit as she pushed her pussy into the woman's face. 

The woman told Daisy, "I need to get this pussy really wet because those boys are going to fuck you with their big black dicks baby." "Can you handle that cracker girl?" The woman asked.

Daisy just whispered.... "yes." 

Daisy felt the woman lick the length of her pussy, working her tongue in as far as she could. Then she felt the woman going back to her clit as she sucked it hard into her mouth. Daisy came hard in the woman's mouth.

Daisy must have passed out after she came in the woman's mouth. She woke up and looked around her. The first thing she seen was a large crowd of men around her. Then she realized she was naked and laying on top of a table in front of this crowd. 

"Oh my god," she thought, "where is Ron?"

She looked into the crowd of people and only seen black faces. As she looked for Ron a drink was brought to her lips and her head was pushed back. They poured the drink down her mouth and she swallowed most of it. Then the woman who looked like Halle Berry was back. 

She told Daisy, "I believe you owe me a favor." 

The woman was lifted onto the table where she straddled Daisy's head. The woman lowered her pussy to Daisy's mouth and Daisy began to lick as the crowd cheered her on. Daisy loved the taste of the woman as she sucked and licked her just like she liked it. There were mouths working all over Daisy's body as the woman grinded her pussy into Daisy's mouth. Daisy couldn't even tell how many mouths were kissing, sucking and biting her. It felt as she was getting hickies from her toes to her tits and someone was eating her pussy. The woman grabbed Daisy's hair and pulled her mouth hard into her pussy as she came. The woman laid on Daisy's face for a few seconds catching her breath then climbed down.

Daisy looked up and seen her body covered with black faces and heads as they devoured her body. She could see one man sucking her clit as another man knelt in between her legs and licked her pussy and asshole. Then she felt a hand turn her head. In front of her face was a dark black dick, hard and begging to be sucked. Just as Daisy opened her mouth to suck this black cock she heard Ron's voice. Ron had been passed out in the front of the bar, evidently someone slipped something into his drink, but he finally woke up and found Daisy. 

He yelled over the crowd, "let her go, you're going to hurt her!" 

Then another man said, "hey, we aren't rapists, I think she likes this." Then the man said, "Let her decide." 

Daisy looked into Ron's eyes and said, "I'm sorry hon, but I want these guys to fuck me!" 

Then she turned her head back to the hard cock and began sucking it. 

Ron thought, "OMG she is a slut when she's drunk, I better get her out of here." 

Ron reached the table and grabbed Daisy's hand and said, "Come on baby, let's get out of here!" But, Daisy just kept sucking the cock that she hoped would shoot a load into her mouth. Ron, pulled her hand trying to bring her to her senses, but soon several big men grabbed him and wrestled him into a chair and tied him up. 

Ron watched as the man shot his load into her mouth and she gulped the cum down. As soon as the man pulled out of her mouth another man was there offering her his cock, which she swallowed without hesitating. Then she felt a cock entering her pussy.

Ron watched as the man fucked Daisy. Her boobs bounced with every thrust from the black man. Her head bobbed on the cock in her mouth. Now there were several men jacking off over her tits and stomach. Ron seen that Daisy had a cock in each hand also, jacking them off as best she could with her attention in so many places. Ron realized how hot it was watching her take care of four cocks at the same time. 

The man fucking her was yelling, "fuck me cracker!" "Let me pump some black cum into your hot little white girl pussy!" 

One of the men jacking off began to shoot his load all over Daisy's tits, this began a chain effect. The man fucking her shot his load into her pussy, then another man came, then another. There was cum flying all over Daisy's body, inside and out. 

Daisy was then turned over onto her belly. As soon as her belly hit the table a cock was rammed up her cunt. Then her head was lifted up and a cock was rammed down her throat. The man fucking her would pull his dick all the way out then slap her ass hard. 

He said, "a little white girl like you shouldn't be letting a bunch of black men fuck her, you're a bad lil white girl." 

Then he slapped her ass again. He would drive his cock in as hard as he could, lifting her hips off the table with each thrust. It seemed as if each thrust was harder than the last. Everyone could hear the slap of his hand on her ass then the slap of his balls on her clit. Men were still jacking off on her body; one man grabbed a handful of her long hair and used it like a rag jacking off into it. Her ass was red as the man banged and slapped her. 

The man in her mouth pulled his cock out and shot his load all over her face. 

The man in her pussy yelled out, "here's the black cum you've been wanting you little fucking slut!" as he pumped his cum into her pussy. 

As Daisy was catching her breath she felt her body being lifted from the table. Two men lifting her under her arms raised her. Another black man stood in front of her and lifted her chin and kissed her hard. Daisy kissed him back. 

Then he said, "like I said before, we aren't into rape, so when you've had enough just tell us." Daisy just looked at him blankly. 

The man said, "Do you want more?" Again, Daisy just looked at him. 

Smack! The man slapped her face! Then he asked her again, "Do you want more?" 

Again, no answer from her. Smack! He slapped her face again! 

Then she yelled out, "yes, I want more!" 

The man dropped his pants and Daisy looked at the biggest dick she had ever seen. It had to be close to ten inches long, and it was thicker than her wrist. The two men holding her slammed her against the wall. Daisy's head hit the wall hard and for a few moments everything was blurry. Then the man walked up to her and jammed three fingers roughly up her cunt. Daisy gasped, when he tried to work another finger in. 

The man turned away in anger after he failed to get the fourth finger in and yelled, "this slut isn't ready for me, get her ready!"

As the men held her cum covered body against the wall another man approached her and dropped his pants. His cock was large, but not as large as the other man. The other men lifted Daisy's body about six inches off of the ground as the other man worked his fat cock into the entrance of her pussy. The man slowly worked his cock into her well-lubricated pussy, inch by inch. The pain was mounting inside her pussy and she began to whimper. When the man had about half of his cock in he shoved it all the way in in one hard violent thrust. This caused Daisy to yelp loud. When he was buried to his balls she began to feel better. 

Sensing she was ready the man started driving his cock in and out of her pussy like a jack hammer almost knocking Daisy and the men holding her over. 

Ron watched proudly as Daisy was taking that huge black cock. She looked so hot as the man rammed his big black cock in and out of her young pussy. Cum dripping down her legs and hickeys, bite marks and slap marks everywhere. As the man fucked her Daisy leaned forward and started kissing the mans neck and whimpering. It was hard to tell when she was cumming because it looked like she was just having one long orgasm. The man fucking her raised his face to her and bit her lip as he filled her pussy with more cum.

She was laid back down on the table as a man walked up to her with what looked like a baseball bat. It was only about a foot long, and it was tapered from about two inches around to six inches around. The two men were still holding her arms as two more men came and held her legs as wide open as they could get them. The man with the baseball bat looking dildo placed it in the entrance of her pussy and started to work it in. He scooped cum off of her abdomen and rubbed it onto the dildo as he worked it in further and further. 

At first Daisy was trying to pull away from it in fear and pain, but as he got it in half way she began to buck her pussy up to meet it. Soon the man had the dildo most of the way in and he began to fuck her with it. With each hard thrust the dildo went deeper and deeper stretching her well-fucked pussy beyond what she ever thought it could go. 

Then the man pulled the dildo out of her pussy and yelled, "this little white bitch is ready!"

The man with the huge dick walked between her legs with his huge dick in his hands. He rubbed it over her legs and pussy, rubbing her clit with it. 

Then he asked her, "do you want this big black cock in your little tight white pussy?" 

Daisy couldn't answer because she was breathing too hard so the man slapped her face again! 

"Tell me you want it bitch!" 

She said, "no, I can't it's too big!" 

The man told the other men to sit her up, and they did. He then slapped her face with his cock hard! Then he turned and walked away. 

After he was about five steps away Daisy yelled out, "yes, fuck me please!"

The man turned around as Daisy was lowered back onto the table and stood between her legs. 

The crowd started chanting, "fuck the slut, fuck the slut, fuck the slut!" 

He placed the mammoth cock at the base of her pussy and rammed it all the way in in one hard thrust. Daisy cried out in pain as the man left his cock buried all the way in her. 

Then he picked her head up by her ears and asked her, "do you want me to stop?" 

Daisy answered, "no, fuck me hard you black bastard!" 

And he did. He fucked her hard and fast. Daisy moaned and groaned louder than she ever had as the huge black cock would appear and disappear from the depths of her pussy. She could feel the cock pushing her insides up, it felt like it was going into her stomach. 

He pounded her for a long time. After awhile it looked like Daisy was unconscious but the man kept fucking her anyway. After he came in her pussy he pulled out and walked away. 

Ron watched as ten or twelve other men fucked Daisy over and over. She would come in and out of consciousness but every time she was asked if she had enough she would say no. They finally gave up and left her body lying on the table like a rag doll. Then they untied Ron and told him he better take care of his bitch. 

Ron lifted Daisy up and asked her if she was ok. She said, "hell yeah, that was fun." "Did I tease and flirt enough for you babe?" Ron just laughed and told her he loved her and kissed her. Then he carried her out to the car and drove her home where he fucked her stretched out, cum filled pussy over and over.