 Tom couldn't believe what he was seeing. Both girls were on the bed. His daughter's tits were hanging out, one nipple thrusting out proudly, the other in her friend's mouth. Shawna was bent over at the waist, her legs folded underneath her, giving him a good look at her ass. Even VR porn wasn't this good.

"Girls?" he said softly.

Shawna sat up immediately, her lips wet. Saliva dripped from daisy's red nipple, which she tried to wipe away with her shirt. "Oh god, Mr. Erickson, I'm so sorry."

Daisy was frozen, still holding her shirt up like she had the first time she had exposed herself to her father in the doorway of her bedroom.

Tom took a step towards the girls. "What's going on here?"

Shawna turned to face him, her cheeks bright red. "I'm so sorry. It was my fault. Daisy told me about something that happened with a guy, and it didn't go well, and I was just showing her what he should have done instead. I know that's weird, and I'm really sorry. We were just having fun. But I, um...I can definitely go."

Tom put up his hand to stop her. "No, you should stay. You girls have obviously been drinking, and you shouldn't drive anywhere. I'm not mad, and I won't call your parents, Shawna." She expelled a long breath and relaxed visibly. "But it's clear you two need some adult supervision."

Shawna looked at Daisy, still naked to the waist. "Daise, pull you shirt down," she murmured.

"No, Daisy, it's okay," Tom said, sitting down on the cot beside Shawna. "If you girls want to play with each other, that's okay. You're both adults. Shawna, did you like what you were doing before?"

Shawna looked at him, alarmed, as if expecting a trap. "I don't...know."

"Are you sure you don't know? You looked like you were enjoying it."

Shawna looked back at Daisy, who nodded slightly at her. "Um...well, it was kind of nice, I guess."

"Good." Tom turned to his daughter. "Daisy, did you enjoy what Shawna was doing?"

She looked up at him. She seemed a bit shell-shocked. "I...I think so."

"Well, that doesn't sound too bad, but you don't seem real certain. Maybe Shawna should do it again so you can decide whether or not it's something you like."

Shawna looked at him. "Would you like it, Mr. Erickson?"

"It's Tom," he said, smiling at her reassuringly, "and if my daughter likes it, I'm okay with it."

She looked down at his lap and saw the slight protrusion even in the stiff denim. "Okay," she said, "I'll try it again, and then Daisy can decide if she likes it."

She bent forward and wrapped her lips around the fat nipple. Daisy's eyes fluttered closed and she moaned softly. "I think I do like it," she whispered.

"Do you think you'd like it if Shawna touched you with her hands?" Tom asked.

Daisy nodded without opening her eyes. Tom touched Shawna's shoulder gently. "Shawna, would you like to touch her with your hands, too?"

Shawna nodded with the nipple still in her mouth. She brought her hands up, one of them to the tit she was nursing, the other to the free nipple. Tom watched her long, elegant fingers stroke and tease and pluck the fat nub, intermittantly grabbing a handful of titflesh and squeezing.

"Shawna," Tom said softly, "is there anything you would like Daisy to do to you? Or," and here he leaned close to her ear, "is there anything you would like me to do to you?"

She turned to look at him, the nipple popping out of her mouth once again. Her eyes were wide. "Take off my shorts," she said softly.

Tom needed no further instruction. He pulled the cotton down over her ass, revealing a pair of lacy bikini-style panties. Shawna accommodated him, getting up on her knees so he could slide the shorts down her thighs. Her ass was magnificent, round and full, the perfect combination of muscle and fat. It was nicer even than Daisy's, which Tom hadn't thought possible. He traced the line of her panties over her cheeks and down to the bulge between her thighs. Suddenly shawna reached back with one hand and slid the lace down over her ass. Tom helped her eagerly, exposing a fat cameltoe so unlike his daughter's pussy. He gave it only a cursory glance, as he found himself much more interested in the beautiful ass above it.

While Shawna nursed on his daughter's tit, Tom got between her legs and put his face in her ass. His nose buried itself between her firm cheeks and he inhaled. She smelled like lavender with only a hint of earthiness, which he found incredibly sexy. He reached up and spread her cheeks with his hands and there was her asshole. It was so tiny and perfect, he couldn't stop himself. His tongue found the center of her anus and wriggled its way inside, tickling the tight ring. 

Shawna moaned, and that's when Daisy opened her eyes.

--

"Dad!" She couldn't help herself. She hadn't expected to see him like that.

Shawna pulled herself off Daisy's tit. "Daisy, it's okay. He just wants me to feel good too. And it does feel good. Is that okay?"

Daisy looked down at her, stunned, and then slowly, she nodded. "Yeah, I guess that's okay."

Shawna smiled. "It feels really good. You should try it. Do you want me to do it to you?"

Daisy shook her head.

"No, come on," Shawna insisted. "Lie down on your stomach and pull your shorts down. It's easy. I'll just do a little bit so you can feel what it's like."

Daisy obeyed. On her belly, she shimmied her shorts and panties down so her own round ass was exposed. Her legs were together, but Shawna still managed to pull her cheeks apart enough to expose her asshole. She licked it eagerly, moaning now. Daisy moaned too as she felt her friend's tongue start to work its way into her bottom. This is what she had wanted earlier that she had never been able to ask for, and now Shawna was doing it because she wanted to. "Put your finger inside," Daisy sighed.

"Really?"

"Yeah," Daisy insisted, looking over her shoulder. "Finger my asshole."

Shawna looked surprised, but she slid a finger in between her lips and then placed the slick digit against Daisy's anus. Daisy felt the tip slide inside, slowly, opening her. She moaned. 

Behind her, she heard Shawna yelp. "Oh, Mr. Erickson, oh shit, what are you doing?" 

Then her father said, "I'm just doing what you're doing to Daisy. Have you ever had a finger in your bottom, Shawna?"

Shawna giggled, then moaned. "Maybe."

"You're taking it really well," her father said. "It's almost all the way in. Your ass is so beautiful, Shawna."

Shawna was gasping. "Th-thank you." Daisy thought she sounded flattered. The finger in her own ass suddenly rammed in deep, and she cried out. 

"I'm going to slide it in and out now," her father said. "Your anus looks so sexy wrapped around my finger. Does it feel good, Shawna?"

Her friend only moaned.

"I'm going to fuck you a little faster, okay?" Her father sounded like he did when he was doing something dirty with Daisy. She felt a twinge of jealousy, then felt guilty for it. Her friend deserved pleasure, too.

Suddenly Shawna grunted. "Ungh, are you--oh god, that's my pussy."

Daisy craned her neck over her shoulder, but all she could see over the curve of her friend's naked ass was her father doing something with both hands. He was gazing at Shawna'a backside with fascination. 

Then Shawna said, quietly, "Fuck, Daisy, he's fingering my ass and my pussy. God, it feels good. Can I do that to you?"

Daisy was afraid to expose her pussy, hidden between her thighs, to her best friend. She shook her head.

But Shawna wouldn't be stopped. "Get on your knees. Come on. If your dad is going to do it to me, I'm going to do it to you."

"Go on, Daisy," she heard her father say. He was turned on, she could hear it in his voice.

Reluctantly, Daisy got to her knees, and she heard Shawna gasp. "Jesus, Daisy, your pussy..."

"Just fuck it already!" Daisy snapped. Her friend's finger was still deep in her ass, and now she felt fingertips searching around her swollen lips.

"Honey, I can't...I can't find it."

--

Tom was watching. His fingers were buried in this girl's cameltoe, which he wasn't particularly interested in, but when he saw his daughter's swollen cunt, he nearly came in his trousers. "Get on your knees next to her," he instructed. 

Shawna looked over her shoulder at him, surprised. "Go on, get up there next to her," he repeated, pulling his fingers out of her pussy. They were wet, but not like they were when he fingered his daughter. Shawna crawled forward, and he followed her, his finger still in her ass. When they were side by side, he found his daughter's pussy and coaxed two fingers inside. Daisy moaned.

"Daisy," Shawna said, sounding confused, "is your dad fingering you right now?"

Daisy moaned again. Tom knew she was stalling.

"Daisy, seriously," Shawna repeated. She looked over her shoulder at Tom. She sounded angry now. "Are you fingering your own daughter?"

Tom drove his fingers in and out of both holes, hard and fast. "I'm fingering my daughter's pussy and her girlfriend's ass. If you have a problem with that, you're free to leave. I have a feeling your parents won't be too pleased to hear what you get up to with my daughter when you're alone, though."

Shawna frowned, then said quickly, "No, I didn't mean it like that. I just meant...Daisy, are you okay with this?"

Daisy turned to her friend and kissed her on the lips. It was one of the sexiest things Tom had ever seen, two beautiful girls kissing each other with genuine lust. When they finally broke off, Daisy said huskily, "Yes, I'm okay with it. It feels fucking awesome."

Shawna looked back at Tom and saw his face between her friend's ass cheeks. "Jesus, he's eating your ass, isn't he?" Then she seemed to remember what they had just discussed, and her voice softened. "I know how good that feels. Do you like it?"

Daisy nodded. "Yeah, it feels really good. I think I'm going to cum."

"Can I watch?" Shawna looked back at Tom. "Can I watch her cum, Mr. Erickson?"

"It's Tom," he growled, "and yeah, come watch your girlfriend squirt."

He pulled his finger out of her ass, making Shawna squeal. She joined him a moment later, and they both watched his fingers thrust in and out of Daisy's bulging purple cunt. "Jesus, it's so big."

Tom grinned. "I think it looks good. Nice and juicy. Don't you?"

Shawna thought for a moment. "It's sexier than mine. I kind of like lips like that. That stick out, you know? But it's so swollen."

"I can show you how we do it," Tom said, but when Shawna asked him what he meant, he only said, "You'll see. Okay, here she comes."

He fingered Daisy's sloppy, squelching cunt faster and faster, until she began to scream. Droplets flew from her lips, then it was more like a flood squirting out of her tortured hole. Both Tom and Shawna were showered with pussy juice. When the flood slowed and Daisy stopped screaming, Tom withdrew his fingers. Shawna grabbed his hand and sucked his fingers into her mouth, her eyes never leaving his. "Fuck, Mr. Erickson, that was the hottest thing I've ever seen. Can you make me do that?"

---

Tom grabbed her arm and shoved her onto her back. "It's Tom," he growled again as he pulled her tank top down, exposing her bra. He flicked open the front clasp and her tits spilled out--not enormous like Daisy's, but firm and perky and large enough for a girl her size. He dropped his head and sucked one of her hard little nipples into his mouth.

"Fuuuuuck," Shawna moaned. "Daisy, your dad is sucking on my tits. This is so hot."

Daisy came over to watch. She seemed in a trance, but at last she brought her head down and began to nurse on Shawna's other nipple. Shawna lost it and began to shake and moan. "Somebody fuck me," she begged. "Oh god, it's too much, somebody fill my pussy up."

Daisy heard a zipper, and she raised her eyes to see her father taking off his pants. His cock was hard, and it sprang out of his boxers when he pulled them down. He knelt down next to Shawna's head. "Get it wet," he instructed her.

Eagerly, she opened her mouth and Daisy watched her friend take half of her father's dick between her lips. When he withdrew it, the shaft glistened.

Daisy watched him walk to the end of the bed and push Shawna's legs up, exposing her pussy. She watched him angle his cock downwards, and then abruptly Shawna moaned. "Oh god yes. Oh fill me up, Mr. Er--Tom."

"No," Daisy said suddenly. "Call him Dad. He prefers that."

Shawna was beyond caring. "Fuck me, daddy," she moaned enthusiastically, and Tom thrust hard into her. She wasn't extremely tight like Daisy, but she was young and hot and wet, and she wanted him. Her tits bounced as he pounded into her, and he liked to watch them jiggle. They were cute and kind of sexy. Daisy must have thought so too, because she grabbed them in her hands and kneaded them roughly. 

"I'm going to cum, Shawna," Tom grunted, watching his daughter fondle her moaning girlfriend. "I'll last longer next time, but your pussy is so nice. Where do you want it?"

"Inside me," she moaned. "I'm on the pill, so it's okay. Just fill my pussy up."

"You got it, little girl," Tom groaned, and he came deep inside her. She squealed and tightened her cunt around his cock rhymthically; clearly, she'd done this before.

When Tom pulled his cock out of her little pussy, a little river of semen spilled out of her as well, running down the crack of her ass. "Daisy," Tom instructed, "get down there and clean that up."

His daughter looked up at him, wide-eyed, but at the look on his face, she quickly climbed between Shawna's thighs. He watched her take Shawna's wet flesh into her mouth and suck. Her tongue darted out between her lips and into Shawna's, scooping up droplets of cum and pussy juice. She tickled Shawna's clit with the tip of her tongue, making the prostrate girl moan. Then she delved down the cleft of her cunt and in between her cheeks to lap up the trail of cum. 

"Good girl," Tom praised her, stroking her swollen cunt affectionately. Her clit was hard, and he rubbed it, eager to pleasure her, especially in front of her friend. Shawna sat up and took another gulp of wine, then crawled down the bed to watch what he was doing. 

"You said you would show me how you do that," she said softly, her eyes wide. 

Tom looked down at her for a moment. "Stand up and go to the curtain on the other side of the shed. Pull it back."

Shawna obeyed. "What the fuck..." She looked scared enough to bolt.

"I'll show you on Daisy first," Tom reassured her. "You're used to it, aren't you, Daisy?"

Without being ordered, his daughter stood up and crossed the room to where the two contraptions stood. She knelt down on the bench, using her hands to position her huge jugs on either side of the narrow beam. Her pussy thrust out behind her, already swollen and glistening with juice. "Daisy, tell Shawna what we do."

As Tom fitted the largest cup over her twat, Daisy explained the process cheerfully. "Dad puts the cup over my pussy, and then he uses the hand pump to get a good vacuum seal. Then if he plans to leave me alone for awhile, he hooks me up to a timer that periodically lets off the pressure so that it doesn't damage me." 

"But...but, why?" Shawna looked almost distressed. "Why do you do it?"

She watched as Daisy's pussy expanded into the cup, nearly filling it despite its larger capacity. "He wants me to look this way."

Shawna shook her head in disbelief. "But...but..."

"I caught Daisy dressing like a slut," Tom said suddenly, "so I'm teaching her a lesson. She won't be able to flaunt her body when she looks like this, because no one will want her. No one will want a big, fat pussy like this."

Shawna got down on her knees to examine the pump. Tom had not connected the hose to a timer, instead disconnecting it entirely so that the cup clung unemcumbered to Daisy's cunt. Shawna touched it hesitantly, then gripped it more firmly and jiggled it. Daisy groaned. "Ohh, I can feel that in my clit. It feels so good. I want to take the pump off and touch myself but Dad won't let me, will you, Dad?"

Tom was watching Shawna. "No, I won't. You've got to learn your lesson, and part of that lesson is to stop touching yourself all the time like the little whore you are. But your pussy isn't the only thing that needs correcting, is it?"

Daisy let out a moan. "Oh, let Shawna do it, Dad. Let Shawna put the cylinders on my nipples."

Shawna looked shocked. "On your..."

"Yeah. Dad doesn't like how much I flaunt my tits, especially when I don't wear a bra, so he's making my nipples bigger so that I won't."

"Oh, god," Shawna exclaimed, "so that's why your nipples are so much bigger now. I thought they looked bigger even before you pulled your shirt up." Tom had put the cylinders in her hands, and she held them up. "These are huge."

"Put them on," he instructed, his hand on her perfectly round ass. She squatted down obediently and slid the cyclinder over Daisy's left nipple. Tom crouched down slightly behind her, watching her ass cheeks spread to reveal her little asshole. "Now use the hand pump."

Shawna gave a little giggle of surprise as Daisy's nipple expanded instantly into the cylinder. "How much should I do it?"

Daisy was panting heavily. "More," she breathed. "Quick. Do the other one, too."

Shawna obeyed, and when both nipples were pumped as much as Daisy could stand it, Tom isntructed her to disconnect the hoses, leaving the cylinders dangling from Daisy's tits. "Good girl," he said. "now just to make sure she stays put, why don't you strap Daisy's arms and thighs down to the bench? There you go."

Daisy was unable to move. She could only watch as Tom lay down on the cot and pulled Shawna down onto his face. "What is he doing to you?" Daisy asked, fighting back jealousy.

"He's...oh god, he's eating my ass again," Shawna moaned. "I think he really likes it. Don't be jealous, Daisy. You're so much prettier than I am, with your big tits and your tiny little body."

"But you have such a nice ass," Daisy moaned. "My dad obviously loves it."

Shawna moaned back wordlessly. At last she was able to say, "I'm sure he loves your ass too. You've got such a nice butt. Oh god, oh, he's got his tongue inside..."

Daisy watched Shawna's fingers stray to her pussy, where they began to tickle her clit and rub between her lips. She felt jealous of that, too, wishing she was either touching Shawna, or being touched. She suddenly felt very left out.

When Tom had his momentary fill of the young girl's asshole, he lifted her off and sat up, pulling her down onto his lap. His cock was hard, and Shawna eyed it with interest. "What are you going to do with that, Daddy?"

"Put your hand on it," he growled, and she obeyed, sliding her little fist up and down his shaft. Tom toyed with her titties for a moment, but found he had very little interest in her apart from her fantastic ass. "Get up. Climb onto the other contraption. The one that looks like a chair. Good girl."

The chair was positioned so that Shawna was facing Daisy's backside. She giggled nervously as Tom approached her and began strapping her down. "Is there a safeword or something?"

Tom chuckled. "Do we have a safeword, Daisy?" She only shook her head. 

Once Shawna was strapped down with her knees up to her chest, Tom produced the toy that had started this whole affair--the four-foot double-ended jelly dong. He pushed one end against Shawna's mouth and ordered her to suck it. She did, nervously. "Get it nice and wet," Tom told her, and when he pulled it out, it was dripping with saliva. "Good girl."

He brought the wet cock head down to Daisy's exposed anus and rubbed it against the puckered hole. Daisy grunted, then moaned as he began to push the dong inside. Shawna watched her friend's innocent little hole open wide for the fake cock, and eventually begin to swallow inch after inch. Daisy was gasping and grunting like an animal. She must have had a good foot of dildo inside her ass when Tom stopped and stepped aside, letting Shawna see the meat hanging from her friend's asshole. Shawna couldn't speak.
