 Last week I had the most amazing experience. It was totally unexpected but totally brilliant and all I can say is that I can still hardly believe it.

Basically it involved me, my mate Marco and a girl called Lucy who we'd known at college. Lovely Lucy. Oh, yeah ... and her boyfriend.

So what happened was ... last week, which was about a year after having left college, Marco and I met Lucy again purely by chance. 

We were in a bar, having a drink when I felt a gentle tap on my arm. I turned and saw Lucy smiling down at me.

'Hey, I thought it was you' she said beaming a warm smile, first at me then Marco.

Lucy's a great girl. Like I said I first met her at college. We were on the same course but not exactly what you'd call friends. She hung around with the hooray set, the ones with nice cars and apartments paid for by mummy and daddy. Me ... I'm just an ordinary run-of-the-mill bozo - same as Marco, and just sort of hung around with my own kind. Shared digs, that kind of scene; beer cans everywhere, dirty plates piled up in the sink. You know what I mean. 

So even though we'd said hello a couple of times at college, Lucy and our paths rarely crossed. 

Lucy had a boyfriend back then and he was one of those rugby playing 'guy's guys', over-confident, a cocks-man with a brain the size of a peanut. She was a bit of a brainbox. I could never understand what she was doing with him. Well, apart from the size of him and the fact he was loaded.

So although I'd always thought Lucy was gorgeous all I could do was admire her from afar during those college days; a rich, posh, book-ish, blue-eyed, golden-haired blond. Way out of my league basically. 

So to say I was surprised when she said hello in the bar would be an understatement. But once my initial surprise passed I did the gentlemanly thing and offered her a seat. Soon we were chatting away like the old friends that we never really were, catching up on how our lives were panning out since graduation. 

I remembered her to my mate Marco, and we got another round of drinks. Lucy looked great, dressed in a flowing black dress - the kind with a split up one side so her you could catch glimpses of her thigh when she moved. I tried not to make it too obvious that I'd noticed but it was hard not to look. She had great legs. With her hair piled high, pulled up into a 'bun' and the hoop earings she was wearing, she looked, I dunno, sort of even more sophisticated. Sophisticated and stunning. 

Then she got distracted by her phone. I asked her about the guy she used to date. 

Yes, she was still seeing him. Damn it. Ha, as if I'd ever have a chance anyway.

My heart sank, especially when he arrived not much later. Peanut-brain hadn't changed at all. He was still a chiselled sod and still loaded. And still irritating, yapping away with all that 'ya, ya, ya' bollocks. I almost wished she hadn't said hello. 

But as it turned out things couldn't have worked out better.

After a while, about nine o'clock, hanging out in the bar started to be a drag. Hanging out with Lucy was just frustrating. And I was getting bored listening to peanut-brain talking mindless crap about everything and nothing and started making my excuses to leave. But before I could, Toby (peanut-brain's real name), asked if we'd all like to go back to his place for a while. 

Well, Marco was up for it but I wasn't really. I was starting to feel like a bit of a loser every time Peanut-brain yapped on about his perfect life, and was just saying how I had to be up early in the morning when Lucy lolled her head to one side, totally cute, and looked at me with those big eyes of hers. My heart literally skipped a beat. I couldn't say no. 

And I'm really glad I didn't.

A half hour later we were in Toby's apartment, a nice place to be fair, with real wooden flooring and expensive looking furniture. Then 'the fun' started. 

'The fun' was so amazing that you probably won't believe a word of what happened next. But it's all totally true ...

Me and Marco were sat on a large brown leather sofa, having a chat and a laugh, sipping at a smooth posh wine. The sofa was real leather and the most comfortable I've ever sat on. How the other half lives. No wonder he could pull a girl like Lucy. 

The two love-birds were sat, squeezed together into the large matching chair slightly across from us, giggling naughtily about something they'd been whispering to each other for about the last ten minutes. 

Suddenly Lucy said she needed to use the bathroom. She got up and sort of swayed past Marco and I, looking both of us full in the eye as she went - a totally horny look that totally changed the whole atmosphere. No smile. From naughty giggler to sexy slut in a single moment. 

Me and Marco dropped silent and stayed that way. A minute later she came back ... she must be making fun of us I'd thought until to Marco's and my surprise she flopped down on the sofa between us. 

I had to shift slightly as my cock had already stirred at her closeness and she must have noticed because that's when she looked up at me with her head lolled to one side again. This time though she didn't look so cute as she had done in the bar - just incredibly hot. 

"Making you nervous is she?" Toby laughed, still sitting in the chair across the room.

To be honest she was. But I wasn't going to tell peanut-brain that.

"It isn't nervousness that I'm feeling right now" I said totally without a hint of a smile - or (cleverly, I thought) a hint of nerves. 

"Me neither" I heard Marco almost mumble from the other side of her. 

Suddenly the game playing was over.

"Why don't you kiss her then? She wants you to, you know ..." Said Toby staring at us.

I could hardly believe what Toby was saying but didn't need a second opportunity. I'd fancied her for too long. 

She looked incredible, with a glint in her eyes and full, slightly parted wet lips. I leaned in to kiss her.

Our lips met and she let my tongue into her mouth without hesitation. Her lips were gorgeous. Unable to resist, I'd sucked and nibbled on the lower one for a few moments, which seemed to really get her going, and soon our tongues were swirling in a sloppy sexual dance, in her mouth, in mine. It was so awesome to be getting off with the girl I'd dreamed about so many times that even now I still can't stop thinking about it.

Anyway, then everything quickly escalated. I reached up and squeezed her breasts. They were awesome, even through the fabric of her thin black dress. That dress was so thin I could feel her nipples getting hard under it.

The fullness of her tits and the hardness of her thick nipples made my cock fully stiffen in my pants. Then out the corner of my eye I noticed Marco's hand rubbing her bare thigh. 

Lucy's dress had ridden up to the tops of her legs, which were slightly parted. With Marco's hand becoming more insistant she broke off our kiss and turned to him. Then they kissed too, their mouths mashed together in a lust-fuelled snog.

It was almost too much for me to see those wonderful, tanned and toned legs falling slightly akimbo. They were so perfect, for a moment I thought I might cum in my pants. But one quick glance over at Toby and the feeling soon dissippated. He had slipped off his trousers and was sitting, watching us, stroking his hardening erection to full mast.

I'd never seen another bloke's erection before, at least not in real life, and it was a really odd feeling. I sort of laughed. Not at his cock - that was quite impressively big - but because I still couldn't believe what was happening. I really thought that at any moment Lucy or Toby would call a halt, say that was far enough, say thanks for the laugh. I mean, posh rugger-boy Toby letting two bozos like me and Marco mess around with his posh girlfriend ... c'mon.

But nothing was said so we just carried on getting off with Lucy. 

With my heart racing and still fondling her breasts, I kissed along the nape of her neck while she snogged Marco. Then I ran my tongue across and behind her earlobe. A shiver of enjoyment shot through her. What a sexy girl and what an unbelievable night it was turning out to be. 

My cock was throbbing, raging against the confines of my pants. But I was more focused on what was causing that throbbing than relieving it. Instinctively I felt for the straps that ran from the front of Lucy's dress up and behind her neck and loosened them. 

There was no objection from her. In fact I think she actually shifted slightly to make it easier for me. 

A sudden dose of testosterone flooded my already flooded senses. Now I wasn't nervous or overawed anymore. If she wanted this then she was going to get it. Big time. 

I crushed and mauled her breasts in my hand one more time before clutching the top of her dress in my fist and without warning roughly yanked it down over her tits, totally exposing them.

Lucy obviously liked that. A lot. As soon as her tits swung free she broke off her embrace with Marco and exhaled a loud mixture of excitement and surprise, then raised her arms over her head, so allowing us free access to whatever we wanted. 

What we wanted was exactly what was on offer.

I dipped my head and immediately took a beautiful dark nipple between my lips while Marco did the same with the other. 

Surely this was the moment more than any other that Toby would interject, become jealous and turf us out. Surely this was the moment Lucy would realize she couldn't go through with it.

But I guess she liked that too, having two guys suckling her at the same time. Nobody interjected, nobody wanted to stop. Instead her back arched, forcing her chest outward and upward, squishing those great orbs against our greedy mouths. Then her pelvis rolled forward a tad and her legs opened wider. 

A lot wider. 

I glanced down at her legs. The dark hemline of her dress had ridden up even further, showing off the black cotton of her small knickers stretched tight over a wonderfully prominent pubic mound. Who-ever said dreams can't come true? 

Soon Marco and I's hands were parting her thighs even more, and tentative fingers roved along her cotton-covered slit, rubbing over the hood of where her clit would be, feeling the gusset of her panties growing hotter and damper.

Lucy moaned softly as we continued to feast on her gorgeous tits. Her hands gripped the back of each of our heads, clamping our mouths hard onto her chest. I slobbered my tongue around her dark aureole, as big now as a small saucer, and sucked hard, lifting her whole breast up while feeding as much of her flesh into my mouth as possible. 

I spied Marco enjoying himself in the same way.

I wanted it all, wanted to consume as much of her as I possibly could. To me, right then, she was everything a woman should be, everything that a woman could be.

But it wasn't just about my hunger though. Nor Marco's.

Lucy's moaning was way more guttural now as she surrendered to the pleasure beginning to rake through her body.

Marco was rubbing with greater determination against the cotton of her underwear, a finger moving expertly around the nub of her clitoris in a circular motion, easing on and off the pressure in a measured rhythm. My own hand was also still between her legs, two middle fingers lightly gliding up and down from the top of her slit to the bottom of it and back again, enticing slippy pussy juice to soak through the cotton of her panties as her groin welcomed our hands with growing thrusts.

And then I felt Marco stuff his hand inside her knickers. She moaned in pure lusty pleasure. Her legs immediately splayed, and she groaned as I too slid my fingers between the fabric of her panties and her soft skin. 

Before long I had two digits sluicing in and out of her sloppy pussy, parting her silky labia as Marco was easing her bud out from its hood, rolling around it with one finger and easing another into her sleek hole next to mine. Her legs were now spread so wide that each draped over both of my and Marco's knees as she pushed hard back onto our probing fingers. 

All of a sudden we exploded into a frenzy of finger-fucking that brought her almost to the edge.

And then something happened that surprised me. 

No, it wasn't that Toby now came over and stood between her legs, naked and with his big cock in his hand demanding she suck it. It was simply because as she leaned forward to take it in her mouth, she reached out to hold my hand.

Posh Lucy holding my hand. Such a simple gesture.

'Ya ... babe. Suck it how I like it' muttered Toby, buttocks clenched, hips thrust forward, cock pointing like a weapon toward Lucy's angelic face.

With Toby's position and now hers leaning forward, Marco and I had to shift out the way and become mere spectators. I looked at Lucy. She really was a beautiful girl; strands of tousled golden hair sexy and wet where they'd got stuck to beads of sweat at the temples of her forehead. Her full lips so kissable even now, stretched and sliding up and down the shaft of Toby's thick dick that glistened with the traces of saliva her tongue was trailing him with. 

My heart was beating so fast. Posh Lucy with her tits out. Posh Lucy sucking off peanut-brain in front of me. Posh Lucy holding my hand. 

Don't get me wrong, I'm not inexperienced. But I'd only ever had one-on-one sex before. This was all so new to me it was totally amazing.

I looked at Lucy again. When you looked harder like that, hints of freckles showed up all over her entire face. She was really pretty. Her eyes were a lovely aqua blue and I looked into them as she squeezed my hand tighter, holding my gaze.

Then I guess she forgot about me for a while because suddenly she went at it like there was no tomorrow; pumping Toby's cock with one fist, massaging his heavy balls with her now free other hand and sucking him with rabid sloppy hunger. 

She was good - very, very good judging by the grunts and groans coming from Toby.

So maybe this was it. This was the culmination. This was how it would end. Toby would cum in her mouth and me and Marco would be out the door. 

It would all be so unfair. 

But then Toby suddenly took a step back. 

Pulling his weapon out of her mouth he told her he didn't want to cum just yet. A string of saliva drooped from the end of his bulbous head and for a moment clung to Lucy's bottom lip before it snapped and drooled down to her chin. She had a surprised, disappointed and slightly concerned look on her face. Maybe Toby pulling out hadn't been in the script.

But she didn't look disappointed or concerned for long. 

Whatever the script had said before was being re-written. I wasn't going to let this opportunity go but even with the throb in my pants now controlling my brain I surprised even myself by immediately falling to my knees between her legs, forcing peanut-brain to take a further step back ... 

"Oh ... gosh ... YEAH!" Lucy gasped out-loud as I yanked her knickers all the way up to her feet as she raised her legs, before impatiently burying my face in her shaven snatch, excited by the smooth hairless folds that yielded so quickly to my thick tongue.

'Ya ... lick her pussy' Toby directed me from somewhere 'off-stage'. 'Got there first' I thought sarcastically, needing absolutely no directing anymore. Not from anyone. 

As far as I was concerned he could tear up the script for good.

While Lucy tried to kick her panties away I lapped salaciously at her honey pot. I reached under and round her legs to her hips, pulled her butt off the sofa and her pussy hard onto my mouth. She grabbed a fistful of my hair in return and humped my face. With her legs now loosely draped over my shoulders, and her knickers dangling from where they'd caught around her left ankle I ground the flat of my tongue onto her exposed clit, then tickled her slimy slit with it until sticking it fully into her sopping wet hole. 

Lucy's head started rolling from side to side, her eyes showing only white as her eyeballs disappeared somewhere behind her eyelids.

'Ohh gosh ... honey ... eat me forever' she half-whispered, half-cried out while I gave her a tonguing to be proud of. 

Posh Lucy calling me honey. I liked that. And I liked what she did next as sudden indecipherable sounds began to emanate from somewhere deep inside her. In a swift motion she reached down to hold her pussy lips open, allowing me even more of her gaping hole to lap at, which I did more than happily, much much more ... almost laughing out loud in gratitude for the good fortune that had come my way.

I dived back in, unable to get enough. 

With her juice spread over half my face and with Marco sucking her tits again she pulled her pussy lips open even wider. I was sure she was about to cum ... and I intended to be the one to make her. I stuck two, then three fingers in and quickly added a fourth that sent her right over the cliff. She screamed out, butt cheeks clenching as she ground her pussy on my face, her thighs clamping my head, her pussy muscles gripping my fist as she rode my fingers to the finish line.

'Ooh ... unggggh ... yeaAH ... fUCKKK ...' 

Lucy was panting hard. I continued to lick her, slowly, softly, helping her come down. She lay silent with her eyes closed for about seven or eight seconds, her face flushed, and only then as she opened her eyes did she notice that Marco had whipped his cock out and was pumping it furiously over her face. 

Lucy giggled, reaching out to touch it, asking if he needed any help. It was a rhetorical question. Marco didn't even bother to reply. She was soon licking around his bell-end, up and down his long shaft, and with her head twisted sideways took him deep into her mouth. 

She was most definitely good. I could see the shape of Marco's cock-head in the top of her throat. 

My own cock was causing me pain. It felt like a steel rod was trying to burst it's way through my zipper. But there was no time for relief just yet. 

Just as I was in two minds about what to do with my own weapon, Toby decided he wanted some of what Marco was getting. He clambered on the sofa the other side of Lucy, half-kneeling half-standing, and soon she was twisting her head one way then the other taking them in turns. 

I was licking her with longer strokes again, excited by her wet cunt spread over my chin and mouth. Yes, that was what it was now; the slit, folds and sodden lips of her pussy had flowered open into a hot, gaping squelching orgasm. I licked it. I kissed it. I sucked parts of it into my mouth. I liked the taste. I liked it as much as she liked the feeling. I wanted it all, as much as I could have, excited by the real-life porno playing out in front of my eyes. Lucy was so comfortable with what she was doing, so turned-on by what we were doing with her that all my paranoia of anyone calling a halt to the fun totally disappeared. Now everything was just totally totally awesome. 

It wasn't long before Lucy's hips started to roll with pleasure again and she happily ceded control as first Toby then Marco gently face-fucked her. 

"Ya ... cum on her face" Toby urged as Lucy sucked noisily on Marco's swollen meat. I had a great view of it all as Marco groaned loudly he was going to cum and Lucy, with great timing, eased her mouth open around his mushroom head. 

The first jet of his jizz shot to the back of her throat. He grunted with each burst, four, five times. Most of his cum spread across her cheek as she turned and opened wider to take Toby's jerking meat. Her big loop earings swayed with the movement as she swung her head from side to side. A sudden spray of hot seed splashed triumphantly across her freckled cheek. A globule clung to one of her hoops and slid down its curve in slow motion. Then another quickly followed, this time shooting over her nose to spatter on her forehead and into her hair. The third and fourth found their ultimate target as Toby stuffed his pounding meat into her mouth and emptied the remainder of his sac to mingle with Marco's first burst. Then he fell back on his haunches, sated, just as Marco had done. 
