 Jamie gave Chelsea a little peck on the cheek and left to continue her work. Chelsea hiked her jeans back on and finished the wash. She continued about cleaning and sprucing up the house. 

She made her way to the office where Kerry had locked himself away to work. Jamie was walking out with an empty plate as Chelsea went to enter the room.

"I'm allowed in there right now?"

"Mhm. He's just waiting for another meeting to start. So just dust up, organize, whatever needs to be done."

She winks and Chelsea blushes with a small smirk. 

"Even that?"

"Even that...and let me know, I like to watch."

The two laughed and Jamie headed downstairs. Chelsea knocked softly before walking into Kerry's office. He was sitting at his desk, absently playing Mahjong on his computer. He smiled as Chelsea walked in and waved at her. 

She smiles and waves back, before attending to cleaning the room. A few times she felt his eyes on her ass as she bent over to organize things. 

"Chelsea right?"

"Mhm."

"So Jamie was telling me a little more about you and she mentioned you liked being spanked?"

A sly smirk came to her face. 

"Mhm. She said you're really good at it."

He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. She smiled focusing on dusting the shelves.

"May I?"

"I was hoping you'd ask."

"Jeans on or off?"

"Is off ok?"

"Perfect."

She kept dusting as his arms went around her waist and unbuttoned and unzipped her jeans. He only pulled them down far enough to expose her ass. 

"Fuuuuckkk"

She groaned as he firmly slapped her ass. He smiled and rolled back to his desk. She stood with her ass out for a moment, her pussy damp. Kerrys Skype rang, signaling his next meeting was about to begin. 

"I'll get out of your hair sir."

"Don't worry about. I actually have a different job for you, if you don't mind?"

He pulled out his chair a little and she nodded. She walked over to him, knelt down and crawled under the desk. He pulled back in and she worked his zipper down and pulled cock out. 

"Sloppy if you could."

He whispered before answering his skype. She stroked him slowly getting his semi-hard cock fully stiff. She started to suck him slowly as Kerry chattered about some type of business deal. 

She pulled off and spit on the tip and stroked it, rubbing it against his shaft before starting to suck him off again. She went as deep as she could until she gagged and pulled back off slowly before repeating the process. 

After two more deepthroats she steadied her rhythm. His cock was wet with spit and precum. Her hand kept sliding off as she tried to stroke him at the same time. She kept going, his cock throbbing in her mouth.

She held in her mouth as his load filled her mouth. She opened it a little to let his cum run down the sides of his cock. She pulled off, panting and wiped her mouth. She snuck out the other side of the desk and stood up, wiping her mouth. She hadn't even noticed that Jamie had entered the room and taken a seat next to Kerry...

The day was almost was over. Both her bosses had been satisfied in someway and Chelsea hadn't seen either in a while. She was busy cleaning the living room, the last of her chores, when she heard Jamie and Kerry walking down the stairs. 

"Chelsea, the house looks great!"

"Thank you Jamie."

She smiles and finishes dusting the living room. Jamie gently takes the feather duster from her hand and replaces it with an envelope. 

"That's your pay, obviously. But before you go, I have one last request..."

"Ok."

"Ever had a threeway?"

Chelsea smiled and shook her head no. The couple smiled as they led Chelsea to the couch. They all stripped slowly. Chelsea laid back letting Jamie and Kerry rub her body and suck on her hard nipples. Jamie's hand rubbed her wet pussy as Chelsea stroked Kerry's cock. 

Jamie whispered something in Chelseas ear and Chelsea nodded. She turned, putting her legs on the couch and spread them for Kerry. Jamie kneeled over Chelseas face and slowly lowered her pussy to Chelseas lips. 

Chelsea moaned as Kerry's cock slid into her pussy. She started to lick Jamie's pussy slowly. 

"You always look hot fucking another women Kerry."

Chelsea suppressed a giggle and stopped to moan. 

"Pat my thigh twice if you want him to speed up. Three times for harder."

Chelsea immediately patted Jamie's thigh twice and pulled Jamie closer as Kerry sped up. Jamie moaned louder as Chelsea licked faster, trying not to moan. 

"That sound is making me so wet."

Jamie purred referring to the sound of Kerry fucking Chelseas soaked puss you. 

"Where do you want his cum sweety?"

Chelsea rubbed her midsection and Jamie giggled. Chelsea started lick faster as Kerry sped up and up. Jamie came first, gently squeezing Chelseas tit as she did. 

"He's getting close Chelsea."

"I know."

Chelsea moaned as Jamie layed next to her on the couch. A few more th surest and Chelsea came hard. She arched off the couch as Jamie smiled. 

"Fuck..."

Kerry grunted in pleasure. Chelsea started to come down and slowly lowered her body back against the couch. Kerry pulled out and covered her body in cum. Chelsea and Jamie smiled. 

"It feels so good Jamie."

"I know right."

Jamie gave her a little peck on the cheek before running her finger through the cum on Chelseas stomach...