 Christ I was horny. Watching Dana parade around all night in her slinky little black dress and spiked heels was driving me nuts. I tried to return my focus to the salmon I was sautéing for dinner and get it off the way her breasts strained against the filmy fabric of her dress as she sauntered around the kitchen, a glass of wine in her hand. It wasn't working.

Let me back up a bit, I'm a personal chef that provides an in home cooking service for people who want something a little more special than just a restaurant visit for special occasions or small parties. I've worked with Dana on several dinner parties and birthdays, and tonight was her anniversary, 10 years with her husband, Jeff. She's a vision, standing 5'8", maybe 120 pounds with an incredible body made firm from her work as an aerobics instructor. I had met her at the gym where she teaches and our sporadic conversations led to her initially hiring me for a dinner party for Jeff's boss.

As I worked the risotto, I felt her come up behind me for a peek and a smell, her hand touching my shoulder. "Smells good," she said. "What is it?"

"An asparagus and shrimp risotto," I replied, my skin tingling from her soft touch, "and if you don't leave me to it, it's going to turn into a lump of goo."

"Oh, okay," she giggled, "I'm not interested in that kind of goo!" With that, she spun on a heel and went off to enjoy her wine.

I couldn't help but wonder what kind of goo she was interested in as I finished the risotto and began plating the dinners. I served their dinner and watched with a pang of jealousy as Dana ran her fingers up and down Jeff's arm while they ate, talked, and laughed through the meal. They were already through a second bottle of wine as I brought out dessert, a molten chocolate cake, and cleared the dinner plates. 

I spied them feeding it too each other, and watched as Dana leaned over and licked a drip of chocolate from Jeff's chin, and then slid her tongue into his mouth for a deep, soulful kiss. Damn she was hot.

I was almost finished cleaning up when Dana came back into the kitchen. "Mike," she said, "that was one of the most fabulous meals I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Thank you so much for making this a fantastic evening for us. I just wish there was someway I could express my gratitude to you."

My brain went into overdrive. "Sure," my brain said, "you could drop to your knees and suck my cock and then let me fuck you silly like I've wanted to since the day we met." What came out of my mouth was more like "It was my pleasure, Dana. I'm just glad I could help make the occasion special for you." What a dork.

"Where's Jeff?" I asked, not seeing him at the table any longer.

"He went up to our room to rest for a minute. I think all that wine went to his head a little."

"Okay," I replied, "I'm just about done here so tell him Happy Anniversary for me if I don't see him before I leave."

"Leave?" Dana asked. "Wouldn't you like to relax for a minute, maybe have a drink now that you're not working anymore?"

"Uh, sure, I guess that'd be okay. Got any good bourbon?"

"Of course, honey, Jeff only drinks the expensive stuff!"

Honey??

"Terrific, just point me to it."

"Don't be silly, baby," Dana cooed, "just go sit in the den and I'll bring it to you. Neat, right?"

"Right," I replied. Baby?? What the hell was going on here?

I went into the den and sat on the couch. Dana brought the bourbon in and sat down next to me, her legs curled under her. She played with her wavy blonde hair, twirling it around her fingers, as we chatted about something mundane. It was all I could do to focus on what she was saying as she kept twirling her hair, then touching my arm lightly, giggling the whole time.

"Damn," she said softly.

"What?" I asked

"Well," she replied, leaning in close and resting her hand on my leg, "I really don't know why I'm telling you this, must be the wine, but I'm really horny right now and I'm wondering if you'd like to kiss me?"

My jaw must've dropped six inches and I jumped in my seat. Dana pulled away quickly, muttering, "Shit, Mike, I'm sorry, I don't know what's gotten into me."

"No, no," I said. "Believe me; I'd love nothing more than to kiss you, but what about Jeff? I mean, this is your anniversary."

"Jeff's passed out on the bed upstairs. I checked on him before I offered you that drink..You'd really like to kiss me?"

Rather than speak, I simply leaned close to her and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. When she didn't move, I kissed harder and felt her lips part to accept my tongue. We kissed as she maneuvered herself into a position straddling me while our tongues danced in each other's mouths. That she could feel my growing erection was quite obvious.

"Is that for me?" She asked, running her hand up and down my chest.

"If you want it to be," I replied.

"Oh, I think I just might." She slid a hand between her legs and squeezed my cock through my pants as I caressed her ass. Dana started stroking me gently as she began to suck on my tongue.

"Unzip me," she moaned into mouth. I reached up and slid the zipper down on the little black dress and she shrugged the straps off her shoulders. I couldn't help but look down at her breasts and guessed them to be about a 36C, with just a touch of sag from breast feeding her two children.

"My god," I moaned, her hand still stroking my confined cock, "your tits are amazing." I began to squeeze and caress them, her nipples hard as pebbles and turning a deep pink. I leaned in and flicked my tongue at one of them.

"Ooh, yes," she moaned, "suck them."

I didn't need to be told again and clamped my lips around one and began to suckle. She groaned and ran her hands through my hair, pulling my head into her chest. She leaned in close, her tongue tickling my ear, and whispered "Do you want me to suck your cock?"

I could only moan my approval as Dana fed me her nipple. Pushing me back on the couch, she began to slide down onto the floor between my legs. Her hands expertly undid my belt and pants and I obeyed when she motioned for me to rise up so she could pull them down, along with my boxers. I was in shock a bit, this vision on her knees in front of me, my cock standing rigid right in front of her face, her husband upstairs.

"Mmm," she moaned, grabbing the base of my prick, "such a nice looking cock." She started stroking gently, making sure I was at my full 7". "And I love that you shave your balls." I started doing that after stroking to one too many porn flicks, and noticed it sort of made my cock look bigger so I started trimming. Still stroking, she finally leaned in and planted a soft kiss on the head of my throbbing cock. It jumped in her hand as she kept kissing down the shaft to my balls and then back up to the head. Finally, her lips surrounded the head and she slid them down my shaft, her tongue curled under as she swallowed my cock. It was all I could do not to fill her mouth with cum right then and there. She teased me to no end, sucking and stroking first slowly, then faster, twisting her hand as she stroked, twirling her tongue as she sucked.

Suddenly, she stopped.

Pulling her head off my cock, she slowly stood. Her dress fell to the floor and she stood before me in her heels and her black lace thong. She turned and started walking down the hallway then disappeared.

"Are you coming or not?" She called out.

I jumped up, untangled myself from the pants around my ankles, and quickly headed in the direction she went. I saw she had gone to the guest bedroom and had sat down on the bed.

"Come and lie down." I did as I was told and she straddled my head with her knees. My legs were dangling off the edge of the bed, but I didn't care as I stared up at the soft dirty-blonde hairs poking out the sides of Dana's thong. I needed no further prodding as I began to run my tongue along her panty covered slit. I poked at the fabric, feeling the wetness through it, the musky scent intoxicating. As I reached up to push aside the little fabric patch, Dana leaned forward, her tits on my stomach and began sucking my cock again.

I couldn't help but smile as I dug my tongue into her dripping cunt, spreading her soft lips with my fingers, running my tongue along each one then poking into her hole as she engulfed my cock in her throat. As I circled her bright pink clit with my tongue, I felt her hook her arms beneath my knees, pulling my legs off the floor. My cock popped from her mouth and she tongued down the shaft before sucking one of my balls into her warmth. I could feel her saliva dripping down my balls as she tickled my perineum. She licked my prick like a popsicle as my tongue began to fuck her hole. Returning the feeling, I slid my fingers inside her pussy to wet them before sliding them up along her crack to poke at the small, pink star of her asshole. Amazingly, she did the same, poking a well manicured finger at my saliva slick hole. We moaned in unison as the fingers each began a slow penetration.

Dana added another finger to my ass as she began licking the head of my cock again. Her mouth suckled the head of my prick as she slowly fingered my asshole. I moaned I was close to cumming as she began to grind her pussy on my tongue, forcing it deeper inside as my finger continued to probe her ass.

"I'm cumming," she softly cried, sliding her slick cunt along my tongue, mashing her clit into it. I felt her ass clench around my finger and her cunt twitched against my tongue. I relished the taste of the increased flow of juices as she shivered in climax. 

Suddenly, she took the entire length of my cock into her mouth, her chin against my balls as her tongue swirled along the throbbing underside vein. She pumped her fingers into my asshole and I could feel my balls tighten with the pending release.

Wait a minute...her chin on my balls and her tongue under my cock? But she's facing the wrong...

Suddenly, Dana slid off my face to the side and I saw the top of Jeff's head in my crotch, my throbbing cock buried in his hot, wet mouth. Dana slid a third finger into my ass and I came before I could even react. Spurt after spurt of cum shot from my cock into Jeff's sucking mouth. He pulled up the length of my shaft, sucking the whole time, as I filled his mouth with spunk.

A few final thrusts of my hips and I was spent. My head flopped back on the bed and I closed my eyes as Dana withdrew her fingers from my asshole, my head spinning trying to get a grip on what the fuck just happened. 

"Now that," Dana said as I opened my eyes to the sight of her and Jeff swapping my cum between their tongues, "is the kind of goo that I was hoping for!"

She turned to me and kissed me, her tongue still moist with traces of my load. "You liked my fingers in your ass so much," she whispered, nuzzling and licking my earlobe, "just wait..."

I was stunned into speechlessness as I watched Jeff stand at the foot of the bed and spread my legs, exposing my hole. Dana reached between her legs, sliding her fingers inside her cunt, then went between my legs and guided Jeff's cock to my ass as she lubed him with her juices. I felt the sensation of his cockhead poking at my tightly clenching ass as she whispered again, "Just relax and enjoy the ride."

Half of my brain was screaming "Don't do it...get away...do something!" But the other half, the one that years ago had convinced me to start enjoying anal play as part of my masturbation routine, was winning. It said "Just enjoy it...you've had fingers and buttplugs and even dildos in your ass...now it's time to feel what a real cock can do."

Dana licked her tongue along my lips and we kissed again as I gave in, relaxing my sphincter and gasping as I felt the head of Jeff's cock penetrate my ass. We moaned in unison as he slid his shaft inside my asshole, slowly pushing forward until I felt his balls resting on my ass. I could feel the throbbing of his cock. My god it felt so dirty, but it felt so good. I tried to squeeze him with my ass as he pulled his shaft back out until just the head remained inside me. My cock twitched as he slid back in, his prick bumping against my prostate, then pulled back out again. This was it. I was truly getting fucked in the ass.

"God your ass is nice," Jeff moaned.

"I never knew how good it could feel," I grunted in reply as Jeff began pumping my ass harder and faster.

I spied Dana furiously rubbing her clit and fingering her asshole on the bed next to me. "Let me lick your ass," I told her as I squeezed her nipple. She squatted above me and I spread her cheeks before sliding my tongue along her crack. I could see her fingers rubbing her clit and sliding inside her cunt as I swiped my tongue against her pink hole.

"Stick your tongue in her ass while I fuck you," Jeff demanded, now pounding my anus with abandon.

Dana moaned as I poked my tongue past her sphincter into the musky depths of her asshole. "So fucking good," she hissed as I fucked her ass with my tongue.

"Squeeze my cock with your ass and make me cum," Jeff demanded as he pounded his prick into me. I squeezed and released as his shaft speared me. "That's it," he moaned, "gonna cum, oh, fuck, gonna cum!"

Dana spun around on my face, my tongue losing its place momentarily, and she yanked Jeff's cock from my asshole. "I need to taste it, baby," she cried as she sucked Jeff's cock, slick with my ass, into her mouth.

"Oh, fuck, suck it Dana," he cried, "yes, now, cumming, shit I'm cumming!"

Jeff grabbed Dana's hair and pulled her down the length of his cock, burying the head in her throat as he came. I could hear her swallowing his seed as he emptied his balls into her mouth and throat. She pulled up his shaft, lips sealed as she sucked up to the head. A few strokes and Jeff was spent. He collapsed onto the floor and tried to catch his breath. Dana turned back to me and pressed her lips against mine. As my tongue sought out hers, I felt globs of Jeff's cum slide over it into my mouth. Our tongues swapped the cum before she left me with a mouthful and pulled away. I savored the tangy taste of another man's seed before swallowing and flopping back on the bed next to a panting Dana.

After a moment, Dana rose up and smiled.

"So you got your cock sucked and ass fucked by a man for the first time and you even got a taste of his cum. Let's go relax in the Jacuzzi and see what other firsts we can come up with for you!"

I looked down at Jeff, then back at Dana and I smiled.

"Sounds good to me. Now where's that bourbon!"

To be continued...