 Shit.

What the hell was I thinking? Jeff and I had moved out to the Jacuzzi while Dana was getting our drinks. I was a little overwhelmed by what had just happened and made sure that I was on the opposite side of the Jacuzzi from Jeff. 

"Listen Jeff," I said hesitantly, "I've..."

"I know," he cut in quickly, "you've never had sex with a guy, never thought about it, don't know why you let it happen, can't believe you did, think you're gay, blah blah blah. Right?"

"Well, mostly right," I replied, "Except the part about thinking about it."

"Listen," Jeff said, "do you still want to fuck Dana?"

At this point I had nothing to lose so I replied "Hell yes. I guess I could tell you that I've wanted to fuck her since we first met at the gym."

"Okay, so that confirms that you're not gay," he said with a smile.

He had a point.

"Believe me," he continued, "my first time was just as confusing. I was drunk and don't remember much, other than it left me feeling like I had been missing something."

"I guess it's not so uncommon then, huh?" I asked.

"Probably more common than you think. I'd bet most guys have at least thought about what it would be like, and the ones that say they haven't are either very repressed or lying! We're all just sexual beings. Limiting yourself to being Hetero or Homo is just eliminating half the potential for fun!"

We laughed in unison as Dana walked out with the drinks on a tray. I couldn't keep my eyes off her lithe form as she set the tray on a table. She truly was stunning, her skin flawless and fair. She had told me once that she refused to worship the sun like many of her friends, knowing full well that as the years passed by her skin would remain toned and supple, while that of her tanned friends would end up like old leather purses. I drank in her features as though seeing her for the first time and noticed her blush as I stared unabashed nakedness.

"Bourbon anyone?" she finally asked, breaking what seemed like minutes of silence.

"Thanks," I said as she slid in the Jacuzzi between me and Jeff.

"Thanks, honey," Jeff added, "now where were we?"

"I was about to agree about men thinking about sex with other men. It's almost hard not to. Like when you watch a porno and the chick really seems to be into it, it's hard to not just wonder what it feels like."

"Well," Dana giggled, "now you have some idea!"

We all laughed again and sipped our drinks. The conversation basically strayed off the sex topics, instead turning to the Kobe trial, the local sports scene, and neighborhood gossip." Jeff announced he needed to piss and left the Jacuzzi to relieve himself and make more drinks.

"I heard what you said," Dana said quietly.

"Heard me say what?" I asked.

"That you wanted to fuck me since we met."

"Uh, well,"

"It's okay. I'm flattered. Believe me, teaching at that gym I hear all the catcalls and wolf whistles and pickup lines, I could probably write a book! I guess I wonder why you never hit on me if you felt that way?"

"I guess I just figured you were married and besides, if I had, you'd have probably just dismissed me as another jackass with big pecs and a little brain!"

She laughed and shook her head in agreement. Again I was momentarily distracted by the way she moved. My cock stirred under the bubbles as I lost myself in the way her movements flowed. There was a dancer's fluidity in the way she moved her hands as she talked. Where was Jeff and the bourbon already?

"... so what do you think?"

I snapped back to reality. "Sorry?" I asked.

"I asked if it would surprise you that I wanted you as well?"

"That would be an understatement," I replied. "I would never have figured to have any kind of shot with you."

"Well, you do." With that, she slid closer to me, her breast pushing against my arm as her hand disappeared under the water. I gasped as she grabbed my half hard cock and began to slowly stroke it. "You know, I wasn't quite ready for Jeff to join us when he did. I had other things in mind for this." She leaned in to kiss me and I immediately felt her tongue sliding into my mouth. My hands went to her breasts as she worked my prick to full mast. Dana slid out of the water and lay back, propping herself up on her elbows. "We had this custom built so when you stand on that ledge, you should just be out of the water enough to slide that beautiful cock inside me."

I stood on the ledge and sure enough, my cock bobbed just above the water line. "It was such a turn on seeing you with Jeff, but now I want to feel your cock. Do you want to fuck me?" She started teasing her clit with her fingers, sliding them along her lips. "Do you want to fuck me?"

Damn right I wanted to fuck her. I wanted to jam my cock balls deep into her pussy and pound her mercilessly until I spewed a load of cum into her womb.

"Right now, I want to watch you play with yourself."

She moaned as she dipped her middle finger into her cunt.

"Make that pussy wet for my cock."

Another moan as she added another finger. Laying back, she resumed rubbing her clit as she finger fucked herself.

"Now tell me what you want." I demanded.

"Uhhh," she groaned, "I want your cock. I want it inside me. Now."

I thought I hit on something here so I said "No."

"Pleeeeease," she moaned, fingers working feverishly on her clit, "I need you to fuck me. Please, give me your cock, I need to feel you."

"I'm not sure you're ready," I said as a sly grin crept across my face.

"Yes, yes, I am," she yelped, "I'm so wet, please fuck me, here," she offered a finger, "taste me and see. Taste how wet you've made me."

I leaned forward between her legs and sucked her finger into my mouth. Her slick juice coated my tongue and I slid the shaft of my cock between her lips. She gasped as I slid it up and down her moist slit, coating it with her juices, bumping the head against her clit hood.

"Oh god," she begged, "please...fuck me." A slight shift in pressure on the next sliding stroke and my cock split her lips and slid inside. I didn't stop until I felt my balls against her ass cheeks and then I stopped. I was so turned on that I knew if I pulled back out I'd be seconds away from busting a load.

"Fuck," Dana cried, "that's so beautiful. It feels wonderful."

I regained my composure and began to slide my cock back out. As the crown of the head began to pull from her lips, I pistoned my hips forward and filled her cunt again. She gripped me with her pussy muscles and it felt as though my cock was encased in velvet glove. I looked down and saw her thick juices coating the shaft of my prick as it slid out of her squeezing cunt. This was heaven. Dana was squeezing her breasts and tugging her nipples, her eyes shut tight as she urged me to fuck her faster. I pulled her legs to my shoulders, licking her ankle as I drove my cock inside her. I looked up and saw Jeff sitting on a chaise, bourbon in one had, cock in his other. He slowly stroked his prick as he winked his approval to me. I refocused on Dana's writhing form, licking and sucking her toes while my cock pounded deep into her cunt.

I sensed movement and looked up to see Jeff now standing over Dana, his prick jutting out from his crotch, only inches from my face. "I'm not sure if you're ready to..." he said. My mind raced. Before I was passive, just enjoying what was being done to me. Now I had to decide. I opened my mouth and Jeff slid the head of his cock between my lips. Holy shit I had a cock in my mouth. It was nothing like I thought it would be. Hard, yet silken and soft I thought as Jeff pushed the head across my tongue. I could feel the heat radiating from it and felt the throb of the thick vein on the underside. I thought of how I liked my own cock sucked and tried to duplicate it.

"Oh my god, that is so fucking hot you two," Dana cried out, finally opening her eyes to see her husband's meaty prick between my lips. "I'm cumming!" I felt her cunt grip my cock even harder as I fucked and felt her body tense up. Jeff began slowly moving his hips back and forth, feeding me his prick as I fucked his wife. He moaned as I swirled my tongue along his shaft, sucking hard as he pulled back, curling it under as he thrust forward. I matched him stroke for stroke. Each time he slid his cock into my mouth, I in turn slid mine into Dana's dripping cunt. Dana was spasming in multiple orgasms, grunting and groaning as my cock pounded deep into her cunt.

Dana reached down and coated her fingers with her juices and slid her hands between Jeff's thighs. He moaned and I assumed she had slid her fingers into his ass as his thrusts got faster. "Oh, baby," he groaned, "his mouth is so good. Yes, uh, yes, finger my ass! Make me cum!" Jeff's thrusting speed increased as more of his cock slid between my lips. I kept focused on how different girls had sucked my own cock and even how Jeff had sucked me just a little while ago. 

I felt Dana gripping my cock as I pounded her cunt. Deftly, she pulled my joint from her slit and began to rub the head against her asshole. "Mmmm, god," I mumbled through a mouthful of cock.

"Fuck my ass, Mike," she demanded as the head of my cock pushed past her sphincter. It was so fucking tight I almost lost it right there. I again tried to match my thrusts into Dana's ass with Jeff's cock pumping my mouth. "Oooh, Jeff, it's so fucking hot watching your cock in Mike's mouth while he fucks my ass! I just know you're gonna love it!"

That did it. The thought of my cock sliding in and out Jeff's asshole sent me over the edge. "Cumming," I moaned around Jeff's prick. Dana gripped me with her ass like I've never felt before as I began to spurt my seed into her rectum.

"Uhhh," Dana moaned as my cum filled her ass. My cock still thrusting as my balls emptied. "Cum on me Jeff. Cum all over my tits!"

I felt a slight sense of loss as Jeff pulled his cock from my lips and stepped back a bit. I could see Dana's fingers pumping his asshole and I gripped his cock and stroked it for him. I wanted to see him cum. And I wanted to see it all over Dana's writhing body. I felt Jeff's cock go rock solid and his balls suck up a bit as he neared release. I saw Dana jam a third finger into his hole as the vein throbbed uncontrollably. Finally, he grunted and ropes of hot cum spewed from his cock and splattered Dana's stomach and tits. He scooted back a bit more and the next two spurts splashed her neck and chin. Was I missing the boat? I leaned forward just in time to catch the last drips on my tongue. Salty, warm, thick, but not entirely displeasing. In fact, I think I quite enjoyed it. Jeff collapsed on the deck next to Dana and I laid down on her other side.

"Look at the mess!" she cried. "Now you both better get to work and clean me up!"

I looked at Jeff and he smiled as he began licking his cum off her belly. I figured, what the fuck, and began swabbing her cum covered tits as well, sucking the still warm globs of cum off her nipples. Dana's body glistened with out saliva as we licked up the last remaining drops, my softening cock finally slipping from her ass.

"You're not done yet," she said, motioning me to direct my attention to her spread legs. "Finish the job!"

I hesitated, but just for a moment before sliding my head between Dana's spread legs and swabbing her just fucked ass with my tongue. I could feel her squeezing my cum from her hole and the tangy seed coated my taster as I began to tongue fuck her again.

"Ooh, Jeff," she moaned as my tongue speared her asshole again and again, "his tongue is so hot fucking my ass." She writhed and moaned as I continued to slide my tongue into her backdoor. I watched as she began to squeeze her clit between her thumb and finger, then rub it feverishly. Her ass clenched around my tongue as she came again. "Oh god, fuck that's nice, gonna cum again, cumming with your tongue in my ass, fuck, yes, uhhhhhhhhh." I tasted the juices from her pussy as they ran down her crack. Finally pulling my head up, I saw Jeff lazily stroking his cock as he watched his wife cumming with my tongue in her asshole.

"Alright," he said with a smile, "let's relax a while and then it's my turn!"