 [Author's Note: These people are real. Dana represents the author. Tom is her lover who is 17 years younger. Ron is a man she has known for many years and recently became intimate with. The names have been changed to protect the very naughty.]

Tom is returning to the area in December and Dana will finally be able to have the threesome she has wanted for sometime. As soon as Tom tells her when he will be back in town, she contacts Ron and they set up how the three of them will get together.

It is decided that since Tom and Ron don't know each except what Dana has told them about each other, that it would be a good idea to meet for drinks. They pick a place that is close to Dana's apartment. This is her idea, as she knows this will be important because she is very sure that they won't be there long. They arrange to meet in the parking lot and walk in together. Ron has been given a description of the car and the license plate number for easy identification.

Tom and Dana arrive together and wait for Ron. As they wait, Dana leans over and kisses Tom. He has been gone for a long time and she has missed his kisses as well as other things. As he kisses her, he slides his hand up her leg and under her skirt. True to form, she isn't wearing panties. Dana has a habit of going commando at all times, saying she wants to be ready to be eaten or fucked at any given moment. As they are kissing, they hear a rap on the passenger window. It's Ron. Dana opens the door and kisses him as deeply as she was kissing Tom. Ron then slides his hand into the place where Tom had his hand. Everyone gets their fair share.

They walk into the bar and find a fairly secluded booth. Dana makes sure that she is sitting in the middle and she make formal introductions after drinks are ordered. The 2 men find out that they have a few things in common like climbing. As they talk, Dana starts massaging their cocks. Not a lot, but just enough. The men will have to be able to walk out the door. Being the naughty woman that she is, she times her stroking to when each man is talking. She enjoys watching each of them trying to keep their train of thought going.

At one point, Dana excuses herself to go to the restroom. While she is gone, Tom and Ron plot to get their revenge. When she returns to her place in the middle, they put their plan into action. They both take the bottom of her skirt and lift it up in the back so that her bare ass is on the seat. She looks a both of them questioningly. They say nothing and continue with their current conversation. Soon she feels a hand on each leg and with a bit of pressure, her legs separate. It doesn't take long before she has 2 hands playing with her pussy. She doesn't know why since they know her, but they are once again surprised by how wet her pussy gets. A couple of people in the bar are looking over and have figured out what is going on. It is time to go. Needless to say, Dana leaves a very wet spot on the seat.

They make the sort drive to Dana's apartment. As soon as they enter and close the door, they start stripping, leaving a trail of clothes on their way to the bedroom. Dana takes a moment and lights the candles she has arranged before leaving for the bar.

Dana stands between the 2 very sexy men and kisses them. As she does, they run their hands lightly over her body. She then turns to Ron and embraces him as she kisses him slowly and deeply. While she is doing that, Tom kisses her down her back to her ass. This makes her automatically stand on her toes and spread her legs. She knows he is going to rim her. While this is happened, Ron slides a hand down to her pussy. She is so wet you can hear it as Ron rubs her pussy. Dana then slides a hand down to Ron's hard cock and starts stroking him.

After a few minutes, they change positions and Ron is now rimming her ass and Tom is getting kissed deeply and slowly and playing with Dana's pussy. She strokes Tom's cock and massages his balls. Soon they are lying on the bed with Dana in the middle. Ron and Tom start sucking her tits and fingering her pussy. Dana's hands aren't idle, she is stroking both of their cocks. It doesn't take long before both men are making their way to her pussy and driving her crazy with their mouths and tongues. Both men are excellent pussy eaters and Dana is quickly writhing on the bed as they make her cum again and again and again.

Tom makes sure that some of that pussy juice is now lubing her ass. Dana loves to have her ass fucked and she wants that first. Ron goes and sits on the bench in Dana's bedroom and starts stroking his cock as Tom prepared to slide his cock into Dana's ass. Tom and Dana are facing Ron so the can watch him stroking his cock. Dana sees pre-cum on the tip of Ron's cock and she has him take in on his finger and feed it to her. Tom now has his cock deep in her ass and is fucking hard and deep. She loves it this way. She becomes a wanton slut. She sees more pre-cum on Ron's cock and she has him move from the bench to the bed so she can suck his cock. Tom continues to fuck her ass while she sucks Ron's cock. Ron tells Tom to fuck her ass harder and faster. Dana wants Tom to cum in her ass. She loves the feeling of hot cum being sprayed inside her rectum. However, Dana doesn't want Ron to cum, yet. She has plans for his cum. 

Soon, Tom can't hold out and he cums deep in Dana's ass. It feels so very good, it makes her sigh deeply. He stays in her ass until his cock shrinks out.

Now for her plan. It's Ron's turn to fuck her ass. He gets behind her and slides his cock in her cum filled ass. He pounds her ass with his cock. Tom tells him to spank her while he is fucking her ass. He know she loves this. What she really enjoying is being the fuck toy of 2 men and she wants to be thoroughly used by the 2 of them. Tom then slides under her and starts eating her pussy. His nose bumps your balls and he starts licking Ron's balls while he eats Dana's pussy. Dana has turned in to a wild woman. She has a cock in her ass and someone eating her pussy. She has no control while Ron's cock is in her ass, pounding her hard. She wants to grind her pussy against Tom's face, but can't. She is at their mercy. She is soon begging Ron to release his load deep into her ass, making her rectum twice filled with hot cum.

Ron lets his cock slide out of Dana's ass and now she can grind her pussy against Tom's face. Tom now not only eats her pussy, but he licks and tongue fuck her ass hole. He is as much of a slut as she is and he wants to taste the cum that fills her ass. Ron is now turned on by this and comes over and starts licking her ass as well and Tom goes back to eating Dana's pussy. Soon Dana cums and cums hard, dripping all over Tom's face. Ron stops licking her ass and helps clean up her pussy. They all collapse on the bed and catch their breath. Then it is off to shower. They are by no means done but it is good to clean up a bit.

After the shower, they change venues and go out to the living room and the sofa bed, which Dana also prepared before going to the bar. They all lie down with Dana in the middle and just talk. Soon her hands drift to the temptation of their cocks. Both Ron and Tom start massaging her breasts. Dana turns and kissed Ron deep and then she kisses Tom. She alternates between the 2 of them until she begs them both to suck on her nipples. Dana continues to gently stroke their cocks, 

Soon each their hands trails down to her pussy. Dana is already so very wet and turned on. Dana has Tom fuck her first even though he was first fucking her ass. She then sucks Ron's cock. She wants his pre-cum and to feel the stiffness of his dick in her mouth. She swirls her tongue around the tip and under the ridge. She engulfs Ron's cock with her mouth. She reaches down and starts massaging Tom's balls. She takes a break from Ron's cock and tells him to help her massage Tom's balls.

Between Dana sucking Ron's cock and both of them massaging Tom's balls, it doesn't take long and soon Tom shoots his load deep inside her hot cunt.

He pulls out and now it is Ron's turn. Dana wants 2 loads of cum in her pussy, like what she had in her ass. As Ron slides his hard cock into Dana's cum filled pussy, she starts sucking Tom's cock coated with her pussy juice. Dana has become the fuck toy of 2 men, a wanton slut, a whore.

Dana wants to try something. She has Ron pull out and she gets on her hand and knees. Ron slides back into her pussy, fucking her doggy style. She then has Tom stretch over her back and to lick her ass as Ron fucks her and Dana continues to suck Tom's cock. Tom really loves her ass. Through some maneuvering, it works out. Ron tells Dana that she is such a slut. They keep this up as long as possible but it is awkward and Ron is starting to pound her pussy harder, he is so turned on. Dana wants Ron to cum. She wants his cum mixed with Tom's in her pussy. Dana tells them that she is their whore and wants to be fucked like one.

Ron pounds her pussy hard. Going so deep. He washes her hot cunt with his cum. Dana has Ron slowly pull out so she can take his cock in her mouth like she did Tom's after he came inside her.

Now she has the both Ron and Tom eat her double creamed pie. They slide down to her pussy and starting eating the cum out of it. At her request they also share with her. And this is only the beginning.

They are resting and as they do, Ron gets up and goes to the bedroom. Dana wants him and Tom to make her their whore and so they will. He goes to the bench in her bedroom which has a storage area. It is in here that Dana keeps her toys, lubes, condoms, restraints, blindfolds and scarves. Ron is quite familiar with this as he and Dana fucked each other a number of times before Tom returned and they used most everything she had. He pulled out the soft restraints, a blindfold, nipple clamps, a couple of vibrators and her strap-on. Just in case it was needed, he also brought the lube.

When Ron returns to the living room he sees Tom kissing Dana. He catches Tom's eye and shows him the restraints. Tom quickly realizes what will be happening and shifts his body to be more on top of Dana. He holds her arms and hands out and maneuvers his legs between hers. Ron lays one of the wrist restraints over the back of the couch within easy reach of Tom and then he moves around to the other side and slips the other one over Dana's hand to her wrist. Tom quickly grabs the other restraint and puts on her other wrist. They tie her to the frame of the sofa bed. Dana is so excited. She told them she wanted to be their whore and they are making her just that. They have restrained her legs and are now going to put the blindfold on. 

With Dana restrained and blindfolded, Tom and Ron each take a vibrator and turn them on low. They run the vibrators up and down her body, carefully avoiding her breasts, pussy and ass. Dana starts to writhe and beg them to play with her nipples or her pussy or her ass. With her legs spread, both men have good view of her pussy as it gets wetter and wetter. Soon she is making a wet spot on the sheet. With all of her writhing she has dislodged her blindfold. She makes eye contact with each man and raises her hips up off the bed. As she does they watch her pussy drip onto the sheets. She gets so wet. He pussy glistens in the candlelight. Neither man can resist sliding a tongue up and down her slit. They take turns. One man sucks and nibbles on her clit while the other one slides a tongue deep inside her hot, wet cunt. It drives Dana crazy. She can't grind her pussy against their faces because of the restraints on her leg and she can put her hands on the back of their heads, forcing their faces into her pussy because her hands are restrained.

Tom and Ron slide a hand down her Dana's nipples and roll them between there fingers and pinch them. It makes her buck more into their faces. They then take a finger and insert in her cunt and get it nice and wet. They take their fingers and slide them both in her ass. She told them earlier and in various e-mails that she wanted them to make her their fuck toy and they were. Oh, how they were. After she had cum several times each man's mouth, they let her catch her breath. 

Both now had rock hard cocks. They stood at the foot of the bed and started stroking each other. Dana was mesmerized by the site. She wanted them. She wanted to help them stroke their cocks. She wanted to lick one cock tip and then the other. But she couldn't. She just had to watch. She moaned and begged them to release her bonds. They ignored her pleas. She desperately wanted those cocks. Then to make matters worse, Tom bent over and licked the pre-cum off Ron's cock. Dana was now trying everything to get herself loose. Luckily (or maybe they planned it that way), she was able to free one hand and then the other. She sat up and released her ankles and then got on her hands and knees and started sucking their cocks. They each still had a hand on each others cock and kept them there as Dana licked and sucked them. Dana loves to suck cock and it shows and she takes each one deep in her mouth and slowly lets it slide out. The men moan as she licks the tip and then runs her tongue under the ridge and into the pee hole.

Both men take their free hand and enter her pussy from behind. They take her juices and lube her ass up again. They reluctantly tell her to stop sucking their cocks and Ron gets on the bed and lies down crossways. Dana climbs on top of him and impales herself on his stiff rod. She bends over to kiss him and as she does, Tom goes behind her, lubing his cock as he does. She knows was is about to happen and lifts her ass up as far as she can without Ron's cock sliding out of her pussy. This isn't easy since her cunt is so wet and slippery. Her ass is up high enough for Tom to start sliding his cock in. Dana thinks she had died and gone to heaven. What more could a woman want. The cock of a handsome, sexy, slightly older, man in her pussy and the cock of handsome, sexy, definitely younger man, in her ass. She is the middle part of a fuck sandwich. They get into a rhythm as they fuck. They pick up the pace and fuck her deep and hard. Everyone is so turned on. Both Ron and Tom are able to stay hard for along time. However, right now that is difficult to do. Dana needs to cum and she tells both men to cum with her. Being pressed between two men ensures that her g-spot and her clit are both getting what they need and she starts to cum. Soon Tom and Ron are cumming her ass and pussy. Dana tries to keep each cock in their place for as long as possible, but eventually they slide out. 

All three are spent. They go and take another shower and go to bed in the bedroom. They need a nap before going on. What is left, you may ask. Plenty.