 Dance Panderer ©2015, 2016 Literocat

[This story spans exhibitionists, anal, oral, group, and girl-girl.] [fixed typo 9/22/16]

On returning to our car in an upscale strip mall, I saw an orange envelope under a wiper. My temper flared with the thought of an unjust parking fine. I checked and saw absolutely no reason for a fine! When I scanned the other cars, I saw that ours was the only one ticketed. I angrily snatched the envelope, but before I damaged it, I saw an embossed gold foil seal on the flap. No ticket, or ad, I've ever seen came in such finery. The crimson sheet inside held more surprises, and questions.

The suspicious, mysterious, page was addressed to us directly. "Amanda and Al, a close friend has invited you to a bacchanalian dance party. This is an exclusive invitation that you may NOT share with anyone else so we can assure everyone's safety and privacy. We promise you an arousing good time in a low risk, adventurous, private setting. The dress code is INFORMAL. Ladies tend to dress classily yet a bit 'slutty,' with liberal interpretation. There is a $100 per couple fee to cover expenses. You must email a copy of your clean blood panel to our temporary address a week before our event. We will use your email address to notify you of future events provided your participation is acceptable." It continued with directions, date and time. The mysterious page was signed, 'Your Dance Panderer.' We accepted the cryptic adventure, of course.

It was the provocative dress code that tweaked our curiosity and perversity and convinced Mandy. We were nervous about the anonymous nature of the invite and wondered which of our friends might be pranking us. Yet, we were overdue for a little debauchery. Amanda chose to wear a mid-thigh, lightly pleated grey skirt and a royal blue button down top. With only three big buttons, it was constantly flexing open and flashing lots of cleavage or even abs. She needed a bra to keep her D-cups from escaping prematurely thru the fluid gaps. What I wore didn't matter, and I was fine with that. I didn't share that I went commando.

The sketchy directions lead us to a kiosk where we had to use the invite to solve a puzzle before we got the rest of the directions to the final destination. Very sneaky! We wondered why. Maybe so no one would be able to find our corpses? The final directions sent us to a big, deceptively simple looking home. An ad hoc yet obsequious manservant met us at the door and directed us to the 'ball room' as I wondered what kind of balling was done there! I handed him the $100 fee and he had us put on simple brown eye masks that hid us from forehead to nose. He pointed to a framed sign as we exited the foyer. It reassured that all who reached that point had passed all health screenings. Well, at least that was encouraging.

Apparently we were a little late. The lights were dimmed slightly, red bulbs were lit in the sconces and slow music played as all the strangers danced in sultry contact, with many groping butts and boobs. The music changed and so did all the partners. When the new partners cuddled up and immediately began groping asses and tits, we were pretty sure what kind of BALL room this was.

Emboldened, I twirled Mandy onto the dance floor quickly enough to be sure her skirt floated up and hovered high thru all four spins. I couldn't see how much she showed, but all eyes I caught were staring at her sexy legs and maybe more. She slammed her big, dense tits against me and we danced slowly and warmly. Grinning widely, she slyly moved a hand to my slightly tented slacks and squeezed. "Is this for me, baby?" I wandered to her bubble ass and squeezed my response. We kissed tenderly and danced until the music changed.

Partners swapped again, but we both escaped cloying hands and nearly ran to the nearest sofa. We barely suppressed our nervous laughing as we spied on the other dozen couples, content to be, temporarily, voyeurs of all those willing exhibitionists. Drinks flowed even during the dirty dancing and some had already had too much. Those tipsy women were very slow to restore their released tits to their holsters so several tight nipples on elongated tits spun slowly for our delight. I didn't see any reason to spill our own secret, yet.

Mandy began slowly crossing and uncrossing her legs and drawing attention to her sexy thighs. I noticed that her smile was fixed, her eyes gleamed and her knees often fell slightly apart or vacillated. She rested a hand on my obvious bulge and squeezed it openly. Did she want to take the lead and ramp up this party?

As the couples circulated past us, I focused on their eyes as much as I could. The women glanced at Mandy's splayed blouse, up her skirt then locked on her hand as it massaged my swelling. The men barely glanced at my lap, but their eyes dove to Mandy's chest before locking them under her vanishing skirt. I didn't remember which panties she chose to wear, if any, so I could only imagine what treats fascinated them. She slapped my hand away when I tried to spread her legs to check how wet her panties were, so I pinched and rolled a nipple thru her shirt instead. It jumped to attention.

"Honey, are you planning to give them all a show? Maybe pull my cock out and suck it as they watch?" Her eyes were on each stiffening cock as it danced by. Her answer was to shift my dick in my pants obviously. "This appears to be a swap club so I understand the secrecy. Still, it seems like YOU are giving the best show and I am the only one missing it. How can you help me with that?" I think that gave her the last bit of permission she needed.

"Oh? You want to see more of a show than all THAT?" She pointed to some bared legs and loose tits rebounding to the music. "How about that pretty redhead there? Every time her partner spins her, I see her shapely legs up to her sheer panties. Would you like to know if her carpet matches her drapes?" Without waiting for a reply, she put her drink down and negotiated the dancing obstacles to Red.

Reaching her target, she painted her body across the back of the shapely and pretty dancer. Red startled briefly then turned her head to Mandy, who whispered a few words, then directly across the room to me and the beautiful blonde stranger who now sat criminally close against me. I soon learned that Mandy told Red that I was very interested in her and wanted to see them dirty dance together. Red's partner's hand was conveniently trapped between Red's curvy ass and Mandy's groin; the other was at Mandy's breasts trying to unbutton her blouse. Mandy ignored both hands.

Red and her partner kept dancing as Mandy stepped back, her hands on Red's hips, her top blouse button now open. She ignored her exposed black bra and undulating, swelling tits, but kept dancing with her eyes and mouth wide open in faux shock. Her fingers began creeping Red's red-striped grey skirt a little higher with every hip bump. Watching more and more of those slightly muscular legs appear made my thinly covered dick surge with the beat. I barely noticed the hand that rubbed my chest or migrated to my groin.

When Mandy had Red's skirt revealing her pellicular panties, she froze it there. Blondie's unnoticed partner threaded the room to get to the dance trio and parked his distended groin on Mandy's ass. She just nodded a welcoming greeting at him and continued to hike Red's skirt. He waved at Blondie and me and began raising my Mandy's skirt. Red's skirt was at her waist so I, and much of the room, were graced with her barely covered ass until Mandy unzipped and unhooked the tiny skirt. To slide Red's skirt to the floor, she bent sharply, driving her own ass firmly into the stranger behind her, and Red danced out of it.

While Red danced in just her top and shear panties, Blondie's partner helped Mandy's skirt slide up to her hips and expose her bare ass to me and everyone. My dick surged as I strained to see which thong she wore - the tiny one or the G-string. As she twisted and turned toward me, I realized she had NO panties on. Her freshly waxed womanhood was flexing open as she danced to a squat or lifted her knees higher than needed.

Blondie found my dick and helped it grow into a cock. One of her feet was on the floor, the other on the sofa, leaving her legs splayed under her dual layer, white chiffon dress. She moved my hand to her breast and I automagically fondled it, still fixated on my wife's exposed, glistening pussy. My eyes glanced at Blondie just enough to see that her firm tits were bigger than they felt and her skirt was in her lap so her pale, creamy thighs were exposed and open for me.

When she moved my hand to her groin, I felt her uncovered patch of fuzz, her firm clit and warm moist labia that made me sigh. As I began to finger her, she unzipped me and pushed my slacks off making mine the first bare cock in the room. She pushed my legs apart and gently pulled and twisted my cock to full firmness.

Each time he squatted, her partner patted and kissed Mandy's bare cheeks and slid a hand high up between her legs as she pushed Red's panties off and licked her bare ass. Red stopped dancing, swaying instead and bent again, her tits swayed invitingly as my Mandy spread her cheeks and licked Red's pink bung hole.

Blondie's partner was openly fingering Mandy. Red's partner unbuttoned the last two buttons of her top and pulled it off her so Mandy was still bent over, but left wearing only shoes and her black bra. It didn't survive much longer as he found and released her hooks so the bra fell away. He fondled her big, swaying naked tits and pinched her dense nipples. She was happily the first fully nude woman on the floor and flaunted it.

When Red stood and faced her, Mandy opened and removed Red's top. Her slightly sagging B-cups had stiff, pale nipples that danced opposite her body. Mandy found Red's gaping pussy under her bright red bush and slid two fingers in and out several times before pulling out of the two-girl sandwich that had served her so well.

She licked and sucked her girl-juice drenched fingers and, grinning widely and enjoying her full exposure and taboo sexual activity, spun like a dizzy, naked, princess at her ball. Except, that she tripped and grabbed another woman's dress as she did. That woman's right tit was already fully out of her strapless dress and Mandy's grip pulled the dress to the ground. This newly naked woman stepped out of her dress and happily tossed it to the wall as she giggled and spun her beautiful nudity to the middle of the floor.

Seeing three naked women on the dance floor, Blondie pushed her dress over her head and dropped it behind the sofa. She stood before me and let me inspect her flawless form a moment then straddled my cock and guided it inside her wet, welcoming and snug pussy as I also guided her full tits and nipples to my mouth. She dropped onto my cock as I bit her nipples until she was fully seated on me. We both groaned and French kissed aggressively as I lost track of Mandy.

When I spotted Mandy again, she was backed against Blondie's mate and pushing his slacks to the floor. He too was commando, as I learned when I saw his stiff cock pop up and settle between Mandy's bare cheeks. Red was wet kissing her, tit to tit, fingers inside my wife as she dislodged the stiff prick from her ass. In near perfect synchronicity, she slowly jerked the massive cock behind her as she deeply raided Red's wet pussy.

Blondie was panting as she bounced on my cock. I finally succumbed to the velvety tightness of her snug, clinging pussy. She gasped, "Cum inside me, I want you!" And I stopped holding back. I heard my grunts and observed my hips thrust into her and fire several ropes of thick, creamy cum into her as I watched from out of my body. "Ohhh, that was so powerful. Sit still!" She noisily slid my still semi stiff cock out of her muscular pussy with a final pop. Backing off my knees, she dropped to the floor. "My favorite way to finish off great sex is this wonderful flavor . . . "

She sniffed my cock and savored the scent of her cum mixed with mine. Her hot mouth swallowed my slippery cock and made it rapidly swell back to full size. She skillfully slid my sensitive sausage fully into her throat and squeezed. I moaned in blissful pain. She licked and swirled around my shaft and I felt her inhale our mixed musk from my pubes. In under a minute I was filling her belly directly with more cum than I thought I had. As I enjoyed her cleaning my cock by lapping it, I noticed her hips circling. My naked wife was lying on the floor, face in her gaping pussy, slurping my cum out of her.

Face down in Mandy's pussy was Red, slurping and groaning as she ate my tasty wife. Behind Red was Blondie's mate. Ass or pussy I didn't know, but he was fucking one or both. My mind flipped with the images before me. The reality made me hard again, but I felt too drained to cum again so soon. Blondie climaxed on Mandy's face and that started the dominos falling. Mandy orgasmed loud enough for me to hear and I grunted a few more short strands into Blondie. Red and her partner climaxed loudly together.

As I caught my breath and our train broke apart, I noticed several similar scenes around the room, most were one on one encounters with mismatched partners. We all rose and crossed the room for liquid strength. We all took liberties with those still fully engaged. As we passed, Mandy and I petted asses and tits, plunged fingers deep inside any unfilled, slippery snatches and fed each other her juices. We lapped each pussy for a final taste. She squeezed and sucked EVERY free cock we crossed for just a few seconds each. She said she wanted to sample all the meat for thickness, tenderness and taste.

I curled two fingers into Mandy's swollen pussy as she drank her water. It was more than slippery. It was thick with cum that was slowly creeping down both thighs. "Whose cum is this? Red's mate or Blondie's maybe?" I signaled Blondie to join us.

"It's probably both." She grinned nastily. "You may not want to check my asshole." The challenge worked. I pushed my sodden digits into her loose bung hole. It too was filled with cum. What had I missed? Obviously rhetorical, yet she had to brag, "Mmm, yes, I had both their cocks in my mouth and back there. How did you miss my sucking another stranger while those two filled my lower holes? This was all they promised! My adventure was very arousing. I hope yours was too."

"I missed the anal and your three-way. But it's not too late; my cock is raging again. Blondie lie on the sofa, your head on the arm. Mandy, sit on her face so she can drain your sodden pussy clean." I pointed to Red's mate's big cock. "Have you had that big stick in my wife yet? Good, now you can fill her mouth and throat with it as I bend her over and take her ass." Anal had been a reluctant and infrequent treat, so I was a little annoyed that she gave it up to at least two strangers.

Blondie was already noisily slurping Mandy's pussy. When she moaned, a big, hard cock filled her mouth. I momentarily watched the dual action then bent Mandy lower. As I spread her cheeks and watched Blondie finger and nibble on Mandy's reddened labia and clit, Red's mate crawled between Blondie's legs and began vigorously fucking her with her knees on his shoulders. He leaned forward and pinched then pulled Mandy's nipple into his mouth. Her rear hole throbbed open each time Blondie's finger slid out of her raw cunt and tightly closed each time it went in. I licked her pussy and Blondie's mouth from behind until my cock insisted on some snug heat. It found Mandy's throbbing star hole and easily slid into the slippery and loose rear opening.

As soon as it entered, it was sucked in until my pubes crashed against her sweet, well-used ass. She squeezed me each time a skilled finger slammed her cunt. I tried to forget all the alien sperm in her ass, but that all made my invasion painless and fiery. I slammed her ass and held there firmly as she squeezed me. Heavenly heat surrounded me, yet I had to pull out and plunge back in again, deeply. The plunging was more heavenly, then, no, the stillness was, then . . . my cheeks clenched. As I felt my balls roil, but just before they delivered their load, Blondie's finger shot into my ass and nearly made me pass out from delirium! Several spurts of my cum joined the other two or more loads from strangers.

I woke on the floor. That was only the second time I passed out in bliss. The room was empty except for me, Mandy and our panderer. We were all still naked. Mandy was tenderly sucking my soft cock as a stranger fucked her from behind. She looked up as I stirred, "Time to go honey. While you rested, I had our new friends suck my ass and pussy clean. I didn't think you'd mind. Behind me, fucking my horny ass, is our dance panderer. He said he would email us a custom copy of everyone playing, but especially what we did. So we will have a DVD memory and you will see everything I did, if you want to. Now do you feel this was worth the fee?"

I watched our panderer casually fuck my wife until he filled her demanding ass with his cum. I kissed her stiff, swaying nipple and nodded a simple and happy YES.

============================

/\_/\( ~ ~ )» * « Please vote BIG and leave constructive comments. Thanks....===== 17 hr 0130 9/18/16 ==== 32910 Words ====

12/19/15 seminal image: on sofa, watching partner contact another female dancer & lift her skirt

gck September 18, 2016