 The following story is based on a true experience. It is about involving a third party in my relationship with a woman I dearly loved. So please, if you don't like such stories, then stop reading now! Go away! Do not return! Ever! And I don't need your input or comments. Don't carry on reading and chastise me for writing such 'vile' stories afterwards. You have been warned…

PART 1

It is one of those absolutely perfect days in Clifton, Cape Town. I am sitting on the balcony of my beachfront apartment, enjoying a spectacular sunset. The sun, resembling an enormous orange ball, barely touches the horizon. The blending of orange and red tints reflecting off the deep blue of the sea awakens the artist in me. I get up to fetch my digital camera in order to at least immortalize the moment on a photograph. Then I am distracted by the sight of a stunning blonde woman parking her white Cabriolet in front of the building. She gets out of the car and looks up at me. She smiles and waves at me. I wave back. She blows me a kiss and disappears into the building.

It is Marion, my girlfriend. I'm not actually sure if I can call her that, because we are seeing each other on the sly. No, I'm not married and neither is she. I am a lecturer at UCT and Marion is one of my second year students. Rules forbid that lecturers may have relationships with their students, therefore we are seeing each other secretly at my place. It is far from an ideal setup and the source of many frustrations, but much better than nothing! We have been having an affair for nine months now and so far no one knows about our relationship – least of all her filthy rich parents and the dean!

I walk into the apartment to meet her at the front door. I open the door and as always I'm blown away by her beauty.

"Hi, Loverboy!" she says, throwing her arms around my neck. She kisses me lightly on the lips and gives me a hug. I reply with a "Hi, Sunshine!" and lead her into the apartment. It is obvious that she had spent the afternoon on the beach. She is still wearing her pink bikini top with white shorts covering the bikini bottoms. Her firm, full breasts are straining against the confinement of the skimpy bikini top. She walks past me and I detect the distinct smell of coconut oil. I follow her into the lounge, my eyes riveted on that cute, firm ass and the lazy sway of her hips.

She turns around and smiles, her perfect teeth looking exceptionally white against the healthy, suntanned background of her face. "Hon, would you mind if I had a quick shower? I'd love to get rid of the suntan lotion and sand."

"Sure! Make yourself at home." I reply.

She enters my bedroom and puts her beach bag on the bed. She takes a clean pair of shorts, a T-shirt and fresh underwear from it and places it on the bed. She heads for the bathroom and when she reaches the door she looks at me over her shoulder. "Aren't you going to join me?" she invites.

"Silly question!" I reply and pull my T-shirt over my head. I take her by the hand and lead her into the bathroom. I take her into my arms, give her a bear hug and kiss her passionately. My hand moves lightly over her back and in a swift movement I undo her bikini top. She leans back, takes off the top and tosses it into the corner of the bathroom. Her magnificent breasts are standing proudly away from her body, totally defying gravity. The sight of those large dark brown nipples causes a familiar stirring in my underpants. I lean forward and my lips close around her left nipple. I gently suck on it and I can hear her breathing become more ragged. Her nipple hardens between my lips. Then I let go and lean back slightly to savor the sight of those puppies again. Her left nipple is now much smaller and harder than the right one, the areola darker and shriveled. I feel my hard-on straining against my shorts.

My hands slide down her sides. I slip my fingers into the sides of her shorts and push it together with her bikini bottoms over her thighs. It drops down and ends up in a heap around her ankles. She steps out of it and kicks it into the corner towards the top.

I turn her around so that I stand behind her. My right hand glides over her flat tummy until it reaches the short, trimmed blonde triangle her pubic hair above her slit. I kiss her gently in the nape of the neck while my middle finger briefly teases her clit before it disappears into her slick slit of her cunt.

"Whoa, Cowboy!" she whispers as she pulls away from me. "There's ample time. Let's have that shower first."

"OK, you win..." I reply and proceed to open the taps of the shower. I take off my shorts and underpants while she adjusts the taps. When she is happy with the temperature I step into the shower with my raging hard-on pointing the way. 

"Wow, but you ARE glad to see me!" she teases.

"Always..." I reply and take the soap and start soaping her breasts. I can see that she is enjoying it. Her right hand folds around my erection while her other hand reaches for a bar of soap. She washes my cock and balls thoroughly until it is white with foam. She puts the soap back in the bowl and proceeds to jerk me off slowly and rhythmically while I soap her back. My hands move lower down and I soap her cute ass. I move my hand in between her legs from behind and start to wash her plump pussy.

"Not too much soap..." she cautions. I rinse her cunt and let my middle finger tease her clit. The increasing rhythm of her hand pumping my hard cock tells me that she enjoys it. I slip two fingers into her wet cunt and finger her gently. She responds by pumping away at my dick with so much gusto that I now have to ask her to slow down! I don't want to cum just yet...

"Hey, we have all night, girl! Take it easy..." 

She slows down and I push her away gently. We finish our shower and after we toweled each other, she sits in front of the dressing table and starts to blow dry her hair, still buck naked of course! I decide to go and fix us some drinks.

She finishes drying her hair and come and sits next to me on the bed. We enjoy what is left of the sunset through the sliding door leading out of the bedroom onto the balcony while sipping on our drinks. It is beginning to get dark.

We finish our drinks and I pull her down on the bed next to me. I kiss her and her tongue darts into my mouth. She throws her naked thigh over my hip. My fingers glide over her firm buttocks and make their way in between her thighs. I spread her pussy lips and stroke her clit lightly with my middle finger. I feel her fingers wrapping around my hard dick. My finger slips effortlessly into her sopping wet pussy. She groans. I tease her with my fingers and her breathing accelerates as does the pumping action of her hand on my dick.

I turn her onto her back and kneel over her head. I lean forward into the 69 position en she spreads her legs in anticipation. Her hand closes around my dick and then I feel that wet, warm sensation as the head of my dick disappears into her mouth. I stare with fascination at the pink glistening wet folds of her cunt inches away from my face as she sucks hungrily on my dick. Her pussy is clean shaven except for the short triangular patch of blonde hair above her clit.

I lean forward and my tongue disappears between her pussy lips. She gasps and I start licking her cunt with long, deep strokes. Her lower body begins to squirm and she moans, still sucking enthusiastically on my dick. Then I notice the tell-tale quivering of her hips. She is going to come any minute. I get up and lie next to her. I take her head between my hands and look into her eyes.

'Are you horny?' I whisper into her ear.

'Very…' she replies.

'How horny?' I tease her.

'So horny that I want to feel you deep inside me right away…' she says.

'Do you want me to fuck you?' I ask.

'Yes!' she replies eagerly.

'Say it!' I encourage her.

'Please fuck me now..!' she whispers.

I roll onto her and position myself between her legs. My dick automatically finds its way to the entrance of her slick pussy. I slide my dickhead up and down between the slippery folds of her cunt without penetrating her.

"Please… Do it!" she urges me on, impatiently. She starts to hump my dick with her pussy. I push forward with a swift movement of my hips and my dick disappears into the soft, wet, velvety folds of her cunt. She groans loudly, her fingernails biting into my back. I fuck her slowly with a few long, deep strokes which she meets enthusiastically with a rocking motion of her hips. 

Then I stop.

"What's wrong..?" she asks, sounding quite irritated by the interruption.

"What would you do if I told you there is someone else in the apartment? Can I invite him to join us?" I whisper in her ear.

"What?!" She stiffens. "You can't be serious?" she replies. "Who is it?"

"It is a surprise. He is inside the built-in wardrobe and can see everything we are doing through the louvre doors. But don't panic! He will only come out if you invite him" I explain.

"I don't believe you!" she replies.

"Well? Your call… Are you going to invite him in or not? You decide." I tempt her. "Or are two guys a bit much for you?"

"And if I say it is OK, what then?" she asks, obviously not sure of what to make of the situation.

"Then you effectively give him permission to do anything to you that I do." I explain.

"And you wouldn't mind?" she asks, still very uncertain.

"As long as it happens under my supervision and with my consent I don't have a problem with it." I reassure her. "But the important thing is that you must be OK with it"

"I must say, it all sounds very exciting!" she says. "But first I have to know who it is."

"But that would ruin the surprise." I explain.

"In which wardrobe is he?" she asks.

"That one." I point to a cupboard door. She gets up, walks to the cupboard and opens the door. There is no-one inside.

"You dog! You lied to me!" she laughs.

"Don't look so disappointed now!" I tease her. "What would you have done if there was someone in there anyway?"

"I'm not sure…" she replies.

"Would you have allowed him to have sex with you?" I ask her.

"Mmmm… I don't know. If I was happy with whom it was and you were OK with it, then maybe. I was incredibly hot at that stage!" she says.

"Ever fantasized about sex with more than one guy?" I push the topic.

"Well, to be honest, yes." she replies. "Just as men often fantasize about having sex with more than one woman."

"And if I suggested that we arrange something like that? Would you go along with it?" I tempt her. 

"Geez, I don't know. With who? Where? How?" she replies.

"We can discuss it. We mutually select a guy and then approach him." I suggest.

"Yeah, right! As in 'Hi Sir! My girlfriend would like to hop into the sack with you! When will suit you?' I don't think that will work, dear..." she replies sarcastically.

"Got any better suggestions?" I reply.

"So it has to be someone that we both know?" she asks. 

"Not necessarily. Why?"

"I don't know if I can have sex with someone who is just a friend. That would be very awkward. And what would he think of me? No, I don't think I'll be able to do it." she replies firmly.

"I suppose you're right. But how about with a total stranger?" I suggest.

"And how are you going to arrange that? Approach a bum on the street?" she asks.

"I have many friends whom you do not know…" I counter, trying to salvage the situation.

"And how do I look him in the eye after we've had our bit of fun?" The idea seems more and more impossible. Then it hits me!

"Beautiful! You're brilliant!" I say and give her a kiss.

"You're mad! What on earth are you talking about?" she asks with a puzzled expression.

"It's perfect! You won't HAVE to look him in the eye! We'll blindfold you and you will never know who it was." I explain.

"Now you've really lost it!" she says and stares at me in disbelief.

"No! Just think about it. You don't see him and he does not see your face. Nobody knows that we have a relationship. Should the two of you run into each other afterwards, neither of you will recognize the other! Isn't it brilliant?"

"You're a very sick man…" she says. "And what do you intend using for a blindfold so that he can't see my face? A pillow case?"

"Let's see…" I reply, scanning the room. Then my eye catches my old bowling ball in its black velvet bag on a chair in the corner. "Got it! We can use that bag." I jump up, take the ball out and show her the bag. It closes with a drawstring.

"Come! Be a devil! Let's try it out." I encourage her.

"You really are mad!" she says, but does not protest as I pull the bag over her head. I draw the string so that the bag closes lightly around her neck. It is a perfect fit!

"Can you see through it?" I ask.

"Not at all. But I can't breathe in this thing. I'll suffocate!" she replies.

"No prob! Let me fix that." I reply. I take a pair of scissors from the bedside drawer. I pull the bag slightly away from her face and cut a hole in the bag directly over her mouth. "There. Better?"

"Much better!" she replies. "I wonder what it would be like to have sex with something like this over one's head. Can I take it off now?"

"Wait. You don't have to wonder. Now's you chance!" I say and pull her down next to me. I kiss her in the nape of the neck I pull away from her, not touching her at all. I let my head hover over her left breast. She sighs in anticipation. Then my lips close around her nipple, no other body parts touching. She gasps and I can feel her trembling with excitement. I drop my hand on her pussy. Another gasp and her lower body jerks, signaling that she was not expecting my touch. She opens her legs to allow me better access, her hands clenched into fists by her sides. She is sopping wet! I slip two fingers effortlessly into her hungry hole. She groans and squirms. I finger her deep and hard for a while and then position myself in the 69 position over her. I lower my head and gently tease her clit with the tip of my tongue. Her hand wraps around my hard pole and then I feel the velvet of the bag brush against my dick head. Surely she is not going to…? She is! She's going to blow me through the hole in the bag! I push forward and feel my dick getting engulfed by her wet, warm mouth. I almost come right there and then! I slowly fuck her face while eating hungrily at her pussy.

Then, realizing that we are both rapidly approaching orgasms, I withdraw my dick from her mouth. 'Get on your hands and knees.' I whisper. I position myself on my knees behind her, admiring the soft curves of her tight behind. I slip my hard cock effortlessly into her wet, warm pussy. She groans and I lean forward, taking those two full, firm breasts in my hands. I fuck her with slow long, deep strokes while gently tugging on her hard nipples. I pick up the pace and fuck her harder and deeper until my full balls slap against her clit on every downstroke. I can tell that she loves it! I feel the tension building up in my balls and realize that I will not be able to last much longer. From the light tremors in her hips I can tell that she is also on the verge of an orgasm. I fuck her as hard and as fast as I can. She screams and her body shudders before she explodes into the rhythmic spasms of a mighty orgasm. She bucks like a wild horse and I have great difficulty keeping my dick inside her cunt. I grab her by the hips and ram my dick all the way up her cunt. I shoot my load and bathe her cervix with stream after stream of hot cum. Then I collapse on top of her, totally spent.

I roll off her and lie behind her back, holding her in my arms. I untie the drawstring and remove the bag from her head.

'Wow! That was incredible!' she says with a sigh. 'I must say the bag makes quite a difference. If you don't see your partner, you have no idea what to expect or what he is going to do next. Amazing…'

'Maybe we should use it more in future.' I propose. 'Can you imagine what it would be like if we involve a third party? Then you won't have any idea of who is doing what to you.' 

'I must admit that it sounds very exciting!' she agrees. 'But it still remains the impossible dream…'

'Hey, trust me! It doesn't have to be impossible. Leave it to me. Shall I go ahead and arrange something?' I push the issue.

'I don't know… I don't want to agree to something if I am not sure that I can go through with it. Let's wait and see.' she takes the easy way out.

We laze through the rest of the evening and she departs. I go to bed but cannot sleep. My mind won't switch off. I simply have to arrange something, but how? Where am I going to find a suitable third party?

PART 2

Weeks go by and then one day, out of the blue, I find the solution to my problem. A friend of mine phones me and tells me that he is coming to Cape Town for a seminar and would like to see me. We went to university together and have not seen each other for many years. We arrange to meet for lunch at a restaurant at the Water Front. 

We chat about the good old varsity days over lunch. Jason does not look a day older – a handsome, well built hunk He is also still single.

'So what are we going to do this evening?' he enquires. 'Surely you are going to introduce me to one of you sexy students?' he says with a wink.

'Now let's see… If a sexy student is what you're after, I'm afraid we're going to have to share one.' I say, eager to see his reaction.

'Come again? What do you mean by share?' he asks with a puzzled look on his face. All of a sudden I'm not so sure if I'm doing the right thing, but decide to go through with it anyway.

'You see, I have this thing going with one of my students. She is quite adventurous and we share this fantasy of inviting a third party into our bed. We've never done anything like that before so this will be a first. Are you interested?' I put the ball in his court.

'Well, well! You wily old fox! Just as full of surprises as always, huh? Tell me more!' he says, looking very keen.

I explain the whole situation to him, also about the blindfold.

'And you? You don't have a problem with me getting involved with your lady?' he asks cautiously.

'Hey, would I have invited you if I had a problem with it?' I put him at ease.

'My friend, it is actually quite simple. You may only do what she allows you to do. In other words, what she is comfortable with. If she does not like what you're doing, you stop immediately, OK?' I explain. 'Oh, and one other thing. No talking! I don't want her to hear a voice which she may recognize in future.'

'One hundred percent! I can't wait! See you at six o'clock'

After lunch I phone Marion and arrange to meet her at my apartment at seven. Of course I do not mention anything about Jason or what I have planned.

Jason arrives at my place at 6 o'clock. We have a few drinks to kill time and to get us relaxed.

Eventually I see Marion's Cabriolet driving down the road in the direction of my apartment. Jason rushes into the bathroom and emerges wearing on a towel around his waist, his clothes folded over one arm. He winks at me while getting into the louvre door cupboard, drawing the door closed behind him.

The doorbell rings and I invite Marion inside. I lock the door behind us. 'Hey, what's with all the dirty glasses? Who have you been partying with?' she asks.

'Ol' John McFarlane popped in and we had a couple of toots.' I lie. 'Can I get you a drink?'

'No thanks.' She replies. 'Sharon and I had a drink at O'Mally's after squash this afternoon. I'm still OK.'

I lead her into the bedroom and we sit on the bed. She looks stunning in her white skirt and pink sleeveless top. I notice that she is not wearing a bra. I pull her down next to me and the smell of her freshly washed hair intoxicates me. 

'And this…?' she asks as she sees the the black velvet bag with the hole in lying on the bedside cabinet.
