 It had been a long day. I had showed up late to my first class of the day in my final month of being a college Freshman, tripped coming in the door, and landed right at my calculus professors feet. Naturally, not a single person missed the incident, or my professor sarcastically suggesting I would see better from a chair.

And that was just the start.

After my second class I had gone to grab some lunch in the common building when I, you guessed it, tripped carrying my food and once more landed on my face. This time in the middle of cafeteria. To my great surprise I had looked up to see a hand reaching to help me. I grabbed it without first looking at the body it was attached to. Big mistake. It was John Altman, the senior who'd taken great advantage of my clumsiness to amuse himself and his gang of friends.

Still holding his hand, I was pulled directly into the middle of the gang, all of whom were busy commenting on my 'natural grace'. I barely managed to shake them off and get to my afternoon economics class on time. This time making sure to watch my step as I walked in and took my seat.

The rest of the day passed without any significant occurrence except John (who was re-taking first year economics, go figure) faking a fall when he came into the class, and giving me a less-than subtle wink.

Sitting in economics I berated myself for being so clumsy. It wasn't my fault really. Despite being 5"4', which is quite short for a guy, I'd recently gone through a (very late) growth spurt which had finally put me over five feet. I'd been ecstatic when I started growing again, only to stop where I was. Oh well. I figured I was still decently good looking. Sure I'm a little pale, but who in college isn't? And I thought my slightly long brown hair and green eyes were a nice combination. If I only could find a girl who agreed on that.

My thoughts were rudely interrupted by everyone suddenly getting up and starting to leave. Shit! Had I missed the whole lecture? I quickly packed up my things and headed to the Grayson library, which was my favorite place to study. I would have some catching up to do.

I studied in the library for a couple hours until I thought I'd caught up with how far the lecture should have gotten. Besides, it was just before four and if I wanted to make it home on the bus in order to have supper at a decent time I would have to leave soon. I started walking to the bus stop and took a shortcut through the phys-ed building as I was risking being late for my bus.

As I was coming around one of the corners I ran smack dab into Adam, who was with John and the rest of the gang. The force of the unexpected collision sent me reeling, and as I fell my foot caught and twisted me onto my face as I fell. Hitting the ground I let out what was in retrospect a slightly feminine grunt.

"Whoa! Are you alright there lady? I didn't see you coming!"

Lady?! What the heck was he talking about? I turned myself around and looked up at him as he reached out his hand to help me up. He froze halfway with a stupid look on his face that quickly turned into laughter.

"It's Sam!" John shrieked, struggling to control his laughter. "Jesus we thought you were a girl!"

I picked myself up and starting walking briskly down the hall, aware I was blushing madly.

"Aww John, you made the little girl run away!" I heard one of his cronies say, and decided to pick up the pace slightly. I had almost made it to the end of the hall when I felt one of their massive arms (oh did I mention they were football players?) reach around me and pick me up, my legs flailing madly.

"Put me down!" I demanded. "Please!"

"Hey don't worry little lady, we're just helping you on your way" the voice replied. "Don't worry, the change room is just over here."

I stopped struggling for a moment as I contemplated what he said for a moment. "But the change rooms are on the other side of the buil-" I tried to say, but was cut off as I realized I had been maneuvered directly in front of the womens change room.

"Here you are!" He announced proudly, and holding the door for me he gave me a solid shove in.

I picked myself up once more and hurled around, only to see the door had swung shut behind me. I ran up and tried to push it open, but to no avail. They were blocking the door from opening, and I could hear them killing themselves laughing through the wall.

Realizing my situation, I quickly looked around the room. Thankfully there was no one inside at the moment, although I could see random articles of clothing and shoes scattered around the place. One backpack in particular caught my eye as I noticed the shiny bejeweled cat sticking just out of a locker door. It was my roommate Janelle's. Just then I heard a female voice on the other side of the door, playfully asking the guys what was going on. Then more female voices joined in.

"Dammit!" I swore, realizing what was happening. Janelle was on the cheer team, and they had probably been practicing at the same time as the football team, and were headed back to the lockers!

I looked around, searching for somewhere to hide. My eyes caught on a floor to ceiling locker right at the back corner of the square. Quickly, and aware of my small size, I dashed into it and closed the door just as the girls barged in.

The next five minutes were straight out of almost every guys' fantasy. The girls stripped off their skirts and tank-tops. I couldn't help myself from staring as they bent over.

One by one they started heading into the showers. I would have used the opportunity to make a break for the door, if it weren't for three girls who I hadn't met yet who had stood back by the lockers talking in their underwear.

I cursed silently. My nose was starting to itch but I didn't dare try and scratch for fear of making a sound.

The cheerleaders started returning from their showers, with a few of them even changing naked right in front of me! I felt so dirty watching them like this, but couldn't help myself from getting turned on.

I was busy watching one particularly shapely girl in the far corner slowly put on her thong while having a conversation with her friend - both of whom were bare-chested, when a girl right in front of my started spraying hairspray.

"ACHOOOO!" I sneezed, loud enough to wake the dead.

Everyone in the room froze and looked over at my corner where the locker door had burst open and I had half fallen out.

"What the FUCK!" One of them yelled, and instantly they grabbed me and pushed me up against the lockers. I whimpered quietly and shrank down. Begging them to let me go.

"What the heck were you doing in here?" The one holding me yelled. "If you can read you'd see the sign on the damn door - it says girls only!"

"I.. I -" I stammered. Unable to get a comprehensible word out.

"Well? What is it?" She looked around at the group of friends. "Are you a girl?"

"Uhh..." I stammered once more.

Without waiting for a full response I felt someone's hand at my waist and before I knew it my pants were on the floor leaving me standing there in my briefs.

Immediately they all started laughing. I stared at of them uncomprehendingly. Slowly I looked down and realized what they were laughing at.

The white underwear I had thrown on this morning in my rush out the door weren't in fact my briefs, they were a pair of Janelle's panties, completely with a little pink ribbon on the front.

The two girls holding my arms pushed me and turned me around and the laughing intensified. I looked back struggling to see what they were laughing at. My heart sank as I saw my reflection in the mirror. Boldly written on my bum, in pink, was the word "bitch" in cursive letters.

I bowed my head and shame and felt the blushing intensify. God how much could a person blush? I felt like my face was on fire.

"Well maybe you are a little girl after all!" Announced the girl who had yelled at me initially. "Well put your clothes back on then!"

I started reaching down to pick up my pants when four hands grabbed me and yanked my shirt over my head.

"Not those clothes silly, your uniform!" 

I looked around, confused, until someone threw a bundle of clothes at me. A cheerleaders uniform.

Standing there in my panties I realized I didn't have a whole lot of bargaining power in the half circle of cheerleaders, some of whom had forgotten that they weren't fully clothed and were standing there with their arms crossed under their breasts. Realizing that they had noticed I was staring I quickly did the only thing I could do to diffuse the situation. I started putting on the uniform.

I started with the easiest thing, which was the skirt and slid it up to my waist. Noticing that it did little to cover very much. I then started untangling the tank top when someone thrust something else into my hand. Don't forget your bra!

Keeping my head down I slid it on and started fumbling for the clasp at my back. Seeing my trouble one of the girls tightened it and I let out a little gasp, which set off another round of chuckling.

I finished the getup by pulling on the tank top and pulling up the knee-high socks I'd been giving.

I looked up sheepishly at the girl who was in charge, when a few girls started laughing and pointing at my skirt. Looking down I realized the boner that had gone away in the panic of being caught had returned with full force, and was now tenting the front of my skirt. Finally aware that I was wearing panties and bra underneath the uniform I couldn't help but feel turned on. Was that weird? I thought, but was interrupt by the head cheerleader.

"Well I'll be! It looks like he liked being a little girl! Show him how he looks girls."

I was pushed up in front of the mirror and was shocked at my appearance. Turning slightly to check out my side profile I realized I made a pretty good looking cheerleader! (Skirt-tent aside).

I felt a hand pinch my but and turned around only to find myself in front of the tallest girl on the team. Looking me up and down she put her hand on my shoulder and pushed my downwards with surprising force as she sat on the bench behind her. Spreading her legs she announced in a strange accent "it looks like our little girl is hungry! Perhaps she should eat out."

I gave an unbelieving stare around the room. What the heck was happening? Looking back at her, I saw a wet spot in the front of her thong. It was all I needed to see.

I crawled the last foot to the bench, pulled down her underwear, and started licking her already wet pussy. My only previous girlfriend had made me practice going down on her until she came, and so within just a minute or two the girl was moaning loudly and squeezing my hips with her strong thighs. Just as she started to cum her thighs gripped my head tightly and I found myself stuck in her groin.

"What the hell is going on?" I heard a familiar voice behind me. "And who the hell is wearing my underwear?"

I struggled to free myself from the still convulsing legs of the girl, and turned around. Knowing full well that Janelle was standing behind me, having finished with her shower and come out fully dressed.

I looked her in the eyes, aware that the girls juices were dripping down my chin and onto my uniform. We stared at each other for what felt like forever before she told me to get up in an odd voice.

"We're going." She announced, and grabbed my hand. Looking around as she pulled me towards the door I'll never forget the circle of girls standing around the girl on the bench and whose shirt had been pulled down to reveal two perky nipples. Sitting there with a look of bliss on her face while several of the other girls had their hands down the front of their underwear.

We were halfway home on the bus when I realized through me shame that I was still dressed like a cheerleader. Panicked, I looked around and realized that no-one was staring. Was I really such a convincing girl?

We walked in the door of our apartment and Janelle turned to me.

"What did I just see?" She asked, shaking her head. "And why are you wearing my panties, and... and a cheerleading uniform!" She asked, uncomprehending.

"Well.. I was in a rush and I must have grabbed them! Oh my god I'm so sorry I can't believe this myself!" I was finally able to say, aware that this was my first full sentence since I'd been locked in the locker room.

"Wha-?" She started to say, stopping herself. "No you can explain later. I don't even want to hear it. Don't let me see you again tonight."

I nodded, blushing again, and turned to go to my room. Halfway there I heard Jenna clear her throat. "Aren't you missing something there girly?"

I turned and looked at her, not understanding until I saw her eyes flash down to my skirt.

"Oh uh yea..." I stammered, and slid down Janelle's panties. I held them out to her. Taking them, she gave me a slight nod as she checked me out once more. As I turned into my room and closed the door I thought I saw a hint of a smile on her face as she stood in the middle of the room staring at her panties.

=========================

A week passed and neither me nor Janelle said another word about my incident in the changing room, except for when she caught me sneaking to lay the uniform and bra I had "borrowed" in front of her door. I ran back to my room and thought I heard her chuckling as she took the clothes into her room and closed the door.

I had skipped a few of my classes out of humiliation for what happened, and made a point of sitting at the back even when I was there. All week, I silently prayed that nobody had seen me walking around campus and on the bus in a cheerleaders costume. But no-one had. In fact, nobody was talking about it at all, although this didn't really surprise me. Were the cheerleaders going to go around telling people they crossdressed a boy in the change room and made him go down on a girl while they watched?

Nope. I figured my secret was safe. That is, until Friday rolled around.

It had been an unremarkable day, which wasn't saying much. I had largely avoided all human contact, and thankfully the football team was gone all week at games around the state. I had tried not to think of the incident, but despite that I'd had to cover up a few boners as my thoughts drifted back to wearing the cheerleader outfit... I made a damn hot girl...

Getting home, I found myself thinking about it again and wandered into my room. I wasn't in there long though when a knock sounded on my door and I heard Janelle ask "Can I come in?" 

"Sure" I replied.

"I'm going to a party" she said, walking in and sitting beside me on my bed. "It's a bit of a girl's night in."

"Oh, that's good. What's the occasion?"

"Tiffany's been planning the party for a while now. It's a passion party."

"Oookay" I said, nodding. I had no idea what a passion party was. "Who's Tiffany?"

"She's one of the cheerleaders." Janelle replied, matter of factly.

"Oh..." I replied, my facing quickly turning red. "I see."

"Yea. She uh. She was wondering if you wanted to come?"

"What?!" I blurted out. "Why does she want me there? I thought they'd all be furious at me."

"Well, she wasn't actually the only one who asked if you could come." She answered. "And Jenny talked to her boyfriend, John, and found out why you were in the locker room in the first place."

"Oh shit" I shouted. "Don't tell me John knows what happened?"

"Oh no, of course not, John was pretty proud of himself. He thought you had hidden in a stall. She let him believe that."

"Oh thank god." I sighed "I never would have lived that down."

"Anyways" she said, standing up to leave the room. "You should come, it'll be fun!"

"For sure!" I replied. Not quite sure what I was getting myself into. But I figured the worst that could happen would be that I find myself in a room full of hot cheerleaders.

=======================

An hour later Janelle knocked on my door again. "Are you ready to go?" She asked, opening it.

"Yup!" I stated, getting up from my desk and walking towards the door.

"Uhh... Sam." She asked quizzically.

"Yea?"

"You do realize I said it was a girls night in, right?" Just then the full meaning of what she said came back to me, but as I looked at Janelle I saw a mischievous smile on her face. "We thought you made such a good little girl last time it'd be a shame not to invite you out!"

My mouth dropped open, but I didn't get a chance to reply as Janelle shoved a bundle of clothes into my hands. 

"Here, put these on." She instructed, placing her hands on her hips and looking at me expectantly.

Stunned, I agreed, going to close my door so I could change when I realized Janelle was blocking it.

"Uh, can I change?" I asked.

"Yep!" She replied in a chipper voice. "I just figured I missed the show the other day and want to see it for myself."

I stared at her, trying to decide if she was serious. I mean... I suppose it wasn't that crazy. She was a girl, and she was hot with strawberry-blonde hair running down to her shoulders, C cup breasts, and a petite waist. Plus, most guys would give anything to have a girl demanding to see them naked.

Slowly I removed my clothes, hesitating for a moment before pulling off my briefs and revealing my solid, throbbing dick. Quickly, before Janelle could say anything I reached down and unfolded the leopard print thong with frilly pink lace around the edges on the top of the pile. Without waiting I slid it on, and let out an unintentional moan when I felt the string slide in between my cheeks. Looking up, I saw that Janelle was thoroughly enjoying the show.

Next I reached down and found a bundle of lace, straps, and very light fabric. After flipping it around in my hands a couple times I looked quizzically at Janelle.

"Those are tights and a garter silly! The tights are going to make your legs look pretty, and the garter will hold them up under your skirt."

I gulped at the mention of another skirt. Janelle's smile only widened.

"Here, sit on the bed." She instructed.

I hesitated. Did I really want to dress like this in front of people? Does this make me gay?

My thoughts were cut short as Janelle suddenly grabbed my dick, which was sticking over top of my thong which only managed to cup my balls. I was amazed at how strong her grip was.

"Sit." She ordered.

I complied. You don't fight with a woman holding your junk.

"Leg up" She instructed, and slowly slid the tights up my legs until the tops were around my thighs, with a weird little rubbery surface on the inside holding them up.

"Stand up and we'll put the belt on."

I stood up and she put the belt around me, stopping to do up the clasps in the back. Then she pulled the straps hanging off of it down and clipped them onto the tops of my tights.

"And I think you know the rest" she stated, backing away.

I indeed did know the rest as I picked up the skirt and slid it on. Next up was the bra, which Janelle proudly informed me was a training bra and would give me the appearance of a bit of cleavage. It was a little leopard print ordeal, with pink lace around the edges and the middle.

After having Janelle help me once more with the clasp I put on the white tank top, which only came down to around my belly, leaving my midsection exposed.

Lastly, Janelle sat me back down on the bed and pulled out a little bit of makeup. I started to protest but she quickly quieted me by reaching down into my shirt, under my bra, and squeezing my nipple. 

I moaned like a little bitch, surprising even myself.

"See? You're just a little bitch on the inside. Now, let me put your makeup on."

I stopped protesting and sat there sullenly while she applied stuff to my face, my lips, and my eyes. Where the heck had that come from, and how did it feel so good? I wondered. Nobody had ever done that to me before.
