 I think everyone feels their lives are normal and no one pays much mind to what normal even is these days, but this past summer took normal to a whole new level for me. I never imagined a life like this, not in a million years, but after living it, I wouldn't trade it for the world. I better explain a few things to you and then you'll know what I mean. I'll start off with who I am and the other two people who changed my life and then tell you our story. 

My name is Leah and I'm thirty four years old. I've been divorced for four years. I am five foot seven and in great shape. I have long blonde hair to the middle of my back, not natural, so sue me. I have light, blue eyes and full, pouting lips. If I had to say I looked like someone famous, I'd say it was Charlize Theron. The big difference between her and I, is that my tits are bigger and real, a nice C cup to be specific and they are capped with dollar sized aureola and nipples in a dark pink. I have a great body, because I dance very regularly. 

I'm a stripper, or exotic dancer as I prefer. My ass is firm and tight and my legs are long and smooth. Because of my profession, my pubic hair is gone as well, leaving me nice and clean looking. I like to dance and doing it for a living is a nice way to have fun and get paid very well to boot. I live a good lifestyle and don't drink very much and only smoke the good herb. I don't do any other drugs and don't like those who do. My stage name is Synthia, and most men do that, want to commit sins with me. I love the tease and do my best to give them their money's worth. One rule I always followed, never date a customer.

The second person I want to introduce you to is Brian. He is forty two and six feet tall with short, light, brown hair. He has a great body from working out regularly, but not muscle bound. His eyes are deep blue and a smile to melt your heart. He is divorced and has a twelve yr. old son, who he adores. His physical attributes include a nice eight inch cock that never seems to stop pleasing, and fingers and tongue that drive me wild with pleasure. He is a very talented man with his hands in other ways as well. He renovates houses and old cars, one of which he's doing for me. A beautiful 57 T-Bird, done in champagne pink.

The third person to make my summer wonderful is Megan. She is thirty four and about the same height as me, give or take. She has long, wavy, chocolate brown hair and eyes to match. She is slimmer than me and has perky, B cup tits with light, brown aureola and nipples. Her nipples are much larger than mine. They grow to the thickness of pinky fingers and at least an inch long. Her hips are womanly wide from two kids, and her legs are long and slender. The firmness of her ass has diminished somewhat, but still feminine and sexy. She too has a wonderful smile that melts your heart and mine was melted soon after I met her.

Let me give you a bit of history how we all met, then I'll tell you how we came together.

I was dancing the early shift one hot summer day two years ago, a Tuesday to be exact, when I saw a guy walk in half way through my second song. I watched him find a table not far from the stage and sit down. He ordered a drink and turned his attention to me. The first thing I noticed were his eyes. They seemed to be staring a hole into my soul. As soon as he saw me look into his eyes, he smiled warmly at me and I knew I wanted to meet him as soon as I was done. I finished my second dance and picked up my bra and shorts. I got my blanket and removed my G-string. I spread my blanket as close to the end of the stage nearest him and waited for the last song to start. 

I sat down and looked at him briefly as the song began and then went into my routine. I like to move as sensuously as I can and tease the guys with a peek at my pussy and then run my fingers over my lips seductively. Even though the other men were appreciative of what I was doing, I was really doing my act for this handsome stranger before me. He looked at me with a smile on his face and interest in his eyes. I felt like giving him a good show and looked at his eyes as I danced. He watched with rapt interest and didn't look away the whole dance. I finished to a big applause and left the stage. 

After changing back to a G-string and scanty top, I went onto the floor to meet him. I went towards the table he was at and he was gone. My heart sank somewhat and I wondered why I felt that way. He was just another customer, but I wanted to spend time with him and hopefully do some dances for him in private. I walked around and had a few guys ask me to sit and drink with them, but I've met them and know they're just looking for a feel and chance to bed me. I had just sat down with an older gentleman, around fifty, and we had ordered drinks, when I saw him return. Damn, he had gone to the washroom. I should have waited. The man asked me to do some dances for him, and as that's my business, I went to the lounge in back. 

As I passed, I caught my man's eye and leaned in to tell him not to leave, that I'd come back and sit with him when I was finished. I did three dances and thanked the old guy. He was a nice guy really and enjoyed looking at me. He never tried to molest me like the young guys did and I was grateful. I quickly left and went back on the floor to meet this handsome stranger. 

I saw him playing with his glass, not really drinking or paying attention to anything. Even the dancer on stage never got his attention and she was a hottie. I knew she was, because we had done some dances together on stage, pretending we were doing each other and more than once I wished it was for real. I might fantasize, but I don't do it with women, though she would be an exception to the rule. I walked up slowly to him, taking in his features and admired the way he looked. He had the kind of looks I was attracted to in a guy. I stood beside him and gave him my warmest smile.

"Hi, mind if I join you?"

He looked up at me and his face broke into that heart-melting smile of his. 

"Hi. A pleasure."

He actually stood and held a chair for me. Holy Shit, a gentleman! I sat and thanked him and asked how things were going. 

"I was just heading home and felt like having a beer after work and this was on the way."

I was glad he did, he was just the type of guy I wanted to meet.

To get right to it, we spent the rest of my shift talking and I even did a couple of freebie dances for him. I really liked him and could tell he liked me too. As I said before, I don't date customers as a rule, but I hoped he would ask me out before he became one. A customer is a guy who comes in regularly, not a one time thing. 

"What are you doing after work?"

"I'm going home to open a frozen something and watch TV."

I saw him look away and ponder something and then he asked me the usual question I get and this time I considered it.

"Would you like me to drive you home?" and then quickly added, How would like to join me for dinner at my place?"

He was going to COOK. Handsome, polite, cooks, single, what more could I ask for other than hopes he was good in bed too! Of course I said yes.

We drove to my place and I changed clothes and hurried back to his car. We went back to his house, which to me was spectacular because he does amazing things, and he cooked me a fabulous dinner. We spent the night talking, something I never get a chance to do, because most guys just want to fuck me and say bye, and got to know each other. It was two in the morning when he drove me home and when we stopped at my place, he very sweetly gave me a kiss and asked when we could see each other again. I said anytime was good with me and gave him my number. 

From that moment on, we became a couple and I've never looked back or regretted one moment together. The first time we made love was our third date and he was great. He brought me to orgasm four times, once a G-spot orgasm that soaked us and everything, and I sucked and fucked him until he came, moaning and groaning, into my pussy.

We made love often and explored our sexual desires and talked about our fantasies. I felt so comfortable being with him and didn't mind telling him my deepest desires.

After a year of dating, we finally decided to get away and go camping. Yes, camping. We both love the outdoors and roughing it, more or less, gave us the time to be alone and enjoy it. This is where I'll begin my story.

We had left on a Thursday afternoon and drove to this wonderful campground about an hour or so from Brian's house. We pitched our tent and got the sleeping bags and air mattress up and prepped the rest of our site. There weren't many people there yet, so we had a chance to explore and use the facilities without the usual crowds. I actually lay topless and tanned out the white areas on my tits and back. We cooked up a great dinner and drank some nice wine and smoked a doobie after we got a fire going.

Around eleven pm., we headed into the tent and I got undressed and then undressed Brian. I laid him back on the bed and turned on my dance tape to my slow song. I love teasing him that way and by the time I was half way through, I could see his erection standing out for me. I ran my hands down my tits and caressed my nipples, making them nice and hard, and played with them, while I swayed my hips seductively. I moved so I was straddling him and smoothed my hands down over my belly and back around over my ass. He watched my hands as if they were magic. I brought them around to the front and caressed down my thighs and as I did, I squatted and brought my pussy close to his face. I ran my fingers over my mound and played with it. 

"Like it, Baby? Like when I touch my pretty pussy like this?"

I watched his eyes and he watched my hands as I ran my middle finger between my lips and got it wet. I took my finger and slowly licked it clean and then pressed it in again. I slowly worked it in and sunk it all the way in. I slowly brought it out and brought it to his lips. Brian opened his mouth and I ran my finger over his tongue, wiping my liquid honey on it. He closed his mouth and sucked my finger clean. It is such a sensual feeling when someone sucks your finger, that I felt myself get wetter. I shifted so my pussy came within a couple of inches from his face and spread my lips wide.

"Tastes as good as it looks you know. Maybe you'd like it wetter?"

I think most women would agree that being a slut with the man you love is such a turn-on. I was so slutty at that point. I played my fingers over my clit and pulled back the hood, making it pop out, erect and stiff. I looked into his eyes and then at my pussy as I slowly and lightly circled my clit. Even in the dim light of the tent, it was shining wet and the aroma of my sex was filling the air. Brian is like me when it comes to sex. 

We believe all the senses need to be stimulated and I was doing everything to bring every one of them in to play. It's so nice to be able to have fun like this and not have to speak, that your partner knows what you're thinking and responds the way you want him to. I slid my finger in deep again and played with myself, getting wetter. I brought it out and then introduced a second finger. I slid them in and stroked myself slowly as I rubbed my clit with my left hand. 

My nipples grew erect and stiff as I became aroused and Brian was looking closely at me, watching me turn myself, and of course him, on. I spread my lips wide and pushed my pelvis forward so my pussy just barely touched his mouth and Brian knew what I was looking for. His tongue came out and darted in to my slippery hole and lapped at me, licking out my savory juice. 

I moaned and my head went back as I felt his tongue snake around inside and then with a broad, flat tongue, he lapped up my slit and then stopped just short of my clit. For a second, that seemed like forever, he waited and then quickly flicked his tongue over my clit and I felt sparks go off through my body. I loved how he used his tongue in different ways on my pussy. He went back in and proceeded to do it again and again. I felt myself shudder every time his tongue hit my clit and then he sucked it in his mouth and licked me. I couldn't hold back anymore and spasmed into orgasm, sending a torrent of cum into his mouth. I reached down and held his head into me as he licked and sucked me to repletion.

I finished twitching and gushing and sat back on his chest, feeling the warmth spread through out my body. I loved how Brian could make me cum with just his tongue. I shifted downward and licked and kissed my cum from his mouth, savoring my own taste. It was highly erotic to taste sexual flavors and enjoyed what the body had to offer and so did Brian. I kissed my way down his chest and caressed his tiny male nipples, feeling them get stiff. 

I wished that men could derive as much pleasure as women did from this, but their loss. I sucked them in, one at a time anyway, and heard him moan in pleasure. His hands came up to twine in my hair as I licked and bit his little buds. I trailed my kisses and tongue down over his stomach and he twitched in delight. I loved the tease and heightening his pleasure. There was more than just a blow job after all to making love to a man.

I stroked his thighs as I kissed around his pubic area, and Ladies, there is nothing better than getting your man to shave his balls and cock. Brian's skin was smooth and silky under my tongue as I licked him. I felt his cock swelling as my tongue ran up and down his shaft. I enjoyed the fact I could bring him to erection just with my tongue and lips and pecked at his shaft and balls.

Brian was groaning and said how great I was and I was encouraged to bring him to a higher state of arousal. I sucked the head of his cock into my mouth and worked it with my tongue, twirling it around the bulbous head. I felt it swell with blood as he grew harder. When I felt it stiffen to full erection and there wasn't anymore flexibility to it, I lowered my mouth down along the shaft, sucking him in deeper. 

I loved giving head, since I first tried it as a young girl of fifteen, and was proud I could deep throat a guy up to eight inches. Brian was my max and I loved to feel it fill my mouth and throat as I swallowed him down. Brian groaned in ecstasy as my mouth reached bottom and I sucked in as I came back up. I took another breath and worked him in again, feeling him swell to an engorged state. I quickened my pace and applied pressure with my lips as my head bobbed up and down, taking him in almost all the way each stroke. 

I let his cock pop out of my mouth and took it in my fingers. I stroked him firmly, loving the hard flesh pulsing in my hand. I licked his shaft down and sucked his balls into my mouth and rolled my tongue around them as I stroked his cock. Brian was clenching the sleeping bag with a death grip and gritting his teeth, so he wouldn't cry out as he did normally, and wake the campground. I chuckled to myself at his discomfort in that, but knew he was blissful in what I was doing. 

I licked his balls and then trailed my tongue down to rim his ass. He rose up to me, wanting more and I obliged him willingly by wetting his tight little knot and pushing my tongue into him. I could feel his erection pulsing madly in my fingers as I stroked him. I gripped him strongly and pulled his skin down tight. His head swelled with blood and even in the dim light in the tent, 

I could see it darken in color. I sucked his head in and quickly bobbed my head in quick strokes. I didn't want him to cum yet, so I backed off and heard him sigh in despair at my departure. I wet my index finger of my left hand and ran it over and around his sphincter. I had no qualms about anal sex for myself and enjoyed reciprocating if a guy was willing. Brian was very willing. 

I pushed in so just the tip was inside and stroked it lightly in and out. I could feel it tighten on my finger and I sucked his head in again and stroked him, so he concentrated on that instead of my finger. I felt it relax and pushed in up to the next knuckle. I stroked him again and felt him ease up as his ass accepted the intrusion. 

Not too many guys were confident in having their assholes played with, in doubts of their masculinity I guess, but Brian was all man and wasn't ashamed or afraid to let me explore him this way. I pushed in deeper and my finger went in all the way and Brian moaned loudly. I laughed and warned him jokingly that he would wake the camp. He tried his best to stifle his noise, but I knew I was giving him ultimate pleasure and it would be hard to keep quiet. I stroked my finger in and out and went back to sucking his cock lovingly.

I could feel his tension in his thighs as he strained and his stomach muscles tighten in preparation for orgasm. Making an 'O' with my finger and thumb, I stroked him as I sucked and curled my finger up towards his cock. Ladies, men have a G-spot there, called a prostate, and it works very much like ours. I rubbed my fingertip against the area and sucked him down deeply. I felt the spasms clenching at my finger and a further engorged swelling and knew he was close. I sped up my sucking and stroking and try as he might, 

Brian couldn't hold back and cried out his pleasure and shouted for me to suck him and fuck him. I almost gagged trying not to laugh and felt the build up in his loins as his cum raced up his shaft and fired deep into my mouth. The hot, sticky cum spattered against the roof of my mouth as I sucked and fingered him. It was so erotic to feel his body succumb to me and give up his treasures. 

I know most of you women don't like to swallow your man's cum, but I find it so sensual and a waste as well, to go through all that work to spit it out or worse, just let it spurt freely over everything. Brian's cum wasn't bad tasting at all, but had a sweet, salty taste. I sucked and swallowed him until I felt his cock relax and the spurting finish. I continued to suck him until I was sure there wasn't any cum left.

I let go of his cock and slid my finger out slowly and watched as his body quivered. Yep, nothing like complete satisfaction on a job well done. Brian was breathing hard and kept his eyes closed as the orgasm subsided and I moved up and kissed him. Without hesitation, he opened his mouth and we tongued each other passionately. And guys, don't be afraid to taste yourself after your woman has sucked your cock. It's you your tasting and I find it hard to believe you can't enjoy your own bodily fluids. It's pure and tastes nothing like you imagine it might be. All I'll say is, try it and give it a chance, you might find it very erotic, as your woman does. 

I lay down beside him and cuddled in and Brian held me close to him as we basked in the warm glow of sexual fulfillment. It didn't take long before we pulled the sleeping bag over us and turned out the light and slept soundly and happily together.

The morning sun woke us and greeted our eyes with bright rays lighting the side of our tent. Brian leaned in and kissed me and thanked me again for a wonderful time and I kissed him back and thanked him as well. Take note everyone, all of us should remember to be grateful for the pleasures we bestow on each other. We got up and dressed in sweats and headed off to the wash areas to clean up and relieve ourselves. 

We showered and met back outside and walked back hand in hand, feeling the warmth of the sun on our bodies. We got back to our site and got breakfast started and enjoyed our closeness together. 

We spent the rest of the day swimming and sunning and then took a trip to the town near by. It was typical of most towns with some history and had neat shops with some interesting buys. We browsed and walked along the streets and stopped at a cafe for a bite to eat. We were enjoying our time together, far away from every day life and its trials and tribulations. The sun was starting to head down and we headed back to the campsite. As we drove up to ours, we noticed we had a neighbor. We parked and took our things to the tent and got out food for dinner. 
