 I looked at Brian lying on the bed, somewhat exhausted from the wonderful head and fucking he received from Megan, and felt he needed a rest to recuperate before we asked him for any further servicing on his part. It's a shame, isn't it ladies, that men have to wait at least ten-fifteen minutes before they can get it up again, and we can finish one and get into another orgasm right after, and maybe even more! I looked over to Megan, who was lying beside him with her eyes closed, but she had the most satisfied smile on her face. 

"You look so happy right now, Meg."

"I am. It's amazing what a good fuck will do for you to pick you up."

I knew she was very happy that she had finally had sex, other than with herself, and was basking in the warm glow it left in her body. I gently lay down on top of her and her eyes opened fractionally to look at me. I leaned in and kissed her and she reached her arms around me and pulled me into a nice embrace. We kissed with a new found passion for another woman's love and I for one was sorry I hadn't succumbed to my fantasies before. I slid my tongue past her lips and found hers eager to play with mine. 

I was aware of my breasts pressed into hers and our hips melded together. The sensation was so erotic to me and I guess it was to Megan as well, as we slowly ground our pussies into each other. I loved doing it with Brian, especially when his hard cock was deep inside me, but the softness of another woman was so different and yet wonderful to feel. I broke away from the kiss and looked into Megan's eyes, seeing her passion aroused again. I knew she could see mine, as I wasn't one to hide what I was feeling.

"What do you think of making out with me? Think you might be into women?"

Megan smiled at me again.

"You know, I really like making out with you. I do. I never in a million, bajillion years think I would ever say that, but you let me experience a fantasy I've had for years. I always wanted to know what it would be like, just once to know, you know what I mean? As for other women, I'm not sure about that. This is enough to deal with as it is, don't you think?"

Why is it readers, we never allow ourselves to open our hearts to what our minds so eagerly want to do? The stigma of what others might think, I guess is the biggest reason. She said that it was something she was going to pursue further, now that the ice was broken and she knew that it was something she was truly interested in doing. 

"If you really want to do it, why don't we have some fun while Brian has a rest?"

She turned to look at him and then back at me and smiled with a deviousness in it.

"I'm game. Let's do it."

We went back to our kissing and I rolled with her so that we were side to side. We locked ourselves in an embrace and fed our desires with our tongues writhing around, first in my mouth and then in hers. I sucked her tongue into mine and sucked at it like a cock. 

Megan loved the feeling and increased her embrace, pulling our hips tighter. I slid my hand around to cup her breast and felt her nipple poking out stiffly. I was still amazed at how far they stuck out. I rolled it in my fingers and felt the turgid flesh tighten, and Megan moaned her enjoyment of it into my mouth. I felt her hand come between us and cup my waiting breast and seek out my stiff little bud. 

We lay there passionately sucking and kissing with our mouths and our hands busily bringing awareness to our pussies with the manipulation of each others nipple. I could feel the wetness drip out onto my thigh as I felt the arousal bring shivers of delight at how she touched me. I was sure she was getting just as much pleasure, judging from her reaction to what I did to her. 

I was so glad at that moment that I had Brian in my life and that he supported me and gave me the confidence to explore my fantasies with him. I would never have tried this by myself, and I'm not sure why exactly, but Megan had been the same as me, and never took it to the next level. I pushed Megan's legs open with my knee and pushed it up against her pussy. I could feel the wetness coming from her and loved that I could create this feeling in her. I reached down with my hand and grabbed her ass and pulled her tightly to my leg. I humped at her and Megan complied by humping back, ramming her clit onto my leg.

I wanted to bring so much pleasure to Megan and moved my lips from hers and trailed my kisses to her neck, where I nipped and bit and licked and sucked at her and wanted to drive her wild with delights. Megan's hands found their way into my hair and pulled my head to her, as I trailed my lips down to her chest and then on to her mounding breast. I licked a trail around the outside and circled it in closer on each rotation. Megan was doing her best to remain relatively quiet, as I worked her breast over and rubbed my knee into her crotch. I felt the increased flow from her and loved the feeling of the warm, slickness coating my skin. 

Megan was no longer satisfied with just caressing my nipple and moved her hand down over my stomach and searched for my waiting pussy. I moved my leg away from her crotch and replaced it with my own hand. I cupped her mound in my hand and squeezed the supple flesh and massaged it. Megan gave up looking for my pussy as she became caught up in the greater thrill of my hand working her sex over. I ran my hand back and forth and pushed my finger into her slick valley between her labia. I split them and delved deeper into the warm flesh, feeling the copious flow coming from within her. 

I moved my attention from her breast and trailed my lips down to join my hand. I moved, so I was kneeling between her legs and pushed them up and wider, giving me complete access to her and a view of her glistening flesh. I put my fingers on her labia and rubbed them vigorously, making sure I worked them over well. I slipped my fingers into her opening and spread her lips apart, and looked into another woman's pussy.

Readers, if you've never taken the time to actually look at the inside of a woman's pussy, do so. I swear it is the most erotic and sensual thing to behold. The tender pink flesh seemed to captivate me and I saw it pulsing in anticipation of my touch. Megan's hands were back in my hair, and I could feel her pushing at me to kiss her there. I lowered my head and my tongue slid out and I tasted that wonderful earthiness she was offering. I loved the taste of her and wanted her to bring more of it to my eager mouth. I slid my tongue up and down her labia and worked it all around inside. I licked her from her asshole all the way up and flicked it over her clit. 

Megan groaned in pleasure at what I was doing and Brian woke up and looked over. I saw him from the corner of my eye and smiled as he looked at me. I felt his hand on my shoulder, caressing me as I lapped at Megan furiously. I wanted her to cum in my mouth and taste her again and knew I had to work her little nub over. I sucked it in and licked it, I bit at it gently with my teeth, 

I wanted Megan to reach pleasures she had only dreamed of since her husband's departure. I could feel the tension grow in her body as her orgasm approached. I felt she needed more and I worked two fingers into her chasm. I stoked them fervently into her as I flicked her clit rapidly now. With the suddenness of an explosion, Megan crammed my mouth tightly to her as her orgasm rocketed through her. Her hips bucked at me and I held on to her tightly as I rode her body through the climax. 

Brian moved his hand and placed it over Megan's mouth to stifle her moans, which were quickly getting louder and soon might turn to screams. I must advise you readers that sex and camping is great, but be careful to avoid letting the neighborhood know about it. There are kids and prudes out there too. I thrust my fingers into her sopping pussy as it clenched madly at me. 

Finally she collapsed panting and sighing as her orgasm subsided. I looked at her and saw her flow draining from her pussy and her breasts rising and falling in rhythm to her breaths. I licked at the flow and tasted my rewards and savored the musky honey she gave me. Brian stroked her hair and I gave her pussy a light pat and crawled up so we were all laying close together. Brian kissed me and licked the coating around my mouth, tasting her love honey as well. Megan looked at us and smiled through her panting breaths and pulled me into a kiss and then Brian next. I found it very erotic to have a three way kiss and I think they did too. 

"Are you girls done for the night now? I think we should try and get some sleep."

I looked at Megan and she at me, then Brian and we silently agreed and we put Brian in the middle and cuddled into him. I turned out the light and we all kissed goodnight, wondering if tomorrow was going to be better than tonight. I know I was thinking of some fun scenarios for us to try out. It would be my turn to get attention next!

As I opened my eyes, I realized I hadn't moved an inch from Brian at all. I was still cuddled into him and his arm was still around me. The sun was beaming in softly through the trees and lit the tent with a colorful glow. I looked over for Megan, but she was gone. I raised up and became worried where she had gone. I moved carefully so I didn't wake Brian and opened the tent. 

My fears were eased when I saw Megan turn and smile at me. She was making coffee, the sweet thing.

"Good morning, Leah."

"You know what? Call me Syn, okay?"

"Sin, why?"

"I'll explain later and it'll make sense."

"Okay, I'll take your word for it, Syn." 

I blew her a kiss and went back to put my shorts and sweat shirt on, then went out to join her. I quickly looked around and then gave her a big kiss. She accepted it and then looked around for prying eyes. She was worried that people would see us and cause trouble. Neither of us wanted the rest of the camp to know what we did behind closed tent flaps. 

We sat and waited for the coffee to perk and talked about our wonderful night together. She started whispering, telling me what she liked most about what we did together.

"I really love how you worked my clit over, I've never felt so satisfied."

I told her I had done to her what I enjoyed having Brian do to me, and she said she was eager to try it on me. I said I was more than ready for her and expected nothing but her finest efforts. She laughed and promised me that she would. 

"Hey, my bladder is asking to be gladder."

"Mine too, let's go before Brian wakes up."

We left for the washrooms, I absolutely will not use those little portable ones, they stink and I feel it would be gross to sit my sweet ass on such a disgusting thing. Readers, if there is a Parks person among you, take note, most people would rather do it in the bushes, than go in one of those!! We walked along talking about what we needed to do that day and went in to building.

While we did our thing, Brian had woken up and saw we were gone. He pulled his sweats on and came out to find no one there. He looked around for us and could see and smell the coffee, and knew we wouldn't be long. I was jealous of him and all men, that he could just walk back into the bushes and relieve himself. When Megan and I returned, he was sitting in his camp chair drinking coffee, and there was two cups beside the pot waiting for us. I poured for Megan and myself and then joined him beside the fire pit. We told Brian what we had planned for the day and he said it was a good plan. 

We decided to skip breakfast and get started early on our planned events. Megan got some fresh clothes and so did Brian and I, and the three of us were off for a shower. The showers are separated into M/F and we all took adjoining stalls, with a small wall between Brian and us. After putting our coins in the machine to get the water started, another thing that was pissing me off greatly, we stripped and took our towels into our stalls. 

Megan and I had decided on using the same stall, for a number of obvious reasons, and we went about lathering up our bodies and enjoying the closeness of the stall. We washed each other thoroughly and then our hair and after a good rinse, we took some time to have a quick session of passionate kissing and fondling. I was truly enjoying the touch and feel of another woman and Megan was too. 

We commented between our kisses how wonderful it was to be living out our fantasies and enjoyed the reality of them. Nothing my mind could imagine, could compare to the reality of feeling our wet bodies pressed tightly together as we ran our hands over each other. The water finally stopped and we did too. I went out first to see if the coast was clear and then motioned for her to come out too. We dried off and put our clothes on and then used the driers available to get our hair somewhat drier. 

Brian was waiting for us outside and we all walked back to our site and got ready to go. Brian saw us smiling at each other and I knew he could tell Megan and I had shared something in the shower. I decided it was our secret and said nothing. We got in the car and headed for town. Brian got out at the automotive place and said that we two should head over for food down the street and that would save time. I said we'd be back in a flash and he said he'd be waiting for us. I drove the short distance down to the local grocery store and Megan and I went shopping. It took us fifteen minutes to get everything we needed and headed back to get Brian. 

Sure enough, he was standing outside waiting, triumphantly holding a bag with the parts he needed. Megan's face brightened even more as she felt the relief of knowing she could get her car back. We do love the freedom of having a car, don't we? I slid over and Brian drove us back to the campground. Megan slid her hand on to my thigh and I covered hers with mine. 

Brian noticed her hand and put his hand on my left one and I covered his as well. I was enjoying the double stimulation of their touch and smiled happily all the way back. We parked and Brian took his tools out and I said that we were going to go to Megan's place and get her tent poles and anything else she had forgot to bring. 

Brian gave us both a kiss and we headed off, while he went to work on her car. I told Megan how wonderful Brian was for his abilities to do things and she agreed. No matter how liberal and independent we women get, there is nothing like having a talented man to do those tasks we still find daunting. 

Megan and I held hands as I drove to her place about an hour from the camp. We played the music loud and sang along as the day got warmer and more inviting. I pulled into the townhouse complex where she lived and we stopped at her unit. She said it wasn't the best place in town, but it was better than being in an apartment building. 

"I live in a townhouse too, not much different than yours."

She took comfort from the fact we had similar stations in life and we went inside. We went to the basement and searched everywhere for the poles, but couldn't find them. We went back to the garage and looked there, but still no poles. 

Megan was downhearted at the thought of a wasted week.

"I'm just going to throw the damn tent out and come home. The hell with it."

"Don't be foolish. You should just stay with us. Our tent is designed to sleep eight, so three wouldn't be a problem."

Megan thought for only a moment and agreed. She too was desirous to have more fun with Brian and me. We went for a quick tour and she showed me her things of interest and the pictures of her kids. I told her how beautiful they were and hoped Brian and I could have some just like them. 

"I really want you to meet them and spend a weekend with me and the kids and do some fun things together."

"I think it's a great idea, I'll ask Brian when we get back.

Notice readers that I said ask. As a couple that share their lives together, it's nice for both partners to have a choice, no matter how strongly one feels about something, the other may not. 

We grabbed some bottles of booze from her cupboard and decided an afternoon of making fun drinks would a good thing. I thought about Brian's and my other enjoyment.

"Uhm, how do you feel about Brian and I smoking a little pot? Are you okay with that?"

"You know, I haven't done any since my teens, but I'm game to try it again."

"Cool, we'll have a great time."

With that taken care of, we got back in the car and headed for the camp. The drive back was just as much fun and Megan had brought some of her favorite tunes. 

We pulled into our site and saw that Megan's car was ready and Brian was relaxing in his chair, soaking up the late morning rays. The boombox was on, playing a great song that we both loved and I quietly straddled his legs and looked around quickly to Megan and then the surrounding camp sites. With no one there, I pulled my top up and held my breast so my nipple just grazed his lips. Brian opened his eyes with a start at the contact, but realizing what it was touching his lips, quickly took his lips and sucked it in and licked the growing nipple. 

I let him do it for half a minute and then quickly pulled back and pulled my top down. I kissed him and said hi and asked if everything went okay. Megan came up beside me and wanted to know if she had a car to drive or should she just scrap it. Brian and I laughed.

"I was waiting for you to come back so I could use the car to boost the battery." 

With the car now beside Megan's, he attached the cables and told Megan to turn the key. Instantly the engine started and purred. Megan threw her hands in the air and woohoo'd her appreciation at having it start. She turned it off and got out, coming over to Brian and hugging him tightly.

"Thank you so much, Brian. How much do I owe you for everything?"

"The parts cost thirty six dollars, but you can pay me anytime, so don't worry about it right now." 

"You are such an angel. Thank you, Brian, I owe you big time."

"I'm sure you and Syn will think of something, I'm sure."

"Oh yeah, why did you want to be called Syn?"

"That's right, okay, let's go have a drink and I'll tell you all about it."

"I'll leave you to it, girls. I'm going for a drive, be back soon."

He wanted to take it for a test run to make sure the battery was fully charged and put the cables behind the front seat, after starting it again. He pulled out and said he'd be back shortly and Megan and I went to work making a drink and telling her about my dancing career. We dismantled her site as well and got her deposit back.

We had everything packed and folded and over to our site when Brian pulled back in. He came over and asked what was going on with Megan's site and we told him about the lack of poles and that she was going to join us for the rest of the week as our guest. Brian looked a little disheartened, but understood why I had asked Megan to join us. I told Brian to get himself a drink and that Megan and I would get the tent re-arranged so we had more room for all of us. 

With the additional gear and food taken care of, we joined Brian and talked about meeting Megan's kids and having a fun day together. Brian was happy to do that and said there was a weekend special coming up soon at the huge amusement park close to us. Megan said the kids would be thrilled at the idea and that we adults had plenty to amuse us as well. We cheered the idea and clinked our glasses. 

I told Brian about our idea of making some fun drinks of the day to try and that Megan was okay with smoking some herb. Brian said that he was going to roll one earlier, but wanted to ask me first. I said by all means to get to it and we saluted him as he went to the tent to get one going. 

Brian returned with his usual doobie, rolled like it came from a machine, I envied him that he could do that. Mine looked like elbow macaroni and didn't burn very well either. We got up and walked back into the woods for a walk while we smoked it and enjoyed the coolness of the shaded forest. The walk turned out to be very nice and interesting as well. No sooner had we finished smoking it, Brian made sure it was out and buried it under the soil, when we heard some noises up ahead. 
