 Welcome back everybody, it's been like, forever since I told you of my great summer and Meg. Well, so much has happened since then, I'm not sure where to start. First the important stuff. Brian and I had a child together. Being a mom is awesome and we just adore her. Brian's son is looking forward to being a big brother to his little sister, Synthia. Brian's choice, but I like it too..

Now on to what's happened since 2013. Meg met Steven on line as I mentioned and he was a hunk. They seemed to be doing great, right up until Steven fucked up and slept with his ex wife. What an asshole. Meg was heartbroken to say the least, but we 'consoled' her often and she got over him okay. One thing's for sure, whoever gets this woman is going to be thrilled. She has become one fabulous lover. True to her word, she has made love with Brian and I on numerous occasions and just keeps getting better. Meg met another guy just last year, 2013 and that's where I want to start telling you the news.

Meg met Ken at her son's soccer game and they became quick friends and started dating seriously after two weeks. Meg phoned me after one of their dates and sounded very excited.

"Syn, you're not going to believe it. I found the guy of my dreams and I think ours as well."

"What makes you so sure this is the guy, Hon?" 

"We were making love last night, and oh Syn, this guy knows pussy. He licked and sucked on me so good, I came four times! Four times! But that's not the best part." 

Meg was going a mile a second and I listened to her blurt it out as fast as her mouth could get the words out.

"We were lying there afterwards and talking, you know, the après sex stuff, like we do, and he admitted he had been with two women before. I didn't push it, but I wanted to know all the details. I told him I had thought about being with another woman and wondered what it was like. He did say he was still willing doing it, but it was something we'd really have to discuss before anything happened. I agreed and we left it open for later. But all the time we talked, he was telling me I would be the sexiest woman on the bed. Syn! I think this could be the guy I've wanted to find for so long now. You know how much I want to find the right guy, and I really think this is Mr. Right."

"Oh Meg, You know Brian and I are hoping you find a great guy, but don't worry if he doesn't fit into our little social scene. Just enjoy your time with him and if something happens, we'll do our best to get it to work out. Just don't push the issue right now and when the time is right again, slip it into your conversation and see what he says then." 

It was a month after our call and Brian and I were having some "parental downtime" enjoying some really good sex, when the phone rang and I gave in and answered it.

"Hello." 

"Oh good you're in. Syn, I have the greatest news. Ken and I were talking again like you said, just slipped it in, and guess what? He thinks it would be okay if we try another partner. Can you believe it? Finally, someone who makes me feel so good and everything and wants to try swinging." 

"Meg, that's wonderful, I'm really happy for you and I know Brian is too. Can I call you back later though, Hon. Brian and I happen to be quite busy ourselves trying to work in some fun time of our own." 

"Oh Baby, I'm so sorry. I didn't even think what you might be doing. I was just so excited I couldn't wait to tell you. I'll hang up and let you two get back to what it is I know you two do best. Have fun. Bye. Oh say Hi to Brian for me. Kiss, kiss." 

I put the phone down and went back to letting Brian finish what he was doing. I lay back and spread my legs wide and he just smiled and licked his lips and slid right back into licking me royally. His tongue touched me so lightly along my lips and clit it sent shivers up my spine. He kissed my labia like they were my other lips and tongued me at the same time. 

I know the guys won't know what I'm talking about, but you girls know. My body was shaking and quivering like a lump of Jell-o and then he did his licking/sucking thing on my clit and I was done. I grabbed his head and held him right there so he couldn't move. I really didn't need to, but I held him there just the same. 

I came hard and ground my pussy into him, wanting him to lick me inside out. Just as I was catching my breath and coming down from the orgasm 'high', He knelt between my legs and slowly put the head of his cock in my pussy. With just the head and an inch more, he teased me, knowing I wanted to feel him deep inside of me.

"Fuck me, Baby, shove your cock inside me and fuck me. Oh God, don't tease me like this."

"Oh you poor thing. Got a hunger for some cock do you? Want to feel your sweet little pussy filled with something big and hard?" 

He taunted, as he continued just stroking an inch or two inside. I could feel my pussy clenching, trying to grab him and suck him in, but he wasn't giving in to me. That left me with only one option. I grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him into me. I felt that nice big cock of his fill me and bottom out. I cried out at the ecstasy that gave me and held him there, feeling myself yield inside to him.

"You cheater. Well now that it's all inside of you, what are you going to do now?" 

"C'mon. don't be like that. Fuck me, please. Pretty please. Shove that big hunk of man meat in me and show me what you've got, big boy. Pound my poor, little pussy into submission, show me what a big, tough guy you are. C'mon Baby, fuck me, please" 

I could feel him flexing his cock inside me and felt it grow in girth. In a flash, he had me by the back of the knees and pushed them up to my tits. He didn't say anything, just smiled that bad little boy smile of his, as he looked in my eyes and then he just fucked me hard. He drew back and pounded into me once, and drew back to the outer edge again. I could hear the wetness making slushy sounds as his cock dilated me. 

"Is this what my pretty slut wants? Like to feel my cock beat your sweet pussy into a mushy mess? Who's a big girl and wants to cum like one? Are you a big girl? C'mon, who's your daddy?" He said as if I was a little girl, the fucking tease.

"You're my Daddy, you're my Daddy, just fuck me, please. God, you're killing me already." 

I hate being teased, it drives me crazy. I don't mind it during foreplay, right girls, but when I want to get fucked good, the last thing I need is more teasing. I want cock and lots of it. Pound my pussy hard and drive me senseless, I don't care, just fuck me.

Brian laughed at me as he hovered above me. Without any warning, he drove in hard all the way and that was all I needed to feel to start the orgasm express. Hard and fast in, slow and easy out, over and over, and I could feel the engine inside building steam as he kept the pace steady. This was a good fucking. I could feel his balls slap my asshole and his pubic bone banging lightly against my clit. 

Girls, this man can fuck. I'm not saying he's the best in the world, but definitely my best. He has such great control of himself. He paces it just right so he can go for a good half hour or so. I got that and more.

I could feel it was time to orgasm and really bucked hard at him and his cue to give it to me. He complied and that really, sexy sound of flesh slapping flesh filled my ears. I could smell my sex in the air and then he kissed me deeply and that was all I needed for stimulation to explode inside. My pussy clenched madly at his cock as he filled me. 

The sound of my cum oozing from me was Brian's impetus and I felt his cock swell and his cum jetted out and I could feel it mix with mine. That is such an amazing feeling isn't it? He spurted a couple more times and then he collapsed on top of me. I love that he does that instead of roll over. I like to feel his body on me. Just one of those girly intimate things, okay guys. We lay there for a few more minutes and then I went to do a quick wash and came back.

"I'll give Meg a call now and see what she has to say about Ken and her swinging." 

Not that it mattered, he was off in orgasm la-la land. I smiled.

"Hey Meg, we're all done, for now. So give me the details, Hon, what did you two talk about?" 

"Oh Syn, I gotta tell you. We were lying there talking afterwards, you know, and I mentioned it would be so great to be able to have my clit licked while we were fucking and he agreed it would probably feel awesome. He immediately said he wasn't double jointed or anything, and that led us into talking about swinging again. I asked if he was okay if another man did it, or would he prefer another woman." 

I knew the answer before she said it.

"Well, he said another woman, because he felt a little weird having another guy, you know, so close to his package while fucking me. typical guy, right." 

"Well, I can understand where he's coming from with that. Brian and I haven't done it with another guy yet either. In fact, you're the only one Brian and I have had any sex with. I admit I was curious enough when we first did it to seduce you to join us, but that was mostly because of what you told me about yourself, remember?" 

"You're right. I was pretty messed up back then, wasn't I. Well, I can safely say all of that's behind me and I owe it to you and Brian for helping me find myself inside. You know what I mean, right?" 

"Of course I do Baby, we all find ourselves a little lost sometimes when we're not sure which way to go. Happens to us all. We were all at the right place at the right time and look at us now." 

"Yeah, look at us now. three parents getting together every other weekend or so and fucking our brains out and loving every moment. I couldn't imagine a life without you and Brian, you know that. As much as I want a relationship with Ken, I'd hate the thought of having to choose between you. We're like family, kind of, and I just couldn't stand the thought of not seeing or being with you guys." 

"Don't start going there Hon, you're not losing us. So, you both agreed to try it with another woman, is that right?" 

"Yeah, he said he'd be alright with it, but wanted to know from me, what I was willing to do with her. Well, I stalled a bit, trying to sound like I was wondering about it, and said 'I'd be willing to start out slow, kissing and stuff and see how it went from there'. I said I really wanted to just have my clit licked, but he said she might want more than that. I paused again for effect and said, 'Well, yeah, I guess that would be a fair thing to want. I don't know if I'd want to sit and wait until some woman said she wanted her clit licked now and then left once she was done.' He was smiling when I said that and I knew he was interested in doing it. I mean, isn't every guy looking to get two women in bed together. I just hope I can get him to ease up and let another guy into bed. I mean, I was lying there thinking how great it would be for the four of us to be lying there like that, together." 

"Well, if we take it slow and easy at the start, who knows, he might just turn into a real swinger like you. You little sex fiend, you." 

"Sex fiend? You really think I'm a sex fiend?" 

"Oh, Meg, lighten up, Hon. I'm joking. Shit, if you're a sex fiend, I'd hate to think what Brian and I are." 

Meg laughed and said, "Yeah really, you two are a category all your own." 

"What are you laughing at? You're sitting there telling me how you want the four of us to fuck like rabbits, and we have our own category. Yeah, right." 

"Too true, girlfriend, too true." 

"So let's get together soon and see what kind of plan we can come up with. I'm sure if we rock his socks off the first time, he'll want more, and of course, he'll get it. A couple of times like that, getting used to us and we'll see if he's open to the idea of Brian joining us too. Now, I have to talk to Brian and get his thoughts on this. I'm sure he'll go for it, but we do operate on the principle of respect, always. You know what I mean. Anyway, I'll get Brian's thoughts on what Ken might be thinking and what he'd do in his position. I'm sure he'd have a better answer to this, more than you or I would." 

We set a date for Wednesday afternoon and I went to ask Brian. As open a relationship that Brian and I have, it was still weird to ask him about it. He is such an amazing man. I know I've blown that horn many a time already, but to hear him talk about another man and him doing me together just made me realize what a confident and understanding man he is. 

Of course, he strongly stipulated there would be no interaction between Ken and himself and one other small thing. How long before he gets to play. I had to soothe and assuage his sense of fair play and tell him I wouldn't think of being with another man and not reciprocate the same treatment later with him. He smiled and felt more at ease with the arrangements. So it was all up to Ken now.

Wednesday afternoon, Meg and I met at her favourite coffee shop, Meg's, where else. I admit it was a nice place and had a decidedly feminine flair to it. We got our faves and sat away from everybody else. 

"Okay, Hon, here's what Brian said. He said Ken is just worried his cock won't be enough for you, or big enough and pretty well most guys worry that way. He said it's going to be your job to make sure he never feels that way. You know, the praising and applauding thing when you make out. I mean, not too obvious he catches on or anything, but enough to build his ego up. I think once we have him hooked on us, we can introduce the idea of Brian joining us. Might be a good idea I think if we socialize with you guys more too. If he gets to be friends with Brian, it'll be easier, because he'll trust him then and know him better. Don't worry, Babe, if Brian knows women as well as he does, you can bet he knows men a whole lot better. trust me on that one, okay." 

"I do Syn, if there's anybody I trust, it's you. You and Brian both. I really love you two. You both have this love thing down so well. You're married now, a beautiful baby girl, 's growing up to be a really, great young man and you two make it all look easy. That and you put up with me and my life as well." 

"I'd put up with you anytime, Baby." 

"Right back at ya'." 

I teased by licking at her, and saw her give me a 'wouldn't that feel nice' look. I looked at my watch and said we have a couple of hours to kill before her kids got home. She perked up at the thought I alluded to and we drank quick and were out of there. 

It didn't take more than two minutes from closing the door and we were naked and kissing on the bed. Meg and I really don't play together without Brian, but it was agreed that if we ended up together, no harm, no foul. Just don't make a habit of it, as Brian said. Not that he thought I would leave him for Meg, just wanted to be in on the fun, is all. Can't blame him really, can we. I slid my hand down Meg's body and felt her quivering at my touch.

"A little horny are we?" 

"Oh, Baby, I just love when you touch me. Your touch just does something to me inside. Not sure why, but it does." 

I slid my hand down and cupped her pussy and felt how wet she was. I moaned in her mouth as I felt it and she moaned her agreement back. I used my leg to push hers open more and lightly ran my finger in her slit. Her lips parted and she was soaking inside. I left her lips and worked my lips down her neck and down her chest to her breast. I could see her nipples were erect already in anticipation and I latched on to her left one first. I felt the surge of blood fill it more as I sucked on it using my lips and tongue. 

That's one of Brian's tricks he uses on me and now I got to try it. It worked just like it was supposed to. Meg arched her back and cried out as she had a small orgasm. I felt my fingers get wetter and she contracted and dilated more. I wanted to taste that sweet, juicy pussy so bad. I worked down her belly and down her Mons and her aroma filled my nostrils. I loved the smell of her pussy when she was horny. A light musky smell, but sensuous. I let my tongue trail a path down along her clitoral shaft and flicked as it hit her clit.

"Oh God Syn, that's so nice. You are the best pussy licker ever. Fuck, I'm so horny right now." 

I started thinking we'd spoiled Meg for normal monogamous sex, but she said she had no complaints with Ken making her happy. I let my tongue delve between her labia folds and my tongue was dripping by the time I reached her ass. I spread her open and licked with a broad flat tongue and lapped her up. That got her going even more.

"I'm not that good, Meg. What's in that brain of yours right now? No, let me guess. You're picturing me and you and Ken going at right now aren't you?" 

"Yes, I am. Oh God, Syn, it turns me on so much thinking about it. I'm feeling your tongue on me and I'm thinking how nice Ken's cock inside of me would be feeling right now." 

"I can't blame you, Sweetie. I'd be just as excited and horny as you." 

I stroked two fingers in and out of her pussy, feeling her get wetter and looser. I slid in a third and then sucked her clit out and licked it like Brian does. Oh, that man knows pussy. I felt like a seasoned lesbian the way I got Meg to writhe and squirm under me. Funny, I've never thought about myself in those terms before. 

I worked my fingers up against her anterior wall and found my spot. Rougher feeling than the surrounding area and a little more give than the area around it too. 

It didn't take more than four strokes with my fingers and the wetness got more pronounced and Meg was thrashing her head from side to side and biting the pillow, trying to not scream out. I'm sure she hated having to not scream out her passion, but her walls in the townhouse were paper thin and I was sure the nosey bitch next door would be gossiping it to everyone before we even finished. I felt the huge contraction as she bore down on me and her orgasm started. 

The first squirts jetted out and hit my tits, soaking them. I saw her cervix come into view and her sphincter turn inside out. I rubbed my fingers rapidly over her urethra and she bit down hard on her lower lip and cried out into the pillow. I stopped, but she kept twitching and bucking a minute more as her orgasm subsided.

"So, have we got that pussy of yours settled down now?" 

"Oh, oh, oh God, Syn, that was fucking incredible. Holy Shit! I still feel like I'm cumming." 

I looked down at her pussy still pouring out.

"Quite the stream you've got going, Hon" 

She put her hand between her legs and felt how wet her pussy was.

"Fuck me. I'm soaking. Have I ever got wet like this before?" 

"Not that I've seen, Meg. Looks like you have yourself a sweet fantasy to play with."

"Really? You think my fantasizing got me like this?" 

"Can't see any other reason, Meg. First time you've cum like that before. Not complaining mind you, I love it. In fact.."

I didn't finish what I was saying and just lowered my face to her pussy and licked her.

"Oh God, Syn, Oh my God! Lick me. I'm cumming again." 

I lapped and sucked and she just poured all the more. I'm not one to leave someone hanging and lapped her into three more hard orgasms. I lapped and sucked and she just poured. 

"Baby, stop cumming already, will you. I want some fun time too, you know." 

"Syn, Syn,... Oh God, that was amazing." 

I left her alone, somewhat concerned if I touched her at all, she'd just cum again.

After another five minutes, she was calmed down enough to move and pulled me to her and kissed me deeply. 

"Is it my turn now? Going to give me a taste of your delights?"

"Oh yeah, I want to make you sweat. I just hope I'm half as good as you were." 

She trailed her kisses down my neck and I felt a shiver of excitement run down my spine. That same shiver made my nipples perk up and become harder. That is so nice a feeling. I love feeling my body respond to my lover's touch. I felt her hands cup my breasts and squeeze them gently together. She dropped her face to them and her tongue danced lightly over the tips of them. 
