 I stood naked, looking at Brian lying in bed and saw that wonderful, phallic movement under the sheets. He motioned to me to come lie beside him and I did my best exaggerated model walk, letting my hips sway as far as they could. I stopped at the side and looked down at him, trying to show the lust I had in my loins, through my eyes.

"I'm going to take a wild guess and say you had a good time tonight, am I right?" 

Brian knew I was still as horny as hell, even though I just had a night of great sex.

"I guess you could say that. Why don't I give you a taste of what I got and you'll know what's coming later when Meg joins us." 

"Well, say no more, girl. Let those lips tell me the whole story the way I like it to be told." 

I slid down along his body and slowly kissed him deeply. I brought my leg up over his and came to rest at the bottom of his tent pole. The combination of my previous sexual outing and my passion to share with my Honey left me with zero patience and I reached down and grabbed his rigid shaft and squeezed it hard. Brian moaned as I relaxed and slide my hand up and caressed the head with my fingers and then back down along the shaft. 

I cupped his balls lightly and caressed them. I pulled them out stretching his sack, but not hurting the ultra-tender nuggets inside. Yeah, really have to be gentle with those babies. One little slip and the night is done. I let them go and felt the increased girth and firmness in his shaft. I quickly broke the kiss and headed down to get it in my mouth. I licked and sucked just the head first, just because I know it drives Brian crazy. It's so much sensation to take, but I love the feeling of the skin as it tightens and swells. 

The colour changing from pinks to reds to purples fascinated me. I slid down another inch, just past his foreskin, then sucked it all hard into my mouth. Brian groaned loudly as he gave in to the pleasure he knows my mouth can give. I let my mouth fill with saliva and coated his shaft as I slowly slid further. 

I could feel the veins, engorged with blood, sliding under my lips as I passed them. I went half way and came up again. I made more spit and went back down making his cock slippery smooth. I kept my thumb and finger wrapped around the base tightly and felt the blood surge past my fingers and then remain trapped in the shaft. His cock was at full throttle and bursting with blood. His smooth, rock hard head lodged at the back of my lips and I bit down, keeping my lips there for padding and chewed him. 

I almost laughed as Brian arched and bucked involuntarily in reaction to what I did. I know I'm not the best cock sucker in the world, but I do love to take charge of a my man's cock and show it a good time. I let him go and slid my tongue all up and down his shaft getting him wet. I licked his balls, again, those wonderful soft, shaven balls, and then slowly sucked them into my mouth. I rolled my tongue over them and sucked gently and then let them pop out of my mouth. Brian had gone into a steady grunt and moan as his hands twined and pulled in my hair.

"Like that so far, Baby? Let me give you a little something else to think about, as well." 

"Mmmmm, uh-ha, yeah." 

I took his cock lightly and gave him a slow deep throat, resting at the bottom and then slowly coming back up. I drew in my breath and slid down again. I repeated it several more times and then picked up the pace and shortened my strokes. Brian bucked his hips up every down stroke, wanting as much of his cock to get inside my mouth as he could. 

He had my head in his hands and I still only let him get as much as I wanted to give him. I stroked and swallowed and worked him up to a peak I let him hover at. I stroked his cock with my hand and licked him down the shaft and over his balls and then circled his sphincter. Brian was going to be treated to his first oral/anal session. He stiffened and gasped, as he felt my tongue hit dead center in his ass.

"What the fuck?" 

This time I did laugh.

"Just lie back and let me show you something new mister. You're not the only one to come home with something new to try."

I poked my tongue out again and zeroed in on my target. I poked at his opening and felt it relaxing at my gentle assault. I took my hands and spread his cheeks apart and my tongue entered in.

"Oh, fuck ME!" 

"Sssshhhh, or I'll stop." 

I warned him, not seriously, like I would ever deny him complete satisfaction.

He and I both knew I'd never stop. I'd just put a pillow over his face and continue blowing his mind. And that's what I did. I tasted that earthiness and pushed my mind past that and delved inward with my tongue. His sphincter relaxed more and I rimmed his opening and licked him with my tongue in a descending spiral into his ass again. I reached up and stroked his cock, thinking it might deflate without attention, but it was rock hard and wanting action. 

I pumped my fist up and down the slippery shaft and tongued his ass deeply. I felt his cock spasm and swell and knew his orgasm was approaching fast. I moved up fast, taking his cock in my mouth, stroking it with my fingers at the base. I slid my middle finger of my other hand up his ass and stroked his prostate. Brian hissed and controlled his vocals as his orgasm hit hard. 

I felt the first surge jet down my throat, followed by three more. I worked him hard and felt him surge again. Two more spurts fired into my mouth and I sucked him in all the way. Brian breathed in, in a tiny sigh and then out in a loud groan. I felt him shudder and quiver as his ejaculation ended. 

I took a few more strokes and sucked in all my spit and cum and swallowed the mixture. I slowly took my finger out of his ass, to a small cry of relief from Brian as he felt less stimulation. I let his cock rest on his stomach and gave it a little pat. I slid up and draped my arm over his chest. I could feel it rise and fall with his heavy breathing. I kissed his cheek and he weakly smiled at me.

"That's just a little something from me for being such a sweet guy. The main event is later." 

"Yippee!!" 

I hugged him tightly and his arm came up and held me tight to him.

"I have a surprise for you too, Sweetheart." 

"Ooooh, what it is it?" 

I asked excitedly, but I was hoping it wasn't more sex, because I was getting tired and sore.

"Your present is finally finished. Connor and I finished it after our little angel went to sleep. I know it took three years, but it's worth it." 

"Are you serious? It's done? My Mustang is ready?" 

If you remember from the beginning, I told you Brian re-builds old cars and he found a '68 Mustang convertible and has been restoring it for me. It came back two months ago from the paint shop, in my gorgeous? it looks beautiful, even without all the chrome and interior. My sweetie has been putting in every spare hour to put it back together for me. The mini-van is fine for family time, but I wanted my own ride for cruising. Brian has a seventy Challenger ragtop in black cherry, with a black top and interior and something called a T/A package added. I don't know, guy stuff, but it's fabulous to go for a cruise in. Now, my new baby was ready.

"Can we go for a drive tomorrow?" 

I asked him bouncing on the bed with excitement.

"Definitely, but for now, shut up, lie down beside me and give me a kiss. Damn, you're one sexy ass woman." 

I was striking a woman's standard seduction pose. Kneeling, with my legs pressed together and my hands between my thighs, squeezing my tits together and plumping them up. That and a 'God, I just love you', look. I lay down and snuggled in to a very deep and peaceful sleep with Brian and feeling that smile stay with me until I dropped off.

After all the breakfast and morning routines done, I was beside myself to see it. I stood in front of the garage door and waited with my eyes closed as I heard the motor start and the door roll up. When it stopped, I took my hands away from my eyes and looked. The first vision that hit me was the shining chrome, flashing in the sunlight.

"Let me start it up and bring it out for you to see Hon." 

He got in and it started up right away. The roar and then purr of the V8 was thrilling to me. I loved the power it had and the sensation of acceleration. Being a mom kept me grounded to a sane level of excitement, but it thrilled me to feel Brian get on it when he entered the highway. Almost like sex, but not quite.

He pulled it out and left it running for me. I got in and pressed the gas pedal and felt the car rock with the power. I was grinning like a fool and I knew it. I asked how the top went down and my boys came and reached in and undid the roof hooks. 

"Press that button right there." Brian told me.

I heard it whir as it dropped back and into the well behind the seat. I shut it off and got out and stood beside Brian and Connor. We stood there looking at it gleaming and shining and I couldn't help it. I just started crying I was so happy. Girl thing, right. I hugged the both of them tightly and told them I loved them both so much and how grateful I was for what they did. We left it out and I took lots of pics and had everyone sit and have their shot taken, even little Synthia.

I phoned Meg and told her about the car and she told Ken who was sitting beside her, and the reply was immediate. They were coming over as Ken, it turns out, is a car nut as well. Looked like a common ground for our men was found and my fingers were crossed, as were Meg' I'm sure. I told Brian, Meg and Ken were on their way over to see the car and Brian got some burgers and sausages out.

"Looks like a car warming party is happening. Might as well make it a day, whad'ya think?" 

"Yeah, a good time for you and Ken to meet. Meg said he's into cars too, so he's probably going to see what kind of job you do. I have no doubt he'll be impressed with both of those cars out there. I'll kick his ass if he isn't." 

"I'm sure you would. Looks like you have a mother's protection for your baby out there already." 

"Well, it is my baby. I think it's precious and beautiful and no one can say otherwise." 

I said it to him looking defiantly snooty, semi-joking, semi-serious.

Twenty minutes later, Meg and Ken came into the backyard with beer and wine in tow. I watched as Brian greeted Meg with a hug and kiss and then was introduced to Ken. There wasn't any alpha battle as they shook hands and I knew they were on even ground. Meg gave me a friendly hug and kiss and of course I already had my introduction with Ken. I looked into his eyes and felt that swooning feeling again. He gave me a warm hug and a kiss on the cheek and held my arms. I stared back after he moved back and I could feel Brian looking at me. I smiled nervously and calmed myself. 

What is it about some guys, that they just look at you and you get lost in them. You girls know, and now you guys have something else to work on to have power over women. Killer eyes and the Look.

I went back to Brian and slipped my arm around his waist and looked at Meg. She was giving me the look that said I was a deer in the headlights. 

"So, let's go see my baby, shall we?" 

I blurted it out, hoping to get things moving out of that awkward moment. We came to the side and there was my Baby, gleaming brightly in the sun. I hugged Brian again and kissed him.

"Thank you so much, Baby. It really is gorgeous." 

"My gift of love to you, Babe."

We all stood beside it and Brian opened the hood right away. Ken looked in and checked everywhere.

"Nice." and he walked around. Brian popped the trunk and Ken looked all around inside. He closed it and then sat behind the wheel and felt the finish of the material.

"Really nice. I see you kept the original radio too." 

I was grinning. 

"Push the volume knob." 

Ken pushed it and the front face came down. A DVD, MP3 player sat behind it. My smile left and my jaw dropped.

"Awesome. Where did you get this? It looks totally original." 

"A place in California makes them. I ordered it six months ago and I've been hiding it from Little Miss Nosey here for the last two. Even she doesn't know about it. Check this out." Brian admitted to everyone and switched the power on.

He opened the console and took out a disc and slid it in. He opened the glove box and a LED screen was inside. I gasped in surprise at this addition and then my jaw dropped again. The movie he chose to play was a homemade collection of me dancing and role playing. We watched as I stripped away my top and then my string and paraded and teased. I jumped in and switched it off as I was just putting 

my fingers in my pussy.

"Well that was definitely interesting, to say the least." 

"Ahh...yuh." 

It was all I could say and looked at Brian, with that, 'Are you fucking stupid' look.

"What? Something we haven't seen you do before?" 

"Well, it wasn't really the best choice for display purposes." 

"Oh fuck off, Syn. Who here hasn't seen you up close and personal in the last twelve hours." 

I looked at the three of them quickly and realized how stupid I looked right then. I had just sucked and fucked them all and been in all manner of intimacies and I was complaining about my dancing days.

"I am so sorry, Brian, everyone. What the fuck am I thinking." 

"No harm done, Love. You just make up for it later with a little more of last night's fun." 

He said it in a very passable Scottish accent, which is not that hard really, he was born there after all. I love it when he does talk like that. It sounds so, you know, sweet. Yeah, another thing that girls love, accents, even good fake ones.

"That and more Honey. I'm so sorry, I really am. That was so dumb." I sucked up to him. "But why that one anyway?" I

"Actually, if we had watched this to the end, I asked you if you would like a car like this. You said yes and I told you I would build it for you just the way it's sitting there right now. Remember? Amber was taking the video and you said, 'If I built you a car like that, you'd marry me and build me a baby.' Well, it's all come full circle Babe. We're married, have a baby and your car awaits you."

I hate crying in public, even if it is just friends. I stood and cried, remembering exactly what we said that night at the club. Every word was true and here I was, my husband beside me, my baby in the shade of the patio asleep, and my car was right there. Brian hugged me and he knew I felt overwhelmed by it all. For three years he and Connor toiled together to make my dream car a reality and a wonderful family life possible. Damn, with all the crying I'm doing, people just have to know I'm a happy woman.  

I got over it with all the sympathetic patting and hugging and smiled at Brian. I owed him big time.

"So let's hear this beauty." 

Meg and Brian joined in with cheers. I sat and turned the key and that sexy rumble came. I smiled and revved it up a few times.

"Sweet." 

A man of few words, but a lot said with expression.

"Take me for a ride Syn. C'mon, let's go." 

Meg was bouncing on her feet, she was so excited to go for a ride. I looked at Brian to see what he thought.

"Sure, take her for a spin. Ken and I'll follow in the Challenger. Want to drive my baby? I'm mean, you drove my other one last night, so why not this one."

"You sure? You'll let me drive that sweet ride I see sitting in the other bay?" 

Brian opened the other door and started it up. His had a deeper rumble than mine and sounded mean and nasty. Mine purred, I like that. He rolled it out and stopped and put the top down. 

"I'm just going to go and get Connor to come out and sit with Synthia while we're gone, be right back." 

He was back shortly with Connor and his PSP and then gave him a hug and came back. Ken was sitting in the car and Meg was in with me. 

"Let's go out to Heaven and back. That'll be a good run." 

"Oh, excellent idea Hon, that'll be wonderful. You first, or me?" 

"You first Syn, that way I can see if anything's wrong."

I gave him a thumbs up and put it in gear. Meg turned on the MP3 player and we were off. Heaven is a place about a half hour away from us, in a place called Horseshoe Hills. It keeps rising uphill until it crests, then if you turn around, you can see the country turning to farms and then into the suburbs and the city. The view is spectacular and a frequent stop on my drives with Brian, to do a little making out and cuddle time. It's only fifteen minutes away from the camp where my story began. 

"It looks like those two are getting along okay, what do you think, Syn?" Meg asked me.

"I think letting Ken drive Brian's car says a lot. I'm the only other one he lets drive it. They look like they're doing a lot of talking and laughing from what I can see in my mirror. Wonder what they're talking about?" I added.

"No idea, but it's all good if they're laughing. Maybe he's sharing some magical secrets with him." Meg opined.

"Oh God, I hope so. I really want Ken to teach Brian how to do my ass like that. I did it to Brian last night and blew his head off. I mean, really, can you imagine those two guys let loose on you in bed. I'd be lying there like a sweating mass of quivering Jell-o by the time they finished." I stated with assurance it was true.

"No shit. Ken leaves me feeling well fucked already and I know how good Brian is at doing that too, so I can only imagine and agree with you on that." Meg said in confirming my thoughts about it.

"I'm getting horny just thinking about them now." I admitted.

"Me too. I just finished giving Ken some head just before you called and I didn't get the favour returned." Meg said with disappointment.

"Oh, poor you! Licked and fucked and fingered to, I can't count how many orgasms last night, and God knows how many since I left. And you didn't get yours." I mocked her and laughed.

We both laughed and I reached over and took her hand in mine. She squeezed me back and we let our minds drift to thoughts of Brian and Ken and the pleasures that awaited us. We reached the top, turned around and parked. I've come here numerous times and yet each time leaves me in awe. The view is spectacular from everywhere you look. Meg and I stood with our arms around each others waists and took it all in. The guys came up and stood beside us as we all looked out. All the points of interest were there to spot. The CN Tower, mist from Niagara Falls, the transition from urban to suburban to rural captured in time. We spent a little while just gazing and then started back.

"I'll go back with Syn, and you two can drive together in my car." Brian told them. 

"I want to get a ride in the Bird and see how it is."

"All right! Let's do it!" I told him.

I put it in gear and gave it way too much gas and laid a good patch of rubber, as I left Ken and Meg. I went faster than twice the speed limit, before my foot came off the gas and slowed down.

"She's got some balls, that's for sure." Brian said as I cruised back down to a saner speed.

"Just like you, my sweet, darling man. Just like you." I told him and reached over and fondled his package.

"Nice, but ah.. let's bring her home in one piece okay. You and me included." Brian rebuffed me and I pouted and went back to driving.

Ken was close behind and when we reached the road widening, he came up beside us.

"Hey baby, wanna see how fast it goes?" Ken taunted me.

I didn't say anything and just slammed my foot to the floor. The Bird lurched forward as the power made it to the wheels and we left them behind quickly. I saw Brian motion for Ken to catch up and I could hear the roar of the engine behind me suddenly change to a faster and higher pitch and in seconds, it was going by me. I was disheartened at the rapid loss of being in first and Ken backed off and came level with us again. 
