 Meg and I looked at each other and then back at the guys. We weren't prepared to give a show and Ken could tell. 

"Put on that CD you were playing the other day, Meg. The one with those soft, sexy songs you like so much. That'll help get you two in the mood. Get a little intimate dance going and let it go from there." 

I stood looking at Brian and Ken, as I was fidgeting, while Meg put the CD in and adjusted the volume. The music broke into a sultry number with suggestive lyrics that did get the mood going. I took Meg and led us into a tight hip swaying move that ground our pussies together while we held each other's waists. We locked eyes and said to each other with our expressions, 'Let's do this big time!' 

I brought my hand up and pulled her face to mine as I locked my mouth to hers and tongued her deeply. Meg grabbed my ass by both cheeks and pulled me in tighter to her. I snuck quick peeks as we kissed, to see what the guys were doing and Ken was nodding his approval and Brian was echoing his movements. They looked rapt in their attention of us and I used my movements to let Meg know we should increase the seduction. 

I brought my other hand up and cupped her tit and squeezed it through her blouse. Meg took one hand off my ass and brought it up to my bra-less tit and cupped and pinched my nipple. We both moaned loudly, both in reaction to what we did and to give the guys some aural stimulation as well. I flicked the buttons open deftly with my fingers and pulled her blouse open to bare her lacy bra, encasing her tits in a cleavage packed shape. 

I dropped my lips to her neck and we swayed with the music. Meg exposed her throat to me and I licked and bit from her ear to her shoulder. I slid the blouse off her shoulders and down her arms. I had my mouth between her mounds and I grabbed the front of the half cups and pulled them down. Meg's tits spilled out and I squeezed them to my face, feeling the soft skin and the plumpness meld to me. I kissed the inner surfaces and licked the crevice created between them, tasting a slight saltiness as well as her cologne. I glanced sideways and saw two sets of eyes avidly watching us as Meg pulled me into her. 

I cupped her breasts and licked around each erect nipple several times and then slowly licked each nipple slowly, leaving lots of saliva soaking them. I pulled back and blew lightly making her nipples harden and crinkle and Meg to sigh out. I sucked each one and then both, making them full and bursting with excitement. I knew Meg didn't have to fake her passion, because I knew her pussy was soaking at this point. Her aroma was wafting up from under her skirt, filling my nostrils with her scent and I was spurred on to drive her wild and give the boys a show. 

I reached around behind and undid the button on her skirt and slowly undid the zipper. Meg's skirt was easy to take off with her swaying her hips still, almost involuntary to the music and the erotic feelings inside her I was creating. I pulled her blouse off completely and reached up to undo the two tiny clasps holding her tits back from freedom. 

With two well trained fingers, the hooks released and her bra gave way to me and I pulled it away from her body and tossed it towards the guys. I don't know who caught it, but the guys weren't sitting as relaxed as they were before and were sitting forward to us more. Meg was totally caught up in our time together and paid no mind to the audience of two. I grabbed the fleshy meat of Meg's ass and squeezed it tightly, as I latched my mouth back onto her swollen nipples. 

I sucked them in hard while massaging their fullness in my fingers. Meg's head rocked forward and back slowly, her eyes closed and mouth open, moaning softly, as I licked and sucked my way down her chest and belly, while I pinched and rolled her nipples in my fingers. I glanced again briefly and saw Ken quietly talking to Brian and pointing at us. Brian was agreeing with him, but never took his eyes off us. 

My mouth came to the edge of Meg's lacy panties and I used my teeth to pull the hem down the front and brought my hands to her ass and caught my fingers in the elastic ribbon and teased them slowly over the curve of her cheeks. Meg's hands crawled into my hair and pulled at me to get to her pussy. I slowly kept pulling the panties down her thighs and the gusset held between her thighs, snuggled into the folds of her pussy and adhered by the wet stickiness expelled so far. 

Finally they released and Meg sighed at the cool air attacking her hot, wet skin. Her fragrance exploded into my face and I breathed her in deeply, always enjoying her scent. I kissed her tummy and down to her Mons, watching quivers erupt and spread throughout her body. 

Meg stood naked and oblivious to everything, as I let my tongue snake along her outer labia, over her anus and back up the center lane between her dark and engorged inner lips and zeroed in on her clit. I sucked it in and licked hard with my tongue flicking it rapidly and felt Meg quiver in rhythm my tongue, shaking and twitching as I circled and flicked. 

I ran two fingers back and forth in the wet trough of her pussy and soaked them. I slid them in deeply in a slow guided move right on to her G spot. I wriggled and tapped lightly and felt the area respond in texture and tension. She was set to go off and only a trigger was needed. I took my mouth off her clit. 

"Would someone like to get a towel or two before she soaks the floor? Thanks." 

I told both of them and went back to Meg's pussy. Brian ran to the powder room and Ken ran to the kitchen and both were back with enough material to cover the floor under Meg. She was twitching and grunting, holding my head tight to her by my hair. I rubbed and tapped and curled my fingers on her spot and sucked and licked her clit hard. Meg bucked and cried, feeling her pressure build to bursting, and then the sobbing of relief came as she released her ejaculation and squirted it out in a long, pressurized blast. 

I fingered her urethra, as it squirted and drove her into a higher pitched whine as she kept squirting fluid. I could feel myself getting wet, as it splashed off the soaking wet towels in front of me. Meg was starting to collapse from her lack of muscle control, as the spasms wracked her body. I heard clapping and cheers from the guys and it almost felt like being on stage again. 

"That was one hell of a performance there, girl." 

"That was better than any video I've ever seen. Baby, you're the best. I gotta tell you, I'm fucking hard as rock right now and I bet if Meg does you like you just did her? I'll cum in my pants just watching you two. Ken was right. We were talking about how more intimate women are together, knowing the signals and using the right trigger times. I've learned so much just watching you two all the time, that I almost know what you two know. Am I right on that Ken?" 

"Oh, I'll definitely agree with you on that, Brian. I've seen and been with lots of hot women before, but you two are great together. There's no rivalry or selfishness, you're both happy to just please the other and from my experience so far, throwing a cock in between you both, doesn't upset the balance. I mean, that and the fact you're both hot ass babes, what more could a couple of great guys like us ask for. I'm looking at that sexy woman kneeling on the floor, even though she and it are soaking wet and I'd do her in a heartbeat." 

"No complaints from me either. I think Syn should wait till the next song and do a little strip for us. Let Meg get her breath and then she can show us what a Sapphic goddess she is. How about a lounge dance baby? Do us both a song while we wait." 

Brian motioned for me to come to him. He pulled me onto his lap and kissed me, running his hand up and down my thigh, pushing my skirt up higher. 

"Fuck, you are so sexy, it hurts. I'll never stop wanting to feel this beautiful body of yours, no matter how old and wrinkly you get. I'll still want to stick my tongue and limp, wrinkly, old dick into you when I'm an old fart." 

He whispered in my ear as he caressed me and held me close. 

"Oh Baby, you're such a sweet talker aren't you. I'll gladly let you do my wrinkly, old body anytime. But right now, I'm fucking, young and hot and I'm going to fuck the hell out of everyone tonight, me included." 

I breathed hotly into his ear, grabbing his cock between my legs and squeezed it tightly, feeling it grow harder. I let him go, kissed him hard and sucked and bit his lower lip as I finished. I gave him a look of dominance that I was seriously horny and ready to play. I slid off and stood up. I kissed my fingers and blew it to him and wiggled them good bye. 

I stripper walked the short distance, getting the most hip grinds per foot, up to Ken. He smiled up at me and gave those eyes. I started to melt into them and caught myself. I steeled my giddiness and exerted my own domineering look back at him. 

I knelt over his legs, straddling him and put my hands on the back of the chair, my skirt riding high up my thighs, my tits inches away from his face. 

"So you'd like a lounge dance would you. Well let me give you a house special then." 

I purred, rocking slightly so my tits swayed under his nose. I giggled and squatted down. I looked him in the eyes and smiled sweetly. 

"You are going to be fucked so much tonight, you'll think you've died and gone to heaven. Meg and I are both dying to try stuff out with you two. I hope you're going to be up to it?" 

Before he could speak, I covered his mouth with mine and curled my arms around his neck. I felt his hands come around me and hug me closer. Our tongues wrestled and I thrust into his mouth, determined to dominate him. I lapped at him and wrapped mine around his, feeling it succumb and I had him. I sucked it in my mouth and pulled it out, captured by my teeth. I let it go and sucked his erect tongue like a cock. I put my hands to the side of his face and held him, as I bit the sensitive tip lightly and then let him go. I pulled myself off of him and stood between them and looked down at Meg looking up at me from the floor. 

"Come here, sweetie. Why don't you go off and clean up and I'll take care of these two until you get back." 

I held my hand out to Meg, who got up and wiggled her ass, as she walked off to the bathroom. I went to the stereo and looked for the songs I wanted and programmed them in. 

" I'm going to need a couple of cocks to do my dance, so why don't you just get out of those things and get comfortable. And just push the table aside so I have a little more room, thanks." 

The guys stood and looked at each other and then me and then smiled and shrugged and got undressed. As they did, I wondered why guys never tried to look sexy or be seductive when they did. It was as fast and proficient as getting ready for bed. They tossed their clothes in a pile and moved the table to the side and then sat back down. I smiled and shook my head at my thought and they looked at me in wonder as to what I was thinking. 

"Nothing boys, don't worry about it. Just get ready, cuz the show's about to start." 

The song started and I moved in time and rhythm, arching my back and swaying, my skirt riding high on my thighs. I moved in a seductive flow, my hands moving over my body and my legs taking long, pausing strides in movement to the song. I stood between them, looking at them both, keeping their focus on me and how I moved. I ran my hands over my tits and squeezed them, offering up their bounty to see. I undid the buttons on my blouse, now quite transparent in large spots, where Meg's cum splashed up on me. 

Their eyes were glued on me and I watched them shift often as their comfort was interrupted by their hardening members. I slid out of my blouse and teased them, slowly sliding it off and saw the look of anticipation on their faces. Here were two guys, who had sucked and played with them already, not to mention fuck the shit out of me, literally, and they were just as eager as schoolboys with a Playboy center spread. The power of seduction, muscles were useless against it. 

The strongest men would be overcome by the overwhelming odds against them. I bared them, then cupped and caressed them. I teased the guys as I held them and swayed back and forth sideways, moving closer to one, then the other, offering them to them. I pulled at my erect nipples, stretching them out and rolling them between my fingers. I gave them a final squeezing and shifted the focus of my hands to my hips. I reached back and unzipped myself and slowly worked my skirt down so my ass kept it in place, just barely covering my pussy. I looked at both of them with eyes that commanded them to me. 

I looked at my hand and they followed my gaze and I slid it slowly into my panties. I cupped my pussy and rubbed it while I rocked to the sultry beat playing. I was doing my best to portray the physical interpretation of the music with my movements and expressions and saw both guys absentmindedly play with their cocks as they watched me. I slid my hand out and tugged my skirt a little and let gravity and my gyrations do the rest. It fell to the floor and I stepped out with one leg and stretched it languidly so my foot came to rest on the arm of the couch by Brian. I bent over and ran my fingers gently up my leg from my ankle, to my pussy and stretched back and carried them up over my tits and then into my hair. 

I raised my leg in a slow, controlled move, accentuating the length and shape and arched back until I touched the floor with my hands. Damn, I still had some moves! I kicked up with my other foot and stood on my hands, with my legs spread wide apart. I slowly descended and I rolled onto my chest and then my legs, keeping my back arched and my eyes on Brian. I brought my legs up under me and then stood slowly. 

When I reached full height, I leaned forward and let myself fall onto Brian. I stopped myself, using my hands on his thighs and I was face to face with him. I pulled in closer and let my nipples graze his chest as I came in for a kiss, but licked his lips instead. I dropped my head so my hair spilled over the top and used it to tease his skin. I looked at his hard cock, slowly being kept hard by his fingers stroking himself. I dropped lower and let my hard nipples graze the head of his cock as I swayed them back and forth. I saw a spurt of growth and a darkening in colour as my touch tantalized his erection. 

I went lower, brushing his skin with my hair and then kissed the tip of his cock lightly and stood up. I straddled him, standing on the couch and squatted slowly, until my panty covered pussy was an inch away from his nose. I know I was in full heat and my pussy was wafting its aroma for him. I slowly lowered until my clit gently touched the tip of his nose and then I slid the material aside and let it touch skin to skin. 

I rubbed my stiff little bud over his nose and then moved so my lips were spread by the bridge of his nose and did my infamous, 'Snail Trail' along his nose, leaving my juices on it. I slid off and moved seductively when I finished and gave him a deep kiss, tonguing him and sharing my taste. I pulled off of him just as his hands came up to hold me. I held his hands away and pushed back and stood up. down so I could lick it slowly with my tongue. I licked my lips 

"Later." was all I said in a sexy, seducing tone. I looked into his eyes deeply for a moment and then turned towards Ken. 

He was stroking his cock freely, bringing it to a full erect state and was offering it to me. He was giving me his best, 'I want to fuck the shit out of you' look and I stopped in front of him, standing akimbo. 

"You looking to get some of this, are you?" 

I teased, as I ran my hand over my pussy and squeezed it. I could feel how wet my panties had become already. 

I closed my legs and turned away from him, so my ass was eye level. I bent over straight legged and slowly peeled my panties down. I let the gusset hover briefly, keeping the anticipation level high, and then slid the tiny strings down and my pussy was bared to him. 

I parted my legs and ran my finger over the lips, getting it wet and showing how excited my pussy was getting. I licked my finger deeply and the using both hands, parted my cheeks and pussy lips and let him see inside. I rubbed a finger into the middle of my channel and felt a surge of lubrication coat my fingertip. I stood and turned to face him again and pushed his legs together. 

"Don't move." 

I turned and saw Meg standing behind Brian, locking her arms around his neck and stroke his chest as they watched me start on Ken. I smiled at them and then turned my attention to Ken. I bent down and put my hands on the floor and raised myself slowly into a hand stand. I spread my legs and tucked my calves in tight to my thighs, then let myself fall slowly forward so my legs straddled Ken's thighs. I held a hand to Ken to help me up and I pulled up so I came level with my tits to his face. 

The look of awe struck amazement to the move made me smile. I waggled my tits so they smacked him lightly across his cheeks and then moved in and smothered his face in them. I pulled back and cupped them so my hard nipples were staring him in the face. 

"Like my sweet titties? Want to get your hands on my babies, don't you?" 

I teased him more as I played with them, making my nipples full and erect. I let my right tit go and slid my hand down my stomach and down over my mound. I slid a finger inside and coated it with my lube. I rubbed my clit briefly and brought it under his nose. I pressed my fingertip to his lips and he licked and sucked it in, cleaning my finger completely. I reached back down and pushed his hand away from his cock and took it in mine. I squeezed it tight, cutting off the return blood flow and he was stiff as a rod. I slowly and gently rubbed the engorged head between my pussy lips, feeling my wetness transfer and coat the head. 

Ken tried to push into me, but I held him down and kept sliding it back and forth. The second song was half way and I wanted to get back to Meg for my close. I slid down, holding his cock in my hand and then in a fluid motion, swallowed him down almost the entire length and came back up. Ken groaned loud at the pleasure and I let it go. His eyes popped open at the desertion and watched me move away towards Meg. 

I locked my eyes on her and she smiled a little nervously as she saw the unbridled lust I was feeling. I stalked her and took her away from Brian and stood her up with her back to the back of the couch beside Brian. Meg stood transfixed by me and waited for me to do something. I reached up and cupped her tits, but instead of fondling her, I pushed her backwards over the couch. She cried out in fear and her legs came up to my hands. I grabbed them, stopping her descent slowly as she bounced on the seat cushion, looking back at me in surprise. 

"You still have some unfinished business to attend to, don't you?" 

I told Meg, holding her legs firmly to the back of the couch. 

"Put your hands at your side, and don't move!" 

I told her firmly, more for safety than obedience, but I liked the reaction to my command. Her legs were well parted and her freshly, cleaned pussy was open to me. I closed my mouth around it and held it still, as I pushed up with my legs up and into a handstand. I spread my legs wide and arched them over for balance. I licked her for several seconds and raised my head enough to tuck it under. I rolled forward and slowly landed with my legs straddling Meg's face. Her eyes were wide with amazement. 

"Holy Fuck, Syn! I had no idea you were so flexible. How can you still do that after having a baby?" 

"You really are one lucky motherfucker aren't you, Brian? It's like porn and the Olympics coming together. What a hell of a category that would make."
