 The coroner's report was going to read "Spontaneous combustion due to excessive hormone buildup." It would certainly not be the "Repeated blunt force trauma to the pussy" that I would have preferred. As soon as Mary opened that door, I knew that any chance of me getting off was over. Why did she have to walk her puritanical self into his office? She could have at least knocked! I had hoped to have gotten his cock inside something other than my mouth before he finished. Sadly, as soon as he saw Miss Mary in her high-necked blouse and below-the-knee skirt, Mr. Cum-Too-Quick shot his load all over my face. Since I was a little peeved at her for robbing me of what I needed most, I turned and smiled at her as I licked his cum from the edges of my mouth. She, of course, ran from the room like the prude I knew her to be. It served her right. She wasn't the one who could combust at any second.

Ted, my boss and the guy currently repacking his package, laughed as she left. I was sure he'd be jerking off to thoughts of her sometime later. I stood up (without any assistance from him) and started cleaning myself off. As he went back to sit as his desk, I glared at his back and tried to refrain from sticking my tongue out at him. I really didn't like the man. He was such a slime. However, cock was cock and his had been convenient. 

I know some people refer to me as a slut, tramp, or whore. I used to let it bother me. I would whine about not having any female friends and I complained that all the guys expected blow jobs just because I gave one to some other schmoe. Stupid things like that. Then, the point came where I just stopped caring. I did what I needed to do to get through my day. I realized that most people didn't have the same cravings that I did. Normal people could easily go for a month or more without having sex of any kind. If I don't have a good hard cum every couple of days, I can't think straight. I get irritable, angry, and just impossible to be around. There are rare occasions where I don't even get that long. Many times I will be in the middle of a meeting and my brain will become flooded with sexual thoughts. I start imagining how it would feel to be bent over the table and fucked from behind by the guy sitting beside me. Sometimes I imagine being on top of the table, penetrated in every available orifice by the men, while the women play with my breasts and massage cum into my skin. It makes it really hard to concentrate.

Today was not going to be a good day. I still had three hours of work to do before I could find someone to alleviate this need that had been steadily building since I woke up. I'm sure you are wondering why I don't just masturbate like most guys do. Well, I do but for some reason, it's never enough. It only seems to stem the tide. I need to be fucked and I'm not talking about a few minutes of love-making. I mean a good hard can't-walk-afterwards fucking, the kind that brings back arching, toe curling orgasms. I had considered becoming a prostitute at one time, but the clients can be mean and they are not always willing to provide orgasms. It is bad enough when you're giving it away, but when people pay for it they expect to have full use of your body without question. 

On bad days, like today, I usually try to grab a willing co-worker and bang him (or her) in the stairwell or bathroom. If no one is willing, I use the dildo I keep in my purse for emergencies. Since my willing co-worker plan backfired, it was going to be Donnie the Dildo's turn today. It wouldn't give me the relief I was looking for, but it would cool me down for a few hours – just enough to get through the day.

After letting myself out of my boss's office, I grabbed my purse from my cubicle and worked my way to the ladies' room. I caught a few appreciative glances from some of the guys and some turned-up noses from the girls, except for Melanie who gave me a knowing smile. She knew where I was headed and for what reason because she and I had once shared Donnie. 

Just thinking about that caused my pussy to quiver. Melanie was an exhibitionist. She enjoyed showing herself off to others especially when she knew it would cause a reaction. That day, I had been in a state of pure lust and she kept flashing her tits to anyone she could, hoping for a response. I had apparently given her the response she desired. When she saw me walk to the bathroom, she waited a few minutes and followed me. I had not been expecting her. I had already gotten into the stall and had my skirt up to my waist. She heard my rapid, heavy breathing and knocked on the door.

"You know, if you need help with that, I'd be happy to give you a hand." she purred. "I know what you're doing. Don't try to pretend you're not. Just open the door and I'll take care of the rest."

True to her word, as soon as I opened the door, she took Donnie from my hand and put him to work. Using Donnie, her mouth, and her hands she had me convulsing with orgasmic bliss in no time. Afterward, I gladly returned the favor. I'm always willing to give as good as I get. 

I had no hope that she would be joining me today because though she and I became friends that day, she still didn't have the drive that I did. Also, Melanie was more about the tease than the act itself. 

As I walked toward the bathroom, the lips of my pussy slid back and forth along my thong, teasing my clit. The pressure of each step increased my need and pushed me closer to the edge. I barely made it to the restroom stall before snatching up my skirt and shoving my dildo into my glistening hole. I pulled my breasts out of my low-cut top and ran my tongue over each of my nipples. My breasts were just large enough for me to lightly suck on them if I stretched. I propped my right foot on the silver plumbing above the toilet and leaned against the wall. I shoved Donnie in and out of my pussy, grinding the base into my clit each time. I pulled him out completely and rubbed him back and forth between my outer lips, forcing it to bump my clit before slamming it back into me. Reaching down, I massaged my clit as I used the dildo to abuse my poor vagina. Its walls clamped down on the dildo as my orgasm ricocheted throughout my body. To keep from crying out, I bit down on my lower lip. My foot slid from the plumbing and I slumped against the wall leaving the dildo still inside of me. Unable to stop completely, I worked my inner muscles, pulling it in, milking it a little longer as the aftershocks wound down.

Still a bit wobbly, I pulled my skirt down and my shirt up. Then I rushed over to the sink to clean Donnie off before storing him away in my purse again. Looking in the mirror, I noticed my cheeks were flushed and my lower lip was slightly swollen but otherwise there was no difference. I took a few deep calming breaths and headed back to work.

The three hours passed quickly once I was able to concentrate on my work. There were a few moments when I had to squeeze my legs together and force myself to focus, but I made it.

As I walked to my car, I was already planning my evening. I needed something hot, hard, and dirty and I knew just the place. It was this rough strip club just outside of town that was usually filled with cowboys, plowboys, or truckers. I wasn't in the mood for a trucker, but a nice thick plowboy would be fun. My friend Franny in accounting worked there part-time stripping and occasionally got paid to watch guys masturbate. The owner, Bob, and I had a good deal going. I would dance in his club on nights when I felt worked-up and he looked the other way when I brought guys to the backroom and fucked them blind. Of course, giving him the occasional blow job didn't hurt either.

I drove home as quickly as traffic would allow cursing it all the way. At one point I could have sworn that I saw Melanie in her convertible flashing her boobs at someone. Why she didn't get a job as a stripper I never understood but I could at least understand her kink. There is a thrill in knowing that someone is jerking off thinking of you. 

My house finally came into view. I ground my thighs together thinking about the fun I would have tonight. I never really questioned if it would happen. With tits like mine in a bar full of horny guys, it was inevitable.

I wanted to quickly shower, but the shower massager required a bit of attention. I let the soft rainfall setting slowly bring me to a shuddering climax. Now maybe I could refrain from jumping on the first guy I saw.

I toweled off and dressed as quickly as I could, trying to make up the time that I lost in the shower. Half an hour later I pulled into a parking lot filled mostly with trucks and the occasional Jeep. Guys in jeans and boots were already migrating to the front door to stand in the ever-growing line. I parked around back and snuck into the employees' entrance. 

Bella, one of the regular dancers, saw me and shook her head. "Girl you are going to put me out of business tonight. With that hot, horny pussy of yours every guy in here is going to be trying to get his hands on you." 

She always said that. While I did tend to draw a crowd, there was no way I was going to put her out of business. Bella herself was a hot piece of work. With long black hair, large firm tits, and an ass that just begged to be fucked, guys lined up to watch her. She was so good she had to start handing out towels because so many guys were cumming in their pants after watching her. Okay, so maybe that was an exaggeration, but I had seen several guys walking away with stains on the front of their pants. Bella was lust incarnate. The way she walked, spoke, and breathed all spoke of the erotic being that she was. Thinking of Bella like this gave me an idea.

"Hey Bella, I was just thinking. In all the years I have been coming here, we have never danced together. I think we should change that tonight. What do you think? Do you think Bob would mind?" 

"Oooh, I thought you'd never ask. As for Bob, will he mind? I think he will be sitting in the front row!" 

We went to the dressing area, oiled up, and put on our outfits. We grudgingly asked Bob if he was cool with a duet and he readily agreed. I let Bella go out onto the floor first. I wanted to give her time to get started as well as get a good look at the crowd. The house was fairly packed tonight and I had a lot of man-meat to choose from. I looked them all over and found just what I needed. To the left of the stage, fresh from the farm, sat what, based upon how similar they looked, had to be two brothers. Both of them were over six feet tall with big meaty hands and thick hairy arms. 

Bella was already working the pole like the pro she was. She danced her way around until she was facing me with the pole between her ass cheeks giving the guys in the crowd an interesting view. She worked the pole up and down the slit in her ass stroking all the way to the floor and back up as she wiggled her finger at me to join her. I strutted out on the stage not looking at any of the guys, but aiming straight for her. I stood directly in front of her and put my arms on the pole just above her head as she began her downward slide. Gyrating my hips, I rubbed my pussy mound over her abdomen which, as she slid, slowly became her face. Taking her time, she worked her way up and stood dancing against me face to face. I leaned in close and rubbed my body up against hers, sliding against her oil-slicked skin. She worked her knee in between my legs pushing it into my steadily pulsating pussy. I leaned down and rubbed my face into her breasts pushing them further and further out of their cups. I grasped the bottom string of the bra in my teeth and snatched it off of her. The Velcro easily gave way and the bra went flying off the stage, hitting Brother Number One. Bella, not to be outdone, leaned forward, forcing me backward and licked up into my cleavage, removing my bra with her tongue. She spat my bra at the nearest thrall watching as he held it to his nose and breathed in our scents.

Free from the confines of our bras, we danced together slowly, massaging each other's breasts and pressing them firmly into each other. Suddenly, Bella turned me around and made me face the crowd. Much to my delight, it put me directly in front of my two soon-to-be friends. She wrapped one arm around my upper body, holding me in place with one hand on my left breast. With the other hand, she caressed my abdomen gradually working down to my pubic mound. She grabbed a handful of my pussy, grinding her palm into me. My knees almost gave out from the bolt of desire that ran through me. I looked at my guys, ran my tongue over my lips, and reached behind me to grab her ass. I spread her cheeks as far apart as I could, running my fingers along her crack. She returned the favor by pulling my thong deep into my pussy lips, capturing my clit within its folds. I prodded her hole with my fingers, ripped the thong off, and tossed it to Brother Number Two. A second later, my dripping thong went flying into the crowd. 

By this time, we were both fully naked and the crowd was in an uproar. Even guys standing in the back were cheering us on. Bob, laughingly, was one of those guys. Bella, who always knew what her crowd needed, pulled my hair back; licked down my neck; and pushed me to the floor on all fours. The crowd went wild. She slid her palms up my back and grabbed my hair just as she rammed her pussy into me. She banged into me a few more times, before letting go of my hair so that she could grab my hips. She pushed her mound into me, grinding it back and forth. With her right hand she slapped me hard on the ass. I looked up into the eyes of Brother Number One and smiled. His eyes were glazed with lust and his jeans were straining against the bulge of his cock. I strained against Bella's grip, inching toward my prey. Sensing where I was headed, she changed her grip back to my hair and gave me some slack. I resembled a barely leashed panther fighting its master. I reached the edge of the stage and dipped my head down towards his lap. His eyes widened and his package tightened. I licked my lips straining towards him, but Bella pulled me back onto the stage. She wagged her finger at him and smacked me on my ass again. Still holding onto my hair, she turned me around until I was face to face with her pussy. This also placed my ass directly in front of my two guys. I arched my back, giving them a nice view of my currently dripping pussy. With my face aimed at her crotch, Bella began to gyrate her hips, inching ever closer to my mouth. I looked over to the opposite side of the stage and winked at those standing close. Then, as she edged close, I licked her thigh, just to the right of her labia. She flinched as I watched her pussy contract. She glared down at me I smiled back and licked the other side. She pulled me to my feet and put her mouth to my ear. "Time to separate sugar before the stage is too slippery to dance. One more lick and I would have been cumming all in your mouth." 

I kissed her neck and moved away from her. We each danced and moved around the stage being sure not to leave anyone out. Before long, cash littered the stage. 

At that point, I dropped to my knees and crawled over to my intended lovers. I contorted myself into multiple positions, showing them both what I had to offer. After lying on my back with my legs spread-eagle, I leaned forward and asked Brother Number One if he'd like a lap dance. Heat rose in his cheeks, but he dumbly nodded his head as he fumbled with his wallet and placed a twenty between his teeth. Brother Number Two kindly helped me down from the stage and onto his brother's lap. I noticed him digging through his wallet, looking for a twenty as well. After finding what he was looking for, he settled back down in his chair. I had his and his brother's full attention. 

The song came on and I began to move against him. I pressed hard against the rapidly increasing knot in his lap, working myself into a frenzy. He moaned and held his arms to the side to avoid touching me. I watched as his hands flexed rapidly as if he were struggling with the urge to grab me. I slid down his lap and shook my heavy tits at his groin, slapping them back and forth across his hidden cock. I worked my way down until his crotch was level with my face and I made motions and noises to mimic a blowjob. Apparently, that really worked for Brother Number Two because he began to shift around in his seat and breathe heavier. I turned slowly, put my hands on the stage, leaned forward and placed my ass on his lap. I twerked my hips rapidly, being sure to smack his cock with my pussy. I leaned back and massaged my tits with my hands, pinching my nipples, pulling them into hard peaks. The song was nearly finished so I turned back around, tossed the twenty onto the stage, and put my tits in his face while I ground my pussy into him. He grunted into my cleavage and snuck his tongue into the crevice. I leaned down and kissed his cheek then whispered directions to the special room as the song ended, being sure to tell him to wait for his brother. He raised an eyebrow at me, but nodded in agreement. 

I then turned to Brother Number Two as the next song began. There was a small table between the two guys. I placed my foot on top of it and jerked my pussy at his face. He shifted uncomfortably in his chair and grasped the bottom as I edged a little closer. I reached down with my free hand and touched myself, slipping my fingers over the glistening folds. Juices dripped down my fingers and I dipped them into my ass crack, moaning as I massaged deeper. I could feel his brother leaning in, watching me stretch my ass cheeks apart and tickle my asshole. I shifted my position and faced the stage. Bending in half, I grabbed my ankles and flexed my ass. I bobbed and weaved in front of his face working my way down to his lap. I bounced on his lap being sure to force his cock bulge deeper between the globes of my butt. I rocked back and forth, soaking the front of his jeans. I felt myself getting close to orgasm, so I shifted positions again trying to prolong the inevitable. Holding my breasts in my hands, I rubbed my nipples across his lips and face then pushed his face into my cleavage. Muffled moans could be heard coming from him as I felt him lunge his hips forward trying to get better contact with my muff. I obliged by pushing down hard on his lap and twisting my hips. He shuddered but I could tell he had not yet cum. 

Thankfully, the song ended and I rose from his lap before he could finish without me. Giving him the same kiss on the cheek as well as the same instructions that I gave his brother, I walked to the back. Bella caught me before I could head to the special room. "Darling, I know you already have your treats picked out for tonight, but the next time your sweet spot starts craving something, come back here and dance with me again. Next time, we won't stop at all. If we give lap dances, we'll do them together and then I will take care of you personally when we shut down for the night."

I drooled over the thought. As much as I anticipated what I had waiting for me, getting to play with Bella excited me even more. "Next time" might come sooner than she thought.

I threw on a small robe and walked to where the guys were waiting. Normally the room is for only one person, but when I saw the guys together, I had Lobo the bodyguard toss an extra chair in for me. I entered to see the guys sitting on their chairs looking somewhat nervous but very excited. A couch rested against the far wall. I loved this room. Mirrors lined every wall. You could see yourself and your partner from every angle. Guys loved getting blow jobs in this room because they could watch me play with myself in the mirror behind me while I sucked and milked their cocks. 
