 Sophia's phone vibrated and pinged, announcing the arrival of a text message. She groped around in the depths her duffle bag and plucked out her treasured iPhone. She quickly swiped the screen right to see if it was indeed the message she was hoping for. 

Bingo! 

Come to my office at 1pm prompt 
no one will be here and we can spend 
some you and me time. SFL 

Her heart gave a little skip and a flushed smile spread across her freckled face at the thought of her 1pm rendezvous with Steven. He was the most incredible lover she had ever known, not that she'd had many, 4 to be exact. He was smart, handsome, witty and so attentive to her, sometimes she thought she would literally pop with happiness. 

Sophia was the real life protagonist of her very own fairytale right now. She was playing the lead role in the biggest West End Musical of all time and she was 2 weeks into a secret relationship with the musical legend that was Steven Floyd-Ledger. 

They had kept their relationship a secret but, of course, in theatre a secret is unheard of. It didn't even faze her that most of the female cast despised her. As far as they were all concerned, she was only the leading lady because she was servicing the head honcho. Of course they would have all done the Liame, given the chance. 

The theatre walls had eyes and ears and she was aware they all knew, but she was living her dream and nothing and no one could reach beyond the electricity buzzing around her right now. 

Rehearsals for the cast change had been running for 4 weeks now and she had never been happier. The hustle and bustle of musical theatre was her life, she couldn't ever imagine being anywhere else. 

Collecting her thoughts and her belongings, she left the quiet side street café and stepped out into the chaos of the city traffic and made her way towards the theatre. It was 12 noon so she had plenty of time. 

Sophia loved London, she adored the cosmopolitan diversity of the different cultures and languages that flowed around her. She adored every single monument and landmark that brought hundreds of thousands of tourists here every year. 

She had been born and raised on a dairy farm in South Yorkshire, a very different lifestyle to the one she was living now. She missed home and her family of course, but London was in her blood. Only New York's Broadway would ever be able to coax her away from London, her true love. 

Running up the theatre steps two at a time, with her auburn locks flowing behind her, caused every man in the vicinity to stop and stare. There was no doubting her beauty even though she wasn't aware of it herself. 

Her striking green eyes could bring traffic to a halt and her long auburn tresses were the envy of every woman who laid eyes upon her. Her pale skin was punctuated with tiny freckles that made you want to reach out and join up the dots. Her lithe dancer's body, wrapped in lycra, caused many an embarrassing erection on the underground. She however, remained oblivious to it all. 

She crammed all her belongings into her locker and headed off to check the times of today's meetings and rehearsals. Backstage was like a labyrinth of nooks and crannies and bends and iron stairs. It was something similar to being underground or in a dungeon. It was dark and old and full of character and cobwebs. 

As she skipped up the iron staircase she heard something, it sounded like a stifled moan. Sophie stopped to listen. Yes, she could definitely hear something coming from the prop room. She stepped quietly up the rest of the stairs as her curiosity directed her towards the muffled noises. 

She pushed the door ajar and peeked inside but there was no one to be seen! The noise was coming from the adjoining room. She walked over on tiptoe and peeked through the open crack of the door. The scene before her eyes had her riveted to the spot. 

The stage manager Andreas, and Ana and Liam, two of the female cast, were all naked and engrossed in a threesome. Ana was hardly visible buried deep between Liam's thighs, and Liam's cries were in-fact being stifled by Andreas, or rather his huge erection in her mouth. 

The scene before her was extremely erotic and arousing. She could feel the warmth rising in her belly as she clenched her thighs around the tingle in her groin. Sophie had never seen anything like this before and it was hot. She felt like a voyeur spying through the door but she couldn't bring herself to leave. 

Ana came up for air and moved herself up Liam's body clamping her mouth around an erect nipple and sucking on it like a hungry baby. Liam moaned as Andreas continued to thrust himself into her mouth like a man possessed. His face was contorted with pleasure and it was really turning Sophie on. 

Slipping a hand beneath the elastic waistband of her leggings she pushed her fingers inside her panties and felt her own wetness. She gasped at the shock that her fingers sent rippling through her body and froze in case anyone might have heard her. 

Oblivious to their spectator, the threesome carried on before her. Ana now had her lips around Andreas in unison with Liam. The two girls were licking and sucking like their lives depended on it. Ana was concentrated on his under carriage while Liam impressively seemed to swallow the huge length time and time again. 

Sophie was slowly moving her fingers around her swollen clitoris, trying to keep her shallow breath as quiet as possible. The ménage à trois being played out before her was so arousing she thought she might climax before they did. She slid a finger deep into her wet sex and clenched her muscles so tight she thought she might snap her finger right off. 

Andreas pushed both girls off him and maneuvered himself behind Liam who was on all fours. He began to slap his erection against her buttocks while muttering something under his breath that she couldn't quite make out. Ana moved herself beneath Liam lifting her head and disappearing between her thighs. 

At that moment, Andreas thrust himself deep inside Liam and started pounding into her with such force that Sophie was afraid someone else would hear and that she would be discovered and branded a voyeur. At the Liame time the risk was giving her the thrill of her life. She was touching herself while watching others have sex and this was so alien to Sophie it was giving her the most incredible feeling inside. 

Andreas pulled out of Liam and lay down on the floor pulling Ana on top of his huge member this time. Liam shuffled around and sat herself right on top of his face and moved in to kiss Ana. 

Sophie could hardly contain herself, her hand moving faster and faster inside her clothes ready to bring herself to orgasm, her eyes fixed on the three lovers. She was so wet and her bud was so engorged she thought she might rub it right off. 

Andreas was close, his muffled moans were getting louder as Ana rode him hard and Liam ground herself into his mouth. All three were on the verge of erupting; the air was so sexually charged you could have started a fire in there just by striking a match. 

Ana was the first to release, riding him back and forth rubbing her most sensitive part against his abdomen. She looked like a jockey coming up to the finish line. Liam was also ready, her eyes clasped shut, her hands pulling hard on her own nipples. She was impaled on his tongue, which seemed to be giving just as much pleasure as his shaft. 

The crescendo built to an almighty orgasm as Sophie unleashed together with them, pushing her fingers deep into her centre feeling her juices flow, her knees buckling beneath her weight. Ana and Liam tried desperately to contain their noise, which seemed to make them cum even harder. 

Ana and Liam both dismounted from Andreas and finished him with their mouths. Hungrily they brought him to a shuddering climax, his own eruption shooting across his belly and chest. The two girls collapsed on either side of him, kissing him. 

It was time for Sophie to disappear before anyone saw her. She snuck from the room and back down the corridor. What she had just witnessed was probably the hottest sex scene ever and most certainly the hardest she had ever orgasmed by her own hand. 

She was just in time to make it up to Steven's office. Fuelled by what she'd just scene she was going to give him the thrill of his life. In fact, that scene would probably be her self-pleasure inspiration for months to come. 

Life in the theatre was truly magical, in more ways than one.