 Deep in the inner thoughts of every person there is a world of silent desires. A world hidden from those around us, existing as a universe within itself, where we can journey to without the inhibitions that reality has on us. Some refer to it as imagination, and others ridicule it as dementia. Whatever the name, it lives inside and can become as important and satisfying as any physical reality.

Each trek to this forbidden refuge is ever changing. It is never the same as the previous journey. Alterations as small as tiny details or as huge as the entire experience being different, make each fantasy mysterious and exciting. As these dream-like journeys grow bolder and the realization that the limits of real life don’t hamper the events, it is easy to see how this world can become overwhelming. 

Unlike dreams, which only provide a uncontrollable ride, these adventures are orchestrated thru the mind and every sense is led by the imagination. The more open the mind is to this imaginative guidance, the more apt the journey is to push the envelope of mystery and desire. The deeper the mind goes into this shadow world of fantasy and desire, the more vivid the experience. It all depends on the minds willingness to dance with the imagination and venture into the magical and adrenalin filled visions. 

“Dancing in the Shadows” is an art form that can only be tasted if the mind is strong enough to step away and know that it is all meant to remain in the darkness. To reveal such desires is to spoil the integrity of the shadows. The world will collapse around itself and re entry is nearly impossible. Most reality based thinking denies such a world exists, but an open mind to fantasy and secret thoughts know that this world can add the spice to any life.

This tale of desire and lust is not for the faint of spirit or weaker minds to experience. 

The scent of her perfume spilt around his head and the lust fed her teasing attention as she continued to brush against him. She could see his desire and toyed with the idea that he was attracted to her. She splashed her loosely curled brunette hair about his face and he could fill the burn of his lust roaring inside his muscular body. 

As the days went by and the games she played with him grew more intense and bolder in her display of needed thirst for sexual pleasure. She almost dared him to respond to her lustful advances. But he maintained his composure, struggling to conceal his desire. She recognized his battle and as if a wild animal stalking its prey, she began to attack his defenses from every side. Gentle caresses, coy whispers, and playful touching fueled the demise of his granite wall. 

Unknowing to her, his companion and counter part was lurking in the background. With a gleam in her eye, she watched as he struggled to remain in control of the lust that was visible in his eyes. She felt the same thirst for this teasing vixen and the when her eyes locked with his, there was the signal of a slightly raised eyebrow. She smiled ever so greedily and began to set the scenario for their lustful feeding frenzy. The playful young brunette would never see it coming.

The end of the workday had come and gone, and the brunette had noticed the room nearly empty. Only Alec, Diedra, and herself remained and she watched as Diedra began getting ready to leave. In her naive mind, she saw this as a sign to really turn up the heat and watch him squirm. 

As Diedra walked from the room, she followed her until she turned down the hall. Then she moved in. She ran her soft fingers around the nape of his neck and felt him quiver beneath his shirt. She leaned over and whispered how good it could be and how excited she was. She listened as his breathing labored. A smile crept onto her face, as she brushed her breasts against his shoulder. His attempt to concentrate was spoiled as he glanced into her eyes, then down to a clear vision down her blouse. 

When his eyes returned to hers, she was grinning at his obvious desire. His voice shook as he asked what she had in mind. She laughed at his boldness, but took it as another ploy to corner her innocence thru sexual innuendoes and verbal advances. She replied that it was his choice, feeling confident he would balk at the opportunity as he always had before. 

At first, he did. He smiled playfully and tried to turn his attention back to the desk. But she would have none of this and relished in the thought of driving him into a lustful but controlled state of frustration. She felt sure she had him “on the ropes” and that her prowess was giving her the upper hand. She could taste a sweet warm flow of her power coursing thru her veins and thrilled at the thought of being in charge of this otherwise sticky situation. 

But when he turned back to her, she saw a new and dangerous boldness in his eyes and she hesitated to go in further. His deep voice rolled off his lips with a rumble, as he told her how desperately he wanted her. The flow of power drained out of her with a gush, and it left her almost trembling at the sound of his voice. Suddenly, the game had turned and she was caught in the lustful desire she had been feeding him. She could hardly control herself as he wet his lips with his tongue. The air between them became thick and tainted with their breath. She thought of pulling back, but her strength was gone. She felt herself falling under his complete control. Her only comfort was the surroundings and timing. She thought to herself that he wouldn’t try anything here. But when he gently caressed her cheek, she knew what had to happen.

His fingers traced her cheek, and then slipped down her neck. She rolled her head into his hand trying to regain control, but her body, as if with a mind of its own, slide against him. He turned his chair and she fell onto his lap. She felt him inside is slacks, hard and long. This sent a shock wave pulsing thru her body. All the hesitation vanished and she leaned her face into his neck and began it lightly kiss his warm skin. He tilted his head allowing her to taste his neck, and she pressed against his lap with her thigh. She had to have him and she didn’t think she could wait much longer. 

She began to open his shirt, but he gently stopped her hands. She felt a sense of desperation, how could he stop her now. But then he motioned toward the darkened office at the end of the hall. She agreed and tried to stand up, without revealing how her knees were shaking. She began to walk as straight as she could. With every step, the idea of this began to trouble her, and just before she turned to deny this, his warm hand slipped thru her hair. The touch sent a shock thru her, and she began to stagger from its power. 

Almost drunk from his touch, she entered to darkness, anxious for him to ravage her tender body like a wild beast. She turned waiting for his body to press against her. She was starving for another sensation of his bulge, his warmth, and the hunger to feel him inside her was almost painful. She had never felt anything like the desire she was experiencing. 

It seemed like an eternity until he neared her in the darkness. As she raised her hands to his chest, she realized he had taken his shirt off and his skin was heaven. She ran her fingers around his chests onto his back. Then down, and found only his buttocks. He was naked and she now felt his cock pressing against her. 

He ran his hands down her blouse and slowly released every button and dropped the shirt on the floor. Her bra followed it to the floor and cool air on her nipples hardened them even more than her lustful adrenalin had already. He kneaded each breast as if he were a master chef learning every ounce of these treats. Then he ran one hand to the arch of her back while the other traced down her breast bone onto her stomach and on into the top of her skirt. She held her breath as she froze against his neck, concentrating on his hand. 

Slowly, his warm soft hand slid beneath her silky panties and into her pubic hair. Then his fingers discovered her wetness and began to swim into her massaging every tender spot. She braced for the orgasm as she felt his fingers vibrating inside her. They moved so fast and seemed to have a mind of their own. Faster and faster they moved up and down and in and out. She felt her knees getting weak but his hand on her back pulled her up. She labored to breath as the orgasm sped toward the peak. The gasp ceased altogether just before she arched her hips into his hand and erupted. She moaned loudly as he balanced her from falling over. She shook from head to toe with the orgasm, and he held her up as the wave subsided. 

But his hand didn’t stop. She was surprised but it felt so good she wasn’t about to complain. Again, she erupted and again he held her up. Again, and again, and again, his magical fingers took her to orgasm after orgasm. Finally, she begged to know what he was trying to do to her. But he said nothing, and his hand continued to vibrate. Again and again and again, and she felt stone-faced drunk from the multiple eruptions. 

She pleaded again for him to just tell her and she would do anything he asked, but she couldn’t handle much more of this. 

Are you sure you’ll do anything? He asked thru the darkness. Yeas anything she said gasping for breath. 

Suddenly her skirt began to slide down but she knew where both his hands were. Then her panties slid off but with his fingers still massaging every inch of her, she didn’t care. She looked up to him, and he kissed her, but in mid-kiss another orgasm burst thru her and her mouth flew open. But instead of stopping the kiss, he traced her quivering lips with his. She tasted his wet tongue gently moving around her mouth. 

She was in still quaking from the orgasm when his hand slipped away. She was about to collapse on the table when another hand slipped around her from behind. These fingers dove into her wetness and restarted the massaging. She leaned her head back, and pressed against her back were the warmth and softness of two breasts. As she rolled her head toward the face, she recognized the scent of perfume. It was Diedra. 

This was quiet a shock at first, but this experience was too intense to stop. As Diedra vibrated her finger in and out and up and down, she also caressed her breast with her other hand. She had never felt some many different levels of orgasms and as every level erupted from her, she learned to let go a little more each time. It seemed like hours flew by as orgasm after orgasm after orgasm. 

While Diedra kept the flow steaming from her, Alec explored every aspect of the two. He didn’t limit himself to just her, but both women felt him massaging and tasting their bodies. Then he stood in front of the two and took her hand and placed it on his throbbing cock. She tried to do more than just hold it but Diedra had her orgasms coming so fast and so intense she could barely think straight. Then Diedra took her other hand and slid it behind her back and suddenly she felt Diedra’s wetness. She found the sensation so exciting she could hardly keep her feet, but he balanced them. 

Now both women were having orgasms almost in unison. The moans and breathing was heated and labored. Thru the darkness he watched the silhouettes tremble again and again as he felt their bodies quake at his touch. 

Finally, he leaned into them and they gently lowered their bodies onto the couch. Neither of them lost any time returning their fingers back to the others wetness. They continued to use their fingers to lure the orgasms in waves for each other. 

Then, his patience paid off. He leaned over them as they seized from an orgasm, and gently removed Diedras hand. Just as her body flexed, he slid his cock deep within her. She groaned out load, feeling him driving deep with in her. Never before had she felt anything so deep. He thrusted in and out and in and out and she began to almost scream with the orgasms that came with every stroke. Her legs locks around him with an eruption that took her breath. 

Just then, he slid his cock from within her and she felt Diedra gasp for a breath. Alec drove his cock under her and into Diedra’s wet cunt. He reached around her and kneaded Diedra’s breast as he thrusted in and out ands in and out, until she too erupted with such intensity, it almost pushed her off the fleshy heap. 

Alec repeated this again and again and again until both women were cumming with just a touch of his pulsating cock. Sweat drenched all three of them and she felt like she was going to pass out. She complained that she was getting light headed, so Diedra let her lay down on the opposite of the couch. There was a pause in the action and she thought it must be done, cause she was sure she had all she could take. 

After a few calm moments of nothing but heavy breathing, she pulled herself up to the arm of the couch. Diedra got up and walked around to face her. Diedra took a chair and motioned her to lean up to her. Diedra slid her hand behind her jaw and pulled her up to her face. Diedra kissed her and slipped her tongue into the unsuspecting mouth. As the two explored the kiss, Alec climbed onto the couch and caressed her buttocks. Then he moved up to her and reached around her hip with his fingers and began to massage her again. She began to moan thru the kiss, but Diedra kept her from slipping away. While their lips were locked, Diedra began to knead her breast and pulled her hands to her own, and she began to massage Diedra’s perky breasts. 

Alec found his way to her soaked cunt and slowly moved his cock into her. She tried to push against him but could not handle the depth he was going. As Alec began to drive deeper and deeper and faster and faster, she moaned into Diedra’s mouth. He accelerated to a frenzied pace and the force of the thrusting was making it difficult for them to keep kissing. So Diedra leaned up and put one of her breast in front of her face, bouncing off her wet lips. After a few times, she opened her mouth and tasted the luscious breast. But she couldn’t concentrate because of penetrating so hard and fast. Orgasm after orgasm erupted around his cock, but still he continued. 

Finally Alec began to moan and thrust faster and harder. He growled as his orgasm exploded into her. He continued on but after a few minutes his steam was draining out of him. The sound and feeling of his cumming was as intense as theirs and they both reached to feel him quake. 

As the end grew near, they all collapsed onto the couch and gently caressed each other’s skin. The feel of sweat streaming across the 3 tickled them and through the darkness each one could see the satisfaction on each other’s faces.