 Chapter 13: Tropical Paradise

The blood, red sun hung low in the sky and the waves slowly rolled up and crashed on the sandy beach. Danger was walking along the beach with two of friends, Drew and Todd. The three had taken off for Hawaii for some rest and relaxation, and they also hoped to sample some fine Hawaiian pussy. However they had been unsuccessful so far at getting any of the girls at their resort into bed. Since this particular beach had a number of resort hotels, the trio had decided to try their luck at another establishment.

As they approached the next resort they noticed a group of people standing around the beach facing the other direction. When they drew closer they could see that it was a photo shoot of some kind with a small group of onlookers gathered around. In front of the camera was a gorgeous redhead wearing a silver string bikini. She was sitting on a piece of drift wood posing as the photographer snapped numerous shots. Drew then noticed that some of the people were looking off to the side of the action and clearly found out why when he followed their gaze. Four other models were standing, all clad in skimpy bathing suits, watching the redhead.

Drew nudged Danger and Todd and the three moved over to where the four models were standing and started chatting them up. One girl came over to them almost instantly. She was a bit shorter than the guys and had a light brown complexion, perfectly round and perky tits, just like the other girls and was wearing a silver one piece that seemed to cling to her body even tighter than her skin.

"I suppose you guys are going to try to pick us up and get invited back to our hotel room?" she said with a Caribbean accent. The guys were a bit shocked at her forwardness and started stumbling for a reply. "Well there won't be anything happening in our room, these must be listening at the walls. The slightest noise and they come rushing in to make sure we haven't injured ourselves. If they hear an orgy going on there'd be hell to pay. But if you could arrange a get together somewhere secluded we'd sneak away in a flash seeing how bored and horny we all are. And you're the first decent lookin' fellas we've seen since we got here," she finished as she ran her finger down Drew's chest.

Noticing that his friend was turning to jelly Danger jumped in, "I think we can arrange something, Miss, uhh..."

"Oh I'm Naomi, I'm from Cuba," she then turned to the others, "redhead whoring to the camera is Heather, she's Scottish. The blond is Ingrid. She's Swedish, big surprise. The tall, skinny, black haired chick is Petra. She's Russian and the other one is Lorna. She's an Aussie. Why don't you guys swing by our room around midnight, our bodyguards usually get drunk and watch a porn all night so they probably won't even notice. Ingrid was scouting around the other day and found some caves at the base of some small cliffs on the other side of our hotel. That should provide us with some privacy. We're in room 1204 at the Regal Hotel. And don't be late..." she tailed off as the photographer called for her to replace Heather in front of the camera. As she walked by the other models, Danger heard her say she had to talk to them after this session.

Later that evening around 11:30, the guys started off for the girls' hotel. They crossed the dark beach quickly and arrived at the Regal Hotel with about five minutes to spare. They made their way to the twelfth floor and could easily hear the porn flick playing in room 1202 with a bunch of guys hollering and carrying on. These would be the so-called bodyguards who had indeed rented some porn and had gotten drunk. The guys slipped up to the door of 1204 and knocked. They knees turned to one big collective bowl of jelly as Naomi answered the door stark naked. Her rounds tits hung perfectly on her chest with her brown nipples sticking straight out. Her closely shaved bush did little to conceal her pink lips pouting out from between her legs.

"Well don't just stand there gawkin', get in here before someone sees you. And keep quiet," she instructed as she moved back into the room allowing the guys to enter. She shut the door behind them as the guys stood dumbfounded. Lorna and Heather were also not wearing a stitch. They were lying on the couch kissing deeply and running their hands over each other's naked body and groping each other's tits and cunt. Lorna looked over to the guys and smiled before Heather managed to get two fingers into her cunt. Across the room Petra was sitting on another couch wearing only her black bikini top, the bottoms were on the coffee table in front of her. Her eyes were riveted on the opposite couch, fingers from her right hand were pistoning in and out of her cunt while her left hand messaged her clit. Then Ingrid emerged from the bathroom with just a towel wrapped around her. She said hello and then headed to the bedroom to get dressed, dropping the towel as she went through the door displaying her tight ass cheeks. Naomi then reappeared at the Danger's side with a thin cotton wrap around her body. She was wearing it in the style of toga with a knot above her left tit. She called for the girls to get ready before their neighbours got curious and checked on them.

Ingrid came out of the bedroom wearing a skin-tight tank top, and a wrap around her waist. At that moment Petra's fingers between her legs brought her over the edge with a loud moan. She then fetched her bikini bottoms from the coffee table and pulled them up her long, toned legs. Lorna and Heather got off the couch and pulled on some skimpy garments that were lying about the room.

Danger went ahead and snuck to a nearby stairwell. He held the door open as the other seven ran quietly from the room to the stairs. They quickly ran down two or three flights before coming out and jumping in an elevator. When they reached the bottom floor the doors opened and Lorna saw the photographers talking in the lobby so she quickly closed the doors again and they went back to the second floor and returned to the stairwell which thankfully had an outside exit. The eight fugitives now crept through the hotel parking lot down towards the beach. When they reached the sand's edge they took off running. Once out of the glare of the parking lot lights they stopped running and headed for the Ingrid's caves. The bright full moon hanging over the ocean allowed them to see easily. The calm tropical wind caused the ocean to ripple slowly.

After walking for ten minutes the beach turned sharply to the right and a cliff rose up into the night sky. Ingrid announced that they were practically and sprinted on ahead of the rest of them. She stopped next to small inlet about four feet wide that ran from the ocean to the cliff and into a small cave. When the others caught up she led them inside. The cave's entrance was small but inside the ceiling was quite high and the floor was roughly circular and about twenty feet wide and deep. Their feet sank slightly into the cool, damp sand. The inlet ran back through the middle and into a narrow tunnel at the back. The guys then turned on the flashlights they had brought with to light up most of the cave.

Once everyone was inside Naomi quickly undid the knot on her wrap and tossed it aside leaving her naked. She dropped to her knees in front of Drew and undid his shorts and pulled them down with his boxers and fished out his semi-hard cock.

"I've been waiting for this for a long time," she said as she stroked him to full length and then took him into her warm mouth. Her tongue ran along the base of his shaft as the rest of her mouth muscles gently sucked on the head. The others girl took their lead from Naomi. Ingrid and Heather took Danger by each arm and led him over to the right side of the cave while Lorna and Petra took Todd to the other side. Ingrid and Heather immediately began undressing Danger, Ingrid pulling his shirt off and Heather pulling his shorts and boxers down and going down on his nine-inch cock. Ingrid then peeled off her tank top allowing Danger to fondle and squeeze her thirty-four inch chest as their tongues got better acquainted.

On the other side of the cave Todd was undoing the clasp of Petra's bikini top releasing her soft tits while Lorna was relieving him of his shorts and underwear. Then as he pulled Petra's bikini bottoms down off her hips and legs, Lorna was unbuttoning his shirt. Now naked, Todd turned to Lorna and began stripping her naked. While she was waiting Petra had turned around to face the cave wall and had bent at the waist with her legs parted and was rubbing her clit with the butt of her hand as her fingers worked their way between her swollen lips. When Todd had Lorna naked he turned to see Petra's inviting cunt exposed to him so he slid his rock hard cock along the length of her slit a few times before slipping into her hot box. Once he established a rhythm, Lorna knelt down underneath Petra and began licking her clit and Todd's balls when they swung forward.

As this was going on in the background, Drew's balls were delivering a load of hot spunk into Naomi's mouth. He then pushed her back so that she landed on her back in the damp sand. tossing her legs over his shoulders he buried his face in her snatch licking wildly at her clit and bright pink lips that stood out against her dark skin. her hips would buck slightly each time his tongue managed to touch her clit as he worked his way between her wet lips.

Suddenly Petra let out a scream as Todd delivered his hot cum into her spasming cunt. When he pulled out Lorna quickly grabbed his cock and cleaned him off with her tongue. Petra went over to Drew and Naomi and started lick, rolling, and pinching Naomi's dark brown nipples as Drew kept eating away at her snatch. Then Danger let out a moan as Heather swallowed the jets of hot cum streaking out of his cock. Once Heather got up from her knees, Danger knelt in front of Ingrid and pulled her skirt away from her hips. Since she wasn't wearing anything underneath, Danger immediately started licking between her legs quickly finding her clit. Heather went over to Todd, laid him down in the sand and straddled his hips. She reached down and guided his cock into her cunt as Lorna spread her legs and rubbed her magic button as she watched the naked model bounce up and down on Todd's shaft. As Ingrid's pussy became even more wet, Danger was able to slip his tongue between her lips and into her box. Her knees buckled slightly so Danger pulled her to the ground, spread her legs and slowly pushed his hot meat into her juicy slit. He propped himself up on his arms so he could watch her beautiful, round, perky tits bounce up and down on her chest as he rammed his cock in and out of her cunt. Her cunt quickly gripped Danger's cock as her orgasm approached. Danger was also getting close to blowing his load, when suddenly her back arched and her legs wrapped around him as she came. The increased pressure on his cock caused Danger to come as well coating the inside of her box with his hot, thick cum.

Danger's cock slid out of her box dripping with the mixture of his cum and her juices. It didn't long to rest however, as soon as Ingrid had picked herself up off the sand Lorna, who was ready for a fuck, knelt in front of Danger and stroked his cock back to full length. When he was ready, Danger grabbed her hips and easily slid into her moist box. Ingrid retreated to the small inlet running through the middle of cave. It was about two feet deep and the water was quite warm. She sat down in the water letting it sooth her sensitive pussy and clit. But she wasn't going to get much relief because not long after she sat down Todd and Heather were coming together. Once he pulled out of her red haired cunt, Todd come over to the inlet and sat next to Ingrid and they began kissing, groping, and fondling. Ingrid sat on Todd's lap facing him and slowly guided his hard shaft in to her pussy. Heather was sitting next to the water rubbing her clit as the tall, blonde model began fucking her cunt with Todd's cock. She leaned back and rested her hands on Todd's legs and began mercilessly thrusting her cunt down on his cock. Todd's hands were rolling and pinching her hard nipples as Heather slid two fingers into her slippery cunt and began finger-fucking herself towards orgasm.

Naomi had come from Drew's munching, but she wanted more. She pushed Petra down on her back and kneeled over 69 style. Petra's musky aroma was intoxicating Naomi and the Cuban model dove into her Russian friend's cunt. Petra though had her eyes on a bigger prize, Drew's long, hard cock. She took in her hand and stroked it to make sure it was at it's full length before licking and teasing the large, purple head. Seeing Naomi's spread lips and dripping pussy just inches above her face gave Petra and another idea. She pointed the long rod at the Naomi's pussy opening and placed the head between her open lips. Feeling Drew's cock at her back door made Naomi rock back instinctively. Drew then pushed forward slightly and his eight inch rod popped right into Naomi. Her hips bucked slightly on penetration and then she went back to munching on Petra as Drew started fucking her doggy style. Petra was rubbing Naomi clit with one hand and gently caressing and squeezing Drew's balls with the other while the heat caused by Naomi's face between her legs started to spread throughout her body.

It didn't take long before everybody was coming again and then the orgy broke down into everybody trying to fuck, lick, or suck on everybody else. Lorna left Danger and immediately took Drew's flaccid cock in her mouth teasing it back to its full length before bobbing her head up and down giving him some of the best head he's ever received. He didn't have a chance to argue if he had wanted to, Ingrid and had separated from Todd and planted her dripping wet pussy right on Drew's face allowing him to devour her sweet pussy. Naomi and Petra who had just finished with Drew selected Danger as their next target. They got him in the same position as Ingrid and Lorna had Drew, flat on his in the sand. Naomi was between his legs and was quickly taking his cock into her mouth while Petra was enjoying his tongue on her clit and between her pussy lips. Heather who had been fingering herself watching Todd and Ingrid was approaching an orgasm and she felt that it would be better delivered by a large, thick cock than by her own fingers. Therefore, she quickly grabbed Todd, got on her hands and knees, and invited him to stick his cock "where the sun don't shine" as she phrased it. He gladly obliged thrusting into her at vigorous pace bringing her to a screeching orgasm within minutes. Naomi was now riding Danger's cock to orgasm as Petra continued riding his face. As Petra came she slid her hips back so that Danger's tongue was working exclusively on her clit. This caused her to release a flood of pussy juice onto his chest and stomach. Petra then moved off of Danger leaving him to concentrate on fucking Naomi. He placed his hands on the smooth, chocolate-coloured skin of her hips and met her cunt with an upward thrust each time she came down. Her clit smacked of his pelvis repeatedly causing her to yelp slightly each time. As she came the muscles in her cunt clamped around Danger's cock and milked his cum out of his balls.

Drew had managed to get his tongue onto Ingrid's G-spot, this combined with her fingers frigging her clit had her screaming in ecstasy and depositing her sweet juices onto Drew' face and tongue. He eagerly lapped up all he could and once her orgasm subsided, Ingrid lay next to him and helped with the clean up. Then his cock started to twitch as Lorna had coaxed another load of hot cum out of his balls. She and Ingrid took turns catching the jets of hot cream in their mouths. Those that they missed splattered over their firm tits and the two girls then licked each other clean, making sure to catch a nipple now and then.

After everyone rested up for a bit, Ingrid got up and sauntered over towards Drew. All of the guys' eyes were on her six foot frame with her long blonde hair, ample chest, furry blonde bush, and tight ass. Drew was sitting against the wall of the cave with he's elbows resting on his knees when Ingrid straddled him and began lowering her body towards his rapidly growing cock. He slid his feet out giving her room to kneel above him, but she would still be able to rest her back against his thighs. With his dick held straight up, Drew watched as the naked Swede's pussy lips touched the head and started to slowly swallow his shaft. She moaned slightly as she came to rest with his cock fully inside her. After grinding her clit against his pelvis for a moment she placed her hands on his shoulders and began to slowly raise and lower herself on his slick cock. Each time she slammed down onto his shaft, Ingrid increased her speed until she could feel her orgasm building deep within her body.

Watching Ingrid bouncing on Drew cock, was getting the others excited again too. Dicks were hardening and juices were starting to flow. Petra who had been sitting next to Danger got to her hands and knees and looked between her legs at him, her inviting pussy just a couple of feet away. Danger quickly took the hint and knelt behind aiming the head of his missile right at her dripping box. As he slid into her body and began humping her ass, Naomi sprawled out in front of Todd inviting him to climb aboard. He put her legs up on his shoulders and let his dick slide into her box and began fucking her which caused her beautifully firm and perky tits to bounce on her chest before she grabbed them and began rolling her nipples between her fingers. This left Lorna and Heather as the odd girls out, so they pleasured each other by crawling into a 69 position and munching each other's pussies with the fervor of virgins.

Ingrid was the first to come and after doing so pulled herself off of Drew's softening cock and walked over to the small entrance to the cave. As she scanned the horizon she saw that the sun would soon be up and that they had another photo shoot early that morning. If they didn't back to their hotel soon they would definitely be missed. She quickly found her clothes and pulled them on, warning the other girls as she went. However, the other four weren't very perceptive at the moment. In fact, Ingrid was drowned out by Petra's screaming as Danger's cock unloaded its last stream of hot cum into her now ultra sensitive box. Soon after Todd brought Naomi over the edge as she squirmed on her back in the sand trying to get his cock deeper inside her.

The guys were now finished; their cocks were flaccid and sore. But it was well worth it to spend the night gang fucking bikini models. Naomi, Petra, and the guys found their clothes and dressed leaving only Lorna and Heather still naked. Soon, they too were breathing heavy and moaning loudly as the Aussie and the Scot brought each other to one final orgasm.

The eight of them then set off back for the hotel. The lobby was deserted seeing as it was not yet six o'clock. The girls gave each of the guys one more deep kiss and said good-bye as they were scheduled to leave later that afternoon. They then scampered across the lobby and into the elevator before the desk attendant could raise any questions.

Drew, Todd, and Danger managed to stay up and see the girls photo shoot at nine o'clock. None of them looked like they had spent the night in a cave getting their brains fucked out. Near the end, Ingrid came over to them. She was wearing a leopard print string bikini which left almost nothing to the imagination. She handed Danger a video tape and said when they got back to their room, the five of them had all jumped in the shower together to freshen up. They decided to record their "soapy lesbian scene", as Ingrid described it, for the guys as a final thank you for the night before. She then turned and walked back over to the other girls who were all smiling and waving and giggling. Danger's eyes were glued to Ingrid's ass as it wiggled in her tight bikini bottoms.
