 Chapter 14: 4th of July Fireworks

"Hi Aunt Joyce," Danger announced as he came through the door of his aunt's house. It was just before the fourth of July and he was returning home for the long weekend. Danger was raised by his aunt and uncle after his parents were killed. His step-sister, Sara, was also coming home for the holiday. She had grown up in this house with Danger and was only a few years older than Danger. Danger's parents were separated for a brief time a few years before his birth and his father had met someone and they had a daughter, Sara.

Danger was looking forward to the weekend and seeing Sara again. She was incredibly beautiful with an exquisite body. The first thing he had done upon his arrival was head up to his old room and check the back wall of his closet. He had poked a small peep hole allowing him look into Sara's room. Many times as a youngster he had crouched in front of the hole watching his step-sister undress and expose her large, voluptuous tits with their small, hard pink nipples and her long, toned legs.

Danger was sitting in the kitchen having a snack and talking about sports with his uncle, Frank, when the door opened once more and in strolled Sara. She was just as tall as Danger, about six feet and she had a perfect hourglass figure. Her long black hair hung about the shoulders of her shirt that accentuated the curves of her luscious tits and showing off her cute belly button. She was wearing a wool skirt that covered half of her creamy thighs. She placed her bags down and hugged Joyce and Frank and said hello to Danger. Then the door opened again and another girl came in. She had blonde curly hair, green eyes, large tits that bounced slightly as she walked and a trim, slender body that was encased in a tight, black top and black pants.

"This is my friend from school, Zoe. She can stay in my room with me," Joyce greeted Zoe and asked the girls if they wanted something to eat. They declined saying that they would like to get settled first and they picked up their bags and started out of the kitchen towards the stairs. Danger took a moment to admire the pair of tight asses strolling out of the room.

Once he finished eating, Danger quickly headed up to his room to check the hole. He crouched down and peered through and saw Zoe sitting on the bed holding a video tape. She was talking to Sarah who was off to the right, but her voice was low enough that Danger could only catch intermittent words. He could tell that she was talking about the video tape she was holding and that she was eager to see it, but he didn't catch the title or what it was about. Just as he was about to get up from the hole he thought he heard Zoe say the word adult in reference to the tape. Danger then resolved to find out what that tape was.

After dinner that night Sara and Zoe went out to meet up with some of Sara's friends leaving Danger alone in the house with Joyce and Frank. Invariably the elderly couple fell asleep watching television giving Danger the opportunity to sneak into Sara's room and investigate. He quietly popped into the room and started with the dresser. He rooted through the drawers, but only found clothes. He did stop to wonder which girl owned the purple leather corset and panties he found in the second drawer. He next checked the girls' suitcases sitting on the desk. In there he found some tight shirts, cut-offs, and skirts, but nothing else.

Danger was about to give up assuming that they had taken it with them when he realized he standing staring at the bed and he hadn't checked underneath it. He got to his hands and knees, lifted up the bed skirt, and peered into the darkness. He could just make out the outline of a small, black duffel bag. Quickly snatching it out from its hiding place, he opened the zipper even quicker. What he was looking for was inside the bag, along with a whole lot more. There was a small pile of adult movies mixed up with three dildos of various sizes and colors. Danger sifted through the movies glancing at the titles and covers of each. The first was called 'International Cheerleader Tryouts' and its cover featured a white woman and an Asian woman in ultra skimpy cheerleader outfits. The other titles included 'The Girls' Dorm', 'Ski Bunnies', and 'Babes in Joyland'. He quickly realized that all the movies were girl porn flicks.

He then looked at the dildos. The largest one was about nine inches long and make of black plastic. The other large one was slightly shorter and had a vibrator. Danger turned the switch on briefly feeling the fake penis shake in his hand before switching it off and replacing it in the bag. Then in the corner off the bag buried under the videos and dildos was an even larger fuck toy. He grabbed the thick rubber dong and pulled it out. To his surprise he found that it was a strap on. The material that went between the wearer's legs had two small dildos that went in the girl's pussy and ass hole. As he examined the realistic detail of the fake cock and the pussy juice stains along the thick shaft, he heard a car pull into the driveway. This could only be Sara and Zoe so he quickly placed everything back in the bag the way he had found it, stuffed it back under the bed, and retreated to his own bedroom. When the girls came upstairs they found him lying on the bed reading a book. They poked their heads in and said good night before retiring to their room and closing the door.

Danger was immediately over to the hole in the closet. He got a wonderful view of Sara undoing her shirt and letting it slip down off her shoulders exposing her impressive chest confined in her dark green bra. The oversized safety pin in her skirt was discarded next along with the wool garment revealing her matching dark green panties. She then left his field of view and he hoped he would get a chance to see her beautiful tits once more. Zoe then wandered into view minus her shirt leaving her in her white bra. She lit the lamps on either side of the bed as the main light in the ceiling was turned off. Zoe then undid her pants and let them fall showing Danger her black cotton panties. Sara then came back into view and she was in the process of removing her bra, but she was back on to Danger so he could only see her smooth back and tight ass wrapped in her green panties. Zoe's bra was then discarded giving Danger his first glimpse of her large tits with their large pink nipples which were now getting hard as they were exposed to the air.

The two girls then entered into an embrace and a somewhat deep kiss as Zoe's hands ran back to Sara's ass and began pulling her panties down off her tight ass cheeks. As they fell to the floor Sara laid on the bed finally giving Danger a look at her chest while Zoe turned off the lights and ending Danger's entertainment. He stayed by the wall for a few minutes more and heard some muffled laughs and moans, but then all fell silent so he turned in for the night as well.

When Danger came down for breakfast the next morning, Sara and Zoe were already at the table. They were wearing cotton gym shorts and T-shirts that were about two sizes too small. He got a good view of Zoe exposed lower back and its creamy, smooth skin as he walked past her chair. The girls finished up and said they were going out shopping and would be back later. They then went upstairs and changed and left the house. Danger spent the morning visiting friends he hadn't seen in a while and noting how their little sisters were becoming gorgeous young women. When he returned home that afternoon Sara's car was back in the driveway, but Joyce's was gone. Frank and Joyce had their own shopping to do that day. The house was silent and there seemed to nobody around. There was nobody to be found either upstairs or down. When Danger went in the kitchen he went over and stood looking out the patio doors. He then noticed two perfect forms lying on the deck of the swimming pool.

Sara was lying on her back sun bathing wearing a dark blue string bikini, Zoe was lying the other way on her back. The top of her bikini was beside her on the deck, leaving only the white bottoms to cover her. Danger stood in the doorway gazing at the smooth, unblemished skin of these two gorgeous beauties, his cock growing stiff in his pants. He could see Sara's nipples pressing against the patches of fabric covering her firm thirty-three inch chest. His eyes scanned down over her flat stomach to where her bikini bottoms concealed her sweet treasure. Zoe's body was just as captivating. While not as tall or slim as Sara, her skin was just as smooth while her tits were bigger. Danger could see her globes squeezing out from the sides of her chest as she lay on them.

Sara then bent her legs at the knees and turned her head toward Zoe and spoke to her. Danger thought it best if they didn't see him gawking at their exposed flesh, so he turned and pretended to be getting something to eat from the cupboard. As he turned to leave the kitchen he saw Sara had propped herself up on one elbow and was waving to get his attention. He walked over to the door, opened it a crack, and stuck his head out.

"Zoe wants someone to rub lotion on her back, but I wanna go in for a dip," Sara started. "Can you rub some lotion on her for me?" Danger had to be careful not to be too eager to agree. He responded with a casual OK and opened the door far enough for him to get through. Sara thanked him and turned and headed for the edge of the pool. Danger watched her ass the entire way from where she had stood until she sat on the edge of the pool and slid into the water.

As he sat down beside Zoe, Danger decided that there would be enough time later to continue appreciating Sara's body, he had to deal with her ultra sexy friend at the moment. She turned her head to face and thanked him herself. he replied that it was no problem as he squeezed some of the sun tan lotion into the palm of his hand. He rubbed the lotion over his own hands before placing them on her back. Her skin was perfect, smooth as a baby's bottom, unblemished, and warm. Slowly he worked his way up to her shoulders before bringing his hands down the sides of her back right down to the top of her white bikini bottoms. He then brought his hands closer together and started up along her spine until he reached the nape of her neck. Danger then ran his hands down her arms and back covering every square inch of flesh before starting back up towards her shoulders. Then it was down her back again before lifting his hands over his tight ass and resuming on her firm, creamy thighs. Zoe parted her legs ever so slightly allowing Danger's hand to slide between them, just inches from her concealed pussy. As he was about to slide` his hands down the insides of her thighs, his little finger accidentally brushed her bikini right over her pussy lips. Zoe's hips bucked ever so slightly, but she made no other movement or comment. He worked his way down her slim, toned legs to her feet; she giggled as he rubbed their soles. As he worked her way up her legs he noticed a damp patch on her bikini right where his finger had touched. Taking this as a sign, he started rubbing her back again. This he ran his hands up the sides of her back making sure the tips of his fingers brushed along her bulging tits. Zoe moaned audibly at his stimulation so Danger left his fingers where they were, gently rubbing the outside of Zoe's tits.

Just as he was about to make a move to feel even more of her tits, Sara swam over to the edge of the pool and started climbing. Thinking it best not to let his step-sister see him feeling up her best friend, he quickly removed his hands and busied them by putting the cover back on the sun tan lotion. As he did so he glanced up at Sara pulling herself out of the pool. Her black hair was slicked to the back of her head, small streams of water ran down her face and neck and went down between her tits to which the skimpy top of her bikini now clung to like Saran wrap on a hot pot. Danger could clearly see her rock hard nipples profiled against the straining material. Water continued running down over her flat stomach and bikini bottoms and her long, silky legs. Once she was out of the water and standing on the pool deck she pulled up on the straps of her bikini top, hoisting her tits up and causing her top to strain even harder to contain them. As she grabbed a towel to dry off Danger turned and headed back for the house before he got himself into trouble for eyeing the naked flesh all around him.

At dinner that night, Sara and Zoe were still wearing their bikinis, but had pulled T-shirts on over them, leaving their gorgeous, smooth legs exposed. After the experience by the pool, Danger appreciated the cooling off period that the reduced flesh exposure created for him. At dinner Joyce asked what everybody was doing that evening. Sara responded that she and Zoe were going to a movie with some friends while Danger said he was going to bar across town with some of his friends and would probably be home late. When dinner was finished they went their separate ways to prepare for the night's activities.

Danger fumbled with his door key in the dark as he returned form the bar. Finally, he got the door open and headed up to his bedroom. He changed into a pair of gym shorts and a T-shirt and was about to crawl into bed when he heard a muffled yelp come from Sara's bedroom. He could also hear the television playing what sounded suspiciously like a porn movie. He was across the room in a flash and crouched in front of the peep hole. His jaw dropped when he saw what was happening in the next room.

Both Sara and Zoe were stark naked on the bed. They were in a sixty-none position with their faces buried in each other's pussies while one of their girl porn flicks played on the television. It appeared as though they had selected 'International Cheerleader Tryouts' as the current scene was set in a gymnasium locker room with an Asian girl lying on a bench while a black girl was between her legs munching away. The black girl was wearing a red and white cheerleader outfit while the Asian girl was wearing a blue and yellow outfit. The Asian's panties were on the floor beside the two girls while her skirt was raised showing her shaved cunt and her shirt was pulled up exposing her tits. The scene then switched to three girls under the bleachers. They were in various states of undress and were kissing, licking, and groping each other.

The main attraction for Danger was the live action on the bed. The girls had broken out of their sixty-nine position and Zoe was reaching into the black duffel bag while Sara sat with her legs spread rubbing her magic button as she watched the movie. Zoe then pulled out the strap on dildo, the large, thick, black dildo, and the vibrator. She handed the the black dildo and the vibrator to Sara while she started putting on the strap on. They had grabbed a jar of Vaseline form the bathroom which Zoe used to lube the small dildo that would be penetrating her ass before she placed the strap between her legs and guided the small, fake cocks into her ass and pussy. Sara was teasing her nipples with the vibrator while slowly pumping the black dildo in and out of her pussy when Zoe told her to get on her hands and knees. The blond then kneeled behind her friend on the bed and ran the tip of the thick rubber cock along Sara's slit a dozen or so times making sure it was well lubricated. Zoe then took a firm grip of Sara's hips and slowly let the somewhat oversized head slide between her pussy lips. Zoe moved the head back and forth about an inch or so letting Sara's body adjust to the intrusion and once her love tunnel opened more, Zoe pushed the rubber cock deep into her friend's pussy. Sara rocked back as Zoe pushed in making sure every inch of the fake dong got inside her hungry cunt. Once all the way in, Zoe started humping away at Sara's cunt.

Sara's eyes were glued to the lesbian action on the television screen in front of her as she reached her hand back between her legs with the vibrator to rub her clit. As the scene changed to a group of cheerleaders practicing, Sara's body started to be racked by small orgasms. The camera view in the movie showed the girls' skirts riding up at the back as they jumped and since none of them were wearing any underwear, their pink lips were clearly visible between their firm ass cheeks. Zoe had placed the black dildo and the Vaseline beside her on the bed and she was now spreading the lubricant on the long, plastic shaft. She didn't have to worry about humping Sara since Danger's step-sister was rocking her own hips back and forth impaling herself on the strap on. With the other dildo lubed to her satisfaction, Zoe began spreading the Vaseline over Sara's ass hole, occasionally slipping the tip of her finger inside causing Sara's to buck and moan slightly. With Sara's ass lubed, Zoe placed the tip of the dildo on her friend's puckered ass hole and began to slowly slide the fake cock into Sara's ass.

Danger's mouth was bone dry as he watched his step-sister about to be fucked in the ass. Sara's ass stretched enough for Zoe to get the head of the dildo in and began working it back and forth. The scene in the movie switched to two naked Asian women rubbing and grinding their cunts together. While Sara was distracted watching the camera zoom in on their sweaty pussies, Zoe started pushing on the dildo again. Danger watched as the thick, black plastic sank into his step-sister's ass while she continued fucking her cunt on the strap on dildo penetrating her cunt. She still held the vibrator against her protruding clit as her orgasm approached and a film of sweat started forming on over her naked flesh. The movie then showed a topless cheerleader on her back with her skirt pulled up while another naked girl fucked her furiously with a thick dildo. This was when all of Sara's smaller orgasms started racking her body all at once and she buried her face in the pillow in front of her to avoid waking up the whole house with her screams.

After Zoe pulled the dildos out of her cunt and ass, Sara gingerly kneeled up and turned to face Zoe. They entered into a passionate embrace and tried to stick their tongues into each other stomach. The strap on was now between Sara's legs and Zoe moved her hi[s back and forth slightly causing the fake dong to rub against Sara's still exposed clit. Sara leaned back and put her hands on her ankles enjoying the sensation giving Zoe the opportunity to lean forward and suck on her erect nipples. Before long Sara's body was shuddering again as a series of small orgasms shot gripped her body.

Sara then pulled the strap on off of Zoe and tossed it aside. She grabbed the buzzing vibrator and started teasing her friend between the legs. The two naked girls then seated themselves facing each other and began grinding their crotches together just like the two cheerleaders in the movie had done. Occasionally their clits would come together causing each girl to gasp and grind harder against each other. Soon their pussy juices were mixing together and leaking onto the bedspread causing a small puddle. Sara then placed the vibrator between their grinding crotches so that it was buzzing on both their clits bringing them to a simultaneous orgasm.

The movie that had been playing had now ended and Sara jumped up to put in another one. Danger watched as her tall, lean body moved across the room towards the television. She replaced the cheerleader video with 'The Girls' Dorm' and returned to the bed to watch it with Zoe. The two girls lay next to each other on their stomachs waiting for the good parts of the movie to start. Danger drank in every inch of their beautiful, naked flesh as the movie showed a tall blonde in the shower lathering up her large tits as a hot redhead came into the bathroom and discarded her robe revealing her tantalizing body. The redhead got in the shower with the blonde and the two were quickly kissing and groping.
