 Chapter 16: Snow Angels

Danger awoke to a bright beam of sunlight streaming through the window and straight into his tired eyes. His head was pounding slightly from the alcohol he had consumed the night before. He had been invited to a party at the cabin of friend of a friend and had gotten appropriately sloshed. He got dressed and made his way towards the bathroom. When he arrived he saw some other people throwing back the Tylenol and joined in. Everybody was getting freshened up and packing up to leave as a rather heavy snowstorm was expected that day and nobody wanted to be stranded in the middle of woods with th very little food and water that was left in the cabin. As the first few flakes started to fall, people went out the door as if they were on airplane at twenty-five thousand feet and one of the doors had come open. With ten minutes only a handful were left.

The two girls who had thrown the party, Willow and Chantal, were desperately trying to clean the place up a bit before they left, but they didn't want to stay too long and risk being stranded. Danger offered to give them a hand so that they could finish earlier. Although he certainly wouldn't mind getting snow bound with these two lovely creatures. Willow was twenty years old, about 5'6" with short brown hair, brown eyes, and had a small, but firm chest under T-shirt. Chantal was also twenty, but taller about 6'0" with longer brown hair, brown eyes and a darker complexion showing her Lebanese heritage. Her body was long and slender and had larger tits than Willow's. Willow was scurrying around in a white T-shirt and soccer shorts, while Chantal was still wearing the oversized sweat shirt she had worn to bed. It hung half way down her thighs so Danger could only guess as to whether she was wearing anything underneath.

Each of them took a different part of the cabin to clean up, Danger had the kitchen and living room, Willow was going through the bedrooms, while Chantal was cursed with cleaning up the bathroom which had seen quite a bit of action. As they worked they didn't notice that the blizzard had now started in full force. The visibility was so bad that one could only see the closet trees when looking out of a window and the cabin was set in a dense section of forest. Before they even finished they knew immediately they weren't going anywhere for a while. The radio had told them that the highway leading back to town had been closed due to zero visibility. The dirt road leading out of the woods to the highway was definitely unpassable and the car was half buried in snow already.

However, their situation wasn't as bad as they originally thought. They had enough food and water for three people for a few days, but it wouldn't have taken many more people being stranded to make the food supplies insufficient. The firewood pile was completely buried yet so Danger brought in as much as he could. The wood was wet however so he stacked next to the fireplace which, fortunately, Willow had loaded up when she got out of bed that morning. So they food, water, and firewood for the stove. Their was also a small generator to provide electricity. Willow's uncle who owned the cabin had made sure it was well equipped.

The three "cast-aways", as Chantal had started calling them, passed a rather boring afternoon watching the snow fall. Later that evening, the temperature began to fall so Danger threw more wood on the fire to keep it blazing. Willow then suggested that they should huddle together in front of the fire under the heavy woolen blankets that covered each bed in the cabin. Danger certainly didn't have any qualms about huddling under a blanket with these two gorgeous creatures.

As they gathered the blankets, Chantal was going to get a pair of sweat pants to put on to try to keep warm. Willow stopped her saying she had another plan to keep the three of them warm. Chantal could guess what it was since Willow hadn't bothered putting on more clothes and by the way she kept flirting with Danger during the party last night.

Danger pulled the couch around to face the fire so that they could lean against it. He was in the middle with Willow on his left and Chantal on his right. there were three heavy blankets over them and the they could feel the heat from the blazing fire against their faces. All thoughts of being cold were quickly forgotten.

After they had been sitting in front of the fire for about half an hour, Willow started shifting her weight back and forth from one ass cheek to the other. She said that her tail bone and ass were getting numb, but she was actually sliding her soccer shorts and black cotton panties down her legs and off her feet. She shoved them under the couch behind so Danger wouldn't feel them. She then pulled her naked thighs up to her body and spread them just enough for her to get a hand on her slit and begin rubbing herself to get ready to jump Danger. She ran her finger along her slit trying to get between her lips, but she wasn't wet enough yet so she settled on her clit and begin rubbing it to build her excitement. The warmth from being under heavy blankets in front of a roaring fire helped and soon she was able to slide the tip of her finger between her wet lips and around the entrance to her pussy. She decided it was time to strike.

"I can't stand just sitting around anymore," Willow said as he found Danger's left hand and placed between her legs so he could feel the wetness of her pussy. "Let's do something fun," she suggested as she rubbed his hand up and down her slit. Danger pulled the blankets off of her to reveal that she was naked from the waist down. Willow then got to her knees and undid Danger's pants, then pulled them and his boxers down to his ankles. His cock was already semi-hard from being huddled up between the two girls. Willow straddled his legs and began stroking his cock until it grew to its full nine inch length. She then bent over and gave the large, purple head a few licks with her warm tongue between positioning herself over it and slowly lowering her body until the head of his cock was resting at the entrance to her cunt. Willow put her hands on Danger's shoulders and forced herself down onto his cock. She could feel her pussy give way as he entered and the walls of her box stretch as he filled her. Once she had his cock was entirely inside her and her body became accustomed to the intrusion, she began lifting herself up and then falling back onto his cock. Soon she was bouncing up and down without a problem and moaning heavily.

Chantal then threw the blankets aside and got to her knees and grabbed the bottom of her sweat shirt and pulled it over head letting her tits land with a flop against her chest. She was left only in her green, lacy underwear as she moved behind Willow and pulled her T-shirt over her head and removed her white bra leaving her completely naked as she impaled herself repeatedly on Danger's dick. Chantal then position herself between Willow and Danger and began pinching and rolling her friend's nipples. Willow placed her hands on either side of Danger's knees allowing Chantal to lean forward and suck on her nipples as well. Danger took this opportunity to begin rubbing Chantal between her legs. Eventually he managed to push her panties aside and insert a finger into her moist pussy and began pumping it in and out.

Willow quickly reached an orgasm that made her scream and gush all over Danger's cock. She pulled herself up off his cock before he had a chance to unload his cum, so Chantal quickly got between his legs and took his still stiff prick into her mouth and began working on the head and shaft while licking up all of Willow's sweet juice. As she she sucked Danger's meat, Chantal felt someone pulling down her panties and when she looked back Willow was kneeling behind her with her dildo that she took almost everywhere. It was about eight inches long and was made of thick, black plastic. Chantal lifted her knees off the floor one at a time allowing Willow to finish stripping her naked. Willow then placed the head of the dildo at the entrance of her friend's pussy and slowly started pushing it in. Chantal gasped as the cool plastic pressed against her warm lips and sank into her even warmer box. Willow began pumping away with the fake cock quickly bringing Chantal to the brink of orgasm. Danger could feel her excitement growing as she sucked harder and harder on his cock and after a few twitches it exploded into her mouth with jets of hot cum.

Willow then pulled the dildo out of Chantal's pussy and handed it to her as she took her friend's place between Danger's legs. She began stroking Danger's cock and immediately it started growing back to its full length. Just as Willow was taking the long, nine-inch cock into her mouth, Chantal was inserting the long, eight-inch dildo in her friend's box. Being rather short and small of stature, Willow could fell the thick cock stretch her insides as Chantal pushed it right to the hilt. Up at the front of her body, Willow was deep throating Danger and the tip of his cock hitting the back of her mouth was quickly bringing him to another orgasm. The pounding of the dildo in her box made Willow suck even harder on Danger's cock and it started firing jets of hot cum into her mouth as her own orgasm gripped her naked body.

After Chantal removed the dildo from her body, Willow collapsed on the floor next to Danger to catch her breath. But any hopes she had of getting a rest were dashed as she left her legs open exposing her moist cunt to Chantal's hungry eyes. Her tall friend was between her legs immediately munching away at her sex. Willow slid her back down the front of the couch pushing her crotch into Chantal's face. Her tongue quickly found its way between Willow's swollen lips and she began lapping away as she pressed her nose against her friend's clit. Danger's cock grew hard again as he watched Chantal hungrily devouring her friend's sweet juices. He had already fucked Willow but not Chantal so he moved behind the taller girl and began rubbing her slit with his fingers. To his delight he found she was still wet enough for him to enter easily. He also felt her grind her crotch on his hand as he rubbed her. Her soft lips engulfed the head of his cock as soon as he pressed against them. Danger heard Chantal's groan muffled by Willow's cunt as he pushed the rest of his nine inches into her tight cunt. Her muffled groans became louder and longer as he began humping away at her back door.

Willow was grabbing the couch cushions behind her head as Chantal's tongue drove her to the edge of another orgasm causing her body to produce a film of sweat over her naked skin. After having her friend's sweet juice dumped in her face, Chantal braced herself for the onslaught of cum that was building within Danger's cock.

"Oh, fuck!!! Hump my pussy," Chantal cried out as Danger grabbed her hips and began slamming into her. She supported herself on her left hand and reached her right one back to rub her sensitive clit. "Fuck!!! I'm coming!!!" she screamed as her cunt clamped down on Danger's cock and milked a load of hot cum out of his balls. She collapsed forward into Willow's arms where she promptly curled up and dozed off to sleep. Willow; however, was not quite as content to take a break as her friend was. She sat back up on the couch resting her ass right at the very edge before laying on her back and holding her legs up in the air with her knees apart. Her cunt dripped slightly from her excitement and she began running a finger up and down her slit.

"I want you to fuck me in the ass," she said coldly as Danger approached her with his cock already regaining stiffness. Willow reached down with both hands and spread her asshole open for him. Danger kneeled in close to her and rubbed his own hand up and down her pussy slit a few times causing her to throw her hand back and moan and also her pussy juice to squirt some of her sweet juices out which he then used to lube his cock and her spread asshole. He squeezed the large head of his cock into her small hole and gradually pushed the first few inches of his prick into her cramped back door. Willow's moans grew louder with each one and became yelps as Danger began sliding the first few inches of his cock in and out of her ass.

"Push it in all the way," she pleaded between gasps. Danger gladly obliged as he slid a few more inches into her body and began humping. Willow's moans and gasps had woken Chantal from her brief slumber and she had taken up a position straddling the arm of the couch and was rubbing her clit with one hand and her pussy mound with the other. A wet spot could be seen growing on the arm of the couch from under her sopped pussy. Her attention drifted away from the scene in front of her to the sensations caused by her fingers probing her most sensitive parts. Her clit and pussy felt as if they were getting warmer by the second. She rolled her clit between her fingers as she allowed a finger to slip between her lips and into her musky box. She felt the muscles of her cunt contract in orgasm and she left her finger pressing against her magic button in an attempt to make it last as long as possible. When her orgasm subsided, her attention was snapped back to Willow and Danger by her friend's screams.

"Fuck!!! Fuck!!! Fuck!!! Hump my ass with that fat cock!" Willow shouted as loud as she could. Danger had managed to finally get his entire nine inches crammed into the small brunette's ass and he was fucking her like there was no tomorrow. Along with Willow's screams, there was an audible slap as his thighs smacked hard against her ass. "I'm cumming!" she cried out as Danger unloaded his hot spunk into her bowels. As he pulled his cock out of her abused ass, he quickly slipped it into her sopped pussy and started fucking her again. Within minutes she orgasming again and Danger had to wrap his arms around her thighs to be able to pull his dick out of her contracting cunt before he could slam it back in again. Chantal had joined them on the couch and was rubbing Willow's clit while gently sucking on one of her rock hard nipples. This extra stimulation brought Willow to the edge and she let herself go drenching Danger's cock with a flood of her sweet juices. When Danger pulled out of her this time, Chantal was on her knees quickly to clean Willow's nectar from his cock. She licked him completely clean savoring every drop of her friend's cum.

It was now early in the morning and the three of them huddled back under the heavy blankets after Danger had put more wood on the fire. After some more fondling, squeezing, and kissing the three of them drifted off to sleep. Although Danger did wake up during the night to find Chantal between his legs having a midnight snack.

When they woke up the next morning, they all piled into the shower together after hearing on the radio that the road leading to the cabin would probably be cleared soon. Danger lathered the girls up making sure to pay special attention to their tits and cunts. He then trapped Chantal against the wall of the shower and she put her feet up on the opposite side of the tub allowing Danger to slide his cock into her freshly cleaned snatch. Her soapy tits brushed against his chest as they bounced. Her nipples quickly grew hard as she moaned her way to orgasm.

"God you're so big," she moaned as she came with him shooting his load inside her. Once she had dismounted, Willow was there to clean off Danger's still hard cock. After cleaning him, she went down on his rod and quickly withdrew another load of cum. She swallowed every drop and continued licking the head of his cock until she was satisfied that it was clean.

As they were drying each other off, they heard a snow plough going by and a knock came on the door. Danger quickly got dressed and answered it to find one of the plough drivers saying he was going to make a path out for them. Within half an hour they were on the road heading back to the city. While they were a little sad leaving the cabin where they had so much fun the night before, the joy of returning to civilization was much greater.