 "I'm just popping out for a minute. I'll be right back," Danger said to his friends as he got up from their table at the restaurant and headed for the door. He stepped out into the bright sunshine, turned right, and headed for the magazine store a few blocks away. On the way there was a coffee shop that set below street level with a few stairs leading down to it. 

Danger would often look in as he walked by to see if anyone he knew was there or just to see if there were any hot chicks inside. This time he was just about to conclude that the people inside didn't fall into either category when he saw an auburn haired girl at the far end of the room. He thought it looked like Meghan, the granddaughter of the old lady whose fence he had painted last summer. Before he could get a second glance, he was past the coffee shop and couldn't turn around in the mass of people around him, so he decided to try and get a better look on the way back.

Danger slipped into the magazine store, but the latest issue of the magazine he was looking for wasn't in so he quickly headed back before the girl that might be Meghan left the coffee shop. When he got back, she wasn't sitting in the corner where she was before, but he quickly found her at another table talking to a tall, thin brunette with long hair. Danger came down the stairs at the end of the store and entered. He decided to head for the far end of the counter and walk by the two girls to get there. As he drew closer he knew it was definitely Meghan, now he just hoped she would still recognize him. As he was passing by he felt a hand on his arm.

"Oh my God," Meghan started incredulously, "Hi Danger, I haven't seen you forever! How have you been?" Danger suppressed the urge to shout out his joy in Meghan recognizing him. "This is my friend, Romy," Meghan continued without waiting for him to answer the question. Danger now turned his eyes to tall brunette who smiled back at him. 

She was quite tall, almost as tall as he was at six feet. Her long, straight brown hair fell half way down her back and framed her face with its deep, blue eyes, long nose, and pouty lips. She was wearing a T-shirt and jeans so he couldn't really see her body, but she was definitely long and lanky. Meghan on the other hand was wearing a black skirt and a red blouse which one too many buttons undone making it no problem to see the black bra holding back her firm, full tits.

"You wanna join us?" Meghan offered as she took a seat across from Romy.

"Uh, I'd really like to, but I have some friends waiting down the street," Danger started. "But I'd really like to get together some time."

"Well I'm having a pool party this weekend," Romy interjected, "Why don't you come. It's Saturday afternoon at 3729 Lehovec Avenue. It's my parent's house, but their out of town for the weekend. It'll probably start around 4PM, probably have a barbecue for dinner. Bring some alcohol if you want".

"Okay, I'll be there," Danger replied. "See'ya Saturday." he finished as he turned and headed for the door.

Once he was gone, Romy turned to Meghan and said, "He's a hottie, where did you meet him?"

"He helped me paint my grandmother's fence last summer during that unbelievable hot spell," Meghan started, "And well, I guess the heat got to me and I ended up stripping naked in front of him and skinny dipping in the neighbor's pool. And then he joined me and then we fucked each other on the pool deck. He's got the biggest cock I've ever seen, it's gotta be well over eight inches long and it's nice and thick. You'll have to give him a test at the party this weekend."

Saturday was a bright, sunny day with the temperature creeping over ninety degrees; perfect weather for a pool party. Danger arrived at Romy's house around half past four. The house was fairly new and huge, Danger estimated that it had at least five bedrooms. Romy's parents must have been loaded. He could hear the music pumping from the back yard as he rang the doorbell. The door opened a few moments later and Danger was greeted by a tall, slender blonde wearing a black bikini. She had a perfect hourglass figure and perfectly smooth, unblemished skin. Her hair looked damp as if she had gotten out of the pool not all that long ago and her bikini top clung to her impressive tits showing off her hard nipples.

"Here for the party?" she asked, to which Danger replied that he was. "I'm Tanya, come on in." When she turned around, Danger was pleasantly surprised to see that she was wearing a thong. He followed the blond through the large hallway and out to the back yard. He watched as her ass cheeks wiggled back and forth with the wet strap of her thong trapped between them. When they reached the pool Danger saw the party was definitely bumpin'. There were hot chicks in skimpy bikinis all over. In fact the girls probably outnumbered the guys two to one. Danger made his way over to the ice filled coolers under the shade of a patio umbrella and put his beer in before grabbing one and claiming the nearest empty lounge chair to watch the skin. Next to him was a sun bathing redhead who was lying on her stomach with her head turned away from him; her bikini top was slung over the back of her chair.

After a few minutes, he saw Meghan came out of the house. The breath caught in his throat at the sight of her perfect body in the red string bikini that was just big enough to cover what a bikini was supposed to cover. The top consisted of two triangular patches of material over her nipples with spaghetti straps that tied behind her neck and back. The bottom was definitely a thong that just managed to cover her ginger colored bush. She then saw him and gave him a wave. Romy then came out of the house behind Meghan and she was wearing a black strapless, one-piece suit that hugged the curves of her body. Danger could now see that her tits weren't as big as Meghan's, but was willing to guess that they were just as firm. the two girls then started walking toward him and Danger could feel his cock starting to stir in his trunks.

"Great party don't ya think?" Meghan said as they reached him. They were both drinking martinis and by their behavior it seemed as if they were far from the first one. As Danger was about to respond he was interrupted by a scream as a girl was being thrown into the pool. She had light brown skin and was wearing a light blue bikini with struggled to hold her tits back. Two large black] guys had grabbed her by the arms and legs and had carried her over to the edge of the pool before throwing her in.

"Cheryl is such a whore," Romy started, "she'll be fucking those two guys before she leaves. Just as long as she doesn't leave cum stains on the bedding like she did last time."

"Anyway," Meghan began saying as she put her martini down and took Danger's beer away from him, "I think it's time for a dip." Romy smiled and put down her martini and the two girls each grabbed one of Danger's hands and pulled him up from the chair. They led him to the edge where they all jumped in with Danger hoping the impact of the water might rip Meghan's flimsy bikini top from her body. Unfortunately he had no such luck as her top now clung to her wet tits. Danger then dove under the water's surface as the two girls swam away from him. He could see the curves of the bottoms of Meghan tits and the strap of her bikini bottoms struggling to cover her cunt. Romy's suit left very little to imagination while still making her look incredibly sexy. Danger began thinking of ways to get her out of that suit and satisfy his imagination's curiosity.

After a few laps around the pool, everyone else decided it was time for the barbecue to start so everyone who was in the pool quickly got out and dried and got ready to eat. Cheryl's guys were doing the barbecuing and she was in between them taking orders as it were, although many of the orders were for her to remove her bikini top. After a couple of burgers and some beer Danger headed into the house to find a bathroom. 

On the second level he looked down a hallway and saw a bathroom at the end. The passage had two or three doors on either side and Danger guessed these were bedrooms. When he was about halfway to the bathroom he thought he heard a woman moaning, then when he was right next to one of the doors he heard it again, but louder. Danger looked in the direction of the door and saw that it was opened slightly. he also realized that he had seen Cheryl and her two friends try to slip into the house unnoticed. His mind raced as he crept closer to the door and peered inside.

The first thing he saw was Cheryl's light blue bikini strewn on the floor between the door and the bed. Next to it were two pairs of men's swimming trunks. Danger then looked on the bed and found the source of the moaning. One of the Cheryl's men was lying on his back on the bed with Cheryl sitting on his cock and riding him as hard as she could. The other guy was sitting in a chair back on to the door stroking his huge black cock. All three of them were completely naked as Danger watched Cheryl's tits bounce up and down as she rode the thick, black cock penetrating her pussy. 

Suddenly, Cheryl's moans became screams as she began to orgasm. Danger could see her body trembling as the guy she was riding began thrusting his cock up into her body. The guy in the chair who had been jacking off also seemed to getting close to orgasm when he stood and walked over to the bed and aimed his cock right at her bouncing tits. With a roar he released huge jets of thick cum from his eight inch monster while the guy on the bottom began doing the same to her pussy.

"That slut's at it again," Romy whispered in Danger's ear nearly giving him a heart attack. He hadn't seen Romy come up behind him as he watched Cheryl wipe the cum off of her tits and lick it hungrily from her fingers. "Every time someone has a party she squirrels of two or three guys and lets fuck the shit out of her," the tall brunette continued. Danger's cock was already hard from watching the scene in the bedroom and Romy was standing close enough to feel her tits poking in his back and her bare shoulders rubbed against his naked back which made it twitch at every touch. 

"These two are definitely well equipped though. I can't say that I blame her for giving these guys a ride, they're hung like fuckin' horses." Romy then remembered what Meghan had told her about the size of Danger's cock and that she should give him a try. Her sweet juices began to flow at the thought of being boned by a cock as big as the ones that were now being inserted into Cheryl's body. She was still mounted on the guy on the bed while the other one had climbed behind her and was sliding himself into her tight asshole which enticed more deep moans from Cheryl.

"Although from what Meghan tells me you've got a pretty decent package yourself," Romy whispered lustfully in his ear as she slipped a hand inside his trunks and grasped the thick shaft of his cock. "Ooohhh...", she said surprisingly, "you're already hard. Cheryl always says that you should never waste a good hard-on." With that she took his arm and lead him across the hall and into another bedroom. She closed the door and had him stand by the bed before kneeling down and grabbing the waistband of his trunks and pulling them down allowing his raging hard-on to spring free. 

She tossed the trunks aside and pushed him back on the bed before grabbing his shaft and slowly stroking him. Feeling the heat from his dick she couldn't hold back any longer, she leaned forward, parted her soft lips and took the knob of his cock into her warm mouth. Her lips sealed his shaft just below the head as her tongue played all over the smooth round service and in the small crevice underneath. Once she tasted his salty precum she knew she had to have more and started taking more of his cock into her mouth. Inch by inch she devoured more of his nine inch rod until she couldn't fit anymore in her mouth. Her smooth lips felt like silk as they slid up and down Danger's shaft. Suddenly he felt the cum rise out of his balls and course through his dick before erupting into Romy's mouth. She continued bobbing her head on his cock as she swallowed every drop.

"Now it's my turn," Romy said as he got to her feet and hooked her thumbs in the top of her one-piece bathing suit and started peeling it off her body. Her tits came free with a jiggle displaying their small hard nipples mounted proudly on her small firm mounds. Then her tall, flat stomach and chestnut brown bush came in view before she dropped the suit down her long, toned legs and kicked away when it hit the floor. She pushed Danger down on his back and crawled over him so she she could sit with her back against the head board. Her pussy passed just inches from his face allowing him to smell her musky aroma. Romy sat with her knees bent and spread apart giving Danger full access to her moist slit and he got the hint quick enough. He moved between her long, white legs and and began rubbing her pussy mound with his hand. Romy moaned softly and started to grind her crotch against his hand.

"That feels nice," she purred," but I what your tongue down there." With that request Danger slowly lowered his head between her thighs until his nose was less than an inch from her warm slit. He inhaled the scent of her sex before blowing softly on her clit was struggling to break free of its protective hood. The cool air on her most sensitive area cause Romy's ass to squirm into the bedding. "Hmmm, hurry up and lick me you fuckin' tease," she ordered just before he stuck his tongue in the bottom of her slit and ran over her swollen lips and excited clit into her scratchy bush. Romy yelped in surprise and her hips bucked off the bed. "Oh fuck, gimme some more of that," she moaned as she ran her hands through his hair and pushed his face back down into her crotch.

"Took a lead from Cheryl did you?" Meghan's voice interrupted Romy's bliss. Her friend stood in the door admiring the scene in front of her. Romy was about to answer when Danger's tongue came against her clit causing her to gasp. "Told you wouldn't be disappointed," she said as she closed the door and then reached back and untied the knot at the back of her bikini top before flipping it off and tossing it aside. Her large, round tits jiggled seductively as she approached the bed and sat beside her naked friend. Meghan then took Romy's hard left nipple into her mouth and began sucking and licking it. Romy's back arched at the added sensation and she felt an orgasm begin to rise up from between her legs. Soon her entire body was trembling as she fed Danger her sweet juices and returned the attention Meghan was giving her by pinching one of her friend's hard nipples.

"Now, I wanna see you two fuck while I recuperate a bit," Romy instructed the others. "I think I might need a few minutes before trying to cram this huge cock in my cunt," she finished while giving Danger's cock a few long, slow strokes. She then sat on the edge of the with Meghan standing between her spread thighs and grabbed the spaghetti straps of her friend's bikini bottoms and pulled them down her toned thighs, inhaling her aroma as her ginger bush was exposed. Her lips were already swollen and moist when she knelt on the bed and presented her smooth, round ass to Danger. He quickly knelt behind her and pointed the head of his thick cock right at her swollen lips as she spread her legs to accommodate him. Her hips bucked when the head of his cock first touched her warm lips and then she rocked herself back against his cock causing the purple head to penetrate her lips and slip inside her hot sex. Meghan moaned audibly as Danger withdrew the head of his cock and pushed back into her body. He inserted a couple inches of the shaft before pulling it back out and plunging it back in even deeper. She bit her lip and her moans grew louder as he came close to getting his entire length into her tight pussy. Once Danger had managed to get his cock fully inside her, he left it there for a moment allowing the walls of her cunt to stretch to fit him. he then slowly pulled eight and half inches of his meat out of her wet pussy before slamming it back in and starting to hump her.

"Hump her wet pussy!" Romy yelled from her seat in a bean bag chair in the corner of the room. Her legs were spread lewdly and she was pumping two fingers in and out of her pussy while rubbing her enlarged clit with the other hand. "Fuck her like a whore," she continued as her own pussy became juicy from the attention it was receiving. Meghan had her head lowered onto the bed and was clutching the bedding as her cunt was being pounded by Danger's massive organ. She released a gasp each time she head his thighs smack against her ass and she could feel an intense orgasm building in her most sensitive areas. Suddenly the trio were startled by an orgasmic scream being released across the hall as Cheryl was reaching another climax at the hands of her black studs. Meghan then formed a mental picture of Cheryl being bones by two thick, black cocks and suddenly she was releasing an orgasmic scream of her own as her cunt gripped Danger's cock enticing it to erupt and shoot streams of thick, white cum into her sweaty, naked body. Meghan's trembling body clutched Danger's cock for a few moments until her cunt relaxed and she slid off the long rod and collapsed on the bed. Danger immediately knew where his next target lay. He got to his feet and head towards Romy who was still sitting in the corner.

"Mmmmm, bring that fat cock over here," she barked as she pulled her legs up in the air locking her elbows around her knees. Danger knelt on the floor in front of her and aimed his cock straight for her exposed pussy. Still slick with Meghan's juices, he slid right in to the hilt filling Romy's lean, slender body to the hilt. "Fuck, oh fuck!! I can't believe it!! You're filling me with that fat prick," the brunette stammered as her cunt stretched around the invader. Danger slowly pulled his cock out of her leaving only the head inside her lips before slamming it back in causing her yelp with pleasure. "Oh yeah, just keep doing that and you can fuck me all night," she said as he thrust his cock into her a second time and got another scream. he then increased his pace to a continuous pumping action as he grabbed her hips and Romy was quickly on the brink of a massive orgasm. Her smooth, naked flesh broke out in a sweat, she threw her head back and allowed her limbs to go limp as Danger continued ravaging her cunt. She could feel her orgasm building within her body. The tension between her legs grew and grew until Danger's cock exploded inside her pussy, coating her insides with his hot cum. With her own orgasm now raging through her body she began screaming at the top of her lungs for seconds at a time as her orgasm raged through her body. Her toes curled up so far she almost broke them. Her hands gripped the chair hard enough to rip the cover and her cunt clamped down so tight on Danger's cock that he couldn't budge an inch. All he could do was sit there and ride out her orgasm waiting for her cunt to release him.

As Romy came down from her incredible orgasm, her cunt released Danger's cock which was now coated with a mixture of Meghan's, Romy's, and his own cum. Meghan who had been kneeling beside them as Romy came quickly kneeled over her friend's limp body and began cleaning off Danger's cock. She paid special attention to the sensitive head trying to entice a fresh load of cum from his balls. When Romy finally lifted her head, she was greeted with Meghan's dripping snatch just inches from her face. Meghan ass wiggled back and forth as she worked on Danger's cock. She was suddenly surprised by a long finger slowly sliding into her pussy.

"Gimme more than bitch, you're driving me crazy," Meghan pleaded after a few more strokes of Romy's finger. Her tall friend was only to happy to oblige and quickly had three fingers pumping in and out of Meghan's sex with her other hand rubbing and pushing her magic button. She was rewarded for her efforts by a few squirts of juice from her friend's climaxing pussy. Danger then said he was getting ready to cum and Meghan took his cock out of his mouth saying she wanted it up her ass. Romy quickly moved off of the bean bag and allowed her friend to lay on it face down before lubing up Meghan's ass with her own pussy juice. Danger then grabbed Meghan's hips and pulled her ass up to his cunt and pressed against her back door. Slowly but surely his cock began to sink into the redhead's tight rectum.
