 (This is a continuation of the first Story "A Girl Named Darcy", so you may want to read that also.)

*

Darcy and I woke up together early the next morning after our hot night of sex. I was tired and a little hung over from the day and night long partying at John and Kim's wedding. Seeing the naked and gorgeous Darcy cuddled in my arms meant last night wasn't a dream after all. I knew the house would be getting busy soon as most of the people had an early flight to catch back to the East Coast.

We both threw our clothes on and left. I brought Darcy back to the parking lot at the bar from last night. She sat right next to me on the short ride and the touch of her thigh against mine was going straight to my crotch. Parking next to her car I leaned over and we started deep kissing each other. A couple of minutes of this and my cock was getting hard. With both of us gasping to catch our breath we broke away panting and groping each other's bodies. We just couldn't get enough of each other.

"Why me?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" she answered.

I told her "You are so beautiful and sexy every guy at the wedding was hot for you and you could have had anyone you wanted. I'm not complaining but just wondering how I was so lucky to be picked out of everyone there. I mean, it looked like you and Jerry were really going for each other and then for some reason that just seemed to cool off."

Darcy explained to me that she was very interested in Jerry and having a great time with him until she heard us in the restroom. Jamie and Jerry were talking in the men's room and they didn't know she was in the ladies room and could hear everything that was said. Jamie told Jerry that he had it made with Darcy, as she was a slut who just picked out a different guy every night and fucked them.

Darcy didn't like Jamie as he was arrogant and didn't treat his girlfriend Karen very well. He was making moves on her and the other girls all day right in front of Karen. When she heard Jerry tell Jamie he had been hoping all night that Darcy was a slut she figured he was just like Jamie and decided to steer clear of him.

Darcy told me Jamie continued telling stories about her when she heard me say. "What's wrong with you guys? She's the hottest girl here and don't believe stories you hear. Anyone who tells stories isn't much of a gentleman and probably isn't telling the truth. Darcy seems very nice to me and if she does go home with you Jerry, you better give her some respect. We guys are always horny and I guess that's all right, but if it's a girl then she's a slut? Seems to me a horny girl is exactly what I would like to meet".

After that "I just thought you were a gentleman and it made me want to get closer to you. When I accidentally felt your cock under the table in the booth I just couldn't resist. Maybe I am a slut. But I really like sex and last night was really hot. I know we probably won't ever see each other again and I have no regrets at all. I just wish we had more time together." Said Darcy.

I kissed Darcy again and told her that I agreed about her opinion of Jamie but that Jerry was really a nice guy and was just horny like all of us. I felt bad that he was left out last night especially after the great sex we had. I also told her that her attitude towards sex was refreshing and that not having to play games was great. I never thought that I would ever meet a hot girl like her and it was like a fantasy come true.

I found out that she wasn't leaving for school until later that afternoon. As it was just six in the morning we had most of the day left. I asked her to go with me to my motel room and we could take a shower and decide what to do from there. I couldn't believe it when she readily agreed to follow me in her car.

Walking into the motel room Darcy and I found Jerry coming out of the bathroom in his underpants. He had a slight bulge showing. Poor guy probably was frustrated from last night. I know I would be after spending all that time with Darcy and then going home alone. I sensed Darcy take in her breath when she first saw Jerry and she wasn't shy about taking in his near nakedness. 

I lead Darcy into the bathroom and closed the door. Kissing her I offered to take a shower with her so I could wash her back. Laughing and smiling we both took off our clothes and turning the water on got into the shower. Standing together under the water we rubbed against each other running our exploring hands over each other while deep kissing the whole time. Her soft and wet skin felt so awesome in my hands. In no time my cock was standing up proud and poking her in her belly and thighs.

Turning her around facing the shower spray I pushed my cock against her hot ass and cupped her breasts tweaking and pinching her hard nipples. I brought my right hand down to her mound and teased her pubic hair just above her clit with gentle strokes of my fingers while continue to rub her breasts with my other hand. Slowly I curled my arm down and up between her legs. With my arm pushing against her mound I caressed the globes of her ass with my hand. I traced my fingers between her ass cheeks and across her bunghole and up each side of her pussy lips and then followed the path back down. I slowly slipped one finger between her pussy lips and brought the moisture up towards the top of her slit to lubricate her now hard clit.

Darcy was pushing her ass back against my hard cock and moaning softly as I stroked her pussy. She held my hand steady on her pussy and turned her head to kiss me. After kissing me she asked, "Do all you guys from the East have big cocks?"

"If you're talking about me, my cock is just about average. I don't know who else's cock you might be talking about, as I don't really know anyone else's size. I'm sure Jerry would be more then willing to let you size him up. Christ, he's probably sitting out there with a woody right now. I know I would be if our roles were reversed." I replied.

"You really think he has a hard on? Darcy asked.

"Hell yeah" I replied. "If you want I can leave and send him in so the two of you can get to know each other better."

"Why leave? Just call him in and I can get to know both of you better. I wouldn't want to leave you out there with a hard cock all by yourself."

I called out to Jerry that I needed his help in the bathroom. After Jerry entered the bathroom I told him to take off his clothes and help me wash Darcy's back. He didn't have to be asked twice. Hopping in the shower with us his cock was already three quarters hard and rising fast.

With Darcy facing Jerry and in between us, I started soaping up her back. Jerry was rubbing his hands all over her breasts and teasing her nipples. He put his head down and started sucking on them. Darcy was stroking his now very hard cock and pushing her fine ass against mine. I backed away and soaped up her incredible tight ass cheeks and up her crack pushing my slippery fingers into her tight little asshole. Grabbing her by the hips I pushed my cock against her soaped up ass and handed the soap to Jerry so he could wash her front. My hands slid around in front to play with Darcy's pussy and cup her breasts.

After Jerry had her front side soaped up we both continued to caress Darcy all over with our hands. Turning her sideways between us we worked together fingering and teasing her pussy and breasts. Taking the soap from Jerry, Darcy soaped up his front and then mine. She then proceeded to stroke our soap-covered cocks, one in each hand. She was really starting to squirm. Jerry was pumping his fingers in and out of her pussy and I was rubbing her clit. She let out a load moan and squeezing our cocks hard, she came right as I shoved a finger up her ass.

We rinsed the soap off Darcy and then she did the same for us. Jerry and I continued to touch and caress her hot body and she was doing the same to us. As she finished rinsing the soap off Jerry I pulled her back to one end of the shower. Then I pushed her head gently down towards Jerry's cock. She bent at the waist and grabbed his cock and started licking, stroking and sucking it. I got between her legs from behind and shoved my face into her wet, hot ass and flicked my tongue across her sweet and tender asshole. Pushing my tongue into her ass I shoved two of my fingers up into her pussy and started fucking her with them. Jerry was holding her breasts and pumping his cock in and out of her mouth.

With a groan Jerry said "I'm coming" and Darcy kept right on sucking his cock swallowing the first shot of his come. Before Jerry was finished shooting his cock popped out of Darcy's mouth as she started coming on my fingers. Jerry was shooting come across her breasts and reached down and covered her hand with his helping her continue stroking his cock until he finished. "Holy fuck" Jerry said. "That was awesome. Fuck, that was awesome."

"Oh my god you're right about that." Said Darcy. "Let's get out of the shower and on the bed, I'm really ready for a good fuck now." Grabbing my still hard cock she said. "I've got one big hard cock ready and while I'm getting my pussy pounded by this I'll help get that beautiful cock of yours ready to go again. How about it Jerry?"

"Shit it's already starting to come back. I think I'll be more then ready in just a couple of minutes." Said Jerry.

With that we dried off and ran into the bedroom. Darcy put Jerry on his back on the bed. Getting between his legs and her ass in the air she went right back to work on his hardening cock. Looking back she smiled at me and said. "See if you can slide in from behind today." Smiling, I placed myself behind her and spreading her knees slightly. I rubbed my cock up and down her very wet slit. I continued to tease her with my cock rubbing her from her asshole to her clit. I could hear her moan on Jerry's cock. I pushed into her pussy and groaned myself from the exquisite pleasure it gave me. It was almost enough to make me come so I stayed buried inside not moving for a few seconds to recover.

As the immense feeling to come subsided I started stroking my cock in and out of Darcy's pussy. The squishing sounds of my thrusts and the slapping of her ass against my stomach soon had me thoroughly enjoying this incredible sex romp. Pumping her harder I reached around to diddle her clit and fondle her breasts. I met Jerry's hands on her breasts and we both worked her over. Bending over her back I could see her sucking Jerry's cock. She was pumping her mouth and hand up and down his length and he was starting to shove it back at her. "She really gives a great blow job doesn't she Jerry?" I asked.

"She sure does, I can't believe how great it feels." He replied.

Pulling out of Darcy's sweet pussy I said. " Wait till you feel her hot pussy on your cock. Let's switch around. Darcy, how about sitting on his cock and then you can wrap that hot and wet mouth around mine." With that Darcy straddled Jerry and reaching down guided his cock into her steaming pussy. I stood up next to her and offered my cock to her mouth. Jerry was guiding her hips up and down as she slammed and ground herself on his cock. With one hand stroking and her mouth sucking on the head of my cock she continued to moan loader and louder. Pulling her mouth off my cock she pushed down really hard on Jerry and started coming as we both tweaked her nipples. She collapsed onto Jerry and started French kissing him passionately.

We wanted to know if she needed a break but she was ready for more action. She lay on her back with her hips at the side of the bed and asked Jerry to put his cock back in her. Standing on the floor Jerry put her legs up on his shoulders and shoved his cock inside her. Pulling my cock over to her mouth I straddled her chest and groaned from the feel of her mouth. I scooted back and placed my cock between her breasts. She cupped her breasts around my cock and I started fucking them. Every so often I would bring my cock back up so she could suck it with her hot wet mouth. I kept switching between her breasts and mouth getting more and more turned on.

Jerry was slamming into her fast and hard. Darcy was grunting with his every stroke. Soon Jerry was crying out he was going to come again. I got off Darcy and turned to see Jerry puling his glistening cock out of her pussy. Stroking it with his hand he started to shoot his come across her belly and pussy. Darcy reached up and grabbed his cock trying to coax out more of his come. Now idly caressing his cock Darcy started rubbing it in the puddles of come Jerry had just shot all over her. I told her she should clean off his cock for him.

She smiled and sat up. Using her tongue and mouth she cleaned Jerry's cock until only her wet saliva was left. Watching all this had my cock very hard and twitching. I needed to fuck as bad as I can ever remember. I asked if she was ready for some more fucking? She wanted to clean Jerry's come off her but I didn't care. I whispered to her. "You are so fucking sexy and hot right now that I'm ready to cover the rest of you with my hot come. So if you're ready to get your sweet little pussy pounded by my cock, then I've never been more ready myself."

"I'm ready, so just shove that beautiful cock inside me and fuck me hard. Fuck me until you shoot your sweet wet juice all over me. Please, Fuck me now." She begged.

I took Jerry's place between her legs and rubbed the head of my cock up and down her juicy slit. "Don't tease me like last night just put it in and fuck me silly." She said. I pushed my cock in hard and left it buried while rubbing our mounds together rotating my hips in a circular motion. I slid her farther upon the bed and putting my knees on the bed I pushed her legs up until her knees were against her breasts. With my hands under her knees I stroked my cock in and out of her dripping wet pussy. I would pull almost all the way out and then slam back hard all the way in. Darcy was moaning and I thought I had died and gone to heaven.

Lying down on top of her with her legs draped over my shoulders I started to fuck as hard as I could. I knew I didn't have much left. Darcy brought her legs down and wrapped them around my back. She fucked me back as hard as I was pounding my cock into her pussy. She cried out she was coming again and I kept stroking as fast as I could. Her legs went straight in the air and she was moaning. "Oh, Oh, Oh, My god yes. Oh, Fuck this is so wonderful. My god, don't stop. Please don't stop. Yeah, fuck me hard. Oh, I'm coming again." She was shaking underneath me and I was lost in the rapture of how great her pussy felt on my cock.

Finally slamming my cock four or five more times inside her wonderful pussy I pulled out and straddled her torso. Darcy grabbed my spurting cock and stroked my come towards her breasts. My first shot sailed to her face hitting her on the cheek. The next spurt was squirting onto her breasts, which were then covered with three more shots of come. I crawled forward as she lovingly milked the rest of the come from my cock onto her breasts. Using my hands I spread my come across her nipples and offered my fingers to her mouth.

She greedily sucked my fingers clean. I brought my still quivering cock to her mouth and she licked and sucked that clean as well. After deep kissing her and sucking our tongues into each other's mouths I licked her come-covered breasts clean. We heard a groan in the corner and saw Jerry with his cock in his hand shooting another load of come onto his belly. "Fuck that was hot to watch. I guess I got carried away but it sure felt good." Jerry said.

Getting off the bed I said. "I think we need another shower." We all laughed. We did take another shower together. There wasn't any more sex between us other then just playfully touching. We were too tired to do any more. Jerry and I both kissed Darcy goodbye and thanked her for the great fun. We all agreed it was an experience we wouldn't forget. That was the last time Jerry and I ever saw Darcy again. Jerry and her wrote to each other a couple of times but then he lost touch with her. It was a fantasy come true and nothing like it ever happened to us again. I can tell you that even today, whenever I hear the name Darcy, my cock begins to twitch.