 Chapter 20: Rub-a-Dub-Dub

The hot water of the shower splashed on her face washing away the last vestiges of sleep from her body. Josey Weaver wiped the water from her eyes and the grabbed the shampoo bottle and squirted some into her hand before lathering it into her shoulder length brown hair. As she washed her hair she looked down at her slender, naked, nineteen year old body. The water ran smoothly over her curved, white tits, being disturbed only by her large pink nipples which caused small drops to spit off into the air. Water cascaded down her flat stomach like a waterfall before entering her black haired bush and down her slender, toned legs. She quickly rinsed her hair and washed the rest of her body not wanting to take too long seeing as how she had already overslept.

When she finished she turned off the water and grabbed her white towel and wrapped it around herself. She cursed silently since the towel wasn't quite as big leaving a small opening right over her pussy. As she was in a hurry she just poked her head out of the bathroom door to see if the coast was clear. She didn't really feel like having her little brother's friends gawk at her as she ran half-naked to her bedroom. When she reached the safety of her room she closed the door and began drying herself off. As she was wiping her tits and squeezing them together, her twin sister Alex came out of the small half bathroom attached to the girls' bedroom. She was wearing only the bottoms of her dark red bikini and her tits bounced proudly as she strolled over to her bed and collected her top.

"We better hurry or we'll be late. We still have to pick up Daisy and Tonya," Alex said as she placed the cups of her bikini top over her firm, round tits and tied the skimpy garment to her body. She then started pulling on the cut-offs and tank top that had been laying beside her bikini top.

"I'm going as fast as I can," Josey said as she pulled the bottoms of her bright orange bikini up her slender legs. She quickly threw on her bikini top and a nylon track suit over it. "We'll have to grab breakfast on the way to Daisy's," she suggested as they made their way downstairs and out to their Geo Tracker. Since it was such a gorgeous day, they removed the soft-top roof before leaving. After a quick stop for some breakfast, they arrived at their friend Daisy's house. She came out of the house and jogged across the front lawn and jumped into the back of the Tracker. Daisy had curly blonde hair that hung between her shoulder blades. Her blue eyes were concealed behind her sunglasses and she was wearing a pair of light blue hospital pants and a white slinglet which left the red spaghetti straps of her bikini top visible.

"I just called Tonya and she's all ready," Daisy reported as Josey pulled away form the curb. "Oh yeah, she has the signs too." A few minutes later, they pulled up in front of a Tonya's house to find her sitting outside on the grass waiting for them. She picked up a couple of wooden signs and brought them over to the Tracker. She flashed the signs quickly as she was putting them in the back of the car. The signs were simple but got the message across, "Charity Car Wash for the State College Girls' Volleyball Team, 10AM until 6PM, $5 per car". The car wash was going to be held in the parking lot of the gas station owned by Daisy's uncle who lived next door to it.

When they arrived Daisy and Alex each grabbed a sign and put it at either entrance to the station while Alex and Tonya went inside to get the supplies they had put there the day before. Ryan, the guy who was working at the station already had a stiffy just from thinking about these four hot chicks parading around mostly naked in the parking lot all day. And he didn't have long to wait. From where he sat behind the counter, he was right next to where the cars would pull up to be washed and could easily see the girls through the window. His dick grew even harder as he watched Daisy pull her slinglet over her head to reveal her tiny bikini with its red straps and blue cups which sported large white stars. She then dropped her pants to show her bottoms which had red and white striped straps with a blue crotch and ass each with another large white star. Alex was out of her clothes quickly as well leaving her in only her red bikini. They then unwound the hose as the other girls came out with the scrub buckets, sponges, and soap.

As Daisy and Alex filled the buckets with soapy water, Alex and Tonya took the opportunity to remove their outer clothing. Alex was left in her bright orange bikini while Tonya stripped down to her skin tight, black tankini and string bikini bottoms. Ryan had to shift in his seat to find room for his hard cock watching the four nineteen year old girls prance around in skimpy bikinis.

Eventually the first car pulled up, and the girl went to work. The driver had a beautiful down between Josey's tits as she bent over to wash the hood of the car. Seeing the driver ogle her cleavage gave her an idea. She stood up straight and held the soapy sponge against her chest just above her tits and squeezed it hard allowing all the soap to run down on her tits. She then bent over again and rubbed her soapy tits against the cool metal of the car. When she stood back up her nipples were poking against the red fabric of her bikini and were visible to everybody.

"You're so bad," Tonya said as she washed the driver's window, "but it's not a bad idea." She then slapped her ass up against the window and rubbed it all over. The poor guy inside was almost drooling with this tight, round ass just inches from his face. Finally they were done and the guy drove away. Almost immediately the next car pulled in with a three guys inside and all the girls decided to give them a show. Josey repeated her performance on the hood while Daisy joined Tonya in washing the windows, except Daisy used her tits while she stared at the guy in the passenger seat licking her lips. Alex was washing the back of the car with her tits and had the full attention of the guy in the back seat.

After servicing a few more cars, Tonya noticed the attention they were getting from Ryan; he was staring right at them. When the next car pulled in she let the other three handle it while she turned and walked towards the window through which Ryan was watching. He noticed her coming and tried to pretend that he had been doing something else, but he couldn't help looking at the redhead's impressive rack as she came beside the building. Suddenly she grabbed the bottom of her tankini and pulled it up flashing her tits at him. He stared at her round, wet tits with their large, hard pink nipples. Small clusters of soap bubbles slid down the inner curves of her wondrous globes. Ryan had to stop himself from trying to jump through the plate glass window to get his hand on them. He was so mesmerized by Tonya's chest that it took him a second to realize that she had moved. She had already made it through the door and was approaching the counter by the time he found her.

"So, are you allowed to take breaks or do you have to stand guard continuously?" Tonya asked him making sure she stuck her tits out to give him a clear view of her dripping cleavage. "Because I know you're excited from staring at us gorgeous creatures for, oh, almost an hour now, and I'd like to help you relieve the tension," she said as she leaned her upper body forward seducing the poor guy with her tits. Ryan gazed down at the bumps in the fabric of her tankini caused by her rock hard nipples poking against them and thanked God for this moment.

"I, uh, I've been meaning to take a bathroom break," he stammered.

"Excellent," Tonya squealed as her eyes lit up and she turned and ran off towards the bathrooms at the back of the station. Ryan arrived a few seconds later to find the stacked redhead peeling her wet tankini from her tits. They jiggled slightly as the bounced free from their confinement. Tonya then took Ryan by the hand and stood in front of the toilet before closing the door behind her. She then stood close to Ryan and sunk her tongue into his mouth. he returned the favor as her hands fumbled with the snap and zipper of his jeans. Once they were open her hands were inside his underwear stroking his hard cock which was already leaking precum. She then pushed him down onto the closed toilet and he grabbed the straps of her bikini bottoms and tugged them down with him exposing her flame red bush and swollen pussy lips. Tonya quickly kicked the tiny shorts off and crouched between Ryan's legs and resumed stroking his long, hot cock.

"This should put you at ease," she said staring devilishly into his eyes before taking his cock into her mouth. She licked all over the shaft and sucked on his purple head as she snaked one hand down the inside of her thigh and cupped her moist pussy mound and began rubbing back and forth over her sensitive lips and excited clit. Her middle finger easily slipped between her wet labia and into her pussy where she began pumping it and out. Ryan was already excited from watching the girls, watching Tonya strip, and having Tonya going down on him, but watching her finger her pussy put him over the edge. His cock twitched twice and then fired stream after stream of hot, thick cum into the naked redhead's waiting mouth. After swallowing his cum, Tonya stood up and straddled his thighs. "Lick my cunt you horny bastard," she yelled at him and he was only too happy to oblige. He pushed face between her spread thighs and his tongue immediately found its way between her oily lips and penetrated into her cunt.

"Oh, God! Fuck, that feels so good!!" Tonya gasped as Ryan's tongue worked its way to her clit and then back to her pussy over and over again. She had her hands on the back of his head pushing his face into her crotch as she pushed her crotch into his face trying to get his tongue deeper inside her. Finally she came with a gush of juice down the inside of her smooth, white thighs.

"That felt great," she said putting a hand on the wall to steady herself, "you really know how to munch box. I'd better get back to washing." She then wiped her juice off her legs with some toilet paper and pulled her bikini back on and left poor Ryan with pants around his ankles and a raging hard on begging to fuck her hot cunt.

The traffic started to dwindle at about half past five as every guy in town must've brought his car by to be washed, Alex had seen some cars come by four or five times to be buffed by the soapy sirens. Their bikinis were now so wet that they were practically see through. Tonya's in particular, the tight black fabric was so wet and stretched that the outline of her nipples could easily be seen. The girls were getting ready to put everything away, dry off and go to Daisy's uncle's house next door where they had stashed some booze for after the car wash. Daisy's aunt and uncle had already left to go out for the night so they figured they'd have a small party. Tonya was pondering whether or not to invite Ryan along to finally satisfy him when another car pulled up just a few minutes before six o'clock.

One of Danger's friend's had told him about four unbelievably hot chicks washing cars practically naked at the gas station so he decided to take a swing by. After pulling in Tonya approached his window to collect the five dollars and danger could barely believe his eyes. Her suit was clinging to so tight that he could see her nipples and her red bush through the straining material. When Tonya saw him she forgot all about Ryan, she decided then and there that Danger would be coming to their party that night.

"Washed many cars today?" Danger asked Tonya knowing full well what the answer would be.

"It's been non-stop," she replied as she scrubbed the roof, her barely concealed tits jiggling back and forth just inches from Danger's face. "I can't figure it out," she said sarcastically.

"Yeah, I don't know Why would guys come to have their car washed by four gorgeous girls in soaking wet bikinis," Danger joked back. "How much longer are you here for?"

"You're probably the last one we'll do. I think the other girls have already taken in the signs," Tonya replied.

"I don't suppose I win anything special for being last, like having my car washed for free or anything?" Danger said admiring her flat stomach.

Tonya crouched so that she was looking in the window. She thought for a second and before saying, "As a matter of fact, you have won something." Danger raised his eyebrows and waited for her to finish. "You've won an invitation to small private party to be held by four very attractive, bikini clad nineteen year old girls. This gas station and that house next door are owned by the uncle of the blonde in the red, white, and blue bikini, her name's Daisy. We've got some liquor waiting for us there and I'm sure the other girls wouldn't mind sharing some with a hottie like you."

"OK, there's no way I'm turning that down," Danger said. "My name's Danger and the blonde washing my headlights with her tits is Daisy, but what's your name?"

"I'm Tonya, and the twins are Alex and Josey. Alex is in the dark red bikini and Josey's in the orange one," Tonya informed him before standing up and calling to the other girls. "Hey guys, this is Danger and he's going to be joining our little party tonight." The girls all nodded their approval.

"What about Ryan?" Josey whispered as she walked past.

"He's only a high school kid, we've got a real man here," Tonya said licking her lips and winking at the brunette as she sauntered past. "Go park your car by the door and we'll go in," Tonya said to Danger as she crouched back down in his window. "The other girls can finish up here." With that Danger started his car and drove over to the house and parked by the basement entrance. As he got out, Tonya was approaching him with the key to the door and her knapsack. Once inside she switched on the light, kicked off her wet sneakers, and pulled a towel out of her bag. She started towards the kitchen as Danger sat down on the couch and out of the corner of his eye her saw her grab the bottom of her tankini and peel it off her body. He caught a glimpse of her large, round tits in profile just before she disappeared into the next room. When she returned she had the towel wrapped around herself, her discarded bikini in one hand, and two bottles of beer in the other. She handed one bottle to Danger before tossing her bikini on the floor next to the door and cranked the stereo. She then sat down in a chair opposite Danger and took a long drink of her beer. They talked for a few minutes over the music before Tonya decided it was time to have some fun.

She placed her right foot on the edge of the coffee table and put her beer bottle against the inside of the knee and began sliding it slowly down the inside of her thigh. She bit her lip so as not to jump from the cold glass against her warm skin. As she neared her cunt, she leaned her left leg off to the side and flipped the towel away exposing her swelling lips and fire, red bush. Tonya nestled the bottle right between her legs so that it was resting on both her clit and her moist lips. Her hips bucked slightly as she pressed the cold cylinder against her sensitive pussy mound. She closed her eyes, leaned her head back, and let a low moan escape her lips as he turned the bottle back and forth between her thighs. Her other hand loosened the knot in her towel and pushed it open giving Danger a frontal view of her firm tits. He watched almost hypnotized as her large, ripe tits gently raised and fell as she breathed. Her large nipples were growing harder by the second and Tonya then brought her hand up to squeeze and tug at the left one.

"Ever jack off watching a girl masturbate?" Tonya asked him between moans. Danger shook his head to Tonya replied, "Why don't ya give it a try and release your that before it burst through your pants." Danger calmly stood up and pulled his T-shirt over his head before kicking off his shoes and undoing his pants. He pushed his pants and boxer to the floor and bent down to take them off his feet obscuring Tonya's view of his cock as he did so. he glanced over at her and saw her craning her neck trying to see his equipment. As he sat back down on the couch he saw her eyes grow wide as she got her first look at his fully erect, nine inch cock. She licked her lips lustfully as he wrapped his right hand around the shaft and slowly stroked himself as he watched her hump and buck against the cold beer bottle between her legs.

"Oh God, I gotta get some of that thick meat," Tonya said as she placed the bottle on the coffee table between them and got to her feet. She came around the table and knelt between Danger's legs and took over stroking his cock. She then leaned over and took him into her mouth sliding her tongue all the way down the bottom of his shaft. Tonya then wrapped one hand around the base of his shaft and placed the other between her legs and began going down on Danger as she rubbed herself. Danger was jolted from his reverie by the sound of the door opening and the sight of a gorgeous silhouette against the outside light.

"Well I see the party's started already," the silhouetted figure said with a giggle. She then stepped in and closed the door and Danger could now see that it was Daisy. She grabbed the towel from where Tonya had been sitting and began drying her body. She wandered over to the end of the couch and her mouth fell open when she saw Danger's prick. "Oh my God," she started, "I've never seen a cock that big before." With that she threw the towel back on the chair and reached behind to undo the clasp of her bikini top. She pulled it away from her body revealing her impressive tits to Danger. They were slightly smaller than Tonya's but just firm and her nipples were just as pink and hard. Daisy then hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her bottoms and pushed them sown her long, toned legs and kicked them off her feet. She began rubbing her pussy through her naturally blonde bush as she walked over behind Tonya who still didn't know that the door had even opened.

"Hey bitch, get off and let someone else have a turn," Daisy said as she kicked Tonya softly in the butt. The ravenous redhead lifted her head and looked behind to see Daisy's cunt just inches from her face. "I wanna ride that thick shaft. Outta the way," Daisy said as she pushed Tonya over onto the floor. Tonya went to protest but Daisy immediately straddled Danger's legs, grabbing his cock and pointing it at her moist slit. She held her breath as she felt the purple head separate her lips and sink into her body. Her breath finally released as she felt the walls of her pussy give way and stretch allowing Danger's cock to fit more easily inside. Eventually she came to rest on his lap with his entire nine inches buried deep inside her. The two then shared a deep kiss with their tongues wrestling between their lips as Daisy began to fuck herself on Danger's cock, slowly lifting her body a few inches before sitting back on his lap.

"Ooooh, I feel like I'm about to explode," Daisy said, "but it feels so fuckin' good." She then pulled her body up so that only the head of Danger's cock was left inside her and then impaled herself again. Daisy began riding Danger as fast as she could, her moans becoming louder each time she drove his long, hard cock into her wet pussy. Tonya had retrieved her bottle and was holding it between her legs rubbing it up and down her swollen pussy mound as she teetered on the edge of the coffee table. The door opened once more and Josey and Alex stopped dead in their tracks as they saw their friends stark naked, one riding Danger's cock while the other one masturbated with a beer bottle. Josey blushed at the scene in front of her and quickly grabbed a towel and started drying off, but Alex jumped right in.
