 Chapter 23: Wilderness Survival

Danger threw his duffel bag onto the cot and peered out the widow of his log cabin over the rest of the camp ground. He had agreed to be a counselor at a weekend camp put on by a local private school. Each year the new students would go on a camping trip for a weekend to get to know each other before the term started. Danger knew there were two other counselors, but he hadn't met them yet so he went off to the camp director's office to see who was around. The camp director's name was Wanda, she was a nice middle aged woman who also worked at the school as a math teacher. She told Danger that the other counselor's were in their cabin which was next to his.

"Come in," he heard a female voice call out when he knocked on the door. Entering he found a tall, slender girl brushing her short, sandy blonde hair. "Hi, I'm Mary Jane, call me MJ" she started, "you must be Danger, the other counselor." Danger responded that he was as they shook hands. "The other counselor's name is Cleo. I think she's gone for a swim in the lake. We got here yesterday and have been enjoying the peace and quiet. Have the kids arrived yet?"

"Yeah, they're getting shown to their cabins now," Danger said as she turned away to place her brush on the modest dresser. This gave him a chance to admire her long, creamy legs. Her slender figure was concealed by the typical camp counselor outfit, a T-shirt and shorts.

"How many do we have?" Mary Jane asked.

"Fourteen," he said, "eight girls and six boys all fifteen or sixteen years old. Doesn't seem like very many for a first year class."

"This school is very exclusive. You only get in if you have top marks and you're parents can afford to put you through," MJ explained.

They chatted for a few minutes about what the schedule for the next couple of days was when the door opened and a tall blonde wrapped in a large, yellow towel stepped in. Her slick, wet hair was long enough to hang between her shoulder blades.

"Hi," Mary Jane said to her, "This is Danger, the other counselor."

Cleo said hello to him as she closed the door behind her. Danger didn't have to worry about her figure being concealed because as soon as the door was closed she threw the towel on the upper bunk leaving her in a blue string bikini which showed the curved of her B-cup tits and her tight, round ass cheeks.

"Well I've to finish getting straightened away so I'll pop next door and let you get changed," Danger said as he stood up and headed for the door. "See you at dinner." He had noticed that the cabins had windows on both sides and when he got back to his he was delighted to find that Cleo had forgotten to draw the curtain over her window. Danger with an almost unobstructed view into the girls' cabin as Cleo untied the knot in her bikini and peeled it from her perky tits. Her nipples were deep pink and standing out from the cold material that had been restraining them.

That night at dinner Wanda welcomed everyone to the camp and introduced Danger, Cleo, and Mary Jane as counselors who would be leading the activities of the next couple of days. Afterward, Danger and the girls stayed behind after the kids had left to do some planning. When they finally left around 11:00PM Danger noticed that one of the kids had left his ball cap. He found the name Colby Lestwick written on the inside. He found which cabin Colby so he could drop it off. Before doing that he head back to his own cabin to find that Cleo and MJ had still not drawn the curtain and he could see them clearly as they changed for bed. Both girls had similar builds, B-cup tits, slender waists, and hips with long, toned legs. Cleo threw on thin a night gown and climbed up to the upper bunk. As she rolled into place, her thighs parted showing Danger that not only was she not wearing any underwear, but also that she was a natural blonde.

When their light went out, Danger headed off for Colby cabin. He knocked on the door, but didn't get any response. He went around the side and looked in the window and was surprised to find the cabin empty. he check some of the other cabins to find them empty as well. Puzzled he started back to tell the ladies that the kids had snuck off when he heard a laugh come from the forest behind the cabins. He found a path going back into the fairly dense woods and quietly followed it until it came to a clearing on the shore of the lake. not wanting to be seen her ducked behind a large bush before peering out at the kids crowded around a group of lanterns.

There were nine kids sitting around the lanterns, five girls and four guys. Danger could just see the rest of the kids skinny dipping in the lake. He couldn't tell the guys from the girls with the lack of light so he focused his attention on the group of nine in front of him. He recognized each of them from when he had met them earlier. He matched the names to the faces in his his head: Tammy Malone, Julie Rodgers, Holly Grant, Laura Daniels, Nicole Jacobs, Andrew Stynes, Colin Weeks, Sebastian Corning, and Chuck McCann. Tammy had black hair and was wearing a red halter top and cut-offs, Julie had brown hair and was wearing a T-shirt and shorts, Holly was a blonde wearing a tube top and a skirt, Laura stood out as a redhead and she was wearing a baby-T and cut-offs. The final girl Nicole had blossomed early and her tits were already as big as Cleo's and MJ's. She was blonde and wearing a white bikini. The guys were all dressed in T-shirts and shorts and were all hungrily eyeing their new classmates.

He could hear that they were playing the timeless classic Truth or Dare. The usual questions had been going around: "How old were you when you first kissed a boy?", "How many girls have you kissed?, "Have you ever let a boy feel your tits?" Danger was surprised to hear that none of the kids was all that experienced sexually, but then he remembered that most of them came from strict, proper upbringings. He knew that was about to change when one of the guys suggested that they get rid of the truth option and just go with dare all the girls giggled and agreed. They all looked at Tammy whose turn it was next.

"Enough talk, time for some action," she started. "Colin, is your cock hard?" Flushed and a little stunned, Colin nodded yes. "Great! Colin, I dare you to show us your cock." The other girls started giggling as Colin sheepishly got to his knees and began undoing his pants. He pulled down the front of his pants and boxers letting his seven inch cock spring out. It was fully erect and pointing skyward with a tuft of blonde hair at its base. The girls took on the guy's hungry look at they gazed at his meat. Colin began to pull his pants back over his prick when Andrew spoke.

"Hang on Colin, it's my turn now and I dare, let's see, Holly to touch your cock," the young brown haired boy said. Both Colin and holly turned beat red. Holly was about to protest when the girls on either side of her pushed her forward. She kneeled in front of Colin and looked nervously into his eyes for a minute before looking down at his cock and reaching her hand out. Colin's cock twitched a bit as Holly's fingers wrapped around the smooth shaft.

"Wow, it's so warm," she said to no one in particular as she began to slowly move her hand up and down stroking Colin's stiff prick. Colin breathed deeply and his eyes closed partially as he felt the girl's hand on his cock.

"Well if you like it so much, I'm going to dare you to go down him," Julie said breaking the silence. The others gasped collectively as Holly looked back up at Colin's face. "Come on, put it in your mouth," Julie prodded her. Nervously, holly backed away a step or two and bent down bringing her face less than an inch from Colin's dick. She opened her mouth wide and took him inside before sealing her lips around his shaft. She began bobbing her head up and down much to Colin's delight who was now moaning at the feel of the girl's warm mouth around his aching cock. It didn't take long for Holly's mouth to extract a load of cum from Colin's young balls and the sudden explosion of cum in her mouth surprised. he jumped back with a yelp as she tried to spit out the thick cream. Colin's cock fired a few more blasts that landed on the ground in front of him. He fell back onto his ass to recover and take his turn and he knew exactly who he was going after.

"I dare Tammy to take off her top," Colin said as he stared at her nipples poking against the fabric of her halter top. Tammy reached behind her and untied the two knots in her top and tossed it aside revealing her small tits with hard, pink nipples. All the guys stared at her chest until Holly's voice broke them from their trance.

"It's my turn now," the blonde started, "and I dare Andrew to suck on her nipples." Andrew moved immediately and pushed her back onto her elbows. he cupped her right breast in his left hand and lowered his head before flicking his tongue over its hard nipple. He then closed his mouth over it which drew a moan from Tammy as her head fell back. After circling his tongue around her nipple a few times, he moved his head over to her other tit and did the same to its nipple before Tammy pushed him away saying it was time to continue.

"I'm next," Sebastian looking at the row of girls in front of him for a target. His eyes quickly locked onto Nicole's large, round tits and slender figure. "They've had their fun with you, I think it's time you had some with them," he said turning to Colin sitting next to him. "I dare you to take off Nicole's bikini. With your teeth." Nicole had a great body and she knew it so she quickly kneeled it front of him waiting for him to strip her naked. First she bit the shoulder straps of her bikini and pulled them down her arms before moving to the back and pulling the knot out letting her top fall to the ground revealing her firm, round tits. The guys hooted and hollered at her tits before urging him to move on to her bottoms. Colin bit the waistband on alternating sides and tugged in down of her hips letting her sparse blond bush come to view which the rest of the guys loved. When it dropped to the ground she sat back down jumping a bit when her bare skin touched the cold leaves scattered on the ground. Colin then kneeled in front of the almost naked blonde and bit the crotch of her bikini bottoms. His nose was filled with the musky aroma of her fresh, young cunt as he pulled the last of her clothes down her legs.

When Colin returned to his spot, Laura immediately blurted out her dare, "Since you wanted to see her naked Sebastian, I dare you to lick Nicole's cunt." Sebastian sported a wide grin as he got to his knees and crawled over to where Nicole sat. She was covered in goose bumps from the cool air against her naked skin and from the anticipation of Sebastian tasting her pussy. She leaned back on her arms and spread her legs revealing her blonde trimmed pussy lips to the group. They were already moist from watching the others and she knew it wouldn't take much from Sebastian to get her completely wet and probably even cum. The brown haired boy slowly lowered his head between her thighs, his eyes locked on their target. When his face was just inches away from Nicole's snatch he stuck out his tongue and placed it at the base of her moist slit. Slowly he dragged his tongue up over her rubbery labia and brushed over her growing clit. Nicole moaned deeply as her head fell back and and her legs fell even wider apart. Sebastian licked her again and it felt as if lightning bolts were arcing through her groin. Her clit had now emerged from its protective hood and and Sebastian's next pass he caught it fully with the tip of his tongue causing Nicole to scream out in pleasure. Sebastian could now taste her juices seeping from between her swelling lips.

"OK, we don;t want to have to much fun too early," Chuck said as he pulled Sebastian from between Nicole's legs. "Besides it's my turn, and I want to see Tammy get naked." never one to disappoint Tammy quickly stood up and undid the button and zipper of her cut-offs. She slipped the shorts down off her hips and let them drop to the ground revealing her pink, cotton panties which soon followed them. Stepping out of her discarded clothes, she gave the guys a good look at her thin, black bush. She then walked slowly down between the others giving the guys a good look at her body before crouching next to Nicole and whispering something in her ear. Nicole giggled before taking her turn.

"Sebastian," she started trying to sound innocent, "If you would you like to have two naked girls all over your body, then I dare you to take off your clothes and come with us." Amid the hoots and hollers of the other guys Sebastian stood up and pulled off his shirt before dropping his shorts and boxers. His stiff cock stood as least seven inches long and Nicole and Tammy eyed it hungrily as they each took an arm and led him off behind a large bush out of everyone's sight.

After a few moments of stunned silence Andrew realized that is was his turn again since Tammy had left. Figuring that the game had gone to another level he dared the rest of the girls to take off their clothes. Julie, holly, and Laura agreed to do so only if all the guys got naked right after them. The three remaining boys quickly agreed to those terms so the three girls rose to their feet as Chuck suggested that they go one at a time. Julie went first pulling her T-shirt over her head exposing her white bra before dropping her shorts to show her matching panties. She breathed deeply before shedding each piece of underwear and now stood naked before the boys' roving eyes. Those eyes then moved to Holly who grabbed the bottom of her tank top and pulled it off letting her small tits jiggle free. She then unclipped her skirt and pulled it down along with panties proving that she was also a natural blonde.

"Let's see if your as red down there as you are on top," Chuck said as Laura began pulling her tight T-shirt off. next she released her tits from her bra before dropping her cut-offs to reveal that not only did she have a red bush, but that she wasn't wearing any underwear.

"OK guys, you're turn," Julie said holding them to their end of the bargain. As promised the guys began shedding their clothes and soon stood naked with three six inch cocks pointing skyward. Julie was the first to move pushing Colin back to the ground and onto his back. "You've already been sucked tonight, time for the next level," she said as she sat over his cock and guided the purple head towards her swollen pussy mound. She moaned as the shaft penetrated her lips and pushed into her tight pussy. Julie bounced on just the first couple of inches until she felt herself open up and then she took the rest of Colin's meat into her body.

Laura moved next kneeling in front of Chuck and taking him into her mouth after a few strokes of his hard prick. Holly was still a bit nervous and waited for Andrew to come over before taking his cock into her hand and stroking it. "That's not what I want baby," Andrew said as he placed a hand between her legs and cupped her pussy mound. Holly's eyes closed and a moan escaped her lips as Andrew lowered her to the ground. "Just kneel down and I'll make you feel really good," he said to the blonde virgin. With her on her hands and knees Andrew moved behind her and spread her thighs as he continued rubbing her slit. She was very wet now and Andrew decided it was time to go. He placed the head of his cock between her lips and pushed it in until he felt her cherry. He reached down and began fondling her sensitive nipples as a distraction as he pushed forward and popped through her cherry. She gave a little cry of pain but Andrew assured her that it wouldn't hurt from now on and by the moaning that came out of her when Andrew started pumping in and out of her it certainly didn't seem as though she was in any pain.

When the six of them all got going, Danger suddenly remembered that Tammy and Nicole and snuck away with Sebastian. He quietly shuffled to his left and peered through another bush and he could just see them through the darkness. Tammy was flat on her back with her legs splayed wide apart. Nicole's face was buried in Tammy's pussy lapping away causing the brunette to moan loudly as she pinched and rolled her large, pink nipples. Sebastian was kneeling behind Nicole pumping his cock in and out of her swollen pussy, her ass smacking against his thighs on each thrust. Nicole then pulled her face out of Tammy's twat and slid two finger inside the young brunette and began pumping away. As the three of the, raced towards orgasm, Danger heard a orgasmic scream from the other group and easily recognized it as Holly cumming for the first time. He slid back to his right to see Andrew's cock buried to the hilt and Holly's body trembling and spasming as her orgasm rippled through her body. He then heard Tammy, Nicole, and Sebastian in the midst of their orgasm and as she shifted back to see them he lost his balance and fell backwards making quite a bit of noise.

"Shit somebody's in the woods!" he heard a female voice cry out. Suddenly there was a rush of naked bodies down towards the beach, each clutching and grabbing their discarded clothes. Danger cursed himself for being so clumsy and waited for a few minutes to make sure that everyone had left before he came out of his hiding spot. He then emerged from the woods and crept back to the main cap area. He peered into a few cabins to find all the beds occupied and pieces of clothes flung all about. Next he went to Cleo and MJ's cabin to tell them what he had seen, but as he went to knock on the door he heard a loud moan come from inside. He immediately thought that the two blondes may be up to what the kids were up to and darted around to the side of the cabin to peer in the window. The girls had finally drawn the curtains, but Danger was able to find a small crack to look through. He saw Cleo lying in the top bunk with her legs open and knees bent with MJ's head between her thighs. Cleo's night gown was bunched around her stomach giving MJ access to her cunt and herself access to her tits. MJ was completely naked and was sucking on Cleo's clit while pumping her fingers in and out of her friend's pussy.

Suddenly Cleo's back arched and she grabbed the sides of the mattress and Danger could just hear her moan through the glass as she came. The two girls then sat up and MJ helped Cleo out of her night gown before sitting between her legs and sliding towards her until their pussies touched. They started rotating their hips grinding their crotches against each other. They stared into each other's eyes as they started banging their cunts together followed by lifting their asses of the bed and rubbing together so that their sweet juices flowed into each other pussies and mixed together. After a few minutes Mary Jane's head fell back as a long moan escaped her lips as she came all over Cleo's pussy. The two girls then assumed a 69 position to lick each other's cunt clean before Mary Jane jumped down from the top bunk, her tits landing with a jiggle, put out the light, and they went to back to bed. Danger returned to his cabin and lay awake for a long time replaying all the events he had seen that night in his head before finally drifting off to sleep.

The next day went quickly, although Danger had a bit of difficulty looking at the kids and Cleo and MJ after what he had seen them do last night. but he managed not to act strange enough to have anyone question him. After everyone had settled down for the night, he looked next door into Cleo and MJ's cabin, but they had the curtain drawn so he couldn't see anything. Giving in his temptation he left his cabin and quietly slipped over to the kids' cabins. As he expected he found them all empty. He found the path to the clearing they had been in last night and followed it, but the clearing was empty. The kids must have figured whoever was watching them last night would be looking for them again. He walked down to the edge of the lake and stood there breathing in the cold, crisp air when he head something from farther up the shore. it was definitely the sound of a group of people having sex. He noticed he could also see the flicker of flames; the kids had just moved a little farther up the shore. Quietly he crept up and peered out from behind a group of boulders. All fourteen kids were naked and participating in a huge orgy. Danger scanned the pile for the kids he had watched last night.
