 Danger Ch. 4: Department of Foreign Affairs

It was a slow Thursday night and Danger was sitting at work without much to do. He was working for the university during the afternoons and evenings for the summer. While the afternoon were usually a bit hectic, the evenings were usually slow and dull. However, when there was work to be done it was enjoyable and the pay was good. As was typical of most computer science schools there were a large number of foreign students, many of which were male unfortunately. Even worse, most of the females weren't all that attractive. However there were a few that had caught Danger's eye. There was one girl that he had noticed in particular. Her name was Atsuko Kitamura; she was Japanese, about 5' 6", with typical Oriental features; short black hair, brown eyes, small nose. She had exceptional body with firm breasts, slim hips, and great legs. Being summer she often wore tight tops and short skirts that left little to the imagination, but just enough to drive a guy crazy.

This particular Thursday night was unusually slow. To Danger it felt like time was going backward. He decided to take a stroll around the department to keep him from falling asleep. He passed empty room after empty room and began to wonder if anyone else but him was around at all. As he walked past the main doors they opened suddenly and Danger looked to see whom it was. His spirits lifted when he saw it was Atsuko. She flashed him a small smile as she strolled by with one of her friends. Danger was focusing on Atsuko and didn't notice what the other girl looked like.

Danger returned to his desk and continued on with some meaningless busy work to pass the time. After what seemed like a good hour Danger looked at the clock and saw only fifteen minutes had elapsed. He was beginning that he would never get out of there tonight. He decided to take another walk and saw that there were still no more people around than there had been before. He saw Atsuko sitting at one of the computer terminals working away; she didn't notice him so he continued on past. As he continued his loop around he looked in the window on the other side of the lab and noticed that she was no longer sitting in the lab, although her books were still spread about so he knew she'd be back.

When he returned to his desk she was standing there waiting for him. She was leafing through a book and hadn't noticed him. He took just a fraction of a second to admire her form. She was wearing a blue denim skirt that fell about a foot or so above her knee showing off most of her shapely legs. Along with that was a tight, white strap top through which one could clearly see the bra underneath. As she was leaning over the desk slightly, her shirt was riding up in the back just enough to show off a bit more of her flawless skin. Danger swallowed and started off toward his desk, "Hey," he said attracting her attention; "need some help?"

"Oh, hi Danger!" Atsuko started as she hadn't seen him approach, "Yes, I accidentally deleted one of my files and it was really important and I need it back and I don't know how. Can you help me, please?" Danger loved the sound of her accent. He decided to have a little fun with her since restoring deleted files was one of the more tedious tasks he was responsible for.

Danger hung his head dramatically and then looked at her out of the corner of his eye and sighed heavily saying, "I suppose I can get it back although it's a long and arduous process." We made sure to embellish his motions for effect. An apologetic look came across her beautiful face, she started to apologize, but Danger cut her off with a wave of his hand. "It's no problem really." He motioned for her to lead the way back to her terminal. As she did Danger gazed down on her ass. Her skirt was tight enough that her panty line showed and the cheeks of her wonderfully tight ass were clearly defined. This was all complemented by a slight wiggle as she walked along.

Once in the lab Danger sat down behind her terminal and began the process of restoring the file. Atsuko pulled another chair alongside and sat down crossing her legs. As he executed the necessary commands they started talking and Danger knew his charm was working as she started laughing more and more causing her tits to jiggle slightly. Eventually her hand found its way to his thigh, soon to be followed by the other one. She then looked around to make sure no one else was around and then leaned over and began nibbling on his ear. Danger placed his hand on her bare knee and gently tickled it causing her to stop and giggle. He turned her head toward her and their mouths met with their tongues assaulting each other furiously. As they separated she placed her hand on his crotch feeling his cock through his pants. "Is there anywhere secluded we could steal away?" she asked with a wicked grin tugging at the edges of her mouth.

Danger immediately got to his feet and led her by the hand out of the lab. He took her to a small office that had been vacant for some time. Once inside Danger turned to lock the door. When he looked back to Atsuko, she was leaning against the desk pinching her hard, pink nipples; her shirt and bra lay on the floor. Danger replaced her hands with his own as they kissed, their tongues grappling with each other. They stayed this way for a few moments, Danger rolling her nipples through his fingers and groping her firm breasts. Atsuko then fell to her knees and began undoing Danger's pants eventually freeing his nine-inch cock from his boxers. She gently sucked and licked its purple head before plunging the entire shaft into her eager mouth. Her head bobbed furiously as she went down on the hot cock that filled her mouth. Danger placed his hands on her head and guided her as the Oriental girl quickly extracted a load of hot cum form his balls. She gagged a bit but managed to swallow the entire load. As she stood up she reached back and undid the zipper on her skirt letting it fall to the floor leaving her only in her white, cotton panties, which had a large wet spot growing out from between her thighs. After quickly removing his shirt, Danger hooked his thumbs in the waistband of her underwear and pulled half way down to her knees before placing his hand between her legs and groping her wet pussy. Atsuko bucked slightly as the palm of his hand mashed against her sensitive clit and one of his fingers found its way between her soft lips. She bit her lower lip as Danger slowly pushed his finger in and slowly drew it out several times.

Danger then abruptly removed his finger, dragging it along her clit causing her to rise up on the balls of her feet. "Turn around," he said quietly. Atsuko did as Danger requested and he finished removing her panties and placed a kiss on each of her tight ass cheeks. She then bent over the desk and spread her legs exposing her swollen pussy lips. Danger nestled the head of his cock between those lips, took a firm grip on her slim hips, and gently pushed his way into her hot, tight cunt. The breath caught in her throat as she felt Danger's member slowly stretch her pussy. After inserting his entire nine inches, Danger paused for a minute allowing Atsuko to adjust.

"Fuck me. Hard." Atsuko said with a low, throaty groan and gripped the edges of the desk. With that Danger began banging away relentlessly at her cunt. With each plunge his balls swung forward and smacked against her sensitive clit. With each impact Atsuko felt as if an electric shock was emanating from between her legs and radiating throughout her body. Her grip on the desk tightened until her knuckles turned white. The sensations were increased from her hard nipples rubbing against the wooden top of the desk. A thin film of sweat started to form over her body as she neared orgasm. She felt her cunt muscles begin to clamp down on Danger's cock as it continued pistoning in and out of her box. As she braced herself for the coming orgasm, she felt Danger pull out. She immediately stood up and spun around, her eyes were wide with passion. Danger grabbed her by the waist and lifted her up onto the desk and laid her back on its top. He knelt down and looked at her pussy. It was still stretched to the exact size it had been when Danger pulled out. Her juices were seeping out and rolling down between her ass cheeks. He rolled her clit through his fingers as he gently blew against her sensitive pussy. Atsuko writhed in ecstasy on the desk; she wrapped her legs around Danger's head with her calves falling down his back.

Danger continued teasing her, bringing her close to the edge and then letting up. Sucking on her clit, blowing and licking her cunt, and then stopping; the pattern was driving Atsuko crazy as she longed for the intense orgasm to wash over. "Please, please," she began to beg softly. Danger decided she had been tormented enough and climbed up onto the desk with her. He knelt over her sweaty, naked form and reached back with his hand to guide his cock, still slick with her juices, into her aching cunt. As his head began sliding into her cunt, her eyes flew open and she wrapped her legs firmly around his waist. He established a feverish rhythm banging away at her cunt. And it didn't take long until it clamped down on his cock like a vice. He couldn't have pulled out again even if he wanted to. Her orgasm hit like a hurricane and she covered her mouth with her hands to prevent anyone else in the building from hearing her screams of orgasm. Danger's cock finally released a barrage of hot, thick cum inside her pussy. It filled her completely and started leaking out of her as her amazingly tight cunt milked the cum straight from Danger's balls.

When their orgasms passed, Danger climbed down off the desk. Atsuko remained there for a few moments. Her legs were still parted and slightly raised, her arms were spread to the side, and her chest was sweaty and heaving. After recovering for a few moments, she raised herself to a sitting position. "That was?" she started, but couldn't find the words to finish the sentence. "How would you like to have a bit of fun with my friend, Kaori. She's always been a bit shy around guys, but she's got a nice body and she's cute," Atsuko continued. "I'd love to see her impaled on a long, thick cock."

"Sure. Is that the one who came in with you?" Danger replied.

Atsuko answered, "Yeah, she just popped out to grab something to eat, but she should be back by now. I'll go get her." Atsuko quickly threw her shirt and skirt on and ran to the lab. After a few minutes he heard Atsuko returning so he unlocked the door. He heard her talking with Kaori in their own language and wondered what they were discussing. Kaori was the first one of the two into the room and as she turned to see who was inside she stopped in her tracks. She had always been a bit proper due to a strict upbringing and had put her education before everything else, which meant she had never paid much attention to the opposite sex. When she saw Danger sitting naked on the desk with his nine-inch cock sticking up from between his legs, she felt light-headed momentarily; she had never even seen a picture of a naked man. Her eyes were glued to the engorged purple head as Danger got off the desk and walked towards her. He stopped just inches from her and placed his hand under her chin tilting her head up towards his.

"Very nice," Danger commented, as he looked her over. She was a little shorter than Atsuko with longer dark hair, her breasts were small but appeared firm and her hips were slender.

"Just like I told you," replied Atsuko. With that a chill went down Kaori's spine as she suddenly realized what the two had in store for her. She turned to leave the office but was stopped in her tracks again as she saw her friend leaning naked against the locked door slowly rubbing her hand between her slightly parted legs. Atsuko could easily see the bewilderment in her friend's eyes and tried to reassure her. "Don't worry, K, you're going to love this."

"No, I..." the girl tried to respond, but the words caught in her throat as Atsuko walked towards her and began sliding Kaori's sweater down off her shoulders letting it fall to the floor.

"Oh, it's about time you were popped. Don't worry I won't let you get hurt," Atsuko replied before planting a kiss square on her friend's lips. Kaori felt a panic rise in her young body as Atsuko's tongue penetrated her lips and plunged into her mouth. When the kiss broke Atsuko began to unbutton Kaori's jeans. Kaori was about to protest, but realizing her situation, decided that it would only be in vain. She decided to go along with their plan and hopefully this would end soon. Atsuko finished removing her friend's jeans and placed a soft kiss on the girl's crotch sending a shiver through Kaori's body. She then turned her friend back towards Danger and Kaori's eye immediately went back to his prick. Atsuko grabbed the bottom of Kaori's T-shirt and pulled it over head leaving her in her white cotton bra and panties. Kaori was a mass of goose bumps as she feared to anticipate what was going to happen to her next. Danger then began exploring her mouth with his own tongue. In the exchange his large cock brushed against the girl's flat stomach, causing her jump backward into Atsuko's arms. Danger chuckled as he walked towards them.

"Go ahead, touch it," he encouraged her. Kaori hesitated until Atsuko took her hand and forced her to wrap her hand around the shaft. Danger cock twitched slightly in Kaori's hand causing the girl to start slightly, but she maintained her grasp. The rigidity and the heat of his massive member enraptured her. She instinctively began to stroke her hand up and down the hard shaft causing a drop of pre-cum to dribble down over her fingers. Atsuko giggled as she saw her friend begin to come around and she removed Kaori's bra revealing her small, firm breasts. Danger pinched one of her nipples sending a jolt through Kaori's body that caused her to jump.

"Time for your first lesson," Atsuko said as she knelt in front Danger and motioned for Kaori to follow suit. She did so and now Danger's cock was now right in the girl's face. She could smell the scent of Danger's manhood and she began to feel an unfamiliar, but pleasant, sensation between her legs. Atsuko took Danger's cock about the base and slid the whole nine-inch shaft into her mouth and bobbed her head up and down it a few times. Kaori was completely stunned at her friend's lewd behaviour. Atsuko then removed the large dick from her mouth and motioned for Kaori to try. The girl grabbed Danger about the base as Atsuko had done and began inserting him into her mouth. She found the taste pleasant, but had trouble fitting it all in. Atsuko told her she didn't have to deep throat as she had done so Kaori went down on only six or seven inches of Danger's cock. She gently sucked on the head and her tongue brushing against the bottom of the shaft was driving Danger crazy. As he looked down at this cute, little virgin giving her first blowjob her lost control and filled her small mouth with a load of cum. Kaori was caught completely by surprise and gagged on the load shooting from Danger's member. She had to spit most of it out, but did manage to swallow some of the hot cum. Atsuko laughed at her friend before cleaning Danger's cock and then licking the cum that had splattered on her friends firm tits. Danger then pulled Kaori to her feet and knelt down in front of her. He grabbed the waistband of her cotton panties and slowly pulled them down her legs. He nuzzled his face into her crotch and his tongue quickly found her growing clit with a shock that made Kaori jump right off the floor. Danger continued licking her clit and virgin pussy. Atsuko knelt behind her friend and began doing the same to her asshole along with her slit. Kaori was in heaven, she had never imagined anyone could experience sensations like the ones rippling through her virgin body.

After a few minutes Danger got up and had Kaori lay on the desk. He parted her legs and continued tonguing her slit and cunt. Atsuko climbed up on the desk and straddled her friends mid-section so she could work on Kaori's firm tits and their now rock hard nipples. A film of sweat started to form over Kaori's body as Danger's efforts between her legs was bringing her ever closer to her first orgasm. He knew her had to stretch her box quite a bit if he was going to properly deflower her, so Danger started to insert his fingers into the girl's unexplored cunt. Kaori's hips bucked as Danger slowly slid his index finger into her hot, virgin box. She ground her crotch up to meet his penetrating digits. He could feel his finger come up against her cherry. He inserted a second finger after his first was sliding in and out without resistance. The sight of Kaori's firm, young body lying naked on the desktop, her thighs parted and his finger ramming her pussy was too much for Danger; he had to pop this girl now.

He bent over and gave her sex a few playful licks before nestling the head of his cock between her tight lips. Kaori started wiggling her hips around trying to impale herself on Danger's shaft. Atsuko saw that her friend was about to be deflowered so she gave her a hard kiss and pinched both her nipples as a distraction. Danger then began to slide his cock into Kaori's nubile body. He felt some resistance as she hit her cherry, but it gave way easily with Kaori's hips bucking mildly. Kaori's head was spinning as she felt Danger's cock slowly plow through her virgin cunt. After a few strokes Danger had managed to cram his entire nine inches into the petite girl's body. This girl was unbelievably tight but he managed to establish a vigorous rhythm.

It didn't take very long before Kaori felt the heat build between her legs and start to radiate out from her crotch. She began wiggling her ass truing to get Danger's cock further into her body. With each thrust her rubbery clit was pressed against the base of Danger's cock sending an electric feeling right through her body and causing her hips to buck off the desk. Atsuko remained on her friend's stomachs riding out her movements and still working on her rock hard nipples. The combination of Atsuko's tongue on her nipples and Danger's throbbing cock in her box brought her to the brink. She instinctively wrapped her legs around Danger and dug her heels into his ass cheeks driving him deeper into her firm, young body. An orgasmic scream escaped her throat as her head thrashed from side to side. Danger felt her pussy clamp down on his cock and he had to struggle to pump his dick in and out of her box. He took a firm grip on her hips and managed to keep his rhythm, but the heat of her body soon brought him over the edge and he began pumping jets of hot sperm deep into Kaori's firm body.

Danger stayed inside Kaori until his member softened and shrunk enough so that he could remove it from Kaori's cunt. Her legs fell down off of Danger's ass and she lay on the desktop, her chest heaving. Atsuko continued stimulating her friends' naked body, licking her nipples, pinching her clit, and rubbing her sopped pussy. Kaori purred with delight in the aftermath of her first orgasm and at Atsuko's continuing ministrations. Danger dressed, kissed both girls deeply and left Atsuko with her new toy.

To Be Continued...