 Chapter 5: Gimme an 'F'

"Ashleigh!! Cheryl!! If you two don't start paying attention I'm throwing you off the squad!" the instructor shouted shattering the quiet atmosphere of the cheerleading practice. Danger had been visiting a friend at another university and the two had been sitting in the football field stands watching the practice. Having always been attracted to cheerleaders, Danger had remained behind even though his friend had left for class close to twenty minutes ago. He was particularly interested in Ashleigh and Cheryl, two girls who didn't seem to be all that concerned with the repeated warnings from their instructor.

Ashleigh and Cheryl were barely accepted into the university and probably just for their tuition money. They weren't serious students and the only reason they had gone to university was for the wild parties. Their dorm room had been the location of numerous drunken orgies. In fact the only reason the two freshmen had joined the cheerleading squad was to screw the players on the football team. Both had made more than one visit to the locker room after a victory, usually ending up naked on the floor of the showers with three cocks pounding into her.

Ashleigh was 18 with short brown hair, brown eyes, firm tits and a perfectly shaped ass to go with her slim hips. Cheryl was a year older with black hair, blue eyes, and had a similar build as Ashleigh. The girls had known each other since childhood and had a running competition in high school to see who could bed more of the school's athletes.

All the girls were wearing the standard cheerleading outfit, a tight white sweater with the school name across the front and a burgundy pleated mini skirt; however, Ashleigh and Cheryl had made a small alteration. Instead of the white bodysuit the other girls wore underneath their uniform, Ashleigh had opted just for black, silk panties, while Cheryl had nothing at all underneath her skirt. With each spin or kick, Danger was treated to an unobstructed view of this sexy coed's tight ass, pink lips, and neatly trimmed bush. The instructor hadn't noticed yet since the two girls were standing at the back of the formation, their lower bodies hidden from her view.

They had noticed Danger's interest and had started paying more attention to him than to the instructor. Finally she had all she was prepared to take and she stormed through the other girls to confront Ashleigh and Cheryl. "I've had enough of you two. You're off the squad." With that the two girls turned and started to leave. They hadn't gotten but a few feet when Cheryl spun around and lifted up the front of her skirt and mooned the instructor. Ashleigh quickly dropped her hand to Cheryl's crotch and began rubbing her friend's rubbery clit and managed to get a finger between her soft lips and into her hot pussy causing her buck and giggle slightly. After a few seconds the girls turned again and strolled off the field laughing leaving the instructor shocked and speechless. The two former cheerleaders walked directly over to Danger with just one thing in mind, getting him into bed. Cheryl perched herself on the short wall that separated the field from the bleachers giving danger a tantalizing view of the inside of her thighs but not her pussy underneath. Ashleigh sat down on the bleachers next to Danger and slowly and seductively crossed her toned, firm legs. As the conversation continued the girls became increasingly less subtle about what they wanted from Danger. Cheryl began crossing and uncrossing her legs giving Danger a perfect view of her box and the wet spot that was starting to form on top of the concrete wall. Ashleigh was now straddling the bench; her left hand was on the inside of Danger's thigh, her right hand between her own legs, and her face nuzzled into his neck. She began sliding her hand up and down his thigh and could feel his rock hard prick against the side of her hand. She looked into his eyes coyly and said, "Why don't you come up to our room for a drink?"

Danger stood up and offered his hand to her. She took it and pulled herself to her feet making sure to stick her thirty-one inch chest out so it would be noticed. She glanced wickedly at Cheryl and then the two girls led Danger out of the bleachers. They entered the girls' dorm and got onto the elevator. As soon as the doors closed Ashleigh threw her arms around his neck and jammed her tongue into his mouth, grinding her crotch into his and pinning back into the corner of the elevator. Breaking the kiss Ashleigh said to him, "We are going to fuck the shit out of you."

Danger looked over to Cheryl whose eyes were closed as she had her hand under her skirt fingering her pussy. "I think I can live with that," he responded and then grabbed the back of Ashleigh's panties and pulled them down her thighs and placed his hand between her legs as they resumed their kiss. When they reached their floor Ashleigh quickly stepped out of her panties and three coeds headed out of the elevator. Ashleigh and Cheryl lived in a two-bedroom apartment but both beds had been placed in one bedroom so when they were alone the girls could pleasure each other when no one else was around to do so. Ashleigh pulled her sweater off and released the catch on her bra before lying down on the bed. Danger was between her legs immediately, his tongue licking the entire length of her slit and lingering on her protruding clit on each pass. Ashleigh had finished removing her bra and was fondling her ample tits and pinching her large nipples. With each pass of his tongue Danger elicited a gasp or a moan from Ashleigh's lips.

Cheryl had completely stripped off and now sat naked on her desk. She had retrieved Ashleigh's panties from the floor of the elevator and was holding the silk garment up to her nose as she vigorously pumped two fingers into her warm pussy. The scent left by Ashleigh's cunt on her panties combined with the sight of Danger lapping away at her pussy was quickly driving Cheryl towards orgasm. She tossed the silk panties aside, jumped off the desk and went over to the dresser and pulled her ten-inch, ribbed vibrator. She turned on the large dildo and held it between her tits briefly before licking the end and sliding it down her body to her aching pussy. She rubbed the vibrator between her legs a few times just grazing her sensitive pussy lips. This made her crave an orgasm even more as she jumped back up on the desk and lifted her knees up by her ears and slowly slid the dildo into her wet pussy. It slid in as far as it could and she held there for a second enjoying the sensation before pumping in and out of herself, feeling the orgasm begin to take hold. As the orgasm continued gripping her body she closed her eyes and began pumping harder as thin film of sweat formed on her smooth, naked skin.

When the orgasm passed she opened her eyes to see Danger now standing beside the bed and pulling off his shirt. His jeans and boxers had already gone andi Ashleigh was sitting on the bed devouring his nine-inch cock. She had one hand wrapped around the base of his cock while the other played with his balls. Cheryl climbed down off the desk and positioned herself behind Ashleigh. She undid the catch of her skirt and tossed it aside and began massaging her cunt with vibrator. Ashleigh's mouth clamped down on Danger's cock and she began milking him at the sudden sensation of the dildo between her legs. Cheryl jammed the vibrator as far as she could into Ashleigh's box and left it there as she knelt on the floor and started licking Danger's balls. Within seconds Ashleigh had sucked a load of cum out of Danger's cock. She fell back on the bed and started pumping the dildo in and out of her cunt. Almost immediately Cheryl got to her hands and knees and Danger mounted her doggy style and began banging away at her box. With each thrust Danger's balls swung forward and smacked Cheryl's clit causing her to buck and gasp in ecstasy.

After experiencing her own orgasm with the vibrator, Ashleigh got on the floor and positioned herself underneath Cheryl and began fondling and sucking her tits. Cheryl's body was now slick with her own sweat. Danger grasped her hips firmly and began driving deep into her body finally exploding and shooting jets of cum into her pussy. Cheryl bolted up to her knees as she felt Danger's cum splatter on the walls of her pussy. He immediately grabbed her tits and began pinching her nipples while still pumping his cock in her until she came shortly afterwards. Cheryl climbed off of Danger's cock and allowed him to bend over Ashleigh and begin fondling her tits, rolling her left nipple in one had while sucking the right one between his lips. He positioned the head of his large member between her pussy lips and waited for her to spread her thighs before driving into her. Ashleigh's eyes and mouth shot open and her hands grabbed Danger's shoulders as his cock plowed into her cunt for the first time. Danger quickly set up a vigorous rhythm and within minutes both of them were on the verge of orgasm.

Cheryl was on the bed again with her dildo and a bottle of Baby Oil. The dildo was in her right hand pumping in and out of her box while she squirted the oil on the shaft of the dildo and her clit along with most of the rest of her naked body. After bringing each other to orgasm on the floor, Ashleigh and Danger climbed onto the bed to join Cheryl. Ashleigh took over the vibrator and continued its vigorous assault on Cheryl's box. Danger straddled Cheryl's hips and began working on her tits, which were now slick with Baby Oil. Danger's cock would smack against Cheryl's clit from time to time causing her back to arch.

"Fuck me!! Now!!" she gasped between moans of ecstasy. Ashleigh took the Baby Oil from Cheryl and squirted some on her hand and began stroking Danger's cock from behind before sticking it into Cheryl's oily pussy. He slid in easily and quickly set up a rhythm humping her wet pussy. Ashleigh began squirting herself with the Baby Oil and rubbing it into her tits and pussy. She then started squirting Cheryl and Danger as they fucked. Cheryl had her legs wrapped around Danger's waist as he pounded almost mercilessly into her already abused cunt. As he increased the rate at which he plowed into her cunt the oil caused his dick to pop out just as he was coming. His cum shot through the air and splattered on her oily stomach and breasts. Ashleigh quickly pounced on his hot cock as Cheryl immediately replaced his dick with the vibrator and brought herself to another screaming orgasm.

After Ashleigh finished cleaning Danger's cock the three collapsed in an oily heap on the girls' bed. Ashleigh continued lightly stroking Danger's cock as she spoke, "There's a football game tonight, isn't there Cher?"

"Yep," was her exhausted roommate's response.

Ashleigh giggled softly, "Yes!! Well I guess we should send this hunk on his way so we can save some energy for the locker room."

"Yeah, I guess. And the best team in the conference is coming to town so our boys will probably lose and need a lot of consoling," Cheryl said as she glanced wickedly at Ashleigh.

Danger could guess what the girls were referring to and he dragged himself off the bed and started getting dressed. "I'm not sure to what to say," he started. "Whether to wish your team good luck or not. But I'm sure you won't be too disappointed no matter what happens." Ashleigh walked him to the door and let him get another quick feel of her tight chest as he left the apartment.

"Now he is well hung!" she exclaimed as she returned to the bedroom where she found Cheryl sitting up reading a magazine.

"Oh yeah!" she agreed with her eyes wide.

Later on, as Cheryl predicted, the football team lost 27-24 on a game-winning field goal on the last play and the boys certainly needed consoling, and lots of it. Both girls spent over two hours on the floor of the shower room getting pounded in any hole the players could manage to stuff a cock into. Ashleigh preferred to have a guy on his back with his monster in her ass and then lay on her back on his stomach and have another guy between her legs pounding her cunt. While her mouth was stuffed with a cock from a guy kneeling at her head. 

Cheryl, on the other hand, was a true slut. She loved being on her hands and knees with a buy underneath her buried in her pussy while a guy kneeling behind filled her rectum. Then another lucky bastard would kneel in front of her so that she could deep throat him. Later on they performed a few sexual favours for the school's athletic director to discover the hotel where the other team was staying and launched a very successful expedition to fuck another football team that night.

"Who says blondes have more fun?" Ashleigh panted as she bounced up and down the huge cock of one of the best linebackers in the country.