 "If I can do this I'll score big time with Molly," Danger's friend Todd pleaded.

"I don't want strangers staying at my place," Danger replied. Todd's girlfriend, Molly, was trying to find billets for female swimmers visiting from around the globe for a big swim meet. Todd was trying to convince Danger to take in a couple of swimmers for a few days, but Danger, not knowing that the swimmers that would be coming would be female, was hesitant.

"I'll make sure you get a couple of hotties," Todd tried but was met with a puzzled expression from Danger. "You do know that this a female swim meet don't you?" Todd inquired hoping he may have broken through.

"Well that's different. Ahhhh, OK I'll do it, but only as long as there hot," Danger finally agreed. Todd smiled at him and left grinning from ear to ear. About a week later Danger received a letter in the mail thanking him for hosting two swimmers. There names were Tandra and Yelena Castiago from the the Bahamas. The letter included a schedule for the entire event including when the athletes would arrive and when they would be leaving. The swimmers Danger was hosting were only competing in one event and so would only be there a for a few days. The letter indicated that Tandra and Yelena would arrive in about two weeks. Fifteen days later Danger's doorbell rang. He turned off the television and made his way to the door and opened. Standing outside his door were two of the most beautiful girls alive.

"Hi, I'm Tandra Castiago. Are you Matthew Schrader?" the girl on the right inquired with just the hint of an accent. Danger paused for a second as he looked at her. She was about 5'9", moccha coloured skin, perfect complexion, brown eyes, and dark brown hair braided into loose pigtails. She was wearing a tight white tank top and cut-offs, her legs were perfectly toned and glimmered in the afternoon sun. There was a short lace-up section in the front of her tank top which displaying some of her impressive cleavage.

"Uh yeah, that's me," Danger started managing to break his gaze at her body just before she noticed. "You must be Yelena," he dais to the other goddess standing at his door.

Yelena was about an inch shorter than her sister and her skin was a shade lighter. Her wavy hair fell about her shoulders and while her tits weren't as big as Tandra's her figure was slimmer and looked very impressive hidden under the cotton summer dress she was wearing. Danger invited the two girls in and showed them to their room. It only had a double bed, but the two girls didn't mind sharing. Danger asked them they were hungry or wanted something to drink, but the girls were tired and wanted to take a nap. Danger turned to leave and as as he closed the door he caught a glimpse of Yelena pulling her dress over head revealing her smooth, light brown skin. She wasn't wearing a bra and just a pair of white cotton panties under the dress.

After a couple of hours the two girls came into the living room. Yelena had put her dress back on and the laces on Tandra's tank top were open revealing the inner curves of her tits. They were hungry so they all went out for pizza. Danger noticed all the attention the two gorgeous Caribbean girls were gathering from the other customers at the local pizza joint. After dinner Danger sat in the living room watching television. Tandra and Yelena would join him briefly and then go back to their room and then go to the kitchen or the bathroom. This would've have been so bad if they hadn't been wearing such skimpy clothing. Tandra was still wearing her unlaced tank top, but she had shed her cut-offs revealing her black cotton panties. Yelena had once again removed her dress and had replaced it with a long cotton tank top, but the bottom of the ass and crotch of her white panties were still visible below the hem of the shirt. Both girls were still getting adjusted to the cooler temperature as was evidenced by their nipples jutting out against their shirts, especially Tandra whose nipples threatened to break through her tight tank top. The combination of bare flesh, protruding nipples, and braless tits bouncing in tight garments was almost more than Danger could stand. Eventually the girls said good night and went to bed. Danger went to bed soon after, but it was hours until his dick was anything other than rock hard.

The next morning Danger had some errands to run. He left a note for Tandra and Yelena saying he would be back in time to show them where the pool they were to practice in that afternoon was located. Danger arrived back home at around 11:00. When he opened the door to his apartment the first thing he saw was Tandra's black panties just ten feet from door, directly in the path between the bathroom and the girls' bedroom. The bathroom fan was running and there were a couple of towels on the floor so obviously the girls had showered. Danger slumped slightly at missing them running around dressed only in towels. Then he heard an excited giggle from the girls' room and then he noticed another towel lying in the half open door way. he approached the girls door and peered inside and what he saw made his dock go rock hard.

One of the girls was kneeling at the foot of the bed with her face in the other's crotch. Her ass was in the air and her knees were apart giving Danger a glorious view of her cunt. Her pink pussy lips stood out against the brown skin of her legs and ass. The other girl's giggles quickly turned to moans as her cunt was penetrated by her sister's tongue. The girl on top then knelt up to brush her hair out of her face and Danger could see from her slim build that it was Yelena who was on top with Tandra getting serviced below. Before Yelena could resume her work on her cunt, Tandra sat up and wrapped her arms around Yelena's waist and began licking and sucking her sister's nipples and chest. Yelena reached down and fingered her own pussy with own hand and pinched Tandra's brown nipples with the other. After Yelena started moaning from her finger in her pussy, Tandra knelt up in front of her sister and the two shared a passionate kiss with their hands roaming each others bodies before Tandra tossed her sister back onto the bed in the position she had just been in. 

Yelena slowly bent her knees and spread her legs to expose her glistening, moist box to her sister's waiting mouth. Tandra brushed her long black hair behind her shoulders and slowly lowered her mouth to Yelena cunt. Her tongue started at her sister's clit, slowly circling and rolling it around causing Yelena's hips to buck involuntarily. Her tongue then slid down to her sister's moist, swollen lips. Tandra flicked her tongue back and forth over them a couple of times before jabbing into Yelena's sex. Tandra's tongue furiously worked in and out out of Yelena's cunt, circling inside of her covering the inside and outside of her sister's pussy.

Before long Yelena's hips her bucking wildly and she was moaning loudly as an orgasm gripped her body and she flooded Tandra with a gush of her pussy juices. Tandra kept working on her sister's sopped cunt until her orgasm subsided and she stopped bucking. Tandra then reached over to the nightstand beside the bed and picked up a dildo that Danger hadn't noticed. She kneeled back on her heels, parted her knees, and began teasing her clit with the tip of the dildo. When Yelena recovered from her orgasm she took the dildo from her sister and pushed her back down on the bed. She positioned her between Tandra's legs and took over teasing Tandra's clit. As Tandra became more excited Yelena plunged the dildo into her cunt. It easily slid all the way into her wet snatch. Yelena began pumping the dildo in and out of Tandra making sure to smack her protruding clit each time she pushed the dildo into her sister's naked body. Tandra's hips started to buck and her legs started to wave in the air as her orgasm approached. Yelena used one hand to fucker her sister with the dildo and the other to rub her sister's clit. This brought Tandra over the edge even faster and she came with her back arched and a loud scream.

The girls then noticed the time and had to get ready for practice as they expected Danger to be home around noon not realizing he had been watching them for almost an hour. Danger quickly retreated from the bedroom door to the door to the apartment. He waited a few seconds and then opened it and let it close so they would think he had just arrived. Seconds later Yelena came out of the bedroom wrapped in a towel.

"Oh hi, Danger. Just got out of the shower, Tandra getting dressed now. I guess it'll be time to leave soon," she said.

"We got about half an hour," Danger replied wishing he could tell her she didn't need the towel because he's already seen her naked, but he really couldn't tell her that he was spying on her and her sister's lez session. Then Tandra came out wearing another pair of cut-offs and a fairly tight T-shirt that accentuated the curves of her tits nicely.

The girls were ready after about half an hour. Yelena had changed into a pair of cut-offs and a tight tank top that showed off her cleavage and impressive chest. The trio set off for the pool where the the girls had been scheduled practice time. When they arrived Danger took a seat on the pool deck and the girls went to the change room. No one else was at the pool and Danger mind started wandering back to this morning and he started imagining the girls naked in the locker room in a repeat performance. His daydreaming was interrupted by the creaking of the locker room door across the pool opening. Yelena appeared in a one-piece swim suit in the colours of the Bahamas. The suit clung to the curves of her body and her tits strained against it, her nipples clearly trying to poke through the fabric. She dove into the pool and started doing laps just before the door opened again with Tandra coming out this time. Tandra looked amazing in her suit as it appeared to be a size too small causing it to be skin tight. It served as a push up bra putting her cleavage on display like food on a platter. She dove in the pool joining Yelena swimming laps.

After a few minutes another man entered the pool area. he was Caribbean in descent as well and the girls saw him they yelled, "Hi Coach!" so any mystery as to his identity was quickly dissipated. he was obviously staying somewhere separate from his swimmers. He took them through their normal workout which lasted about an hour and a half. They spent pretty much all that time in the water so Danger didn't get much chance to ogle the girls in their swimsuits. When they were done, he told the girls to cool down and stretch before he left. Danger watched intently as the two climbed out of the pool and walked back to the locker room, their swim suits sliding up into the cracks of their tight asses. He could just imagine how they were stretching and cooling down, buck naked between each others legs.

After a few minutes the door opened again and Yelena stepped out wearing a tiny, black, string bikini. The small top strained to contain her tits and just barely managed to cover the brown nipples on their front. The bottoms of her bikini had small spaghetti straps connecting the front and back over her hips. The patch of material covering her crotch didn't leave much to the imagination. As she dove into the pool Danger saw that the bikini was actually a thong as the back wasn't visible between her tight ass cheeks. She swam underwater for a few seconds before surfacing on the near side of the pool. Her bikini top was clinging to her breasts, her nipples clearly outlined against the small patches of black fabric covering them.

"We should've thought of telling you to bring your suit," Yelena said to him before they were distracted by the locker room door opening again. This time Tandra stepped out in a bikini even more stunning that Yelena's. "She always trying to out do me and show off more of her body," Yelena commented. "You should see all the guys she goes with back home." Tandra's dark blue bikini wasn't quite as skimpy as Yelena's, but the top laced up at the front displaying all of the curve of the inside of both tits. The bottom of the bikini was high cut over his hips and was also a thong. She dove into the pool and swam over beside her sister. "I was just saying to Danger that we should've reminded him to bring a suit," Yelena greeted her sister.

"Oh yeah," Tandra began, "Well we won't be that much longer anyway." The two girls pushed themselves away from the side of the pool and began swimming and splashing and carrying on. Danger ached to be in there with them bumping and rubbing against their almost naked, wet bodies. The two girls sort of huddled near the middle of the pool and seemed to be whispering to one another. Tandra stole a glance at Danger and started giggling while Yelena had a wicked smile on her face. When they separated Yelena swam to the far side of the pool, climbed out and went into the locker room. Tandra turned back on to Danger for a few seconds before going underwater and swimming over to him. When she came up he could see she completely untied the laces in the front of her bikini top so that it fell open proudly displaying her impressive tits with their hard brown nipples. She climbed out of the pool and took Danger's hand pulling him to his feet. She then led him around the pool towards the locker room telling him that she and Yelena had planned a surprise for him to thank him for billeting them. When they reached the door Tandra let Danger go in first and she followed.

As he went through the door he found Yelena's bikini lying on the floor. When he entered the main part of the locker room he found Yelena wrapped in a white towel sitting on a bench against the far wall. Her feet were up on the bench and her knees spread apart with her right hand rubbing her clit. Her head was back against the wall and her eyes were closed as she moaned softly. Tandra stopped Danger in the middle room and stepped in front. Shedding her bikini top she knelt in front of him and began undoing his pants. She pulled them and his boxers down to his ankles and took his nine-inch cock in her hand admiring the length and stiffness of his manhood. After slowly stroking his cock for a few moments she took him into her mouth. Danger felt a chill go up his spine as he felt her warm mouth envelop his cock. Yelena was still oblivious to the other two in the room as her right hand had moved from her clit to her moist pussy lips with her left hand taking over the stimulation of her rubbery clit. Tandra was jacking Danger's cock with her hand while teasing the head with her tongue. Just as Danger felt as though he was going to cum Tandra removed her hand and tongue form his dick, stood up and walked over to her sister. Yelena then realized that Tandra and Danger had came in. She looked at Danger who had finished removing his pants and boxers along with his shirt. Her eyes locked on to his hard prick. She stood up and slowly undid the knot holding the towel around her. It fell away from her body as she walked towards him, her own impressive tits bouncing slightly, her black bush was started to get wet form her excitement. When she reached him she knelt in front of him and gave the head of his cock a quick suck before lying down on her back and spreading her long, slender legs.

"Fuck me!" she said in a low, throaty voice. Danger knelt between her legs and rubbed the head of his cock along her wet slit until it slipped between her pink lips. Yelena's head fell back against against the floor and her eyes closed as Danger's cock penetrated deeper and deeper into her naked body. He started pumping in and out of her he glanced up at Tandra who had hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her bikini bottoms and was pulling them down her legs exposing her neatly trimmed bush. When they reached her knees she let them fall and then kicked them across the room. She then knelt over Yelena's head facing Danger. Yelena was quick to insert her tongue between her sister's legs and begin tickling her lips and clit. Tandra leaned forward and began fondling Yelena's tits and pinching her nipples. Danger was quickly approaching orgasm because of Tandra's work on his cock and when he felt Yelena's cunt squeeze his dick as she came a load of hot cum rose up from his ball and exploded into her body from the head of his cock.

When Danger pulled his cock out of Yelena it gave another jerk and shot a jet of cum that landed on Yelena's tits. Tandra gave a little squeal of delight as she spun around and kneeled over her sister's body to lick the hot cream form her tits. Tandra's ass was now sticking up in Danger's face so he dove in and jammed his tongue into her wet pussy.

"Put that fucking prick in me!" Tandra yelled back at him form between her sister's tits. Danger pulled himself up behind her and slowly slid his cock into her cunt. Tandra closed her eyes and squeezed on Yelena's nipples as Danger humped her doggy style. Yelena managed to get her hands down to her sopped pussy as her sister licked and squeezed her nipples. The three continued like this for a couple more minutes until Danger shot a load of cum into Tandra causing her to come and squeeze Yelena's nipples even harder which caused her to come and soak her hands with her own juices. When Danger pulled his cock out of her pussy, Tandra quickly got to her feet and ran over to the door leading to the showers.

"Shower anybody?" she called back before going in and turning on one of the showers. Yelena got up off the floor and ran to join her sister. Danger followed after them and when he reached the shower room he found to the two sisters locked in a passionate embrace under the running water. Their tongues were battling with other and their hands were all over each other's bodies. Danger took a bar of soap from the small shelf next to the faucets and soaped up his hands and began running over the girls' asses as they continued kissing. The two girls broke their embrace as Danger's hands worked their was between their legs and began rubbing their moist slits. Danger then turned his soapy hands to Tandra's luscious tits and began lathering them up as Yelena moved behind her sister and did the same to her crotch and ass. The combination of the hot water and the hands running over her most sensitive areas was making Tandra crave another orgasm. She walked up closer to the shower pipe and reached up and grabbed it with her hands. Her body was now completely stretched out as she had to be on her tip-toes to grab the pipe. her feet had also move apart spreading her legs and displaying her pussy mound from the back. Danger came up behind her, grabbed her hips, and began pushing his cock into her pussy again.

As Danger began humping her sister, Yelena kneeled between Tandra's legs and took Danger's balls in her mouth sucking them and flicking her tongue over them. Tandra was moaning, almost screaming, as Danger's cock pounded her from behind. Yelena was now fingering her clit as well with served to excite Tandra all the more. When she came her cunt muscles clamped down on Danger's cock hard enough that he had to stop fucking her and just ride it out. As her trembling stopped he resumed fucking her and within a minute he shot another load of hot cum into cunt. Satisfied Tandra let go of the pipe and left the shower room leaving Yelena and Danger alone. 

Danger lathered up his hands again and began rubbing them over Yelena's body paying special attention to her tits and crotch as expected. She ground her crotch into Danger's hand as he rubbed her pussy lips and massaged her clit with the base of his thumb. She reached down and grabbed his cock and gave it a few gentle strokes before turning her back to him and assuming the same position Tandra had been in a few moments earlier, on tip-toe grabbing the shower pipe. Danger inserted his long shaft into her cunt for the second time and began fucking her. His hand went to her tits that were bouncing and jiggling with each thrust of his cock into her wet, naked body. He began rolling and pinching her nipples, fondling and squeezing her tits until she was moaning loudly and on the brink of orgasm. He then moved his hands to her hips and increased the pace at which he fucked her box. Before long she screaming as and orgasm clenched her body. She lost her grip on the pipe and fell back into Danger's arms as he delivered another load of cum. The two then joined Tandra in the locker room where they all engaged in drying each other off. Once dry and dressed they left the pool and returned to Danger's apartment.
