 This is my first story ever and since English is not my mother tongue I start off by asking your pardon and understanding for eventual mistakes. I have read many stories in Literotica and found many of them good but also some that were less interesting and even boring. I have found that I appreciate the true or "could be true" stories much more than those who are obviously fiction or "lies". I am not trying to say what is right or wrong, but simply stating what I like. I guess I don't need to say that this story is true.

I met Mary-Anne some years ago via a friend of mine. We both had earlier relations but were free at the time we met. We both live in one of the bigger cities in Sweden. We fell in love and gradually developed a deep relation based on trust and respect for each other. I am not saying that we have never had problems. Of course there were times when we argued and quarrelled and even went different ways. But we always got back together.

Mary-Anne is a natural blond as many other Swedish girls. She has a sweet face on top of a gorgeous sexy body. Her breasts are firm and big enough, and her legs are slender, beautiful and extremely sexy. She was at this time 28 years of age and she turned heads wherever she went. I am an engineer and she works with healthcare.

Once in bed while making love Mary-Anne asked me about an earlier relation I had had and wanted to know if that girl was true to me. I hesitated but I did not want to lie so I told her - No, but I did not demand that from her either. - What do you mean, she said, did you accept that she had sex with other guys? – Yes, I did, I said, and it actually turned me on. 

She asked more about this and I answered her as truly as I could. After some thinking she said – then it is not fair if I cannot do the same. I was surprised and I did not know what to say at first. After some thinking I asked her if she was serious and if she really wanted to have sex with other men while we were together. – Well, yes I think it could be exciting if I meet someone that makes me feel hot. I agreed on certain conditions because I did not want us to seriously put our relation at risk. But at the same time I realised that it can never be totally safe. At this time we were not even engaged.

About a month passed and nothing happened concerning other men. We had a wonderful sex life and we were very much in love. Now and then we touched the subject of sex with other men and during these discussions I learnt that she could never accept the idea of me having sex with another girl. Consequently I never pushed that question. We then bought tickets for trip to the island of Rhodes in the Greek archipelago. A couple of days later we were on our way to Rhodes.

During the flight Mary-Anne told me about the last time she had been to this island together with her sister. This was before the two of us met. Mary-Anne had just broken up a long lasting relation with another Swedish guy and was still upset and felt let down. She and her sister had agreed to let loose and really have a good time, also regarding men and sex. They were of course successful as two beautiful girls should be and had a couple of adventures with some Greek guys. 

On their last night on the island Mary-Anne had a date with a guy and ended up in his house and in his bed. She told me that this was the best sex she had had in a long time. When they had finished their lovemaking and she had got her clothes on she went to the bed to give him a good-by kiss. The kiss got a bit too intensive and he pulled her down in the bed and soon he had her naked and spread her legs and pushed his cock into her sore pussy again. This delayed her more than planned, but she just could not resist. When they had both come again she had to quickly get dressed and rush to the hotel and just grab her bag and rush to the airport or she would have missed the plane. She also told me that her sister asked her about the night and she just said – it was OK. She was a bit ashamed and she did not want to give any details to her sister. She however told me that during that flight home she could feel the come from last night running out of her pussy and she was a bit sore from all the lovemaking. When I heard her say that I immediately got a hard on and I wanted to get to our hotel as soon as possible so I could fuck her. 

The weather was sunny and warm when we landed. When we got to the hotel I pulled her to the bed and soon I was between her spread legs fucking her intensively and it was as great as I had hoped. She was still wet and hot from remembering and telling me about her last visit to this island. I asked her again about that night while I made love to her and she whispered what she remembered into my ear. It was a heavy turn on for both of us and I climaxed too soon. - I owe you one, I said and she gave me a smile that could melt ice.

Later we went out to see the town and to get something to eat. After we had eaten we went along the beach hand in hand in the sunshine and just relaxed and enjoyed our first holyday together. Mary-Anne told me that she was getting turned on. - Why? I asked. - Because it tickles so nicely when the wind blows up my skirt, she said. - But do you always get hot when you feel the wind on your thighs, I asked. - No, only when I have no panties on and the wind moves my pussy hair, was her simple reply. - Imagine if the wind al of a sudden would lift my skirt and show my ass and pussy to all the men around us. This was her way to tell me she had no panties on and I thought this was a hot start of our holyday and I wondered what could develop from here. 

We discussed what to do in the evening and Mary-Anne suggested a nightclub where she had been with her sister. This was what I wanted and I realised that this could be the start of something thrilling but dangerous. I was too turned on thou to try to stop it and I happily agreed. We went back to the hotel and talked about what could happen in the nightclub if someone made a pass at her and how we felt about the whole thing. I would be lying if I told you I never had second thoughts and fears about this. But it was also very thrilling and it gave me an almost permanent hard on.

Later that night we sat at a nice table in the nightclub called "Minuit". The music was loud but good and the lights were low. We had started with a few drinks and I could see and hear that Mary-Anne was a little tipsy. Not drunk but enough to throw the caution and guilt aside and just allow herself to be happy and enjoy the moment. I asked her to dance and we went onto the crowded dance floor. I am not a bad dancer and she followed me easily. I felt her warm smooth body through her light clothes and I knew that I loved her very much. 

After a couple of dances we sat down again and I went to the bar for some drinks. I could have ordered at the table but I also realised that my presence at the table scared other men away. When I got our drinks and turned around I saw that Mary-Anne had been asked to dance and was just walking away from our table together with a dark haired man. I went back to the table with our drinks and put them down. Then I went away from the table in order not to disturb or interfere. Inside I was very upset and I had to force myself not to stop this guy from dancing with my darling. 

They danced a couple of dances and then she returned to our table and I went back and sat down with her. She told me it was nice to dance with the guy and asked me if it was OK with me. - Yes absolutely, I forced myself to say. – If you want to dance with other guys I don't mind I said. - How about if I sneak outside with one of them she said with a nasty smile. - That's also OK and I will not give you a hard time about that as long as you stick to the rules we agreed on and tell me all about it. Do you want me to leave you alone at the table for some time? – Why not, she said, that will open up if there are any interested men here. I never doubted that there were lots of men who would like to get very close to this lovely woman. She was probably the best looking girl in the nightclub this evening.

She did not sit for many seconds before she was asked to dance again. I went outside to get some fresh air. Outside the air was fresh but warm and when I stood close to the building with no lights disturbing my view I could see the stars in the skies above. I thought about what was going on and wondered if maybe I was mad. After a couple of minutes I went in again and asked a dark haired girl to dance. Mary-Anne was on the dance floor with some guy and she smiled in our direction. 

A couple of dances later we met at our table and sipped our drinks. - Are you enjoying this? I asked. - Yes very much so and how about you? - I'm all right but tell me now what are you up to? – I have found a guy that seems interesting and I know that he is interested in me. I could feel my heart almost stop but I also felt my member react again. – Who is he? I asked. It's the drummer in the band she said with a smile and I tried to look at him without staring. I saw a handsome young man with black hair and a big smile playing his drums. – I saw him looking and flirting while I danced with another guy and then he came up to me and talked when they had their break. He offered me a drink and asked me to wait for him outside the club when they close. 

So this is it, I thought. I have to make up my mind now if I want to stop this. I forced myself to stay calm and I said – they will be closing in half an hour maybe I should go to our hotel and wait for you there. Mary-Anne was silent for a moment. Then she said – I love you and I will not do this unless you want me to and are sure that you can handle it. This was probably the best thing she could have said and all of a sudden I felt much better. I was also extremely turned on and wanted her with me in bed as soon as possible. We finished off my checking that she had her key to our hotel room and money if she needed to take a cab. I then quickly kissed her on the cheek and left.

I went straight back to the hotel and I went with a very strange feeling inside. What the hell was I doing??? I must be mad. How could I do this to myself and to her??? Maybe I had done something that I would regret for the rest of my life. My head was full of thoughts and doubts, but I was strangely enough turned on to a degree that was almost painful.

I reached the hotel and went straight to our room. The hotel was very silent and everything was closed anyway at this late hour. What could I do? I tried to watch TV but there was nothing of interest. I tried to read, but I could not concentrate. I finally undressed and went to bed. I was hoping I could fall asleep because then the time would pass quickly until my darling would return. I turned in the bed and tried to relax. It was not easy with all these thoughts rushing through my head but after a long time I must have fallen asleep. 

I woke up when I heard there was someone at the door. For some reason I did not want to show how anxious and eager I was so I pretended to be asleep when Mary-Anne came into our room and stopped by the bed. She put her hand on my arm and I looked up and gave her a smile. – Hi darling, so you are back. Are you OK? – Yes I'm fine but I have been a very bad girl. My hard on was back again and I wanted to know all about her adventure that night. I looked at my watch and realised that she had been away for almost four hours. 

I sat up on the bed and helped her undress. I think we were both eager and maybe a bit afraid of what we had done. - How did you get back here? I asked. - He drove me in his car. He was a real gentleman, she giggled. –So you have been in bed with the drummer, I stated. – No, I ended up with another man, or rather two, she said. I lost my breath. What did she say? What did she mean? – Let me tell you from the beginning. And this is what she told me while I undressed her and started to examine her body carefully and gently.

- I waited for the drummer when he got out from the club as we had agreed. But he saw immediately that he had a flat tyre and he needed to borrow a jack to change the wheel. While he was running around asking his friends for a jack I got frustrated and lost interest. So when one of the other guys from the dance floor came up to me and asked what I was waiting for I explained and said that I just wanted to get to my hotel. He said he could take me in his car if I wanted and I accepted immediately because he seemed to be cute.

We drove away and he asked me if I had seen the view over the town at night. I told him - no and he drove up on a high spot where we had a nice view over the town and the harbour. He put his arm over my shoulder and soon he kissed me softly. I did not mind and I just let it all happen. It was nice and when he started to feel my tits I did not object either. He took this as green light and I could soon feel his hand moving up along my leg under my skirt. I am not too fond of making love in a small car as you know so I asked him if we could go somewhere more comfortable. He said we could go to a flat where he lived with his big brother. We would however have to be quite because he did not want to wake up his brother. 

We soon came to a house that was under reconstruction and went in and upstairs. I followed him upstairs in the relative darkness and we sneaked into his room. He turned on a small lamp by the bed and reminded me that we had to keep our voices down. He pulled me down on the bed and continued where he had stopped in the car. He opened up my blouse and felt my breasts with both hands and started to suck my nipples. I just let him continue. I liked what he did and could feel that my pussy was getting wet. He slid down and kissed my knees and legs upwards until he reached my panties. I still did nothing and he took that as my acceptance. 

He gently and slowly let his hands and fingers explore my panties and he soon pulled them down. I let my panties hang on my left foot and spread my legs just a little to give him better access. He now began to kiss and lick the area around my pussy very gently. You know how much I like that. I was very, very wet by now and I felt a bit ashamed of it. He had not really put his tongue or finger inside my pussy yet so I don't think he was aware how wet and horny I was. He moved in between my legs but still with his face just above my pussy.

I longed for his tongue and he started by licking me along my legs and in my pubic hair and on my outer lips. I wanted more and when he had his tongue right on top of my clitoris I lifted my pussy to meet his face and I felt his tongue slip into my wet, wet slit and I heard him moan loudly. His English was even more limited than mine but I could here him say "catastrophy". He soon explained to me that he had come in his pants and had to wait a moment before he could continue.

While Mary-Anne told her story I held her and explored her whole body. Her tits had definitely been worked on and sucked. That was just too obvious. Her panties were soaked with a something that smelled of sex and I realised that it must be her own juices mixed with come from at least one man. Her panties were slippery inside and so was her pussy. I could not hold back longer and after a careful investigation of her freshly fucked pussy I put my own hard cock by the entrance and pushed slowly, slowly. It was heavenly. I slid slowly, slowly deeper and deeper into her and there was not much resistance. She was already opened up and well lubricated. Her pussy is normally very tight and it still was not big but a little less tight than normal. She was however much wetter than I had ever experienced her and I just loved it. If this was how it felt having "sloppy seconds" in my girlfriend then I knew I wanted it again.

Mary-Anne continued her story while I fucked her slowly. She moved in a way that made me understand that I was not the only one close to orgasm. The young guy had recovered quickly and moved up along her body and pushed her legs further apart. He aimed his growing cock towards her opening and pushed it in. She liked very much the feeling when his cock went in and out of her wet pussy. This guy was obviously not very experienced because he quickly increased his pace and soon again climaxed but this time inside her pussy. It was nice to feel him ejaculate inside her but she had no chance to climax herself and she felt a little let down. 

After the guy caught his breath again she worked the muscles in her pussy to get him up again. There was no immediate response thou and she was getting a bit annoyed. She was still hot and wanted a good fuck. She then asked him if he could not go and get his big brother. No, that was not possible, but he asked her to wait for a moment while he put on his jeans and disappeared out onto the balcony. She just lay there still naked and wondered what she had gotten herself into. The guy came back within a few minutes and asked her to join him. She quickly slipped into her panties and blouse and followed him out onto the balcony. It was a little scary because there was still no fence to protect them from falling down but they were on the first floor only and he held her hand and pulled her with him to the next flat. 

They entered into a room that was still dark. He pulled her to what appeared to be a bed in the dark room and pushed her gently down. She sat on the bed and heard him speak to someone in Greek. Her eyes slowly adjusted to the little light that was beaming in from the outdoor lamps. She could now see that there was another young man in the bed. The first guy quickly introduced her to his friend in bed. Then the guy who had just pumped his semen inside her pussy left and said he would soon be back. 

It was a strange situation and she wondered if she had gone too far. The guy in bed took her by the hand and pulled her gently into bed with him. Again she let it happen and he soon felt his hands wander all over her body. Within a minute he had her panties off again and fingered her. Within another minute he was between her legs with his cock buried in her eager pussy and she could at last enjoy the feeling of a hard cock inside her again. He kept a high pace and she loved it. She felt that maybe this time she would be allowed to climax herself. She lifted up her legs and met him with her tight wet pussy. This was however too much also for this guy and he came inside her violently. 

They lay there for a moment and she was again annoyed because none of these guys did last long enough for her to have a chance. Suddenly the first guy was in the room again and he immediately started to run his hands over her body under the sheet. When he found her bare pussy he asked what happened to her panties. Mary-Anne made a sign towards his friend and said – he took them off. The guys began to talk to each other in Greek and she could not understand one word. She soon enough understood what they had talked about because they now started to take turns fucking her, one at a time. As soon as one guy was getting close to climax he left his place to his friend who willingly took over. They continued like this until Mary-Anne could not hold back any longer but came in a wonderful orgasm. Both guys now allowed themselves to come and they both, one by one emptied what they still had deep inside her pussy. She just lay there with her legs open and received what they deposited into her.

After that she said it was time for her to go and asked to be taken to the hotel. The guy kept his promise and drove her to our hotel. When she was about to leave the car he gave her a kiss and asked - can I see you again? - where are you going now? She smiled at him and said calmly – No, I am going up to my boyfriend now. 

I made love to Mary-Anne that night until I was totally exhausted and fell asleep. She had given me a turn on that I had never thought possible. During this night I was at many times jealous to the point of bursting but strangely enough I had never been so turned on and I felt that my love for Mary-Anne grew to something that I find difficult to describe with words. I was very careful also not to blame or accuse her in any way because of what she had done. 
