 Continuation of Bachelor Party: Dreams Come True. You must read both of those for this one to make sense.

After his frolic with Dani and Jen, Michael is completely spent. He falls asleep and the two lovers leave him in the bedroom. They want him to get all the rest he can as they have another surprise awaiting their stud. Unbeknownst to Michael, Dani has been planning his seduction and introduction to her group of friends for a while. In about 2 hours, she will awaken him to pleasures he has only dreamed of. 

As the last of the guests arrive, Dani is dripping with anticipation. She has invited three more girls and two more guys to help in her fulfillment of Michael's dreams. Shannon is 5'10" of italian beauty and an ex of Michael's whom Dani seduced the very next night after meeting her at a party with him. They have been lovers for months behind his back. Gwen, also an ex of Michael, is unaware of who they are initiating tonight. Their break-up was not amiable to say the least. Lastly, Julie, Michael's favorite bartender, who is the newest member of the group. She has always admired Michael, but thought he'd never want to be involved with her as she is a known "wild child". 

As for the guys, Matt is a friend of Michael's. Matt has always hidden his bisexuality from most. Only a select few know of his desires. He hopes that his friend will enjoy and understand. Jeremy is the last, but not least to join the party. At 5'5" and weighing only 160#, no one would ever guess that he carries around 11 inches of cock that is thicker than his forearm. He has met Michael at a few parties, but never thought he would see him in the group.

Now that everyone has arrived, it's time for Dani and Jen to go wake up the guest of honor. They find him in the same position in which they left him. They both begin to lick his cock and balls and he awakens almost immediately. Dani tells him that they have a surprise for him, but he must do exactly as they say or no deal. With Jen's manipulation of his cock, how was he to disagree? They lead him to the shower and quickly wash him and then tell him that he will be blindfolded for the evening. He worries about this, but knows that there is no turning back now. He is too far gone with anticipation.

They put the blindfold on him and lead to the den. He hears several gasps as he enters the room. No one is talking, but he knows there are quite a few people in the room. Gwen looks at Dani and mouths that she is leaving, not wanting to be in the same room as Michael, let alone having sex with him again. Dani immediately pulls her into another room and convinces her to stay. If she doesn't want to participate, that's fine, but Dani knows that she could never get enough of Michael's cock.

Michael's senses are running wide open as he is trying to determine how many people are in the room and who they are. His cock, once hard, has wilted with worry. Seeing this, Jen tells him to relax, that no one is going to hurt him and they will stop at any time he tells them.

Dani tells Michael that he will be the center of attention for the evening and that he can do whatever to whomever he wants but can only remove the blindfold after all seven have been made to come in one way or the other. Dani points to Shannon to let her know that she is first.

Shannon is delighted. She walks up to Michael and grabs his hands. After placing them on her ass, she kisses him forcefully while fondling his cock and balls. Michael's hands roam over her body. The rounded ass, the small but perfect breasts; who is this?, he asks himself. Shannon leads him to lie back on the carpet. She then straddles his head and grinds her shaved pussy onto his face. Michael responds with his tongue, lapping at the tasty cunt on top of him.

Meanwhile everyone else in the room has gathered around the two. Matt gets between Michaels thighs and begins to tongue his balls and stroke his cock. Michael realizes that another man is now in the mix, but doesn't care. He has had many fantasies about what it would be like to suck another's cock. He moans as Matt takes his cock deep into his throat. 

Shannon comes loudly, thrashing about and calling his name. Michael has an idea of who it is but cannot believe that Shannon would be in Dani's group. All the while, Dani and Jen have been double teaming Gwen. They have brought her to verge of orgasm countless times until she is ready to explode. They lead her over to Michael's prone form and move Matt out of the way. They motion for Gwen to impale herself on Michael's cock. Crazy with lust, she dives onto him, remembering how many times that cock has satisfied her in the past. She rides it for all she is worth, screaming and grunting with her animal lust.

Meanwhile, Matt has moved up to Michaels head. Everyone watches in anticipation to see what Michael will do. Matt begins to rub his cock over his lips and cheeks. Just as Dani suspected, Michael raises his head and takes the tip of Matt's cock into his mouth. 

Michael is on cloud nine. He almost has forgotten the woman riding his dick as his fantasy of cocksucking is being fulfilled. He wants nothing more than to fill this cock shooting down his throat. He wants to do a good job of cocksucking so that whoever this belongs to will come back for more. He is just thankful that the cock is not too big. It is about seven inches he guesses, but not very thick. 

After, Gwen comes down from her euphoria, she and Jen pick up where they left off earlier. This leaves Michael's cock open. Seizing the opportunity, Matt spins himself around so that he can return the favor, wanting to repay Michael for the fantastic blowjob he is receiving. Both men go over the almost immediately....

More to come...., hope you like