 Thanks for the feedback. Keep it coming. Any of you readers near Memphis, please drop me a line.

You must first read Dani's Den to understand.

After having his first bisexual experience, Michael is worn out. Sensing this, Dani crawls over to him and snuggles up to him, telling him to take a break and enjoy the sounds of others.

Michael is now sure that he bisexual. All of the years of fantasizing about sucking a cock did not prepare him for the ecstasy that it gave him. He knows that he is forever hooked on the power and pleasure he felt as the mystery cock throbbed deeply in his throat.

As Michael and Dani lie on the floor, he hears the sound of a couple wildly fucking on the couch. The girl, Jen, is screaming loud, inaudible syllables as she is being filled with cock. Jeremy is driving all of his eleven inches into her at a furious pace. Michael recognizes Jen's voice and wonders who is giving it to her. He knows that it can't be the cock he just drained so there must be another man present.

Dani is lightly stroking his cock while kissing and nibbling on his chest and abs. Michael gently explores her body with his fingertips, marvelling at the way his senses are enlightened while blindfolded. He plays with her hard nipples, rolling them between his fingers. Dani has a soft, but luxurious orgasm from his touches. 

Meanwhile, Shannon and Gwen are locked in a 69, lapping at each other. Shannon has two fingers buried in Gwen's cunt as she nibbles on the blonde's clit. Gwen is probing Shannon's cunt with her long tongue, trying to swallow all of the copious fluids emanating from the woman's fiery depths. 

As Matt watches the two women, he strokes his now ready cock and lubricates it with the precum before he presents it to Shannon's back door as Gwen continues driving her tongue as far into her cunt as she can. Slowly, he slips in, inch by inch, causing Shannon to scream for him to fuck her ass hard. She thrusts her ass at him, begging for more. Gwen is holding on for dear life as Shannon thashes about and brings her closer to orgasm.

Michael immediately knows that his suspicions were correct. The voice is unmistakable. That was Shannon's cunt on his face earlier. What was she doing here? She was now dating and engaged to one of his best friends. Had that been the cock he was sucking a few moments ago? His mind was racing as his attention is suddenly turned back to the couch. 

Jen is now telling her lover that she needs a rest and tells him to join Dani and Michael. Upon hearing this, Michael fears that he is about to be fucked in the ass. Although he loved cocksucking, he is not too keen on having his ass reamed. He immediately tells the unknown man, Jeremy, to let him taste his cock with Jen's juices all over it.

Jeremy struts over, wanting to see the shock on Michael's face when he finds out how hung he is. He places his cock at Michael's lips. Michael immediately begins licking the head and reaches to stroke the shaft. Upon feeling the thickness and then the length, he exclaims, "oh my God!!!!". Dani tells him to relax and that she will help. She directs him to one side and she takes the other. This cock is as big as his wrist and the head feels like it's the size of a woman's fist. The veins are so thick and long. Michael knows that he has never seen a cock this magnificent before. He wonders if he will be able to give it the pleasure it so deserves. He shares this monster cock with her as his mind is once again taken over by the euphoria of pure animal lust that permeates his being. 

Dani tells him that this cock is the last hurdle he will face. If he swallows the cum from this cock, the blindfold will be removed and he will be a full-fledged member of Dan's Den. No one outside of this room is to know of what happened this day or any to come. As long as he keeps that one rule, he is a lifetime member. She asks the other members to vote on his acceptance. All respond aye, even Gwen, who was reluctant but knows that Michael will never tell her husband or family about this secret.

Michael is determined to take this monster all the way down his throat. He pushes Dani downward to his own cock as he positions himself to attempt to swallow this mammoth cock. Dani slurps on Michael's member and watches in amazement, along with everyone else, as he takes more than 3/4 of it into his throat. Michael is desperately trying to get the last few inches into his mouth as he swirls his tongue around the shaft and bobs his head ever faster. He feels the come welling up in his own balls and he wants to taste this man's seed as Dani drinks his own.

Just as he closes his lips around the last inch of cock, Michael erupts into Dani's hungry mouth. At the same instant, he grabs Jeremy's balls, bringing him over the edge. He feels the hot blasts in his esophagus as Jeremy grabs his head and calls his name.

Up next: The unveiling....