 "What a wonderful night..." I say to you, "Why don't we go have a drink?"

As usual, these are my famous last words. I end up all tipsy, sitting precariously on a bar stool next to you. You're afraid I'm going to fall off the stool, so you leave a hand protectively at my lower back. I'm all dressed up for the occasion, wearing a short gray and black plaid skirt, pleated, rather school girlish, a button down short sleeved white blouse with most of the top buttons unbuttoned, white thigh high stockings that you absolutely love, and black maryjanes. My wavy red hair is down, getting all over the place. I reach up and fingercomb it into two pigtails, tying them with hair bands, making some stupid joke about wanting to look the part. A bad little girl. 

I'm all giggly, been drinking all kinds of martinis... lemon drops, cosmos, appletinis. We've just been sitting there, talking, laughing. Listening to the music, watching the bartender. I love watching him mix drinks. You whisper into my ear about what you want to do to me when we get home and I start to squirm, getting wet, my imagination running away with me. You lay a hand at the top of my thigh, thumb playing inside the band of my stockings and I sigh. Smile at you. 

I'm not THAT drunk, just carried away in the moment, having fun. Tipsy and giggly and happy. Horny. Just as I'm about to tell you to take me home NOW, a young woman sits down on the other side of you. She's pretty, young, maybe 23, short dark brown hair, chin length, bangs. Nice sized tits, not huge, about a C cup. She has big, warm brown eyes and a sweet smile. She's a few inches shorter than me. I sit in my semi-drunk stupor and stare at her. She's wearing a black shirt with a square neckline, fitted to her, and a short black skirt, a little loose, flirty. Ruffled. Black sandals. The bartender cards her and she rolls her eyes a little, grins, reaches for her wallet. 

I smile at her, "I know what that's like," I say.

She smiles back, across you between us. "I always get carded," She says.

"Me too." I smile at you, then at her, and you turn to look at her. She smiles at us both, a little shy. Gets her drink, takes a sip.

We start sharing our conversation with her. She's sweet and cute and I can tell you like her too. She has these pretty earrings, I compliment her on them. A few drinks later and we're all laughing together. I'm starting to feel more than just tipsy, and I think you are too. You've scooted your stool back a foot and the three of us are sitting near, cozy. Friendly, familiar. She's a lightweight, two drinks and she's laughing uncontrollably, all flushed in the face. I wonder if I look the same way? You ask her name and we laugh like schoolgirls, for no apparent reason. 

"Zoe," she says. 

"I love that name," I say, a little wistfully, and you look at me. You know that tone of voice. Cute and shy, a little girl. You grin. 

"I need to use the little girl's room," I murmur. I stand up, expecting to be dizzy, but not. I begin to walk towards the back of the bar when an arm is slipped in mine. It's Zoe. 

"I'm coming with you," she says loudly over the music. We walk through the crowd towards the restrooms. I turn away from her for a moment and look over my shoulder, spot you following at a distance. Maybe he has to use the restroom too, I think. 

We enter a dark hallway. It's empty. I'm unfamiliar with this bar and had just headed to the spot I would have expected there be a bathroom, but now I'm not so sure. 

"I think I'm lost," I say to Zoe, stopping. I turn to her and she looks at me, smiling shyly.

"That's okay," she says, "I didn't really have to go."

"Me neither." I smile at her. She takes a step closer to me. I think in my head, take a step back, but my body doesn't listen. She looks at me, hesitant, then takes another step forward. Her arm brushes mine. I giggle out of anticipation and she giggles back, leans in, and kisses me softly on the lips. 

I shouldn't be surprised, but I am. I haven't kissed a girl since high school and the feeling is incredible. Soft, warm, wet. Much more vulnerable than a man. We're not really touching, just kissing in the dark, and I close my eyes, lost in the moment. I feel you walk up behind me, press into me. You're growing hard, watching us, and I can feel you against my ass. I whimper one of my little whimpers, and you wrap your arms around my waist, rub my tummy. You slide a hand up to my breast, slipping your fingers between her breast and mine, pressed together. Give it a gentle squeeze. I moan into her lips and open my eyes a little, see her open eyes, staring over my shoulder at you. Watching you as she's kissing me. A little shiver runs up my spine. 

************************************************

You, my little girl, are so much tipsier than you think you are, you're so cute when you are in these moods. I Love you beyond words. But I've never seen you so wantonly hit on another woman before. I knew you'd kissed some girls in high school but tonight, my god - you were this little cat in heat. Zoe didn't help matters, these two little vixens, and this little Zoe was eyeing me too. Heaven. I could not have imagined what the night had in store. It had to have been my little girl's outfit, you were so fucking hot I could NOT keep my hands off of you, and I think as I got tipsy as well I was less and less restrained.

When you wore those stockings, my lust was uncontrollable. God I loved your stockings. You had whole drawers - I called it your torture drawer. All I had to do was look at you and I was on the verge of cumming. I just loved to reach up your dress when you wore your stockings and feel the line where they stopped at your skin, and just tease along that line... Mmmmmmmmmmm. Exquisite. 

As we left the apartment I had stopped you, 'inspected' you and, ah ah ah, had confiscated your panties before we left. You complained a little as I lifted your plaid little skirt and slid them down your thighs, "It's cold!" You whined as we walked out the door, pouting but smiling too. They were in my pocket now. 

I was laying my hand at your thigh, just inches from your pussy, tippling my fingers there, reaching my fingers into your stockings. I knew how that made you crazy. I could feel the heat of your pussy, I swear I could feel a little cum as I slid my finger perilously close to your cunt, but that could wait. You were bleeding your lust in all directions as I stroked you there. 

Zoe had definitely noticed my hand 'playing' up my little girls dress, and I know she wondered what exactly I was doing. How far was I reaching? Her eyes kept tracing the bulge of my hand that moved around beneath your skirt. The mystery of my little girl - what is she hiding down there? 

As you were laughing at who knows what and leaning warm against me, Zoe caught my eye and as I leaned back for her she touched my cheek with hers and placed her warm lips right by my ear, whispering "Mind if I share." She looked at me just then, she had those kind of eyes that had a little white just below her brown, sultry, and just then hungry; a nervous smile - eyeing me and then at you. I controlled my little girl's destiny tonight. 

I shook my head, whispered, "Go for it." Thinking, this could be interesting.

Not a minute later after you excused yourself with, "I need to use the little girls room," off went Zoe. 

"I'm coming with you" she drolled, and then smiled at me. My heart began to pound in my chest. God we were all drunk. There you were, my little girl, weaving your way to the restroom, you were drunk off your ass. Zoe weaving behind you - I just had to see.

And when I turned the corner, there you and Zoe were! Already in this lovely little embrace, kissing open mouthed with one another. Touching your lips, tentative, soft. So delicate. Different than me. You were two little birds, leaning against each other, small by the side of the bathroom door, holding one another up. You both had on these little skirts. You looked like this little schoolgirl, I could hardly look at you without becoming rock hard, your little pig tails, your beautiful big eyes, your cheeks all flushed and your red mouth, so red when you got aroused. You were so aroused, squeezing your thighs together, you were creaming herself, I could tell, playing with Zoe's hair as you kissed. 

Zoe had this little shirt on, some kind of tight fabric that pulled around her. She was wearing even LESS than you, my little girl. But she had on those sandals, such a thin waist, a plunging neckline on her little black top; such dark hair falling straight around her shoulders - shiny. I had too little brunette pussies right there. 

And I sidled up behind you. You started when I touched you, and then glancing back you saw me, smiled. Stopped the kiss a moment. Your beautiful smile, your love for me in your eyes, and then kissing Zoe again. I whispered, "Mind if I join in?" No answer. I don't think either of you even heard me. So I just stroked you, softly running my hand over your shoulders, down your back, and just to let you know what you were doing to me - pressed my cock into your ass, let it lay right up the line of your bare ass beneath that skirt. God I knew you were wet, I could just about hear your juices squishing inside you as I pressed myself to you, pulling your hips back against me. You gave me a long stroke along my length - You knew.

And then I began to paint a little outside the lines, letting my hands wander along my little girls arms and then along the soft white arms of Zoe. She looked right at me, smiled as she kissed you, caught my eye. Gave me a little wink - a go ahead kind of look. 

So I began to caress the two of you, letting my hand wander over you and onto Zoe, back again, and I began to squeeze your perfect breasts - god I loved your breasts, as you two girls were pressed together. You were smaller, perfect, just the size I LOVE, your little nipples were nice and tight - pressed right against Zoe's breasts - who was quite a bit bigger than you. 

As I stroked you the back of my hand was caressing Zoe's breasts. I could hear you both whimper as I squeezed and played with them, while with my other hand I began to rub Zoe's back, setting my hand right at the low of her back, tipped my fingers up under her top, feeling the bare skin. She had nothing on under her blouse either. Luscious.

I simply had to. Zoe had such a fantastic little skirt on, so short. I wanted to know what she had on beneath. I knew your pussy was bare, creaming wet, if I touched you I would be fucking you right there in the hall, but what about Zoe? I shifted so I was right at her ass and reached my hand lifting her skirt, and touched her ass, her bare ass. Zoe felt me, and tipped her ass right into my hand. No panties! However, as I stroked her I felt a line of panties, ohhhhh, she had on this little thong, just a little line of fabric around her waist and a line down the crack of her ass. 

I traced the fabric, first following it down the line of her ass. I heard her moan and tip her ass back, and cupped her pussy briefly with my hand, felt her spread open her legs. Her panties were soaked, so hot. I drew my hand back up the line, and without thinking grasped them at her waist, began to tug them lower. Habit I guess with my little girl. I remember thinking - this won't do...

As Zoe felt her panties being pulled lower, she began moving herself away, just slightly, away from me, but you were holding her. Good little girl, I thought. I was determined and I held on, could feel her squeezing her thighs together - sort of to hold her panties on, but I tugged and tugged them down her legs. Until finally, she opened her legs and letting them drop to the floor, stepped out of them. They lay on the floor right next to the restroom door. Tiny, they fit in the palm of my hand. The crotch was soaked, I held them to my nose. My mouth watered. She looked at me as I did that, a combination of confusion/lust, sort of mad, resigned. You never even realized...

And I popped them right in my pocket. 

I next wrapped my arms around both of you, watched your lips part, and we stood there, our noses just inches from each other. You were just holding your lips apart, panting, hungry. We were all in such a heat. So there we stood in this little huddle, hot and aroused. Both of you, your lipstick was all mashed around your mouths. I loved the look of you two, the smell of us. I could smell you, knew your pussy smell so well; but there were other scents. Another pussy was wet beside me - all liquid, bare and disheveled. 

You had these crazy pigtails you had made while sitting at the bar, completely uneven, like a little girl's pigtails; while Zoe had this straight short hair. I held both of you by the waist, "What do we want to do?" I asked. And we stood there in a lustful silence. You began to touch Zoe's breasts, casual, Zoe looking down, watching your hand, completely yielding, as I was caressing both your bare backs and asses over your little skirts. We could barely breath.

You piped in "I don't want to go anywhere." 

"So... Back to the bar then?" I said. 

"No," both of you said simultaneously. 

"Then what?" I said 

Zoe volunteered. "I've got my dad's SUV, its parked just outside, let's find-" You started kissing her... "Someplace... to go." 

There were three people standing at the door, nasty stares as I began herding these two little cats outside. Around the corner was Zoe's SUV. It was dark. Damn, a Lexus. Huge.

She hit her little key button and it squealed - beep beep - lights flashing in sequence and you could hear all the locks popping. It made you laugh uncontrollably. Why?? Who knows, you did that. It's one of those things I so loved about my little girl. 

And in we piled into the back seat...

***********************************************

We approached the Lexus and I grabbed your hand, entwined my fingers in yours. I felt like your little girl. Like I could depend on you to take care of me. Zoe lifted up the back door and I stepped up to climb in, your hand sliding up the back of my bare thigh, under my skirt, and pushing on my naked ass to help me in. I laughed at you, and the two of us settled in the back. Damn, it was huge. I could lay down fully in the empty back of the car. Zoe walked around to the driver's seat and got in.

"Where should we go?" She asked. We didn't hear her. We were too busy making out. I was batting your hands away from my legs playfully, kissing you, chewing on that lower lip of yours. You kept trying to reach up under my skirt and touch my pussy, but I wouldn't let you, I was playing with you.

"Hello?? Where should we go?" 

I pulled away from you, all giggly. "Drive over to the other side of the parking lot, away from the front door. There'll be less people." 

Zoe started the car and drove it around to the far side of the parking lot, in a dark corner under a tree. I finally let you slide your hand up my skirt and you immediately plunged two fingers into my cunt. No playing around with you tonight, you were all business. I moaned loudly and Zoe climbed into the back.

"Come on, share a little..." She grabbed one of my pigtails and pulled me to her, kissing me. You sat and watched for a minute, rubbing your sticky hand on Zoe's thigh. I pulled away from her and smiled at you.

"Undress us," I curled an arm around Zoe's waist and rested my head on her shoulder as you started undoing her sandals. My vision was a little spinney and I focused on you, watched as you pulled them, then turned to me and pulled off my maryjanes. Next, you reached for the zipper on the side of my skirt and I sat up, letting you pull it down, lifting my hips so that you could slide it off. Zoe stared wide eyed at my naked little peachfish. You reached up and unbuttoned my shirt, pulled it off of me, and I hugged my breasts with my arms, a little shy in front of her. You left my stockings on, of course, I knew you would. You turned to her and I curled up on my side on the floor of the car, resting my head in the crook of my elbow, and watched as you finished undressing Zoe. She was so much like me, mostly bare down there, a little dark brown patch just about her slit. You looked from me to her, her to me, me to her, and we laughed at you. Zoe came and laid down next to me and I reached over, grabbed her hip and pulled her into a kiss, our legs entwining. 

You tried to reach out and run a hand up each of our thighs but we swatted you away.

"For now," Zoe said to you, "You will just have to sit there and watch."

I shot you a look full of sympathy, then continued to kiss her, hot, openmouthed kisses, and you stared, watching our lips, our tongues. I slid down and caught one of her nipples in my mouth, suckled on it a little, then kissed my way down her belly. She sighed and lay up against the side of the car, spreading her legs open for me. I looked down at her. I had never before seen another woman's pussy in real life. Zoe's was all pretty, pink, slick and warm. Soft and swollen. I could feel your eyes boring holes into us and I looked up at you, embarrassed, smiling a little.

"I don't know what to do." I said softly. "I've never done this before."

You grin at me, grab me by my pigtails, and push my face into her pussy, saying, "Let me show you." Then you drop down to the floor and lay beneath my stocking clad thighs, pulling my cunt down to your face. And I follow you, your every move. You start with soft, flat tongued laps, all over. I do the same to Zoe, moaning a little from your tongue, hearing her echo my moan. Everything you do to me, I do to her, and our whimpers, sighs, cries and moans echoed through the car. You pushed your tongue up into my soaked little hole and I did the same to her, fucked her with my tongue, ran circles around her clit, mimicking every lick you gave to me, giving them to her. Our breaths were getting quicker, my body felt hot. Zoe's skin was all flushed and she was squirming as I was squirming, getting nearer to that moment where you KNOW you're going to cum. But you were mean, you tortured us. You took your time with me, and in turn, I took my time with Zoe. You'd suck at my clit, and I'd cry out, do the same to Zoe, and she'd cry. You'd slow down, and I'd slow down, and we'd both whimper, desperately wanting more. Zoe's little clit was all swollen, huge, hot. I knew mine was too in your mouth. 

Finally, I think you'd had enough, I think YOU needed more, a lot more, and you pulled my clit between your lips, sucked it, flicked your tongue at it, and I copied you, a little harder I think because of my own pleasure, and I started that tingly, warm freefall into orgasm, moaning lowly in my throat and then loudly as it hit. I could feel Zoe shaking, just like me, and she grabbed me by my pigtails and mashed my face into her, crying out, both of us cumming, then pushed me away, just as I did to you, too sensitive. 

I crawled up next to her, lay my head on her breasts, and shut my eyes for a minute, catching my breath. Zoe was speechless. A few minutes of silence went by, just panting and the smell of two very wet pussies filling the air. I slowly opened my eyes and looked at you. My eyes were so bright, my cheeks flushed all pink, these little lips of mine parted and panting. I got the feeling Zoe was looking at you too...

I giggled a little. "Poor little boy, over there all alone, and we haven't even touched him yet."

Zoe giggled too, the two of us tangled in each other against the inside of the car. 

I grinned that evil little grin of mine and beckoned you over with a crooked finger...

"Come here..."