 The After Party Party

The three couples left the bar and headed to the hotel lobby. They grabbed a taxi for the three block trip to Gwen and Mitch's place. Mitch climbed in the front as everybody else got into the back. John, Daniel and Gwen took got in first and Carrie and Cheryl sat on their laps. The bellman and the cabbie got their eyes full of the ladies tits as they tumbled into the cab. There was lots of touching and giggling going on in the back seat during the ride and Mitch was doing a good, x-rated play by play from the front seat. 

Once at their destination, everybody piled out and headed into the lobby of Gwen and Mitch's condo building. They went straight to the elevator and pushed fourteen. As soon as the doors closed, Gwen and Cheryl unbuttoned Carrie's blouse. As the doors opened Carrie was topless and did a little pirouette as she left the elevator. Cheryl and Carrie wouldn't let Gwen pass until she surrendered her blouse. Then Gwen led the ladies down the hallway doing an exaggerated cat walk. Carrie and Cheryl imitated Gwen. Their asses swayed invitingly as their tits swung side to side. The men followed enjoying every move the girls made.

Gwen unlocked the door and ushered everyone inside. Mitch turned on lights and directed the party to the den off the main living area. Carrie smiled to herself and hugged her husband as they walked into the room. It had been an unbelievable night so far, and now here she was half naked with people she'd just met that night. It was everything either of them hoped for. In fact, it was more than they had hoped for. 

Mitch opened a bottle of champagne to celebrate new friends. Gwen was behind the bar helping her husband. Cheryl sat down on one of the stools and John stood next to her. Daniel and Carrie stood next to Cheryl. Daniel had one arm around his wife's waist and teased her nipples with the other. Cheryl was idly stroking John's cock and it was coming back to life. Mitch and Gwen handed flutes of champagne to everyone and he toasted, "Here's to meeting sexy, fun new friends. To great sex and great fun." 

Everyone touched glasses together and took a sip of the bubbly liquid. Carrie was thinking to herself that things couldn't get much better. Her husband was playing with her titties and she was drinking champagne with friends; damned nice indeed. She looked toward Cheryl and John. Cheryl had worked John's manhood into another huge erection. Much bigger than it had gotten earlier in the evening. Cheryl saw Carrie looking and smiled back at her, "Awesome cock isn't it?"

Carrie continued to stare at John's midsection as Cheryl rubbed his massive member. Finally Carrie spoke, "Cheryl, I've never seen anyone that huge. John sure looks appetizing." 

John and Cheryl smiled appreciatively at Carrie. Daniel pulled on Carries swollen nipples and she moaned slightly. Carrie loved to suck cock and he knew that she'd love to try to get as much of John's cock into her mouth as she could. Mitch invited everyone to check out the view from the den's patio. Everybody took their glass and Mitch opened the curtains. The view was spectacular. It was a clear night and you could see all of the downtown area and all the way to the river. It really was an awesome sight. Mitch said, "This is one of the reasons we decided to buy this place. We just never tire of the view."

The couples just stood there taking everything in. Gwen excused herself to use the ladies room and as women do, the other two went with her. Mitch refilled the guy's glasses and they stood chatting and looking out over the city. 

The guys didn't hear their wives come back into the room. The ladies had removed all of their clothes except for their heels. They quietly moved behind the men. Cheryl behind Mitch, Gwen behind Daniel and Carrie behind John. In unison, the ladies hugged the husband in front of them. Slowly the ladies worked their hands down to their crotches and teased their cocks. Daniel smelled Gwen's perfume right away and knew it was her hands toying with him. He looked to his right and was sure it was his wife's hands that were busy pulling John's pants down. His huge cock was now hanging half hard as Carrie pulled his spandex pants over his boots. 

Gwen undid Daniel's belt and zipper and his pants fell to his shoes. Next she pulled his underwear down his legs. Mitch got the same treatment from Cheryl. Daniel and Mitch kicked off their shoes stepped out of the pile of clothes at their feet. Daniel noticed that he and Mitch were about the same size; seven inches and slightly thicker than average. John on the other hand was gigantic. Carrie was now jacking him slowly with both hands. He was easily ten inches long and two or more inches in width. Daniel noticed that John and Mitch were both completely shaved. He liked the looked. He'd ask Carrie to do the honors soon. 

The ladies pressed their tits into their backs and their skillful hands had their husband's rock hard. It was very erotic and the guys were totally into in what the ladies were doing to them. Carrie lifted John's sweatshirt over his head and the other ladies did the same. Now everyone in the room was naked. Together, each wife moved in front of the man they were behind. Carrie immediately put her arms around John and mashed her body against him. She could feel his huge penis half way up her stomach. She pulled his head down so she could kiss him. 

Gwen had one arm around Daniel's waist and she fondled his balls with her other hand. Daniel's tongue was in Gwen's mouth and she was busy sucking it like a tiny dick. Gwen stepped back a bit and knelt in front of Daniel. Gwen kissed the head of his cock and then she slowly engulfed Daniel's entire length. He could feel her squeeze the head of his penis with the back of throat. Gwen was full of little tricks and he couldn't wait to experience them all. She was definitely one great cocksucker. Daniel twisted Gwen's hair in his fingers and rubbed her cheek as she mouthed his cock.

Cheryl was now kneeling in front of Mitch and was licking his cock like an ice cream cone. She gently sucked his shaved balls into her mouth. At the same time she slid the skin of his cock up and down. The head of his dick disappear on each stroke. Mitch humped slightly as Cheryl stroked his meat.

Daniel looked over at his wife as she licked and sucked on the head of John's cock. Carrie had both hands on his mammoth tool and she worked to get as much of John's cock into her mouth as she could. She opened her eyes and looked up at Daniel. She winked at him as she ran her tongue around John's cockhead. Daniel could tell by the slutty look in her eyes that she was having a great time. 

Cheryl pulled Mitch down to the floor and onto his back. She positioned her pussy over his face and slowly lowered herself to his waiting tongue. Mitch spread her pussy lips open and slid his tongue into her wet vagina. He attacked her swollen clit with his tongue and Cheryl moaned as she lowered her head to capture his cock in her mouth. She continued to moan around his cock as he nibbled and licked her lips and clit. 

Gwen told Daniel to lie on his back on the soft carpet and she straddled him. Then she grabbed his hardon and slowly impaled herself on his rigid cock. She sighed as Daniel's hardness filled her pussy. She leaned forward so that she could rock back and forth on his dick. Gwen quickly got into a rhythm as she fucked herself with Daniel's cock. Her pendulous titties swung obscenely in front of Daniel's face as she continued to fuck him. 

Carrie laid on the carpet close to her husband and Gwen, and spread her thighs wide. She looked at John and said, "Suck my cunt."

John wasted no time in getting his head between Carrie's thighs. As he knelt down, his giant cock swung wildly back and forth like a small baseball bat. It was a really impressive sight. Carrie was moaning loudly as John tongued her pussy. The longer he lapped at her pussy, the louder she got. 

Her voice was raspy and her breathing came in gulps. She grabbed John's head and held it against her pussy as she started to cum. John could feel her thighs tighten as she reached orgasm. He sucked her clit into his mouth rolled it around with his tongue. Carrie wasn't sure how many times she came, but now she wanted that big cock inside her. She pushed John's head away from her pussy and quickly turned and got on all fours in front of him. She looked over her shoulder and asked John to fuck her doggystyle. 

Carrie's pussy was drenched from her orgasms. John placed the tip of his cock against her pouting lips and slowly pushed forward. The head of his cock was smaller and it slipped in easily. He pushed another inch into Carrie's pussy and waited a few seconds. John grabbed her hips and pushed more of his horse cock into her. Carrie grunted as his cock stretched her pussy like never before. John pulled his cock out slightly and then pushed forward again. This time almost all of his cock was in buried in her tight hole. Carrie's head was hanging down and she moaned loudly. John again pulled his cock out of her and just as quickly stabbed it back in. This time he went in balls deep. Carrie had never felt so full and pleaded with John to easy with her, but to fuck the shit out of her. John caressed Carrie's back and butt as he let her get used to his thickness. Then he started pumping his cock in and out of her pussy. He took it slow and smooth and got into a steady rhythm. 

John's cock was coated with Carrie's pussy juice and he was sliding in and out easily so he picked up speed. He grabbed Carrie's hips tightly and slid his cock almost all the way out and then back in. His balls slapped against her loudly. He steadily increased his speed until he was pounding away at her cunt as fast and as deep as he could. Carrie's closed her eyes. John's cock was unbelievable. It was so deep in her and it was so fat. She felt like every inch of her was full of cock. John fucked her just like she wanted and the sensation overtook her. She couldn't hold herself up anymore and she dropped onto her elbows. She steadied herself by grabbing a fistful of carpet in each hand. Carrie's tits hung down and her big nipples brushed against the carpet as John pumped his cock in and out of her. 

Daniel was near the point of cumming and told Gwen he was going to shoot soon. She smiled down at him and rode him faster and harder. He reached up and grabbed her tits and kneaded them as Gwen's silky pussy milked his cock. He could feel his nuts tighten up and lifted his ass up to meet her pussy. He grabbed her hips so he could drive his cock in as deep as possible and he shot his load. Daniel groaned loudly and Carrie knew by the sound that her husband had just cum in Gwen. 

Carrie made eye contact with Daniel and they moved slightly. Carrie kissed her husband passionately as John continued to fuck her from behind. Gwen caressed Carrie's head and neck and played with her tit. John could feel his orgasm approaching and told Carrie. She mumbled something but it was muffled by Daniels tongue. Then Carrie felt the first splash of cum against her insides. John buried his penis as far inside her as he could when he shot his load. She felt three or four spurts before he went back to fucking her. Carrie was wiped out and rested her head and tits on the carpet. With her head on the floor her ass stuck up invitingly and John continued to fuck her well stretched pussy.

Daniel's cock was starting to soften and Gwen leaned down and gave her new lover a long soul kiss. She rolled off Daniel and lay between him and Carrie. John's cock finally started to get soft and he let it slide out of Carries gaping pussy.

Mitch and Cheryl had finished fucking before the others and were lying on the carpet just watching. When John's cock slid out of Carrie, Cheryl got on her hands and knees and crawled over to her husband and started licking his cum covered cock. She sucked the head and cleaned the rest of his cock like a cat lapping milk. Then she asked Carrie to roll over. John must have shot a quart of cum into her. It oozed out of Carrie's still gaping pussy. Cheryl buried her head against Carrie's pussy and licked the cum out of her. It was incredibly erotic and nasty. By the time Cheryl had cleaned Carrie's pussy, she had at least two more orgasms.

The room smelled like sex and they just lay on the floor caressing each other. It had been a truly memorable night. Gwen was the first to get up. She got towels and wet wash cloths for them to clean up with. Soon everyone was dressed and a taxi had been called to take the two couples back to the hotel. 

Gwen let both ladies borrow jackets so they wouldn't create a scene on their trip back. After lots of hugs and kisses, they headed for the door. Mitch stopped Daniel and gave him a business card. Mitch told him call him early in the week. He told Daniel that he and Gwen would like to see them again soon so they could talk about something. Daniel assured him he would call soon and the two couples headed back to the hotel.