 Ch. 4 The Mysterious Proposition

Daniel and Carrie awoke with a slow tender fuck. They took their time making sure that each was completely satisfied and drained. Daniel loved how velvety smooth Carrie's pussy was after the waxing at the salon. He wondered to himself if Estelle provided the same service to men clients. The idea was provocative and he'd have to find out if he could become a client too. After they were through fucking each other they lay in bed and chatted about their day. 

Daniel was scheduled to play golf at noon and Carrie was just going to lounge around the pool and work on her tan. It was going to be a gorgeous day for both activities. As they chatted, Daniel worked his fingers back into Carrie's cum filled pussy and he was trying to work her into another orgasm. Carrie was having nothing of it and grabbed his hand and made him stop. She sternly told him she wanted to save something for later with Gwen and Mitch. Daniel feigned having his feeling hurt, but Carrie just giggled as she thumped his forehead lightly and jumped out of bed headed for the shower. 

After taking his shower and grabbing some breakfast, Daniel decided to leave early since he had some errands to do before playing golf. He yelled to Carrie that he was going to leave and Carrie came out of their bedroom wearing her newest bikini. It was the smallest she'd ever bought. The tiny gauze triangle tops barely covered her silver dollar sized areolas and the thong bottoms did nothing to conceal her smooth, bare pussy lips. The sight of Carrie dressed in the bikini caused Daniel's dick to rise in his pants. Carrie strutted toward Daniel in her wedge heels doing her best cat walk. It had the desired effect on Daniel and Carrie could see the bulge in his pants get bigger. She reached out and grabbed his penis and squeezed it. "Mmmmm, that looks great sweetie. I'm glad I can still have that kind of effect on you."

Daniel responded, "You look so fucking hot. I think I should call and cancel golf so we can just spend the afternoon fucking by the pool."

Carrie kissed him quickly. "No, I'm looking forward to some quiet time by myself. We're going to have plenty of time for fucking later."

Daniel grinned at her and sighed. She turned him around and patted him on the ass scooting him out the door. Daniel's cock was still stiff and he really wanted to stay and fuck Carrie again, but he knew she was right and there would be plenty of time for sex later. 

After Daniel was gone, Carrie got her stuff and went out to the pool and arranged the lounger to get the best sun. She turned on the stereo and tuned in a blues station and rubbed tanning oil all over her body. She loved the way the oil looked and felt on her skin. When she caught her reflection in the French doors and she thought to herself that her glistening, oiled up body looked pretty damned good. 

She removed her wedges and sat down on the lounger. The sun's warm rays on her body felt great. She worked to get the top and bottoms aligned with her old tan lines but there wasn't enough material in her new suit. Carrie liked her new suit because it made her feel decadent and naughty. And besides, the new smaller tan lines would be sexier.

Carrie's relaxed on the lounger and let her mind to start to wander a bit and she soon she was thinking about her appointment last evening with Estelle. She would have to thank Gwen again tonight when they were together. As Carrie thought about the previous night's experience, that familiar tingle started between her legs. As she replayed her appointment with Estelle, she could feel her pussy get wet and her nipples pushed out against the flimsy material of the top. Carrie idly ran her bright red fingernails around each the sensitive bumps in her bikini top. Before long her other hand was inside the bottoms and she was running her finger along her moist slit. 

Carrie loved the wetness and she spread her pussy lips with her index finger. The bikini bottom was in the way so she slid it off her hips and kicked it onto the concrete. She pulled her ankles up and spread her thighs as wide as she could and pulled her pussy open using both hands. The she started to rub tiny circles on her clit. She was amazed at the amount of pussy juice running down between her legs. She opened her eyes and gazed down at her body. Her nipples were rock hard and pushing against her top. She loved how big and hard her nipples were. She thought they'd gotten even bigger in the last week with all attention they'd gotten. 

As Carrie fingered herself, her hand made slurping sounds as she played with her pussy. The velvety smoothness of her pussy felt wonderful. She teased herself to near orgasm and then backed off. After doing it over and over again, Carrie couldn't take the feeling any longer and brought herself to body quaking orgasm. As the orgasm hit, she pushed hard on her clit until the first wave swept passed her. She kept playing with her clit causing wave after wave of pleasure until her pussy was so sensitive she couldn't touch it any more. Then she just laid there catching her breath letting herself settle down. Even though Daniel had completely satisfied her earlier, the sun and her thoughts really made her horny and she really needed to cum again. She had to admit, it felt great. 

Carrie decided to tan for a little while longer and pulled the thong tightly against her pussy. She started thinking about their date with the Gormans. She and Daniel had only met them a week before, but what a week it was. She couldn't wait to see Gwen and Mitch again this evening. She knew that Daniel felt the same way.

The sun was low in the sky and it was getting late in the afternoon so Carrie went in the house to take a shower. She stood naked in front of the mirror and could see a new pink outline to her tan line. She hoped that it turned brown before they went out this evening. Daniel arrived back home just as she came out of the bath wearing a short silky bathrobe and her hair on top of her head wrapped in a towel. That look always turned Daniel on and he grabbed his wife and hugged her to him. 

They walked into their den and Daniel fixed them a drink. They chatted about their afternoon and Carrie told him about playing with herself and bringing herself to climax. Carrie's tale made Daniel even hornier than he was when he left. Carrie kept teasing Daniel by rubbing her hard nipples and letting her robe slide open letting him get peeks of her nipples and almost a glance at her pussy. Daniel begged Carrie to have sex, but she was having too much fun teasing Daniel. His stiff dick poked his pants out visibly. Carrie was having a great time playing her little game, but it was time for her to start to get ready for their date with the Gorman's.

She kissed Daniel on the cheek and squeezed his erection. "Time for me to get ready and you need to take a shower."

Daniel grinned at his hot wife and nodded. "Okay, I guess I'll just have to wait to get fucked."

Carrie laughed and started for the door. "Don't worry big boy, you're going to get all the pussy you can fuck tonight."

Daniel followed his wife and headed for the shower. Carrie hung her robe up and looked at her reflection in the mirror. She ran her hands over her 34 DD tits and teased her hardening nipples. She ran one hand down to her sex and slid her finger in her pussy. Teasing Daniel had made her hot and her pussy was wet. She licked the juice off her finger and smiled at herself. She liked who she was becoming.

Carrie dried her shoulder length brown hair and then piled it on top of her head and secured it there with a black and white hair clip. She thought her neck was sexy and liked to have her hair up occasionally to show it off Then Carrie used a wide round brush to apply powder all over her body. The powder had glitter in it and her body sparkled as the bright light bounced off her. She put an extra dab on powder on each of her tits.

Earlier while lying by the pool Carrie decided what she would wear tonight. She walked to her dresser and selected a sheer black thong that tied at the hips. She slid the thong up her legs and retied it so that it hugged her hairless mound snuggly. She smoothed the sheer fabric against her pussy and she let her fingers linger longer than necessary. Next she put on a black garter belt and black stockings. She ran her hands up and down her legs as she attached the stockings and it made her tingle. 

Carrie sat down at her makeup table and applied heavy dark eyeliner and then dark purple eye shadow. She highlighted the edges with a bit of white and she thought she looked hot but very slutty. She used a little rouge on the insides of her tits to make her cleavage more pronounced. She wasn't sure why she did it; it just made her feel naughty. She was finally satisfied with her makeup and grabbed her dress. 

Carrie had selected a black and white polka dot halter dress with a wrap around bodice. She buttoned the two buttons that held the halter in place and put it around her neck. She put her arms in the dress and worked it around her body and then tied the wrap-arounds at the small of her back. The dress was on the short side but just long enough to cover the garters. She loved the way the dress made her feel. The fabric wasn't see thru, but it was thin and silky and it molded tightly against each of her breasts. Her hard nipples poked against the thin fabric and her huge tits force the material to the side creating a huge amount of cleavage..

Carrie was very pleased with her selection. She hooked a pair of black and white drop earrings into her pierced ears and slipped her feet into a pair of black four inch heels and she was ready to go. Daniel walked into Carrie's dressing area and stared at his wife. He thought she looked so beautiful and so hot. She was becoming a hot wife and he loved it. Carrie winked at him and said, "Hey stud, want to take a hot chic out and play some slap and tickle?"

Daniel grinned back and raised his elbow for her to take. "I think I know just the thing to take care of that itch."

Carrie moved forward and grabbed his arm and they headed toward the garage. Daniel escorted her to her door and opened it for her. Carrie slid into her seat and parted her legs just enough for Daniel to see her sheer thong. She grinned at Daniel as she slowly put her other leg in the car and she closed and smoothed her skirt. She kept eye contact with him and put her index finger into her mouth like she was sucking a cock. Daniel quickly closed the car door and hurried to his side and got in. He relished how sexy his wife looked.

Carrie continued teasing Daniel the entire ride to Mitch and Gwen's. She adjusted the crisscross top of her dress creating more cleavage until the pink of her nipples was visible. Daniel kept stealing glances at her tits while trying to maintain his concentration on the road. She loved the effect she was having on Daniel and could see the bulge along his thigh. She reached out slowly and sensuously stroked Daniel's thigh but she purposefully didn't touch his hard cock. She loved that she could still give Daniel a hardon without touching him. 

Mitch had given Daniel the code to the condo garage so they drove into the basement parking area and took the elevator straight to the fourteenth floor. As they walked down the hallway Carrie checked her dress and re-arranged it for maximum exposure. Daniel glanced at Carrie and he pushed the doorbell. She looked stunning.

Almost immediately Gwen opened the door and welcomed them. Daniel's eyes widened as he took in Gwen's dress. Carrie's outfit was definitely hot and slutty, but Gwen made Carrie look like a school girl. Gwen was wearing a skin tight dress made of stretchy red metallic material that clung to her body like a second skin. She had straightened her golden blonde hair it looked spectacular against the bright red material. Daniel knew how much Gwen liked to show off and he exaggerated looking her up and down. 

Her dress was just long enough to cover the very tops of her thighs. He couldn't see a panty line and was sure she wasn't wearing panties. The low cut front of the dress barely contained her beautiful 38 C's and her big nipples poked invitingly against the shiny thin material. Gwen's long tanned legs looked even longer in the ultra short dress and the four inch sparkly red heels made her calves stand out. Gwen loved to show off her body, and the dress she was wearing did the trick.

Daniel stepped forward and hugged Gwen and gave her a quick kiss in the lips. Gwen's dress was so short that when she leaned forward to hug Daniel, his fingers touched the bare flesh of her ass. She pulled him tight against her and he squeezed her butt softly and Gwen sighed in his ear. She kissed him lightly one more time and then moved toward Carrie. As she did, Gwen glanced at Daniel's crotch and smiled naughtily at him. Daniel grinned back knowing that she was looking at his penis pushing against his pants. 

Carrie and Gwen hugged and kissed. Their hands slowly roamed all over each others body as they passionately tongue fucked each other. Watching the ladies make out made Daniel's cock even harder. He wanted to touch them, but he knew that it was better to let them have their minute together. The girls finally broke their embrace and turned toward Daniel. Both gazed down at Daniel's hardon and smiled. Gwen grabbed Carrie's hand and headed down the hallway. 

When Gwen turned and walked away Daniel was amazed once again at her dress. The back of the dress was cut so low that a couple of inches of her ass crack were on display. Only Gwen would have thought of ass cleavage. Gawd, she was one hot, sexy lady. Daniel smiled and thought what a good night it was going to be.

As they entered the den, Mitch greeted the group from behind the bar. Carrie moved to were Mitch was standing and he gave her a hug and kiss. Carrie melted into Mitch's arms and let him run his hands all over her. Gwen slid up next to Daniel and put her arm around his waist and guided them to the bar. As she climbed onto one of the bar stools Daniels' earlier suspicion was confirmed. Gwen let the bottom of her dress slid up her thighs so that Daniel could look at her bare, smooth pussy lips. Gwen smiled at Daniel as she crossed her legs slowly giving him an unrestricted view. She was an intoxicating woman. 

Gwen rubbed the small of Daniel's back while they watched Mitch and Carrie make out. Daniel loved watching his wife in the arms of another man and his cock showed how much. Carrie and Mitch broke their kiss and turned toward Gwen and Daniel. Carrie's nipples were rock hard and straining against her dress just as Mitch's cock was straining against his pants. From the look of his hardon, Mitch decided not to wear underwear tonight. 

Mitch smiled at Daniel and extended his hand and the two new friends shook energetically. Mitch opened the small refrigerator and pulled out a bottle of champagne and opened it. With a bit of flair, he poured a flute for each of them and passed them out. He lifted his and said, "Here's to great friends, and to great friends and great sex."

Each of them raised their glass and touched all of the others and then took a sip. The wine had a hint of sweetness and was very dry. It felt good going down and it started a little burn in their stomachs. Gwen was still sensuously massaging Daniel's back using her fingernails. Somehow the top of her dress had come down even farther and her tits were almost ready to fall out. She sat back on her stool uncrossing her legs and spreading her thighs just enough to cause her beautiful pink pussy lips to open a bit. Daniel was going crazy looking down at Gwen's cleavage and her bare pussy. Gwen had preplanned her movements to have the greatest effect on Daniel. She lowered her hand from his back to his butt and was rubbing the inside of his thigh. His cock was making a major lump in his pants. 

Carrie really enjoyed the show that Gwen was putting on and smiled at her new friend. Mitch rubbed Carrie's back and ass and figured out that the only lingerie she was wearing was a tiny thong. Since the toast, no one had said anything. Everyone was very comfortable watching the intimate touching going on while they sipped on their champagne. Mitch decided it was time to discuss the big topic.

He raised his glass again and said, "Time for another toast. Here's to opportunities and great fun." Once again everyone clinked glasses and took another sip. Mitch refilled everyone's flute and started again. "You know that we wanted to talk to you about an opportunity, but we felt we needed to do it in person. So, I'd like to tell you about it and then you can ask questions and then you can give us you answer. Are you guys okay that?"

Carrie and Daniel both nodded yes and Mitch set his glass down. "Okay, here goes. Gwen and I belong to a club called The Cotillion. It's a large group of people who are like minded adults who enjoy adult activities. Being a part of the group allows us to draw on the membership to find other adults that you can get to know and enjoy. Gwen and I have totally enjoyed being in the club and we think you would enjoy it also and make great members too." 

Mitch let what he said sink in a minute and then continued. "There are only two things necessary to become a member of the club. First, someone has to be your sponsor, and Gwen I will do that of course. Second, there is an evening of initiation."

Carrie and Daniel looked at each other but didn't say anything. Gwen spoke up. "The initiation isn't a bad thing at all. Mitch and I had a very good time at ours. It isn't anything degrading or humiliating. It's just a rite of passage that you have to go through." 

Mitch looked down at Carrie and then over at Daniel and tried to read the expressions on the faces. He couldn't tell what they were thinking. Daniel and Carrie already had discussed how much they had loved everything that had happened to them in one short week and they were up for anything that would allow them to be more involved with this sexy, sexual group of people. 

Mitch took a sip to wet his lips and said, "Any questions about anything?"

Carrie moved her head from side to side as Daniel started talking, "You two have involved us like we were life long friends from the minute we met a week ago and we've loved every minute of it. We want to become intimate friends of the group and if becoming a member of The Cotillion is the way to do it, we want to do it."

Carrie smiled as Daniel was talking. Mitch raised his glass again and said, "Well then, here's to our great friends becoming new members of The Cotillion." They clinked glasses and drank more champagne. Mitch looked toward his wife and winked. They had talked about it a lot since the previous weekend. From the minute Gwen met Carrie she knew that the shy exhibitionist was looking for a way to let go and be wilder. She could tell by the way Carrie was dressed that night and how easy it was to get her to bare her huge tits. Gwen and Mitch both knew there was plenty they could teach Carrie and Daniel. 

Mitch took Carrie's glass from her and then took her in his arms and began a very passionate kiss while his hands landed on her ass. He pressed his hard cock into Carrie's crotch. Carrie pulled back on Mitch and rubbed her body against the familiar hardness. She reached down and moved Mitch's cock so that it was against her pussy as they slid their tongues against each other. She like Mitch's body and she liked the way his hands were touching her. 

Daniel leaned down and he and Gwen were involved in a very hot French kiss. Gwen rubbed the bulge in his pants and loved feeling the hardness against her fingers. Daniel ran his hand down her back and slid a finger along the crack of her ass. Gwen shivered involuntarily. His other hand was busy playing with her tits and nipples which had now fallen completely out of her tiny little dress. The room was electric and incredibly erotic. 
