 Chapter 5: The Cotillion Initiation

It had only been five weeks since Daniel and Carrie had attended the Sex Expo and Carrie met Gwen. From the minute that Carrie and Gwen bumped elbows, Carrie knew there was something about Gwen that excited her and she wanted to get to know more about her. What Carrie didn't know was the feeling was mutual. Gwen knew from the minute she met Carrie she would be having sex with her before the night was over. 

It had been a whirl wind five weeks for Carrie and Daniel. Carrie had transformed into a total hot wife and now wore only the sexiest and most provocative clothes. Not only were her skirts always as short as possible, she tried to wear garters and stockings whenever she could. Garter belts and stockings always made her feel extra nasty and she loved the feeling of the stockings on her legs. She wore tiny little g-strings most of the time, but loved to go without underwear and tease Daniel. She even bought new clothes to teach her aerobics classes in. All the tops were very low cut and her shorts outlined her pussy lips. She knew she was getting lots of new attention at the Racquet Club, but feigned innocence. 

In addition to the obvious change Carrie underwent, their sex life had gone from good to unbelievable. Even though they'd been married for over twenty years and were in their mid forties Carrie and Daniel were fucking almost everyday and Daniel loved Carrie's transformation. He had always loved her, but now he loved her even more and wanted her all the time. He never tired of sucking and fucking his beautiful wife and she never got enough of his stiff seven inches. 

Their life had gone from standard stuff to exciting and erotic. Everything seemed to be more fun and they had more energy. Carrie even had some students in her aerobics class ask her if she was on a special diet or something that gave her new healthy glow. She almost blushed knowing what the real reason was. 

In addition to the non-stop fucking at home, Carrie and Daniel embraced the swinging lifestyle that Gwen and Mitch had introduced them to and partied almost every weekend having unbelievable sex with their new friends. Every time Carrie thought about it, she was amazed at the amount of cum she'd swallowed in the last five weeks. It seemed like it had been a non-stop sex fest. And, with all the fucking he was doing, Daniel's stamina was awesome. He could fuck just about as long as any of the ladies wanted before he would cum. They also discovered that it was a total turn on for both of them to watched the other having sex. 

Tonight was very special. It was their initiation into the Cotillion. The Cotillion was a club for people who enjoy the swinging lifestyle and wanted a discreet, easy way to meet other like minded individuals. Gwen and Mitch were sponsoring their membership and tonight was their initiation into the club. 

Gwen telephoned Carrie early Saturday morning. Instead of their normal flirty conversation, Gwen was all business. It unnerved Carrie a little bit since she and Gwen had become so close. Gwen told her a package would arrive later in the day with all the instructions for the initiation, and directions to get there. Gwen also told them that as part of their preparation they were not to have sex during the day. 

After the brief conversation, Carrie hung up and pondered the call for a moment. She decided that it was probably just part of the initiation and everything would be okay. She told Daniel about the call and the two just puttered around the house doing chores waiting for the package to arrive. 

They were really horny and wanted to have sex, but knew they should follow the Gorman's instructions. At about three o'clock the package arrived. Carrie opened it immediately as Daniel watched. The enclosed note read,

Dear Carrie and Daniel,

Tonight should be one of the more exciting sexual adventures of your life. We have enjoyed your company and have planned your initiation especially for the two of you. In preparation, both of you should do the following: 

1)Eat a very light dinner. No alcohol. 2)Use one enema kit before dinner and one after dinner. 4Wear the scrubs included in the box to the initiation; the pink one's for Carrie, blue for Daniel. 4Do not wear anything under the scrubs. Wear sandals. 3)Arrive at the initiation site at nine o'clock sharp. 

We are looking forward to the evening. We hope you are too.

Mitch and Gwen

Carrie and Daniel didn't say anything after they read the note. The instructions seemed easy enough. Daniel caressed Carrie's shoulders as she emptied the stuff from the box. They looked at the enemas and then at each other. In the last five weeks they both had really gotten into anal play and now wondered how much it was going to be part of their initiation.

The rest of the afternoon dragged on. Finally, it was time to start getting ready. Daniel and Carrie decided to give each other their enemas since they both enjoyed anal play and were horny as hell. They decided that Carrie would do Daniel first. After some experimentation, they found the best way was for him to be on all fours with his head down. Even though they weren't supposed to have sex, Carrie lubed up the half inch wide nozzle and sensuously fucked Daniels ass with it. When she had enough fun, she squeezed the enema bottle and emptied the contents into Daniel's colon. She rubbed his slightly distended stomach as the solution did its job. She desperately wanted to play with his semi hard cock, but she knew if she did, she wouldn't stop till she jacked him off. That would be against the rules. 

Daniel went to the bathroom and when he returned he got Carrie's enema kit out and did the same thing to her. Carrie was moaning softly as he slid the lubed up tube in and out of her butt. Carrie was getting into ass fucking more and more and Daniel regularly emptied his balls into her backside. Daniel finally filled her with the solution and removed the tube. Carrie stayed on the floor for a few minutes and then headed to the bathroom.

Nothing much happened the rest of the afternoon. Carrie decided to fix salads with some grilled chicken. Once dinner was done, they gave each other the second enema and then showered. Carrie stood in front mirror admiring her body as she dried off. She had visited Estelle the night before to have her pussy waxed for the initiation. Daniel wanted to join her since Estelle was now waxing him too, but Carrie wanted some private time with Estelle. Carrie absently rubbed her finger along her slit as she savored the memories from the previous night. 

Once she finished drying she joined Daniel in their bedroom. They put on the scrubs and they laughed at how they looked. The outfits weren't exactly flattering so Carrie spent extra time on her makeup using extra eyeliner and eye shadow. When she was done, she looked stunning. Her shiny brunette hair hung easily at her jaw line and even in the sack like scrubs, she was gorgeous.

They grabbed the directions and in no time were turning into the driveway of a rather large house set well back off the road. There were four other cars in the driveway up by the house so Daniel drove forward and parked behind them. It was getting dark as he and Carrie made their way up the steps to the front door. When they reached the top step, the outside light came on and the door opened. 

Gwen ushered them into the house and Mitch greeted them. She and Mitch were dressed in sweats and looked just as plain as they did. Hugs and handshakes were exchanged and Carrie was happy when Gwen hugged her hard and rubbed her tits against her. Her earlier concern was now gone. Mitch looked at Daniel and Carrie and said, "One last time. Are you sure you want to do this?"

Carrie and Daniel both answered yes in unison. 

Mitch said, "Okay then. Daniel, Gwen will escort you and I will escort Carrie."

Without another word, Mitch took Carrie by the elbow and headed her down the hallway. Gwen took Daniel's hand and led him down the hallway in the opposite direction. At the end of the hallway, they went down a flight of stairs and stopped in front of double doors. Gwen opened the door and motioned for Daniel to go in. The place was gorgeous and the furniture was beautiful. Lots of silks and Roman columns and several oversized ottomans, like five feet by five feet, and lots of really big silky plush pillows. A flat panel monitor -- maybe forty inches or so hung on one wall. The lights in the room were dim which made it feel very sensuous and warm. Gwen's eyes sparkled as she led Daniel over to a side table where an ornate treasure chest type box was sitting.  

Gwen looked lewdly at Daniel and told him to remove his shoes and scrubs. Without any hesitation, Daniel kicked off his sandals and pulled the top over his head. Then he untied the drawstring and his pants fell to his ankles. Gwen grinned at Daniel and licked her lips as she squeezed his rising cock. Daniel loved the things that Gwen could do. She said, "Mmmmm, looks like someone is happy to see me."

Daniel swallowed in an attempt to fix his dry throat and responded meekly, "Un huh!"

Gwen released his member and opened the hinged lid of the box. She reached in and pulled out a rich looking brown leather harness. It consisted of five straps that were sewn onto a center ring about two inches wide. Gwen fingered the cock ring that was sewn onto the end of one of the straps. Knowing that Daniel was well versed in the use of cock rings she simply handed the harness to Daniel and told him to put it on. Daniel smiled at Gwen as he secured his shaved package inside the metal ring. 

Gwen made sure the ring was pulled snuggly up against his body and then pulled the chest high straps around his back and buckled them together tightly. Then she took each of the shoulder straps and fastened them tightly into buckles built into the back. Last she reached between Daniel's legs and grabbed the fifth leather strap. It was attached to the bottom of the cock ring and Gwen pulled it up his butt crack and buckled it to the harness.

Gwen stood behind Daniel and savored his cute ass. Then she ran her finger up along the leather thong between his cheeks and she felt him shiver. She liked having that effect on Daniel and she liked the way it made her feel. Then she had him turn around so she could apprise the rest of the look. She liked what she saw. Daniel's cock was standing rigidly at attention and she reached out and softly stroked his hard flesh. She liked the way his swollen penis felt as it throbbed under her touch.

She finished her work by buckling three inch gauntlets around his wrists and tied small leather strips just above each bicep. The last piece of his costume was a ridiculously short leather gladiator skirt. The garment was incredibly soft and Gwen loved the way it felt. It barely covered Daniel's ass cheeks and his hardon poked against the front.

Gwen pressed her braless tits against Daniel's arm as she leaned forward to whisper in his ear. He could smell her lilac perfume and her hair tickled his neck. "I think you will have the time of your life tonight. Your initiation has carefully planned to take you and Carrie to new heights of eroticism. Do you have any questions before I leave to change my clothes? "

Daniel shook is head no. When he did, his cock swung under the warrior's skirt. 

Gwen smiled, "Good Daniel...just one more thing. You are not to speak unless spoken to tonight." 

With that, Gwen gave him a quick kiss on the lips and told him to go to the bar and prepare the drinks he would find on a list there. Then she left the room through a different door than they came in. 

After a second or two Daniel looked around and couldn't believe he was in this beautiful room about to be "initiated" into the Cotillion. Then he walked over to the bar to fix drinks. He found a serving tray and a list of drinks. The tray was separated into four different colors which matched the drink list. Maroon was Grey Goose and cranberry. Gold was Chardonnay. Navy was Gray Goose and tonic, and Green was Tangueray and tonic.

In the other initiation room the same process was taking place. Mitch told Carrie to remove her scrubs and left her standing there much longer than necessary just because he loved looking at her body. The room was nicely furnished and dimly lit. There were several overstuffed chairs around the room and a small bar near one wall. The primary piece of furniture in the room was a large round poker table and four chairs. 

Mitch led Carrie to a small table which held a chest much like the one in Daniel's room. Mitch lifted the lid and reached in. He handed Carrie a pair of fishnet stockings and a garter belt. Without being told, she buckled the garter around her waist and then slid her legs into the stockings. She'd finished hooking the left stocking and was bent forward slightly as she worked on the other one. Mitch reached forward and fondled her dangling jugs. Mitch loved her soft 34DDs and couldn't resist as they hung down so temptingly. Carrie sighed and moaned softly as he kneaded her soft tit flesh. Her pussy had been on fire since she took her clothes off and Mitch's hands felt great. 

Once Carrie had finished attaching the other stocking, she started to straighten up and Mitch stopped playing with her tits and reached into the box once again. Next he handed her a white starched collar with a small black bow tie built in. She buttoned it around her delicate neck and adjusted it so the tie was positioned properly. Then she buttoned white cuffs around each wrist. When she was finished that, he gave her a black cupless bra. She slid the straps onto her shoulders and fit the material below each of her big tits. Mitch stood behind her and hooked the bra. Then Mitch reached in the box and pulled out a completely sheer white apron and tied it around Carrie's naked waist. It barely reached down to the top of her thighs and did nothing to hide her bare pussy. 

Mitch thought her ass looked awesome and he ran his hands over the bare flesh. He asked her to turn toward him. By the time she turned around, he had his sweat pants pulled down and his cock pointed lewdly at her. She didn't hesitate a second and bent forward to take Mitch's cock between her warm lips and into her mouth. She sucked him deeply into her throat and heard Mitch moan. 

Carrie had worked hard learning to control her gag reflex and squeezed his cock with her throat muscles. Mitch loved the feeling and would have liked nothing more than shoot his load down her throat, but he knew that it wasn't time for that. He pulled Carrie away from his cock and she stood up. He looked dreamily at her and said, "That was wonderful Carrie. I can't wait to get more of that."

Carried was very pleased and grinned at Mitch. Mitch reached back into the box and handed her a pair of black patent high heels. He watched as Carrie put them on and buckled the straps around her ankles. Even though his wife's tits were bigger, he never got tired of the way Carrie's big tits hung down. 

He pulled her to him and pressed his cock against her stomach. He gave her the same instructions about making drinks and talking as Gwen had given Daniel. Then Mitch kissed her and headed for the door on the other side of the room. Just before going out the door, Mitch turned around and said, "Carrie, you look marvelous and you're going to love the rest of the evening." 

Carrie watched Mitch leave and walked to the bar. She caught her reflection in a mirror on the wall. For a second she lost her breath. She couldn't believe it was her she was looking at. She loved her big tits and the way they stuck with just the right amount of sag. Her nipples pointed up and out and were hard as pencil erasers. The extra classes she'd been teaching had tightened up her ass and made her legs look lean. She could see her pussy through the thin wispy apron she was wearing and thought it looked nasty. She looked like a total slut and she couldn't wait for the rest of the evening to happen.

She barely got the drinks made when she heard the door across the room open. Mitch led the gentlemen into the room. Each was wearing different colored Hugh Hefner type pajamas. Other than Mitch she only knew one other gentleman; it was John. Her pussy really started to tingle. 

The men took seats at the poker table and Mitch asked Carrie to serve their drinks. She quickly figured out that the drinks corresponded to the color of their pajamas and she stopped between Mitch and John first and placed their drinks in front of them. Mitch looked at Carrie and said, "I'm sure you remember John."

Carrie blushed a bit. She looked at Mitch and then into John's lap and said, "I remember him very, very well." For some reason Carrie hadn't fucked John since the very first night she met him and she hoped that was going to be remedied tonight. She glanced up at John's eyes and mouthed, "I'm soooo glad to see you again tonight."

John chuckled and said, "I remember you very well too. I'm definitely looking forward to getting reacquainted."

Carrie nodded politely and moved around the table and stood between the gentlemen wearing maroon and emerald green and placed their drinks in front of them. Mitch introduced Tom, the man to her right in maroon. He was tall and muscular, maybe 6' 4" with short gelled black hair. When he shook her hand she watched it disappear into his huge mitts and hoped his cock would measure up to his hands. 

The man to her left was introduced as Rob. He was a little under six feet tall with thinning sandy surfer boy hair. As he was being introduced, Rob started running his hand along the inside of Carrie's left thigh. Carrie enjoyed the teasing sensations and smiled down at him. Rob grinned back. Each time his hand moved up her thigh he got closer to her bare pussy. After watching Rob for a minute, Tom began the same treatment to her right thigh.

Carrie's breathing picked up and she was moaning as the two teased her mercilessly. Carrie's pussy was dripping wet when Rob finally placed his index and middle finger against her slit and pushed. She was so wet both fingers disappeared with no effort. She gasped as the fingers penetrated her pussy and she fell forward dropping the empty tray on the table to balance herself. Her tits hung down lewdly in front of John and Mitch as they enjoyed the show. 

Carrie closed her eyes and leaned forward onto her hands as she spread her legs as wide as she could. Rob continued to expertly finger fuck her and Tom rubbed tiny circles on her swollen clit. She was really breathing hard and Mitch was sure she would cum soon. He wasn't disappointed. He looked to John and gave him thumbs up as Carrie's first orgasm of the evening hit. From experience, they knew that she would have several more before she done. Carrie's head rolled from side to side and her face disappeared behind her hair as the guys continued their assault on her pussy. Finally, she couldn't take anymore and squeezed her thighs together to stop the onslaught. 

Rob and Tom didn't move the hands until Carrie stopped shaking and relaxed her thighs. She opened her legs and the men removed their hands. Rob brought his fingers to his nose and breathed in heavily, "Mmmmm Carrie, you smell so sweet." He then put them in his mouth and slowly licked the juices off, "Mmmmm and you taste awesome too."

Carrie's breathing was about back to normal and she straightened up and stood next to the table. She looked at Rob, and assuming she could speak she said, "I'm pleased you like my pussy juice, and I very much enjoyed being finger fucked by you two gentlemen."

Mitch spoke up, "I'm glad that you enjoyed yourself so much, but the night is young. We've got lots in store for you and to get started, we're going to play cards for awhile. The winner of each hand will get the opportunity to have you pleasure him in any way he wants. To start things off how about sitting on John's lap during this hand." 
