 Daniel woke up and realized that someone warm was pressed into his back, their arm draped over his side, their face nuzzled into his neck. As he opened his eyes he saw the clock and realized that it was later than usual, almost 10am. 

The events of the previous night came flooding back as his mind shook off the tendrils of sleep. He remembered submitting to Liam's huge cock, swallowing his load and taking every inch of his magnificent member up his ass. He remembered watching his beautiful wife in bed with Liam's equally attractive wife, pleasuring each other. He remembered Jamie and Ally chastising both him and Liam and plugging their asses, as they took control of the night. He remembered the mind bending orgasms and the sweet look in Jamie's eyes as they feel asleep next to their, now very intimate, friends. 

As his mind was processing all the events of the sexually charged evening, he felt something against his ass twitch. In a flash he realized that it wasn't his wife spooning him, but Liam. He opened his eyes completely and looking down to see Liam's manly arm draped over his side clutching his abdomen, Liam's leg draped over own. He could now feel Liam's very hard, very large morning wood pressing into his ass and lower back. 

As he took in his situation he also realized that he had his own raging hard morning wood happening and Liam's hand had absently trapped his cock against his body. Daniel thought for a moment and decided that he was ok being Liam's little spoon. 

He definitely enjoyed the man last night and found that waking up in his arms was sensual and arousing. He had the feeling of being submissive and girly as Liam's little spoon. He liked that, it had always been his fantasy to submit a strong man. So far it was living up to the hype. 

Well, I'm totally bi, thought Daniel. His raging hard on was only partly caused by it actually being morning. It was hot as hell being spooned by this beautiful man. He wanted nothing more than to get that fat cock in his ass again. Daniel contemplated to himself that he definitely wanted this new friendship with Liam to continue, especially as a fuck buddy. 

Daniel eventually decided that he needed to get up. However, there were a few mysteries to solve first. He had fallen asleep holding his wife, who was in turn sleeping ass to ass with Ally. He peeked his head up and over Liam's to look for the girls but they were nowhere to be found. Where in the hell were they, he thought to himself. 

There also was a wet spot under his ass. After thinking for a second he realized that is was Liam's cum that had dribbled out of his ass during the night. And while he enjoyed Liam's massive cock poking him in the back, he also needed to pee. So he gently moved Liam's arms off his cock and slipped out from under Liam's body, heading off towards the bathroom. 

When he slipped out from under his body, Liam began to stir. As Liam came to, he took in his surroundings. As he remembered what happened last night, and seeing Daniel's ass as his walked towards the bathroom, smiled to himself. 

Holy fuck, he thought to himself, I wonder how long we were spooning.

He liked the thought of spooning with the man who blew cum out his nose. As he looked around for Ally and Jamie, he heard Daniel flush the toilet, leading him to realize he need to pee as well and so he jumped out of bed and headed towards the bathroom.

Finding Daniel brushing his teeth at the sink, he padded up in the nude and began to relieve himself. Glancing at Daniel, who was watching Liam's semi hard cock, he said, "Good morning, lover. How did you sleep last night?"

Looking at his face in the mirror, Daniel spit and replied with a smile, "damn good, except I woke up with a hard cock in my back. I totally get why my wife always moves her back away from me in the middle of the night." 

Liam chuckled. "Yeah, speaking of which, where are our little lesbian beauty queens?" Liam asked, finishing and flushing. 

"I don't know, they were gone when I woke up. But I vaguely remember Jamie getting up and leaving early this morning, telling me to go back to sleep. I assume that Ally went with her," Daniel replied, putting his toothbrush away. 

Liam slipped up behind Daniel, his cock rapidly hardening again, and said, "Well, while the cats are away the mice should play. Do you have a spare toothbrush, because I want to feel your lips on mine again?"

Reaching under the sink and pulling out a new toothbrush, Daniel handed it to Liam, and glancing down at his cock replied with a grin, "So you liked last night I take it?"

Liam replied, "Fuck yeah! I want more today" but then trailed off as he thought. "Umm, Ally said she planned to take more control today. Maybe we should check for notes or something before we jump back into each other's asses," he said with some concern.  

Daniel thought for a moment, and knowing that Jamie enjoyed taking control last night, said, "Yeah, they are probably planning today and we definitely do not want to fuck that up, so I'll go look for a note or a text or something." 

He bent down and slipped Liam's mostly hard cock into his mouth for a single head bob and then stood up and moved towards the door, his fingertips trailing off Liam's chest and arms until he was out of reach. 

Liam inhaled deeply as Daniel's mouth engulfed his cock, feeling his warmth and wanting him not to stop. He watched as Daniel walked out longingly and moved towards the sink to brush his teeth. When he exited the bathroom, no one was in the bedroom and he figured that Daniel went downstairs. 

Arriving downstairs he found Daniel leaning against the island in the kitchen looking on his phone. 

"Jamie send both of us a text this morning," he informed Liam, who promptly remembered that his phone was still in his pants on the floor of the foyer, which was probably where Daniel retrieved his from as well. 

"What did it say?" Liam asked with curiosity, also realizing he was very hungry. 

As he padded towards the fridge to see if there was something to snack on, Daniel replied.

"It says that she and Ally went out this morning to get some things. That we are NOT to suck or fuck each other in their absence. She capitalized not." 

"She suggested we should shower together to get appropriately horny for the day. She says that if we cum in each other before they return we will both be punished. She also said that we can eat a little something, but not to fill up because we are going out for lunch when they return"

"Well that sounds fun, and ominous," Liam stated with his head in the fridge. 

Daniel took a second to admire his physique. He had a well sculpted back and a tight ass. His legs were well defined and Daniel could see his cock hanging between his legs as he bent over to get some things out of the fridge. 

Coming up behind Liam, he slapped his ass playfully and asked him, "What would you like to eat? You are welcome to anything you see."

Liam jumped slightly when Daniel slapped his ass, and his cock hardened and twitched. He has a small bowl of berries and some yogurt in his hands as he turned around with a questioning look on his face. 

Daniel nodded that it was ok to eat and got himself a bowl of cereal as Liam headed to the kitchen island, the same island where he placed Daniel last night and kissed up and down his body. Appropriate, though Liam, as he put his food down. 

Daniel walked over with his food to where Liam was, at the island and they began to eat together. As Liam moved from item to item, he expressed relief, "glad I thought about looking for a note because I would have already been cumming in your ass at this point."

"Yeah, good thing. Though I would like you to cum in my ass, especially since we don't know when they will be back." Daniel replied with a seductive smile. 

As the boys were eating in the nude, the garage door opened and in walked their wives. Jamie was dressed in extremely tight black ¾ length leggings, tennis shoes, and a tight fitting waist length wool jacket, with a tight little camisole underneath. 

Ally was dressed similarly, with a pair of full length leggings, a tank top that was too small and her jacket from last night. It was obvious to the boys that Ally borrowed some of Jamie's clothes to out in. Their hair was pulled back and their makeup was nonexistent. 

They both looked hot, in a casual, I just got up sorta way. They were both carrying several nondescript shopping bags, and Ally had a small leather handbag over her shoulder. 

"Hello my little sleepy heads," greeted Jamie as she sauntered over and kissed Daniel, grabbing his limp, dangling cock. 

"Thought you guys were going to sleep forever," she continued. Speaking directly to Daniel, she said with a smile, "by the way, you leaked cum out of your ass all over me last night."

"Sorry, blame big cock over there," Daniel replied with a shrug, indicated Liam, "what's in the bags?"

Ally piped up after kissing her husband, "you'll both find out in due time. Don't you worry," she said with a sly grin towards Jamie. 

"Did you guys fuck or suck each off while we were gone? I noticed after we showered and were getting ready to leave that Liam had rolled over and was spooning Daniel," she continued.

"Nope. We were going to, but decided to look for a note first and found Jamie's text. We've just been eating since." Liam responded. 

"Well I hope you enjoyed being the little spoon, my love," Jamie said to Daniel with a nudge and smile. 

"Because here is how today is going to go. Even without cages on you are both under our control. We decide if, when and where you cum. You will wear what we tell you to wear, you will go where we tell you to go and you will do who and what we tell you to do. Got it?"

"Yes, Goddess," the boys stated in unison, both tingling with anticipation. 

"Good, now I see that you are both hard so let's deal with that." Jamie stated as she and Ally both smacked their husband's asses hard enough to cause a faint echo in the kitchen. Ally then moved into the living room and sat on an oversized chair in the corner, shedding all her clothes as she walked.

Jamie continued, "Liam you will get on your hands and knees and lick your goddess's pussy till she cums or tells you to stop. Daniel, you will fuck his ass and fill it with your usual large load of cum." 

"Now move, both of you," she emphasized when neither moved immediately.

Liam put the remains of his food down and moved towards his seated and waiting wife. She had a wicked smile on her face as he approached. He was rock hard wondering what his, now very dominate, wife had in store for him today. 

Daniel followed Liam into the living room and watched as he kneeled down, placing his face right into Ally's soaking wet pussy. It was obvious the girls had planned an entire series of events for all of them. That was why she was so horny, thought Daniel. 

Kneeling behind Liam, Daniel grabbed the lube from the night before and dripped some on his cock and into Liam's ass crack. He could see Ally's eye roll back in her head as Liam's tongue danced a skillful dance over her clit and labia. 

Daniel placed the tip of his rock hard member against Liam's rosebud and eased himself in. Liam's ass was considerably looser than last night and as Daniel pushed the full length of his cock into Liam, he heard a deep moan from the direction of Ally's pussy. 

As Daniel began to pump his thick cock into his friend's ass, Jamie watched from the couch. She enjoyed seeing the two boys' manly physiques as they fucked and sucked. 

Gone were her initial inhibitions from the night before. She felt free. She felt loved by her husband and she now knew that their relationship could not only survive involving others, but seemed to be thriving. Her mind wandered as she watched her new female friend moan in pleasure while Daniel pounded her husband's ass, forcing his face into her soaking wet snatch with each thrust. 

Jamie's mused to herself that before last night she would have never thought she would be interested in a long term sexual relationship with another woman. But now, she very much wanted her relationship with Ally to blossom and continue. This morning they talked and got to know each other better as they shopped and conspired for the rest of the weekend. 

She genuinely enjoyed Ally's companionship, sexual and platonic. She felt that she and the younger woman had clicked, and in a way that she had never clicked with another woman before. Yes, she thought to herself, she mostly wanted to continue spending time, in and out of bed, with Ally. 

Daniel hand's gripped Liam's defined hips tightly as he thrusted his stiff manhood in his friend's tight hole. He occasionally glanced at Ally, but she was completely lost in pleasure as Liam ate her pussy with reckless abandon. Daniel could hear Liam's hard cock slapping into his stomach as he pounded his ass. He reached down several times to tease his dick and give him the 'ole reach around.

As Daniel continued his assault, he looked to his wife to find a small wry smile and distant eyes. He had seen that look before. It was one was contentedness, but also deep thought. He knew that his lovely wife was coming to her own conclusions and he was sure she would share them with him soon. 

He was excited about the possibilities. He also noticed that she had absentmindedly slid her hand into her leggings and was playing with her clit. He chuckled quietly to himself. 

Ally was on the edge. Her husband was going to town on her clit. It seemed like he had gotten even better at eating pussy since last night. As she glanced at her manly husband being railed by his new friend, she wondered if it had something to do with the dick in his ass. 

She watched as Daniel picked up his pace. She saw the telltale signs of his impending orgasm as his eyes closed and his knuckles went white as he gripped her man's hips harder. 

Liam was in heaven. His face was buried in his wife's pussy and his ass was full of cock. Each of Daniel's thrusts drove his tongue further into his wife's wet pussy. He could feel precum leaking out of his cock as Daniel's pronounced head rubbed his prostate. 

He knew his wife was close and he felt her legs clamp down on his head as she shoved his face even deeper in her pussy. He couldn't breathe, but it didn't matter. 

Ally began to shake and moan. She pushed Liam's captured head down further as waves of pleasure rolled over her naked body. 

Hearing Ally cum sent Daniel off the edge. He tightened his grip on Liam's hips and slammed his entire length into his tight hole. He grunted and moaned as he emptied his balled into Liam's willing and waiting ass. Even he was surprised at the number spurts he shot into his friend, especially given last night's performance. 

Jamie watched her friend and her husband cum together with rapt attention. She was close herself and hearing her husband empty his load into his new boyfriend's ass was too much. She moaned quietly as she fingered herself to a small orgasm, completely content with the scene. 

As the three orgy members disentangled themselves, Jamie stood up and shed her clothes. She walked over to the shopping bags and began to unpack the contents. 

Ally, recovering from her post orgasm haze, gave the boys instructions as she stood up.

"Don't move, either of you," she told them. 

The men froze. Daniel's shrinking cock was still in Liam's ass and Liam was preparing to stand up. They both looked at Ally expectantly. Ally smiled back at both of them and took several things from Jamie's hand. 

She turned back towards the boys with two objects. 

"You belong to us this weekend," she stated flatly. Jamie came to stand next to her and nodded her head in agreement. The two ladies looking like Greek goddesses standing nude, side by side, holding hands. 

Ally continued, "Jamie and I did some shopping and some talking this morning while you two spooned in bed. This weekend is going to be an experiment." She paused briefly, "an experiment that may see our sex lives become more enmeshed with each other."

Jamie nodded again and picked up the narrative, "We like that you two seem to have bonded as boyfriends. And we both approve of your relationship as fuck buddies." This time Ally nodded with a smile. 

"Ally and I have had a chance to talk this morning and we would like to continue to build our relationship, sexually and as friends," Jamie expounded. 

Daniel, taking advantage of a pause in the ladies speech, inserted, "So you guys want to be girlfriends and you are willing to let us be boyfriends?" Liam sat still, wisely sensing there was more to the situation. 

"In a nutshell, yes," replied Jamie. 

She released Ally's hand and walked over to boys. She bent down and slapped Daniel's ass, hard. Daniel, not expecting the spank, thrust his flaccid cock further into Liam's abused and mildly gaping asshole. 

Ally had a small smile at Jamie's demonstration. After Jamie returned to her side Ally continued.

"Obviously we have some concerns about the integrity of our marriages as we explore our new boyfriend and girlfriends. So to help address that concern, today will be all about you boys submitting yourselves to us, your wives. Just do what we tell you and all will be well"

Jamie added, eyeing Daniel, "yes, obey your goddesses or else."

Ally moved towards the boys and motioned for Daniel to pull his limp cock out of her husband. As soon as Daniel pulled out and stood up, she moved quickly behind Liam and slipped a black plug into his freshly fucked ass, using Daniel's cum as lube. Motioning him to stand, she grabbed her phone from the chair.

"That plug is connected to my phone. I own your ass now," she told him as she activated the vibrating plug and turned it to maximum. Liam got instantly hard and his knees crumpled, some due to the surprise and some due to the vibrations on his prostate. He hadn't cum yet this morning. 

"I will vibrate you whenever I please and for however long I wish. You will not ask me to start or stop. It is routed through your phone and mine so I don't even need to be in the same area in order to remind you that you belong to me," she teased. She grabbed his cock and stroked him a few times before moving back to stand with Jamie. 

The boys didn't move this time, waiting for Jamie to speak. They were wising up. 

Jamie walked up to Daniel and wiped the lube and cum off his cock with a wet wipe. She then deftly slipped the ring of a new chastity cage over his relaxed balls and threaded his limp cock into the chastity tube. She caressed his cock and balls as she worked. The new chastity cage was solid metal, there was no access to Daniel's cock at all. 

"There," Jamie declared once she was done, "since you came already today there is no need to have you hanging free. Your cock belongs to me and I will keep the key until I allow you to use it again." 

She kissed him deeply and grabbed his caged cock and balls in her hand and squeezed slightly, just enough to tell him who they belonged to. 

Walking back to stand next to her beautiful, nordic girlfriend, the two women again held hands and looked at their boys.

"As you boys can see you will be wearing things today that remind you of us. It wouldn't be fair if we didn't wear things that would remind us of you," Jamie said as motioned to two other bags. The boys got the hint and unpacked the bags. 

In each bag was a pink jeweled princess butt plug and a set of ben wa balls. The boys looked at each with a grin. 

The ladies turned around and bent over so the boys could plug their asses and fill their pussies, still holding hands. 

Daniel grinned at Liam as he dribbled lube on Jamie's plug and offered the lube to Liam. Liam returned the grin as he took the lube and prepared Ally's plug. The boys kissed their wives inner thighs and pussies as they placed the plugs at their backdoors. 
