 Danielle put the phone down and wondered what her friend Ron had up his sleeve. He told her to open the package he had sent her and to follow the directions he wrote her in the package. Danielle's hand trembled with anticipation as she opened the package. In the package was some clothes, a blindfold and a note. She opened the note and read it:

Put the clothes on with nothing else, place the blindfold on and wait for me in the living room.

A short note, but to the point she thought. She pulled the clothes out and shook her head in disbelief. I can't wear these clothes she thought. Ha ha oh well, I can't back down and be called a wuss either. 

She stripped off the clothes she had on and first put the thong on. Eweww a thong she thought, then laughed. Then she put the Catholic school girl skirt on, realizing it was way to short, and finished dressing by pulling the wife beater shirt over her tits. Ha ha The shirt was at least a size too small. She looked at herself in the mirror. The first thing she noticed was how tight the shirt clung to her and showed her nipples. Then she seen how short the skirt was, she lifted her arms above her head and the skirt rode up so that she could see her now dampening pussy. Well, at least I'm not a wuss, she thought to herself and walked downstairs to wait in the living room. Once she got to the couch she put on the blindfold.

Thousands of thoughts crossed her mind as she patiently waited on the couch with the blindfold on. What is he up to? She thought of different things he might do to her and started to get really horny. She had two fingers in her pussy when she heard Ron enter the living room. 

"You look beautiful baby," said Ron as he bent down to kiss her. Danielle kept fingering herself as Ron's and her tongues wrestled in their mouths. Then he started kissing her neck as his hand went down to her pussy. He loved watching her play with herself and laid his hand on top of hers to feel it going in and out of her hot pussy. Ron then lowered his head and gently nibbled her nipples thru her shirt. Danielle put her head back and gasped as she came for the first time.

"Are you ready for your surprise?" Danielle nodded yes as Ron reached for her hand and helped her off the couch. He then led her to the door. "Where are you taking me?" asked Danielle. "You'll see my love" said Ron. He then led her to the car and opened the door for her, sneaking a quick feel of her hot ass as she stepped into the car Soon they were on the road.

As Ron drove he began to finger Danielle's hot and very exposed pussy. He would finger her for awhile then hold his fingers to her lips offering her her own sweet juices. Danielle licked and sucked his fingers dry each time as she got close to another orgasm. Then the car came to a stop. Ron took his finger from her pussy and raised her shirt rubbing her juices over both nipples. He then bent over and sucked the juices off of each nipple while fingering her to another orgasm. Ron whispered in her ear, "that's two!"

As Ron led her from the car Danielle's senses seemed to strengthen. Although she was blindfolded she could hear with amazing ability. She heard a crowded street, people talking in the distance and she knew she was in a very busy part of town. All of a sudden she realized she was barely dressed and blindfolded, it turned her on. Ron led her thru a door.

Once inside the door Danielle heard a woman's voice say "Hi Ron, this must be Danielle?" "You were right Ron, she's very, very sexy!" "We're ready for her." Danielle then felt the woman's hand replace Ron's. The woman led her thru another door and set her on a soft table. She then felt something on her lips. It was Ron kissing her, she would know that feel anywhere. Ron told her to relax and enjoy and she heard the door close.

The woman told Danielle that Ron has paid her to give her a very special massage and asked Danielle to lay on her stomach. Danielle asked the woman if she could take the blindfold off, and the woman said "nope, the blindfold stays on." Danielle then laid on her belly as she was told.

The first thing Danielle felt was the woman pulling her shirt up. Danielle then raised to let the woman pull the shirt over her head. Then she felt the skirt being pulled down and off leaving her in only her thong. Then she felt a warm liquid on her back and realized it was oil. Danielle relaxed as the woman began massaging her neck and shoulders. The woman worked her magic from her neck down her back rubbing every spot on Danielle's back. The woman spent a good half hour working on her back. 

Then Danielle felt the oil being placed on her ass followed by the woman's hot fingers rubbing the oil into her skin. The woman started on the outside of her ass by her hips and worked her way in. The woman worked her magic to Danielle's anus, slightly touching her there then working down. Danielle parted her legs and let out a moan as the woman touched her clit just for a second. She could feel electricity shoot up her pussy as the woman brushed her clit thru her thong. As soon as she felt the touch on her now wet pussy the hand went down onto her thighs. 

The woman placed more oil on Danielle's legs and worked the oil into her skin. When the woman got to her feet the woman started long strokes up her leg. Each stroke would bring the woman's hands to Danielle's pussy, but not touching it. Danielle was brought back down to earth by the woman's voice when she told her to turn over.

Once Danielle was on her back she felt the woman grab one of her hands and pull it over her head. Then she heard a click and felt a handcuff placed on her hand. This was done to her other arm next. Next, she felt her legs being spread apart followed by the same click sound. She was now handcuffed spread eagle on the bed. Then she felt hot oil being spread over her breasts and stomach. 

As the woman spread the hot oil with her hands across Danielle's breasts and stomach she felt more oil being poured on her legs. She now felt the woman massaging her breasts, pulling at her nipples. At the same time she felt two hands on each foot rubbing the oil into her skin. As both sets of hands worked up her legs the woman worked down. Danielle realized that soon there would be six hands meeting at her pussy. Just before the hands met, Danielle felt something soft and warm on her lips. She realized that the woman was gently licking her lips. This made Danielle moan and open her mouth. Then the woman's tongue entered her open mouth and they kissed hard and passionately. During the kiss, she felt four hands at her pussy. Two hands spread her pussy lips while one hand played with her clit, and the other began to fuck her gently with two fingers. Danielle moaned into the woman's mouth as she came for the third time. 

The woman grabbed a handful of Danielle's hair and raised her mouth and kissed her roughly, nibbling on her tongue and lips. The fingers in her pussy picked up the speed and soon she could hear the hand slapping her pussy as the fingers drove in and out faster and faster. She came again so hard she almost passed out.

When Danielle came back to her senses the woman was sucking on her boobs. She soon realized that there was now a mouth on each of her sensitive boobs. Now Danielle felt a mouth on her hot pussy. As the two mouths sucked and nibbled her boobs the mouth on her pussy was slowly licking the length of her. Each time the mouth on her pussy came to her clit it would slowly suck her clit in. Danielle arched her back to meet the licks of the mouth as this kept up for several minutes. 

One of the mouths on her breasts withdrew and Danielle felt something on each side of her head. Then she felt something soft and wet touch her face, and she could smell the sweet smell of pussy. The woman lowered her pussy to Danielle's mouth. Danielle started sucking and licking the woman's pussy as the woman lowered and raised to meet her licks. Danielle could hear the woman softly moaning.

The mouth at her pussy was now sucking her clit in and out, and two more fingers were now fucking her hard like before. The woman screamed that she was cumming and at the same time Danielle was cumming. Danielle's mouth was flooded with the sweet pussy juice of the woman as she gushed into the mouth at her pussy. The room was full of moans, groans and heavy breathing.

Just as Danielle was catching her breathe she felt a hard cock enter her now soaked pussy. At first she thought it was Ron, but she soon realized this cock was much bigger than Ron's. The cock kept slowly entering her, just when she thought it was in more would slide into her. Finally the cock had entered her all the way, and soon started to slowly slide back out. Danielle could hear the man moan as he plunged his cock back into her in one sharp fast thrust. The cock would plunge into her, stay there for a second, slowly come out, then plunge back in. This rhythm was kept for several minutes.

The cock kept up it's rhythm as Danielle came close to yet another orgasm. As she opened her mouth to moan Danielle felt another cock on her lips. Danielle couldn't close her mouth as she came again, and soon she felt the woman's mouth sharing the cock with her. As the man began to drive harder and harder in her pussy, Danielle and the woman's tongues wrestled for the cock at her mouth. And the cock in her pussy drove harder, and faster.......harder and faster. Danielle was now having one orgasm after another.

The man fucking her pussy pulled out and the woman placed her body on top of Danielle's still sharing the cock in her mouth. Danielle could feel the woman's boobs against hers, and the woman's pussy grinding against her own. Then the man who was fucking her pussy had his cock in her mouth too. So now there were two cock heads on the corner of Danielle's mouth and the woman's mouth on top of them. All of a sudden both cocks erupted shooting hot cum all over Danielle's and the woman's mouths. Both women sucked and slurped as fast as they could trying to get as much cum as they could. Danielle felt the cocks leave and soon felt the woman's mouth in their place. They kissed passionately for a long time and Danielle dozed off.

Ron was kissing Danielle as she woke up. She was untied but still had the blindfold on. Ron said, come on baby, I want to take you home and we can watch the video of this and then it's my turn. Danielle then said, "so, I guess I'm not a wuss, right?"