 The suddenness of these little birds flying over to me was a real surprise. I was mesmerized watching the two of you together, drinking in your naked bodies in the dark, just shadows, your white skin illuminated now and again by the lights shining in through the windows and an occasional headlight passing us. 

But fly over you both did, and your first activity was to strip me! I was still clothed, and I felt these two small hands on me, giggling and tugging, unbuttoning, unsnapping. 

"You can NOT have any clothes on if we don't!!" 

"Someone's going to get fucked."

Zoe was carefully (though drunkenly still) unbuttoning my shirt and untucking me. You had unbuckled my belt, unsnapped and unzipped me, and were tugging at my jeans. My shoes were already gone. My socks pulled off with the jeans, and pretty soon I was laying there only in my underwear, stained and wet with cum. It was Zoe who cupped my cock in her hand and glanced over at my little girl. I looked over at you as well, watching you; your fingers pulled at the elastic and slid it up and over my cock, so long and hard.

Permission was granted.

It was quite the moment after my boxers were pulled off. I sat there, leaning up on my shoulders, and you two were leaning down and watching, my cock was this line up my center. Silence. It was you who first nuzzled your nose down and gave me a nice lick, a nice long lick, from the base of my cock up its entire length, and then an open mouthed kiss on my cock head. Next Zoe, a long lick, from the other side. She licked my balls a little, and then trailed her little tongue along its whole length. Delicious, I threw my head back, "Mmmmmmmmmmmm…"

Both of you were now lapping away and I reached down and softly caressed each of you with my hands as I lay back, my legs extended between you. I could feel your breasts brushing against me as you licked, and I undulated my hips between the two tongues. On occasion you were distracted by one another and would give little kisses back and forth as you licked me, your noses touching together; and this tangle of blonde and dark hair tickling up my middle.

You, little girl, were on my right and I reached lower lower, and insinuated my hand completely between your legs. You were soaking wet, your pussy was dripping wet, loose, your vagina a gaping little mouth which quivered when I touched it. I found your ass and pushed a finger in, could hear you moan as you were licking me, and you looked up and gave me a kind of, ‘I know what you are doing.' look. With my other hand I was caressing Zoe's back, feeling her hips. God, I wanted to fuck right now. I was finger fucking you in the ass and you were pushing yourself onto me, pulling your body across my center.

Zoe lifted her head as my little girl got the message and you lifted your leg up and over me. You positioned yourself over my cock, lost now in your own desires, and pushing me up between your legs, slid down and over my length, one motion. And the dark little area filled with the smell of us as we fucked. Zoe ran her fingers over us, she enjoyed the show; and in a little while she lifted her leg up over my face. Oh my god. As I fucked my little girl, Zoe settled her bare little pussy right over my mouth. Exquisite. So different, her smell and taste. I licked at her and she nuzzled herself down hard on my mouth. My teeth were almost biting into her. This little peach, I almost wanted to take a bite.

I ran my tongue up into her and felt you quicken your pace. Oh my god, so good. I panted when I could breath. Zoe was undulating her bottom in a long line across my mouth, turning her hips and setting her clit right along the tip of my tongue and twirling it around. 

You rose and fell on me, this continual wave, and I realized you two girls, facing each other, were simply molesting one another. Zoe had her hands on your breasts and then down between your legs touching me as I slid into you, and you had your hands all over Zoe, touching down between her legs, I could feel you touching my wet chin. We lay like that rubbing and touching, fucking and eating. The windows were wet, completely fogged up. And you two girls were leaning together, kissing one another. Long, liquid kisses, the touch of us everywhere together. With my hands I again found your ass and pushed my finger into you, it was completely lubricated with your cum and you started when I pushed first one finger in you, then two. So delicious. 

You began to move faster on me, deep, long strokes, and then holding yourself down, grinding your slit against me at the base of my cock, pressing your clit into me, digging it in. Zoe too was moving her body against me, almost in time with you, these steady strokes which included these wonderful sessions with her clit. God she loved to have her clit licked and chewed.

As the pace quickened so did our moaning and whimpering, everyone lost in their own dissolution. We simply gasped and squeaked and moaned into the dark until we were collectively panting, moving upon one another. Zoe and you were simply holding one another up as you bucked and writhed against me. I could feel you quivering on my cock, gripping my cock so tightly with your vagina, and then, "Ah, ah, ah…" I bit in with my lips on Zoe's little puss, sucking on her clit. And we began a long, hard wave of orgasm. Moving from one to the other. As if we were all connected, tied together with our nerve endings. Your hair was falling forward and back as you bucked hard against me, I began to spray up inside you and you met my every thrust as I bounced against you.

Zoe was pressing her puss so hard into my face I could barely breath, and I was lifting my head against her and bouncing her up and down as well. Simply digging my tongue up into her. You two girls were kissing and then we sort of melted around one another, this utterly disheveled pile of flesh. You were laughing, "Oh my god, so incredible." Zoe was just smiling with her eyes closed, she had her head on my chest. You continued to play with my cock, shiny with us.

We finally opened our eyes, our arms and hands this amazing tangle, and we looked around. Our clothing scattered around the edges, the windows completely fogged. The smell of sex everywhere, and we laughed. Our hands and arms and legs this pile of naked bodies. God it felt good, warm so decadent. So free, innocent, happy.

At some point Zoe leaned up and began to kiss me, soft and deep. I simply lay there and kissed her back as you watched us. She leaned back, her mouth hanging open, and she spoke in her little girl voice, "I haven't been fucked yet."

You gripped my cock, looking at me. 

"I don't know, you think you can?" 

Zoe had a glean in her eye, a hopeful look. 

We were exhausted, and I kept thinking, shit this evening is not about to end...

**********************************************

God, it was so hot in that Lexus. Hot and steamy and smelly. 

"I'm going to be lazy," I said to the both of you. I could feel my tongue, thick in my mouth from drinking and kissing too much. Wanting to slur my words. I was hot and sore between the legs. You looked at me, Zoe looked at me, as if waiting for me to get things started. "NO! I'm tired and I want to just watch." It was obvious to both of you that I wasn't going to give in. 

Zoe looked at you and smiled, a little shy I think, without me there. I settled myself in a corner of the car, popped the back window open a crack, and let in the cool night air. My nipples instantly grew hard, and so did Zoe's. You looked from one of us to the other, grinning, your cock twitching a little. Zoe noticed and reached out, dragged her nails lightly up it. She leaned over, rubbed the base of your cock, just above your balls. Dipped her head and drew you into her mouth. She was being gentle, I could tell. Slow and sweet. I reached down and pulled my stockings off my legs, to feel the air on my skin. It was too damn hot. 

It was fun to watch. You. With someone else. Watching her do what SHE wanted to your body, see how you react, watch her learn what pleasured you most. You ran your hands through her hair, looking up at me, and I smiled. For some reason I was confident that nothing she could do would be as good as what I do to you. Thinking about this, I giggled a little, and you shook your head at me, like, bad girl. Like you knew what I was thinking somehow. But I knew I was right. Zoe just ignored me. She pulled you up into a sitting position once you were hard again, and slid into your lap. Just sat on you for a minute, kissing you, getting used to the feel of being with just you, without me in the middle. When she was ready she slipped you inside of her and slowly settled down. Sighed a little, a half moan. I scooted a little closer. She began rocking on top of you, her arms curled around your neck, looking into your face. For some reason she still seemed a little shy. You cupped your hands around her shoulders, pulled her back a little, caught her nipple in your mouth. She moaned sharply, grabbed her breast in her hand and pushed it closer to your mouth. 

I frowned. This, I did not like. I was very jealous of Zoe's gorgeous, big bouncing breasts, and I knew you liked them too. I crossed my arms over my own small boobies, just enough for a handful, not spilling out like Zoe. I frowned, glared really, at the two of you. You were lost in those breasts, mauling them, and it was driving Zoe crazy. She was moving steadily faster on you, almost violently bouncing up and down, getting loud and obnoxious. You wrapped your arms low around her waist and the vision of the two of you, fucking like crazy wild animals, it filled my brain and pushed out all of my sullen thoughts. The frown dissolved off of my face, being replaced by this slack jawed awe. My eyes were wide and my skin flushed again. 

Suddenly, I wanted a piece of this, perhaps combined with a little revenge. I crawled quietly over to the backseat, rummaged around in the forgotten lost items underneath. Brushed the trash out of the way, and eventually found something to suit my purpose: a hairbrush with a long handle, about an inch and a half in diameter, smooth and round, with a rounded end. Perfect. 

I moved behind Zoe and caught your eye. Grinned wickedly at you. Your eyes were half shut, a little glazed. I imagined you were trying to keep from cumming until she had, thinking about the most unattractive things you could, like road kill, or your parents naked. I giggled a little at my thoughts, but no one heard me. I slipped the end of the hairbrush into my mouth and this caught your attention. You gave me this look like, what the hell are you doing sucking on a hairbrush, but then I reached down and lined it up with Zoe's bobbing little asshole, which was not easy, and on a down stroke, popped the tip inside. She gasped loudly, turned her head towards me angrily and I twisted the hairbrush, pushing it in further. She groaned involuntarily, loudly, threw her head back and I kissed her neck, bit it, pulling the hairbrush a little bit out as she raised up again, began riding you again, then fucked it back inside of her, hard, and she came. She cried out so loudly I knew there couldn't be one person in that parking lot who didn't have an idea of what was going on in there. I could see you buck your hips up into her, knew you were cumming too, and I sat back and let you both ride out your pleasure. 

Zoe was like a limp noodle in your arms. She looked so hilarious, this hairbrush, handle deep, sticking out of her ass. I bit my lip and shook with silent laughter. I wasn't trying to be mean. I would have traded places with her in a second, hairbrush and all. I was just drunk, warm and happy, sated. Amused. You looked at me from over her shoulder, this strange look, I couldn't place it. I didn't think I'd ever seen you look at me like that before. This incredibly intense gaze. I reminded myself to ask you later what you were thinking.

I reached out and pulled the hairbrush from Zoe's poor ravaged body. She grunted, and I threw it back under the backseat. The two of you slowly peeled yourselves apart and we tried to put our clothes back on. I stuffed my stockings into your pocket, discovered Zoe's panties in there tangled around mine, and kept my mouth shut. Smiled. We all managed somehow to get dressed again and piled out of the car into the cold night air.

I was the first to look up into the parking lot. There was a large crowd outside the bar, smoking cigarettes and talking. A few people were staring at us and I figured they'd heard, been waiting to see us exit, and were surprised when three of us jumped out. I heard a small group of guys snickering and looked towards them, grinned this purely evil grin, shook my pigtails at them and they exploded into cries of, "Oh shit!" "Did you see that?" "THREE of them." I think I heard one guy say something like, "Lucky bum." Referring to you, of course. I laughed and turned to you, grabbed your hand, pressed up against your side. You were saying goodbye to Zoe, exchanging small kisses and smiles. Zoe turned to me and I pulled her into a quick hug. 

"Thanks Zo, see you Monday night. And try to actually FINISH the book this time, okay?" 

She laughed at me. "Thanks for inviting me, I'll call you later. Bye Scott." She was blushing, turned and got back into the car.

I looked at you, grinning, and you stared back at me, incredulous. 

"Wait..." you began, but I interrupted you.

"She's in my book club. I asked her if she'd meet us here and pretend she didn't know me, you know, have a little fun with the two of us."

You were still gaping at me and I kissed you.

"I wanted to do this for you, share this with you, this experience. Blow your mind." 

"But I thought..."

I laughed. "You thought exactly what we wanted you to. Good boy."

And I pulled you in tight for another kiss, amidst the snickers and catcalls of the people around us, nibbled your lower lip. Reached my lips up to your ear and whispered, "I Love You."