 Dare four was the hardest, of that there was no doubt. He actually doubted whether Julie would go through with it. Despite all that she had gone through and done so far in the first three dares he would not have been surprised to see her back out of this one. He hoped not though. The previous ones had been kinky and perverted, no doubt, but this one was sick but he wanted to see the depths Julie was willing to sink to match him. And there she was emerging from her house ready for a night on the town, ready to attempt DARE FOUR...

"Look like a whore, like a complete and utter slut, the type of girl that would let two complete strangers fuck her at the same time. If you've got the clothes for it (I'm sure you do) then wear your own or go out and buy new ones just make sure that just by looking at you every man and woman knows you are the type of girl that craves the attention of cock."

That part of his dare was explicit enough and as he watched Julie Duncan emerge from her house that Saturday evening it was clear she was more than prepared to meet that particular challenge. Her attire indicated that. She was wearing what must have been the smallest, black mini skirt known to man, really tarty fish net stockings, high heels and a daringly plunging silver T-back top that showed acres of cleavage flesh and her entire bare back. She was so striking that an old couple that were passing as Julie emerged from her front gat onto the pavement fell out as she passed because the old man was ogling at her as she passed. Oh yes, she looked the part. But would she have the guts to meet his dare exactly as he had laid it out?

"Go into town and pick up two guys, any guys will do. Any colour, any age, any type, it does not matter. All that matters is that you are going to have sex with them on Saturday night at the same time, one in your pussy and one in your mouth -- a spit roast if you like."

Looking, and acting, like a slut on a Saturday night was nothing new for the promiscuous Julie, hell even trying to snare a couple of willing guys for a threesome maybe wasn't beyond her extremes but this challenge wasn't quite that simple, was it?

She struck out at the first two bars she went to, it was probably too early anyway but by eleven o'clock and the next bar she went to things looked like they might just pick up. It was a bust bar in the city centre, the average in the place was skewed pretty low and there seemed to be plenty of candidates (male and female) looking to hook up with someone for the night. But she didn't rush things, she leaned against the bar, ordered a vodka and scanned the bar, taking everyone in, looking for a likely prospect. This was not her first drink of the night, but she needed it to build the courage to make her do what she was being challenged to do. Even now, while scanning for likely prospects she was not entirely sure she wanted to go ahead with this. And then she spotted them. They were at a table themselves, two young, cocksure guys. Just their whole demeanour told her they would be up for it. The way their eyes followed any girl that went past them, the intense stares they gave that suggest they would like to devour each pair of female legs that moved in the bar and the way they joked with each other across the table, all indicated they could be perfect for what Julie wanted.

The two blokes were called Tony and Conrad and at 21 were both just a bit younger than Julie was herself. Tony was black and Conrad white and they had been best mates since school. They were both good looking and didn't they know it. There usual weekend sport was trawling the pubs and clubs on the look out for an easy lay and tonight Julie was the easiest lay imaginable if they were willing to share. Julie had them marked down as potential targets very early on and wasted no time in getting a second drink and wandering slowly over to their table, maintaining eye contact all the way as they open appraised her body en route. She licked her lips and leaned forward affording both lads a spectacular view right down the front of her top.

"Mind if I join you?"

The smiles on their faces as they dumbly accepted told her they weren't with or waiting on girlfriends and she eased her lithe body into the chair and began to beguile them. It was not difficult. Indeed, a couple of drinks and a couple of near explicit bump and grind dances later and they boys were so hard they could not conceal it and Julie had no problem at all in leading them outside with the promise of carnal relations. And yes when she dropped the double bombshell of where it was going to happen and that she wanted both at the same time there was a shred of doubt, but only a shred.

The taxi journey was quick and fun, both guys hands helping themselves to liberal gropes of Julie's willing body. And then they arrived.

The light off to their right gave events a bizarre orange tinge as Julie hauled off her meagre clothing to reveal her naked body to her two young beau's. They were more than complementary and suddenly at the sight of her pert, firm breasts and tight, shaven pussy concerns about their surroundings were immediately forgotten. She dropped to her knees before them and it took her seconds to have their zippers open and their stiffening cocks in her hands. She concentrated on the matter in hand and tried to ignore the enormity and perversion of what she was actually doing here. This was her dare, her challenge, she could only meet this man who challenged her to these debauched events if she could meet his every demand and she could not fail now, not after all that she had done. This was the penultimate dare, he had told her that but he had also expected her to balk at this one, no question.

Her hands masturbated them expertly until they were slick with their own juices. Then her tongue added its own wetness to them and she could literally see their balls straining for release. The question of who was getting which one of Julie's wet, waiting holes was next but neither seemed to mind so Julie took charge and pulled Tony by his cock to behind her and told him to get undressed and dive in, then she pulled Conrad's clothes off and swallowed most of his stiff cock in one go and started her blow job. He hauled off his shirt to stand naked over her and got into the act too, holding her head and pumping his cock into her mouth with vigour, watching his mate in the strange light lift Julie's hips up and spreading her thighs from behind. When he finally pushed his hard dick into her sopping wet pussy and shunted forward into her she nearly gagged as Tony's dick speared even further into her throat and his balls bounced off her chin. She had been with two guys before, but this time was just so kinky, so dirty that she was hardly able to control herself and let the guys do with her body as they wanted. And they wanted to fuck and to cum.

So there they were Julie the spit roast , skewered on both these young men's hard cocks, her hands and knees on the damp grass holding herself up as she was vigorously fucked at both ends. She didn't even try to speak (her mouth being full wouldn't help with that anyway) or communicate just concentrated on the feeling of being treated as not much more than a piece of fuck meat for these tow to use until they had had enough. Both grunted and moaned like animals as they fucked her from both ends, their concentration immense, they wanted to make this last as long as possible. Unknown to all they were observed, the man who had dared Julie to do this ensconced in a tree overlooking the site where this was taking place, he had been there for a couple of hours before they arrived. He watched and gently felt the bulge in his trousers as he looked forward to the fifth and final task to come.

Despite their best efforts both guys were nearing climax, they could not hold it off much longer and the efforts of Julie's mouth and pussy was hurrying them towards the finish. With a grunt and a thrust she felt the cock in her mouth explode and cum rush down her throat and fill her mouth. Just after she felt that sensation she felt similar deep within her and a warm rush as his cum flooded her pussy.

Having sated their lust, the two men's attitude towards Julie almost completely altered. As she licked at her lips catching the last drops of cum, Tony slapped his dick dismissively on her chin and squeezed the last dregs of his cum out onto her face. As they untangled themselves from her they joked about her mockingly and discussed the relative merits of her holes as if she was not even there.

"How was your end mate? Her mouth was pretty fucking good, bitch swallowed the lot too!"

"Yeah, not bad, she weren't no virgin that was for sure though!"

They laughed harshly and finished dressing, to them the night was still young and there was still fanny out there to be serviced. They hardly spared Julie another thought as she knelt there as if stunned, cum dribbling from her lips and from her cunt. And in a few more minutes they had left her behind and were exiting the cemetery.

"Weird place to do it though, must be a right kinky bitch" was the last she heard of her suitors for the night.

*

Julie waited a moment, until she was sure they had departed. She felt so strange. She was still stark naked but she did not feel the night air as it moved over her body. She was barely aware of the cum dribbling from her body. Her eyes were transfixed on the gravestone of the grave over which she had just been spit-roasted by two complete strangers on.

"I Dare you, next Saturday night to go out on the pull dressed like the little slut you are. I dare you to pick up two guys, completely randomly, strangers and to have sex with them, no strings sex. But the catch is Julie, you have to take them back to Kirkwood Cemetery and perform your filthy threesome right in front of the gravestone of your late father. After you must play with yourself again, climaxing right there and then. That is dare four, if you decide not to take the challenge I'll understand but if you do then I promise that there only be one more before you meet me."

She stared at her fathers tombstone and tears started to form in her eyes but she ignored them and reached her right hand down to find her cum filled pussy and she began to play with herself as she knelt on his grave. She knelt there in the eerie light playing with her clit, rubbing herself to climax a mess of emotions. Self loathing, pity, sorrow and arousal all in one horrible mixture. She did not even know that at that moment her challenge setter was recording what she was doing (and where) on his hand held video camera. She was frantic now, rubbing in a frenzy and accepting the wave of arousal that sent sensations throughout her body until she exploded and gushed out a spray of her own cum all over the grass. With a kiss to her hand and then transferred to the cold, dark stone Julie got up and dressed and wondered what her final dare could be and wondered whether she could ever recover from sinking so low.