 This will be one of my first posts to Lit. Be gentle. 

Please remember to comment and vote. 

If you want a response, please log in or leave an email address for me to respond to. 

Enjoy the read - I dare you!

-Wynter

*****

I feel like all great stories begin this way and yet there isn't another way to begin... It started with a dare. 

The dare was announced loudly and gleefully after hours of raucous fun in the back room of the Mint 8 Ball - the pool hall/club where my birthday party was being held. It was my 30th birthday and my friends pulled out all the stops for the surprise outing. There were good eats making the rounds, liquor flowing freely and even a few different types of edible cannabis treats. The music was bumping out on the dance side of the club. In our room two different pool "tournaments" were being played on the two pool tables that split the back room in half. 

In attendance were my two best friends Jazmine and Anitra, a few close family members, and an assortment of acquaintances that my friends knew would be pleasing to my eyes. Around hour three of the party is when the dare happened thanks to the adult games. You know -- adult games -- that time during most parties when someone brings up sex, people start flirting, and sexual innuendo is tossed around. Eventually the jokes and banter ensue and soon after things casually flow back to normal. Normalcy, however, was not destined to return on this particular night.

Instead, the evening found Marc asking, quite out of the blue, "Hey Jaz, does that door lock?" 

Jazmine was seated next to the door and did a quick glance at the lock before returning to the attentions of Dirrick - her boyfriend- as he nuzzled behind her ear and down her neck. "Uh... I guess. There are a lot of people in here th - though..." her voice trailed off.

Marc laughed and leaned over to take his shot. He focused for a second as he stood back up. Looking at me - his only real competition in this tournament - I could tell he was struggling to look serious and sober, though he was neither of those things. At least, in sober hindsight I can see that. In the blurry haze of the reality of that moment, I wondered what had changed in the split second since he'd attempted to line up his shot.

"Yo Ry, I've got a proposition for you. It will help keep this interesting," he said with a smirk. 

I tilted my head trying to bring Marc and the situation into focus. It didn't work. Stalling, I sat down on the stool closest to me and propped my feet up on the edge of the table just as Anitra - the Mint 8's owner and my oldest friend - came in with my next round of shots and drinks. She, Marc and I downed our double tequila shots. She sipped her wine, Marc returned to his beer and I nursed the Old Fashion on the table next to me.

My mind wandered off and I started wondering why I hadn't switched out my drink yet. I was not a Whiskey fan. I'd ordered it attempting to be grown, sexy and sophisticated with my drink - like only a newly 30-year-old could be. The truth was, I really just thought the huge ice cube was cool. I definitely needed to switch drinks. I just had to decide what my new taste would be. Maybe a...

"Hey, earth to Ry; are you down? Nitra said it's cool to lock the door."

I blinked, "Er... sure. It's a party. I'm down for anything." I stumbled along. Anitra looked at me with a raised eyebrow. That one look let me know several things immediately. One, apparently I had walked into something bad and two, she was judging me for it - the way only a true friend could.

She leaned in close to me, "This might get a little... private and fast. I'll usher out those who need to be ushered, do a last drink round and give the do not disturb order. Give me five minutes." Her wine glass came down gently on the table beside me and then she was gone. 

My mind was twirling fast as I tried to piece together what the fuck I'd missed while I was in the la la land of the Old Fashioned. Marc was smiling as he racked the balls. I watched in confusion because we'd been in the middle of a game; I had no idea why he would be racking at that moment.

"Marc?"

"What? You thought I was going to give you the advantage? No ma'am. We are starting over. We just need to set the rules while Anitra does her thing up front."

Right... Right... "Sure, perfect," I offered with a confused mumble.

"Basically, since this will be truth or dare pool..." he started.

Pause. 

I stood up so suddenly the stool scooted back, and my head started spinning.

"Truth or Dare pool?" was my questioning response, punctuated by nervous energy coursing through my veins that, unfortunately, released itself via a double hiccup that morphed into a stream of uncomfortable laughter.

"Ry, are you cool? You said you were down. I just thought it would be a fun twist, you know?" Briefly there was genuine concern plastered across that beautiful angular face of his before that devilish smirk presented again.

Marc was up to something, but I'd known him since my first year of grad school and trusted him immensely, so I let it go. 

"Yeah, I'm down, that shot just hit me hard. Are you ready? That's the real question!"

"I am girlie. I think we should keep the tournie going with you and me playing first. The rules should be simple. Game starts with the break, as normal. Truth or Dare only comes in as extra chances to make a shot."

I nodded my head for him to continue. The remaining occupants of the room -we'll get to them later - surrounded us to listen in over the music. 

Marc continued, "... you get one chance to sink your shot on your go. Afterwards, it switches to the other person - unless you answer a truth or do a dare. Answering a truth will get you another shot without handing over the table. Doing a dare gets you two additional chances. If you don't take or if you flake on a truth or dare you give the other person 2 tries. No point scoring, just whoever can get their balls in first wins the game."

"Yeah, I bet," came a raunchy yell from the back. 

"That's what she said," came another.

Everyone laughed hysterically. Just then Anitra entered the room, locking the door behind her, as I downed the rest of her wine. She stopped and took up the spot where Jazmine and Dirrick had previously been located. Anitra looked amused, but protective and I found myself wondering what she knew that I didn't. Before I could walk over and ask her Marc pulled me back to the game with a simple, "Ladies break."

The first few minutes were simple; everybody was into it. Predictably, the room had split to the girls versus the guys dynamic. I had solids and Marc stripes. Between the bullshitting and the drinking neither of us had sunken a single ball yet other than the one I sunk at the break. 

The truth questions, however, were getting progressively harder because apparently audience participation was allowed. 

"Ryan, what's the craziest thing you ever did in college?"

"Marc, have you ever fantasized about sleeping with anyone in this room?"

"Ryan, which one of your female friends would you sleep with for a million dollars?"

"Ooh... that's a good one, Marc which one of your male friends would you sleep with for a million dollars."

After two rounds of truth we decided it would be best that if dares presented themselves they were not open for audience participation. 

That should have made things safer, right?

No.

Not. At. All.

Eventually the dares came out swinging. I was dared to drink a shot directly out of Anitra's mouth. As in, pour the tequila in her mouth, have her hold it on her tongue, and then I drink it from her mouth.

Then, of course, there was the moment when Marc got dared to lick Dirrick's back for 30 seconds.

By then there had been more truth questions thrown into the mix as well. I was up to six balls in. Marc was at seven. Again, in hindsight, it was clear to see what his winning game plan was. He was waiting to present a dare I'd never do. This would get him an automatic two tries. He would follow that with a truth question and declare himself champion. 

In the moment though, I was stunned. 

I stood there, kind of dazed, trying to read the table when I heard, "Dare huh? Okay... I dare you to sit over the corner pocket - where your one ball is a heartbeat away from going in - hike your dress up and let me drink a shot from between your legs."

Stunned turned to full blown shock. Though, pride had me a little more concerned with the possibility of losing. 

Always a friend of logic I asked, "What if the ball goes in?"

This brought howling laughter from the guys. Some of the girls looked around nervously. Anitra and Jazmine just shook their heads.

"If it goes in it totally counts. You will still get your two dare shots."

"Bet..." 

I moved quickly to the table to take up position. 

Jazmine was next to me in a second, "Err... you good?" she asked, concern lacing her voice.

"Perfect, just stand beside me, I don't need any audience participation." 

We both laughed.

As Jaz helped me onto the table Marc momentarily looked stumped. It seemed, he hadn't anticipated my answer being a yes. Though, it was obvious from the way he'd taken over the evening, he'd been hopeful all along. 

The truth was, over the course of our friendship Marc and I had flirted on and off. Once, within the first year of our meeting, things had gone beyond flirting and we'd actually shared one steamy kiss, but we'd never gone any further. Though, lord knows, I'd thought about it. 

At 6' 2", with a body that epitomized strength without being too muscled or bulky he was my definition of male perfection. His sweet smile and sincere gray eyes made him seem gentle and trust worthy. The immense intelligence locked in the brain covered by that blonde curly topped dome was the icing on the cake that made him an excellent motivator and study partner in grad school. I rationalized that having him between my legs, if only for a second, would be an awesome birthday present. This would also probably be the least complicated way to bring that about.

Anitra brought over the shot glass as the audience whooped and hollered encouraging Marc to drink up. Jazmine stood to the left of me and Anitra to the right making sure I wasn't on display to the world - well at least our tiny sample of it. Marc stood in front of me with that smirk on his face, "You sure?" he asked teasingly.

I could feel the warmth of the pool table's green felt on my butt. I smiled, as I slid my skirt up a little in the front giving Marc a peek as I positioned the drink. 

There was a deep intake of breath and I knew that he had both noticed and remembered at the same time - I never wore panties. Instead of fabric he was now staring at my smiley face adorned pubes above the smooth hairless lips of my already moistening glory.

He lifted his eyes and locked onto mine. I watched as he slowly took in Jaz and Nitra as they shook their heads beside me. As he watched I slid back, tilted my ass up, and placed the glass. My brain told me to put it between my thighs, but for some reason, we'll call it liquid courage, I placed the cool glass between the lips of my wetness.

The moment I pushed it in, just a little further than I should have, I felt some of the glass' brown liquid slide across my fingers. At that moment I had to accept that I was no longer innocent in whatever followed. I was no longer "the drunken Birthday Girl taken by surprise." I was, as I said earlier in the evening, completely down.

"Hurry up Marc, it's spilling." I whispered.

The closest few guys heard me. Dirrick, being one of them, yelled, "Hurry up man. Lick that shit up, don't be messy."

Marc blinked. Suddenly his hands were there, circling my thighs as he leaned down to take his drink. God, was he thirsty. I heard him sipping and could imagine the fire like tequila sliding across his tongue and down his throat. 

I caught myself moaning as I imagined what his tongue would feel like on me. 

But what I felt... 

I felt tingles vibrating through my system as he gripped me tighter while very obviously using his face to fuck me with the smooth wide glass. 

The surface of the glass was cool. The bottom was wide as they were made for double shots. Every "sip" Marc took forced the glass deeper. Every inch closer he came pushed the outside tip of the beveled glass against my clit. 

I was trying to maintain control, but I was slowly losing it because every second felt so damn good. Jazmine and Anitra eventually began acting as security and holding me up so I didn't fall back against the table. After a few moments passed Anitra leaned closed to my ear and whispered, "Do you want me to make him stop or let him finish Birthday Girl?"

Her breath was cool and sweet. It slid down my neck like a caress. I couldn't find the words. I could only look at her and hope she understood what I didn't have the words to say. Usually the reasonable one, she just smiled at me before leaning down to Marc.

I didn't hear what she said; for a second the pressure intensified and then the glass was gone. Replacing it was the unmistakable feel of Marc's tongue taking over just as I heard the one ball drop into the pocket. 

There was a collective gasp behind us that was only drowned out by the beat dropping on the newest club song being played out in the dance area. 

Jazmine, almost immediately, disappeared from her post as security on my left. Anitra, however, stuck around. She cupped my face in her hands turning my face to hers, so our eyes were locked while Marc used his tongue to tease my clit. Softly, but very intensely, she said, "He's going to make you cum Ry."

I moaned and tried to close my eyes. It felt so fucking good. I was so wet; Anitra was definitely going to have to get the table re-topped.

"No, don't look away. I did this Ry, for you. This is your birthday present. He's going to make you cum in front of everybody. He's going to show our friends how free and shameless you really are."

"Fuck... "

"Exactly! Can you tell how much he loves it?" My face turned to look at Jazmine who had just returned. Anitra yanked my gaze back, "Your taste Ry, can you tell he loves your taste as much as I do?" she whispered.

More shivers danced down my spine and sent me careening over the edge. Years had gone by since Anitra and I had done that particular dance, still the images swirled easily and clearly in my mind. There was the time during our sophomore year of college when Anitra took me in the library during finals week. Another time she'd stayed with me at my parent's house during one of our breaks and we'd discovered that the art of 69 was the only way to keep me quiet when she was between my thighs. 

In that moment, with Marc's tongue on my clit and Anitra's words fresh in my mind every bit of energy I possessed pushed through me and out. I felt my body begin to shake uncontrollably, even then Marc didn't let up. He was still touching me and kissing my thighs. My ass was now firmly on the rails surrounding the pocket while my wetness dripped into it. 

Anitra leaned over and kissed my lips. Pulling back slightly she whispered against them as she slid a finger inside my soaked pussy, "Now Birthday Girl, Marc is going to show us all what he's packing and fill this greedy little hole up."

I stared up at her in amazement. Our eyes were so close it felt like we could see into one another's soul. She knew. She was the only one who knew. I was the shy girl. I did and could make friends easily, but my group was usually pretty small. Anitra was not like any of my other friends; she was more like a second self. She was the only one, including the few lovers that I'd had, that knew my fantasies. She was obviously the first person that knew I was bisexual. During some of our deepest conversations it came out that one of my biggest fantasies involved being able to just explore with friends, take in an orgy, and/or make my own movie with a threesome. Anitra also knew how much and often I'd fantasized about Marc.

As her tongue danced between my lips doing the same dance her finger did between my legs, I finally completely understood that I had been set up from the beginning. If I looked around the room I knew there would be only people I trusted. I also knew Anitra's trust filter was stricter than mine. I was cocooned in the freaky safe zone I'd always wanted. There was no way I could let this opportunity pass. 

Any reservations I possessed I allowed to sink back down into the tequila as I opened my legs wider. 

My reward was Nitra's laughter against my lips.

Jazmine laughed too and walked away. I believe she headed toward Dirrick, but I was completely focused on Anitra and didn't even spare a glance.

"I am going to sit here and watch you Birthday Girl. Marc is going to fuck you until you come all over his cock. You know, of course, that the show is going to make me cum. Is that what you want?"

I paused then, looking around the room: Jazmine was straddling Dirrick where he sat on one of the stools; two of Dirrick's frat brothers - Alex and Charlie - were standing in the back near the food table looking on between my cousin's Amber and Crystal; and in the corner back by the door stood three more ladies and two guys whose names I couldn't place in the moment. All looked hungry and eager for the show, just waiting for my birthday performance to begin. 

I swiveled back around, not to Anitra but to Marc, "Fuck me, please."

It was supposed to come out sultry. Instead it came out as a polite squeak. I didn't have time to focus on that though. The immediate impact of my consent was amazing. Marc slid inside of me so easy and fast I l lost my breath. 

"Damn Marc," I heard Nitra mumble as I tried to regain focus. 

I had no idea that he'd even taken his throbbing hardness out of his pants, let alone that he'd positioned himself for entry. However, Nitra had been very distracting, and Marc was known to always be prepared. 

When I could finally breathe again everything evaporated except for him. The muscles on his chest and arms rippled as he held me still while he pounded deeper and deeper inside of me. 

"Nitra told me you like it hard and rough. Is this what you've been waiting on Ry..."

I couldn't speak. Fuck yes, it was what I'd been waiting on. It had been almost a year since I'd had sex with anyone, eighteen months easy since I'd had a man actually inside of me. I was so wet, and Marc felt so good. 

Fuck. 

Yes. 

Every time I tried to move my body to fuck him back, to ride him from the bottom, he just pulled me closer and tighter. Eventually we ended up with my legs bent almost to my head. He was thrusting so hard that, even though I knew it was impossible, I was almost sure his pulsing cock was about to surge out of my stomach.

Then it started... the verbal strokes... Marc started these short bursts of deliciously nasty commentary matched only by the short stroke patterns of his tremendous cock, which felt like it was taking over every inch of my being.

"When I'm done cumming inside of you," he said on one particularly deep delving, 

"Master of Ceremonies Anitra there is going to come over and lick you clean while you suck me hard again."

On out strokes he played with my clit, sometimes roughly and sometimes gently and said things like, "Then when I'm hard again I'm going to take your ass while everybody watches. While I am opening that tight ass, you're going to thank Anitra for being such a good friend. You're going to let her come all over that sexy little mouth. She said you love when she covers your face with her juices."

My senses were being overloaded between his jackhammer fucking, his verbose visual assault and the influx of moans I started hearing around me. I could only turn my head from side to side. The audience wasn't in view so to my left I saw nothing but empty tables and to my right was - Anitra.
