 Hey there! Welcome to the second part in the Daring Birthday (Trilogy?). The second part jumps right in so if you just want stroke material no need to go back to part one. If you like a little story with your stroke and you haven't read the first part, please check it out. 

Thanks to any and all return readers.

Please remember to vote/comment/send feedback!

If you want a response from me please log in or leave an email address for me to respond to. 

Enjoy the read - I dare you!

-Wynter

*****

"You were ... mmm... you were right Nitra, she likes to watch... fuck... tooo" Jazmine moaned as she bounced up and down on her boyfriend Dirrick's cock while Dirrick's best friend Alex's tongue danced on her clit. 

It was my 30th birthday and my party was well beyond being in full swing. Marc had just fucked me through two orgasms; once with his mouth and once with this juicy cock - which still throbbed inside of me. This happened as I watched my best friend Anitra - the party planner herself - masturbate while she watched Marc and I fucking. 

As if that weren't mind blowing enough, the rest of the party guests had taken over different sections of the room; some were coupled up while some were in full threesome mode like the aforementioned Jaz, Dirrick and Alex. Sounds of sex and laughter filled the room even as the bass from the club's dance area shook the walls. 

As if trying to match the beat Marc began deep stroking inside of me once again. The sloppy wetness of my pussy was evident with each stroke and I groaned as he grabbed my waist pulling me closer as he went deeper. 

A few feet away Jaz slid down on Dirrick's cock twisting her hips on every down stroke as she placed her hands on Alex's back for balance and forced him closer to her pussy. Two orgasms, I reckoned, would not be enough as I took in the sights and sounds of my birthday oasis. 

Marc's strokes increased. I could feel his throbbing rod pounding away against my walls and I swear it felt like he was getting harder with every thrust. I couldn't tell what was revving him up more, me, the sights in the room or the fact that the closest group to us had started talking dirty. A few feet away Jazmine moaned, "Fuck me Daddy," followed by a grunting Dirrick's "Fuck, your pussy is so tight. You drive me so crazy. You dirty slut. You are even driving Alex so nuts... you have him licking your clit and my balls... man... ohhhh... fuck... fuck... fuck..."

Before I could begin to process it all Nitra was at my ear, "Damn Birthday Girl you have everybody in here going crazy. I think I am going to have to make you share though."

I wasn't sure what she meant until I felt her reach between us and slowly pull Marc's throbbing hard-on out of my sopping cunt. There was a little adjusting then three of her fingers easily slid in where his hardness had once been as her thumb pressed against my clit. As she started fingering me her tongue forced my mouth open and she proceeded to suck my tongue in rhythm to her finger's thrusts. Once we were completely in flow it took only a second for my third orgasm to start to build. The ascent hastened inside of my being as I realized that while I was reveling in the pleasure of Anitra fucking me Marc was now avidly taking her from behind.

"You guys are so fucking... hot," Jazmine mumbled. 

Jaz had never joined Anitra and I in any of our escapades, so I wasn't sure which part of the sex sandwich she was enjoying watching the most. 

I, however, was enjoying it all: the sounds in the room, knowing that Jazmine was watching us, the feeling and taste of Anitra as she fucked me, the absolutely hot sight of Marc sliding in and out of my best friend's pussy... 

Marc hit the right spot inside of Nitra. The force both lifted her out of our kiss and forced her fingers deeper and just a little roughly inside of me. My heart rate sped up and I lost my breath. Her arching exposed her left chocolate drop nipple and I circled it with my tongue before greedily pulling it roughly between my lips and teeth. 

She loved rough nipple play. She tasted so good and sweet as her moans vibrated through my core.

"Ry, I'm about to cum all over this juicy dick. Oh god... thank you, for sharing your birthday present. Fuck Marc ... harder...make us cum. She'll cum with me, she always does."

She was right, but this time I couldn't wait. It was all too much and at that moment my insides exploded, and I felt the wave crash over Anitra's pussy crushed fingers. 

"Fuck, fuck, fuck... you left me. Oh god his cock feels so gooooooddd."

There were two more strokes from Marc and then Nitra was cumming while whispering and moaning next to my ear.

Marc was still stroking slowly in and out of her wetness. He seemed to be enjoying the scenes in the room that, of the three of us, only he had full view of. He also seemed determined not to cum again just yet, but instead to enjoy the warmth of the pussy he was currently in. 

"I want to see," I said pouting.

Anitra laughed as she multitasked on getting Marc to stop stroking, while removing her hands from between my thighs, as well as finding balance on the table so I wouldn't get crushed under the weight of them both. When she succeeded Marc stepped away and she gingerly hopped up. I got up a little slower, my legs having been pressed against the rails of the table. 

"Get naked" she ordered before I could even stand straight.

I looked at her with a raised eyebrow as she dropped her skirt and came completely out of her shirt. Marc had been topless when we started and must have lost his pants the moment it was determined he was going to get to slide his glorious penis inside of me. As I finally got the chance to ogle it in full light I had to admit it was indeed as glorious as it felt; he was blessed with between 6-7 inches and a juicy thickness. 

Naked... 

I looked around and everyone was in some state of undress if not all out naked. Jazmine had on a shirt and no pants. Dirrick didn't have on pants, but still had on a shirt. Alex, who now stood in front of Jazmine feeding her his lengthy, though kind of skinny beef stick, was completely naked. The muscles in his back rippled as he flexed forward forcing all of himself inside of Jazmine's throat. She took every single inch like a champ, no coughing and minimal spit. 

I stared in awe; meanwhile Anitra took that time to undress me for herself. "I want to see you naked while you lick my pussy," she said as she closed the gap between us so her breasts rubbed against mine. "I've missed your dirty little tongue Birthday Girl."

I moaned. The way she affected me was insane. 

Anitra and I had been friends since the age of three. However, we didn't delve into the sex area of our relationship until our sophomore year of college. It was fun. It was intense and mind blowing. However, we didn't want to ruin our friendship, so we never took it further than just sex. Since then every once and awhile we'd have these random trysts, but never more. 

When we were in sex mode we drove one another completely crazy. She revved me up so much she'd once made me cum just by talking to me. I wasn't even allowed to touch myself. That orgasm still stood out as one of the most intense of my life. When we weren't in sex mode though, we were just best friends. It was a normal friendship and there was no drama, tension or angst.

Right now, sex mode was obviously on. Considering the way she had my clit throbbing I didn't know if I'd ever be able to exit this mode again.

Confirming it, she said, "It's your birthday, come eat your cake Birthday Girl" as she moved backwards. She hopped up on the pool table and slid along the rails placing herself far enough back so that when she opened her legs there was plenty of space for me to slide between them. 

Her back was to the room and though she was closest to Jazmine her complete focus was on Marc and me. 

Dutifully, I climbed onto the pool table and positioned myself partially on my knees between her thighs while she played with her clit.

I heard the scraping of a chair and some fumbling behind me and started to turn my head, "No Ry, it's time to taste," Nitra growled as she pushed my head between her thighs. Instantly I was engulfed in the scent and taste of her. I heard her first moan followed by, "Ry I'm watching him. I'm watching him watch us; I'm watching him watch you lick my pussy."

Her play-by-play was driving me mad as I brought her essence into me. I buried my face deeper as I gripped her legs to draw closer. I used my nose to push her hands away and began relentlessly teasing her clit. First, I attacked with my tongue - those easy strokes - then with the tip of my nose - and the deep massages. 

Her hips flexed, and her thighs tightened around my head, but I could still hear her as she whispered, "You know he's always wanted this. You and me. Together. With him watching. He can feel it Ry, the energy between us. He wants a taste ..." 

She was fucking my face now and we found our rhythm as I fucked her back. I felt something cool slide down my ass and then, as if in sync, two fingers slid inside my pussy just as I dipped two fingers in Anitra's walls.

"Fuck me Ry... he's watching. He wants you to use more fingers. Fuck. Suck my clit... like that, yeah..."

So hot... I was losing my mind. I was trying to focus on the deliciousness in front of me, but my body couldn't fathom not fucking back the two fingers in my pussy and the one just entering my asshole. 

Oh fuck. 

"Birthday Girl he's going to fuck your ass while I come all over your face. Are you ready Ry. God, please tell me you're ready! You're so fucking hot and his cock is right there... oh fuck, right there...fuccckkk"

Anitra moaned; her body tensing as her pussy clenched around my fingers and her wetness splashed all over me just as I felt Marc enter my ass for the first time...

"Fuck, you are so damn tight." He murmured.

Not for the first time that night Marc literally fucked me out of breath. This time the warm expulsion of air spread across Anitra's beautifully dripping, but ultra-sensitive pussy triggering minor tremors which vibrated through her body as I lay my head on her thigh.

Marc had only made it a third of the way in my tightest hole and was sweetly playing the patience game. 

I bit Anitra's thigh and she moaned, "Fuck her Marc she wants me to watch."

The moment I could fully relax my muscles and Marc eased pass that final barrier, ending up buried balls deep in my ass, was the moment I learned of heaven. I felt so gloriously taken and exposed, but also protected and cared for as Nitra played in my hair while taking two fingers she'd covered in her juices and sliding them in and out of my mouth.

"You two are so fucking hot," offered Marc as he pounded my ass." I could fuck you both all day every day."

"You think so huh," Nitra asked playfully, "You hear that Birthday Girl? Marc here thinks he can handle us. Show him he can't handle us..."

Nitra adjusted and pushed forward so her delectable scent surrounded me again. The position change left no choice but for me to start eating her pussy once more. A more apt description would be that she started fucking my face. Balancing herself on the table Nitra eagerly fucked my tongue forcing my body backwards and ultimately forcing me to push backwards along Marc's throbbing pole as he continuously fucked my ass.

I was in a sandwich being fucked from both directions and had absolutely no control. I loved every second of it. When I thought he couldn't get any deeper Marc braced one hand on my waist and one on the table rail under me then proceeded to pound me harder. The sound of his balls slapping loudly against my ass was evident throughout the whole room. Meanwhile, Nitra held my head down and fucked my face even harder, only allowing me short gulps of air here and there. 

I wondered if Marc realized that Anitra was fucking him through me. I wondered if he understood that in that moment in time she saw us all as one and she was in control. I wanted to make her cum. I wanted to cum for her. I needed to cum because Marc's dick in my ass felt glorious; the only thing that would have been better was to also have a second, thick, throbbing cock in my pussy. 

I moaned and slobbered against the delicious treat in front of me. I sucked in a deep breath before mumbling the word "more" against the soft folds of Anitra's pussy causing her to laugh as she forced her throbbing clit between my lips.

"Make me cum and you can have more. I promise."

"I can't..." Marc sputtered. He leaned forward then, driving his cock even deeper into the bowls of my ass as he reached under me to rub my clit. "Gonna cum he muttered... so fucking tight."

"Mmmm... that's it Marc fuck that ass. You've been a good boy you deserve to cum all in that slutty ass... When you want her to explode just rub that clit then squeeze... rub and squeeze as you fuck that tightness... watch her fuck you back... watch us fuck you back... oh fuck Ry... "

Think orgasmic cataclysm. 

My body shook with an intensity that defies true description. It felt like every cell vibrated at once and then split into singularities of bliss. The feeling was so intense and was only heightened by the fact that I could feel the stickiness of Anitra's most recent explosion all over my face and I could swear I felt every squirting motion as Marc emptied a gratuitous amount of cum up my ass. 

As the fog began to clear I heard rounds of clapping.

Jazmine said, "Fuck, when can the rest of us play."

Nitra giggled, and Marc stroked my ass kind of possessively. 

I wondered whose cock I could ride while Marc fucked my ass again. 

Nitra shifted forward suddenly forcing us to adjust. "Hey, anybody got the time?"

"Quarter to 2," Amber yelled from her corner of the room. From the corner of my eyes I could make out Crystal's head bobbing between Charlie's legs as he lazily played with Amber's pussy while she checked her phone for the time.

"Okay folks, five minutes to get your last nut out. I have to handle club closing business." Anitra stated, her official business tone back in place.

A pout slid across my face as Jazmine and her party started to get dressed. Following suit were Amber, Tony and Jen. Crystal upped her game on Charlie causing several "Oh fucks," and a "Goddamn girl" to escape immediately. 

Her technique was purely functional, but there was no doubt it was working. When he was close the room stood spellbound as she grabbed his hips and held on for dear life while over and over he rammed his juicy cock meat down her throat.

"You gotta swallow it, fuck..."

My breath caught as she quickly reached under him and - one can assume - slid a manicured nail up his ass. Within seconds she was gulping. Then she was pulling back to prevent herself from choking as his cock erupted everywhere.

"That was amazingly hot and annoying," Nitra proclaimed breaking the silence as she looked at the spots where part of his load had landed, "y'all are cleaning that area."

My clit throbbed as I realized I hadn't gotten to taste Marc's juicy member. I damn near exploded when I considered tasting his cock covered in Nitra's juices.

I noted the soreness of my ass as I pulled on my skirt reluctantly. I disregarded the tenderness as being completely worth it as I whispered to Nitra, "I told you I wanted more."

She turned and locked eyes with me causing that electricity between us to spark anew. "I always keep my promises." She leaned in then and touched her forehead to mine. "The night's not over, some of us are just changing locations."

I wondered what she meant as Marc pulled me back against his chest and she began to get dressed.

"You are fucking amazing. Do you know that? I swear I have another semi already just thinking about being inside of you."

I felt myself blushing and ducked my head. The shyness evaporated as I realized I had not only just had no holds barred sex with this man, but I had done so in front of a room full of people, while they were doing their own naughty deeds. I eased back into his embrace and responded, "You felt pretty amazing yourself. Just wish I had gotten to taste you."

"Ahhh, the night is still young. I'm hoping I get to taste that glorious ass of yours. I was dreaming about it as I watched you slide back and forth on my cock. Every second was a battle not to just instantly explode inside of you."

"Fuck," was the only word I could manage.

"Go have a seat woman. Jaz and I are going to help get this all cleaned up and then Nitra and I are going to get you out of here."

I smiled, "Yes, but out of here to where exactly?"

He winked at me before sliding his shirt over his head as he walked toward Jazmine.

To Be Continued...