 "Are you ready?" I asked while flipping the car keys around my index finger. I kept my eyes on Amy's, wanting to be sure.

She took a deep, trembling breath, and nodded. "I think so."

"Still time to back out." I leaned in, dragging my free hand along the delicate arch of her jaw. She tipped into my touch, beautifully dark eyes staring right into my soul.

"I'm nervous," she admitted, "but I don't want to back out."

"Alright," I responded. I stepped back to get a better look. My pet was decked out to the nines, dressed in her black mini and a white blouse unbuttoned halfway down. Her smooth white skin wore a slight pink flush, as did her cheeks and neck. How I loved to kiss that elegant expanse. I reined in the desire, while I watched her finish adjusting her ponytail. Her long, already dark hair had been dyed an almost-black, and though she worried it was too dark, I personally loved it. Around her neck sat a delicate silver chain with an elephant pendant; matching earrings dangled above. A black leather collar, thin and set with a silver padlock, also rested around her slim throat. A silver ring sat on the ring finger of either hand; one glimmered with a pale blue stone, the other carried a small diamond. Open-toed sandals that added a few inches to her short frame completed the ensemble. I turned to open the door, and then stopped with a grin. "Lift the skirt," I commanded.

"I thought you wanted to go," she protested.

"I do." Ignoring her delays, I stepped closer and pulled up the mini. I was right about what I thought I'd find; a delicate white thong that was already stained wet with her juices. I pressed the cold metal keys between her legs, savoring her soft hiss. I couldn't wait any longer and dove for her lips. My tongue snaked between and we kissed hungrily, drowning in one another as I grabbed the ponytail and held her to me. She whimpered and I growled, our lust and love a tangled song. The keys weren't cold for long, quickly reaching the temperature of a very warm body.

Finally I pulled away, licking her taste from my lips. I let her skirt drop and tried to hide the catch in my voice. "Time to go." I held the door, being a gentleman. She smiled and blushed again, and stepped out. I locked the door behind us, and we walked hand-in-hand to my car.

The night, hot and humid, was overcast, with thunderstorms rumbling in the distance. A few stars sparkled through the city lights. Northampton bustled with the sound of cars and traffic tonight, though the heavy atmosphere kept things muted. Full of potential and energy, the air hung thick in my lungs, and a tremble touched my hand when I opened the car door for my pet. For us, tonight was a new beginning. A fresh start. And something to be both savored and feared. Amy hopped in, demurely keeping her legs closed as she settled in. I shut the door behind her and walked around to my side, nodding a hello to one of the other apartment complex dwellers who was still eyeing my pet. I checked out my reflection in the window before getting in on my side; reddish hair and goatee, blue eyes Amy insisted went gray at particular times, and a body that I was returning to the definition I'd had at 20, just 6 years earlier. I wore khakis and a green button-down shirt that I kept mostly up, despite the heat. I didn't look bad, if I did say so myself, but I knew I wasn't a match compared to my pet's bonfire. A moment to put on seatbelts and we were off.

The highway was quiet tonight, something I was thankful for. One hand on the steering wheel and the other on the thigh of my lover, occasionally higher, and a million different thoughts running through my head, added up to my mind not being entirely on the road. And we had a long way to go; more than a hundred miles to Providence, and Dark House. It was a long time to think, and rethink, and doubt. Amy kept her hand over mine. Her fingers squeezed and relaxed rhythmically, and I knew she was as nervous as I was, though for slightly different reasons. But tonight was for us both, and I wanted her relaxed.

"Here." I slipped her the icy silver flask I'd packed deliberately before we left; she took it and laughed.

"I thought you wanted us sober and aware of what we were doing?"

"I do. But I don't want you having a panic attack either." I laughed and gave her a quick smile before turning back to the road. "There's not enough in there to get you anywhere near drunk, even on an empty stomach." I could hear the tinny rasp of the flask being uncapped, and then silence as she sipped the chilled peppermint schnapps. The Doctor could soothe any nerves; in fact, Dr. McGillicuddy schnapps was responsible for us getting together in the first place. I always carried a flask of the liquor with me when I went out to a bar or a party. It soothed a nervous stomach, it was sweet enough that any woman could drink it straight, and it did a wonderful job of loosening inhibition. I'd gone to a party at a new friend's apartment, where I knew almost no one. I'd met Amy once or twice before, and she'd attracted me then. This whole night ended up being spent in flirtation and long talks, and I quickly came to the realization that I was falling for her. That quickly, I knew what I wanted. I wanted her. And I got her. First as my lover, then as my submissive, and now as my partner and girlfriend. It'd been a long and rocky road, and we were still just starting out.

She went to hand back the flask and I shook my head no. "Keep it. The last thing we need tonight is for that to fall out of my pocket if we get pulled over."

"How much longer?"

"Another hour or so. Feeling okay?"

"Yes." I could hear the tremor in her voice and I commented on it. She didn't bother with denials. "I'm a little nervous. Are you sure you want me to do this?"

I gave her a quick look. "I'll be right there with you," I reminded her, "and I doubt you'll be the only one doing anything."

"No, I know. But there's going to be a lot of attention focused on me. And we've already put each other through so much. I don't want to do this unless you're sure."

"I'm sure." I looked at her directly, keeping only half an eye on the road and the passing cars. "I mean, you're right. It's not an easy decision for me. But after everything that's happened, we're finally together. Why not, if not to make fantasies come true? Not just ones like this, of course. There are hundreds of things that I want to do together. But lust is one of the reasons we're who we are. It needs to be celebrated, and nurtured. I think we're ready."

She squeezed my hand harder, and pulled it further up her thigh. "I do too. I just wanted to make sure."

"Just don't forget who you belong to."

Bringing my fingers to her lips, she kissed each one softly before placing my hand right against her hot mound. "I couldn't." I squeezed my fingers around her heat, curling them into her sex and she pressed against me, eager and wet.

The rest of the ride was spent in close to silence, with Amy only pointing out the rights and lefts I needed after I left the highway. Finally we arrived at our location, a brightly lit commercial building that looked almost like a dance club. It shared a few traits with that kind of business, like intimacy, groups of people, et cetera. Things went a little further at Dark House, however. We sat in silence for a minute, watching two other couples and a single woman enter. Eyebrows up in question, I looked at my pet. "Ready?" She nodded, took a deep breath, and stepped out. I followed suit.

We walked quickly to the door, my arm around Amy's waist and trying not to gawk too much. I knocked on the door and only waited a moment before a well-dressed gentleman in his early forties opened it and smiled. "Invitations, please?" His voice was polite and very pleasant. I handed him the two cards for us, unconsciously pulling Amy closer to my side as I did. He inspected the cards closely, asked to see our ID's (I already had them in hand), and then handed all four items back to me. "Excellent! Please come in." We walked inside and he held out a hand for me to shake. "I'm Frederick."

His handshake was firm and dry. I hoped mine presented itself as well. "Nathaniel. This is my pet, Amy."

Eyes wandered over her appreciatively before he raised her hand and kissed it gently. "Wonderful to meet you both. It's always a pleasure to have new guests. There's another first-time couple here already; I'm sure you'll meet them before the night is out. Would you like the tour?"

"Very much," I responded. "We checked out the website, but you can't tell much from that, of course."

"No, you certainly can't," he agreed. "Well, this is the foyer. Not much to see here, I'm afraid. To the right are the changing rooms, and a men's and ladies' room as well. There's no play in those rooms, to keep everyone as comfortable as possible. To the left is our dance floor, where you can see a few members already making themselves at home."

Indeed. A large soundsystem thumped its base in the corner of the room, a great sound without vibration or buzz, and a few lights flashed rhythmically on the ceiling. A couple writhed on the hardwood floor, grinding on one another like they were trying to start a fire via friction—which, I thought as I laughed to myself, wasn't that far from the truth. Amy's hand tightened on mine as she saw the woman's breasts already free of their blouse. Two single men were watching appreciably, and even as we observed them another couple went hand-in-hand to the floor and started dancing rather well to the hiphop beat.

Frederick coughed politely to get our attention and led us through the door into the room, and out the other side, where we saw a scene that made both of our jaws drop. In front of a large screen television playing a high quality pornographic film were two couples and one threesome making enthusiastic noises and even more graphic movements. The movie was muted, allowing us to hear the moans of the women at the center of the attention. One, a good looking blonde woman in her thirties, was doing her best to inhale the thick cock of the young white man kneeling over her face, while between her legs a heavyset black man snaked his tongue deep into her shaven cunt. The two couples were side by side, women on their backs and the men fucking them kneeling between. The two women, both with dark hair, one young and one older, were holding hands as they got fucked. By the looks of their partners, they'd traded playmates for the night; at least, the guy fucking the older woman's unshaven pussy was young enough to be her son, and the older guy nailing the college-aged girl wore a wedding ring and she didn't. Funny the things you notice.

"This is the playroom," Frederick told us without cracking a smile.

I didn't have that kind of self-control, and I grinned. "Really? Are you sure?" Amy was silent, staring at the show and biting her lower lip. I got hard more at the sight of her drinking everything in than I did the naked, writhing people in front of me.

Frederick laughed. "Yes, I'm sure. You can play with anyone here, no questions asked. Other than yes or no, of course. But this room is our most relaxed, our most casual. There's no theme, or limits on play—apart from no watersports or scat, of course. Those things don't go well in the group setting."

"We're not here for either," I assured him.

"Excellent. If you'll follow me..."

He showed us the Harem; silks and flowing curtains, soft music playing in the background. The Apiary; a lush, jungle setting filled with heavy plants and the sounds of running water and bird song. The Nunnery; a church-themed room, complete with pews and a confessional. That one made Amy burst out laughing, and I joined her. And a Dungeon, complete with suspension gear, a horse, a cross, and bed with no less than eight bondage points. I made a note to spend quite a bit more time in that particular room, on future visits.

And then there was just one last room. Frederick pulled open the curtains to a room filled with what I figured had to be more than fifteen or twenty naked bodies, all doing things to and with one another. I slid my hand down the back of Amy's skirt and squeezed her ass hard while we watched in silence.

"The Space," Frederick called it quietly. "No rules. No games. Virtually no talking, no discussion. Just play. In the middle you'll see Mary, half of the other new couple here tonight. Across the room there, eating out my wife Helen, is her husband, Tom. They've only been here an hour or so. Is this what you were looking for?"

I cleared my throat before I could speak. "Yes. This is what we were looking for." Amy nodded without words.

"I'm glad," Frederick replied, and I could tell by his voice he was sincere. "We want all our guests happy. Too many people in this world are not. Too caught up in one another and themselves. They just hurt each other." Amy and I exchanged a silent, knowing glance. "Here, we provide a safe haven for fantasies, and play, and time to get to know one another. We are a refuge." He turned to me. "And now, if you don't mind, I'd very much like to make love to your fiancée."

"So would I," I responded with a little smile, as I pulled up her skirt and tried to ignore my pounding heart. Amy's eyes never left mine as she reached for both my hand and his. "But tonight she's not my fiancée, she's my slut. And you would be more than welcome to help yourself."

I pressed my lips to my pet's, forcing my tongue between, and I kissed her with all the fury and passion bottled up during our two short years together, all our times of strife and passion. She mewed and shifted against me, stepping out of her thong as Frederick pulled them down. And then he pressed against her from behind, his hands on her hips right next to mine, and I found I didn't mind. What little part of my mind remained sane and rational wondered at my relaxed state; the rest didn't care. My pet's mouth tasted like peppermint and sin, her body felt like fire.

Breaking the kiss, I forced her to her knees, where she fumbled with both of our zippers at once. Her eyes were glazed over, and the tip of her tongue kept running back and forth again across her silky lips. Frederick and I obliged her, unbuttoning our trousers and pushing them down. Like me he wore boxers, and again like me he was cut, though his cock was shorter and thicker than mine. Amy started on mine first, sliding my cock into her mouth and down into her throat in a single thrust, tilting her head back so she could stare into my eyes as she did so. She held herself there until her gag reflex kicked in and then she went back up, long strands of saliva connecting us. They hung there still when she took Frederick's cockhead into her mouth with a hungry moan that sent shivers down my spine. He groaned with her as her velvet tongue stroked down the length of his rapidly hardening shaft and back up again, back down and back up. My pet was in heaven, and I knew it as well as she did. And still I didn't mind. I wanted my slut happy. I wanted to give her everything. And as her head bobbed back and forth on first one cock and then the other, her tiny fists wrapped around two hard shafts, I knew this was only the beginning.

Amy's oral talents have always been phenomenal, and I don't think it ego that makes me believe I have helped her improve on them. So with the background images burning themselves into my eyes and the sight of her bobbing between my cock's and Frederick's like a ravenous slut, I found the cum boiling in my balls in no time. But I wasn't ready to let go just yet, and stepped back to watch her perform. She whimpered a little at the loss of one of her playthings, but devoted herself utterly to sucking the other man.

"Feel free to get a little rough and choke her," I advised him. "That's how she likes it." I stroked the sticky wet mess she'd made of my dick and watched him impale her on his thick shaft. He had to go slow, pushing down on the back of her skull, hand wrapped around her pretty ponytail, until he finally squeezed into her throat. Amy immediately began to thrash and squirm, and pulled away to drip heavy trails of saliva onto her previously spotless blouse. She took a deep, ragged breath and looked over at me, eyes burning, before swallowing her new friend's cock again. One hand reached up to stroke his shaved balls; the other, I saw, had her skirt hiked up and was busy plunging two fingers in and out of her soaked cunt at a pace I'd rarely seen.

A pop resounded when Frederick pulled free of her lips to rub his glistening shaft all along my slut's face. She loved the attention, eyes half-closed and glazed, pursing her lips and dripping more heavy beads of saliva on his dick any time it was in reach. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue, pleading for him to stick it back in; tangles of hair were matted to her cheeks, her lipstick was smeared all the way down to her chin. He obliged her desires.

I couldn't handle watching her without being involved, I found, so I stepped back over and took over the grip on her ponytail. I didn't let her pull off Frederick's dick before I pushed mine into her mouth right next to his. Dark eyes stared up at me in shock, and spit bubbles formed between her lips and the two shafts forcing her mouth wide open. Now that I thought about it, I may never even have suggested such an act was possible. And while I wasn't sure I enjoyed the feel of another man's cock against mine, I did enjoy the look of unadulterated lust on my slut's face. I pushed in and forced her mouth even wider, until she groaned in pain. Her tongue moved only a little bit, rubbing the undersides of the two cocks in her mouth, and I swear her eyes rolled back in her head as she savored the taste.

Frederick pulled back and looked at me, panting hard. Dots of perspiration glistened on his brow, but otherwise he seemed pretty under control. "Condoms?" he asked.

I nodded. "Protected sex only. But you can cum in her mouth when you're done."

"Why don't we move over to the couch?" he suggested. "Works for me," I replied, and I pulled hard on Amy's ponytail. Scrambling to her feet, clutching my sides for balance, she tottered for balance while I dragged her over to the overstuffed tan couch. I sat down and pushed my pants lower. Amy went to climb on top and I pushed her back. "No. Stand up and bend over." Back around my cock went her lips, hands pressed to the couch for balance. Frederick walked up behind her, rubber-covered shaft bobbing with each step. He was a bit shorter than me and so had an easier time lining up. The sucking action of my pet's lips sped up when his hands caressed her hips, and he pushed inside in one easy motion. He whistled, making a few people nearby look over and laugh. "Jesus, she's soaked."

"Yeah, that happens." My voice was hoarse and my heart raced, to the point where I could feel the rush of blood pulsing in my hard dick. Lost in lust, Amy paid no attention to his words. Never had she sucked me so furiously and I knew that we'd found a new part of her soul, as Frederick began his long, slow fuck of her eager cunt. I settled back deeper on the couch, keeping one hand wrapped tightly around the base of my cock. Right next to me an balding, overweight man sat with a woman I guessed to be his wife riding his dick. She was a bit overweight herself, a platinum-dyed blonde with heavy breasts I figured most men would find attractive, though she didn't do anything for me. I'd guess they were both in their mid-thirties, but the woman fucked like an enthusiastic college girl, grinding down on his cock as though wanting to eat him alive. The guy saw me watching and held out his hand. "Phil."

"Nate." I shook it.

"This is Tammy."

"Hi," she said breathlessly, giving me a smile. "Pinch my nipple, would you?"
