 I’m in my late twenties now, and married. We don’t have kids yet, and aren’t really worrying about it. We’re just fucking a lot. Actually, I have fucked a lot all my adult life; at least since I was eighteen. 

I remember that because I remember the first cock I ever had inside me, and it was on my eighteenth birthday. I thought of it as my birthday present to myself. I actually don’t remember the boy’s name, but I sure remember his penis. We were at my house. My parents weren’t home. I have a big sister, but this was her first semester away at college. I had seen my big sister have sex once, a few weeks earlier. In fact, that’s kind of what gave me the idea.

I had gotten off school early that day; it was a testing day; and I guess my sister didn’t know I was coming home. When I came into the house there was loud music on the stereo. I went to turn it off and saw that there was a video still playing in the VCR. It was a porn flick: two naked girls with really big tits were on all fours, facing each other, sucking on each others tongues and playing with each others’ tits and crotches while these two guys with enormous cocks fucked them from behind. The girls looked like they were orgasming constantly. 

I sat down on the couch to watch. I pulled up my skirt and slid my hand into my panties to stroke my hot little vagina, which was already dripping wet. I always did get aroused pretty easily. This wasn’t the first time I had masturbated. I had stroked myself to orgasm many times, laying in my bed at night, my fingers in my pussy, thinking about sucking cock and letting boys fuck me. But this was the first time I had ever masturbated in the living room, where anybody could see me. 

I felt really nasty, doing it kind of in public like that. And as I watched the fucking, I got hornier and hornier. I didn’t care what happened. I just wanted to get myself hotter and hotter, like the people in the movie. There was a clip in the movie of a girl stripping nude and masturbating herself to orgasm. I wanted to be just like her! I squirmed out of my clothes and lay on the couch completely nude, working my fingers back and forth across my clitoris and in and out of my pussy.

I started to feel myself getting close to cumming. But then, as I played with my pussy and watched the sex, I suddenly realized that some of the gasping and moaning I was hearing wasn’t comingfrom the television set. I sneaked upstairs, which is where the sound seemed to be coming from, and peeked into the open door of my sister’s room. 

There was my sister, stark naked, working her cunt up and down on her boyfriend’s big, erect penis. She was sitting facing away from him, so I could see his testicles squirm as my sister plunged her vagina up and down on his dick! Her pussy was wet and swollen. I could see the tip of her clitoris peek out each time she gyrated her naked pelvis up and down on his penis. Every now and then he’d reach 

around to squeeze and caress her tits as they fucked. 

This was better than the movie. I was still naked, and horny as all hell. I positioned myself where I could see everything clearly, then slid down onto the floor, and, leaning against the hallway wall, began to masturbate in earnest while I watched them. They seemed to fuck forever. I orgasmed three times, squirming all over the hallway, before they finally came, and it was hard work to keep from screaming out in pleasure as I felt those waves of sexual ecstasy jolt through me again and again. 

My sister ended up on her back on the bed, her boyfriend on his knees, pushing his penis in and out of her as her body jerked and spasmed in pleasure! She finally screamed and collapsed, gasping, and pleaded to her boyfriend to cum inside her, He grunted and panted, fucked as fast as he could, and finally squirted his sperm up into her pussy. 

I snuck away downstairs as fast as I could, got dressed, and went outside. I farted around for a while in the yard, then rang the doorbell. My sister answered in her bathrobe. I told her I’d forgotten my key. She was all casual as she introduced me to her boyfriend. I couldn’t help but giggle when we shook hands. He thought I was shy. Actually, I was thinking about his big, hard prick sliding in and out of my sister’s wet pussy.

But I digress. So it was my eighteenth birthday. I was a senior in high school. My parents were out and I invited this guy to come in. We made out on the couch for a while; he sucked on my tongue and played with my breasts through my dress. I really liked that. It made me think about sex. I decided to take the big plunge and began feeling his cock through his pants. It was thick and warm and hard. 

He reached under my shirt to take off my bra. I helped him, slipping out of the shirt. My skirt was up around my waist by this time, and my pussy was so wet it was soaking my panties. I kept playing with his cock. He was sucking on my nipples and stroking my thighs. I took his hand and moved it up to my cunt. I heard him gasp as he felt how wet and hot my crotch was. When he began stroking my pussy through my panties, I moaned “Yes!” and arched my back to press my cunt against his hand. 

I was fiddling with his pants, trying to get them open. Finally I got the button and zipper undone. He lifted his ass so I could slide his pants and underwear off. His cock just popped out. It was beautiful! Thick and hard and erect! I masturbated it while he played with my breasts. 

I loved the feel of it; so firm and hot and pulsing!I stroked his penis till he asked me to stop.He said he was going to cum if I kept it up. That was fine with me. I wanted to see him cum! I didn’t think about the fact that he’d he’d lose his erection. I just wanted to see him squirt his sperm! It just felt so nasty! But he was a nice guy. I was lucky. He had had sex before, I later found out, with an older woman who had taught him to give a girl pleasure.

He asked me if I wanted it in my mouth. That sounded great to me! I laid down on the couch, and as he masturbated me with one hand, he put his erect penis against my face and brushed it against my open lips! I took hold of that delicious, hard cock and kissed and and licked and sucked to my heart’s content!

Before the afternoon was over, his dick was inside my pussy and we were fucking our brains out! It was my first penis, and it was wonderful! I was very tight, but it wasn’t painful. There was no problem with my virginity. I had masturbated so much in my young life that I taken care of that myself with my fingers a long time ago. 

I loved the feeling of that hot shaft sliding up into me! It stroked places inside my vagina that I had never touched with my fingers! It stroked places inside me I never even dreamed existed! We fucked every which way that afternoon, but my favorite position was sitting on top, where I could control the movements of my pussy on his cock, and give myself the sweetest hot, sexual sensations! That was how I orgasmed, finally, about eight times, sitting on his dick, moving my pussy and clit against him, playing with my nipples as he pulled my asshole open and wave after wave of exquisite pleasure coursed through me! 

He didn’t cum inside me. He was afraid I’d get pregnant. So after I had orgasmed my brains out, he asked me to suck his cock to orgasm. Anything sexual sounded wonderful to me at that point. So I took big, hard dick and worked my lips and tongue over the head of it until he squirted a hot stream of sperm into my mouth! I loved it! It almost made me cum again! 

But I didn’t want to swallow his sperm. I had this crazy notion that it might get me pregnant. So I kind of spat most of out it all over his cock and balls and rubbed my face in it. Then I kissed the him and pushed a little of his own cum into his mouth with my tongue. He loved it, and so did I.

We both fell asleep after that. When we woke up, about twenty minutes later, we fucked again. And I decided, right then and there, that I was going to get as much fucking and sucking as I possibly could. 

After that, I was completely hooked on sex. That guy (whose name I can never remember!) and I fucked almost every day for a couple of months, at my house, before my parents got home. But after a while, we kind of drifted apart; all we had in common, really, was sex. I started to get very curious about what another, different, cock might feel like in my pussy. So I began, as they say, to sleep around. 

Of course, it wasn’t sleeping. It was fucking. Every time I had an opportunity to get a hard penis into my wet little cunt, I took it. I had sex with a lot of different guys. Not every guy was as good as that first one, though. I kind of formed a policy for sex: if a guy could give me orgasms, especially multiple orgasms, I’d let him fuck me as much as he wanted. But if he couldn’t make me cum, I’d drop him. 

In the course of all this, I learned new ways to fuck. I became very fond of sixty-nining; if I was trying to get an orgasm and ordinary fucking wasn’t working, I would lay on my back and ask whatever boy I was fucking to lick my vagina. Then, when he climbed on top of me, I’d squirm around til I could get his cock in my mouth and suck like a baby while he ate my pussy. I loved doing that, and still do. It just feels so deliciously nasty to have a big, hard dick head in my mouth while my cunt lips and clitoris are getting stimulated! Sometimes I’d have to show the guy where my clit was, and tell him how to lick it. I wasn’t very subtle, but I didn’t care, because it usually brought me to a really yummy orgasm!

Then, just a few months into that school year, I discovered girls! I was on the soccer team, which I hated, in a way, because it cut into my after-school sex time. On the other hand, I figured that, running around in front of the whole school in shorts and a sports bra, I could probably get some hot guys. Which I did. 

One afternoon I stayed out on the field late (talking to a boy who’d been watching me, actually) and when I came into the locker room, I got the surprise of my life. There were two of the girls on the 

team kissing each other in the horniest possible way! I felt, first,a sudden rush of sexual excitement, then, an almost irresistable urge to join them! But instead I hid behind a column, slid my hand down my gym shorts and into my panties, and rubbed my clitoris as I watched them suck on each others’ tongues. 

When one girl slipped off her T-shirt so the other could kiss her breasts, I thought I’d cum! I wondered wildly if they were going to strip naked and lick each other’s pussies right there in front of me! But they didn’t. After the the one girl sucked the other’s nipples for a minute, they hastily dressed again and walked out of the locker room holding hands. I was panting with excitement! I felt just wildly horny! I had to cum! 

I didn’t care who saw me, or if I got caught! I peeled off all my clothes, sat down right there on the locker room floor, and, for the first time in a long time, stuck my finger up my wet, overheated little pussy and masturbated myself until I had an orgasm that jolted every cell in my body! I shook with so much pleasure that I completely forgot where I was while the orgasm lasted! 

After I finished cumming, I sat there on the floor for a while, covered with sweat, panting, then I got up, showered, got dressed, and went home. I thought about that afternoon a lot afterwards. I’d see the two girls who had been kissing and I’d imagine them naked together. It would make my vagina wet just thinking about it. One evening after soccer practice I hung around the locker room, hoping to catch those two girls making out again. But they left early (together) and I decided to just shower and call it quits. 

Suddenly I heard a girl’s voice whispering in my ear. I recognized it as Jeanelle, one of the girls on the team.

“I saw what you did here the other day.” 

I was suddenly alarmed. I had been wondering if anyone had seen me. 

“I saw what you did.” Jeanelle whispered again. I could feel the warmth of her body behiund me, of her breath on my ear.“And you know what? After you left, I did the same thing!” 

Her voice was hoarse with arousal! She wanted me! She wanted to have sex with me! I was suddenly filled with lust! 

“Let’s do it together!” she whispered. She pressed her body against my back. It felt like she was naked! Then her hands were on me, stroking my hips and sides. She slid her hands under my shirt and stroked up to my breasts. I could feel how hard my nipples were, and when she lifted my shirt and began to stroke my breasts, my pussy suddenly got so hot that I could feel my own dampness between my legs. I gasped with excitement as she kissed and nuzzled my neck andher hands explored and squeezed my breasts! 

I turned around. She was naked, from the waist up, anyway. I wriggled out of my shirt and stood facing her, openmouthed with desire. She gazed into my eyes, then, caressing and fondling my hard nipples, kissed me deeply. I kissed her back, sucking on her tongue and probing her soft, warm mouth. I could taste her lipstick, which was somehow intensely arousing. My hands roamed all over her body. I felt between her legs. I could feel the sexual heat and moisture right through her shorts. Suddenly she pulled away.

“We can’t do this here.” she said, “The matron will be here to clean up in ten minutes.” 

She was right.

“Come to my house. “ she said, “My mom won’t be home for another hour.”

We showered, got dressed, and set out for her house. 

Jeanelle only lived a few blocks away. We talked on the way. She asked me how long I had known that I liked girls.

“About two days.” We laughed. I asked her the same question. She told me that she had discovered her lesbian tendencies after her parents got divorced, about three months ago. Her Aunt Ellen was staying at the house to help her mom through the divorce. Aunt Ellen wasn’t really her aunt. She was really just a longtime friend of her mother’s. She was a little younger than her mom. 

Jeanelle was upset a lot that year because of the divorce, and sometimes she did some things that she would never normally do. One morning she got angry at one of her teachers, and at lunchtime she left school in a rage and walked home. By the time she got home she realized that if her mom was there, she’d be in big trouble, so she let herself into the house very, very quietly. Her plan was, if anyone was home, she’d leave just as quietly and walk back to school. But when she got into the house, she heard a voice, which she recognized as Aunt Ellen’s:

“That’s right, sweetie. Oh, yes, just like that! Oh my! Oh God! Oh, sweetheart, you are so good!” 

Jeanelle wondered what was going on. Her first thought was that Aunt Ellen had a man in the house. Jeanelle crept on tiptoes to Aunt Ellen’s room and peeked in. To her enormous surprise, there was Aunt Ellen wearing nothing but a bra, sitting on the edge of the bed, legs spread open while another naked woman, who Jeanelle had never seen before, was on her hands and knees in front her, licking her Aunt Ellen’s vagina!

Jeanelle felt a rush of sexual excitement! She watched for a few minutes, then went back to school, but she thought all day about Aunt Ellen naked, legs spread, another nude woman kissing her cunt. By the end of the school day, Jeanelle was just about ready to masturbate, whcich she did, as soon as she got home. And, as she fantasized about her mom’s lesbian friend and played with her own hot little pussy and clitoris, she hatched a plan. 

That Saturday Jeanelle’s mom had to work, so Jeanelle was home alone with Aunt Ellen. Aunt Ellen didn’t like to wear a lot of clothes around the house; she usually just wore a bathrobe, or sometimes panties and a T-shirt. When she knew Aunt Ellen was awake, Jeanelle, who had just taken a shower, wrapped herself in a towel and sat on the side of her bed and pretended to cry. She didn’t have to pretend very hard. Since the divorce she was on the edge of tears a lot of the time anyway, so she made herself think about the divorce and her dad and the teacher who had been mean to her, and everything else she could to make herself sad, and pretty soon she was actually crying. Loudly. Within minutes Aunt Ellen rushed into her bedroom in her bathrobe.

“Oh, sweetie! What’s the matter?” Aunt Ellen sat down next to Jeanelle and took her in her arms. She held her and rocked her back and forth as Jeanelle sobbed. Jeanelle put her arms around Aunt Ellen and pressed her face against the older woman’s chest. She could feel the softness of Aunt Ellen’s large, full breasts against her cheek. She nuzzled against Aunt Ellen’s robe, rubbing her face against it as if she were wiping off the tears, but the effect of her rubbing was, the robe fell open, and Jeanelle’s face ended up resting against the soft, warm skin of the woman’s big, full tits. 

At the same time Jeanelle squirmed around in such a way that her towel slipped off. Aunt Ellen had been stroking her back in a motherly way, but as soon as the towel dropped, Jeanelle thought she felt a difference in the way the older woman was stroking her. She began to feel a heat and a tingling coming from Aunt Ellen’s body. Aunt Ellen began breathing harder. Suddenly there was sweat on the warm skin of the older woman’s soft, firm tits. 

Jeanelle’s own vagina had been quivering and hot ever since she got her face against the naked skin of Aunt Ellen’s tits. She began exploring Aunt Ellen’s breasts with her face, rubbing all over them. The robe slipped completely off Aunt Ellen’s shoulders. Jeanelle began kissing the soft skin of the older woman’s breasts. She found one of her big, hard nipples and began sucking and nibbling it. 

Aunt Ellen was saying: “Oh sweetie! Oh honey! Are you sure you want to do this?” but at the same time she was stroking Jeanelle’s bare skin, working her hands under the towel to feel the girl’s hot little ass cheeks. Tingles of excitement were going all through Jeanelle’s body. She wanted to eat the other woman’s cunt! She wanted to do exactly what she’d seen the other woman do! She wanted to make Aunt Ellen cum, to hear her scream in orgasm, then lean back, naked, horny and hot, and let the older woman bring her to orgasm too!

The robe and towel were gone by this time. Jeanelle squirmed down in front of Aunt Ellen, pushed her face between her open legs, and kissed her hot, wet, open, naked pussy! It was like heaven! Aunt Ellen moaned and her body jerked with pleasure as Jeanelle rubbed her hungry lips and tongue over her hot, aroused vulva! She even pulled the skin back off her clit so the younger woman could lick it more easily! And within minutes Aunt Ellen screamed, collapsed on the bed, and spasmed and jerked and moaned as Jeanelle made her cum again and again! 

Then, after a little rest, Aunt Ellen went to work on Jeanelle, licking and kissing all over her body, even turning her over to nibble her ass cheeks and tongue her quivering brown asshole, but mostly kissing and fondling and sucking her hot little nipples and cunt lips and clit, til Jeanelle seemed to burst with sexual pleasure, orgasming more times than she had ever thought possible.

Afterwards they lay together, kissing and talking for a long time. 

“Don’t tell your mom about this, sweetie.” Aunt Ellen said, “She’d kill me.”

There was no problem with that. Jeanelle was pretty sure her mom would kill her, too, if she ever found out.

By the time Ellen finished her story, we were at her house. The instant we got in the door, Jeanelle pulled down my top and began licking and sucking my nipples! I loved it! It sent tingles all through me! Especially through my cunt! After that story I was so ready for lesbian sex! Jeanelle kissed me and licked me and fondled me all over, stripping off all my clothes as she made love to my tits and ass and tummy and thighs and pussy lips and clit! 
