 In the shadows, she waited, hungered. She saw him stroll by, his eyes searching the crowded sidewalk. Her hands stroked once down her body as she watched him, the one who looked for her. They were supposed to meet - an innocent encounter to see the festival. He didn't know she thought of him as more than friend. He only saw her innocence.

Untouched but not unknowing, she chuckled now. As with everything in her world, sex was studied, researched, picked apart and analyzed. Until tonight she hadn't felt it, but she knew the mechanics. She knew the anatomy of the male, the heavy sacs that hung low below the shaft that jutted from his groin. She knew the things he liked - pictures of the women he whose bodies he admired, movies showing the way to pleasure him, videos showing all the ways to mate. Now that the darkness pulsed inside her, she knew the power to take him and show him all she had studied.

He strolled back towards her alley and she stepped briefly into the light, to take his arm, to stop his movement. He looked at her in surprise and she smiled a toothy grin. "Come with me," she purred, her dark blue eyes fixed on his green ones.

"But..." he started, looking towards the crowds, the fun.

"Come with me," she repeated, stepping close to hide the way her hand stroked his groin. His eyes widened, darkened from moss to hunter. Another stroke of her hand and she felt him harden, swell, and smiled again.

He allowed her to guide him into the darkness, into the alley. She felt her pulse beat under her skin, her body throbbing with desire, hotter than the sun. Once enveloped in shadow, she pushed him against the brick and plastered her body against his. 

Her mouth sought his hungrily. He held back at first. He didn't recognize this part of her, didn't understand the darkness that now consumed her. The kiss deepened, her mouth opened, then his. Her breath became his breath. Her scent enveloped him. Her teeth nipped his bottom lip, causing a brief flash of pain. He gasped, started to push her away, until his eyes met hers - and he looked deep into her dark eyes and saw the lust. It drew him even as he denied it. 

In her eyes he could see the promises, the seduction. Her hands on his, her body hot on his. He could see her mouth on him, performing dark deeds, arousing him to the point of pain. He could see his mouth on her, savoring, feasting, driving her into screams of need. He could see his cock plunge into her, see her body bow with the violence of it, see her surrender to his male power. And he could see his body clench as he came, exploding with pleasure, darkness spilling from his penis, filling her with his seed.

Fire ignited low in his belly as he gave himself to her desire. He savored the feel of her body against his, the tremors she couldn't stop, the heat of her skin as he brushed his fingertips over her cheek, her neck. Her fingers curled in the waist of his pants as she strained against him, her mouth hot and wet. The tip of his tongue teased hers, tasting her. She arched against him, breathless, panting. "More," she gasped and his mouth met hers greedily.

He was stunned by her boldness, aroused by the hot passion of her moves. They were practically in public and she was all over him. She had been so shy, so innocent. Now she was a succubus, tempting him to damnation. She rocked her belly against his groin as her mouth teased his, his cock swelling fat with desire between them. His hands closed on her hips, adding a thrust of his own hips to encourage her, moving a hand to her ass to guide her rhythm. Her hands curled in his hair as her lips opened on his, as their tongues danced in tune with their bodies. Sweetness, he was drowning in her sweetness as the darkness closed in.

He was big. It was all her aching body could take, to feel him growing against her belly. Her hands cupped his head as she tasted his mouth, eagerly feasting on him, seducing him into more. Her hands slid lower, pushing up his shirt as she tore her mouth from his and nipped at his chest, his belly. He groaned, a husky sound of pleasure, and her hands streaked to his belt. 

A tug, a fumble, another tug and his pants were open, his fat head exposed already. She knelt, dragged his pants, his boxers to his knees and exposed the rest - the thick, rigid flesh straining towards her, engorged, the bulging sacs hanging heavily beneath. Yes. He was a big man and she hungered for him. First, his pleasure. Then, all hers...

His head fell back against the wall as she took his cock in her greedy fingers. She stroked him, up from his balls to squeeze just under his head and his hips moved with her. With a laugh of pure glee, she stroked him again and again. He was fully erect in seconds, throbbing as all the blood pooled in his groin. He groaned, his hands gripping the hem of his shirt, fighting the urge to pump himself and ease the pressure. He gave a low moan as she kept stroking, his tip starting to ooze with the white juices of his seed.

His penis was like stone encased in soft, hot flesh. As she stroked him, her mouth watered, her sex dripped. A quiver in her belly, a shudder as she watched the white cum bubble in his slit. She leaned forward, licked the length of his slit, tasted salt and man. She made a soft sound of pleasure and pressed a kiss to his tip, her lips parted so she could suck him in. He groaned, a sound ripped from his belly, all heat and pleasure, as she slurped his head.

Her tongue teased the bulbous tip of him, laving his slit, suckling him, swirling around him in an erotic caress. He'd never considered her sexually, only as a female friend, but now he could do nothing but want her. Could imagine nothing but having her. Half-naked in a dark alley in a strange town, he wanted her. His eyes closed, his head fell back and his hips pushed his cock towards her. In the darkness, he surrendered his will to her. In the darkness, he was aflame with lust. In the darkness, he burned for her. 

She sucked his head into her mouth, a hot and wet embrace and he gasped. The darkness surrounding them seeped in as he struggled to catch his breath. As her mouth sank lower, as more of his penis was enveloped by her, he fisted his hands at his side and gulped in the dark. And came to a decision - soon, fully-naked in a dark alley, he'd have her. And he'd make her burn.

She shivered, shuddered as his cock stretched her lips, as she pushed down, taking more. He was so big, so long, he filled her mouth easily and still had more to give. She fought to relax, as the articles had instructed, and pushed his head into her throat. A gag, her eyes watered, but she pushed again and took more. Her nose pressed against him, tickled by his kinky hair, filled with the scent of him. His full erection throbbed inside her mouth and throat and she sucked in as she gagged.

His eyes closed again as his body arched. Every muscle in his body was rigid. Every drop of blood in his body throbbed in his cock. She had him all and the sucking pressure of her mouth brought him right to the edge. Then she released, drew back and he groaned with need. She took him deep again and he shook with the pleasure.

He was enjoying it. She felt a surge of pride, of power as she feasted on his manhood. His body responded eagerly to her touch and she could hear the desire in the noises he made. The darkness surged inside her, eager to mate with the darkness in him. Soon, she promised. One more taste... 

She took him in hand again, lifting him up, exposing his heavy sacs. Lowering her head, she lapped at them, making them swing a little. His grunt amused her and she tilted her head, sucking first one then the other into her mouth, feeling his hips jerk. They were hard balls of man and she rolled them each in her mouth, sucking hard enough to feel them swell. Popping them free had him swearing, his voice low and raw. Wrap her lips around him, suck, and pop and his entire body shook. She smiled and drew back. Now it was time for the next step.

He was harder than he'd ever been before, his groin throbbing like he'd been kicked. His cock strained towards her, thick and long as a sausage, and he could care less that he was exposed in an alley. He'd willingly be exposed in that crowd if she'd finish this. He'd do almost anything if she would take him over that edge. She stood up, stepped back and his eyes met hers. Black met black as the dark surged inside them both and they both smiled.

She pulled her dress over her head. Long, slender, nearly nude, her body seemed to almost glow in the darkness. His grin widened as she reached back and flipped open her bra, dropping it onto the dress. She sauntered forward, all but naked, enjoying the way his dark eyes focused on her swaying breasts. His mouth watered as he considered the things he could do to her body. "Time to play, big boy," she purred.

When she was close enough, his hands lifted to cup her tits, squeezing her. She was firm, full and he hungered for her, lowering his mouth to taste each nipple. She made a soft sound of pleasure then pushed his hands away. She rubbed her body against his, his cock straining against her belly. "Not now. I want you inside me now," she murmured, lifting her leg to curl it around his hip, "I want that fat cock to fill me."

So did he. He slid his hands down her back, fisted them in the silk of her panties. "I don't fuck a girl with a thong," he growled.

She laughed. "Then take it off," she teased, gasping when he tore the thin fabric away. Another breathless laugh was cut short as he cupped her ass cheeks and tilted her sex to his groin. He rocked himself against her, his shaft pinned between them, stroking against her swollen folds.

"Are you ready to take my fat cock?" he growled, pulling her close, burying his face in her neck to suckle her skin. She shuddered against him and he could feel the slick heat of her on his penis. He worked himself against her until she whimpered and squirmed, her hands clutching his shoulders, her nails scoring his skin. He knew she burned for him and he knew what to do to make her cum for him.

"Oh, yes, please..." She begged him, eager, needy, greedy.

He spun her away, the sudden movement making her dizzy as he took control. He stripped away his shirt, stepped free of his pants as he pushed her against the opposite wall, one hand pinning her arm behind her back, the other forcing her legs apart. She was panting as he pressed his naked body against her backside. He was panting as he rubbed his cock up and down the crack of her ass.

"Are you ready to take my fat cock?" he repeated, freeing her hands to press flat against the brick, placing his hands flat beside hers. He continued to rub as a shudder shook her whole body and he smelled her arousal. His cock was bare and he savored the idea of it. Fucking her raw. Skin on skin. His cock coated with her juices, his seed spilling into her core. The darkness inside him pulsed with ecstasy.

"Yes..." She hissed it and he dragged his tip down, felt it settle against her opening, felt her juices drip down his shaft. The dark pulsed again, urging him in, her body giving as he pressed against her. "Now..."

He surged deep, groaning as her tight body enveloped his throbbing length. He put a hand to her hip as he tilted his body and humped up against her, working every inch of his cock inside her. She shuddered and moaned, her inner muscles rippling around him. The sensations were extraordinary, naked skin on naked skin, cock in pussy, her inner muscles working him like fingers, his rod probing her deep well.

"Damn, baby," he groaned again, pulling out, then plunging in. He fucked her like that a few minutes - brutal full cock thrusts, burying himself inside her with every stroke, until he could barely breathe. Then he rammed himself inside her, hardly pulling back before slamming her core. She took him eagerly, bucking her hips and grinding her ass against his groin when he filled her. She was panting, moaning, her body quivering around him as he grunted and rooted like an animal.

Control snapped as she came, her back arching, her pussy clenching around him. Then she was releasing and gushing. He was enveloped in cum, his thrusts becoming juicy, her hole slick and hot. More, he thought, tightening his hands on her hips and moving like a piston in and out of her as fast as he could. 

He was fucking her like a jackhammer and she was unable to catch her breath. In, out, in, out....She cried out, climaxing again, gushing again. He kept at her, pounding, pulsing, as he erupting himself, groaning as each stroke exploded on impact. She shuddered with pleasure, feeling his seed spurt again and again, savoring his eager release. The darkness inside her pulsed with ecstasy. The darkness inside him swelled with power. It mingled where they joined and took them both.

He came to himself on his knees, curled over her body. She was also on her knees, his cock still buried inside her. With a groan, he drew back, the wet slurping as his penis slid free making him shudder, making her tremble. He started to get up and she turned, catching his arm. "More," she breathed, her wide eyes filled with darkness.

The darkness inside him answered her. "Soon, my pet," he crooned, helping her up. He handed her her dress as he picked up his own clothes. She slipped it on, braless, and watched him dress with a wicked smile. 

"The hotel?" she asked. It was more a suggestion, expecting agreement.

"My roommate." He started to shake his head.

"Yes, your roommate," she chuckled. Men...

------------------------------------------------

They caught him in the lobby, urged him onto the elevator, into the room. She vibrated with lust, watching her lover and the new man talk, seeing them both look to her. With a smile, she stepped out of her shoes, pulled the dress over her head. Nude, she sauntered in to the bathroom and turned on the shower. Her lover gave his roommate a shove.

"Boys," she shook a finger at them, then turned and gracefully stepped under the water. With a moan of pleasure, she tilted her head back and let the warm water cascade over her well used muscles. "Ahhhhh," another moan as she stroked her hands over her breasts.

Both men gave grunts of interest as the naked siren shifted and turned under the falling water, the overhead light glistening off her bare body. She cupped her own breasts, lifting and squeezing them. Then she slid a hand down her belly and stroked her own folds. Her head fell back as she moaned again, fingering herself. Both men groaned as a flush spread over her pale throat.

"God," the roommate groaned, his mouth dry, his cock straining against his shorts.

"Not God," the lover chuckled, the darkness inside him pulsing, swelling. Fire burned low in his belly and his cock blazed with desire. "Pure woman."

The woman turned towards them and smiled. She lifted both hands and curled her fingers, beckoning. "Come with me," she purred. The roommate backed himself against the wall, fighting his own desire, knowing something was wrong.

With a sigh, she turned off the water. She held out one hand again and the lover helped her step from the bath. She glistened, wet, wanton, a fantasy, as she sauntered to the roommate. "Come with me," she purred again, sliding a hand over his chest. She felt his heart beat, strong and fast, then slid her hand to the bulge in his groin. "Be with me," she murmured.

"But..." the roommate stammered, looked to the lover, who grinned.

"Men," she purred, curling her fingers into the waist of his shorts, tugging him with her into the bed area, "Men stimulate me." She stepped close and rubbed herself against him. "Men satisfy me." She tugged open his shorts as she brushed her lips against his. His breath shuddered out as she slid her hands under the cotton and found his hot flesh. He drew in darkness as her fingers closed around his shaft and seduced him.

"Men..." the roommate started, trailing off as she dropped to her knees, dragging his shorts down with her. Exposed, naked from the waist down, he would have protested except she slid a hand down his shaft to cup his balls. To fondle and tease him, to entice him. He stared down into her dark eyes.

"Men." She smiled, bent her head to touch the tip of her tongue to the tip of his rigid penis. Darkness spread from her into him as she swirled her tongue around him, as all the blood surged to his groin and he surged towards her. Chuckling, she grinned up at him. "I like the taste of you," she purred.

"On the bed." The lover's voice was husky, aroused, as he pointed to one mattress. He was just as hot from watching her as the roommate was from her touch - more so as the darkness inside him remembered the feel of her enveloping his penis, first with her mouth, then with her body. He ached to be inside her again and planned to be inside her in the dirtiest, darkest way of all. And men would make her scream, he promised himself.

The roommate was pushed down on the bed, on his back, his legs spread, his cock at full attention. With a murmur of pleasure, the woman crawled over him, stroking her hands over his thighs, circling the base of his thick member. Her eyes locked on his as she lowered her head and took him in. His head fell back, his hands fisting in the spread, as she swallowed him whole.

The lover stood behind her, watching the rippled of muscles in her back, seeing the tightness of her ass, glimpsing the wetness between her legs. He stepped closer, sliding his hands over her cheeks and down, his thumbs parting the swollen folds that covered her. She made a strangled gasp as he bent to lap at her hole, his tongue stroking her slick opening. She bobbed her head on his roommate's dick as he moved to feast.

The roommate was tense, tight, his body focused on the pressure around his penis, her hot mouth sucking him in, then letting him slide free. He'd never been eaten, never had a woman pleasure him like this. He could find it addictive, he thought, smiling as darkness bloomed inside him. To have this pleasure, to have a woman to cater to his needs, his whims. He needed it. He deserved it. He would have it. Darkness filled him as his head filled her throat.

The lover savored the taste of her. She was sweetness itself, intoxicating, enticing. He shifted a hand to stroke her asshole as he swirled his tongue in and out of her. To have such a sexual creature at his beck and call. He needed it. He wanted it. He would have it. The darkness surged inside him as he drove a finger into her ass.

She gagged, choked, as the finger shocked her. It was an invasion, dirty, nasty, her mind screamed until the dark filmed over and she shuddered with pleasure. He drew it back, thrust it again, all while licking her pussy, and she squirmed with sensations. His finger seemed thick to her untouched hole and she tilted her hips to open wider.

The lover grinned as he felt her move. She kept on the roommate, up and down, up and down, but he had her attention. He could tell by the quiver in her ass. Just wait, he whispered to her pussy, just wait for my cock. With his finger inside her, he closed his mouth over her and speared his tongue in. As she jerked, he sucked hard and her head came up as she cried out, climaxing into his mouth with a shudder. He pumped the finger inside her as he sucked again and again until, she collapsed.

"Help her onto you," he ordered the roommate. Glassy-eyed, the roommate obeyed, helping the lover guide the woman onto her knees. She shivered then pulled away, her dark eyes wide. 

"You weren't that good," she taunted, turning them on the lover and leering. Then she turned to the roommate with a wink, straddling his hips, rubbing her wet folds along his erection.

"A condom..." he started then groaned as she reached down between her legs and grasped him. Holding him, she fit her hole against his head.
