 This is a fantasy piece involving Mizz, my sexy ebony wife, myself and an unexpected guest. Mizz enjoys restraint and feeling helpless, especially when more than one cock is involved. Although this is a fictional tale if you enjoy it I will be more than happy to share our real adventures in the future.

(A HUGE THANK YOU TO CharlieB4 for editing this and helping it get out. My writing style is still a work in progress and he definitely went the extra mile for me. )

*****

Waiting in your hotel room only dressed in your sexy little black nighty. You lay on the bed as per instructions for me. Blindfold on and ready for our encounter to begin. The time is dragging, the clock on the wall clicks off the seconds which become minutes as you await my arrival. Your mind drifts to the conversations and events that led to this. 

As you cross that plain of desire and imagination I come in and hook you to the bed with my leather restraints. I lay on top of you so you can't move and to make sure you feel my rock hard cock pressing through my pants. I lean in, my head close to your ear. I can smell the desire and lust radiating off your body.

"You're not going anywhere" I whisper.

I grab the front of your nighty with both hands and tear it from your body. It reveals your soft skin and large ebony breasts. I kiss the small beads of sweat from your neck down to your lovely breasts. Taking my time I play with your perfect nipples. I stop kissing your body to strap your legs wider apart before I whisper.

"Is this what you want?"

There you are. My pretty lady, tied and exposed for me. I move down to drink from you and feel you shudder. I attack you with fury because we have both been waiting far too long for this.

"I'm not supposed to feel like this." You moan.

"These are the times to push the boundaries. To become everything we can be."

As I devour your wet and ready lips you are lost in the pleasures. You do not hear the door open. I stop and you hear the heavy footsteps of another enter into the room. As you feel the pressure of a hand on your pussy I say to the anonymous visitor.

"She is ready."

He slowly inserts his fingers into your dripping pussy. 

"Oh yes, she is. Thank you for preparing her for me." The stranger says.

He is now rapidly fucking you with his fingers while I go back to kissing the nape of your exposed neck. The sound of your wetness is too much. I position myself as to not hinder his action but I can still lean in to lap at your flower some more. The stranger is now impatient to have you so we stop. We are both on our knees at your pussy. He is rubbing himself through his pants at the sight of you spread and exposed. We remove our shirts and he unzips himself. His cock is now exposed so I decide to end your suffering. 

I grab him and after a few encouraging pumps I guide him to your now swollen opening. He opens you up with ease thanks to my saliva and his handy work. Straight away he is slamming into your body like a well oiled industrial fuckgod. Not to be left out, I position myself near your head and remove all my clothes.

You can feel my body heat and you can smell my pre-cum dripping. The sweet salty aroma of hot cock makes you cry out in between thrusts.

"Please fuck my mouth!"

I unhook one of your arms so you can grasp my swollen cock and feed it in between your waiting lips. I warn you to get it extra wet. In the back of your mind you wonder what more could I be planning. The mystery man's pace is getting faster and deeper as he watches you suck me off. You work my balls in between your fingers and pump my shaft with your hand. You are a sex starved minx...

I untie you in a hurry because I don't want him cumming before the grand finale. I turn you over and allow you to raise yourself on all fours. Mystery man watches from the bed as you start fucking me with your mouth again. It's too much for him and he takes his place behind you and begins dining on your lovely rear end. Feeling his mouth on you and the wetness building again you suck me as if we are the only humans on earth. His mouth has you possessed for cock. I give you one final warning to get me as wet as possible as he stops his oral assault on you. 

Spitting on his hand and then stroking himself you feel the unmistakable hot pressure of his throbbing head entering your pretty little ass. You take me all the way into your mouth as you concentrate on taking all of him. It's almost too much for me between the sight of you getting entered by such a specimen and the sensation of hitting the back of your throat. I pull away and watch the precum drip from your lips to my swollen head. He wraps his arms around you and pulls you up to him while he's still inside. He kisses your neck and eventually your mouth.

Still pumping your ass he begins lowering you back down to the bed, Instead of being greeted by the mattress you are shocked to find he had lowered you down right on top of me. I tell you to put your hands behind your back and then kiss you just as passionately as him. You feel him grab the leather restraints and bind your arms with just enough room so he can grab in between them. I grab onto your hips as I position your now oozing pussy on top of my well lubed shaft. As you slide down my cock you are lost in the fact that you are filled in both holes and there is nothing you can do to stop it. 

Mystery man and I start working in tandem to bring you to the boiling point. Every time he pulls out of your ass I slam home in your pussy. You have never felt to full, or so alive, in your life. 

Every nerve in your body is firing. As you reach you first climax you tighten up. Your ass holds the mystery man hostage as it spasms and it is too much for him. He unloads a flurry of his seed into you. 

He slowly withdraws as I continue. Grabbing your hips tighter I fuck you to your second explosion. His cum drips from your flower onto my cock further lubing up my member. I am now grabbing and squeezing your torso. Still helpless in my hands I flip you onto your back. He holds your legs as wide apart as you can take. I fuck you into the sheets like this as you are still crying for more. My strokes become long and deliberate, hitting your g spot with every down stroke. He grabs my shaft and jerks my dick while I am fucking you. Every so often his knuckle hits your clit like lighting.

"Oh fuck ..I'm so wet." You scream.

The added stimulation is too much for both of us and we explode at the same time. You collapse into the sheets as he gets dressed.

I untie you and you ask me something...

After I don't answer you lift the blindfold from your eyes...

I AM NOT THERE!

As you wonder about the erotic dream you just had the door opens. I enter the room. I come in and hook you to the bed with my leather restraints. I lay on top of you so you can't move and to make sure you feel my rock hard cock pressing through my pants.