 The next morning came too soon. Being an hour away from home had the huge disadvantage of requiring me to get up an hour earlier. And with two of us taking turns in the shower and then in front of the fogged up mirror in the bathroom, Julie and I had very little time to talk about last night, or for that matter the upcoming night when she was going to a party. I was going as well, but she didn't know it and I was feeling stronger all the time that I didn't want to go.

After the bath, we didn't really need to spend a lot of time in the shower, so we took turns and it worked out. I did catch myself looking at Julie in a whole new light now. I mean, everything from last night kept playing through my mind over and over again and it made me so horny I really thought I should have some panties to control the seepage in between my thighs.

We kept trying to talk about the kiss, but we were on short time and mostly smiled at each other and giggled like the school girls that we were. While Julie was getting dressed, I watched. I had actually noticed her for years, growing into such an athletic and well proportioned body. She had not an ounce of fat anywhere on her body. Her cute little breasts were so divinely firm on her body. Her butt was so exquisitely small and tight. I just wanted to grab handfuls of Julie and she rolled her eyes at me several times as she caught me staring.

"We are going to be late for school ya slut." She laughed as she pulled a skirt up over her ass. "Get your mind out of there and let's go get some breakfast, I'm starved."

I laughed and blushed and finished getting dressed. I was faster without the burden of underwear. I knew I would be in trouble because I didn't do Darla's morning ritual, but I didn't care. I could endure Darla with this opportunity to be with Julie.

We ran down the stairs and I grabbed a bottle of orange juice and two glasses while Julie started chomping on a banana. I poured the O.J. and popped some toast in the toaster. "Butter?" I asked her.

"Whatever you are eating, I'll have the same." Julie smiled.

I looked pointedly at her pelvis and licked my lips. We both laughed as Kelly entered the kitchen. "What's so funny?" She asked.

"Carrie can't keep her mind out of my panties." Julie laughed.

I blushed. "Shut UP! You wish!"

"Denial." Julie laughed, taking another bite out of her banana.

Kelly laughed. "Well, look you two, you know I have no problem with any of this, but cool it down around your dad Carrie, he is getting a bit concerned."

"I am eighteen now, he does know that right?" I asked her in mock anger.

"Yes, he knows full well how old you are Carrie, and I think that is what worries him the most. He really feels like he missed a lot. He hasn't lived with you since you really were a little girl. So, give your dad a break and let him adapt." 

Julie looked like she was about to say something but changed her mind and took another bite of that banana. I think I knew what she was thinking. It wasn't my fault he had missed the last six years of my life. I still needed to process the idea that my mom had been cheating on him first. It's hard to accept new information after six years of possibly hating the wrong parent.

I took the toast out of the toaster and handed a slice to Julie. Odd, I didn't feel like calling her Jules at the moment, I'm not sure why that was. I hoped that I didn't fuck this up. Julie was by far the best friend I have ever had and I did not want to lose that for an orgasm. 

My dad came down finally in a suit and tie. "Good morning girls." He called on his way in the kitchen.

"Morning Dad. And have a great day, we have to go fight some traffic." I smiled and gave him a quick kiss.

"Thanks for having me over Mr. Fitch and Kelly, hope to see you again soon." Julie chirped as she followed me out the door.

As soon as we got in my car, we started to unload what we had been thinking since last night. For Julie, it was whether I could handle another step. For me, it was more like when are we going to make the next step. There were issues of course. First, we both had people that we were dating. Second, we now lived a long distance away from each other. Third, I still had about twenty-nine days of servitude to Darla, which Julie didn't know about and which could be a severe damper on our relationship if we developed one.

"Okay Carrie, that kiss was incredible." Julie laughed as we pulled onto the road. "So, how are we going to play things at school today?"

I didn't really even think that there was anything to play at school today. I thought we had decided to put things on hold until we decided what we were willing to do. "Umm... how did you want to play things at school today?" I threw it right back at her.

"Wimp." Julie giggled. "Okay, so, this weekend is out. How does next Saturday night look for you?"

"It's open at the moment." I smiled. This was going to be so perfect. 

"Okay, so let's plan to go downtown Saturday, get lunch, walk the harbor and then we can go check into a hotel, hit a dance club, have some dinner and back to the hotel for the night. You plan the lunch, dinner and dancing, I'll get the hotel room." She smiled, looking so forward to it.

"Julie?" My lip shook and I grit my teeth to stop from sounding nervous.

"Yeah, I'm here." She giggled.

"After... I mean Sunday, can we ... I mean, don't make any plans Sunday okay?" Smooth Carrie, really smooth.

"You are that insatiable huh?" Julie laughed. She squeezed my hand. "I was not planning to do anything on Sunday without you. Carrie, you need to be cool with this, are you sure? I am really excited about it, but you need to be okay with it. Don't bullshit me. You mean a lot more to me than getting my lesbo experience in before college. I can wait."

"Of course..." I dropped off. "Julie, I'll be okay. I just ... don't want things to be weird."

Julie laughed. "Honey, they already are. Our relationship already changed Carrie. You just have to accept that it might not go the same way for me as for you. Hell, I might fall head over heels in love with you and you might decide it wasn't that great and fall harder for Farin. I'm okay with that. I'll cherish it no matter how good or bad it is and keep you as my best friend forever. YOU are the one I'm worried about."

I smiled. "Then don't worry. I'll surprise you next weekend."

Julie gave a fake yawn. "I doubt it." And we both burst into laughter.

We mostly talked about the party for the rest of the drive to school. Then I told her about the guidance counselor wanting me to go to dyke circle counseling and I could get back on the cheerleading squad. 

"Do it then. Hell, I'll go with you if you want. Just for the first one, for moral support. I don't have your sicko issues." Julie laughed.

"Really? You'd do that?" I asked.

"Of course ho. Jeez Carrie, sometimes I wonder if you know how great a friend you have." Julie smirked.

"The most modest friend I have for sure." I stuck my tongue out at her.

We pulled into the school at that point. I was just stepping out of the car with Julie when my ... or should I say, Darla's phone buzzed. Damn thing had great batteries. I had forgotten to give it back to Darla yesterday. I looked at the screen. MEET FARIN IN THE BATHROOM Big surprise there.

"Hey Jules, I have to" I began.

"Go see Farin?" She interrupted me, laughing. "Go ahead, see you in class."

She sauntered her perfect ass up the stairs and I couldn't help but watch it. I locked up my car, shouldered my book bag and headed into school. Farin was in the bathroom as I expected and I smiled and walked into the stall with her. "I didn't do a bit of it." I smiled at her as she leaned in to kiss me.

I kissed her back, but it was off. It wasn't the same and I hoped I was the only one who felt it. She started to squeeze my breast and I let her, but I kept my hands on her back and pushed my tongue into her mouth. It felt so fake now. I hated myself for doing it.

"You did nothing?" Farin laughed.

I smiled at her as she disengaged from our kiss. "Not even a single pussy rub." I laughed.

Her face went from a laugh to a frown. "You want me to cover for you?"

I shrugged. "You do what you feel you have to do Farin. I honestly don't care anymore. This whole thing is such bullshit. Darla can do what she wants, I have much bigger problems than her right now. And Julie spent the night last night so I couldn't really do anything this morning anyway. It's just something I'll have to deal with."

"Wow, so you are tough now huh?" Farin smiled and then she leaned back against the wall and looked at me for a minute. I just stood there smiling at her. "Oh fuck!" Farin finally said far too loud and it startled me.

"What?" I asked confused.

"You didn't... did you and Julie?... God damn Carrie, really?" She looked ready to cry.

"Farin, what are you talking about? I didn't fuck Julie if that is what you are asking." I was far too transparent. Really, did I wear my emotions that clearly?

"You are... different somehow. What the fuck happened?" Farin was pissed. I guess she had every right to be. I had betrayed her. I guess. Stop rationalizing Carrie, you betrayed her.

"I..." I didn't want Farin turning against me. She was the only one I had on my side in Darla's games. "Look, I went home last night and something happened. Julie was there for me. I have shit for a life right now. Sure, I have a car and a nice house, but I hardly even know my dad. Julie has always been like a few doors away. I could always go to her. Now, I can't even do that. I needed her last night and she came home with me." I could see the tears welling in Farin's eyes. "We didn't have sex! Damn Farin, don't do this now. I have to suck freaking cocks through a wall tonight, I can't have you breaking down on me right now. Please!" I was actually getting angry. I don't think I was mad at her, how could I be? But, I was angry with myself. I was not a liar. I was not a betrayer. But now, with everything forced on me by Darla, I was becoming these things that I despised.

"Farin, kiss me and stop being so stupid." I finally muttered. 

She leapt forward into my arms and I kissed her and closed my eyes. I imagined it was Julie. I don't know why. I never needed to do that before, but somehow, last night, I came to the realization that Farin was not going to be... well... she wasn't the one I was meant to be with. I felt horrible, as much about the realization of that fact as about the idea that I was now using sex to get something for myself. I was a whore now and it left me feeling pretty shitty about myself.

But, I kissed her with all that passion I had in most kisses with Farin. She was grabbing my breasts and my ass and feeling me up over my clothes and I was rubbing her back and squeezing her ass in response. Our tongues danced in each other's mouths. I was getting excited, very excited. She moved her hand up under my skirt and started rubbing my wet, bald pussy. Yes, I was wet.

"Tell me when you are about to cum slut," she whispered into my ear and I moaned as her lips sucked my earlobe. When her fingers started rubbing my clit in earnest, I started bucking wildly at her touch.

"Oh please don't stop Farin." I whispered breathlessly.

But she did. She pulled her hand away and my hips followed her retracting fingers. I whimpered with need. 

"Four to go. Shall we wait on the next one?" Farin smiled seductively. I hugged her tight. It had been a couple of days since I had done this to myself and the need to cum had returned that quickly with an overwhelming desire to just have an orgasm.

"Yeah, I don't think I can take another one right now." I said.

"Okay, bend over and let me write my stupid sister's name on your ass. No way we can do the enema at school, but maybe you can just tell her you didn't get a chance to pack it up and she will give you a break."

I mumbled, "okay" as I bent over and lifted my skirt so Farin could write Darla in my ass crack. 

A few minutes later, I was sitting next to Julie. She smiled and greeted me as if we hadn't been together all morning already and I laughed. She nudged my elbow as I sat down and took a look back at Farin and winked at me. I stuck my tongue out at her and whispered, "How's Chad?"

"I'm sure he's fine, but I didn't have to go see him this morning." Julie chuckled.

I pushed Julie's shoulder as the bell rang and we quieted down.

Julie and I were closer than ever. We passed notes back and forth and I taunted her about what she was going to do with Chad tonight and she taunted me about not going and whether Farin was staying home too? I drew a picture of Julie and we were reprimanded for not paying attention. It was an incredible first period.

At the break we bumped hips and knuckles at the door and parted for math class. Farin walked with me to second period. She tried to hold my hand in the hall and I pulled my hand away. I wished she would quit trying to make me come out as a lesbian in public. So, after we awkwardly made our way into the classroom and took our seats, Farin scooted in close and gave me a playful hurt look.

"Farin, I told you I'm not ready to be school gossip." I whispered.

"What's the problem lovers?" Courtney chirped way too loud. A few kids turned around to see who she was talking about. I blushed and almost pushed my chair away from Farin. Farin, on the other hand, leaned in towards me and put her head on my shoulder.

I heard the murmurs, the whispers, the louder comments of the bolder ones. They were not complimentary. They were not acknowledgements of love. They were degrading. They were hurtful.

I closed my eyes and pushed Farin away. She looked insulted. 

"Oh stop guys. What century are you living in?" Courtney sweetly admonished the gawkers. "There is absolutely nothing wrong with it, in fact you guys are probably all worked up right now." She turned to Rebecca. "Kiss me Rebecca."

Rebecca laughed. "Don't bring me into your warped bisexual fantasies. I'm strictly a dick girl." 

Courtney pursed her lips in a pout. "Fine, I'll just borrow Farin's girlfriend for a minute. You don't mind do you Farin?"

Was this planned? What the hell was Courtney doing? How could she?

Farin laughed. "Well, one kiss is okay, but I want her back when you're done."

Courtney plopped down in the seat next to me. "Pucker up baby." And she grabbed my head and pulled me into a kiss. I was shocked. I was absolutely destroyed. I was kissing Courtney while the whole class watched.

I mean, it was more her kissing me than me kissing her, but our lips were definitely touching. And hers were definitely moving a lot and then her tongue swiped across my lips. I tried to pull away, but she was holding my head tightly. I whispered, "No, please no."

Courtney just smiled and kissed me again. I put my hands to her wrists to pull them away. She held my face tightly and whispered, "Play along."

I know it was just a kiss. I know I had done it before. I know I had done a lot worse before. But this felt so dirty, it felt like such a violation. A tear trickled down my right cheek as I weakly returned the kiss. I had no idea why they were outing me in the middle of math class, but I couldn't find the will to fight back. I felt weaker at that moment than I think I had ever felt in my life.

A shudder went through my body. It was repulsion, but apparently the gawking crowd thought I was being turned on. Finally, the bell rang and Courtney released my lips with a giggle.

I turned my head. The whole class was looking at me. Well, they were probably looking at Courtney too, but my face burned and I clinched my eyes shut when I distinctly heard a boy say, "Who would have thought that Carrie was a carpet muncher?"

I raised my hand. Farin pulled it down. "What are you doing Carrie?" She asked me in a whisper.

I turned to look at her and I couldn't hold back the tear in my other eye. "Why?" That was all I could manage.

Farin frowned. "Why not?," she asked. "Why are you so ashamed of what you are?"

Courtney grabbed my right hand and turned sideways, placing it between her thighs. I didn't even look in her direction. I looked at Farin, tears flowing down my cheeks as my hand was forced towards Courtney's pussy. My fingertips touched her panties and I heard her sigh. I still didn't turn to face her.

I looked forward and saw guys and girls alike looking back at me, whispering and trying not to get the teacher's attention. Then I felt Farin's hand on my thigh, just below my skirt. I turned to face her. "No."

Farin squeezed my thigh and smiled at me. "Four to go." She said, and slid her hand up higher under my skirt.

"Oh my God." One of the guys whispered. "She's going to finger her right in class."

I slapped my thighs together, but Farin's hand was between them. "Please don't do this." I begged her.

Farin smiled at me and whispered through her teeth. "Open your legs for me Carrie."

"No Farin, not like this, I won't do it."

Mr. Thatch must have finally caught on that he didn't have the class's attention. "Class, is there something more important going on than Algebra?"

One of the jocks laughed out loud and said, "Yes." And several of the other guys laughed.

But, Farin did withdraw her hand at Mr. Thatch's voice and Courtney did release my other hand and I shoved my knees together and grabbed my desk table with both hands.

"And what is that Mr. Cole?" the professor asked.

"Well, Farin was about to teach us some female anatomy before you interrupted Sir." He answered. The entire class laughed.

"Mr. Cole, you may go and visit the principal. Ms. Kapps, I do hope Mr. Cole is lying, but as all eyes seem to be trained in your direction, please move up here to the front of the classroom." Mr. Thatch said in his nasally voice.

"But Mr. Thatch, I wasn't doing anything of the kind!" Farin argued. 

Courtney jumped in, "It's true Mr. Thatch Farin and Carrie and I were just playing around, nothing is happening back here. Mr. Cole is just being a tool." Most of the class laughed again.

"Is this true Ms Fitch?" He asked me.

I wasn't really paying much attention to the exchange. I was just red faced listening to the jock and the laughter from the entire class. "I... uh... what Mr. Thatch? Umm, yes, Mr. Cole is a tool." I wasn't trying to be mean, I was just trying to deflect attention. It worked, the class laughed louder than ever.

Mr. Thatch looked like he was going to actually explode. His face was quite red either with anger or embarrassment at the loss of control of the classroom.

"Miss Fitch, you can join Mr. Cole at the principal's office." Mr. Thatch instructed through gritted teeth.

"But that's not fair." Courtney interjected. "Carrie just agreed with me."

Mr. Thatch looked ready to incinerate her. "Yes Miss Covington, you may join them. Would anyone else like to go to visit the principal?" He dared anyone else to respond and the classroom grew quiet quickly.

I was a bit pissed, but actually glad for the reprieve. I slammed my books into my bookbag and approached the front where Anthony Cole waited with a smile. Courtney was a bit more cheerful as she delicately took her time putting her books together and casually strolled up to the front of the class.

Mr. Thatch gave us each a hall pass and we headed out to the principal's office together. As soon as the door closed behind us, Courtney put her arm around me on my hip and I shrugged it off. 

"So, you going all lesbo or just bi Carrie?" Anthony asked with a grin.

"I'm ... it's none of your business Anthony. I don't remember you ever asking me out." I smiled at him, but I could tell it looked fake. I thought flirting a little was the right move though if I wanted to get out of this perception that I was gay. I just didn't want that notoriety.
