 ( In Part 2 Darlene decides to become a participant in the sex play with Greg and her husband. She uses and sexually dominates Greg while punishing and humiliating her husband )

In spite of all of their careful planning and the elaborate security measures they'd taken to keep their sexual encounter clandestine, Brian Carr and Greg Hunt were caught flagrante dilecto (in the act). To make matters worse, the person that had caught them was none other than Brian's wife, Darlene. She smiled mischievously as she sauntered over toward them from her hiding place. Each one wondered how much she had seen and what she was thinking.

Well! Well! You boys have been busy playing haven't you ... there was a look of mock indignation on her face ... and what kind of naughty games have you been up to? Greg was just about to explain, when she hushed him and continued her teasing remarks.

Ooh my, those pretty panties look so good on you, Greg! Wherever did you buy them? I think I'd like to get a pair like that for myself. Maybe we can go shopping together sometime. Let's take Abby along when we do that, shall we?

Greg's already flushed face turned an even more intense shade of pink.

Darlene stood next to the settee. An enigmatic smile once again traversed her beautiful face. Her red hair was tousled and askew, a curl draped over her forehead. She looked playfully coy and impish. She was ogling the two semi-naked men who were now standing together facing her. Their faces were flushed in obvious chagrin.

She turned around, looked over her shoulder and nonchalantly ordered one of them to unzip her dress.

It's sooo hot and uncomfortable in here. Steamy almost from all of the hot action. I suppose that if I want to feel comfortable I'll just have to get rid of this dress. One of you unzip me!!

Without a word, her astonished husband stepped up to the task. He stepped back and stood next to Greg while Darlene pulled at the dress, letting it drop from her shoulders to the floor. Stepping out of it, she turned to face Greg. She was wearing only her panties and bra. Her body was fleshy and flabby.

Greg smiled remembering that he had known Darlene for almost twenty years but that he had never seen her this close to being naked. In the last six or seven years she had become morbidly obese and because of that she'd also become overly modest in her dress, unwilling to allow any of her body to be exposed or accentuated. If seemed as if she was afraid for anyone to see how fat she'd become. That was odd he thought, she had been blessed with large, no that was an understatement, with huge beautifully shaped breasts. He recalled that when she was a younger woman, Darlene had a 'drop-dead' figure. In fact, she had a body that would make a man spring an instant hard-on just thinking about it. It was the kind of figure that teen-aged boys jacked-off to while reading Playboy Magazine. Several years ago he remembered sitting in Brian and Darlene's den casually browsing through a Carr family photo album. He came across an old photograph of Darlene wearing a figure hugging one piece bathing suit. He studied the picture carefully, surveying her long curvaceous legs, flat belly and of course those incredible tits. Back then she was obviously proud of her assets and didn't mind flaunting them. He nearly creamed in his pants, she looked so sexy in that photograph. Why, he wondered, had she allowed herself to become so fat? Even so, her breasts appeared extraordinarily voluptuous as the pillows of flesh protruded from the black Wonderbra that matched her nylon 'big-boy' panties. Watching her flabby and out of shape like this was uncomfortable for both of them. Greg's initial rush of astonishment turned to embarrassment and then to empathy for this woman who evidently wanted to join the action. She made a couple of pointed comments about this being her only chance to enjoy intimacy with her husband, but she also welcomed the opportunity to romp with her best friend's husband. She unsnapped her bra and let the cups release her full breasts. The circumference of the rosy aureoles surrounding her long taut nipples impressed Greg. He yearned to flick a finger at them, knowing a jolt of energy would zap Darlene all the way to her pussy. He wanted to be the one to excite and arouse her. He wanted to make Darlene lust for his touch, rather than Brian's.

Greg's thoughts turned downright devilish. In an instant he was feverishly concocting a plan designed to take advantage of this new opportunity while also making Brian jealous. He took off his negligee and stepped toward Darlene, extending his hands to her chest. He hesitated a moment, giving Brian time to appreciate the sight and giving Darlene some time to relish the anticipation of his touch. Then, an index finger flicked out from his thumb, striking against the side of her hard nipple. Darlene let out an audible gasp of desire.

Ooh ... that felt so nice.

Her eyes closed, she reached down and caressed Greg's manhood through his Speedo. The sensation of her nipple and jolt in her pussy and the sensuous feel of his smooth pouch brought Darlene's feelings of lust to a level that matched that of Greg and Brian's.

There's always room for one more ... do you want t' play with us Darlene? It's been such a long time foe me ... obviously it's been much too long a c'mon lets have some fun

Are you sure that you really want to play with a 'fat slob' like me Brian? ... you haven't wanted to have me in a sexual way in a very long time you know .. and by the way you weren't such a great lay either. What's the expression 'wham, bam, thank you ma'am? ,,, you couldn't stay hard long enough to get my engine really warmed up. But then I'm not a man, am I? So maybe it was more difficult for you to get and keep IT up. And as for oral sex, you never did learn how to give head ... so I never tried to reciprocate. Why should I? But as for your current invitation - sure, why not? ... I get two for the price of one ... and what an interesting bonus Greg could turn out to be. Right Greg?

She nodded and winked mischievously at Greg. Brian took that wink as an assault on his status as her husband, on his manhood, and as a dare to continue the activity with Greg. He took that dare and became determined to frolic his way into dominance over her and Greg right then and there. He went around and behind Darlene, and knelt while yanking at her panties, pulling them down around her ankles. She screeched, looking down and back at Brian's quick smirk. She knew he had taken her dare and they were both up for the challenge of winning. She forgot about Greg and started for the bed, her feet getting tangled up in the panties. She tripped and stumbled awkwardly, taking a direct dive onto the carpet. More humiliated than hurt, she raised her head in defiance and refused Greg's outreached hand. Instead, she crawled on all fours to the bed.

Almost immediately Brian was down behind her, perusing her fat ass. He seem to be taking pleasure in seeing it look this big, knowing that she had taken to eating as sublimation for sex. He actually admired her ass for being more of what he used to love. He had had a fetish for large buttocks' from his boyhood days. Darlene's ass had always been a very round and attractive one, he thought, especially when she was down on her hands and knees ready to be taken doggie-style. Brian used to love shaving the red pubic hairs around her pussy. Her smooth twat made him think she was a little girl. He began fingering her wet pussy.

Stop ... STOP IT RIGHT NOW!

Brian ignored Darlene's admonition. Instead he defied her and continued his finger play. She turned to face him. A scowl had replaced Darlene's smile. She repeated her injunction. There was no mistaking the meaning of the words or the tone of her voice.

I SAID STOP IT RIGHT NOW BRIAN ,,, OR ELSE!!

Greg's ears perked up when he heard the authoritative commanding tone of Darlene's voice barking at Brian. He immediately conjured up a mental picture of Darlene wearing something totally different, something compelling and sensuous, something that was made out of black patent leather. He found himself getting totally turned on by that image and ran over to his duffel bag which was he had filled with a variety of 'sex' toys that he had collected and brought specifically for this evening's 'festivities'. He grubbed around and pulled out a pair of boots and a riding crop. He placed them in front of Darlene and she smiled seeming to know what he wanted. Pulling away from Brian's slippery fingers, she got up and put on the boots and picked up the whip. Instantly, she was in control of the situation. The two men stood quietly, appraising Darlene's new authority. She wouldn't disappoint them.

This is my playground now!. I'm the teacher, the principal, and the policeman. From now on, I will make the rules and I will enforce them and the two of you will OBEY THEM. Is that understood?

The two men were silent, stunned by the sudden change of circumstances.

Well! Neither of one you is deaf and both of you speak perfectly good English. Do you understand me?

YES MA'AM.

That's better. Well, I was watching the two of you play and I must confess that I really enjoyed it. In fact, I enjoyed it so much that my pussy got nice and wet. So why don't the two of you play for me some more and I expect that you will put on a really good show now that you are aware that I'll be watching you.

Telling them she was now going to oversee the execution of their plan for having sex with each other, she commanded them to continue fondling each other. Brian and Greg stood facing each other and began kissing and fondling.

Brian, get down on your knees!

They listened carefully to each of her commands, that were followed or accompanied by a crack of the whip. She made them engage in deep French kissing, nipple teasing, and they had to assume a variety of cock sucking positions and simulate giving each other blow jobs, while she commented derisively on their form or technique.

Ooooh my, my, my, you seem to really enjoy sucking cock, don't you Brian. We've been married almost twenty years and I never knew that until tonight. You're a real life cock sucker aren't you... my macho husband Brian?

Yes dear! I mean Ma-am Brian's reply was sheepish and genuinely humble.

Oooh and you too, sweet, sweet boy Greg ... you really love to lick on that big meat lollipop don't you? What do you think Abby would say or do if she ever found out that you like sucking cock and getting fucked? Tee ..Heeee...Heee....ha ha ha!!

I don't know ma-am ... you're not planning to tell her .. are you? Greg seemed genuinely worried and concerned.

No. No. I promise that I'll keep tonight's activities just between the three of us ... for the time being, that is.

As Darlene openly watched, she laughed at them and verbally mocked and berated them while she put them through their paces. Ironically her verbal taunts seemed to inflame them even more. Their erections throbbed in response to every one of her demeaning onslaughts. She made a mental note of that and filed it away in her memory for future reference. Finally, she grew tired of watching them give each other pleasure, now it was her turn to receive some pleasuring! She instructed Greg to kneel and when he had she walked over, stood directly over him with her thighs spread widely apart. She commanded him to eat her pussy while Brian was forced to watch.

Greg took his cue and began a slow tonguing of her labia probed to find her clitoris. As it began to fill with blood and harden he increased the tempo of his tonguing. The scent of her pussy was almost heavenly and she tasted even better. He inserted his tongue into her slit and began exploring. Darlene's body trembled.

Oh yes .. ooohhh yes Greg, that feels so good. I love what you're doing. I want you to eat me with the beautiful educated mouth of yours. Fuck me with your tongue. Yesssss. More, do it more ... Ah yes that feels sooo good...

She howled with delight and cracked the whip next to where Brian was standing. The sound of the whip cracking so close to his naked body made him flinch. Meanwhile, Greg seemed to be enjoying his new status as favored man for the job, while her husband, the asshole had to standby and watch helplessly. Brian looked like a virile stud, but actually was a wimp. But that had worked to Greg's advantage too, so Greg was still in a winning position, and besides he enjoyed eating out.

Finally, Darlene shoved her dripping wet cunt onto Greg's face and wriggled enthusiastically with undulations that matched the action of his tongue as her long awaited orgasm surged through her body in search of an outlet.

Oooh god that's so good Greg ... Oh..ooh..OHHH...OHHHH... please ... my gawd that's so good. Yes ..YESS... Ooomiiigodd...YESSSSSSSSssssss aaaahhhhh...

It found its vent audibly, with Darlene moaning and groaning with each new wave of ecstasy came over her. She made Greg feel proud. When she was sated, she fell back onto the bed, panting and gasping for air. Greg stood up and looked at Brian who appeared to be in awe of what had just happened with his wife.

Greg's chin and cheeks were covered with her cum. He smiled to himself, satisfied with how he had just gotten her off.

Remembering the derogatory remarks that Brian had made about her abilities as a fellatrix, Darlene wanted to demonstrate not only how wrong he was in his assessment, she also wanted to humiliate him at the same time. In fact, she wanted to use the advantage that she had just gained to exact her revenge on Brian while having her fun with Greg. It was also critical for Greg to recognize his own part in all of this --- after all he had been a willing participant in everything that had happen this evening. Darlene quickly hatched a plan.

While in college Darlene minored in biology thinking that she might eventually want to become a nurse. She aced her courses in Human Anatomy and Physiology and her photographic memory filed away all of the facts she'd ever learned about a man's body. She fired off a terse command to Brian. Brian, I want you to go to the garage, then to the kitchen and finally into your office. Bring me back the following items .. .And don't dally! Darlene ran off a list of diverse and seemingly disparate items including a length of rope, paper clips, rubber bands, a pitcher of ice water, surgical tape. They made no sense to Brian, but Darlene's instructions were specific and exacting and there was no mistaking the fact that she was serious.

Brian looked puzzled. He wasn't used to taking orders from anyone, let alone from Darlene. Over the years of their marriage, each of the Carr's had grown to resent being given orders by the other. But he also realized that she had the upper hand in this situation since she had caught him in an embarrassing situation with Greg. Brian knew that Darlene had a big mouth and could 'accidentally' leak information about what happened that evening. If anyone outside of the room ever found out what he and Greg had been up to it could be costly for him in many ways. He obviously had no choice but to do what Darlene wanted, at least for the time being.

Brian hesitated but Darlene was having none of it. She flicked the whip in her hand and the tip hit Brian a glancing blow on his left buttock. Ouch! That hurt Darlene!

Well then, you better get going or you'll feel its sting again, and next time my aim will be better!

Brian was off. Meanwhile Darlene went into the bathroom to collect a few items herself. She ordered Greg to remain right where he was and told him not to move. In a few minutes Brian returned carrying with him all of the items that Darlene had wanted. He put them on the lowboy dresser. She surveyed them and looked pleased that he had followed her instructions so precisely

What a good boy you are Brian! So obedient ... if only you were as good with your mouth as G... I want you to get down on your knees right here next to the bed! Do it now and I don't expect to have to tell you again!

Even Brian was impressed with the authoritative way his wife was taking charge of the situation. He resigned himself to following Darlene's orders for the time being. For now she was in charge. He meekly walked over to the place midway between the head and foot of their huge bed and immediately fell to his knees.

I kind of like the way you look when you're down on your knees, honey! I could easily get used to seeing you that way on a regular basis. She taunted, fully enjoying her new found power Now spread your legs, put your arms behind your back, and relax!

Darlene took the piece of rope that Brian had brought her. As a young girl, Darlene had spent lots of time with her grandfather, a seasoned sailor. She had been also active in the Girl Scouts. So she knew exactly what to do with a rope. She made noose like loops at either end of the length of rope and knotted them securely. She slung one loop around Greg's wrists, tightened it with several knots and then she let the line drop down to the floor, took that loop and bound his ankles with it raising them about six inches off the floor. She tied the loop tightly without totally cutting off his blood circulation. He was trussed up hands and feet behind him and trussed to each other - unable to move.

I hope you're comfortable, honey. Cause you're going to have to stay tied-up in that position for quite a while. Then she turned to Greg and spoke. Get on the bed Greg, I want you to lie face up ... and be quick about it!

He did so immediately. Darlene smiled in satisfaction. That's good. I like how well you listen. When I say something, I expect that you will do what I say without question. Do I make myself clear?

Yes Ma'am. Perfectly clear.

She turned her attention back to her husband. Seeing that his erection had gone soft, she grabbed his ball sac and began playing with his balls, then she ran her finger along the sensitive underside of the rim of his circumcised cock-head. Brian's cock was responding just as she wanted it to. As it stiffened she gave the shaft and playful tug and then gripped it between her thumb and fingers. Then she gave it a second firmer yank, and twisting it as she did so.

Brian winced and said Ouch!! again . It hurt, but Darlene's gestures were obviously having the effect that she intended them to have. Brian's cock was now hard as a rock. A tiny droplet of pre-cum formed in his pisshole and began moistening the knob shaped head. Darlene removed a tube of something from the nightstand, she hid the lettering so that neither Brian nor Greg could read it. She squeezed the tube and let a small dab of the white unguent fall into her fingers. She put the tube back on the nightstand, leaving it uncovered and rubbed the greasy dab into her fingers. Then, without hesitating she reached out for her husband's cock and slid her salve covered finger tips over his exposed and tender cockhead.

Brian screamed as the burning pain coursed through his cock. She picked up the tube from the nightstand and showed it to him so that he could now read the words 'BEN GAY' written on it.

Ouch!! OUCH! OUCH!! That burns, Darlene. That really hurts. He yelled again and again as the burning sensation continued. Then she touched his sensitive glans once more with her greasy finger tips and he winced again and resumed his screaming

Darlene smiled in satisfaction. Then she frowned in mock indignation 'Brian, you're making much too much noise and I'm afraid that the sounds will keep me from concentrating on Greg and worse yet, they may wake up the neighbors. After all it is nearly 2:30 AM and this is a quiet neighborhood. I suppose that I'm going to have to muffle the noise. Now where did I drop my panties? Oh yes here they are. Darlene picked up her panties from the floor. She approached her helpless kneeling husband once more. His eyes were filled with tears. She allowed her husband breathe in the scents of her naked body. Her pubic hair brushed against the tip of his nose teasing him and letting him take in the lingering fragrance of her recent orgasm. Then she moved away slightly, took the pair of panties and wedged them into the slit of her wet vagina. His eyes followed every move as she ran the fabric up and down the length of her moistened labia and into her slit. She allowed it to absorb the musky wetness of her just eaten twat. Darlene lingered near and hovered over her husband allowing him to explore her voluptuous breasts with his eyes. She wanted to make certain that he fully appreciated her assets. His throbbing cock spoke volumes. Then she reached down again and rubbed her Ben Gay covered finger on his sensitive cock. Just as he began to scream again, Darlene deftly popped her panties into his open mouth and pushed them in. She quickly grabbed some surgical tape she'd placed on the bureau and sealed it tightly over his mouth.
