 College was, sexually, quite the disappointment. I went away from home to a big state school. I was new to the place, didn't know anyone, and I just seemed to have bad luck finding anyone to have sex with. So it was masturbation days, all the way. My finger was in my pussy so much that I was afraid I'd fall in love with it. I did well in school, though. With nothing else to do but jerk off, I studied. 

The four years seemed to go by really fast, with only a few brief sexual episodes, mostly with boys; a few with girls. But none of them were very satisfying. Apparently the dumb jocks in my little one-horse home town knew more about sex than the any of the so-called college boys I encountered. 

After college I masturbated even more. Playing with myself really turned into a real habit for me. For one thing, I had a lot more free time.And for another, I got a (stupid) corporate job, and, to my great disappointment, theguys at work, as well as the men I met in bars, made the hayseeds I had known in college look like a bunch of hot lovers. 

So I played with my pussy a lot. I was desperate. So desperate, actually.in fact, that I turned to the Internet. It started out as a search for something to get me more aroused when I felt like masturbating. I found a bunch of sex sites, and sampled them, and I liked looking at the pornographic pictures and sex movies while I played with my cunt.

But then I found this site that really excited me. It was a sex chat room, where people sent in pictures and movies of their cocks and pussies and tits and assholes for other people to look at, and where the online conversations were absolutely, utterly nasty! I kind of became addicted to that site; every night, after work, I would go online and watch people fuck and suck, and I'd type in how hot my pussy was and how much I needed a fuck. 

I got a lot of requests for pictures, so I got a digital camera and photographed myself (from the neck down) naked and masturbating and sent the pictures in. Boy, did I get a lot of responses! Men and women, all wanting to have sex with me! It was very gratifying. I looked through the pictures I got, and read the bios (everyone who responded had to send a little note about themselves). 

Most of the bios were either stupid or seemed like bullshit. And I recognized some of the pictures from Internet porn sites, so I knew those were bogus. But the pictures from two of the men interested me. Their bios were a little more intelligent, and seemed genuine, and their pictures of their erect cocks looked home-made, and were, even more importantly, absolutely mouth-watering!

So I started corresponding with one of the guys. I hadn't had good sex in a long time. I had been jerking off and fantsizing a lot, and my imagination had gotten pretty wild, so what I proposed to the guy was the absolutely nastiest scenario I could imagine. 

I wanted to meet him naked, except for a shoes and a raincoat, in a public place, and have him reach inside my raincoat and finger my pussy right out there in the open. He had to have a raincoat too, and be naked inside it; I was going to put my hand in and stroke his cock til he squirted cum all over me, hopefully while people watched. Then I wanted to go dancing. While we danced at the club I wanted to pull up my skirt (no panties, of course,) and let him put his cock in my wet pussy right there on the dance floor! 

Then, of course, we'd go back to the apartment and fuck some more. This was the part I was really looking forward to. I didn't really care if all the public sex stuff happened or not. I really just suggested it to feel nasty and to get my pussy hot. What really I wanted was to sit on a hard cock, feeling my clitoris rubbing against it as I worked myself up and down. I wanted to feel someone stroke and squeeze my nipples as we fucked. I wanted to orgasm as a hard penis pushed deep into my hot wet cunt. 

I sent the guy (who said his name was Bob) this proposal, and to my great delight, he wrote back saying he'd love to. He lived in a different city. He would meet me, he said, at the train station. He'd be wearing the raincoat, and his cock would be out of his pants and ready for me. I could hardly believe it! I was filled with a mixture of anticipation and apprehension. But mostly, I was just horny as hell thinking about it. Real sex again! It was tempting to fantasize about it and masturbate. At one point I decided to save myself for the actual occasion. 

Then I thought, fuck it! and fingered my pussy and clit into a delicious little cum! Afterwards I was laying in bed, feeling kind of dreamy, thinking about the cock I was going to fuck, when a crazy idea struck me. Why not fuck both of these guys? 

So I wrote to the other guy whose letters and pictures I liked. I felt very oral at that point, so I wrote about how much I liked the taste of a man's genitals. I told him that I really liked the pictures of his cock and testicles that he sent. I told him I wanted to taste them. I asked if we could get together so I could lick his balls. I told how much I liked having sperm in my mouth. I told him that I wanted to suck on his cock until his hot cum flowed all over my tongue and lips. I said that if he would let me suck his sperm, I'd let him fuck me in the asshole (which was an exciting idea, but one I wasn't actually sure about). 

He wrote back right away and we made arrangements to meet at my apartment building the day after Bob arrived. His name was Larry. I didn't tell Larry about Bob, or Bob about Larry. I thought it could be a a nice surprise for both of them. I mean, who, in their right mind, would turn down a hot three way sex orgy? Not me. 

After I read Larry's letter, I thought about the anal sex offer I'd made to him. I thought about having two men at the same time; where I would let them put their big, erect cocks; all the things I could let them do to my tits and asshole and pussy and mouth. I leaned back and closed my eyes. As I imagined some of the possibilities, my fingers wandered down to my pussy lips. They were wet. I caressed them and gave myself a little tingle. Then I felt my clitoris to see if it was hard. It was pulsating with sexual heat. I couldn't stand it. I masturbated again. I just love orgasms.

The boys were due to arrive in two days when I got a bomb of an e-mail from Larry. He asked if his wife could come along. His wife? I didn't even know he was married. At first I was furious, but then I took a look at the pictures of his wife that he sent. There were pictures of her naked, pictures of her masturbating (it looked like she was making herself cum) and pictures of the two of them having sex together. There was one picture of her with his cock up her asshole that somehow just set my pussy ablaze! Her vagina was swollen and wet, her nipples were hard, and she had a look on her face of utter sexual ecstasy! 

I wrote right back and told Larry to bring her along. He replied that she could arrive a day earlier than him (which would be the next day), if that was OK with me. I thought of Jeanelle and Aunt Ellen, and sent off the OK right away. 

The wife, who was named Renee, was due early afternoon at my apartment. That next day I was itching with anticipation. I tried masturbating a few times, but compared to knowing I might be having a woman soon, it just wasn't good enough. I got my apartment all neat and clean and stocked in some nice wine and flowers. And I got myself ready: showered, perfumed, and dressed to fuck in a miniskirt, no panties, and a skimpy little strapless top. 

Finally the doorbell to my apartment building rang. I buzzed her in and took the elevator down to meet the wife. As soon as I saw her I wanted her. She was prettier than her photos. We hugged and said hello and got on the elevator up to my apartment. 

I kept my arm around her in the elevator. She put her arm around me, stroking my hips and waist. I played with her hair and gave her a little kiss on the ear. Her eyes met mine and we kissed, our lips wide open, our tongues licking and probing deep inside each others' mouths. Renee stroked my body as we kissed, caressing my breasts and squeezing my nipples. I pulled down her top to expose her firm, delicious tits, so I could suck them. 

Then, halfway up, the elevator door opened and a young couple stepped in. Renee flashed them a smile, but made no attempt to cover up, and went back to kissing me. When the elevator stopped on my floor, we were practically naked. We'd felt every part of each others' bodies, including each others' wet, excited cunts. As we got off the elevator I noticed that the young couple were kissing. The girl was stroking her guy's penis through his pants; then he was unzipping, and as the door closed I saw her fumble his very erect cock out and sink to her knees to suck it. That was nice. 

As soon as we got into my apartment Renee slid my top off (I had already dropped my miniskirt in the hallway), slithered out of her clothes, slid down my body so that her face was on my naked breasts, and, rubbing her erect nipples against my tummy and crotch, began to suck and lick and nibble my tits. Her hands were all over me: my tits, my ass, my pussy; she kept stroking up anddown my butt cheeks as she sucked on my tits; then she'd let her finger stray into my ass-crack and stroke hard across my butthole, probing and feeling my very hot little anus! 

It gave me such a rush of excitement to have my asshole stimulated like that! I gasped and moaned with lust as Renee made hot, horny love to me! I wanted her to have me. I wanted her to do anything she wanted to with me. I wanted my sex to be all hers, to stimulate and play with til that moment when I'd explode in orgasm! We went into the bedroom and I lay down, my legs and my wet vulva wide open and ready for her. She lay beside me and, looking into my eyes, stroked all over my body with her hands. Every touch sent thrills of pleasure through me! 

Then she slid her fingers into my wet, tender pussy and began to finger-fuck me! God, it felt good! As she pushed in and out of my cunt with her fingers, the pressure pulled on the skin of my clit, stimulating it and sending pulses of sweet sexual feeling through my whole body! And in additrion, the heel of her hand was rubbing against my clitoris each time she fucked her fingers into my wet sensitive vagina! I could feel an orgasm coming! 

Apparently, Renee could feel it too, because she squirmed down my body and, finger still inside me, began licking my cunt! She licked and sucked on my clitoris, in a rhythm that just drove me wild! She had mounted my leg, and was humping her clit against my calf! She must have been really excited,because my leg was slippery with her pussy juice! I moaned and squeezed my tits as she licked. The faster she licked me the closer the orgasm got! 

And just when I was nearly cumming, Renee gasped through my pussy: "God, honey, I'm gonna cum now!" She spasmed and jerked her cunt against my leg in orgasm! It was more than I could stand! I came hard! It was like I'd been hit by lightening! Waves of ecstasy just engulfed me! I forgot where I was! All there was was pleasure! I moaned and screamed and bucked, and Renee squirmed just as hard against me! We came and came! 

I kind of passed out after that. I know we slept in each others' arms for a while. Then I was awakened by the strangest, most pleasurable sensation! I was laying kind of half on my stomach and half on my side. Renee was at the bottom of the bed, her face resting against my buttocks. She was deliberately, tenderly licking my asshole! It got me so aroused! We made love all over again!

That evening, after our second set of orgasms, when we were done fucking for the night and Renee was asleep, I e-mailed Bob and told him to forget all about the raincoats and the sex on the dance floor and all that. I told him about Larry and Renee, and asked him if he would like to just come have a four way sex party with us. He replied almost immediately that that sounded great. 

I hadn't told Larry about Bob yet, so I e-mailed him, too. I told him about all the sex I had had with his wife, and asked him if it was OK if another man joined us the next day. He wrote back right away too. He told me it would only be OK if I agreed to suck his cock while he watched the other guy screw his wife in the asshole. I got a good laugh out of that. I was really looking forward to the next day!

Bob was due to arrive the next morning. Renee's husband Larry was supposed to show up at about noon. That next morning, after breakfast Renee and I talked about what we should do when Bob arrived. We decided to get things going with him by giving him a little lesbian sex show. 

When Bob rang up, I buzzed him in and we both went down to meet him at the lobby. Bob was one nice looking guy! And he seemed like a really nice person, too. I liked him right away. We introduced ourselves all around, and we all hugged hello. Renee and I were both naked under our dresses; I really pressed my body, especially my breasts, against Bob when we hugged. For some reason my breasts, particularly my nipples, felt especially sexual that morning. I was hoping that Bob could feel how hard my nipples were through my clothes. 

As per our plan, when we got on the elevator Renee and I started kissing. As we kissed we slipped off most of each others' clothes. My tits really were hot that morning. I squeezed and fondled them while I sucked on Renee's active little tongue. By the time we got to my floor, Renee and I had nearly undressed each other. Our tits were naked. I began to pull off Renee's skirt. 

Bob was stroking his dick through his pants as he watched us. Renee had her hand inside my dress (what little was left on me) and was fondling my crotch. She was stroking my slippery wet pussy lips, and every now and then she would slide her fingers between them and kind of flick my clitoris. Whenever she did that a jolt of pleasure would go through me, and I'd get more and more aroused, til I thought I'd go crazy! 

When we got into the apartment, there were no formalities. I was way too horny for that. I wanted to get Renee's pussy as hot and hungry as she had gotten mine. I wanted to make her have an orgasm, right there, in front of Bob. Speaking of Bob, he had caught on by this time. By the time we got to the bedroom his pants were off, and was eagerly masturbating his big, hard,delicious cock as he watched Renee and I have our horny lesbian sex. 

We went straight to the bedroom. I stripped off the last of Renee's clothes, slid my hand down to her wet, open cunt, stuck my fingers inside her, and began to finger-fuck her as hard as I could! Renee started moaning and squirming in pleasure, humping her hips against hand my as I fucked her. I slid down her body, keeping my fingers inside her vagina. My intention was to start licking her clit as I masturbated her pussy. 

I was on all fours between her legs, pushing my hand in and out of her wet cunt, when suddenly I felt the most delicious thing! I had been completely absorbed in masturbating Renee, and I hadn't even noticed that Bob, now completely naked, had positioned himself behind me, and now he slid his big, beautiful penis right up into my cunt! God, it felt good! I nearly orgasmed right then and there! I forgot what I was doing, and just kneeled there, my face resting on Renee's pubic mound, my fingers up her pussy, savoring the sweet, delicious feeling of a thick, hot penis sliding in and out of my wet, hot, sensitive cunt! 

I kind of came to when Renee wiggled out from under me. First she kissed me, then she turned me over onto my back. Then she lowered her vagina onto right my face! Bob had cooperated with all this, pulling his dick out of my dripping pussy while I turned over. Then, when I was in position, tasting Renee's deliciously offered cunt, he slid his penis back into me and began rhythmically, steadily pumping his dick in and out of my hot, swollen vagina. It was like heaven; licking a hot, wet, quivering cunt and getting beautifully fucked by a big, hard penis, all at the same time! 

I was licking Renee's clitoris with all my might when suddenly she orgasmed! Her body jerked and she let out a series of sharp cries and gasps, then she let out a long, low moan and humped herself against my mouth. I could feel her vagina spasming against my tongue and lips, and a soft stream of sex fluid flowed out of her cunt, down the sides of my face and into my mouth. 

That got me so horny! I wanted to cum too! Renee kind of rolled off me. She lay beside me, kissing me as she fingered her own cunt and clitoris, masturbating the last little bits of orgasm out of her pussy. She kissed me on the ear. "Sit on him." she whispered, "I want to play with your body while he fucks you!" 

That sounded good to me! I got up, pushed Bob down on the bed, and lowered my vagina down onto his cock. Renee kneeled beside me and began stroking my breasts and ass as I humped myself on Bob's nice, thick cock. Then Renee pushed me down backwards, so I was kind of laying on my back on Bob, his dick head still buried deep in my slit. Renee started kissing down my body. 

I realized what she was doing. She was going to lick my clit while I fucked! I grabbed Renee's head and pushed it down to my open vagina. I held my pussy lips open for her, and her tongue snaked out and flicked again and again against my swollen clitoris! It was so exquisite! I was getting fucked from behind, which I love, because when a penis goes in from the back, it penetrates so deep and caresses some of the most sensitive spots in my cunt! And at the same time, my clit was being stimulated by a hot, soft tongue! 

Every push of his cock, every stroke of her tongue, brought waves of greater and greater sexual pleasure, till I couldn't stand it any more. I orgasmed! I bucked and screamed and moaned as bolts of ecstatic sexual feeling shot through my body like thunderbolts! I came so hard, and so long, and so many times, that I passed out.

When I came to, I was laying alone on the bed. Bob, who had put on his pants, was sitting on the edge of the bed beside me. I could hear Renee in the shower. Bob leaned over and kissed me. I put my arms around him and kissed him hard, pulling him close against me. He lay down next to me and held me in his arms. I really liked being held so tenderly like that. We lay together for a while. Renee came out of the shower wearing a towel, drying her hair. 

"Larry called." she announced, " He'll be here pretty soon." I wondered aloud how long I'd been asleep. They told me I had been out cold for the last two hours. That was a surprise. But I felt really good. Relaxed and rested. But I wanted to be ready for Larry, and especially, for our upcoming fourway orgy. Two cocks in me at once! It made me all wet and sticky, just anticipating it. I got up and went to shower.

While I was washing myself, Bob came in to use the bathroom. When he was done, he asked jokingly, "Why don't you invite me in?" "Come in." I said. He dropped his pants immediately and came into the shower. I couldn't keep my hands off him. I really liked him, and he had such a nice penis. I had to touch it. We kissed, and our hands slid into each others' crotches. I took hold of his cock and stroked it; meanwhile he slid his hand between my legs and began gently fingering my pussy and clit. I don't know how long we stood there, playing with each others' genitals. Finally I heard Renee calling. "Hey, Larry's downstairs. How do I buzz him in?"

I quickly dried off and wrapped myself in a towel and ran out to the other room to show her. She asked me if I wanted to go downstairs and meet him with her - I could tell she was thinking about making out in the elevator again - but I kept thinking about Bob's hard dick, waiting for me there in the bathroom. I told Renee that maybe instead I'd just meet Larry here, dressed like this, in a towel, all ready for sex. Renee looked over at the bathroom, where Bob had just emerged. You could see his erect penis pushing out against the towel he was wrapping around himself. She gave me a knowing smile, said "OK", and went down to get her husband. 
