 This story was written as part of a challenge for the members of a yahoo group that had all of us using a common starting point, (a story starter) and then continuing the story as we saw fit. What follows is my take on the story.

**************************************************

Date Night

Saturday was our date night. It was a chance to change the tempo of our life and we looked forward to it each week as Saturday drew closer. For background, we are a mid thirties couple, Tom and Erin, no children, both working professionals, both physically active and pretty open sexually.

We would pick an old favorite most of the time for dinner but tonight we decided to try somewhere new. The write-ups in the local paper had been good and besides the restaurant, there was a live music club in the back.

Dinner was as good as advertised and the staff was very friendly, even to the point of I'm pretty sure that our waitress, Jamie, was flirting with both of us and had mentioned that if we were going to stay for the band tonight she was off in a couple of hours.

The club itself was good sized and by the time the band had started there were a couple of hundred people in it. We danced with each other, with others on the floor and even our waitress found us in the crowd and joined us for a while. There was one couple in particular, of similar age, both very attractive, that spent some time with us at a table while we took a break from dancing and had a few drinks.

We were both feeling the effects of the alcohol and the mood of the crowd and our inhibitions, if any were pretty much set aside. The pleasant conversation turned to flirting with the other couple and our waitress from the restaurant made sure we knew that she was interested in us when she found us again on the dance floor.

By 1am the band was done and we looked at each other knowing we had some decisions to make. Neither of us wanted the night to be over. It was just a matter of what we desired and the possibilities were numerous…

I think Jamie made the decision for us when she walked over and took both of our hands and said "It's too early to call it a night."

"I agree," Erin told her. "Let me say goodbye to the other couple and you two figure out where we go from here," she added and then walked over to the bar where the other couple was standing.

"Your wife is gorgeous," Jamie said, "and I'm feeling really naughty tonight so I hope you can handle it."

All I could do was smile and then asked her "You ok with coming back to our place?" "We've got a 4 person hot tub and it's a good night for being out under the stars, swimsuit optional of course."

Erin had made her way back to us and hearing my last comment told Jamie, "It's naked or not at all."

Arm in arm we walked out to the parking lot and Erin suggested that she ride with Jamie rather than have her follow us. My lack of a passenger on the ride home gave me some time to think about what might go on the rest of the evening and I was pretty sure that even though I would enjoy it, the rest of this night was about the two ladies in the other car. It had been almost a year since we had involved anyone else in our sex life so we were probably way past due. I know Erin was excited and with Jamie being as forward as she had been it seemed like just the push we'd needed tonight to open things up once more.

It didn't surprise me that I was the first one home. I pulled the cover off of the hot tub, got towels out for everyone, and set to making a pitcher of margaritas. The girls still were not home by the time I was finished so I took the pitcher and glasses out to the patio, stripped, and poured myself a drink before climbing in the tub. I was leaning back and lost in the warm water when the girls finally arrived.

I knew better than to ask what had kept them and instead told them that the towels were already out and there was a pitcher of margaritas on the table. They were out of their clothes quickly and I got my first look at Jamie naked when she climbed into the tub. She had larger breasts than I had thought originally and her nipples were already very stiff. She had nothing for a waist and wide, sensual hips that were too soon hidden from my sight as she submerged in the water.

She leaned forward to kiss me lightly as Erin climbed in and made room for her to sit in between us. Instead of sitting between us though, Erin sat on my lap and lay back into me. She reached out for Jamie and I watched as they kissed passionately, their hands roaming all over each other.

Even in the water, I could tell how wet Erin was already and I was content for now feeling her squirming on top of me as my fingers toyed in between her pussy lips and her clit. Jamie's mouth and hands were busy with Erin's nipples and as I deliberately strummed her clit harder her moans increased in volume. Jamie's fingers were sliding in and out of Erin's pussy now and it put her over the edge quickly and neither Jamie nor I let up on the assault on Erin. Three, four times she came in quick succession, each one building on the prior one and if it hadn't been for Jamie's mouth covering Erin's her cries would have been heard all over the neighborhood. 

My cock was stone hard right now and when Erin rose up from my lap I felt a hand (Jamie?) guiding the head into Erin's still spasming pussy.

"Oh god Tom.... yessss.. fuck me," Erin hissed and slammed back down on my lap, burying me completely inside of her.

We were both lost to the passion of the moment as I thrust up time after time into her and she in turn matched my movements. Jamie was standing in front of us, one hand and her mouth playing with Erin's breasts, the other hand stimulating her own clit.

We were all breathing hard and Erin's pussy was so tight around my cock that I knew I wouldn't last much longer. It came sooner than I thought when Jamie stopped playing with her clit and cupped and fondled my balls. Two more quick thrusts into Erin and I was cumming hard, every muscle in my body tense as I shot spurt after spurt deep inside of her.

Except for her pussy, which continued to spasm, Erin had stopped moving altogether and laid back almost limp against me while our breathing and hearts started to slow and settle. Jamie had moved closer and was whispering in Erin's ear then softly kissing the side of her face and neck. She had a radiant smile on her face and all I could think of to tell her at the moment was "thanks."

"I'm next," she said in reply. "Does she always cum that hard?"

"It's been a while but yeah, she gets pretty intense like that most of the time," I answered.

Erin stirred in my lap and reached out for Jamie to pull her in close. 

"I owe you girlfriend," she told her. "Let's get out of the water and see what we can do about returning the favor."

"You don't have to Erin, it's okay." 

"Fuck that!" Erin said. "I can give as good as I get and I want you. I want to taste you when I make you cum like I just did."

She reached for Jamie, pulling her close, and kissed her fiercely as her hands wandered over her breasts and eventually down between her legs to slide her fingers inside of her. When her mouth moved to suck on and tease her nipples Jaime spread her legs wider and I watched silently as Erin took control of the other woman. Her mouth left Jamie's breasts long enough to tell her to sit on the edge of the hot tub and once seated, she knelt down in between her legs.

I could see how wet she was already when Erin used both hands to spread the lips of Jamie's smooth, bare pussy and with her lips and tongue began teasing her. Erin hadn't been with a lot of other women but I knew that she would take care of our new friend like she had always done with me. It would be slow, painfully sensual teasing to the edge of cumming and then back off, only to start again.

It wasn't long and Jamie was moving against Erin's mouth, trying to get off, moaning every time she got close to cumming and feeling Erin ease up.

"Don't cum yet sweetie," Erin told her. "This is just to get you warmed up for the bedroom."

Jamie let out a very audible sigh and said "then let's get in there, I can't take any more of this teasing."

I was the first one out of the hot tub and handed both girls towels after helping them out. Jamie was understandably shaky on her legs and Erin and I put our arms around her as the three of us left the patio and walked back into the house. I left them at the door to the bedroom and went back to the kitchen to get some ice water and glasses thinking that none of us needed any more alcohol tonight.

By the time I got back to the bedroom Erin had pulled back the duvet and covers and she and Jamie were laying on their sides, each with a leg between the other's, kissing passionately. I could tell from the sounds of their moans and whimpers that they were right back to where they had left off in the hot tub.

I set the glasses and pitcher down and sat on the side of the bed, watching as Erin broke their kiss and started moving her mouth slowly down Jamie's body. When she got to her breasts, she ran the tip of her tongue around one, then the other nipple and I could see them stiffening from her teasing. When she took one between her lips and suckled it, Jamie moved a hand down to the back of Erin's head to hold it in place.

"God that feel good," she hissed as Erin continued to suck hard on it.

Her mouth was still on Jamie's breasts when she reached down to slide her fingers in between the lips of her pussy and from where I was sitting I could see that Jamie was wet again. Erin lifted her head from Jamie's breasts and I watched as she brought her fingers to Jamie's mouth to lick clean. She sucked them all the way into her mouth, trapping them there for a minute before she finally released them.

"Grab a pillow Tom," Erin told me.

I reached for one from the top of the bed and when Erin told Jamie to lift up her hips, placed it under the small of her back as Erin slid down between her legs. 

"Don't tease me this time," Jamie moaned as Erin's lips and tongue started in on her pussy.

She wasn't being gentle now as she licked from top to bottom and back up between her lips. Each time she got near Jamie's clit she ran her tongue roughly over it and at times took it between her lips to suck on it. I wasn't sitting and watching anymore either. I had moved up the bed so that I could continue to play with Jamie's breasts as Erin had been doing before, and the combination of sensations soon had her squirming on the bed beneath us.

I could tell when Erin slid her fingers inside of her because she spread her legs further apart and cried out "Yesssss.... I need to cum so bad...don't stop!"

I didn't need to see what she was doing when Jamie's orgasm rolled through her. I knew her fingers were buried inside her pussy, stimulating her G-spot as she held her clit between her lips, using the tip of her tongue to stimulate it and push her over the edge. Looks like what I did to send Erin over the top worked for Jamie too.

It was so incredibly sexy watching the two of them, Jamie cumming in strong, body-shaking waves, and Erin continuing her assault on her pussy like a woman possessed. Jamie kept cumming every couple of minutes and each time she did she would cry out, telling us how good it felt until finally, she said in a weak voice, "Enough."

Erin left her fingers inside of Jamie but stopped stroking them in and out, and kissed softly along the inside of her thighs. She let Jamie come down slowly and in a few minutes her breathing had retuned to an almost normal rate. She removed her fingers, offering them to me to taste and lick clean.

Jamie reached down to stroke Erin's face and told her "I think that makes us even, doesn't it?"

"Not quite," she replied. "You still need to be fucked, if you're up for it."

I looked at Jamie and kind of shrugged my shoulders wondering what her answer would be.

She smiled and said, "I need something to drink, a warm, wet towel and then look out mister, you're mine."

Erin was practically clapping at her reply and while I poured some ice water for Jamie, she went to get the towel.

Between then and sunrise, both girls found their way on top of me at some point and on top of each other once again. We all slept until early afternoon and we promised Jamie that we would indeed find our way back to see her for another encounter. Erin had her arm around my waist as we watched Jamie pull out of the driveway and as we walked back inside all I could think about was how lucky I was to have her with me, that and what the next date night would bring.

DB 4/05