 As we were leaving the bookstore Shawn and I were walking out together because Debbie stopped to talk to the clerk. Shawn was saying how tired he was and was thinking about heading home. After some arm twisting by me and of course another look at Debbie's fine ass in her leather skirt he was persuaded to come to our house with us. As Debbie joined us she said she invited the dress wearing guy known as the clerk to join us at our home. Shawn and I just looked at her not sure what was going on in her mind but with the things that had already happened tonight we knew we were in for some more fun and sexy time!

While we were driving home we had Shawn and the clerk sitting in the back seat making small talk as only guys who have shared a snowball can. My beautiful wife Debbie was seated in the passenger seat napping so I had time to reflect on the night so far. While at the bar/restaurant Debbie gave Shawn a wonderful handjob and I had taken her from behind while bending her over the car hood. We then proceeded to her favorite bookstore where she got a load from a stranger through a gloryhole and she also got to ride a brand new toy while giving me a hummer while our friend Shawn was being spit roasted between a BBC coming through the gloryhole and our new friend known as the clerk. I also got my first chance to slide my cock into a tight ass as I was able to slide into the clerks ass and make a deposit!

While pondering all of this activity I've also been thinking about what is coming up next, while Debbie is in her 60's she seems to have endless energy tonight. With the four of us heading back to our place it seems the sky is the limit on what the rest of the night holds for us.

As I pulled into the driveway and parked I couldn't help but just look at my beautiful wife Debbie, still asleep with her head resting on the passenger window. She was just so beautiful, she was also my best friend I couldn't picture my life without her in it. 

I gave the guys the keys so they could hit the bar while I woke up Debbie. I gently shook her shoulder and whispered in her ear "I love you beautiful", she just smiled and stretched pushing out her boobs the way women do. I told her I sent the guys in to start the bar hopping and she just smiled some more and asked if I was ready for the festivities! I just smiled and brushed her cheek and said " I'd follow that beautiful ass anywhere!"

As we walked to the house I again got to admire Debbie's beautiful ass swaying in that tight leather skirt, all the while thinking what a lucky guy I am. 

We entered the house and headed into the kitchen to see what the guys were up too. Well not surprisingly the bottle of Jameson was out with shots already lined up for everyone. Of course Jameson is like potato chips, you can't just have one, so the shots were flowing freely and that was probably loosening up Debbie a little more and everyone else for that matter. 

The shots kept flowing which lead to the cloths becoming looser and looser, as far as I'm concerned the more skin the better. 

Along with less cloths came more groping, the clerk and Shawn were sitting on either side of Debbie. She was alternating between the clerks wanton mouth and Shawns. The clerk had a hand between her legs while Shawn was kneading her perfect tits, alternating between the fleshy part and pinching her now engorged nipples. The clerk continued to rub on Debbie's glorious pussy occasionally flicking on her clit. As they continued with there make out session they would alternate between Shawn and Debbie, the clerk and Debbie and Shawn and the clerk all while they were now all only dressed in there undergarments. 

I was also down to my underwear while sitting and watching my wife and friends having some quality time. Apparently the clerk likes the sausage more than the clam as he adjusted to his knees so that he could gobble up Shawns hard cock. There they were before me, my wife in her bra and thong sucking face with our buddy Shawn while the male clerk from the adult bookstore was on his knees in front of them slobbering all over Shawns cock. 

The clerks head bobbing up and down, Shawns cock just glisten with his spit. Up and down with the slurping sounds that guys love so much. Shawn just moaning into Debbies mouth while he is kneeding on her awesome tits and pinching her sensitive nipples. As Shawn moved a hand to her sensitive clit she let out a moan, with Shawn just rubbing away at her clit she was starting to feel it build. Slowly around and around he worked that sensitive clit. By her breathing I could tell her orgasm was building.

The clerks head bobbing up and down, Shawns hand moving around and around and finally Debbie blew, she just tensed up and inhaled deeply and just held in her breath while her orgasm washed over her!

As her orgasm subsided Debbie asked me how I liked the view. I could see Shawn rubbing that hot pussy while he was being blown by the clerk. His ass, the first ass I have ever fucked right in front of me.

I could see the look in Debbie's eyes, she needed to be fucked! She pushed the clerks head away from Shawns cock and quickly straddled his cock. She slid down his shaft easily with a mix of her ample juices and the clerks spit on Shawns cock. The clerk was eyeing Debbie's fine ass while she was riding Shawns cock. I don't know if she just sensed his interest in her tight ass or maybe felt a stray hand but she told him NO, her ass was reserved for her husband only! Upon hearing this the clerk to move towards Shawns head to get a little return on his earlier work on Shawns cock. While I was only seeing Debbie's ass after hearing her tell the clerk that it was only for me I knew it needed a little lube first. I moved around to the clerks head and shoved my cock in his wet mouth. In and out I thrust into his mouth while Debbie pumped her wet pussy onto Shawns cock while he simultaneously slobbered all over the clerks cock that was easily sliding into his mouth.

While I was loving sliding my cock into the clerks mouth I've always wanted to fuck my beautiful wife's tight ass. Now that my cock was good and wet from the clerks hot mouth I moved behind my wife while she was still riding on Shawns hard cock. I spit on her asshole for a little extra lube and she just looked behind her and said its what you've wanted for a lot of years, take it! I proceed to slide my cock back and forth in my spit around the outside of her tight ass, lube her up as much as I could.

As Debbie paused her riding of Shawns cocks for a second I slowly gave a small push as my mushroom popped into her tight ass. Her breathing intensified as I feed a little more into her slowly, and then pull out till just the head is in there then slowly slide a little more into the tightest space I have ever felt. As I eased more and more into her tight hole she started to ride on Shawns cock again, in and out of her wet hot pussy as I pump in and out of her tight ass. All the while Shawn is still slobbering on the clerks cock.

The sounds were incredible, hips slapping against ass checks, the clerks cock being slobberedon by Shawns mouth, the grunts and groans coming from Debbie's mouth as she is DP'd with my cock sliding in and out of her tight ass while Shawn is holding her hips pumping into her wet pussy.

Apparently Shawn was sucking the clerks cock expertly because he was the first to let loose. With a grunt he grabbed Shawns head and erupted in his mouth, spurt after spurt filling his mouth with warm cum till it was literally overflowing. The clerks cum ran out of Shawns mouth and down onto his chest and upon seeing this Debbie instinctively starts to lick it up.

I don't know if it was seeing his chest full of cum, or feeling his mouth fill with cum or just Debbie's tight and wet pussy but Shawn was next to let fly. He just grabbed her hips and held her down tight on his cock and pumped her wet pussy full of cum with a groan! 

I wasn't done however, as Debbie's wet pussy slid off of Shawns cock I just grabbed her hips and started pounding her tight ass. The sound of my hips slapping against her ass sounded so load maybe the neighbors heard it. In and out of that tight ass I pumped until I couldn't hold back anymore. I grabbed her hips and slammed balls deep into that tight ass as I unloaded what felt like the biggest load I have ever shot. I just held her tight against me as I pumped shot after shot into her ass.

We just kinda of stayed there relishing in the glow I guess, I eased out of Debbie's ass and heard and felt a plop. My cum started to run out of her tight ass and all she did was turn to me and ask if it was worth the wait? I just smiled and said from my end "hell yeah"

After relaxing with our friends for a bit we invited them to spend the night so they wouldn't have drive and maybe to extend our date night to an extra night!