 When I was 30 I met a beautiful 25 year old redhead named Penny who was a real, no-doubt-about-it nymphomaniac. The woman just plain loved sex - the more and the wilder the better - usually just with one man at a time, but sometimes with 2 or 3 (she tried women a couple of times but didn't like it because they "didn't have a cock"),

For several wonderful years, that one lucky guy was mostly me. And while I obviously had to realize and accept that there would be other men in her life, it was worth it because she was a great lover, with a pretty face, world-class 38-D breasts, and a killer body. And she was smart and interesting with a great sense of humor. So when you added in the sex-crazed part, it was a damn nice package.

We usually got together once or twice a week, went to dinner, got buzzed on booze and weed in a bar, and then went to her place or mine and enjoyed a lot of great sex of all kinds and every variety. Sometimes we'd even do it outside in public places to make it riskier and more exciting, and occasionally in included another guy or two. (She said she liked me because I treated her "like a lover not a whore".)

It worked out good because both of us were single, we both made good money (I owned an advertising biz and she owned a beauty salon), and neither were interested in being tied down to a committed, monogamous relationship. 

One night at dinner she said she'd been having fantasies about "getting gang banged".

"Well then do it," I said. "You surely know enough men to put a group together. What's holding you back?"

"Fear I guess" she said.

"Fear of what?"

"Fear of getting hurt, or beat up, or even killed if things got out of hand and it was just me and a bunch of guys. I need someone to be there to keep things in control and safe." Then she looked me in the eyes and gave me a sultry little smile.

"Oh. I see. You want ME to be that person, right?"

"Yes. You'd be perfect, Jim. You know how to manager and control people, and you wouldn't let anyone hurt me. Will you do it?"

I thought about it for a minute. "I couldn't be a participant," I said. "I'd have to stay off to the side and watch for trouble. And it wouldn't be easy just to watch and not join in. But I don't want you to get hurt. So yeah, I'll do it."

"You're a doll, Jim. I couldn't think of anyone else I could trust as much as you."

"Have you thought about what guys and how many?"

"Yeah, and I think five men would be good, so even if two came quick and dropped out for awhile there'd still be three good to go."

"Okay. Do you have any guys in mind?"

"I've thought about that a lot. And I came up with a list of nice guys who I've never had any trouble with, Denny would be one. He's a cute guy about my age who plays guitar in a rock band. And Jamiel, a tall black guy who's my workout trainer at the gym."

"That's two," I said.

"And Steve. He's about your age. We met a couple of weeks ago. Sweet guy. Then Walt, of course, he's an former boss of mine who's 35. And finally Willie. He's my age too. A black guy. He used to be the UPS man at my shop."

"Damn. You've got it all planned out."

"Of course. You know how organized I am. I'm not going to just pick five dudes out of hat. But you were the key. I don't like leaving you out either, but I need someone to just be there and keep me safe."

So it was a done deal. She wanted to do it a week from that Saturday "starting after 10 PM so everyone has a chance to get a buzz on beforehand". So I reserved a nice suite at the downtown Hilton. And on the designated night I picked her up at her condo and we went to a liquor store to get some liquor and champagne to have on hand. Then we headed to the hotel about 8PM because she wanted to "have a little sex cocktail together before things got started".

So we checked in, and went up to the room, and did a little drinking and weed smoking. Then we made slow and good love for about an hour.

"That was great," she said. "I was a little nervous, but that mellowed me right out."

"Yeah," I said. "I enjoyed it too. And now I won't feel so bad about getting shut out of the action later."

She said she had to "get dressed", and I said I had to go out to my car to get my gun.

Her eyes got wide. "You're gun! I told you I know these guys, Jim. What the hell do you need a fucking gun for?"

"Look," I said. "I have no intention of shooting anyone. And you may know these guys, but I know what happens to men under the influence of booze and sex. Sometimes they get crazy. Am I supposed to handle that with my fists? I just want to have Mr. Smith and Wesson around to be my negotiating partner if something goes wrong."

"I don't want anyone to get hurt, and I damn sure don't want to go to fucking jail," she said. 

"Neither do I. But I don't want either of us to get hurt or worse. Believe me, babe. Just the SIGHT of a gun will be enough to handle any problems. I'm not going to do this without some protection. Okay?"

"Well...okay. I guess you're right."

"Don't worry, Penny. I'll leave it out of sight. Now go get ready to give these guys a great night of sexual delight. I'll be sitting at the bar the whole time."

***************************

The guys started showing up about 9:45. Jamiel got there first. Then Denny. And finally Willie and Walt and Steve.

And the first words out of their mouth as each arrived was "Who the heck are you?"

"Howdy," I said each time. "I'm Jim. I'm a friend of Pennys who's just here to observe and make sure things don't get crazy and she doesn't get hurt. Why don't you go have a drink at the bar and she'll be out shortly."

They all seemed to be okay with that. And we all ended up around the bar, drinking and talking about sports. 

Then, at about 10:20, Penny came out. And she looked fucking terrific, and I'm sure I wasn't the only one who's dick started getting hard just from seeing her. She was wearing an itzy bitzy hot pink bikini that didn't cover much of her big, full tits. In fact, we could see the top of her pale pink areolas peeking out of the top, and her stiff nipples pushing against the thin fabric. And the only thing the bottom covered was her pussy, which left her gorgeous ass fully exposed in the back.

"Hi guys," she said. "Are you ready yo have some fun?"

They all responded with an enthusiastic "Yeah".

She walked right over to the bar and knelt down on front of Steve, and unzipped his fly, and pulled out his stlll-limp dick, and sucked it for about 30 seconds. Then she moved on to Jamiel. Then Denny. And on down the line. Then she went back around again until they were all stiff and hard.

Then she went out in the middle of the living room, and knelt down, and asked them to stand in a semi-circle in front of her. And they did. One beside each shoulder, and three in front of her, and she proceeded to go around the horn sucking each of them for about a minute each. And she wasn't just nibbling on the heads, she went at them full bore, sucking them deep into her mouth. And after two times around they were all moaning and grunting, and they started reaching down and fondling and squeezing her tits and ass, and fingering her pussy, as she worked on their cocks. 

Then she started switching around randomly, and she spent more time sucking each guy. And they started grabbing the back of her head, and pulling it towards them, and aggressively fucking her mouth. And she was doing a lot of gagging and choking, but she didn't let up. After about 15 minutes, 3 of them came hard, Then another, And another. And even though she'd swallowed most of their loads, she had cum splattered all over her face and hair, and slobber dripping down her chin onto her tits. 

Then she laid back, and spread her legs, and the fucking started. First Jamiel shoved his big, black cock up her cunt, while Denny and Walt straddled her head and took turns fucking her mouth, while Willie and Steve knelt beside her, jacking off and playing with her tits and clit as they waited for their turn.

And her body was arching up, and quivering, and she was doing a lot of moaning and whimpering, and It looked like she was coming pretty much continuously. And they were coming too. In her pussy, in her mouth, and eventually in her ass.

Then they went at ALL THREE ORIFICES AT THE SAME TIME! And she was absolutely delirious with pleasure. And her nipples were as taut and hard as I've ever seen them. And it was all I could do not to get my dick out and start jacking off as I watched. 

She had a cock in her pussy, a cock up her ass, and a cock fucking her mouth. And all three were pounding in and out of her. And that went on, with them switching places, for a good 30 minutes.

Her body was bucking, and twitching, and moving up and down trying to take them all as good and as deep as possible. And she was grunting, and moaning, and whimpering continuously. And her face, and hair, and tits, and belly, and ass cheeks were covered in cum. 

And finally, one by one, they all stood up, and put their clothes on, and left. And it was just her and me. And she was laying on the floor totally spent and exhausted. And even as turned on and as horny as I was, I tried to leave her alone. I got a couple of towels from the bathroom and started wiping the gizz off of her body. 

And all over a sudden she opened her eyes, and looked up at me.

"Now I want you, Jim," she said. "Fuck me."

I did. And she came right back to life. Grabbing my ass and pulling me deep into her pussy. And arching her hips up to meet my thrusts. And after we came together she looked up at me.

"Thanks for protecting me, baby. I owe you big time." 

To be continued...