 When I was about 30, I had the great good fortune to meet a sexy, beautiful 25 year old woman named Penny who was a no-doubt-about-it nymphomaniac. And we dated regularly for the next three years or so, and enjoyed a lot of great and varied sex together.

Penny had long, red hair, a sexy, pouty face, terrific big, full, firm 38-D breasts, long legs, and a killer body. And she was an insatiable sex addict, who enjoyed fucking and sucking with men anytime, anyplace and any way. With one guy, two guys, or multiple guys. The woman just flat-out couldn't get enough sex.

And luckily, I was her regular date and sex partner. But I wasn't the only one, of course, and I had to accept that as part of the deal. Which was fine with me. We were both single, both made good money, and neither of us was interested in an exclusive platonic relationship. She fucked around, and I fucked around, but we were regular and frequent lovers in between.

And one night while we were having dinner at an Italian restaurant, she looked at me and said, "You know what I'd really like to do, Jim?"

"Hell," I said. "I can't begin to guess."

"Strip in a strip club," she said. "Do you know 

anyone in that business?"

"As a matter of fact I do. One of my clients owns The Centerfold Lounge. It's a classy, high-end place up on Route 37."

"Oh yeah," she said. "I've heard of it. Do you think you could pull some strings and set it up so I could dance there one night?"

"Well I know they have an Amateur Night every Tuesday. I'm sure you could sign up for that."

"Ooohh," she said. "That sounds like fun. Can you set it up?"

"Yeah. I don't see why not. You're certainly good enough looking. I'm sure they'd be glad to have you. I'll see what I can do."

So I did. I talked to the owner, Bob Tinkens, and he asked if she was good looking.

"Oh yeah," I said. "She's gorgeous. Long red hair, big, full, firm 38-D tits, and a great body. And oh yeah, she's a fucking nympho. Your customers will love her."

"Well damn," Bob said. "Bring her in next Tuesday at 7 PM, and we'll show her the ropes, and explain the rules, and she can dance that night."

"Great. We'll be there."

When I told Penny she got excited as hell. "Oh God," she said. "I'm getting hot just thinking about it. But I need to buy a sexy outfit to wear. I'll have to go to that place downtown where they sell stripper clothes. And I need to think about what I'll do on stage. And what songs I want to dance to." 

"I've got a feeling you'll figure it all out just fine, Penny. But hell, you could wear a halter top and short shorts and drive the guys crazy."

___________________________

When we got to the place Tuesday night we sat at the bar and Bob showed up and sat next to Penny. 

"Jesus," he said. "Jim wasn't bullshitting. You ARE a good looking broad, baby. You'll be a hit with the guys."

"Thank you, Bob," she said.

"Okay, babe. Here are the rules. You keep your clothes on for the first song. Then you can lose the top for the second dance. And after that it's up to you what you do. The more naked you are the more money you'll make. Just make sure you leave on something that the guys can put their money in. Most gals leave on a garter belt around one thigh. We do an All Girls table dance every hour. That means that you come out and dance next to the guys, and let them feel you up, and they give you 20 bucks for ten minutes, and then they buy you a shot. What kind of liquor do you like?"

"Tequila," she said. 

"Okay. Make sure you tell the barmaid before you start. Any questions?"

"Yeah," she said. "What if I see a guy...or guys... that I want to, um...get to know better?" 

"That's entirely up to you, darlin'," Bob said. "But you can't do it in the club. You need to take that outside or somewhere else."

Penny looked at me. "Can you go get my van, Jim? I think I may need it."

So I went and got her van. And when I got back, she was next up to dance. So I sat at the bar, and drank a beer, and watched.

She came out in a hot pink bikini that just barely covered her big, full tits. And the crowd started whistling and hooting right away. And when she took off the top during the next song, and let her gorgeous breasts loose on her chest, the crowd went nuts. And when she danced up next to the edge of the stage they started stuffing bills into the garter belt on her right thigh. Ans when she was done they gave her a standing ovation and yelled for more.

Then the All Girls table dance started, and she moved right to a table of two young, good looking guys, and started dancing topless in front of them. And they reached out and fondled and squeezed her tits and ass. And when the song ended I saw her lean down and whisper into the blond guys ear. Than she disappeared into the back room.

And the blonde kid walked over to me and said "She said we should meet her out in her van, and you'd show us where it was."

"Okay," I said. "Follow me." They did. And when we got there I sat in the drivers seat and they sat in the rear seats, and we introduced ourselves. The blonde guy was Lonnie, and the other guy was Tim.

"Are you her husband?" Tim asked.

"No. I'm just here to make sure she doesn't get hurt. Are you guys okay with that?"

They both nodded and about five minutes later Penny arrived and got in the back seat with them.

"Hiya, guys," she said. "And thanks for the tips. You were really generous."

"You're welcome baby," Lonnie said, but I just want to make sure we paid for some fucking and sucking out here."

"Absolutely. Where do you want to start?"

They got on both sides of her and started kissing her, and playing with her tits, and fingering her pussy, And she reached down and started rubbing their cocks through their pants. And after awhile, she got down on her knees, and got their cocks out, and started sucking them.

First Lonnie. Then Tim. Then Lonnie again. Then Tim again. And they started moaning and groaning, and thrusting up to meet her mouth. And when they were hard, she moved up, and sat in Lonnie's lap, and lowered her pussy down on his cock.

"Oh shit bitch!"

"You like that Lonnie?"

"Fuck YES!"

"Me too!", she said.

Then Tim got up behind her and slid his cock up her ass, and Penny went a little crazy.

"Oh God! Oh shit! Yes! Yes! Fuck me guys! FUCK ME!"

They did. And they kept it up for a surprisingly long time for young guys, and Penny's body stiffened up, and she came. Then she came again. And again.

Then she pushed them away and got back down on her knees in front of them, and started sucking their cocks again. And when Penny sucked dick she didn't fool around. It was full-bore, deep throat stuff. And they both came quickly, and she swallowed their loads hungrily. Then she got up and moved to the passenger seat.

"Thanks guys," she said. "That was fun."

"Thank YOU baby," Lonnie said as he zipped up his pants.

"Yeah," Tim said. "That was fucking great!"

Then they both threw money at her, and got out of the van.

"Looks like you had a good time," I said.

"Oh yeah," she said, "The whole night was great. Hell, I came twice just dancing! It was wonderful! I definitely need to do that again."

"How much did you make?", I asked.

"Let's see," she said. "Adding in what they gave me I made...290 dollars!"

"Damn. So I guess we're going to do this next Tuesday too, huh?"

"Three hundred dollars for getting DP'd and sucking cock? Yeah. I think you're right, Jim."

But she wasn't done yet. She leaned over, and unzipped my pants, and got my dick out, and sucked the hell out of it until I came in her mouth.

And then I took her home.