 This is the sequel to 'Dating A Sex Addict Ch 01' about my sex addicted girlfriend Sarah. 

*

Sarah and Lila began spending more and more time together, sometimes with me, sometimes without, but to be honest I found that the longer it went on, the better I felt about it. I know technically Sarah was cheating on me but weirdly, I think the thought of being cheated on was what really upset me because I had always assumed it would be upsetting. The reality was that I actually didn't mind sharing my girlfriend and I didn't see it as her lying to me or betraying me. The added bonus of course was that I got to keep fucking Lila as well, and we actually grew to really like each other. A few weeks after our first encounter, Sarah was away helping her mother with something so she agreed to let Lila spend the night alone with me. I think it was Lila's idea though as she was a little coy about it and she seemed just as excited as I was. She stayed at my place and we spent hours pleasuring each other, a little less urgently than we do with Sarah because there was no urgent need to get her off. Lila was insatiable and by the end of the night, she had let me fuck her in the arse, which she told me she had only done with Sarah and a strap on. 

Things were going great but part of me began to suspect that Sarah wasn't only seeing Lila on the side. On one occasion, I called her and I could hear her grunting and groaning. That wasn't too unusual on its own and she told me she was masturbating, but I could swear I heard another guy grunting in the background. I noticed that she had become bit unpredictable, visiting people at random and making last minute plans, but with Sarah, it was difficult to judge what kind of behaviour was really unusual. I think if I was honest, I knew what was coming but I just didn't want to admit it and eventually the inevitable happened, Sarah came over to my place one night and said she had to confess something. I almost knew the story before she told it to me but still I sat there while she told me how she had been to see an old friend after work that day and one thing had led to another.

Again, I was surprised that I wasn't more upset as she told me that she was really horny, and that she had only gone over to see her friend but before they knew it, she was bent over his sofa and he was fucking her from behind. She really did seem remorseful and she assured me she hadn't let him cum inside her but then she stopped and looked away from me hesitantly. I knew what was coming and we went on to talk about how deep down, we both knew that I wasn't enough for her. It wasn't me specifically, it was that no one would be enough for her; she just needed sex all the time. She said she hated this situation as she didn't want to cheat on me but she knew she could never just be with me. I think deep down I had been expecting this and although it wasn't easy, I felt more prepared than I had expected, and over the next few days, we agreed that we would try including other people in our sex life. We agreed that this would definitely be a mutual thing, she wasn't just going to go off fucking other people, but we would start by having a session with Lila and another friend of hers. Not really knowing what to expect, I agreed and we arranged to do it at Sarah's place that weekend. 

That Saturday, I got to Sarah's place in the afternoon and she greeted me at the door, totally naked and barely able to contain her excitement. Although I wanted to save my energy for when Lila and Sam showed up, I did agree to finger Sarah and then I ended up eating her out once as well. She was almost out of control and was busy shoving a dildo inside herself when they arrived so she asked me to let them in while she freshened up. When I opened the door, I found Lila looking as gorgeous as usual in a tight grey dress, and a good looking guy about my age with her who smiled and introduced himself as Sam. I invited them in and we chatted a little awkwardly for a couple of minutes and I found that I quite liked Sam. It felt weird because essentially I knew he was there to fuck my girlfriend but as much as I wanted to be a little hostile toward him, he was just such a nice guy. 

I had got them a drink and made some small talk by the time Sarah practically skipped into the living room, now dressed in a skimpy silk dressing gown, and greeted them both with a big hug. We chatted for a few minutes, somewhat unsure how this was supposed to work, and I quickly found out that Sarah and Sam had met before but never had sex, and that Sam had fucked Lila before but not recently. Sarah seemed more comfortable with this than the rest of us so she suggested she and Sarah break the ice by getting started, and Sam and I could watch. By now, I had seen Sarah and Lila pleasure each other many times but I never got tired of the sight of them undressing each other and rubbing their right bodies together. Sarah wasn't wearing anything under her dressing gown so she was naked in a few seconds but when Lila had peeled off her dress, Sarah knelt in front of her and pulled her panties off before spreading her legs and pushing her face between them. 

I guessed that Sam hadn't seen anything like this before because he looked like he could barely contain himself, but weirdly I felt a little bit proud that I had. It made me feel good that I was more experienced than him and I decided to own the fact that I was letting this happen, rather than being a bystander. I stood up and took my clothes off first, and after we watched Sarah quickly eat Lila to an orgasm, and then Lila return the favour, I stepped up towards them and asked "right, where do we go from here?" 

Sarah was just about at fever pitch by now and as soon as she looked up and saw my hard cock jutting out from my body, she jumped to her feet and practically tackled me into the armchair, kissing me passionately as she grabbed my cock and directed it into her pussy. She began to ride me frantically, wriggling her hips around so energetically it almost hurt my dick, but I didn't object as I thought it might help me last longer. I looked over and saw that Lila was undressing Sam while they kissed and he groped at her naked body like a nervous teenager. By the time Lila had sat Sam down on the sofa and faced away from him to lower herself onto his dick, Sarah was grunting and bouncing and fast approaching her second orgasm. Lila rode Sam almost painfully slowly while they watched Sarah go wild on my cock and before long, Sarah was throwing her head back and screaming out that she was cumming. 

I barely gave her a chance to recover before I stood up, carried her over to the sofa, and casually dropped her down next to Sam, causing her to yelp and giggle. With my confidence growing I wanted to make sure that I was in control of this whole event, so I didn't really give anyone involved a choice, I just grabbed Lila's hand, firmly pulled her up off Sam's cock, and turned her around next to him, kneeling her on the seat of the sofa with her arms resting on the back. I quickly aimed my dick up with her already wet hole and pushed into her, forcing a passionate moan from her. I started fucking away and Lila immediately began to grunt in pleasure while Sarah enthusiastically scrambled up into the same position on the sofa on the other side of Sam. He didn't seem to react until she smiled down at him and moaned "come on Sam, fuck me." 

He still seemed slightly hesitant and took one look back at me to see me still slamming into his friend before he got up and stood behind my girlfriend, holding her hip with one hand and lining his dick up to her with the other. They both groaned as he pushed into her and started to slowly fuck her but he clearly wasn't energetic enough for Sarah and she was soon shouting "harder baby, fuck me harder." He started slamming into her and she was bucking her hips back against him while I reached a hand around to rub Lila's clit while I fucked her. She was soon moaning and telling me that she was going to cum but at the same time, we heard Sam grunt "oh shit, slow down baby, I'm nearly there." Sarah stopped bucking her hips against him and moaned "that's okay baby just go slow, you can't cum in me yet though, not until he does." I didn't know that Sarah had set that rule for herself but again, it made me feel good as it meant that Sam would have to slow down and wait for me to be ready. When Lila had come down from her orgasm, I pulled my cock out of her tight hole and stepped over toward Sarah, where Sam immediately jumped out of my way, and I lined up and shoved my length back inside her. 

While I reached around to rub Sarah's clit the same as I had for her friend, Sam very slowly slipped back inside Lila and held her hips so that she couldn't push back against him too hard. Sarah started frantically slamming back into me and in no time, she was also screaming that she was cumming again. Ecstatic that I had lasted so long and done a good job of pleasing the girls, I pulled out once again and walked around the back of the sofa where Sarah moved her arms and dropped her chest down, pressing her soft boobs against the cushions and letting me pop my cock into her mouth. I wasn't rough with her but I wasn't gentle either and held her head while I started thrusting almost into her throat until after a few minutes, Lila moaned "mmm, it's my turn, I want to taste it." Sarah let out a slight moan of disappointment as I pulled my cock from her mouth, but then smiled and watched as I moved over to Lila who also dropped down onto the back of the sofa and hungrily took my cock between her lips. 

Maybe it was the fact that Lila was sucking a cock that had been in her pussy, and in Sarah's pussy and mouth, or maybe it was the sight of such a gorgeous slut bent over taking a dick in both ends, but whatever it was, it pushed Sam over the edge. He grunted "oh fuck" as he screwed his face up and buried his cock deep inside Lila, blowing a load in her pussy. As she felt him filling her up with cum, she groaned around my cock and we heard Sarah moan "oh Sam, that was my load." By now, Sarah had moved to kneel right next to Lila over the sofa so after a few more thrusts, I pulled out of Lila's mouth and slipped back in between Sarah's little pink lips. As Sam moved back a little and watched, I spent a couple of minutes alternating between the two girl's pretty mouths before I had to pull out to stop myself from cumming. I bought myself a few precious seconds by walking back around the front of the sofa and admiring the two gorgeous arses bent over in front of me, their red puffy pussies splayed open between their legs and a tiny dribble of cum beginning to leak from Lila's wet hole. 

With my orgasm just about held at bay, I playfully slapped Sarah's firm arse cheek and then grabbed her hips, flipping her over onto her back and kneeling between her thighs. I pushed my cock back into her and she smiled up at me, knowing I wouldn't last much longer, and letting me slow down and tease her a little. As Lila turned to lay on her back next to us with her legs spread wide, Sarah reached over and spread Lila's wet lips apart with her fingers. She giggled at the sight of Sam's jizz leaking from her friend's pussy and moaned "that's so hot baby, will you do that to me, are you gonna fill me up?" I smiled, barely even stroking into her now and replied "that depends, do you want me to?" She moaned back "oh yes baby, I want it so bad, but I want you to do something first." I didn't reply, I just raised my eyebrows inquisitively and she continued "I want to see you fuck her sloppy little cunt while it's full of cum. I want you to fuck her dirty cunt and then put it back in me." 

Weirdly that wasn't the dirtiest thing Sarah had ever asked me to do but it was exciting none the less so I pulled my cock out of her and shuffled to the side to line up in front of Lila. Again, we hadn't given her a choice but she certainly wasn't complaining and she held her legs open wide as I lined my cock up with her sloppy hole and pushed in. Although I think that was my first ever sloppy seconds, it really didn't feel any different, her pussy was as tight and wet as ever and it felt amazing. I was quickly approaching my first orgasm and Sarah was now frantically rubbing her clit while she moaned "yeah that's it baby, fuck her dirty cunt, are you gonna fill me up soon? Are you fill my pussy up?" Lila was also groaning with pleasure and had reached one hand across to stroke Sarah's thigh as Sarah continued "come on baby, give it to me, I'm ready for it, give me that cum."

I couldn't last any longer so I pulled out and quickly moved back to Sarah. She had spread her lips wide for me and I was able to plunge my prick straight in, but I only had time to thrust in and out once before I buried myself all the way inside her and exploded a huge load of jizz into her body. The feeling of being filled with cum as well as the rubbing and stroking pushed her over the edge again and she had another intense orgasm while she grabbed hold of Lila. When she had recovered, she licked my dick clean and then let Lila suck me back to hardness while Sam watched in awe from across the room. He was also rock hard again so when Lila dropped my cock from her mouth, I picked Sarah up from the sofa, playful threw her over my shoulder in a Fireman's lift, and marched off toward the bedroom with her soft arse cheek against my face. 

When I reached the bedroom, I threw Sarah down on the bed and then grabbed one of her legs, pulling it straight up against my chest with her foot over my shoulder. She was shrieking and giggling as I manhandled her and then she moaned as I lined myself up and forcefully plunged my dick down into her pussy. I started to hammer away as hard as I could and when Lila and Sam arrived, I gestured to Sam with a nod of my head and said "I think she wants something in her mouth." Lila moved around to the other side of the room to watch while Sam moved a little hesitantly up to the side of the bed, a few inches from Sarah's head. He looked back at me and I just nodded and said "go ahead" but before he had time to react, Sarah shuffled her upper body over and grabbed his cock, plunging her mouth down over it. 

She moaned like a whore over his dick while we fucked her at both ends and after a few minutes, she pulled it out, looked up at me and said "I want you in my mouth now baby." I pulled my dick out of her tight hole and moved around to where Sam was standing, and he got the idea and moved to the foot of the bed where I had been. As I popped my dick into her mouth, Sam pushed into Sarah's pussy and we continued to double team her young body. We switched a few more times but again, Sam didn't last as long as me and eventually he slowed down and grunted "shit, I'm gonna cum." 

Sarah dropped my cock from her mouth and moaned "yes do it, do it inside me." Then she turned her head to look up at me and panted "I want it in me baby, is that okay?" Before I had a chance to respond, Sam slammed his hips against hers and held them still as he groaned. For a few seconds, I didn't know how to react as I watched this guy I had just met blowing his load inside my girlfriend. 

I thought it would be awkward but I actually found it exciting, and Sarah certainly seemed to enjoy it as she rolled onto her side and frantically resumed sucking my dick. It wasn't long before she dropped it from her mouth and kept stroking it while she looked up at me and moaned "are you nearly there baby? I want you to cum in me too, please cum in me." She looked so sexy, I couldn't deny her so I playfully slapped her face with my dick and then moved down to the foot of the bed. This time, I took hold of her ankles and pushed them up towards her chest where she grabbed them and held her legs spread wide, obscenely spreading her pussy open for me. I plunged down into her sloppy wet cunt and started hammering away but within a few seconds I was ready to cum so I buried my cock as deep as I could and shot my load into her, adding to the two that Sam and I had already deposited. While I was filling Sarah up, I heard a moan and looked up to see Lila sat at the top of the bed, bucking her hips against her own hand as she came. 

After we had all recovered, we took a break to get cleaned up but Sarah refused to wipe her pussy, it turned her on to wander around with cum leaking out of her and dribbling down her legs. Eventually, she agreed to shower with Lila so I cracked open a couple of beers for Sam and I, and we chatted for a while, not even really acknowledging that we were both still naked. Then when the girls were showered and Sam and I felt like we were ready to go again, we decided to compare the girl's blowjob skills. It was so sexy sat on the bed, watching the two naked girls suck us off for a few minutes and then switch places. By the time Sam was ready to cum, Sarah was bobbing her mouth up and down on his cock like her life depended on it but when he said he was close, she pulled off his cock and shouted "yes baby, do it on my face, please, I want it on my face." I suddenly felt my stomach lurch like I had been punched in the gut as Lila let my cock drop from her mouth and we looked over to see Sam stand up in front of the naked slut kneeling obediently between his legs. Before I could do or say anything, he bucked his hips and started to spray a few ropes of cum out all over my girlfriend's pretty face.

I had been fine with everything that had happened up until that point but when I saw my gorgeous girlfriend taking someone else's jizz on her face I honestly didn't know how to feel. Part of me felt jealous and angry but at the same time my dick was harder than it had ever been. Lila had continued stroking it and I felt it lurch as Sam stepped away and Sarah looked over at us and said "are you ready baby? I want your load on my face too." The feeling was so intense I could barely stand it; Lila was frantically wanking my cock and Sarah was smiling at me as a glob of cum ran down her cheek. I decided to give her what she wanted so I stood up and said "so you want my cum too then?" She moved in between my legs and nearly shouted "yes baby, give it to me, do it all over me." 

I grabbed a handful of her hair and held her head still as I pointed my cock at it and began to spray my cum out over her nose and cheeks. As it was my third load of the day, it was disappointingly small but it was still enough to streak down one side of her face and add to Sam's load, making her look sluttier than I had ever seen her.

Sam and I were totally spent by that time and after cleaning up a bit more, he and Lila left but obviously Sarah still wasn't done. I had a shower and then came out of the bathroom to find her lying back on the bed, still covered in cum and thrusting a thick dildo into herself. As much as it turned me on to see her like that, my smile faded as it suddenly occurred to me that this would just be the beginning.