 Author's Note: This is part of our ongoing adventures, and our tenth story. It references events and characters from our previously published stories. You can read it alone, but we would love for you to check out our other work. Enjoy!

*****

We were on an overnight flight home from our trip in Europe. What had started as a relaxing trip had ended much differently than we expected. That morning, I had woken up with a woman named Zoe. She was blonde, tall, Australian, slim, very sexy, and very naked. A few hours earlier, she and I had anal sex. Meanwhile, her husband Lucas had been in the next room, on top of my wife and pounding her so loudly that Zoe and I could hear everything.

Mandy had told the flight attendants that she got airline sickness easily and asked about if we expected any turbulence. They said we would have some mild storms we would pass through, but nothing she would notice. We were passing through one now and they were right in that it was mild. Almost all of the passengers were sleeping through it. Mandy however was in the restroom.

"Is your wife having trouble?" one of the attendants asked me. She seemed concerned, but I knew it was her job.

"I don't know," I said, "Can I go check on her?" She said of course and I made my way back to the restroom.

Mandy doesn't actually have any issues flying. I stepped into the restroom to check on her. We knew we had to be quick. She lifted her skirt up showing she had already removed her panties. I could see her pussy was wet and she had been playing with herself. I was already hard knowing our plan. I dropped my pants and plunged my cock into her.

I held her hips as I thrusted into her, making sure not to be too loud. She had one hand on the wall in front of her propping her up, and the other was furiously rubbing her clit. This wasn't our first quickie, we both knew how to get ourselves and each other off in a hurry. She came first. Her legs twitched a bit and her head fell forward. I heard her panting, but it wasn't loud enough you could hear it outside unless you had your head pressed to the door.

I patted her ass and she dropped to her knees. She held her mouth open and I put the head of my cock into it. I stroked my shaft while pumping cum into her mouth. She looked up at me while I came. When I finished she left her mouth open so I could see my cum filling it up. She closed her lips and then opened her mouth and stuck her tongue out, showing she had swallowed it all.

When she stood up I whispered into her ear "I love you baby," and she whispered back, "I love you too."

We returned to our seats without incident. Either the flight attendants didn't know or didn't care what we had done. This vacation had been wild, and finishing it by joining the Mile High Club seemed like the perfect ending.

We used to chalk crazy things we did up to, "well, it's college." We would have a threesome, and say it's college, it's time to experiment. We would do something like go streaking, or skinny dipping, or Mandy would be in a wet t-shirt contest, but who cared, it was college. It was the time you could get away with that stuff. When we first swapped with another couple, we chalked it up to alcohol and college fun.

But our trip to Europe had made us realize that we weren't done exploring our wild side. We had loved our time at the nude beach. And we really enjoyed our night with Lucas and Zoe. We had traded emails with them, and when we got home and checked ours we had an email with a picture of Zoe riding Lucas reverse cowgirl and blowing a kiss at the camera. It said to come visit Australia soon and we had a place to stay if we did.

There was also a link on the email with a note, "we think you will like this. Let us know if you join." We clicked it and it took us to a swingers dating site.

"Oh wow," Mandy said. She was looking over my shoulder when I opened the email. I looked over to her and asked, "Should we check it out?"

After a few minutes of discussion, we decided not to join the site. We both had jobs that could be affected if it came out we were on something like that. When you are single, joining a site for casual hookups is totally fine. When you are a married couple, it's a bit more frowned upon.

We emailed Zoe and Lucas back saying we would love to visit Australia when we saved up for another big trip, and would definitely let them know if we did. We also thanked them for the link to the site, but told them we decided to keep things a bit more discreet for now.

The next morning, we work up with another email from them. They said they totally understood, but gave us a bunch of tips on how to be discreet if we did join. We talked about it some more. I wanted to do it. Mandy was a bit more hesitant and wanted to do her own research.

I figured it just wasn't something we would try and I didn't bring it back up again. In the meantime, our sex life was amazing. It never had really been bad, but it was as good now as it was when we first started dating. We had both been working on Master's degrees while working full time, so we had been a bit high strung for the past couple of years. We had sex pretty often still, but it was usually just one position, and as soon as she came I would cum right after and we would pass out. No all-night sessions like we used to have.

Now it was different. We were going to bed an hour earlier so we could have longer more passionate sex and still make it to work in the morning. There was shower sex some mornings. Hot tub sex some evenings. I would get text messages of her boobs in the middle of the day while she was at work. It was like being in college again.

Before I get too far into the story, I should probably fill you in a bit on where we were in life, as it is important to understanding our head space when we did this. We were both 25. We both had finished all of our degrees and were a few years into our careers. Some of our friends were starting to have kids and buy houses.

We on the other hand we're not quite ready for kids. Having both been in grad school while working full time, we hadn't really had much free time to enjoy being married without kids, so now we were making up for that. Right out of our undergrad we had bought a foreclosed townhouse during the recession, and it had been a major project. It was two stories with two bedrooms and two and a half bathrooms. It was on the corner of two streets in our neighborhood, the last of a line of six connected townhomes. It also wasn't completely finished. The developer had quit partway through when his investment went south.

Any work we could do without a contractor we took on ourselves. For starters, none of the drywall was painted when we bought it, and in some rooms the pieces hadn't been sanded down yet. None of the cabinets in the kitchen had handles, and while there was a sink, there were no kitchen appliances installed. That was all stuff I could handle doing though, and even after buying appliances, paint, and doing some lighting upgrades, it was still an absolute steal.

The main improvement, and time sink, was the rooftop deck. Both bedrooms were on the top floor and there was a door from the Master Bedroom out to a rooftop patio. When we moved in the rooftop was Spartan. It was a fairly large outdoor area, about 10 feet by 14 feet. Not bad for a townhouse that was under 1500 square feet inside. There was a five-foot-high brick wall around two sides of it, and the other two sides butted up to the house.

We had put a hot tub on the roof, one of the few things we paid a professional contractor to do. Then I had built an 8 by 8 foot pergola over it. Between that and two deck chairs, there wasn't a ton of space left. We had finally finished it last spring, and were enjoying our first summer with the new deck.

So what we had was a house meant for entertaining. We had a spare bedroom on the top floor with a bathroom that had two entrances, one to the room and one to the open area. The bottom floor had a small but nice kitchen. It was open, so while you were using the sink you were looking into the "dining room" which really meant the place in the middle of everything where we had put a table. The living room was big enough to fit a sectional sofa that could seat about five or six comfortably, eight or nine if you were all very cozy. Then there was a half bathroom and a very small screened in porch in the back corner. We were also stumbling distance from several really good bars and restaurants.

After the past several extremely busy but productive years we wanted to rest. Having kids and moving to that phase of life was too much to take on just yet. So when we went to a cookout at some friend's house, we felt a little out of place. Everyone was asking us about kids, and no one could understand why we didn't want them just yet. Well, almost no one.

I was talking to Mike, one of my fraternity brothers you may remember from an earlier story or two. His wife, Liz, is one of Mandy's best friends, and Mandy had told her about our night with Lucas and Zoe.

"I can't believe you two are still doing stuff like that. You are lucky as shit." He told me as he was cooking some burgers on his grill.

"Well if we do it again we can include you two" I said.

He just laughed and looked over at his wife. "While she is pregnant? She has been horny as hell lately, and really kinky, but no way that she would go for that now," he replied.

I looked over at her too. She was showing a good baby bump. Even four months pregnant, she was still a tiny woman. "Well," I said, "Now that she's pregnant, she's starting to be a normal person's size, so you never know." Mike just laughed. "Plus now," I continued "We won't need condoms like when we swapped in college. Mandy is on birth control and Liz is already knocked up so no worries right?"

"You are never going to change," he said as we clinked beer bottles. "She is crazy horny though. Now that she is pregnant. She jumped me after hearing Mandy talk about your trip."

"That couple, the Australian one we met, they sent us an invite to join a swingers site."

Mike stopped and turned toward me "No shit?! You should do it! I would if I were in your shoes."

I told him I didn't know. It was fun on vacation and in college, but may be a bit much to be a regular thing. Secretly I really wanted to join it though. I pivoted the conversation back to them, asking how the sex was with his wife while she pregnant.

"Man, seriously it's every day. It's like being 19 again. And because she is so small she can be on top and she still weighs as much as a regular woman." I couldn't help but laugh. "You want to see her?" he asked.

"I see her now." I said.

"No man, I mean see some pics." I asked if she would be ok with that and he said "are you kidding? If you think they are hot, and I tell her that, she'll get turned on and immediately jump me again."

He pulled up an album on his phone and handed it to me. Liz was naked in the pics, and she did look great. I had never looked at a pregnant woman naked, but Liz was actually turning me on a bit. Her boobs looked great, swollen a cup-size larger than they were last time we had fucked. She didn't have her nipples pierced anymore like she did in college. At four months pregnant she had a definite bump, but she wasn't huge.

I kept swiping and suddenly there was a picture of her on her knees blowing Mike, followed by a picture of her on her back on the bed, her head hanging off the edge with his cock in her mouth. Several pictures of her pregnant and getting fucked followed. Some were doggystyle, some on her back, and one of her on top. The second to last pictures was her on her back with her face covered in cum, followed by another picture zoomed in on her cum covered face.

"These are fucking hot," I said. "And what are you complaining about? She's still letting you take pics, cum on her face, who knows what else you two do now that you don't have pics of," I said.

"Yeah, he replied, but we haven't had a threesome or anything like that since college. Last thing like that we did was with you two, and that was what, three years ago now?"

Before meeting Lucas and Zoe, Mike and Liz had been the only couple we had swapped with. The last time we had been with them was spring break of our senior year.

Liz and Mandy were walking over so I handed Mike back his phone. Mike immediately told Liz that I liked her pictures.

"Will you two excuse us a second," she said. "We need to talk in private." Mike handed me the spatula and told me to make sure nothing on the grill burned.

What was that about?" Mandy asked.

"Mike showed me a bunch of naked and X rated pics of pregnant Liz" I told her.

Mandy laughed. "Man, I bet she is chewing him out."

Fifteen minutes later he showed up grinning. I asked if he got chewed out and he shook his head no and said, "I told you she would jump me." I just laughed. Liz came out a few minutes later and I could tell her makeup had been freshly touched up.

A few hours later we were driving home. "Take surface roads, don't go straight home," Mandy said. I was about to ask why when she bent over and started to unbuckle my pants. It was a 10 to 15 minute drive home if there was no traffic and we used the main route. It would be about 30 minutes if I cut through neighborhoods the way I did during rush hour.

I drove home slowly. One hand was on the wheel, one was on Mandy's head. If Mandy had been amazing at giving head when we met, she was a goddess now. After giving me probably 600 blowjobs over the past six years, she knew everything I liked.

She still loved to suck cock. She was moaning the entire time that she had me in her mouth. No matter how often she did this it never stopped being sexy. I turned the radio down so I could hear the sucking sounds Mandy was making. I was running my fingers through Mandy's blonde hair as her head bobbed up and down in my lap.

Her tongue was swirling around my cock while she took my entire shaft in and out of her throat. I asked if she was ready for my cum and she made a muffled "mmm-hmm" to let me know she was. I was on the edge when I pulled up to a stop sign. I quit holding back and Mandy moaned as my cum shot into her mouth.

When I finished cumming Mandy let out a satisfied groan then made a loud slurping noise and she gave one last suck to my cock. She looked at me then I heard a loud gulp as she swallowed my load. She kissed me on the cheek and whispered "I love you" into my ear. I told her "I love you too," and at the next stop turned and gave her a quick kiss.

"So," she started as she settled back into her seat, "we're the pics of Liz hot?" I laughed and told them they were. Mandy laughed as I described a few of them, particularly the cumshot. I thought I was going to have to stop the car she was laughing so hard when I told her that Liz had actually drug Mike into the house for sex, not to chew him out. With that she pulled out her phone and told me she was texting Liz saying she felt left out as the only person who hadn't seen the pics, and calling her a slut for fucking him instead of scolding him for that.

The rest of the summer was pretty fun. Nothing too wild happened. That fall we went on a weekend vacation with some friends for a college football game. When we were getting ready to go I noticed Mandy packing a bunch of sexy lingerie and several pairs of heels. We were only going to be there for two nights, so I didn't know why she was bringing a half dozen outfits but I wasn't complaining.

Friday night we went out with our friends and got dinner. We all were turning in early so we could tailgate first thing the next morning. When we got to the room Mandy went into the bathroom. She told me she was going to be a while, so I laid down on the bed to watch TV.

After about 15 minutes Mandy walked out in 6-inch black open toe stiletto heels and the dress she had worn when we met Lucas and Zoe. It was one of her "slutty dresses" so she never wore it around our friends, only when we were going to a club or somewhere we wouldn't know anyone. It was blue and the front was cut all the way down to her navel. There was no back until it got to her waist. Her nipples were visibly poking against the fabric of the dress. She had on dark metallic blue lipstick and eyeshadow.

I had changed into workout shorts, assuming we weren't going back out. I got up excited and told her I would get dressed, but she told me not to. She grabbed our camera and handed it to me and started to pose. I didn't know why she wanted pictures, but I started snapping them. Some of her bent over with her hands against the wall, her standing facing me, her spreading her dress open to show off her breasts, one of her bent all the way over and pulling her dress up a bit, showing off her freshly waxed pussy.

"This is so fucking hot Mandy," I said, still unsure what had gotten into her. She tossed me a pair of my compression boxers that I wore working out and told me to put them on. I didn't argue and started changing as she went into the bathroom.

She came back out in a black formfitting dress, sheer leggings and the same heels. Another one of her "slutty dresses" that she only wore when we were on vacation or somewhere we wouldn't see people we knew. She couldn't wear most of her panties with it or they would be visible because the dress was so tight. We repeated the same drill, me taking pictures of her all over the room. Then she took the dress off to reveal a black bra. She slipped on a matching pair of lacy cheekies. She kept on the stockings and heels and I took another round of pictures. Then she put on a white button down shirt and we took a few more. Finally, she took off the bra, keeping the shirt on, and had me snap another four or five pictures before asking me for the camera.

I handed it to her and she started commanding me to do different poses in my boxer-briefs. It was a light blue pair that I knew didn't do anything to hide my bulge in the photos. The last few she took were very close, zooming in on my package then my butt. When she was done she told me we had one more round and went back in the bathroom.

At this point I was enjoying myself, but thoroughly confused. I had no idea why she wanted to many sexy pictures of us all of a sudden. Then she came back out in a pink fishnet bodystocking I had bought her a few years earlier. It was meant to look like a bra, corset and two thigh high stockings, but it was all connected as one piece. Her perfect 34C breasts filled the bust out and her nipples were exposed and poked through the fishnet. She had on a matching pink thong, which she removed after a few pictures. She bent over and spread her pussy open for me as I took a few final pictures.

I was standing next to the bed and she pushed me back so I was sitting on the edge. She got on her knees and took off my boxers then swallowed my already erect cock. After she sucked and stroked it a few times she looked up and asked, "Aren't you going to keep taking pictures?" She didn't have to ask twice and I started snapping pictures of my beautiful wife taking my shaft into her mouth. After a few pictures of her she stood up.

"So I'm sure you are wondering what the hell I'm doing." She said. I just nodded that I was. "Well, I have been chatting online with Zoe."

I interrupted her and asked, "Zoe of Lucas and Zoe?" We hadn't talked about them in a while, so I was surprised.

She nodded and said, "Yes, the Zoe who had you put your penis in her asshole." That cleared it up, we were thinking of the same Zoe.

"Anyway," she went on, "She said that if we join the website they sent us, to take pictures in a hotel instead of our house or somewhere we go often, so people won't recognize them."

My mind was racing as I realized what she was saying. "So, you want to try it?" I asked. "You want to join the swinger site?"
