 "Hi, Roxy," I said.

"Hi, Jim," she replied, smiling. That mouth – full of perfect white teeth – that mouth that had just been sucking on my cock – so inviting.

"You're a little late, Roxy dear. We've just had one hell of a session. I could have used some help earlier but I need to rest a bit now. How did you get in? I asked.

"Well, the front door was open and no one answered when I rang the bell – so I just opened it and came on in. I figured everyone was busy and I was right."

Just then, Gabby started yammering. She still had her blindfold and ear muffs on, but she could probably pick up on the vibrations around her. Seems she wanted to use the bathroom, so I began untying her while Roxy removed the blindfold and ear muffs. No sooner was she free when Gabby bolted for the john.

I pulled Roxy down on the bed and kissed her. I had been waiting a long time for this. And I was exhausted. Making love to Roxy would have to wait.

As we kissed, I felt the bed move. Gina had returned. Roxy looked up and Gina took over – pulling Roxy's mouth to hers and they began to kiss. Leaving them, I headed into the guest room and lay down on the bed. In seconds I was sound asleep. My tired body telling me I need to recharge my batteries.

Some time later, when I awoke, the house seemed quiet. Returning to the Master Bedroom, I saw why. Gina and Roxy were doing a '69' with Roxy on top. Gabby was behind Gina using one of the latex dildos on Gina while Roxy's cute butt was waving in the air. I began to get hard.

I moved over to Gabby and offered my rapidly hardening cock. She sucked me deeply in her mouth and began teasing and pulling my balls – all the while sucking my cock as deep as she could in her mouth.

Eying me with a mischievous grin, Gabby asked, "Daddy. Will you give me a baby Daddy? Make a baby grow in my womb Daddy."

"Yes Gabby. If that's what you want – I want it too. But I've been waiting for 2 years to be with Roxy. You understand, don't you?"

"Yes Daddy. Save some for me, will you?"

Moving behind Roxy I began tonguing her ass. That star shaped little ring that is her anus – just made for the tip of my tongue. She squirmed and tried to pull away from me but I had a firm grip on her hips and I pulled her tightly against my face as my tongue slipped from her ass to her moist cunt and back again – flicking her clit and causing her hips to grind against Gina's face.

Raising up, I slowly began feeding my massive length into Roxy's cunt. One slow inch at a time until I felt that little fleshy pad that is her 'G' spot. Stroking one or two inches in and out of her, I massaged her 'G' spot with the ridge of my mushroom cap. She squirmed some more – trying to move my cock out of her. I smacked her butt. Thwack on the right cheek – thwack on the left. Pulling her against me – letting her know who was in charge.

Slowly I began fucking her – forcing my huge cock into her tight tunnel – feeling that velvet sheath working those pussy muscles on my cock milking me. Several strokes later, I found the mouth of her cervix and I still had 2 inches of cock to go. I slammed my cock into her – forcing my mushroom cap past the mouth of her womb until my pubic bone was fully against Roxy's beautiful ass.

Then I began. Faster now and harder – I pulled my cock out of her until just the head was inside – then slammed it back home again. And again. And again. Until Roxy began to quiver – her legs trying to give way – her passion so high – her orgasm so strong.

Just then, I felt Gina's mouth sucking in my balls – deep into her mouth as she tongued my little almonds – sucking on them – forcing my cum to surge up that little tube and out the eye hole of my cock head. Spurt after spurt of cum as Roxy continued to orgasm – wailing loudly.

When my cock finally quit spurting, I collapsed on Roxy's back – forcing her flat – mashing Gina. But we couldn't help it. Both of us were exhausted from our efforts.

Finally, I moved to the side and Gina rolled Roxy off her. Climbing between Roxy's legs, Gina began to clean her up – lapping up all our juices. Gabby moved to suck on my cock and clean it while I played with her perfect titties.

I had come to understand that there are many different degrees of sexiness but, at this moment, all three of these ladies simply glowed.

*************

The only concession we made to dressing was to put on shorts while we fixed supper and ate. I had several pair of these cotton workout shorts so that wasn't a problem. With the elastic waistband – one size fits all. Although I think the ladies looked a lot better in the shorts than I.

Once finished with the necessary chore of feeding our faces, Gina talked Gabby into going home with her for the night. Something told me that Gina's 18 year old twin sons were going to get a workout tonight. That was fine with me. One woman at a time is all I need. And I had been waiting a long time to catch up with Roxy.

We left the table and migrated to the Master Bedroom. Roxy wasn't too keen on being tied and that was O.K. with me. I turned on the whirlpool in the hot tub – got a bottle of wine and a couple of chilled glasses and sat them within reach. Dropping my shorts, I entered the hot tub – beckoning Roxy to join me.

We leaned back and relaxed – each in our own separate space – just enjoying the whirling rush of the water easing our aches and pains.

We lay there sipping our wine – playing the evenings events over in our minds. Roxy began to rub my cock with her foot. When it became obvious that she wasn't getting anywhere, she stopped.

"Roxy, dear. Why don't we just give it a rest. Maybe a good nights sleep would help."

"O.K. Jim. I'm a little tired from the trip anyway. Let's just go to bed – go to sleep and then see what happens when we wake up."

*************

My sleep was disturbed about 3 a.m. Roxy had the mushroom cap of my cock in her mouth and was very gently sucking on it – tonguing the little pee hole with the tip of her tongue – then sucking my cock head gently again. It had the desired effect. My cock was beginning to harden.

Turning in the bed – I positioned Roxy where she was above me in a '69' position. As she stroked and sucked my rapidly hardening cock – I began licking her pussy. Sucking her cunt lips into my mouth – one at a time – I sucked hard and nipped it – moving to the other – then to her clit. My face was soaked with her juices as Roxy became more and more excited.

Using some of her moisture, I rubbed my index finger around her anus – slowly insinuating it in – to the first knuckle. Then back out – gathering some more moisture – then back again – pushing harder this time – forcing more and more into her. Roxy moaned around my rigid cock when I finally had my finger buried deeply in her.

I began rotating my finger – pushing in – pulling out – tugging on her little star shaped ring – opening it up to my advances. More moisture – returning to push my finger in again – soon to be two as my middle finger joined the index finger in Roxy's ass. Pulling and twisting – opening her up as she began to quiver – signaling her impending orgasm.

Just as she stiffened – I clamped my lips on her moist cunt and sucked hard – nipping and biting her clit as she thrashed around – beating the bed with her fists – in the throes of an immense orgasm. Roxy's legs began to shake – her feet pounding on the bed – and she began to push me away from her. Her little clit was so sensitive – just the mere touch triggered more spasms.

I turned back around and pulled her to me. Urging Roxy to climb on top of me and fuck my cock. When she settled in place – she rested upon my chest – we kissed – slow tongue searching kisses as her fantastic hips began their age old ritual of love – fucking my hard length – slow and steady – in and out. I was in heaven. That hot sheath of hers stroking my cock on the in stroke and milking me on the outstroke. Soon, I could take no more. My ball sac tightened and I began to cum. I had thought that I would never cum again after last night.

Sated – we snuggled with little love kisses until we drifted back to sleep. What would the morning bring?