 This happened between the two times with Andy...

So... this past Saturday night, Sally and I were out to dinner with another couple, the couple that were friends with Andy (see my other story...

We're about half way through dinner and the conversation gets around to their friend Andy. Dave and Amy were both curious as to what we thought of Andy... I replied that both Sally & I liked him and that we enjoyed talking with him. They both watched me intently as I answered them... and something told me they figured out, or at least were suspicious, as to what had happened between Sally, Andy & I. I didn't say anything about our threesome, but they both had a look about them that said more than their question. 

After dinner, Sally & I were on our way home when Sally's cell phone rings and it's Amy... wanting to know if we want to come back to their house for coffee. Sally asked me and I said "Sure", so we headed over to their house. On the way there, Sally and I discussed the possibility that they had found out about Andy and us. We had assumed Andy didn't tell them, but the fact that he spent that night at our house and didn't go back to their house until the next day might have made them suspicious. Sally & I agreed that we wouldn't volunteer any information, but if we were asked, we'd be honest with them.

We got to their house, and as we sat in their family room talking, Amy sitting next to Dave and Sally next to me. They finally got around to the big question... 

Amy said, "We're not trying to pry, but did you do more than talk with Andy when he stayed at your house?"

Sally looked over at me before she answered and then said, "Well, to be honest with you, yes. You probably figured out that Andy slept with us... and by the way, we had a wonderful time together. He's very nice, a great lover, and we all had a great time." 

Amy looked at Sally as she spoke then looked at me for my reaction and then at Dave. He smiled and gave her a look that said, "See... I told you so."

Amy's next words were a real shocker... she said, "Dave thought so, but I didn't. We talked about it after Andy didn't come back that night." She paused a few seconds and then said, "... And we also talked about the four of us together and what a turn on that would be."

I looked at Sally and she looked as surprised as I felt!! We both really liked Amy & Dave, but we never discussed being intimate with them. Amy said that she and Dave were both really curious about threesome and both wanted to try either that or swapping partners, but not with strangers. They wanted to try it with another couple that they really liked and trusted. 

Apparently, we were the first couple that came to mind. Dave added, "I hope we didn't offend you two, we've never done this before but we're both attracted to you and we wanted to be honest about our feelings. We've been friends for a long time and I hope our honesty doesn't change our relationship." 

I looked over at Sally, figuring she'd either be smiling or pissed... but I couldn't read her expression. After a moment I said, "Well, we never discussed it and I can't speak for Sally, but..." and before I could finish, Sally jumped in with, "Good, let me speak for myself... I'm all for it. I can't speak for Bob, but I think it would be fun." It seems that Sally was feeling the same way that I was and wasn't afraid to take a little risk by letting her feelings be known. I added, "Damn, I guess Sally's not too excited, now is she?" ...and they all laughed, "I'm all for it too", I said. 

We all talked about the "ground rules"... "No" means "NO", and don't do anything that you don't feel comfortable with. 

Without saying anything, Sally and Amy looked at each other, both got up and changed places with each other. Amy sat next to me and Sally sat next to Dave. Amy & I turned to each other and embraced in a hug. We kissed and explored each other's tongues. She took the initiative and placed a hand on my cock, which was growing by the second. I reached around under her blouse and fumbled with her bra clasp. I wasn't getting anywhere with it, but I was enjoying having Amy rub my pants. 

I looked over and saw that Dave and Sally were watching us. 

Sally said, "Let's watch as we undress each other." I added, "Great idea, you guys go first."

Amy and I watched as Sally and Dave stood up and faced each other. Taking turns, they alternated removing each other's clothing, working from top to bottom. As Sally was trying to remove Dave's pants, Dave was fondling Sally breasts. When she got them off, Dave removed Sally's underpants and slid a finger over her clit. She spread her feet apart a bit, opening the way for Dave's finger. After a few seconds, she grabbed Dave's briefs and pulled them down to the floor... exposing his hard-on. She reached out and held his cock, stroking it a few times. She dropped down to her knees and with one hand holding his cock, she took him into her mouth. Amy and I watched intently, both getting more and more turned on. After sucking Dave for less than a miute, she turned to us and said, "OK guys, it's your turn." She resumed sucking Dave, watching us.

I stood up and pulled Amy to her feet. We too took turns undressing each other and when it got time to remove my boxers, 

Amy followed

Sally's lead and knelt down to take me into her mouth. Dave and I were standing about 10 feet apart, and both enjoying the oral servicing of each other's spouse. Amy was an expert with a cock in her mouth, she was able to take me deeper than Sally could. She also fondled my balls as she sucked which was increasing my pleasure. Getting a blowjob while I watched 

Sally mouth fuck Dave was awesome. Sally paused and told Dave that she didn't want him to cum in her mouth, Amy told me she likes it and I was welcome to. I told her that I didn't want to finish too quickly, and wanted to save myself for later. 

A few minutes of getting great head and I was ready for to get a cunt on my mouth. I pulled out of Amy's mouth and asked her if she'd like to be eaten. She didn't have to answer, she pulled me to the floor, had me lie on my back and got over me in a 69 position. As she lowered her cunt to my mouth, I held out my tongue and let her beautiful cunt lips slide over it. I licked inside as far as my tongue could reach. She gripped my hard cock as she rubbed her clit back & forth on my chin. She must have looked like a horseback rider, as she rode my mouth. She moved a bit and I was able to get my tongue directly onto her clit. I licked her button in circles and then went at it like a vibrator, up and down on it quickly. It grew as I licked it and soon was sticking out, reaching for my tongue. 

I wasn't able to see Sally and Dave, so I paused for a moment and turned my head to watch them. Amy said, "Get back here, 

I'll tell you what's going on." She added, "Dave's got Sally on the couch and is eating her pussy, and I know how much she's enjoying him because he's really good at it. Sally's got her fingers in Dave's hair and won't let go, her legs are over his shoulders and she looks like she's in heaven!!" Amy continued to ride my mouth as she described what was going on only a few feet away. That was a real turn on, hearing what Dave was doing to Sally. Amy must have enjoyed it too because after a few minutes of her narrative, she was having her first orgasm. As she came, she moved her clit away from my mouth and I was able to lick her hole. She then leaned over and took me into her mouth, giving my cock the attention it needed. 

We continued our 69 and after Amy's second orgasm, we stopped to watch our spouses. I got up onto the sofa and Amy sat on my hard on... but we sat still and watched as Dave and Sally were now eating each other with Dave on top. That's Sally's favorite position, to be on her back, and it's also the easiest position for her to cum. She also can swallow a bit more cock with her head tilted back. They went at it like 2 teenagers... they were both moaning and making slurping sounds... damn, what a turn on to see Sally with a mouthful of cock. Amy and I weren't even fucking but I was still hard in her wetness.

I reached around to cup Amy's breasts and she began fondling my balls. Then she began a slow rocking on me and then lifted off my cock a bit and then slid right back down on it. Nice and easy at first, up and down, she wanted this to last. She held my nuts and fucked me slow, it felt wonderful. We watched as Sally came again, her legs actually were shaking. After that, they both turned towards us to watch us fuck. Sally stroked Dave's cock as they enjoyed our show. We fucked like that for a few minutes and then we moved onto the floor, over by Sally & 

Dave. Amy got on her back and spread her legs, inviting me to enter her. Sally reached over and helped guide my cock into her friend and held my nuts for the first few strokes. Dave said to me, "Fuck her good and hard and tell her when you're ready to cum." I figured he wanted me to pull out and not squirt into her, so I said, "Don't worry, I won't cum in her."

He replied, "No, I want you to, I just want to watch her as you cum inside her pussy."

That was all I needed, as I continued to fuck Dave's wife, I kept thinking about shooting my load into her. As selfish as it sounds, I wasn't really concerned at that point with pleasing her... I just wanted to cum inside of her. 

It didn't take much longer, and I did tell Amy when I was nearing my orgasm. When I did cum, I came long & hard while Amy cried out several times "Oh Bob!, Oh Bob!". That was a real ego boost. Dave and Sally had watched us and as we laid there, they resumed where they left off, we got to watch them. They went back to their 69 position, with Sally on top and ate each other like there was no tomorrow. 

I wanted a bit of a rest, but Amy obviously wasn't finished. My cock was still covered with a combination of Amy's juice and my cum, but Amy leaned over me and began licking my cock. No one has ever done that before and it was a real turn on for me. 

Apparently she didn't mind eating cum and as she licked and sucked me, I began to grow again. While holding my growing cock in her mouth, she carefully swung around and got over me so we were in the same position as our spouses. 

I've never eaten a woman after I've fucked her, but Amy seemed intent on having more orgasms. As I was eating her, my cum was slowly working it's way out of her hole and running down to her clit. I never tasted my cum before, never wanted to, it seemed kind of gross... but as she continued give me a great blowjob and grind her cunt into my face, I was getting more and more turned on. I actually enjoyed eating her and getting some of my cum into my mouth wasn't bad at all. 

Amy came again and I was as hard as could be... so we got onto our knees and started fucking "doggie" style. 

Dave and Sally did the same and we fucked while we faced each other. 

Dave still hadn't cum yet but he was now fucking Sally really hard from behind and we all knew he would soon be filling her with his cream. He stopped pumping her for just a moment as he came and then gave her 5 or 6 hard stabs with his cock to get all his cum out. 

Amy and I continued fucking for awhile, but I felt like I wasn't going to cum again. We stopped and as all of us were laying on the floor, we all complimented each other for the great sex and talked about how exciting it was to watch each other. We had been at it for over an hour and we all were pretty tired. Amy offered to have us stay overnight and after we all got a turn cleaning up in the bathroom, we all slept in their king size bed. It was a bit crowded, but we did get a few hours of sleep.

The next morning, I woke up and Amy & Dave were fucking next to me... and it wasn't long before Sally & I were doing the same...

Dave and Amy were worried about changing our relationship... it did change, but I think there's nothing to worry about.