 Dave and Kaufman decided they needed another roommate for their two bedroom Los Angeles apartment. It was in a really cool complex downtown with a lot of attractive people living there. The tenants liked to tell visitors it was built inside what had once been a sex toy factory which was almost true. But for Kaufman and Dave it was slightly above their means. They were late with the rent. It was the first time this had ever happened but still, they were swamped financially. They were both young, single and learning life lessons. They had been roommates for a few months and got along great. They both had decent jobs.

"Do people still use Facebook?" Dave asked.

"Not really. Mostly grandmas" Kaufman answered. "Maybe you can find us a rando grandma for a roommate."

"Fuck that shit! Let's just post it on instagram and see if anyone bites."

They both did and a few minutes later Kaufman was getting DMs from a girl he knew from his acting days.

"She says she can come over now and we can interview her. Her name is Margaret. By the way dude, full disclosure, we dated. Really more like friends with benefits."

"Ask if she can come over before I go to my basketball game." Dave played semi-professional basketball in the G-League which doesn't pay well.

"She's on her way over," Kaufman told Dave. 

"Should we get dressed up or something? Is she hot?" Dave asked.

"You're always on the prowl, right?" 

"Always, bruh, always. I'm not ashamed to go after some sloppy seconds."

Margaret showed up a minute later and Kaufman let her in. "Hey Margaret."

"Hey Kaufman. You must be Dave?" "What's up? How did you get here so fast?"

Margaret was better looking than Dave was expecting and it showed on his face because he literally dropped his jaw and a little bit drool was coming from the side of his mouth. She had dark hair cut in a bob and Asian features in her face. She was wearing thick black glasses and a tight red Coca Cola t shirt without a bra and destroyed Levi's shorts.

"I heard y'all needed a roommate?"

"I mean we're thinking about it." Dave said a little sarcastically.

"Could I have my own room? I mean I am a girl so maybe I don't want you guys watching me change my panties or masturbate or stuff like that. You know what I mean?

Also, I'm not sure I want to have sex in the same room in front of my roommates you know? You guys look like you'd probably be into it though I bet, right? To be honest I've always had a fantasy of having group sex with roommates. But it's never happened. Have you guys ever done that shit? For real I always wanted to come home to an orgy going on and I just jump in and start taking it up the ass or something. Just kidding, I'm not really into taking it in the ass. Have you guys ever taken it in the ass?"

Dave and Kaufman looked befuddled at each other and shook their heads no.

"Maybe we should talk about all this stuff if we're going to be roommates, you know? I had a couple of roommates get mad because they could hear me fucking my boyfriend. So what? I'm a moaner sometimes. Sometimes I yell out directions. Who cares, right? One time a female roommate got so mad at me because I didn't "cover up" enough around her friends. Sometimes I like to be naked or topless around the house and I like to dress sexy, and sometimes I like to fuck, you know? And who cares if people are watching. Honestly it turns me on when people are listening or watching.

I broke up with a guy recently and lately I've been experimenting for the first time doing sex stuff with other girls."

She mimed eating pussy by licking between her fingers.

"I fucking love eating pussy. It tastes good, right?"

Both guys nodded.

"Plus ladies are way better at eating pussy and finger banging."

The guys' eyes lit up like a Christmas tree.

"I like to think I'm pretty good at that stuff," Kaufman chimed in. "I've been told I was pretty good at eating pussy. Also you told me that before."

"Don't get me wrong though I still love dicks. I don't think I could ever totally give up dicks, they just feel so good going in there," Margaret demonstrated by rubbing her crotch through her shorts a little longer than was necessary to get the point across, and it felt like she was starting to masturbate for real before making herself stop.

"You can have your own room if you pay more rent. Plus neither one of us has a girlfriend right now so I don't think either of us mind if you want to wear sexy stuff around the apartment

." Dave said sternly. 

"But wouldn't it be weird to sleep in the same room and see each other's dicks and stuff?" Margaret asked innocently.

"I mean honestly I don't care if Kaufman sees my dick," Dave said.

"Yeah, me either. I'll show Dave my dick right now." Kaufman unzipped his jeans and pulled his dick out of his underwear. It was a large dick and it was shaved.

"Damn bro, you got a monster penis. Mine isn't nearly as big", Dave said humbly. He pulled his own dick out of its jock strap and showed them it was a lot smaller.

Margaret was getting excited."Have you ever see each other's dicks before? and follow up question: Have you seen each other with naked hard dicks? And a follow up to that question: Have guys ever touched your penises together or had some kind of sword fight or jerked off together or given each other blow jobs or any gay stuff?"

"Not really," Dave said.

"There was that one time we were both fucking at the same time in the same room. Some girls came over and we all got hammered and fucked on the couch at the same time together," Kaufman remembered.

"Maybe we should all see each other naked so it's no big deal later" Margaret suggested.

There was an awkward silence for a few seconds.

"I'm down if y'all are." said Kaufman. He took off his jeans, underwear and socks until he was completely nude.

Margaret couldn't help herself and had to touch it. She gave Kaufman a gentle squeeze, wrapping her small hand around his cock as it grew in size.

"Your turn," Kaufman said to her.

"I get to go last" she said.

Dave was taking his basketball uniform off as quickly as he could until he stood in his jock strap.

"Nice. I've never seen a black guy's dick before. Does that mean I'm racist?" Margaret said laughing as she jumped up and touched Dave through the strange material of his jock strap before reaching in and pulling Dave's penis out.

Dave took his jock strap off. "Ok, Margaret. Your turn."

"How about I get to keep my shorts on but you guys can play with my tits? Everyone likes my tits."

They gave her a look that said "no deal".

Margaret took her t shirt off and wasn't wearing a bra. She had nice B size breasts and she got on all fours on the couch, pointing her ass towards the guys. This gave both guys a nice view of her ass cheeks coming out of those barely there shorts that still just covered her pussy.

Kaufman spoke up. "Margaret, we've already shown you our dicks."

Margaret giggled.

"Me and Dave are really going out on a limb here."

Dave chimed in: "True!"

Kaufman continued, "Also I thought this wasn't supposed to be sexual. Just to get comfortable around each other being naked and stuff, right? So we'd be cool as roommates."

"I mean whatever. I'm not really sure I can say that seeing two hard dicks flopping around doesn't make me a little horny and if you see my pussy right now it will be pretty obvious."

"Show us," Kaufman said.

She pushed down her shorts and panties to show them her shaved pussy was already wet. 

"Maybe if you guys are as aroused as I am it won't be a big deal." She rearranged her shorts to cover her crotch again barely.

"Like you want us to jerk off?" Dave asked and started demonstrating how he would hypothetically masturbate. He stepped closer to Margaret who nodded and leaned in for a closer inspection of Dave's growing black dick. 

"Jerk it, Dave! Did you guys know you were both circumcised? ...Dave, did Kaufman tell you me and him have had sex like a lot of times? Like a LOT of times?" asked Margaret while she watched Dave continue to play with himself. Margaret leaned in and touched Dave's dick before licking the length of it and finally kissing the tip. Then she put it in her mouth and gave him a legit blow job, at least for a few seconds. She fit all of it easily into her mouth and began letting it go in and out.

"Yeah, Kaufman mentioned it," Dave said as calmly as possible considering a stranger was fucking him with her mouth.

"We were in an experimental theater group together and we were both in a play called 'The Candy Man'" Kaufman said.

Margaret stopped sucking Dave's dick and took it out of her mouth.

"It was very controversial because it had a lot of sex. There was a scene where my character gives him a blowjob. That show ran for two months. He got hard every time right on cue." 

Dave looked like a deer in the headlights, standing naked with his boner that was still smaller than Kaufman at half staff.

"That was a weird play. I'm surprised it wasn't a bigger hit." Margaret said with a hint of sadness.

"Ok, but take your shorts off." Dave reached over and unbuttoned Margaret's buttons on her Levi's shorts.

Margaret became somewhat hesitant. "Come on Dave, we just met. And we are going to be roommates. What if we fuck each other? Will we get jealous if someone gets a girlfriend or a boyfriend?" Margaret said, feeling herself up and pulling her nipples pretty hard. "I mean if we al messed around and had threesomes sometimes, could I still bring home people to fuck? Plus sometimes I fuck girls. Are you guys ok with that? And can I be naked around the apartment and not get molested unless I want to? I'm not saying I wouldn't be down to fuck though."

"That seems pretty cool with me." Dave said and put his basketball uniform back on. "I've got a game tonight so I'm cool with whatever you guys decide. Truth be told, we need the money. So yeah, I've gotta peace out but you seem cool. Yeah, so I'm down if you want to be our roommate."

"So I'm in? All it took was showing you guys my tits and putting Dave's dick in my mouth? Cool." Margaret continued to pull hard on her nipples.

Dave left out the door to the hallway struggling slightly to carry a cargo net full of basketballs. "Peace!"

As soon as the door shut Kaufman pulled Margaret's shorts and panties off in one quick motion. Margaret took his long erection into her mouth as far as she could and worked it around with her tongue as the apartment door opened again.

Dave came back in. "Forgot my keys." He saw Margaret giving his roommate head with her nerdy glasses still on but made no comment.

This time when the door closed, Kaufman and Margaret started fucking hard on the rough wood floor in the missionary position. He didn't last very long before he pulled out and came as she took his big dick into her mouth again, this time swallowing his whole load, which was a lot of cum..

"Fuck, Margaret, we should do this more often if we're going to be roommates."

Margaret took his dick out of her mouth. "I know, right?"

Soon Kaufman was getting another erection. She guided it back to her shaved vagina and they began thrusting in and out again, this time harder until they both came. He stayed inside her and even though it was his second time he shot a pretty big load inside her.

"Are we gonna fuck like this constantly?" Margaret asked. "Also, I'm not on the pill."

They had been friends with benefits off and on since their play a couple years ago.

"I don't know. Let's just fuck each other's brains out if we feel like it but we can all fuck anyone we want, right?"

"I don't know. I made myself stop watching the news. Sex might be illegal now." Margaret answered as she pulled his dick out of her squishy pussy. She rubbed it against her labia and was still feeling really horny. She continued pulling her nipples like it was a nervous habit.

"Can I help?" Kaufman began pulling them and then put one in his mouth and sucked and nibbled it.

Margaret pulled a pack of Parliaments from the pocket of her shorts lying on the floor and lit one up.

There was a knock on the door. Kaufman stood up and looked through the peep hole. A good looking thin white girl with short blonde hair stood on the other side.

"Put some clothes on." Kaufman told Margaret as he grabbed a clean pair of boxer briefs and put them on before opening the door.

"Hi, I am Megan, we talked on the phone about an hour ago. I sent you a message on Instagram about the room?" she said, reaching out to shake Kaufman's hand that was covered in sex juice. If Megan noticed she didn't say anything.The apartment reaked of sex smells and cigarette smoke.

"Yeah, sorry I forgot. I think we actually found someone so sorry you probably came over for nothing but yeah, sorry. I'm Kaufman by the way." He stepped out more from behind the door revealing that he was only wearing his underwear.

"Invite her in for a beer," Margaret said as if she already owned the place as she stepped into the doorway, smoking and only wearing a thin white t-shirt from Kaufman's chest of drawers. It was very see through and obvious Margaret wasn't wearing anything underneath. She acted as if she didn't know her pussy kept peeking out from under the small shirt. She was still smoking a cigarette as if it were the 90's.

"I don't know." Megan said with hesitation. 

"Free beer" Margaret teased. "Kaufman, get us all beers. I'm Margaret."

"Megan."

They shook hands. 

"You guys have a nice place," Megan said looking around the apartment. "Do you always hang out in your underwear?"

"It was just hot today I guess." Margaret said sounding reasonable." And also I don't know if you can tell but I'm not wearing any underwear."

"I know. I can tell because I can see your pussy. I'm fucking dying in these jeans, it so fucking hot, right?" Megan said, mostly just trying to make conversation.

"What if two girls were in one room and two guys in the other bedroom?" Margaret asked Kaufman, who was still only wearing boxer briefs that didn't leave much to the imagination as he served the two women and himself each a 40 ounce glass bottle of Budweiser.

"You guys mind if I take my jeans off? It is HOT."

"Yeah sure , go for it." Kaufman said.

Megan sat on the couch and Margaret helped the new girl pull her tight jeans off, revealing her panties that were green and completely see through. Like the others, Megan had shaved off all of her pubic hair so her whole pussy was on display for her possibly new roommates.. She unbuttoned the buttons on her shirt and let her sheer black lace bra show. "Are you two a couple?" she asked Kaufman and Margaret.

"Only on special occasions." Margaret answered and put the beer bottle in her mouth and intentionally made it look like she was giving it head, giving everyone a laugh.

"We were doing an experiment to see if we could be compatible roommates." Kaufman said.

"But the experiment was to be naked. Also we just had sex. Twice." Margaret interjected.

"Sorry I interrupted."

"It's ok," Margaret added, "We were at a good stopping point. He just came inside of me."

Kaufman blushed.

Margaret was getting more confident. "Megan, if we shared a room would you mind if I masturbated in front of you?" Margaret asked.

"Would you mind if I joined in?" was Megan's answer.

"I'm pretty sure that would be ok." said the dark haired girl. "Maybe you can help us continue the experiment we were doing." 

Margaret had no panties and pulled the tight t shirt up over her hips, giving the other two a nice view as she started to play with her own vagina. "Do you guys mind?" 

"So maybe let's just all get naked, ok?" Megan asked.

Kaufman didn't say anything but took his underwear off. His penis was getting hard again. He sat back down in his chair completely naked. Margaret sat down on his lap with her bare ass rubbing his dick until it was getting as hard as possible.

Megan asked if she was giving him a lap dance.

"Should I? I've been watching this porn where guys rub their dicks on your pussy but they don't put it in." Margaret said while still rubbing her bare ass on Kaufman's growing dick. Margaret straddled it and demonstrated how they did it in the porn she had watched. Kaufman accidentally pushed the tip all the way in.

"Can I try it?" Megan asked almost too shy. She traded places with Margaret but kept her panties on, straddling Kaufman's legs, sitting down on his naked dick and balls. She held Kaufman's hard on, rubbing it against her panties. She kept doing it until they were both getting aroused sexually. Margaret sat on the floor in front of them, watching and rubbing herself all over, especially her pussy..

Megan took her shirt off and moved her panties out of the way so that Kaufman's dick was rubbing her pussy. On about the tenth stroke, Kaufman's hard on found its way into Megan's entrance and made itself at home inside their potential new roommate. He wasn't wearing a condom. They had just met.

"This is pretty sexy." Margaret said as she masturbated right in front of them. She stood up and walked up close to Kaufman. He put his tongue in her pussy and ate Margaret out while his dick was going in and out of Megan. He pulled out and took Megan doggy style on the couch, still wearing her bra with her bare ass and pussy sticking out to greet his dick. Margaret was still laying on the floor with several fingers pleasuring herself.

Kaufman pulled out and both girls took turns sucking and licking it and kissing each other. Margaret quickly removed Megan's bra so she could taste her small breasts.

Margaret sat on the couch and Megan started to eat the other woman's pussy while Kaufman was going deep in her pussy from behind again until he came again. He pulled out and shot his load on Megan's back. She didn't stop licking Margaret's pussy deep, pushing her tongue into it as far as she could.

Kaufman fell asleep on the couch naked.

"You think I can be a roommate?" Megan asked, taking a pause from licking Margaret's pussy.

"Probably. There's one other guy, Dave. He's a black guy but his dick is a little smaller than Kaufman. He has to OK everything."

"Why do you guys call him Kaufman?" 

"I've never heard him called anything else."

They sat together, each playing with her own vagina, pulling the lips and fingering themselves until they switched and played with each other's pussys with their fingers until they advanced to using their tongues in a 69. They both had another orgasm and fell asleep with Kaufman on the couch all naked bodies woven together. 

Which is how Dave found them when he got home around midnight.

Margaret woke up and told Dave to take his clothes off. She gave her new roomie a full blow job, this time until he came in her mouth.

They all lived together after that in an open group relationship, having sex with each other in almost every possible combination. This included Dave and Kaufman experimenting with incorporating male on male blow jobs and hand jobs into their group sex with the girls who never had an issue with anything and were almost always down to fuck, even on their periods. The guys never tried anal on each other but both girls were into it, often leading to double penatration with Dave and Kaufman both having sex at the same time with one or both of the girls, sometimes one after the other.

Other people in the complex heard about how wild they were and wanted to get in on what was happening. Dave, Margaret, Kaufman and Megan would often throw parties that were known to get really crazy, especially the time they...(to be continued)