 Dave and Linda are a young married couple. He is 23 and she is 25 and they have been married for two years with their three year anniversary coming up within the month. Dave has always had the secret desire to experience a good butt fucking. He has fucked Linda's ass since they began dating and has loved every minute of it. She always told him how much she enjoys it, and that she wished she could share the pleasure with him. Linda has had some bisexual experience before and has really , really enjoyed it. She has shared two different women with Dave. Anyway, enough of the background info.

One week before their anniversary Linda was talking to a co-worker on the internet. Dave doesn't know about how she touches herself when she talks to him and how she wants him. Dave isn't one for computers. Anyway, one week before their anniversary Linda talks to her co-worker. She can hardly type as her hands shake with anticipation at their cyber session ahead. Dave is in bed sleeping when they begin. She feels her self all over as they talk. She starts at her 36-B Breasts. She squeezes them and twists her nipples with one hand as she types to him with the other. Then her hand wanders further down her body and begins rubbing the hot wetness of her excited pussy. She rubs up and down her pussy lips and presses hard for extra pressure. Slowly she parts her pussy lips and rubs her clit with her thumb. She squirms in her seat as she imagines her co-worker's big hot dick inside her. She has seen his dick over the web cam and has wanted it since. 

Dave and one other guy are the only two she has ever been with in her life. Her co-worker's dick puts both of them to shame. She slides one finger into her wet pussy as she still rubs her clit with her thumb. She works her one finger in and out and up and down as she squirms with pleasure in her seat. She then graduates to two fingers in her pussy. She pushes them in as far as they go and circles them around inside her to touch all of the sides and places she likes. She types with a shaking hand that she is riding his big hot dick. His jotted typing indicates that he is busy too. She then goes to a third finger deep inside her. She works all three fingers in unison. She works them in and out and up and down and in circles inside her, as she imagines what her co-worker would do with his dick . 

The conversation gets peculiar between them as her co-worker suddenly types for her to stop playing with her pussy. She reluctantly does. She sits there at the screen shaking and out of breath as she was on the verge of cumming all over her fingers. She is a little irritated that he made her stop so she types fast with her sticky fingers on the keyboard. Demanding to know why he had her stop, she types fast and erratic. He stammers as he types and asks her to listen to fantasy of his. She agreed and he began typing in a fast and hap-hazard manner. 

He very bluntly and quickly confessed that he has never fucked an ass before and would love to try it. He didn't want to fuck a woman's ass but a man's. Linda thought about this for a minute and thought about the confessions of her husband's desire to take it up the ass. Linda types to her co-worker that she would love to help him out and give Dave a surprise anniversary gift all at the same time. Linda and her co-worker set up a time and place, one week from today at a hotel just outside of town, for their encounter. Then her co-worker had to get off the computer.

Linda's mind was all abuzz with ideas and temptations of things she would love to try. She begins thinking of having that big dick of his penetrate her in every way possible, and is very quickly aware of the wet warmness coming back to her pussy. Still sitting at her now dead computer, she begins rubbing on her pussy again. She parts the lips and goes right for three fingers where she left off. She strokes them slowly in and out as she thinks of next week's activities. Soon, she has cum and climbed into bed. 

One week has passed and nothing else was said. It is now Dave and Linda's three year anniversary. They both had the night off, and Linda reserved a room at the swankest hotel in town. Her co-worker is already waiting there in the lobby for them. They come into the hotel lobby both a little tipsy from a night of dinner, drinking, and dancing. They head to the room kissing and groping each other all the way up the stairs. They get to the room and open the door. 

As soon as the door is closed behind them, the clothes hit the floor and the loving begins. Dave runs his big hands all over every curve of her body. Kissing her neck passionately, he takes a breast in each hand and gently squeezes and rolls them around. He then kisses down her neck to her chest and takes her left nipple in his mouth. He gently sucks on it and rolls it around in his mouth. He makes little circles and figure 8s on it with his tongue, as he gropes it with his mouth. He doesn't let go as he backs her up to the bed and lays her down. He holds her up as she slides onto the bed. 

Once she has lain down on the bed Dave switches nipples and gropes the now wet nipple with his fingers. His crotch is hot with expectation as tiny drops of precum accumulate on the head of his below average dick. Dave scoots Linda up in the bed until her head is comfortably on the pillow. He then tenderly kisses down her body stopping at her belly button and kisses it and licks it just for fun. He continues kissing his way down past her treasure trail and all of her thick black hair until he finds the prize. 

Once his head is between her legs he licks at her hot little clit first. Very gently Linda says to him as she shakes her butt playfully "you tease." Dave looks up and smiles at her and then he opens his mouth and dives in. He pulls her pussy lips apart with his fingers and pulls her clit into his mouth. Linda throws her head back and moans as she arches her back in pleasure. She pulls at Dave's hair as he sucks her clit and rolls his tongue around it. 

He then slides a finger into her pussy and strokes it in and out slowly as he massages her clit with his tongue. He pulls his finger out and moves his mouth down further. Linda is taken by surprise and squirms a bit as Dave licks her pussy entrance and uses his thumb to rub her clit. He then pushes his tongue deep inside her and begins a deep heavy French kiss inside her pussy. He licks around the entire inside of her pussy. Linda squirms hard and pushes her pussy against his ready face. She arches her back to where she is nearly standing on her head, as she is close to cumming. 

Dave can feel her tighten up and especially feel her pussy wall close in around his tongue. With this encouragement he rubs her clit more intensely and pushes his tongue into her pussy harder and faster. Linda lets out one yelp and then another followed by a growl as her pussy walls quiver with the oncoming orgasm. She squirms all over and grabs Dave's head and yanks hard at his hair. She screams as she climaxes all over her husband's eager face. Dave happily laps up all of Linda's climax juices and continues to lick and suck at her pussy until her orgasm subsides and she collapses on the bed again. 

Dave then stops licking her pussy and climbs up her body to look her in the face. Her eyes are glazed and absent looking as she stares up at him. She breaths heavily and then smiles up at him. "Wow." She staggers out under her heavy breath. Dave slides his body in between her legs and pulls her thighs towards her shoulders, as he settles in on top of her. The tip of his below average dick is poking the outer entrance to her pussy. He rubs it against her and can feel the heat from her freshly licked pussy on his dick. He then pushes ever so slightly and the head pops into her. Dave begins stroking it in and out of her very slowly, as he continues to stare into her eyes. 

Linda moans lightly as Dave pushes his dick into her with all his might. Dave is gathering momentum as he pounds her harder. Linda moans a little louder and pushes her pelvis up as Dave comes down. Dave's eyes don't leave hers as he fucks away at her pussy. Other than his lack of size, Dave is quite talented, especially at eating pussy. He has been told by every woman he has ever been with (sadly only 3) that he was the best they'd ever had in that regard.

Dave swings his hips up and down and in circles and he pounds into her. The wetness from her pussy splashes a bit as he smashes into her. Dave continues like this for over a half hour before he has to cum. Dave feels it coming on and pushes himself up off of Linda. He grabs her ankles and pushes them towards her head without missing a stroke. He can now watch as he fucks her. As he gets close, he leans more into her and pushes her ankles up to the point that he can look her in the eye again. 

Dave can feel his balls tighten up as they prepare to fire. His body tenses and jerks a bit as it begins. Dave lets out whimper like moans as he begins Cumming in her. He shoots load after load into her. He cums in her pussy and fills it to the brim. Dave has always been a big cummer. He likes to pull it out when he cums to see how far he can shoot. He can hit the headboard usually and once he actually got the ceiling. Anyway, Dave keeps fucking her as his own hot cum oozes out around his dick and down to the bed sheet, leaving a hot sticky spot. 

Dave continues for about five minutes after he cums. He can't go anymore as his dick is going limp. He collapses to the bed next to Linda and breaths heavily into her face. He pants out, "Do you know how much I love you?" 

Linda looks at him with a smile and asks "How much?" 

Dave swallows and pants for breath before he speaks, "More than there are stars in the sky and more than there are waves in the ocean." 

Linda hugs him tightly and whispers at him, "Always and forever?" to which Dave whispers back, "Forever and Always." 

Linda lays there for a few minutes in Dave's arms and then gets up out of bed and heads for the shower. She can't very well go down to the lobby to get her friend all naked and sticky, can she? Dave falls in and out of sleep as Linda showers. She then puts on her tight blue jeans that show off her gorgeous ass and legs. Her co-worker Jeff has always showed his appreciation for her ass and legs. She throws on a loose fitting t- shirt with no bra and heads out the door. 

Jeff is in the hall waiting for her instead of in the lobby. He followed them up. Linda walks up to him and hugs him tightly. Jeff hugs her back and grabs her ass in the hallway. "Love those jeans." Jeff says as his healthy six foot, thick muscular body wraps around her. 

"I know you do, we need to talk." 

Jeff is a slightly arrogant person and responds with "Ok shoot."

Linda begins to re-explain again that she loves Dave very much and that this is just going to be meaningless pleasure and that nothing is going to come in between her and her husband. "Yeah, ok babe whatever." was his response. Linda leads him to the room and lets him in. He sees Dave on the bed asleep. 

He looks over at Linda and then back at Dave, "this is your husband? You told me he was hot."

Linda quickly interrupts, "to me he is." 

"Ok if you say so but he looks more fat and lumpy that hot and stud-ly to me." Linda snaps quickly at him, "look do you want to do this or not?" 

Jeff looked at her and then back at Dave, "Yeah of course, now what would you like me to do first?" Linda walks over and picks up Dave's tie from the floor. She then sits on the edge of the bed and ties it on Dave's head as a blindfold. 

Dave wakes up and mumbles out "what's going on?" and grabs for the tie. Linda grabs his hand and shushes him. 

"It's me and I want you to leave this on, I have a surprise for you." Dave is silent for a moment as Linda guides his body. She moves Dave to his back so his semi-hard dick is in the air. Jeff chuckles a bit at the size of it and Linda looks at him sternly. He stops immediately. 

Linda then motions for Jeff to come over as she takes Dave's dick in her mouth. It instantly hardens as she delicately licks the cum and pussy juices from it. Dave moans and rubs his hand on her back, as she sucks away rolling and licking his dick as she goes. Jeff is undressing and is soon naked. 

Linda looks at his dick in surprise. It looks bigger in real life. As he comes to the bed, she can't keep her eyes off of it. It is every bit of ten or twelve inches long and every bit as thick as a 20 oz. plastic Pepsi bottle. It is a truly monster dick indeed. She quivers as he comes to the bed. 

Her pussy floods with juices and heat. She then redirects her attention to Dave's dick in her mouth. She sucks it greedily and strokes it with her mouth. She motions for Jeff to come closer and he kneels on the bed. Linda reaches up and grabs him by the back of the neck and pulls his head down towards hers. She pulls him until his face is next to hers and then tilts her head. Jeff reluctantly comes in to kiss her with Dave's dick in her mouth as they agreed on prior. Jeff tongues her mouth hungrily with Dave's dick in it. Linda then pulls away and pushes Jeff's face down onto Dave's dick. He begins sucking and licking away as if he knew what to do. 

Dave squirms in pleasure, as Jeff is obviously good at this. Dave pulls at his hair and arches his back as he moans. Linda gets off the bed and undresses. She stands there naked and looking at Jeff's naked ass, as he sucks her husband's dick. Jeff really digs in, taking all of Dave in his mouth, and rolls it around inside. Soon Dave is ready to cum and lets it be known. He rips at Jeff's hair as he shoots his hot cum into his mouth. Jeff pulls away quickly, and gets a shot on the face, as he protests to the taste.

Linda shoos Jeff away for a minute and comes back to the bed. She climbs in next to Dave and whispers in his ear. "Was that good?" 

Dave is shaky and weak so he just nods his approval. 

"Good, now I need you to get on your knees for me, Ok?" 

Dave tilts his head at her and asks, "on my knees?" 

"Yes, on your knees." Dave can't imagine what she wants him on his knees for but complies. Still in his necktie blind fold, he gets on his knees and puts his round ass in the air. 

Linda takes a tube a lube gel off the nightstand and applies it to her fingers on one hand, and then rubs those fingers all over Dave's ass. Dave squirms a bit and then comments on the coldness of the gel but Linda continues. Linda then inserts one finger into his tight, hot, never-before-has-been-touched ass. Dave smiles as he thinks he knows what to expect. He thinks Linda is just going to finger his ass a while, as she promised to do so many times. Linda then inserts two fingers. Dave is pushing his ass back on her fingers as he enjoys being touched where he never had before. 

Linda motions for Jeff to rejoin them on the bed and, he does, positioning himself right behind Dave's ass. Linda inserts a third finger and works it around as Dave nearly screams in pleasure. His first time ever getting his ass touched, and it getting stretched so far felt good. Linda pours lube Onto her other hand and begins stroking Jeff's huge dick with it. She lubes every inch of him and slowly guides the head of his dick forward until it is touching the back of her hand that is fingering Dave's ass. She looks at this dick and doubts it will fit but pulls Jeff Closer still. 

She is still fingering Dave with three fingers, but Jeff's dick is so close now that she has to move her hand around to make room. Jeff grabs the shaft of his dick and proceeds to push forwards. Linda's fingers are still in Dave's ass as Jeff begins pushing against Dave's ass hole. Linda moves her fingers and grabs the head of Jeff's lubed dick. She places it right on the entrance to his hole and pulls Jeff forwards. 

She can feel Dave's muscles tighten and he pushes back against Jeff's dick. The going is slow, but progress is made and the very tip of Jeff's huge dick parts Dave's asshole. Dave grunts in pain as Jeff pushes hard against him. Linda still has hold of Jeff's shaft and is guiding the pushing. She holds Jeff still and leans over to whisper to Dave. "Relax baby, just relax, you're too tense, take a few big breaths for me." Dave took in one big deep breath after another and soon Linda could feel him loosen up his body and with it, his asshole. 

Seeing the opportunity Linda pulls Jeff forwards. The head bobbles into Dave's ass slowly but surely until the head is completely gone. Linda takes her hand off Jeff's dick and talks to Dave again. "You like?" 

Dave pants out in response, "What are you doing to me?" 

Linda strokes his hair and talks soothingly to him "This is my anniversary gift to you, relax and enjoy." She then grabs Jeff's shaft again and pulls forward again. Inch by inch the mammoth girth of Jeff slides into Dave's lubed and slick ass. 

Dave lets out grunts of pain and pleasure and Jeff goes deeper and deeper. Jeff stops for a few seconds to let Dave's ass muscles loosen again and then plunges for a few more inches. It takes nearly 15 minutes for Jeff to get all inside of Dave. Dave's balls are touching Jeff's, he is in so far. Jeff then retreats just as slowly as he entered, one inch at a time. Jeff takes his dick completely out of Dave's ass and puts more lube gel on it. 

He then reinserts it. His ten inch monster slides in easier this time but it is still tough going. Jeff, once again, plunges forth into Dave's virgin ass one inch at a time until, in about five minutes, he is all the further he can go. They are balls to balls again, and on the inside Jeff can feel the curve in Dave's colon with his dick. Jeff pulls out in one slow fluid motion this time and Dave lets out a moan of pleasure along with a "Oh yeah." Jeff pulls his dick out almost all the way again and then pushes it forward. In one very slow fluid nonstop motion he is back to being balls to balls. 

Jeff and Dave both let out moans of pleasure. Linda is tired of watching so decides to get involved. She reaches up underneath Dave and grabs his precum soaked dick and begins jacking him off in rhythm with Jeff's pumping. In a few minutes Jeff is going in and out of Dave in a steady yet slow rhythm. By the way they are moaning at each other and crying out for more going faster isn't necessary. Linda jerks Dave's dick slowly. 

Jeff then speeds things up a bit and pushes faster and harder. Dave lets out moan after moan as Jeff speeds up. Soon Jeff is pounding his ass hard and fast and Dave is nearly screaming in pleasure. Linda can't keep up jacking off anymore and stops to watch. Dave pushes back hard to meet Jeff's thrusts both men sweating and breathing hard from the intensity. Dave is definitely louder in his moans and higher pitched. Linda realizes that her hands are still lubed and decides to use them. She gets behind Jeff's pumping ass and rubs it. She leans him forwards as he doesn't stop pushing into Dave's not so tight anymore ass. 

She rubs her fingers all over Jeff's ass hole and slides two fingers in at once. Jeff moans but doesn't slow his rhythm. His ass is looser than Dave's. Linda works the two fingers around a bit and then inserts a third and in quick procession a fourth. Jeff is now moaning and squirming just as much as Dave. Linda works her four little fingers around in his ass. Linda can feel his muscles tighten and relax with every pump into Dave. As she pumps her four fingers in and out of Jeff with the same rhythm that Jeff is using on Dave, she can feel his ass loosen a bit with every pump. She rubs lube from her free hand all over the one she is using in Jeff's ass and continues to pump right along with him. 

Linda begins pushing harder each time, and soon she has part of her thumb up his ass. She wiggles her hand around into every angle she can touching every part of his insides. Jeff doesn't slow at all. Actually, he pumps Dave faster and Linda pushes hard into his ass. Jeff moans in a whimper as she pushes harder. 
