 Early the next morning, Dave wakes up and takes off the necktie blindfold. Dave's first thought is, "what the hell that was last night?" Dave wakes Linda to ask her what had happened. Linda looks at her husband with sleepy eyes. 

She yawns a bit and then asks Dave, "Did you enjoy your present last night?" 

Dave looked at her like he was confused and then responded, "Well, yeah of course. But, uh, who was that last night?" 

Linda smiled at Dave and said, "Jeff." 

"Jeff from work, Jeff?" Dave asks. 

"Yeah that Jeff." Dave then rolls out of bed with a smile and heads to the potty to do his thing. He promptly comes back to bed still with same grin on his face. 

"Tell me what happened, I was blindfolded." 

Linda sits up in bed and begins telling him, "Well you had your dick sucked by him and he fucked your ass and well then you took all of my hand and his dick in your ass all at once, and that's about it." 

Dave looks at her with and eager look on his face and asks, "What did you do last night with him then?" 

"Well nothing really. I helped him give it to you and that was about all." Dave looked over at the clock beside the bed and noticed it was a little after 8. He knows check out time is at noon, which gives them three hours. 

Dave says to Linda, "Oh, Hun, it was your anniversary too. I shouldn't be the only one getting my fantasy. It's not fair."

Linda responds, "Don't be silly, I was happy to do it." 

Dave then asks, "If you could have any fantasy fulfilled, what would you want to do?" Linda thinks for a minute and then gets up out of bed and disappears into the bathroom. In a few minutes she re-emerges and sits back on the side of the bed. 

"Well, I don't know. My favorite fantasy is to take on two guys at a time, you know, one in each hole. But I'm afraid it'll hurt, though." Dave sits up straight in bed with an even bigger smile on his face. 

"There is only one way to find out. Call Jeff and have him come back." 

Linda looks at him with surprise in her eyes, "Are you serious?" 

Dave quickly responds, "Yes, and I insist. You gave me my favorite fantasy last night and I want to give you yours today. Call 'em back." Linda reaches for the phone and dials. She takes the phone to the bathroom to talk to Jeff and then comes back after the phone is hung up. Dave then playfully grabs Linda and tosses her to the bed. Linda lets out whooping laughs as Dave tickles her ribs and kisses all over her head, neck, and face. Dave then looks into her eyes and stops teasing, "I love you." 

Linda brushes the hair out of Dave's face and says, "I love you too." Then they share a deep passionate kiss. Dave's hands roam all over her body from top to bottom as they kiss. Dave's fingers stop at her clit and lightly rub her to get her excited. Then he parts her pussy lips and rubs her pussy. 

Dave looks down into eyes again, "you're wet." Linda blushes and shies away. "You're looking forward to this aren't you?" Dave asks. 

Linda smiles a shy and embarrassed smile at him, "Yeah, I guess, I've just always wanted to know what it feels like." 

Dave pushes her legs apart with his knees and lowers himself over her. He looks Linda right in the eyes as he enters her. Dave enters slowly and pushes until his dick is all the way in. Dave then withdraws and begins slamming his pelvis into hers. Linda is surprised at his ferocity. Dave grunts and groans wildly as he slams his wife's pussy. He pounds her hard and fast, making wet slapping sounds. Dave is amazed at the wetness of Linda and just slams harder and faster. 

The headboard bangs the wall with his thrusts. Linda arches her back and squirms under Dave. After ten or so minutes Dave is cumming hard inside her. Linda rakes her nails across his back as he cums inside her. Dave cums in her until cum oozes out around his dick. Dave then quickly withdraws his dick and moves his head between her legs. Dave begins doing something he has never done before. Dave sucks and licks the cum out of Linda's pussy. Dave circles his tongue inside her and laps hungrily at the cum. 

Linda is astonishes and definitely pleased. She is moaning and arching her back hard. She grips at Dave's hair as she squirms and moans under his violating tongue. Dave takes five minutes or so to lick the cum out and then starts licking and sucking on her clit. Dave sucks her clit into his mouth and rolls the tip of his tongue around on it and pulls slightly. Linda obviously enjoys this. In just a few moments, Linda cums hard in his face. Her legs tighten on the sides of his head and pull him in closer and tighter. She screams a weak and shaky scream, as she pulls hard at his hair. When her orgasm is over she releases his head and stretches out on the bed again. 

Dave lies next to Linda and holds her in his arms and they pant and breathe in unison. Dave pants out, "Good?" 

Linda pants back, "Awesome". Then there is a knock at the door. Linda gets up to see who it is. She stands at the door naked and slightly silhouetted with sweat trickling down her body. She looks through the peep hole and sees Jeff standing there. She quickly opens the door and hurries him in. Jeff comes in with Linda behind him and sits on the bed. 

He looks at Dave and says, "Hey." 

Dave responds, "Hey." 

Linda sits between them and begins talking to both of them. "Last night was wonderful." 

Dave was the first to agree, "Yes it was. Thanks Jeff for uh, well you know." 

"Yeah, Dave Thank you for letting me uh, fuck your ass. Never got to do that before." Dave looks at the hard bulge on the front of Jeff's pants. 

"I want to see it; I didn't get to see it last night." Jeff stands up and hurriedly undoes his belt. "Sure thing."

Linda stands up and walks over in front of Jeff, "Let me." Jeff drops his hands to his sides and lets Linda undo his pants. She unsnaps them and then unzips them slowly. Jeff is wearing no underwear. Linda then shimmies his pants to his knees. 

When she looks back up she is greeted with 12 inches of fat hard dick in her face. Linda looks up at Jeff and wraps her hand around his dick. She ponders it for a minute and then begins licking it. She starts at the knob on the bottom and licks her way to the base. She then licks her way back up and laps at the head. Dave is unexplainably hard and excited to watch his wife please another man. Linda opens her mouth as wide as she can and crams Jeff's dick into her mouth. His dick is so fat that she can get no more than the head in. Jeff runs his fingers in her hair and throws his head back in appreciation.

Dave inches closer to get a better look. Linda bobs her head back and forth and strokes the shaft of Jeff's dick. Dave comes to the floor with Linda and sits next to her on the floor. He is inches away from her face and the dick that's in it. Dave nudges Linda a bit and she backs her mouth off of Jeff's dick. Dave positions himself on the floor in front of Jeff and looks up to him. "You did mine last night and I ought to return the favor."

Jeff looks down at him breathing hard from the pleasure Linda just gave him. "OK whatever." Dave begins timidly licking the dick. He starts at the base and licks his nuts a little bit before starting on the shaft. Dave is surprised at the taste. It doesn't taste half as bad as he thought it would. He figured it would taste musty and sweaty but is pleasantly surprised. Dave licks and nibbles his way up to the head and laps at it slowly. Dave then opens his mouth as wide as he can, and engulfs the head of Jeff's dick. Dave cannot take it very far. 

His mouth feels like it is unhinged and his jaw begins to throb but he continues. He laps and rolls his tongue around on the sensitive spot on the bottom. He sucks hard as he does this. Jeff grabs a hand full of Dave's hair, and Dave can feel Jeff's legs tremble underneath him. Dave continues sucking and rolling his tongue around for as long as the stiffness in his jaw will allow. Jeff grunts and groans and Dave can feel his muscles tighten up down his legs. Dave knows what is coming and sucks harder and rolls his tongue faster. In a few moments Jeff rips at Dave's hair and his body jerks around hard and hurriedly. 

Jeff's dick pulsated in Dave's mouth and then shoots load after load of hot cum in his mouth. Dave swallows instinctively and sucks harder and harder trying to drain Jeff dry. Dave is amazed that Jeff's cum tastes just like his. Somehow, he figured it would taste different. 

Jeff pulls his dick out of Dave's mouth and collapses back on the bed in panting ecstasy. Dave gets off the floor and sits on the bed. Linda climbs up on the bed between Dave's legs and gives His dick a kiss on the way. Linda then lies between Jeff and Dave and reaches over to each of them. She takes a dick in each hand and begins stroking. Dave is already hard and ready and this is just driving him nuts. Jeff's dick is deflating like a balloon after just cumming. 

Linda gives up on stroking them both. She rolls off the bed and stands up. She looks down at Jeff with a smile. "Jeff, on your knees." Jeff pants and sighs a bit and then rolls over. He gets on his knees and puts his ass in the air. Linda then tells Dave to get up and come over there. Dave gets behind Jeff's ass and looks at. Jeff is right at the edge of the bed so his ass is the perfect height for Dave to stand up and fuck him. 

Linda whispers in Dave's ear, "I want you to eat his ass. Then I want you to fuck him like he did you last night." Dave reluctantly lowers himself to the floor behind Jeff and looks into his ass. His tight pink little hole looks so inviting and intriguing that Dave can't help himself. Dave brings his face over and timidly licks Jeff's ass. It wasn't shitty tasting like he expected it to be. Dave then grabbed a butt cheek in each hand and buried his face between Jeff's cheeks. Dave licked the outside of his hole and pushed his tongue into the center. 

Jeff moans and lets out an, "Oh wow never thought I'd get that today." Dave just kept licking. Linda reaches under Dave's chin and grabs Jeff's dick in her hand again. She strokes it downward, like milking a cow, as Dave licks in and out of his ass. He licks and sucks hard on Jeff's little hole.

Linda then pulls Dave's chin up with her free hand as the signal to stop and move on. Dave stands up and strokes his little dick behind Jeff's waiting and inviting ass. He comes in closer and Linda moves her hand out of the way. Dave then rubs the head against Jeff's ass. Jeff is silent as he holds his breath in expectation. 

Dave is only using his saliva as lubrication. Dave pushes his head against the hole and it slides slowly in. Dave stops when the head is all in and then continues to push. Jeff lets out a little moan and pushes back against Dave. Dave then pushes his dick hard into his ass until his balls slam against Jeff's. Jeff bucks his head back and moans loudly. Dave stops and leaves his dick right where it is and calls to Jeff. "You like?" 

Jeff responds, "Oh hell yes, fuck me hard." 

Dave takes his cue and pulls his dick nearly all the way out and then unleashes a flurry of fast hard strokes. Jeff and Dave seem to be moaning in unison. Linda climbs back in bed at Jeff's head and lies down. She pulls herself under his face as Dave fucks him faster and harder. Jeff is being rocked so hard back and forth that he can barely eat Linda's pussy, but he tries. 

Dave grabs the meat on Jeff's thighs as he pounds harder and harder. Jeff lets out sounds like he is about to scream as Dave pounds harder and harder into him. Linda pulls at Jeff's hair wanting so bad for the man she had cyber-ed with so many times to put his tongue to work. Dave lets out a quick series of guttural moans and jerks at Jeff's ass as he cums in him. 

In a few moments Dave is out of Jeff's ass and lying back on the bed breathing hard. Seizing the opportunity Linda pulls Jeff's face into her pussy. Jeff is breathing hard as he licks her pussy and clit. He is not as good as Dave at it, obviously, but Linda still enjoys. As Jeff licks and sucks at her pussy she is barely moaning and swats at Dave to get his attention.

Dave pulls himself up and walks on his knees across the bed to Linda. Linda reaches for his dick as it slowly deflates itself. She pulls it toward her until Dave gets the idea. Dave gets off the bed and stands right behind where her head is. He then lowers himself to the mattress until his dick swings right above her face. Linda reaches up with her mouth and pulls Dave's nearly limp dick into her mouth. She sucks and licks it awkwardly, but does the best she can in the angle she is in. Dave looks down on her and strokes her hair as she sucks his dick back to life. 

In a few moments Dave is hard again and throbbing for more. Linda spits out his dick and pushes Jeff's head away from her pussy. She then grabs Dave by the shoulders and pushes him down on the bed. Dave positions himself into the middle of the bed. Linda pushes his legs far apart and gets on her knees facing his feet. Dave grabs his dick and points it at her pussy. She backs up into him until the head of his dick touches her pussy. 

She then reaches back and grabs his dick by the stalk and repositions it to face her ass hole. She then backs up until the head touches her hole. She then licks her fingers to get them wet and rubs the moisture on her ass. She inserts just the tip of one of her wet fingers in her hole and then backs further into Dave. She takes his dick and rubs it against the now moist hole and then backs up. Dave's dick kind of pops into her frequently fucked ass (they do it often). She moans as it penetrates and then backs into him until his whole dick is in her. 

She then pushes herself up until she can put her feet flat on the bed. Once she is sitting on his dick she bounces up and down. As she bounces she pulls Jeff to his feet. He stands up on the bed and walks over to her. She then grabs his dick and puts it in her mouth. Her mouth opened wide but she can still only take the head.

She sucks Jeff while taking Dave up her ass for only a few minutes and then lays her back against Dave's chest. 

Jeff knows what to do next and lowers himself between her legs. He pulls Linda's legs up and puts her ankles on his shoulders and lines his big dick up. Linda takes a deep breath in preparation, for she has never seen a dick this huge, let alone taken one. Jeff rubs his dick on her and then opens her lips with it. The hot moisture of her eager pussy greets his dick and eases its entrance into her a little. Jeff slowly pushes his dick into her tight wonderful pussy. 

It takes a few minutes to get it all the further it will go. Jeff's dick head is pressed firm against the entrance to Linda's cervix and will go no further. There is still four or five inches of dick left outside. Jeff withdraws. Linda shudders in pleasure and nearly yelps as he withdraws. Dave can feel Jeff's dick moving inside her against the bottom of his dick. It feels quite good. 

Jeff pulls his dick nearly all the way out and then plunges it back in. Linda arches her back hard and clutches vigorously at anything she can grab. She finds Dave's hand and squeezes hard. She lets out a howl of pleasure and an "oh my god." as Jeff pushes it back in. Dave squeezes her hand, and with the other reaches up and finds a nipple. He begins twirling her nipple between his fingers. Jeff withdraws and plunges again, this time quicker. And then again and again. His invading of Linda's pussy pushes against Dave's dick in her ass and it feels as he himself is fucking her. Linda squirms on Dave's chest in pleasure as Jeff gains momentum. Soon he is pounding her pussy fast and hard. 

Linda throws her head around and screams out in pleasure as he fucks her. She reaches her free hand down and rubs her clit as Jeff fucks her. Her whole body quivers and shakes with each thrust from Jeff. Jeff is rocking her body so much that it is impossible for Dave to hold on to her nipple. He squeezes her hand and rubs her randomly with his free one. 

Linda twiddles her clit and sends waves of pleasure from head to toe. Linda screams out as Jeff pounds harder. Dave is near cumming again from the pressure Jeff is putting on him through her vaginal wall. Linda lets out whooping calls of "Oh my god, yes. It's time! I'm gonna cum. I'm gonna cum!" Her whole body tightens and tenses up and she pushes her hips down to meet Jeff's thrust. 

She stops playing with her clit and grabs for Dave's free hand. She squeezes as she grunts out her orgasm. Her calls and screams slowly ease off and her orgasm subsides. Jeff grunts and grabs at Linda's thighs as he begins to cum in her pussy. He stops pounding and lets it cum. His hot thick cum flows free and fills her quickly. Soon it is running out of Linda's pussy and down onto Dave's dick in her ass. 

Dave arches his back as the pumping of Jeff has finally caused his to cum. He jerks his hips upward as he cums and grunts. He cums deep into her ass and squirms and grunts as he fills her up. Jeff pulls out and collapses on his side. Linda shakily gets herself off of Dave's dick and lies down at his side. 

Dave lays there and stares at Linda. She wraps her arms around him and snuggles him. She looks into his eyes and says, "thank you." 

Dave looks over at her and whispers back, "Thank you too." Dave and Linda lay there embracing each other with Jeff lying across the bed at their feet. Dave looks past Linda and sees the time. "Oh shit, it's almost check out time." Linda looks over at the clock and then gets her wobbling self out of the bed and goes to the bathroom. 

Jeff looks up at the clock and rolls out of bed. He begins to put his clothes back on. Dave rolls out of bed and starts getting dressed. Linda emerges from the bathroom dressed and combing her hair. Dave hurriedly finishes getting dressed and gathers up their suitcases. Jeff is dressed but is just standing there looking around in confusion. Linda walks over to him, "It was wonderful thank you."

Dave came to the two of them, "Yeah it was really, really wonderful." 

Jeff looks at both of them with a sly smile on his face. "You both were wonderful and I thank you." 

Dave wraps his arm around Linda's shoulders, "We'll have to do it again sometime." 

Jeff chuckles a little and says, "I'll see you on your next anniversary." With that said he walks to the door and leaves. 

Linda and Dave take a suitcase a piece and leave right behind him. In the hall Dave hugs Linda and kisses her passionately. "I love you so much and this is the best present you could have given me." 

Linda responds, "I love you too and thank you for giving me the fantasy I've always wanted." 

Dave looks into her eyes and says, "I really do love you, always and forever." Linda smiles back, "Forever and always." They leave the hotel and go back home and dream of next year.