 It is now mid September and Linda has a birthday coming in the next few days. Dave has to work on the night of her birthday but gets off around nine o'clock and will be home by 9:30. Linda has invited her lifelong friend and occasional lover over to help her celebrate. Kim brings her two young children who are in bed asleep by 8. Dave is very well aware of Kim and Linda's attraction since he is usually there and participating when they *play*. 

Kim is a single mother of two who has decided that all the good men are taken or gay so she may as well become bi and forget men for a while. Linda and Kim shared their first bi experience together a few years back and have maintained a strong friend based sexual relationship since. Anyway that is all another story. 

Since the two of them would be alone together, Dave already knew what he would be coming home to. 

Kim and Linda haven't spent any time together in three months or so and they really missed each other. Once both kids were down for the night, Kim and Linda start their celebration. It starts with Linda kissing Kim passionately and deeply. Kim's tongue wraps hard around Linda's and pulls it into her mouth. Their tongues dance together as if slow dancing at a high school prom for ten or fifteen minutes. As they kiss they embrace each other. Kim is more eager than Linda and it shows as her hands are all over Linda. Squeezing her shapely ass and her perfect breasts as they kiss. 

Linda and Kim hold hands as they walk to the bedroom to continue their sharing. Once in the bedroom they engage in another long passionate kiss. Their tongues dancing again but this one is more intense so it's more like tongue sumo wrestling. As they kiss hard and deep Kim unbuttons the front of Linda's blouse. It falls to the floor. Kim then unsnaps the back of Linda's bra and it falls to the floor too. Kim then kisses Linda's neck, biting and nibbling lightly to entice Linda and increase their excitement. 

Kim then kisses her way down Linda's chest and wraps her mouth around her nipple. Linda throws her head back as Kim nibbles her nipple and strokes it lightly with her tongue. Kim takes her other breast in her hand and squeezes it and massages it. She moves her attention to the nipple and squeezes it between two fingers and pulls on it lightly as she pulls the other with her teeth. Linda is shaking and staggering a little as Kim licks all over her nipple and pinches and twists the other. Linda likes her nipples roughed up a bit and is enjoying Kim's talents very much. 

Kim stops her onslaught on Linda's nipples and pushes her back on the bed. Linda lies on the bed now with her breasts pointing to the ceiling. Kim pulls off her shirt and bra in one fluid motion as she climbs into bed. Kim goes right back to Linda's hard, perky, little nipples. She sucks and nibbles on the opposite one as before. She pulls it with her teeth and runs her tongue over the bumpy texture of her erect nipple. She sucks hard to pull a lot of Linda's breast into her mouth. She then uses her free hand to squeeze the other breast and twiddle on its nipple. 

Linda reaches up from the bed and twirls her finger tips around the nipple of Kim's smaller, yet still very nice, breast. Kim kisses her way down the middle of Linda's body. She stops and licks her bellybutton lightly and then continues downward. Linda can still reach Kim's nipple and pulls at it and squeezes it. Kim's nipples are larger and get erect like pencil erasers, so Linda is really enjoying rolling it around between her fingers. She can feel the texture of them as she plays. 

Kim unbuttons and unzips Linda's pants and slowly pulls them downward. She then pulls at her panties which are a light blue lacey thong. She is not known to wear thongs unless it is a special occasion. Anyway, Kim pulls Linda's pants and panties down all at once. Linda lifts her butt up off the bed to help with getting undressed. Linda lets go of Kim's nipple as Kim lowers herself between Linda's legs. 

Kim goes right for the clit. She licks and kisses it lightly. Linda shaved in preparation for tonight, so her pussy is as smooth as silk for Kim. Linda grabs at Kim's hair as she begins licking and kissing her clit, and pulls her head closer. Kim then sucks Linda's hot and now wet clit into her mouth along with much of her pussy lips. She gives the whole works a mouth massage and lightly rubs her tongue between her pussy lips. Kim then laps hungrily at her clit and sucks hard as she concentrates on her clit. Linda rolls her head on the pillow and moans as she pulls at Kim's head. Kim buries her face deeper and licks fast and hard at her clit now. Shaking her head back and forth as she goes. 

Linda is arching her back and squeezing Kim's head between her thighs now. Kim licks her way down between Linda's pussy lips and stops at the sensitive spot just above the vagina where the urethra comes out, (if you have never been licked there, I recommend it; some like it, some don't but Linda loves it) Linda pulls hard at Kim's hair and lets out a whimper of a moan. Kim doesn't stay in one spot long and moves on in just a few seconds. 

Kim lowers herself further into Linda and parts her vaginal opening with her tongue. Kim kisses her open pussy as she did her tongue earlier; hard and fast and strong. Kim sucks at her pussy and rolls her tongue in quick wide circles inside the opening of her pussy. Linda is throwing her head back and rolling it around on the pillow and arching her back as she nearly comes to a scream. Kim lowers her head one more time and forces her face deeper into Linda. She pushes her tongue deeper into her pussy and rolls it harder and wider in circles, touching the entire inside of the opening of her pussy. 

She slows down and concentrates on licking the very bottom wall of her pussy. She darts her tongue in and out in this area and wiggles it along the bottom wall. Linda grabs at Kim's hair and gasps for breath as Kim continues. She soon moves on and lick the outside of this lower area and rolls her tongue right between the lips but doesn't put it into her pussy as she licks and sucks on the outside now. 

She licks her 'taint (it ain't the pussy and it ain't the ass it's that little piece of very sensitive skin in between.) Kim rolls her hot tongue around on the very sensitive skin between Linda's hot wet pussy and her tight ass. She sucks on this skin and nibbles even. Linda arches her back hard and nearly pushes herself up on her head and she squirms around. Linda obviously enjoys having this rarely explored sensitive spot played with and Kim obviously knows just how to do it. Kim then does the unexpected and moves further down. 

Kim hesitates and then begins lightly and cautiously licking the outside of Linda's ass. Kim rims Linda for a while lapping and sucking at her asshole. Kim has never done this before to Linda but Dave has, and Linda likes it. Kim rubs her tongue around the entrance to her ass and pushes slightly. Linda raises her legs to give Kim a better angle, which she uses quickly. Kim is pushing just the tip of her tongue into Linda's asshole. Linda squirms and moans with this. As Kim likes to do, she moves on to something else in a few minutes. 

Kim goes back up and licks Linda's hot and wet pussy again. Kim now takes her free hand and uses a couple fingers as she licks. She begins by rubbing Linda's clit as she licks her pussy deep and hard and penetrates her wetness with her hungry tongue. Kim then moves her fingers down and inserts two of them into Linda as she continues to lick her pussy. Linda squeals a bit and whimpers as Kim pushes two fingers in and licks her pussy at the same time. Kim moves up with her tongue and stops to tease the sensitive urethra spot again. She stays only seconds and moves back to her clit. 

Kim pumps her two fingers in and out of Linda and begins licking and sucking on her clit. She laps at it fast and hard. Linda responds with a giggling moan and squirming. Kim then forces in another finger to make three. Three fingers in her tight pussy is usually about all she can handle. Kim begins rolling them in a big circle as she pumps in and out. She touches every inch of the inside of Linda. 

She continues licking and sucking at her clit. Kim pulls Linda's clit back into her mouth and sucks on it hard as she taps at the tiny nub with her tongue. Linda's vaginal walls contract in waves as she nears her orgasm and Kim knows it. Feeling her squeeze and then loosen her pussy in waves, Kim lays it on heavy now. She rolls her clit around in her mouth and keeps constant contact with her tongue. Linda tenses and moans loudly and heavily. 

Kim then forces in a fourth finger (and I mean forces) without letting up on her licking and sucking. The response was instant and fierce. Linda grabs at Kim's head and let out a scream of "Oh my god" followed by about six more "Oh my god's" as Kim pumps her fingers in and out and all around as she sucks and licks away. Within a minute Linda is screaming out an intense orgasm. Her tight pussy, not being stretched that far since Jeff's huge dick in June, had more than it could handle. She squeezes and wrenches her legs tight around Kim's head and pulls at the sheets on the bed as she explodes from inside. 

Her orgasm is intense and long. She squirts her hot little cum drops on Kim's fingers as her vaginal muscles gyrate and pulsate so hard and intense that it nearly forces Kim out. Linda's whole body tenses as she cums hard on Kim's invading fingers. Then in an instant her orgasm is over. Her legs fall to the bed again and Kim pulls her four fingers out of her tight pussy. Kim licks Linda's cum and pussy juice off of her fingers as she climbs up the bed. 

Linda lays there with her eyes wide open and glazed over as she pants for air. Kim hugs her tight and kisses her deeply again. They share the taste of Linda's cum as Kim swirls her tongue inside her mouth, spreading the juice all over. Once the long kiss is over, Linda lays back to pant some more. She keeps muttering over and over, "Wow, oh my god" In a few minutes Linda is able to function again. 

She rolls over top of Kim and starts on her breasts. She begins drawing wide circles around her nipples with her tongue. She does it slow and wide as a tease. Linda speeds up as her tongue nears the glorious erect nipple. She rolls it around inside her lips and playfully laps her tongue at the tip of it. Kim runs her fingers through Linda's hair and bites her lip. Linda then takes the whole nipple and much of the breast in her mouth with one big inhale. Kim yelped in surprise and pleasure. 

Linda is a slow passionate lover where Kim is a fast and vigorous lover, so they have different styles. Anyway. Linda sucks slowly and deeply at Kim's nipples while continuing to do little circles around the tips. 

With her other hand Linda reaches over Kim's chest and takes hold of the other breast. She squeezes it lightly and moves to the nipple in one motion. As she licks and sucks gently on the nipple in her mouth, she pulls and twists the other with her fingers. She doesn't pull hard but when she turns it, it looks like it will twist right off. Kim squirms under this attention and moans softly under her breath. Kim uses one hand to run through Linda's hair as she pleases her nipples and uses the other to begin touching herself. Kim rubs her clit slowly but pushes down with a lot of pressure as Linda licks and sucks away. 

Linda sees what she is doing and stops playing with her nipple. Linda moves her mouth over to the other nipple and glides her hand down Kim's body. Linda takes the nipple into her waiting and eager mouth and gives it the same slow deliberate and very, very pleasurable treatment she gave the other. Linda runs her fingertips over Kim's hand and further down. She can feel the warmth from her pussy as she slides her hand closer. Linda then separates Kim's pussy lips to find a very hot and very wet pussy waiting for her. 

Quickly she inserts two fingers into the wetness and begins slowly pumping and swirling her fingers around inside. She stops sucking on her nipple and kisses Kim passionately. She doesn't take her fingers out as she kisses her deeply again. She buries her tongue deep in her mouth, and they push and swirl around one another's tongue for a very long few moments. 

Linda moves to three fingers without missing a beat as she continues to kiss Kim. Kim's is moaning and breathing heavy making it hard to kiss. Kim keeps the rhythm going on her clit with her fingers and now uses the other hand to massage and twist her nipple. Linda kisses down her face to her neck and nibbles and bites lightly at Kim's neck. Knowing her neck is very sensitive, Linda also sucks lightly to enhance the moment. She isn't sucking hard enough to leave hickeys since they both work tomorrow. 

Linda then kisses down her chest and stops at the breast not being played with. She keeps her three fingers pumping and rolling in rhythm as she caresses her nipple with her lips and then opens up and sucks it in. Kim's body is rigid as she gets this treatment. Linda rolls her nipple around harder and more intensely this time as she sucks it hard. She nibbles around the base of it and rolls it around with her tongue at the tip all while sucking hard at it. Kim's hand leaves her nipple and goes to the back of Linda's head. She squirms and moans "Oh god yes, that's good." and hisses a little as Linda pours on the passion. 

Linda slowly comes to a stop and looks up and the glassy eyes of Kim. Linda then moves and repositions herself between Kim's wide spread legs without taking her three fingers out of her pussy. Kim stops playing with her own clit as Linda uses her free hand to massage it. Kim is now using both hands to twist and pull her own nipples. Linda licks once at her clit, she stops to take in the familiar flavor she has missed so much. Linda then licks her clit again. 

In an awkward dance she licks lightly at her clit while her three fingers play inside her pussy. Linda then sucks her clit into her mouth and gives it a hard and vigorous welcome. She rolls it around fast as she nibbles at it and sucks at it and rolls her tongue on the tip all at the same time. Kim lets up a weak cry, "more." Linda licks and sucks harder and rolls her tongue faster on Kim's wet and hard, little, erect clit. 

Kim pushes her hips down against Linda's hand and says again, "more" still weak and shaky. Linda looks up from her pussy without stopping to see Kim's eyes fluttering and closed. Linda then realizes what Kim wants. She leaves the three fingers of her left hand inside her and then adds one with her right hand. Linda's hands are together as if she is praying between Kim's legs. One hand has three fingers in Kim's very wet and hot pussy and the other hand has just one. 

Kim squirms and arches her back as Linda pumps these four fingers inside her. Linda can't help but wonder how many she can get in since she now has four and Kim's pussy is very, very wet and doesn't feel full. They have never done more than three. Anyway. Linda pumps her fingers in and out and continues to lick and suck on her clit. Kim is squirming and arching her back and her body is tight and rigid as she moans. 

Linda changes the rhythm she is using on her clit and begins to suck and nibble harder. As Linda does this she also slows the pace of her tongue doing light circles on the tip of her hot and now very hard clit. She slows down. Kim pants out between moans, "more". Linda takes her cue and inserts one more finger from her right hand. She now has five inside her pussy. 

This one too seemed to slide in easily with all of the wetness in Kim's hot pussy. It is increasingly hard for Linda to suck and lick her clit but she continues. Her rhythm is off as now she has two pumping hands in her way but she makes do. Linda still holds Kim's clit in her mouth and sucks on it harder now than ever in an attempt to keep it in her mouth. She rolls her tongue awkwardly and in no perceivable rhythm now. Kim's lets up another call for, "more" after about five minutes of this. 

Linda stops working on her clit and inserts a third finger on her right hand. She can now feel the tightness of Kim's pussy closing on her hands as she now has six fingers inside her. The wetness of Kim's pussy makes little slurping sounds as Linda pumps her fingers in and out. 

Kim takes a hand off of a breast and moves it down to her clit. She takes up where Linda left off and twirls her fingertips on her own clit. Linda pumps and pushes these six fingers in and out and all over in circles. Kim lets go of her other nipple and moves that hand down to her pussy as well. She runs it over the other and uses her finger tips to lightly touch Linda's fingers as they pump in and out. 

It seems as if she wants her finger in to. Kim's body pulsates as her muscles all contract and release in unison with the pumping of Linda. Kim is shaking and almost incapable of moaning. She is letting out high pitched yelps and squirming all over the bed. Kim lets out a weak and shaky call for "more." Linda hesitates a little and then withdraws her hands a little. She then inserts both pinky fingers, one on either side, and reinserts her hands. Now she has eight inside her. 

Kim lets out loud shrill moans that are almost screams as Linda forces these final two fingers inside. Linda soon is back in the rhythm of pumping. Kim is now rubbing hard at her clit and pushing down on Linda's hands at the same time. Linda is confused and doesn't know what Kim wants. 

Kim is now nearly screaming as Linda has her pussy stretched tight and full. The amazing wetness of Kim's pussy is the only lube she has as she pushes all eight fingers in deeper and deeper. Kim's pussy walls pulsate as she nears Cumming. She is still rubbing hard at her clit and pushing with her other hand down on Linda's hands. Kim arches her back and rolls her head around on the pillow. 

She had her back arched so far that her butt lifts off the bed temporarily. She then slams back to the mattress letting out loud grunts and howls. In between grunts and growls Linda hears another, "more". Linda isn't sure that she heard it so she doesn't change anything. Then soon there is, "more....more....more" between moans. Linda aims to please so obliges. She slows her pumping to a crawl and lines her thumbs up alongside the rest of her hand. She then pushes. They don't go right in as the others did and Linda is now stopped. Kim's is screaming "more....more....more" As Linda pushes her hands against her pussy. 

In a few moments she gets her thumbs in to the first knuckle and stops. She soon after continues pushing against Kim as Kim now pushes her pussy against her intruding hands. Her hands slide further in and then a little further. Now they are to the widest part of the hands and Linda keeps pushing harder. Her arms ache a bit as she pushes onward. Then the unimaginable happens. 

Linda is surprised to see her hands disappearing slowly into Kim's pussy. Her last thumb knuckles went in and slowly her whole hands followed once the widest part cleared the opening. Once her hands clear the wide parts they go all the way in, relatively easy in comparison. 

Linda now has both hands like making a prayer inside Kim's hot and very wet pussy. Linda is stunned and then continues her pumping as she left it. Slow and deliberately she pushes her hands in and out feeling ever inch, every dimple on the inside of Kim's pussy. Kim is throwing her head around and screaming as Linda pushes her hands deeper and deeper until her fingertips hit her cervix. Kim is near Cumming as Linda decides to ball up her fists inside so she can go deeper. As she balls her hands she can feel shockwaves race through Kim's pussy. 

Linda pushes forward against the waves of muscle pushing against her until her hand is once again touching her cervix. Linda looks to see that she is nearly half way to her elbows on both arms inside Kim. Her pussy looks so blown out of proportion as the thick parts of her lower arms are together at the entrance to her pussy. Stopping only briefly to admire; she then begins pumping again. 
