 David Morrison had just graduated from college. His father called in some favors and got him a job at a leading Marketing firm. He was an Account Level Executive. He liked the company, because most of the employees were young like himself. David was learning the job and getting situated comfortably there. 

David did very well in college and maintained a 4.0 grade point average. He was part of a popular fraternity. He pledged his second year of college and got in. All of his fraternity brothers loved him. His fraternity house and a popular sorority all went to each other's parties. 

David had met a girl named Charlene Smith. She was a wild sorority girl and they hit it off right away. Charlene was really into sex. She loved to get laid. She was a bit kinky and several times during college they would have threesomes with her friends. David had thought that his girlfriend had lesbian tendencies. She seemed to really like getting her friends off. She always said she loved to eat a good peach. However, she didn't mean the fruit kind. 

Several times Charlene would masturbate for David. One time, her and her friend used a double dong and masturbated together, while David watched. She even allowed David to tape the encounter so he could enjoy it at a later time. Charlene was always sexting with David and trying to entice him with her sexy body. 

As much as David loved Charlene, David had a few secrets of his own. David enjoyed men. He had one encounter when he was eighteen. A few friends were all hanging out and they got stoned and watched a porno together. All the guys took out their cocks and were jerking themselves off. 

Eventually, since they were all high, they gave each other blow jobs. David remembered how much he enjoyed when his friend Robert blew him. He remembered the pleasure he received when his friend was choking back on his cock. Robert was able to deep throat David's cock. As much as Charlene sucked David's cock, it never gave him as much pleasure as when his buddy did it for him. 

David remembered when it was his turn and he gave his friend a blow job too. He loved the feeling of a large baton down his throat. He loved how excited his friend got when he was sucking on his cock. The taste of cum is what he missed most of all. It had a salty taste that was a bit gritty. He remembered how much he enjoyed it. He yearned to taste more cum. 

David never discussed his desires with his girlfriend. He loved her and enjoyed fucking her and eating her pussy. Lately, the taste for cum was keeping him up nights. He was fantasizing more and more and was watching gay porn more than ever. He was very excited watching two men blow each other. He got more hard watching gay men fuck than having sex with his beautiful girlfriend. 

David also wanted to experience anal sex. When he was with his friends, they only had oral pleasure from each other. He never had sex with a man. David appreciated men's bodies. He loved when guys were really fit and had rock hard abs. He longed for a man who was good looking with a nice cock. He needed to get fucked hard by a man. He really needed to have all his needs met. 

Watching gay porn really excited him. He loved watching two men fuck each other. Usually the fucking was very hard and that's what turned him on. He imagined it would hurt a bit, until his asshole would open up. He wanted to have anal sex with a willing partner. He even had asked Charlene, to wear a strap-on and fuck his ass. She wasn't really liking that request. He knew eventually he'd be able to sway her to try. She was a very kinky girl. She liked all kinds of sex. 

Charlene and David got a house together after college. David loved Charlene, but had been bugging her to have a threesome. But this time to have it with another man. They had lots of threesomes with her friends, but David needed to have his fantasies met. He kept telling Charlene he really wanted her to get fucked anally and vaginally. He told her it would please him if she did this for him. 

David just kept pushing her to agree to have the threesome. She eventually agreed. David said he would interview men and find the perfect person to meet them both to have a sexual encounter with them. He didn't tell his girlfriend, that he would have sex with them, before bringing them home. He didn't tell her that he was bi-sexual and wanted to have sex with the candidates. 

Charlene was a slut and really would enjoy any man that fucked her. He didn't think that she'd care either way. David was mostly looking for men to fuck him. Eventually, he'd introduce them to Charlene. The threesome was not really on his mind. That was just a cover to tell his girlfriend. David was on a mission to taste cum again. He was looking forward to having all kinds of situations with men. He was excited and felt challenged for his mission. 

David put an ad on Craig's list and spoke to many men. He eventually talked with a guy named Matt who was a little older then David and his girlfriend. He was bi-sexual and willing to have a little action with David. They spoke on the phone and did a Skype call to talk face to face. They agreed to meet up for drinks. Matt had suggested that they have a little one-on-one time together first. To see if they liked each other. David was thrilled to get to experience his goods first before making any decisions.

** 

David told his girlfriend he had a business meeting and would be tied up with that tonight. He told her not to wait up for him. He'd be entertaining his client. Actually, he was meeting Matt the gentleman who he'd found on Craig's list. 

David got himself ready and then drove over to the hotel to meet Matt. They agreed to meet for drinks. He was excited to meet Matt in person. They had Skyped once on their computers to see what the other one looked like. Matt was a very handsome man and made David very aroused. He knew that Charlene would like him too. Charlene had mentioned a few times that she wanted to be with an older man. This would be a win-win for all involved. He just hoped Matt would like to have a little fun without Charlene first. 

David parked his car and proceeded into the hotel bar. He sat down and waited for Matt to arrive. He ordered a beer and watched a baseball game that was on the television. 

David looked at his cell phone and noticed that Matt texted him. Matt said he was on his way down into the bar. Matt had told David earlier that he would get the hotel room for them. David was excited and waited as patiently as he could. 

A nicely dressed man walked into the bar and waved to David. David waved back. 

"So nice to finally meet you, David. I'm Matt." 

"The pleasure is all mine." 

The two men sat side by side in the bar. David ordered Matt a drink. They talked for a while and exchanged pleasantries. Matt was a bit older then David. He was completely bald and had the bluest eyes you've ever seen. He had a nice physique and was well dressed and good looking. 

David was excited that Matt was good looking. David felt all warm and fuzzy around him. He was excited and getting horny and couldn't wait to taste his cock. It had been so many years since he gave another man head. He really couldn't wait to taste his cum. The taste of cum was keeping David up nights and he was hoping to finally quench his thirst for it. 

The men had several drinks together and spoke about sports and other things. David had sex on the brain and couldn't wait for them to leave to go up to the room. He planned on letting Matt fuck his asshole. He couldn't wait to feel a nice stiff one up his butt. 

"Would you like to go upstairs now," Matt asked? 

"That would be great," Matt commented. 

Both men threw some money down on the bar and started walking out of the bar. They walked to the elevators and got in. Both men were checking the other out and were smiling at one another. 

Once the elevator stopped, both men got out. David followed Matt to the room. Matt opened the door and they both walked in. Once inside, Matt approached David and gave him a passionate kiss. Their tongues danced inside of their mouths. 

"I'm glad you did that. Thanks for breaking the ice." 

Both men giggled and broke away from each other and undressed one another. They were looking at the other's body, while they undressed. Matt walked over by David and kissed him again. He grabbed his cock, while they kissed. Both men held the other's cock. They stroked each other until they were both hard. 

Matt knelt in front of David and opened his mouth wide. He wrapped his mouth around his cock and began bringing his cock down his mouth. He held his smooth balls and gave him head. He was really good at giving blow jobs. David made moaning sounds. 

"Jesus, that feels so good. Oh God!" 

Matt was very focused with sucking on David's cock. He made all kinds of sucking noises. Matt took his cock out of his mouth and sucked on his two fingers. He put his cock back into his mouth and pushed his two fingers into David's asshole. He rubbed his prostate, while devouring his shaft. David felt week in the knees, while Matt fed his cock deeper and deeper down his throat. The sucking noises were turning David on. 

Matt's mouth was filled with David's dick. He was rubbing and massaging his prostate. David moved his hips and face-fucked Matt's mouth. Matt was enjoying David's cock and kept up with his amazing sucking skills. David was moaning and groaning and enjoying all his efforts. He was about to blow his load. He couldn't hold back any longer. 

"I'm going to cum. Shit! Oh fuck!" 

David blasted Matt's mouth with a pile of his cream. Matt swallowed it all down. Matt continued to suck his cock, while David's balls emptied out his salty and delicious treat. David wanted to suck Matt's cock and return the favor. He couldn't wait to get his cock into his mouth. It had been so many years that he tasted a dick. He had been dreaming to taste cum in his mouth. 

"That was so hot. I want to suck you off now." 

The two men switched places. Matt stood in the middle of the room, while David knelt in front of him. He played with his smooth balls and pulled on his long shaft. David opened his mouth wide and fed Matt's cock down his throat. He sucked and slurped on his cock. Matt had a long and very straight cock. David fed more and more of his cock down his throat. He loved the feeling his large baton down his throat. He was very horny and aroused. 

He made gagging noises and continued sucking on his cock. He played with his smooth balls, while he took more of his cock down. 

"Oh God! Feel my prostate. I want to blow a load down your throat." 

David stopped sucking on Matt's cock and sucked on his two fingers. He opened his mouth wide and began adoring his cock again. He pushed his two fingers into Matt's tight asshole and rubbed his prostate. 

"Fucking hell. I'm going to come. Jesus!" 

David was in heaven and enjoying Matt's cock. He moved his mouth all over his shaft. His fingers were rubbing his prostate and Matt was moving his hips and face-fucking David's mouth. David was making all kinds of wet sucking noises, while he blew Matt's cock. 

"Here it comes. Holy hell." 

Matt moaned and shot his load down David's throat. David swallowed his cum happily. David continued sucking and adoring his cock, while Matt's balls emptied out his sticky goo. 

David stood up and the two men walked over to the bed. They both sat on the bed and got comfortable. They were kissing each other and tasting each other's cock on their lips. Their hands were holding the other's cock. They were pulling and tugging at their dicks. David was planning on letting Matt take him. He was excited to finally get fucked. 

"Do you want to give or receive," Matt asked? 

"I want you to fuck me. Go easy on me. It's my first time." 

"I'll be gentle with you. As gentle as a guy can be."

The men giggled and continued pulling on the other's cock. 

"I'm hard. Bend over the bed. It'll be easier to fuck you that way."

David broke away from Matt and bent over the bed. He had his head down and his ass up. He was very excited and a little nervous at the same time. He fantasized about this moment for a very long time.

"I brought lube and it will make my cock go in easier. You need to relax." 

Matt knelt down and licked at David's asshole. He put his finger into his ass to prime it. He then took the bottle of lube and smothered it all over his asshole and his cock. David had his ass high in the air. Matt held his hips and eased his cock into his asshole. David made grunting noises, while he pushed his large cock up his anus. He had a weird look on his face, while Matt pushed his cock into his asshole. Matt's cock was very large and it felt like it was ripping his asshole opened. He screamed and moaned, while Matt pushed his cock all the way into his anus.

"Fuck your asshole is so fucking tight. My God!" 

"Be easy. This is my first time! I'm an anal virgin." 

"I'll be so easy with you. Now be quiet and enjoy your ass fucking." 

Both men giggled and Matt concentrated and kept pushing more and more of his cock into his tight asshole. Once he was in, he slowly started to fuck David's tight hole. He moved his cock in and out of his asshole. David was moaning and making grunting sounds. He seemed to be enjoying his ass fucking. 

Matt was pulling David's hips and fucking him a bit faster than before. David was pulling on his own cock, getting himself ready to fuck Matt's asshole. 

"Fucking hell. I'm going to come. Fuck!" 

Matt blasted David's asshole with a pile of his cream. He pulled out and David got on his knees and wrapped his mouth around his cock. He sucked and slurped on the hot cream that was on the head of his cock. He was feeling good after getting his first ass fucking. Most of all, he loved the cum that he enjoyed off the tip of Matt's cock. 

"It's my turn. Take my bum now." 

David got up off the floor and Matt bent over the bed. David knelt down pulled his buttocks apart and licked at his brown rose. He tongued his asshole and placed his finger up his anus. He primed his ass and spat on his hole. 

David squeezed the lubrication out of the tube and applied it to his Matt's asshole and his cock. He got behind Matt on the bed and pushed his cock into Matt's asshole. He was tight too, except his cock slid right in. He knew that Matt was more experienced. Once he was inside, he grabbed his hips and fucked his asshole. His cock felt really good in his warm hole. 

"Fuck me hard. Come on!" 

David held his hips and pushed his dick deeper and deeper up his loosened hole. Matt was moaning and groaning and making all kind of grunting noises. David slapped his ass and fucked him harder and faster. Matt seemed to like how aggressive David was becoming.

He got so excited and blew his load into his asshole. He pulled out and Matt got on his hands and knees and wrapped his lips back down on his cock. He sucked and slurped on the cream that was dripping out of the head of David's cock. 

Both men walked over to the bed and held each other tight. They were both sweating and kissing one another hard.

"That was really hot. I really enjoyed myself," David mentioned.

"I enjoyed myself too. I'd love to meet you and your girlfriend. You did say we'd meet up with her and have a threesome another night." 

"That would be great. I know she'd love you. She has a thing for older guys." 

"We're better lover's you know." 

"That seems true. Can I shower? I've got to get home. I told Charlene I had a late meeting, unfortunately I do need to leave." 

"Make yourself at home. If you want to stay you can." 

"I have to go. I'll be in touch. We should definitely get together for the threesome. I know that will be really hot." 

David went into the shower. He took a long hot one and came out and got dressed. They shook hands and David left. He went back into the elevator and walked back to his car. He felt energized and loved that he finally was with a man. He would go home and tell Charlene that he had picked out the man to have the threesome with.

**

There was hardly anybody out on the road. He made really great time and pulled into his driveway. He was really tired and hoped that Charlene was sleeping. He just wanted to go home and go to sleep. He walked into the house and heard all this moaning and screaming going on. He had no idea what was going on. 

He opened the bedroom door and Charlene and her girlfriend Debbie were sitting on the bed fucking each other with a double dong. They were feeding the dong deep inside of their pussies. Their breasts were bouncing up and down, while they fucked each other. 

"David, how was it? I hope you don't mind that I asked Debbie over?" 

"It was great. I think you'll like Matt." 

"Great. Why don't you take your clothes off and come to bed?" 

David just looked at his girlfriend and rolled his eyes. She always had sex on the brain. Debbie was her hot friend. Debbie was a redhead. She had the cutest curls over her shaved cunt. She had the creamiest white skin and great tits. 

Charlene had blonde curly hair and blue eyes. Charlene had a nice round ass and a nice set of tits too. The girls continued fucking their pussies with the double dong, while David undressed. He was tired, but would never turn down pussy. 

The girls pulled the dong out of their cunts and both spread their legs. David knelt down and licked at their cunts. He moved his tongue all over his girlfriend's pussy first and then changed to Debbie's cunt. Both girls pulled on their breasts, while David licked them to orgasm. 

"Debbie let my David fuck you. He has the best cock. I'll ride his face." 

"Are you sure? You don't mind?" 

"Of course not. You'd let me fuck your boyfriend too, right." 

"If I had one." 

The girls laughed. David got on his back and Debbie climbed on top of him. She positioned her pussy over his hard cock. Charlene stood on the bed and squatted down putting her pussy over David's tongue. David licked his girlfriend's pussy enjoying her sweet nectar that was flowing out of her puffed pussy lips. 

Debbie was moving up and down over David's cock. Her breasts were bouncing up and down, while she rode him hard. 

"He has a great cock. It feels so great inside of my cunt." 

"I told you. He's the best fuck around." 

Debbie was squeezing her breasts together, while she rode David's hard cock. Charlene was moaning and coming, while David licked her folds. She screamed out and came on David's tongue. 

"I want to fuck him now. Trade places with me." 

Debbie got off of David's cock and moved to where her friend was. Charlene climbed on David's cock and moved her tight pussy up and down over her boyfriend's cock. David got very excited and blasted her pussy with his hot cream. Charlene moaned and had her own orgasm. She got off of his cock and both girls moved down towards his feet and licked his cock of all of Charlene's cream. 

"That was amazing. You two girls are so fucking hot." 

David and the girls held each other and took turns making out with David. They eventually fell asleep. David was like a pig in shit. He finally was able to taste cum again and have his first ass fucking. He came home to watch his girlfriend and her friend fuck each other with a double dong. He also licked two gorgeous pussies and was able to fuck his girlfriend and her friend. He was exhausted and passed out. 

He had dreams about introducing Matt to his lover. He knew they'd have a great time together. He was excited to tell Charlene all about Matt in the morning.