 Some years ago we had a solitary male cleaner who used to come into the office at about 5.15 after everyone else had gone. I used to stay a bit later and take the opportunity to look at a few websites I shouldn't have and have a bit of a play with myself while watching. At that time I was in an open office and could keep an eye on where he was but he must have got wind of what I was doing because one day he came straight down the office to start cleaning near where I was and he could see the screen. (He was in his late 40's and married he later told me.) I only had enough time to get my cock back in my trousers but not clear the screen and it was very obvious what I had been doing.

He looked at the screen then me and smiled but just carried on cleaning.

The next evening the same thing happened so I didn't make any attempt to clear the screen even though I had got my cock back inside my trousers but with the fly still gaping open. This time he came over to look at the film more closely which involved homo and hetero sex but I could see him looking a lot at my erection in my trousers. He said something about him appreciating that sort of film as well and that he had some at home. He was wearing some loose jogging trousers and I could see his cock sticking out inside them, but then he went and carried on cleaning.

It was a week later when I saw him next and I had already made up my mind not to try and hide what I was doing. When he saw me sitting behind my desk he made his way over and I just continued masturbating openly. He smiled and stood a little way beside/behind me to watch the film but I could sense he was looking at my wet cock more than the screen. I could also see his hand at the front of his trousers gently rubbing himself. After a couple of minutes I told him I was going to the toilet to get rid of 'this' and he said not to worry if I made a mess he would clear it up.

I tucked my cock away and turned off the pc and went down the office to the toilet. We have two hand basins on one wall with a big mirror behind them so I dropped my trousers and pants and watched myself as I wanked. I was getting closer to my cum when the door slowly opened and he came in. He watched me wanking and asked where I was going to spurt and I told him into the hand basin then wash it away. He said why didn't I just let it go on the floor and he would wipe it up. He was staring at my wank and nodded when I asked him if he wanted to see me cum so I turned to face him and just spurted it onto the floor. 

I leant against the basins to recover and could see his hard in his trousers so asked him if he wanted to cum as well. He said he would but later at home when he was fucking his wife. 


It was a couple of nights later when I saw him again and he came straight over to where I was sitting. I was openly wanking with my cock sticking out of my flies and he watched me and the film. I invited him to pull up a chair if he wanted and he did then asked me how safe was it here. I told him that the door could only be opened with a key from the outside but if he liked I would put the catch down so no one could come in without knocking.

When I got back to the seat he was watching the film and made no attempt to hide his hard-on in his loose trousers. I undid my belt and dropped my trousers and pants before sitting down and sat back as I rubbed myself so he could plainly see it. He then took his trousers down and I saw he didn't wear any pants. His cock was a little bit longer than mine but a bit thinner and I openly looked at it as he started doing the same as me.

After a little while we both dropped the pretence of watching the film and I spun my chair to face him and we just looked at each other as we wanked. I asked him if he had liked watching me spunk off and he said he did and would like to see me do it again. I said I would like to see him cum as well so he suggested we went into the toilet as it was easier to clean the floor in there rather than the carpet.

We tucked ourselves away then went to the toilet and dropped our trousers again. I told him I didn't feel too comfortable so I removed my lower garments completely then took my shirt and tie off as well so I was virtually naked. I loved showing myself off to him completely and was able to wank openly and aggressively as he watched. He was pretty turned on too and I could see his strokes getting faster and asked him if he was close. He said he was so I said for us to try and spurt together. We both started at about the same time and the sight of his spunk made my cum all the harder. Although his was a little greyer than mine and didn't spurt like mine does it was very thick and made a 'splat' as it hit the floor.

We both cleaned the ends of our cocks and I got dressed as he wiped up our combined cream with some toilet paper and flushed it away. We talked for a while without any embarrassment and agreed we would like to do it again when the opportunity arose.

We didn't see each other every night as sometimes I would be out on a site visit in the afternoon and not go back to the office. This happened quite a lot. Other times I would be waiting for him but he wouldn't show as he had some cleaning to do elsewhere as well and sometimes went there first. It was about once a fortnight when we did get some time together which made it all the better to look forward to.

The next time we did anything I saw him come into the office and gave him a wave from my chair. I was already wanking and as he approached I asked him if he wanted to drop the latch. As he walked back I could see he was already getting a hard-on in his trousers and when he came over to me and saw I was out he dropped them and sat down. I had a film on but we were both interested in looking at each other again and I openly looked at him as he stroked himself solid. He was sitting back in his chair and on impulse I reached forward to his cock and started rubbing him. He looked a bit surprised but took his hand away and let me just masturbate him then after a little while asked if I would like him to do the same to me. I just eased forward and offered him my penis and it felt lovely feeling another hand than my own on my most intimate place. It was also thrilling to feel another mans hot hard cock and watch his foreskin slip back and forth over his glans.

We did this for a while then I suggested we went to the toilet, so we made ourselves decent and went down the office. Once there we made no pretence and both undressed fully. We were both still hard so we took hold of each others' cocks and stood facing each other wanking them. From time to time we'd rub our glans' together so a lot of my precum got smeared onto his helmet and made his foreskin slip over it a lot easier. He told me he'd wanked off a couple of times thinking about what we had done before and also when he had been fucking his wife he had thought about it and had cum strongly. His wife had even commented on it!

I asked him what sort of things he liked apart from what we were doing and he said he enjoyed sucking his wife out and having her suck him before she slid herself onto him. I asked if he'd ever had his cock in a mans mouth and he said no so I bent down and took him fully into mine. He gasped and started moaning a bit as I tongued him then he was making fucking movements with his crotch. He said he was getting close to cumming so I told him to let me know before he did, and went back to sucking him again. I could hear his excitement rising then he said he was there so I quickly pulled back and held his cock as he spunked onto my leg and foot. He was spurting quite hard and the sight took me so high to mine that I only had to pull my skin a couple of times and I was jetting as well. There was a lot of mess on both me and the floor.

After we'd cleaned up and dressed I asked him if he was OK and if he'd enjoyed it. He said he had and had never expected me to suck him but had enjoyed it a lot. We also agreed that we would only do this occasionally otherwise it would loose its thrill. He said he had been looking forward to having a session with me again and would no doubt think about it when he was next inside his wife.

It was the next time he came along that I got a tremendous surprise.


I saw David about 10 days later and it was obvious from his first few seconds in the office that something had happened. I had taken my cock out as I saw him drive into the car park and was quite hard by the time he pulled up a chair and sat down. He didn't get himself out and said he had something to talk to me about and I thought he didn't want to continue with our fun. I can't remember the conversation exactly but what he said went something like this even though this may not be in the order he told me.

He'd been married for about 20 years and their sex life had settled into 2 or 3 times a month with nothing too exciting. Since we had started, he had wanted sex more often and his wife responded well and was enjoying it. He said they had started talking to each other while fucking, you know, fantasies and past experiences etc, and it had started coming out about what we had been doing, initially as a fantasy on his part. This had aroused her a lot so he told her a bit more as if it was coming from his imagination and he said she orgasmed like she hadn't done for years.

The next night she wanted to continue and again he told her just enough to get her off a couple of times, and was surprised when a couple of nights later she wanted more. He could see that she was really turned on by the thought of him with another man so he told her a little of what had happened in the office. He said he didn't know whether she would have reacted badly knowing that something had really happened, as a fantasy it was 'safe', but her reaction was the best sex they'd had in years.

Over the next few days they fucked more that they had in years and eventually he'd told her every detail. She had said a couple of times she would love to see it happening so after she'd cum he asked her if she was serious. She said she did very much so, so he said he would sound me out which is what he was doing. He was a bit apprehensive about asking me and my erection that had got solid when he was telling me about his fucking, started to wilt a bit.

I asked him how we would manage it and he said he would bring her with him one evening and we could do what we had done before. I said I would probably be OK with it but wouldn't it be better at his place but he said their kids would be around at the sort of time when she was available after her work. I asked a lot of questions before I agreed to it including if she would join in or masturbate while she watched. He said there wouldn't be a problem with that as she would be so turned on it would be difficult to stop herself.

I asked if he wanted to talk to her about it and to my surprise he asked if he could use the phone. He rang her and told him what I had said then told her I wanted to ask her a couple of questions! This took me by surprise but he handed me the phone and told me her name and to ask whatever I wanted. She was obviously quite turned on by then and my cock got hard again as I saw David drop his joggers. He was hard as well so I told her what we were doing and I could tell by her voice that she was very aroused. She kept asking what we were doing and was I going to suck him again so I openly asked her if she wanted to come and watch us. When she said she did I asked her if she would wank off while she watched and when she said she would I started cumming onto the floor in front of my desk. 

I gave him back the phone and he told her what was happening then he started rubbing himself hard as well. It was only a few seconds after I spunked that he did as well, grunting down the phone so she could hear. They had a short conversation then he put the phone down and told me she was going to the toilet to wank herself off as well. There was a lot of cleaning up to do!

We arranged for them both to come to the office a couple of evenings later and I must confess I was both excited and concerned about the meeting. It was exciting to think that we would be watched and that I could see a woman rubbing herself off beside us, but there was also the risk that it wouldn't be as planned and all go wrong. I thought about cancelling it a couple of time, I had his mobile number, but eventually didn't.

As usual the office was empty when they got here and I saw her in the car park. I had left my blind open a bit so I could see her and she looked like a lot of other 40ish mums dressed simply in a tee shirt and long skirt. They came into the office and there was a bit of apprehension on both her and my part although we all knew what we were there for. They came and sat down near me and I got a good look at her and she was quite attractive. She was not skinny and she wasn't wearing a bra because her teats were making points on her tee shirt. 

We talked for a few minutes and I asked her if she was sure she wanted to watch us and it was very obvious from the way she responded that she was very turned on. David then casually stood up and dropped his joggers to display a moderately hard prick which he settled back in the chair and started rubbing. I was rubbing myself over my trousers and taking the bull by the horns I asked her directly if she was wet. She said she was, very, so I opened my flies and got my cock out. I also asked her if she was going to undress if we did and she looked at her husband before she nodded.

She looked at me wanking for a minute then I stood up and completely dropped my trousers and pants so I was fully exposed. I sat down and was masturbating fully than lent forward and took Davids' prick in my hand which she watched avidly as I gently slid his foreskin backwards and forwards over his helmet. I was solid and dribbling liquid from my pisshole which was literally running down my prick onto my balls I was so turned on.

I looked at her and asked her if she liked what she saw and when she nodded I asked her if she wanted to masturbate as well. She looked at her husband again before standing up and pulling her skirt up to her waist then pulled down a pair of skimpy panties to display a hairy wet fanny. She sat down with her legs wide open facing me so I could clearly see how wet she was then started rubbing her clit with her fingers. I watched her for a minute frightened to touch myself for cumming then as the feeling passed I knelt down in front of her husband and took his erection into my mouth. 

I heard her gasp and looked up to see her hunched over her hand as she came jerking softly in the chair as she did. It was only by supreme self control that I didn't as well and David hastily pushed me off his penis.

We both watched her recover and she laughed and said that was the most erotic thing she had ever seen and seemed a lot calmer than before and I was wondering if she would actually go naked with us after that. The fact that she didn't pull her skirt down was a good sign and she just sat there with her cunt on full display.

I picked her panties up and looked at them and the crotch was soaking. On impulse I held them to my nose then started licking them looking straight at he as I did. She made some soft appreciative noises and asked if I liked her juice and when I said it was wonderful she asked if I would like to lick her!! She was looking at her husband when she said that and he nodded at me so I was at her cunt in a flash. I hadn't anticipated that and it was as if all my birthdays had come at once as I licked and sucked her for a good few seconds. It was absolutely fucking gorgeous and she smelt and tasted quite natural and not of soap or perfume. I hate that. She pushed me away as she said she wanted to cum when we both did and she wouldn't be able to manage another one after that, so David suggested we went to the toilet.

Before we did I told her that I had cum at my desk last time when we were on the phone and she said she had been rubbing herself as well but had to cum in the loo because of the kids.

We made ourselves reasonably decent and went to the toilet but I made sure the outer door latch was fully on before we went in. With three of us in there it was a bit crowded, it's only a single urinal - two stall - two basin size, so I went into one of the cubicles and with the door wide open, took my clothes off and left them on the seat. David took his top and joggers off and left them on a basin and she just pulled her tee shirt over her head and I saw how hard her nipples really were. She dropped her skirt and put them on Davids and we all stood there completely naked looking at each other. 

She had nice size tits, not large by any means but not small either and her nipples were sticking out like the size of my little fingertip. Looking at her made my cock absolutely ache and she was rubbing her crotch while she looked at us. I knelt down and took David in my mouth again and really started tonguing him. He was arching his back as he pushed himself forward and I could see her fingers really working her cunt and she was moaning softly as she wanked.

I could feel him getting close and I had been caressing myself as well and then he said he was cumming. I stood up quickly and pointed my prick towards him just as it started spitting at roughly the same time as I felt his hot cream on my leg. As soon as she saw this she went into hers as well and made soft moaning and grunting noises as she spent with her hand pressed hard against her cunt.

We just stood for a little while to recover and David wiped the spunk off both of the floor and us. She took some paper and wiped her crotch and all her hair was sticking to her skin where she had got so wet. We all dressed and I asked her if it had been worth coming for and she said definitely. 

I never saw her again and the only physical contact I had with her was my tongue and lips on her vagina and she never touched me. David told me later that she would relive our meeting often when they fucked and always came very hard. We continued our liaison a couple more times after that but, although enjoyable, it was never quite the same and a few weeks later the company he worked for moved him to another premises and I never saw him again.

However, I will carry the memory of those times for ever.