 I got into the office by nine and started organizing the appointments for the week. Activity was picking up and already the schedule was looking good.

Alex arrived just before ten, looking absolutely delectable. She gave me a quick kiss and sat down opposite me at my desk. She kept an air of professionalism that said 'no hanky-panky'. I was grateful. At least someone was in control.

We got down to business. First up was a couple of mother/baby shoots for her in the studio. There was a mixed bag of shoots for her on Wednesday, some indoor and some outdoor. All up a good start for her to get a handle on the business, equipment and software.

Her first client arrived soon after and I left her to take care of the session whilst I worked on organizing some freelance jobs that would provide more income and varied work for us both.

The phone rang. I recognized Mike's number.

"Hi Mike! What's up?" I answered.

"You'll never guess!" he said excitedly.

I felt a bit ill. I knew what it was about and could have told him.

"Okay, since I'll never guess, then you better tell me."

"Lisa's pregnant!" He sounded like all his Christmases had come at once.

"Mike!" I replied, trying to sound overjoyed. "That's fantastic! When did you find out?"

"Just yesterday. I tried to phone your mobile was off. You must have been out all day."

"Kind of. I need the week to recover. I'm pretty shagged from the weekend."

He laughed. "You'll wear yourself out if you keep on bonking everything in sight you know. You need to settle down. Get into some monotony, see how the other half lives."

"That's monogamy Mike." I corrected.

"Same thing isn't it?" he quipped back with a little chuckle.

"Hey, Lisa and I would like you over for dinner on the weekend if you can manage?"

"Yeah, sure," I replied.

"Bring along, ummmm, whomever you're going out with at the moment too."

"Jeez Mike, you make it sound like I've got a harem at my disposal!" I immediately thought it probably wasn't far off the truth, the way things had been going.

"I'm a bit jealous I suppose, but you sure know how to pick em!" he laughed.

"Thanks!" I answered. "Text me the dinner details and send my congratulations to Lisa. I'll see you then!"

"Ciao!" he replied and hung up.

The rest of the day passed normally and Alex completed her shoots and worked with me on the digital editing. She had done a great job capturing the mood and atmosphere of the mothers and babies. There was a very good selection of shots for them to choose from.

All too soon it was time for Alex to go. We only had time for a quick hug and kiss before she had to race off to uni for a night class.

The next few weeks was going to be dry. Alex was completing her final semester and only had the weekends off. Amber was approaching exams and had virtually no time off. It was a bit of a blessing in disguise as it gave me time to look for a new apartment closer to the office. Now that the business was getting established, I could afford to take a new place by myself now and not put up with flat mate foibles.

I thought about visiting Lisa, but this week was difficult with the pile work to do. Better I get my head down and concentrate on work. Play could wait.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

Before I knew it Friday had arrived. Alex had come in on Wednesday for a couple of shoots and was also due in today. I was so fortunate in having her. She was the right person at the right time for the business. That she was my hot girlfriend was a big bonus.

The door chimed and moments later Alex walked into the office looking stunning as usual. I wanted to bend her over the table and fuck her right there. The fact that I hadn't had any sex since she blew me on Monday morning wasn't helping either.

"Hi David!" she said cheerily as she walked over and kissed me.

I clasped a hand onto her backside and groped my other one up to the nearest breast, latching on and massaging it. My cock immediately started to stiffen.

"Mmmmmmm" she moaned in my mouth as my hands worked on her yielding flesh.

She pulled her head back, breaking the bond of our lips.

"Hey lover boy. We got work to do! What's up today?"

I looked up at her pleadingly as she stepped back out of my grasp and back around the table to her chair.

I groaned and slumped forward, my forehead hitting the tabletop.

"But I'm going to explode!" I said pathetically in a vain attempt to gain sympathy.

"Well, just hold it in for a few more hours and I'm sure I can drain you of all your life fluids tonight. I promise!" she replied, unswayed by my plight.

I looked up at her. "Really?"

She smiled back. "Really. I'm just as desperate to have your fat cock ramming my tight pussy and feeling your cum running out of my hole, but we have to concentrate on the work at hand."

I smiled back at her. "God you're nasty! Did I say I love you yet?"

"Not today, but I already knew that you do. I love you too."

Working with Alex was going to be difficult, but rewarding. She had her head screwed on right. I wish I could say the same for myself.

"Okay," I said, finally resigning myself to the situation. "We have an interesting one today. I'll definitely need your help on it."

She raised an eyebrow as a silent question.

"It's one of those 'sensual' shoots. You know, married for x years, wanting to recapture some spice back into the relationship stuff with enticing photos."

"Like lounging around in a negligee with that 'come fuck me' look?" she asked.

"To be blunt, yes, but there's a little more to it than that. It has to be tasteful, but erotic, without going all hardcore. I need a woman's touch on this one and your lighting skills. You're good at that and I don't know the site."

"It's not here?" she queried.

"On location at her place. She wants some varied shots and she probably feels more comfortable at home. Being relaxed for these shoots is important.

"I've hired a van for the day so we can load all the gear into it. We need to be there by eleven, so lets get cracking!"

We quickly packed all the relevant equipment into the van and made our way out to the client. The house was a nice two story affair in a tree lined street of an affluent suburb.

We walk up to the large double front door and rang the bell. I gave Alex's backside a playful squeeze as we waited and she looked at me.

"David! Best behavior now!" she scolded.

"Yes ma'am!" I replied sheepishly and withdrew my hand from her firm butt.

We heard footsteps within then one door opened inwards. A gorgeous woman in her early to mid thirties stepped out. She was about five and half feet tall, dark brown hair cut short to just below her ears where the ends of her hair pointed forward.

Alluring dark eyes and a long slim neck offset her fine featured and very pretty face. Full lips accentuated her delicate features.

My eyes quickly scanned the rest of her form as she stepped from the doorway. She wore a loose fitting top that hid her breasts, but the tight form fitting track pants she had on revealed nicely shaped legs. Low heeled pumps and tasteful earrings completed the image.

A faint scent of perfume wafted from her and I felt my cock swell a little as my eyes traversed back up her body to her face.

"Oh! Hello! David is it?" she said in lovely slightly upper class English voice.

Her voice broke my reverie startling me slightly.

"Yes! Yes. David Wilde. Wilde Photography." I managed to say.

"Anne Bullen isn't it?" I added extending my hand.

"Boleyn," she corrected. She reached out her hand and we shook. Her grip was firm, but light and her hand warm and dry.

"Anne Boleyn? As in Henry the Eighth?" I queried.

She nodded and smiled. 

"Very observant of you," she responded.

"No relation I presume?"

"The name is co-incidence. My husband is indirectly related. As long as I don't lose my head, I can put up with the slight inconvenience of having an historically significant name," she explained and then laughed.

Her laugh was sweet and her smile effusive. I was becoming attracted to her already.

"Oh! I am sorry! This is my assistant Aleksandra," I said turning to Alex.

"Please to meet you Mrs Boleyn," Alex said smiling.

As they shook hands Anne said, "Aleksandra. What a lovely name! Please, call me Anne. Let's keep it informal."

I looked at them as they held each other's hand, their eyes locked together. I could almost sense an attraction between them. They held like that for longer than normal and I noticed Anne's tongue come out slightly and lick her bottom lip before they let go of each other.

I felt as though I was a voyeur peeking in on some private sexual exchange.

"Please, come in," she offered then turned and walked inside.

My eyes followed her as she turned and soaked up her shapely legs and backside. Guiding Alex ahead of me she turned her head and gave me a strange look then smiled at the corner of her mouth before walking inside.

The place was lavishly, but tastefully decorated. These people were rich. I wondered how Anne had come by my name. It wasn't likely she had picked me at random. I made a mental note to ask later.

We were led to large living room and sat in the luxurious leather chairs.

"Would you like something to drink," Anne offered.

I shook my head, "Not yet thank you." Alex shook hers also.

"So, Anne," I started. "We only spoke briefly on the phone. Can you fill us in on what you'd like?"

"Yes! Well," she began in that enticing voice of hers. "Greg and I are having our tenth anniversary soon and I wanted to surprise him with something a little different.

"A friend suggested that I get a set of sensual photos of me to present to him. I know men are visually oriented and it would turn him on a lot." She blushed a little and gave coy smile.

She continued, "It sounded exciting and a little racy, so I thought 'why not?' it could be fun."

"Do you have any preferences of where and what you'd like to do?" I asked.

"Perhaps some shots around the pool, in my bikini and some here in the lounge and some seductive bedroom ones," she suggested.

"That sounds good. If you want to show Alex the areas I'll bring the gear in."

The girls got up and went off into the house whilst I started to bring equipment in from outside.

About twenty minutes later as I was checking through the gear Alex returned.

"The pool area is fine. Nice natural lighting. Maybe just a couple of reflectors for the dimmer regions," she suggested.

She knelt next to me and helped finish checking and setting up the cameras.

"What do you think of her?" she said quietly.

"She's sexy," I replied. "I'd be hard pressed to fight her off if she came on to me."

Alex looked at me with a dead pan face. "You're a slut David Wilde!"

"I know," I replied. "That's why you love me isn't it?" I added grinning.

Her face broke into a big grin and her eyes sparkled.

Before she could say anything Anne returned from within the house wearing a white bathrobe.

"Okay," she said. "I'm ready, but I'm getting a little nervous. I've never done anything like this before."

"The best shots are if you're relaxed and looking natural," I said. "The tension will show up in the photos. If you have some alcohol, take a drink. It'll help calm you."

She nodded and walked over to the bar and grabbed a tumbler and a bottle of whiskey. Pouring a double she tipped the glass to her lips and literally skulled it in a single gulp.

Alex and I looked at each other and raised an eyebrow each. She must be some fun at a party I thought to myself.

I looked back to Anne as she stood there empty glass in hand, eyes closed. I could imagine her feeling the golden liquid burning down her gullet before hitting her stomach to spread tendrils through her abdomen and sending a light buzz into her head.

A moment or two passed before she turned to us.

"Let's do it!" she said firmly and walked out to the back of the house.

Alex and I picked up our gear and followed her to the pool.

The back of the house was an entertainment paradise and the pool was large enough to have serious exercise or fun in. Alex arranged some furniture and the reflectors whilst I set the camera up. When we were ready I called out to Anne.

"Okay, we're set. Alex can guide you through some poses and help you if you need to get into it mentally."

Placing one foot slightly in front of the other Anne untied her bathrobe and let it slide off her shoulders as I brought the camera up to my face.

I stopped just before the viewfinder came up to my eye, staring gob smacked.

She wore the tiniest red bikini known to mankind. A thin strip of material came up between her legs, barely covering her bulging labia and then connected around the back by thin strings to what seemed little more material over her butt from my viewing angle.

I looked up past over nicely rounded hips to a slim waist, flat stomach and full breasts that were somehow held in by two tiny red triangles over her areola. I could plainly see her nipples hardening against the flimsy material. The same thin strings magically held her top together.

A movement by Alex caught my eye and I saw her staring and her tongue dart out to lick her lips. Anne's eyes flitted to Alex for a moment and then to mine.

We held there, frozen in the moment until I finally recovered my senses and put the camera to my face.

I clicked off the shots of this goddess whilst Alex guided Anne through various poses and positions around the pool deck.

I noticed she was a little rigid initially, but as we proceeded she started to relax and began to act more natural. Between the whiskey and Alex's help she was coming along just fine.

"Okay," I called out. "That's a good set. Great work Anne, you really started to get into it there."

She smiled at me as she placed her bathrobe over her arm.

"Thanks! I was still a little nervous at the start, but once the butterflies in my stomach went I felt a lot better. Where do you want to go now?"

"Let's do the living room," I suggested.

"Okay. Alex, would you help me choose something suitable?" she asked.

"Love to!" Alex responded.

"You girls go. I'll setup in the living room."

They trotted off together chatting about the session and I watched with growing lust at two gorgeous backsides swaying seductively as they walked back into the house.

Looking at their retreating behinds my balls started to ache. It had been nearly a week without relief and now there was so much delicious female flesh within reach, and I couldn't have it.

Sighing heavily I took the equipment inside and started to set up for the next shoot.

I completed my work and waited for the ladies to come back. While I did I toured the immediate surrounds taking in the details of the furnishings. Anne and her husband had great taste.

Family photos on the fireplace mantle caught my eye and I could see what appeared to be Greg and Anne's families as well as their own. Two children that appeared to be early school age. I couldn't tell how recent it was, but for having two kids Anne showed no outward sign of bearing them. She kept herself in very good shape.

Eventually I heard footsteps behind me and I turned to see Alex with Anne close behind. Alex's hair was slightly tousled and she appeared a little flushed.

I cocked my head to one side and she just smiled a little and looked downwards. As she passed me I looked to Anne. Oh god! She had put on more clothes and looked even sexier. My cock stiffened considerably.

The sheerest black satin dress hugged her body like it was spray painted on. There was no way she was wearing any panties or bra with that. There were just no underwear lines at all.

The mid thigh dress split up her left thigh to her hip and the neckline plunged deep below her sternum. Her full breasts strained against the fabric, nipples poking indentations into it.

A priceless diamond necklace adorned her slender neck matched by equally expensive earrings. High heeled stiletto shoes thrust her groin forward making her sex appeal all the more obvious.

Physique wise she was a match for Alex, although Alex was more muscled, Anne carried a greater sensuality in her movement.

Suddenly the feeling in the room had changed. There was a definite sexual charge in the air and not just from Anne, but it seemed from between her and Alex.

I wondered what had transpired in her room.

Anne walked past me, fixing me with a gaze I couldn't interpret. It was raw, almost animalistic in nature.

"I, I need another drink," she said hoarsely. "Would anyone else like one?"

"A glass of red would be nice. I'm feeling a bit on edge myself. Alex?"

I looked over to her.

"Ye, yes please. A red would be nice, thanks," she managed to utter.

Anne quickly downed another double whiskey and poured two generous glasses of wine for us. Handing us our glasses she walked to the sofa and sat elegantly on it.

I took a generous gulp of the rich liquid and felt it slide down my throat. Alex took sip and then a similarly large gulp of her own.

Anne sat on the lounge, knees together, hands folded in her lap, back straight and eyes closed as though in contemplation.

After a moment she opened them and her body relaxed. She looked directly at me. A lust filled her eyes and sex exuded from her body. I was mesmerized by her until she finally spoke.

"Okay, I'm ready now."

I looked towards Alex.

"Alex," I said.

She snapped out of her reverie and looked at me.

"If you could assist Anne please?" I asked quietly.

She nodded and as I started to take shots, she adjusted the lighting for me and guided Anne to various poses. She seemed a lot more attentive than when we were out in the pool area and they exchanged talk quietly between themselves as I snapped the shots. 

I particularly noticed how Alex touched Anne more. Placing an arm here, a leg there. Adjusting the angle of her face. Their intimacy had definitely increased since the last session.

I took the last shots and placed the camera on a nearby table.

"Okay. Nice work ladies. Some great shots there. I'm sure you'll be impressed by the results."

Anne smiled at me. "This is starting to be fun! You guys are a great team!"

"We try our best," I replied. "Would you like to head to your bedroom and prepare? Alex and I will bring our equipment along shortly."

"Okay," she replied. "See you in a few minutes."

She turned and headed out of the room as my eyes followed her sleek seductive form.

As she disappeared out of sight I turned to Alex.

"So what happened?"

"She made a pass at me," she replied softly.

"And..." I prompted, excitement growing in the pit of my stomach.

"Before I knew it we were in an embrace, our lips locked together and our hands all over each other!"

"What did you think?" I asked.

"I didn't!" she exclaimed. "I felt like I was a virgin having my first kiss!"

"Did you like it?"

"Oh fuck yes! My heart was racing, I had butterflies in my stomach and I felt all light headed, but it was really nice!"

"Are you wet?"

"Oh David! I'm soaked! You can't believe how horny I am right now!"

Her talk had given me a raging hard on that strained against my pants.

"Fuck Alex. I'm as hard as a rock now! How am I going to survive the rest of the afternoon with you two goddesses?"

"Lets finish the shoot and go straight back to your place," she suggested. "I need you in me so badly now!"

"Okay," I answered. "My balls are beginning to ache. Get the gear and let's finish this off."

We gathered the equipment and I followed her to Anne's bedroom, my eyes glued to her pert backside as it rocked gently from side to side with her gait. I was approaching the edge of a sexual precipice and it wasn't going to take much more to tip me over it.
