 Another Saturday night was fast approaching and I was trying to decide what to. Nothing sounded like fun to me. I wasn't in the mood to go to the movies or dancing or anything. I began to start to feel pretty down. That was when my phone rang. I answered it to hear Melinda on the other end. She had been cooped up taking care of Tim since he had his car accident. She wanted to get out of the house.

We talked for a while and both of us couldn't come up with anything that sounded remotely fun. So I decided the next best thing was for us to just hang out. Though I was tired of being at home, I suggested she come over here. Melinda agreed and told me she would be by around seven on Saturday. I hung up the phone with a little more enthusiasm. Little did I know the next call, would make things even better.

I had been doing some chores around the house when my phone rang again. This time it was Holly. I tried to make small talk. I could tell she was tired and a little stressed. I could tell by her tone that there was something on her mind. "Holly, what's a matter?" I asked.

"I am just, well, pent up." She responded.

I knew what she meant but decided to toy with her a little anyways. "What do you mean, sweetie?" I asked her with a naïve tone. "You can tell me."

I heard her sigh heavily. "Hang on." She said.

I could hear her walking through the store she worked at. I knew where she was going and suddenly heard a familiar sound of a large metal door closing. She sighed again. "You know, Robin. I am pent up." She returned.

"I don't understand, Holly." I said with a smile knowing full well what she meant. I just needed to hear her say it.

"Are you going to make me say it?" Holly asked.

"Only if you want me to understand." I said playfully.

I could tell Holly was smiling knowing I was toying with her. "Robin, baby, I want to fuck you! I need to fuck you! I am so frustrated right now I could fuck you for hours and not get enough." She said

I instantly got wet. I smiled and asked when she was off work. She told me she was working a late shift today but, was free on Saturday. A light bulb suddenly went off in my head and a devious plan formed in my head. I knew Melinda was frustrated as well. This presented an amazing opportunity. I told Holly I could do that and was going to bring her a surprise. From Holly's tone, I could tell she was intrigued. I told her I would be at her place with the surprise by seven thirty. Holly joyfully agreed and then headed back to work.

After I hung up with Holly, I immediately called Melinda. She and Holly had met before and I knew Holly found Melinda attractive. The idea of bringing those two together with me joining in made me hot. When Melinda answered I told her I had a solution to our problems. She was curious and I started to lay out my plan.

A moment of silence formed. I wasn't sure if Melinda was alright with the plan. I was afraid I had crossed a bridge too far. Melinda returned to the phone. "Robin, that idea has to be the kinkiest thing you have come up with yet!" she said in a stern tone.

This frightened me. I was scared I just ruined a great friendship. Suddenly, Melinda added a comment. "I am in!"

I sighed heavily in relief. I told Melinda of being worried. We talked a little more and joked. Melinda even comment on how it is too bad Tim was stuck at home, it would have been amazing for him to watch. The thought of him sitting in the room while we girls went at each other like wild teenagers made me wet again. I told Melinda to meet me at my place and then we would go to Holly's. She agreed and with our plans made, we said good bye.

Saturday came and I was manic waiting for the evening to arrive. I had started getting ready early. I decided that I was going to go all out. I pulled out all my favorite clothes. A sexy purple lace lingerie set and stockings, a tight, curve fitting, and short purple dress, and pair of purple high heels that I referred to as my "fuck me" heels. I took a minute and realized I had gone pretty far with the purple scheme. It is my favorite color. After a moment of thinking about it, I decided to go all out! Like I said, purple is my favorite color so it was no surprise that I had eye shadow, lipstick, and nail polish that were the same shade as my clothes or at least complimentary to them. Even put a purple bow in my hair to tie it up in a perky ponytail.

I finished getting ready in the nick of time. I checked myself in the mirror one more time when I heard a knock at the door. It had to be Melinda. I opened the door and invited her in. She took a look at me and smirked. "Well, aren't you a sexy little purplesaurus!" she said with a smile.

I winked at her. "I am a purplesaurus sex!" I said jokingly knowing how bad that joke was.

We both laughed. I looked a Melinda. She too went all out for this. She had on a tight red blouse that showed off her chest and neck line and a tight leather mini skirt. From what I could tell she too was wearing some sexy underwear and even had a garter belt on. This was going to be great! I could already imagine the look on Holly's face.

I gathered my things and we set off. It wasn't far from my place to Holly's. On the way Melinda and I talked about Tim's accident. I could tell Melinda was frustrated. That whole situation was just a downer. I told her not to worry because tonight was all about fun. We pulled into Holly's drive way and stepped out of the car. As usual Holly had her lights in the living room on but turned low. I was just imagining Holly's reaction. I knew she needed this just as much as Melinda.

I knocked on the door and Holly quickly answered. She had done herself up just as much as Melinda and I. Only Holly's style was more of a leather clad Glamazon. She looked gorgeous. Her eyes lit up when she saw me, then she noticed Melinda. For a moment, she seemed stunned that we were standing there. After a moment of awkwardness, Holly invited us in.

We sat on the couch and Holly got us some drinks. I could tell she was really nervous. I had caught her completely off guard. I loved it. She nervously tried to act like a good host. She even went to try and turn the lights in the living room up. I stopped her and told her to come sit down.

I had never seen her so anxious before. Reminded me a lot of James. Holly sat in a chair next to the couch. I put on a stern yet sexy look. "No, come sit here!" I commanded.

Holly got up and came over to the couch. Melinda and I separated so Holly could sit between us. After Holly sat down we moved back in close to her. Holly seemed to be unsure of what to do. I told her to relax. Melinda smiled at her and told her how beautiful she was. Holly loosened up a bit but seemed to have trouble fully relaxing. Melinda and I started to pet Holly, rubbing our hands along her legs and waist.

Holly put her arms up on the back of the couch. Melinda and I moved even closer. We could smell her perfume. I moved my hand up and grabbed one of Holly's tits. She gasped loudly. As if having the same thought, Melinda and I both took that moment and planted a kiss on Holly's neck. This started her moaning and squirming. Her arms wrapped around us and began rubbing our backs. Slowly her anxiety was fading away. Before things got too hot, I suggested taking things to the bed room. We all got up and Holly grabbed our arms dragging us to her bed.

We got in the room and began our making out again. This time Holly began to tug at our dresses. I told her to turn around and we would get her naked first. Holly spun around and I was able to reach her zipper. I pulled it down and helped her step out of the dress. To both my and Melinda's surprise, Holly wasn't wearing any underwear. Holly started to turn but I stopped her. Melinda and I quickly removed our dresses and heels. We climbed on the bed and laid next to each other. We started to rub and pet our bodies and then I told Holly she could turn around.

Holly spun back around and looked at the sight before her. She seemed to get weak in the knees. I imagined that if she were a guy, she would have shot her load right there. Melinda and I smiled at her. I extended my finger and crooked it in an inviting manner. Holly climbed on the bed and settled between us. Once again, the make out session started. We kissed each other switching back and forth between partners. Melinda and I each took one of Holly's D cup breasts and massaged it. Holly moaned and writhed. Her hands were on our backs again petting and stroking us. I felt her fingers reach the clasp of my bra. With one quick movement she unfastened it. I let her pull it off of me and toss it aside.

Holly then did the same to Melinda. We pressed our chests against the tall blonde, feeling our skin make contact. Now Melinda and I started moaning. Again we alternated back and forth kissing each other. Holly had her lips firmly planted on Melinda's when I moved my head down and took her tit into my mouth. Holly squealed a little but continued to kiss Melinda.

Holly had moved her long arms down and started to caress my butt. I heard Melinda moan and knew she was getting the same attention I was. Our hands roamed each other, exploring all the possible spots that could bring pleasure. I felt my body get hotter with each touch. It wasn't long before our hands were exploring each other's sex.

My hand had made its way to between Holly's legs as I probed her dripping folds. Holly's hand had found Melinda's aching sex and was tenderly massaging it. Melinda had her hand placed in my crotch. Her fingers were like magic as I dripped all over them. There we laid with our arms in a weird pretzel like weave fingering and rubbing each other's pussy.

Our moans began to fill the room. The smell of sex filled the air. Faster and faster we all rubbed. All three of us on the edge of an orgasm that was to be the first of many. I peeked first thrashing against Melinda's hand. Her touch drove me crazy and I drenched her fingers in my juices. My cries started a chain reaction. Holly hit her climax next. Her hips bucked against my hand as if she were trying to put the whole thing inside her. Over and over she screamed. Melinda was next. The sights and sounds of two women cumming was too much for her. She started to call out Holly's name as her orgasm took over. We all continued to buck and thrash and scream on the bed for what seemed like forever.

As our climaxes subsided a new hunger took hold. As great as the first one was, we all seemed to want more. As if on autopilot, I jumped up and planted my face between Holly's legs. I attacked her pussy with the ferocity of a wild animal. I loved how she tasted. Her moans began again. I could hear Melinda commenting on my actions.

"Such a good girl. Do you like her licking your pussy, Holly?" She asked.

"Mmmm hmmm!" Holly exclaimed unable to form word.

Melinda lowered her head on to Holly's tits and began sucking and licking. Holly started to writhe. I looked up to see what was taking place. I noticed Holly beginning to move her arms. Melinda was about to get a taste of how strong this beautiful Amazon goddess was. Catching her completely off guard, Holly grabbed Melinda's waist. She pulled the beautiful redhead over her face. Melinda was shocked.

She gasped at both the sensation of being manhandled by the blonde and the sensation of Holly's tongue probing her vagina. Melinda threw her head back and cried out. I smiled as I licked Holly's clit. This made her a little more eager to please Melinda. I stopped for just a second and looked at Melinda. "She licks pussy really good, doesn't she?" I asked her.

Melinda was the one without the ability to speak. She nodded her head in agreement. Another orgasm hit both women. They cried out begging for more. When Holly regained control she pulled Melinda off of her. I crawled up from between her legs and planted a kiss on her lips. Melinda grabbed my face and broke the kiss before planting her own lips on mine. She lick my lips getting a taste of Holly's sex.

Holly slipped out from under me and off the bed. She disappeared into her large closet. I knew what she was after. Melinda took the opportunity to roll me on to my back. She moved down so that her face was now above my again dripping slit. "Time for someone to get their reward for being such a good girl!" Melinda said before diving her tongue inside me.

I could feel her swirling it around inside hitting my walls. I moaned and squirmed. She was hitting every spot that made me hot. Holly stood and watched. I turned my head to see her standing there with a familiar item, her double ended strap on. I also noticed there was something in her hand. It was another strap on like the first one. I knew what she had in mind and it pushed me over the edge.

I screamed as a second orgasm hit me. Melinda's tongue played with my clit making the climax last as long as possible. A minute passed before I finally began to calm down. I slid away from Melinda who was still on her hands and knees. She wasn't aware of Holly behind her. I smiled devilishly at her. I looked just above her at Holly and nodded.

Look of shock flashed across Melinda's face before giving away to a look of bliss. Holly was slowly pushing the artificial cock in to Melinda's sex. Once the toy was buried deep inside Melinda, Holly tossed the other at me. I sat there and held the strap on watching the Glamazon begin to thrust in and out of her new friend. I watched as Melinda's eyes rolled into the back of her head. She was in pure bliss!

Melinda began moaning and crying. "Oh God! Fuck me! Yes!" she screamed over and over.

The other end being planted inside Holly was starting to do a number on her. Holly too started moaning. "Do you like that?" she asked Melinda.

"Oh God, I love it!" Melinda cried out in reply.

My hand had found my own sex and began rubbing my clit as I watched. I chimed in too. "Fuck her, Holly! Fuck her with that huge Glamazon cock!"

Holly smiled. She loved when I called it that. Her pace quickened and became more ferocious. Melinda looked up and saw the other toy as she screamed. "Robin." She panted. "Put that on, I need to suck something!"

I grabbed the toy and offered Melinda the end that was to be put inside me. She greedily took it into her mouth, licking and sucking it as Holly pounded her. I pulled the dildo away from her and she moaned with disappointment. Melinda watched as I pushed the end that was just in her mouth into me. I moaned as it entered and filled me up. I loved the feeling of the small nubs along the shaft. Once it was fully inserted, I grabbed the straps and fastened them to my hips. I quickly adjusted the harness as to not keep Melinda waiting any longer.

I got on my knees and presented the toy to her. Again she greedily took it into her mouth. Her actions caused the strap on to move a little inside me. I started to moan. Holly leaned over Melinda and kissed me while she fucked her. Our sounds echoed throughout the whole house.

"Oh shit!" Holly cried out as an orgasm hit.

She bucked really hard against Melinda causing a slapping sound as their bodies met. Suddenly she pulled out and collapsed. Melinda moaned in disapproval. The redhead was not satisfied. Pulling my toy from her mouth, she pushed me on to my back. Melinda climbed on top and set the head of the dildo at the entrance of her pussy. She lowered herself on to it until it was completely inside her. She began to bounce up and down on it at a quick pace. I could feel the end inside me move with more aggression.

Faster and harder Melinda bounced on the silicone cock. Moaning and screaming for more. I decided to try something I saw in a porno film. I grabbed Melinda's hips stopping her from moving. Then I began to pound her pussy with all the speed my hips could manage. Her head flew back and she scream. An orgasm hit both of us at the same time. I tried pushing the toy as far into her as possible while she pushed herself down on it.

Melinda panted in exhaustion. I was soon aware that Holly was back on her feet and looking in my direction. I could tell she was turned on by what she just witnessed. Melinda rolled off of me as Holly climbed on the bed. She hovered over my body. I knew exactly what she wanted, to fuck my brains out. Holly unfastened the harness from my waist. She pulled to toy out of me with great speed. It caused me to jump with mini orgasm. Once the toy was out, she tossed it aside.

Holly positioned the end of her strap on at my slit. In one quick motion she inserted it and buried it completely inside me. I jumped again and moaned. It felt fantastic. Holly quickly began thrusting into me. Her speed was only out done by her ferocity. Like a horny teenager, she plowed in to me over and over. It was amazing. I felt the pure bliss I had seen on Melinda's face. My beautiful Glamazon was ravaging me like she hadn't had sex in years. She sat up and put my legs on her shoulders as she continued penetrating me. Her head flew back as yet another orgasm hit her. Screaming, she continued to fuck me like an animal in heat. My moaning filled the room along with the sounds of my companions and the squishy sounds of my pussy.

I turned my head to see Melinda rubbing herself. I shook my head no at her and then motioned her over with my finger. She came close and I guided her to straddle my face. With her dripping pussy in my face, I licked. Her cries came out loud and strong. I continued to eat out her delicious sex while the gorgeous blonde fucked me to stupidity.

Holly had yet another climax. That was something I loved about her. The more orgasms she had the quicker the next one would hit. Many a night I would finger her and lick her to a couple of orgasms before letting her get at my sex. The fact she could have so many, so quickly turned me on. Every time one would hit her, she would mercilessly pound me for a few moments. This time, her orgasm triggered the chain reaction. Melinda climaxed from my quick flicking of her clit. Her hips bucked against my mouth.

Both women collapsed. Melinda rolled off of me and Holly fell back pulling the fake penis from me. I however, was not done. I felt an orgasm inside me deep and it felt like it stalled before I my playmates gave out. They both could tell my disappointment.

Melinda grabbed the other strap on and put it on around her waist. She directed Holly to lay on her back. Holly looked puzzled. "We need to get Robin off. She has been such a good girl making this all happen." Melinda told her. She turned her attention to me. "Robin, baby, have you ever had two cocks at once?"

I shook my head no but, it was something I always wanted to try. Holly realized what Melinda had planned and reached in her night stand for something. "Here!" She said tossing a couple of bottles to Melinda. "This will make it enjoyable. Don't want to cause her any pain."

Melinda smiled and took one of the bottle. She directed me to bend over and spread my cheeks. I did as told and suddenly felt something being sprayed on my sphincter. It was cold but suddenly had a tingling sensation. Melinda then directed back to Holly. I straddled her and placed her toy at my vaginal entrance. I lowered myself on to her fake cock slowly. Once I was all the way down, Holly put both hands on my hips. I was about to move up and down when I felt a hand on the small of my back.

Melinda pushed me forward slightly. I felt her other hand put something cold on my ass hole. I had tried anal a couple of time. I enjoyed it but not as much as regular sex. This, however, was a totally new experience for me. And there was no one else on the planet I trusted to do this with more than these two wonderful women.

I felt Melinda put the head of the toy against my hole. I knew there would be some discomfort but I was ready. To my surprise, the toy went in with very little pain. Holly had given Melinda a desensitizer to apply to me. It made anal actually feel good. Very slowly Melinda pushed her toy into my ass. Once she had put all she could in, they both began moving. The sensation blew my mind. "OH FUCK!" I screamed out. This time my eyes rolled into the back of my head. It was unlike anything I had ever felt.
