 Edited by Todger65

***

It was a beautiful Friday afternoon and I was getting ready to head out to the gym when I received a phone call. It was Steve. An older guy I meet a few weeks ago at a gangbang. (Previous story called 'All night gangbang'). Steve apologized for the short notice but explained he was having a get together Saturday night to bid farewell to a few work colleagues, and he was put in charge of organizing it. He explained there were going to be around 30 guys aged from 50 to around 65. I thought to myself a room full of older men. How can I say no.

That afternoon I got ready for the gym. I wore a tight g-string under my gym tights to help me feel nice and sexy. The gym always got me wet and excited, and I always made sure I wore something for the guys to perv at. I must say I also made sure I did a lot of perving. After about two hours I finished up and headed home. 

I got home and I felt so wet. I stripped off and got in the shower, letting my hands explore the wetness between my legs. My fingers easily slid inside my pussy making me so excited. I started to think about Saturday night and being pleasured by thirty guys, and I could feel my pussy getting more wet. I decided to wash my body and get out of the shower. I took my towel and dried my body on the way to the bedroom. 

I took out two dildo's from the drawer and lay on my back on the bed. My hands started exploring my pussy getting it nice and wet. I reached for a dildo and started running my tongue up and down getting it ready with my saliva. I spread my legs slowly, sliding it inside me, working it all the way in then back out. Doing this a few times got my pussy very wet. I removed the dildo and reached for the second and slid it inside my pussy getting the dildo nice and lubricated. It felt so good working it in and out. Now with a dildo deep inside it was time to stretch my pussy with the second. I pressed the head of the second against my wet pussy and I could feel the head slowly entering. It felt so good as it slid deep inside stretching me apart. 

Now with each hand working a dildo in rhythm, my pussy was so wet. I knew it wasn't going to take long for me to cum. I slid both dildos out of my wet pussy and rolled over on to my knees. I slid one between my legs and filled my pussy. I rested my head on the pillow and reached around with the second dildo and pressed it against my arse. The wet dildo slid inside my arse all the way in. Now with both holes filled it felt amazing. I closed my eyes and started thinking about the weekends gangbang and Imagining my body being used all night. I worked the dildos in rhythm harder and faster when all of a sudden I felt a sensation running through my body. My legs and back tensed as I came hard and I continued to work the dildos until my body collapsed on the bed. After a few minutes I got up and headed for another shower.

I got up on Saturday morning and lazed around thinking about the night ahead. The more I thought about it the wetter I got. Before I knew it, it was the afternoon. I headed for a long shower giving myself time to shave my legs and my pussy nice and smooth. I got out of the shower and dried myself. I headed to the bedroom and went through my underwear drawer looking for something that would turn on any man. I found a red g-string that barely covered my pussy and a matching bra that definitely complemented my perky breasts. Over the top I wore a knee high black dress which complemented my arse.

It was time to leave. Makeup done, Dressed and feeling really sexy, I got in to the car and headed to the address about 30 minutes away. Steve had mentioned it was going to be at his house as he was single and the guys had told their wives and partners it was a men's only night. I thought to myself it would have been good to have a little female company, but oh well more cocks for me.

I found a park on the street and headed to the door. I knocked and before I knew it Steve opened the door greeting me in.

"It's great to see you again Toni." Greeted Steve.

"You too Steve. Your house is amazing." I commented.

Steve's house was very big. High ceiling, spiral stair case, two levels, and I was guessing many bedrooms. I could tell by the house Steve was very wealthy. 

Once in the lounge, Steve introduced me to everybody as a friend of his. We got a drink and made our way around as Steve introduced me to everyone. 

"Gee Toni, I should of asked you to wear that hot bikini." Steve commented.

"Don't worry Steve. I'm pretty sure you and the guys will like what I've got on underneath my dress." I replied.

We headed to the bar where Steve poured me a drink, and we all gathered around for while chatting and flirting. I look over at the guys and get so turned on thinking how they were the perfect age to fuck. I always find older guys don't get much sex at home. So when I get my turn with them, they like to fuck hard. While chatting Steve came up behind me and put his hands on my hips. I turned my head and smiled and continued chatting. I slowly moved back pressing myself against Steve. He moved his hands to my shoulders and slowly slid my dress straps off. Again I turned my head and looked at Steve.

"You seem pretty keen to take off my dress?" I said as I looked at Steve with a smile. 

"I'm pretty sure we will all feel more comfortable with your dress off." Steve replied.

I reached up and continued removing my straps down my arms letting my dress fall to the floor. The guys gathered round. Their eyes opened wide looking me up and down. 

"Well guys. You can't fuck me with your clothes on can you?" I asked.

While their eyes were still on my body, they stripped off their clothes. I couldn't believe how many cocks surrounded me. I could feel my panties were so wet and getting wetter. I got down on my knees and took turns sucking cock after cock and I'm sure each guy fucked my mouth twice. 

Steve helped me up off the floor and took my hand. He led me to the spiral stair case and they all followed behind. Upstairs was a large entertainment area with a few lounges, pool table, bar, and a door leading out to a balcony. Steve led me to the pool table where he sat up on the side and pulled me close pushing my head down to his cock. I took him deep in my mouth sucking him nice and slow. From behind I started to feel guys touching me all over. I felt the strap on my bra being unclipped and I helped the guys remove it. Their hands groping my breasts and squeezing my nipples felt so good. I felt my legs being spread as hands touched and fingered my wet pussy as I continued to lean forward sucking Steve's cock.

A few minutes passed when I felt a cock enter my pussy. With one hand stroking Steve's cock as I sucked him my other hand reached down between my legs rubbing my pussy. I could feel a hard cock pounding me and his balls slapping against me. He slid his cock out and another guy moved behind sliding his cock inside me. It didn't take long before I was ready to cum. I took Steve's cock out of my mouth and closed my eyes as my body became tense. 

"Harder, harder, Oh god harder." I scream as I came for the first time.

He slid his cock out and Steve hopped off the pool table. I got gently pushed forward as I spread my legs and bent over laying my head down on the pool table. Over and over my pussy got pounded as each guy took their turn fucking me. These old guys were amazing and they sure knew how to fuck a girl. 

A few of the guys helped me up off the pool table and led me over to the couch. One of them sat down and I mounted his cock. I started riding him hard and could feel his cock deep inside me. Looking around I could see I was surrounded by a room of cocks ready and waiting. I reached out taking hold and started stroking one of the guys close by.

"God Steve. She's pretty hot. Can't believe how much she loves cock." One of them said as he pushed me forward slowly.

I felt a second cock stretching my pussy, slowly sliding inside me. Their cocks felt so good as my pussy took them both deep inside. I felt my body tense as I was ready to cum. I bucked my hips hard as their cocks worked in rhythm. 

"God yes, harder, harder. I'm cumming." I screamed as my pussy came hard.

The guy from behind me removed his cock and another moved in stretching my pussy. This cock was so big it felt so good. Both guys fucked my pussy so hard and I couldn't help think about both their cocks rubbing together inside me. I bucked my hips harder taking them deeper and faster.

"Oh fuck baby. I'm ready to cum." The guy from behind screamed.

"My god that feels so good." I scream as I felt his cum shooting inside me.

As he relaxed he removed his cock from my pussy and moved back. Beside me was a very big cock that I wanted to fuck next. I pulled him closer and pushed him on to the couch. I hopped up and slowly straddled him pressing the head of his large cock against my pussy. I could feel my pussy getting stretched. Slowly I lowered myself down on his cock taking it nice and slow enjoying every inch and with my pussy so wet he slid inside me with ease.

"That feels so good, fuck me." I moaned.

I was so turned on. With so many guys around me and so many hands touching my body squeezing my breasts and nipples, I didn't want this feeling to end.

"Time for another cock baby. Let's fill that pussy."

I leaned forward and felt a guy move behind me. With a huge cock already inside me I knew my pussy was going to be so stretched and as I was so wet and full of cum I knew my pussy was ready. I felt the head of his hard cock pressed against me and as his cock slid inside my pussy I felt an amazing sensation run through my body. In rhythm they worked their cocks in and out of me and I was almost ready to come again.

"Fuck me hard. Pound my wet pussy I'm going to cum."

My body tensed and I could feel my pussy tighten around their cocks.

"Yes, yes, yes, I'm cumming. Oh god yes." I screamed as their cocks continued to fuck me.

After a few minutes the guy from behind removed his cock. I started riding the big cock that was still in my pussy faster and I could feel him getting so hard. 

"Baby I'm gonna cum. God yeah." He moaned. 

He shot his cum deep inside me over and over. I could feel my pussy now full of his warm cum. I stood up off his cock and moved down to the floor where I lay on my back. I spread my legs as one of the guys lay on top sliding his cock inside my pussy. As he slid his cock in and out of me I grabbed two cocks and pulled them close taking turns sucking them. I teased the head of their cocks with my tongue tasting their pre-cum before taking them deep in my mouth. I could feel one of them in my mouth getting hard and I knew he has almost ready to explode.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming taste it baby taste it." he screamed.

His cock exploded shooting his cum. He tasted so good as his cum ran down my throat. I turned my head and started working the other cock with my mouth. He pulled his cock out and grabbed my hair and started stroking. I knew he was ready to cum and I opened my mouth ready. 

"God yeah I'm cumming."

His hot cum shot all over my face and I caught drops in my open mouth. I licked my lips before swallowing. 

"Fuck my pussy. Harder, Harder." I said as the guy on top of me pounding my pussy.

"You want to feel me cum baby."

"God yes. Fill my pussy." I replied.

I looked around as there were so many guys watching and stroking their cocks. 

"Ready baby. Yeah, yeah I'm coming, Oh god yeah." He screamed.

His cock pulsated and his cum shot deep inside me. I wrapped my arms around him pulling him tight and deeper, bucking my hips harder taking every last drop inside me. I let him go as he pulled himself up off me and moved away.

I lay on the floor watching the guys around me. I slid my hand down to my pussy and I could feel the cum running out of me. I slid my fingers inside me and could feel my pussy was so of cum, but I wanted more. 

I got up and rolled over on my knees. I crawled over to the couch to one of the guys sitting down and started sucking him. With his hand he guided my head up and down and I could feel his cock at the back of my throat. I felt another cock slid inside my pussy working me nice and hard. Now lubricated by my pussy, he slid his cock out and pressed it against my arse. I felt the head of his cock slowly enter and I moaned with pleasure. As he worked my arse I sucked the cock in my mouth Harder taking it as deep as I could. I could feel my saliva all over his cock. I felt the cock in my arse getting very hard stretching me, and it felt so good. 

"Time to fill your arse baby. Ready for my cum?"

"Yeah I think she's ready. Let's both give it to her. 

I continued sucking and stroking and I could feel his cock getting so hard. The cock in my arse was also getting hard and he started pounding me harder and harder.

"God take it baby. Swallow it."

"I'm gonna fill your arse. I'm cumming, I'm cumming."

Both guys shot their cum. I could feel my tight arse flooding with cum and the same time cum shooting in my mouth and down my throat. The sensation was amazing and I couldn't hold back. I pulled the cock from my mouth as I was ready to cum again.

"Oh wow I'm cumming. Oh my god it feels amazing." I screamed as the cock in my arse continued pulsating. 

I caught my breath and I could feel my pussy was full of cum and starting to run down my leg. I lay on my back looking at the remainder of the guys very keen to cum.

"Cover me in cum guys, cum all over my body."

The guys moved in close stroking their cocks. I could tell they were keen and ready to cum all over me. I played with my breasts squeezing my nipples and fingering my cum filled pussy while I watched them.

"Fuck yeah. Ready baby?" One of the guys asked as he moved closed.

I felt his cum spray all over my tits. Another guy moved in close stroking his cock. I opened my mouth ready to taste him as he exploded shooting cum all over my face. One by one they moved in close shooting cum all over me. I kept my mouth open catching drop after drop before swallowing their cum. 

The last two guys that still hadn't cum moved in ready. One moved between my legs sliding his cock in my cum filled pussy. 

"God fuck me hard, fuck me. I'm gonna cum." I screamed as he pounded my pussy.

As I came I felt his cock explode shooting load after load of cum deep inside me and the other guy grabbed my head and shoved his cock in my mouth. 

"Yeah, yeah, yeah, fuck." He moaned as his warm cum shot in my mouth.

With my body and pussy full of cum I lay catching my breath. Steve came over and gave me a hand to my feet and I could feel my pussy was so full of cum and starting to run down my leg. Steve took my hand and led me down the hall showing me where the bathroom was to freshen up. I jumped in the shower and washed every part of my body getting myself nice and clean. After about five minutes I hopped out and dried myself off. Standing naked I realized I didn't bring my clothes to the bathroom with me, I had left them in the lounge. I wrapped the towel around me and headed out to join the guys.

We stood around for a while having a few drinks and chatting. With only a towel wrapped around me, I could feel their eyes all over my body. While chatting away, Steve came up and introduced me to two of the guys who the get together was for. Mark and Andy were their names. They were both around their mid 60's. I remembered fucking one of them earlier and the other cumming over my tits. I looked at Steve and asked him if he had a room I could use. He looked at me with a smile and said I could use the room down the hall way. 

We chatted a little longer before I took Mark and Andy by the hand and started to lead them down the hall way. As we walked my towel came loose and fell to the floor.

"You have a hot body babe." Said Mark.

"She sure does. I guess we are getting some special treatment." Andy replied.

"Well it is your special night guys." I replied.

We got to the bedroom and I led the guys in and closed the door behind us. I lay on the bed with my legs spread and looked at them.

"I want you to do whatever you want to me. Fuck me. I'm your naughty slut."

Mark and Andy moved to the bed with Mark moving down between my legs teasing my pussy with his tongue. Andy knelt over my head and started fucking my mouth. He thrust his cock deep to the back of my throat. They both knew how to get me turned on and wet. Mark got up and lay on the bed. I got up and straddled his cock guiding him inside my pussy. Andy stood back for a minute watching before moving behind me and pressing his cock against my arse. I could feel the head slowly enter.

"Oh my god. That feels so good." I said as I moaned.

Both guys worked their cocks in rhythm fucking me nice and hard. From behind Andy slapped my arse while his cock pounded me. I gripped the sheets on the bed tight as my body was ready to explode.

"Fuck yeah, I'm cumming. Harder, harder." I screamed.

I came as the sensation ran through me over and over. The guys kept sandwiching my body fucking my arse and pussy as I collapsed on Mark. After a few minutes, Andy pulled his cock out of my arse and helped me up off Marks cock. I knelt on the bed ready to be fucked from behind. Mark moved behind and slid his hard cock in my pussy while Andy lay in front of me ready for me suck his nice cock. I took him deep in my mouth sucking and every thrust from Mark drove Andy's cock deep down my throat. I pulled his cock out of my mouth and teased the head with my tongue tasting his pre-cum.

"Hell yeah I'm going to cum." Screamed Andy. 

I started sucking his cock and I could feel him getting hard. He grabbed my head as his cock exploded filling my mouth with his cum. Andy let out a loud moan as I continued sucking.

"Fuck. That felt so good." Andy said as I finished sucking him clean.

Mark continued fucking my pussy, thrusting me harder. I could feel his balls slapping against my pussy. 

"Fuck me harder, harder, yes, yes" I screamed as I could feel my body tense.

My hands gripped the bed ready to cum as Mark moaned in pleasure.

"Baby I'm going to cum." Mark screamed.

His cock hard, he exploded inside my pussy. I gripped the bed hard as I moaned in pleasure as we both came together. The feeling was amazing as he shot so much cum deep inside, filling my pussy. Mark slid his cock out of me as I collapsed on my back on the bed.

"Wow baby you are amazing." Said Mark.

"Have you had enough yet?" Asked Andy.

"Hell no! Send the rest of the guys in." I replied.

Mark and Andy headed out the door. I lay naked and could feel my pussy full of cum. After a few minutes one by one the others started walking in to the room. A few of the guys stood back while a few knelt on the bed around me. I reached out and pulled two cocks close taking turns sucking and stroking. I felt my legs being spread further apart then a hard cock slide inside me and at the same time my tits being groped and my nipples being squeezed. After a few minutes of being fucked the guys got up off the bed and helped me up. Steve, who I knew, lay on the bed with his hard erect cock waiting for me to ride. I looked at Steve with a smile and made my way over and mounted his cock. 

"Fuck that feels so good baby." Steve commented.

Steve's cock was nice and hard and felt so good, and before I knew it I was being pushed forward and I felt another cock fill my arse. Both guys pumped their cocks in to me nice and hard, and I knew it wasn't going to be long before I was going to come again.

"Fuck yeah, harder, harder. I'm cumming, I'm cumming." I screamed. 

"Don't stop, harder."

My body shook with pleasure as I came all over Steve's cock. Both continued pound my arse and pussy and I could feel every inch of cock sliding inside me.
