 If you read the first chapter, Amy and My Birthday Gift, you will recall that my best friend Amy presented me David to help me live out o\my fantasy of a long, relaxed affair with another man and Amy added the spice of watching and participating.

After I had blown David and enjoyed the flow of his copious cum down my throat, the three of us took a few moments to gather ourselves before continuing with the next step. Nothing was structured here – it was just what we wanted to do. Once again, you decided to take the initiative. You crawled up to the head of the king size bed and lay back on the big fluffy pillows.

Spreading your legs wide so that your full sopping pussy was open to our eyes, you instructed me to come and eat your cunt; it didn't take me more than a second or two to fall between those slim sexy legs and fasten my mouth over your sweet outer labia and start to suck as if my life depended on it. As I ran my tongue along the outer lips of that delectable pussy – and you begged me to get my tongue inside you fast – you pulled David beside you and, taking his semi-erect cock in your mouth, you started to suck him to a fully erect state. 

David was soon moving his cock in and out of your mouth, at one time pulling out until only the tip remained against your lips and then pressing slowly all the way in until his pubes met your lips. I knew that he was touching the back of your throat since when I glanced up from between your spread legs as I stopped to take a breath, I could see your throat muscles moving as you milked n\him with your swallows. This sight only spurred me on to drive my fingers (first two, then three) deep into your pussy which was streaming your sweet tasting juice. As I curled my fingers to the top of your pussy walls, I readily found that rough little pad of nerves known as the g-spot and I proceeded to rub it gently.

Your back arched as your orgasm rolled through your body and your cries of release were muffled by David's cock buried deep in your mouth. I immediately glommed onto your large, engorged clit with my lips as I continued to stroke you to a series of multiple orgasms! With each one, you sucked David's cock harder and deeper until I could see him strain against your lips; his cock was buried deep in your throat and your amazingly swallowed each burst of cum he delivered.

By this time, my cock was painfully rigid; I needed some relief. As David pulled his softening cock from your mouth and you started to lick him clean, I lifted your legs by the ankles, spreading them widely, and then slowly lowered my cock until it was just reaching your welcoming blood-red lips. As the two met, the labia parted like a blossoming rose and quite literally sucked my cock inside. My fantasy of having you that I have secretly harboured for so many years is about to come true!

As I slid my cock inch by inch - ever so slowly – inside that velvety, warm pouch that was your pussy, David lowered his head to your breast and, cupping its weight in his hand, ran his tongue across your hard long nipple. The feeling of his hot dry tongue as it dragged across each nipple – first on one breast and then the other – coupled with the feel of my cock sliding deeper in your tight pussy, started to elicit moans and mews of pleasure from deep within your recently cum-coated throat. 

I reached the bottom of your vaginal tunnel as I could feel the end of my cock touch your cervix. I slowly rotated my hips to allow the maximum pressure to this sensitive part of your body. You wrapped your legs around my hips to pull me inside you even deeper as I pressed against the cervical wall; it almost felt like it was opening to encircle me and as you contracted your muscles – I am amazed at how you can control your vaginal muscles; it almost as if you are sucking me inside you deeper and deeper!

I can see now that David has grown fully erect again – I don't know what that man is taking (three erections in less than two hours) but I have to get myself some of that! With a final bite and pull on your unbelievably hard nipples, he instructs me to take over as I continue to fuck you in slow deep strokes. I bend down to first kiss you fervently and then my lips move to one of your hard nubs. Your hands tangle in my hair as you cry out and pull me into your breast. 

In reaching down to perform this very pleasant task, my own ass has tipped upwards and I can feel David's warm breath blowing across my cheeks and then between them to tease my puckered star. Then his warm wet tongue slides across my sphincter as he parts my cheeks with his soft hands. As I slide my cock out of you almost all the way before returning with a thrust to your core, I feel the hard point of David's tongue probe against my opening. I relax by bearing back and his tongue slips in for an instance until I push back into you.

I stay fully imbedded inside you as I reach down and run my fingers across your clit; with the full length of my cock throbbing inside you and my lips locked on your nipple – pulling and tugging to make them even larger and harder – you scream out, "I'm cumming!" as you gush out a load of your thick cum around my cock and cover my balls.

Just as I think that I am going to cum as well, I feel the light, but unmistakable, touch of David's rigid cock, now well lubed with his precum, press firmly against my sphincter ring until it slides in with an audible 'pop'. There is a momentary twinge of pain as I moan against your breast so he holds still until I nod for him to proceed. I can feel my inner ass relax and fill with his hardness until the slap of his balls against mine tells me he is fully imbedded. I have never felt so full or so turned on – a cock in my ass and mine in you!

As he slowly pulls out until only his glans remains inside my inner ring, I mimic him and pull out of you likewise. He then plunges back to the fullest and this drives me deep inside you. By now, David is pistoning hard and deep into my ass and I feel his cock growing wider and longer as he plunges into my deepest private hole. His cock keeps pressing against and massing my prostrate and this is driving me over the edge to a massive climax. 

I have held off for as long as I can when you cry out for me to cum inside you; you can take no more as the cervical and clitoral stimulation combined with not only my cock's thrusts but watching over my shoulder as David drives into my ass! 

You start to bus your hips up against me, using your legs hooked behind my lower back for leverage, as your orgasms are so overwhelming that your eyes roll up in their sockets and your burst forth once again with spray after spray of cum juice over my hand at you clit and covering my balls and the sheet below us. At that same moment, David bellows that he is cumming and I can feel the thick hot ropey streams of his cum filling my ass.

It coats the walls of my anal canal and froths out around his still thrusting cock to spray back on both him and me! It feels wonderful and to experience my lifelong dream of having a man's cum splash my insides free of a condom has finally come true!

As I pull free from you and collapse on my back, David pulls out of me and you both attack my rear and lap up David's cum (mixed with my own well-prepared clean lubrication) greedily from my relaxed anal opening. The feel of your tongues lapping and probing against my hole cause precum to ooze from my cock and David, upon spotting my dilemma, leaves you to finish my anal feast and he moves up to lick the precum, and the mixture of your cum and mine from my slowly hardening cock. I don't rise to a full erection but he gently sucks down my full semi-flaccid length and it feels very sexy.

You pull your self up beside me and we exchange a warm passionate kiss; David finished me off and then joins us. Rolling out of bed, we head, somewhat weak in the knees from all the play, to fill the Jacuzzi and relax before we consider the plans for the balance of the weekend.

It is about 1:00 am as we dry each other off and crawl under the comforter to fall into each other's arms and a dream-filled night – dreams of new experiences we will share.