 John collected the post pack from the passenger seat and got out of his car, slamming the door on the end of a hard work day. He walked in through the living room and flicked on the tv, tossing the post pack onto the sofa on his way to the fridge. He opened a beer and tipped it back, sucking in half the contents, then he burped and wiped his chin on his sleeve.

He fished into an open box of crackers on the sideboard and stuffed a few into his mouth then collected a second beer and strolled back to the living room. He put down the beers on the coffee table and scratched his ass before stuffing more of the crackers into his mouth.

He picked up the post pack and ripped it open. "A video for fuck's sake," he said to himself. "What's it a fucking ransom demand?" he went on, slipping it into the video player and slumping back onto the sofa.

He scratched his balls and tipped the open beer up again, burped, and then flicked play on the remote.

There was no previews or introduction of any kind. The screen just showed a bare wooden surface, something like the floor of a basketball court. It was a little out of focus but it cleared and then the camera was moving and a black mat about three inches thick came into view. It was vinyl – a typical gym matt. 

The camera moved slowly until black filled the screen and suddenly a foot appeared. It was a bare foot, a woman's he thought. It moved quite sharply, as if the owner was sitting or laying and had just been tickled or prodded or something.

The camera had stopped there but it again moved, following the line of what was then obviously a woman's leg. It showed her knee and as it did her other knee scissored across and then sharply moved away again.

The camera continued it's slow journey taking in her thigh and pausing for a moment, and then moving again to display a completely shaven pussy.

There were the fingers of a hand in view, sort of pressed against her other thigh and they were obviously masculine. They moved and the middle finger pressed into the open gash between the woman's pussy lips. It pressed gently and easily slipped in and then it searched around a little, smearing her juices into her folds while she arched her hips and opened her legs a little wider.

The guy's hand then moved away and the camera remained focused on the woman's pussy. 

The lighting intensified and the shadow of a hand working a cock was clearly defined. The hand was vibrating over the head and it came into view just as a jet of cum spurted and slurped over the woman's pussy. It was a thick, heavy spurt and it was followed by another and another and then the cock was levered down so the last of the guy's cum flooded into the open lips.

The guy moved back a little and his hand reappeared with his fingers delving into the slop and working it into her folds. There was cum everywhere. It was oozing between his fingers and he was wiping it from her skin and mashing it into her cunt. She was writhing and splaying her legs to allow the guy access.

The camera drifted away and swept slowly across the wooden floor until it reached a wall and there it panned up and focused on the face of a man. It held to the guy's face for a moment. He wasn't looking at the camera though. He appeared to be looking at the woman on the floor.

The camera then moved again and there was another man standing beside him. The first guy was maybe mid twenties. The second was about fifty or so. There was a third that John thought he recognized and then a forth and a fifth. The camera was panning back and it showed the wall was lined with about fifteen guys, all in various types of underwear and working their cocks. John recognized about six of them.

The camera slowly swept around to another wall and there were another ten guys lined up there and it moved to a third wall where there was another dozen with more faces John recognized. In all there were about fifteen guys from his work.

The camera slowly panned back around and focused on the bare back of another guy. He had straddled the woman and he was holding her head and obviously fucking her mouth. His hips were rolling and the woman's fingernails were pressed into his butt. He thrust and let out a loud groan and then thrust a few more times and held firm with his but quivering and his load obviously erupting into the woman's mouth.

The camera lowered to the back of his thighs and when he moved away it held to the woman's tits. They were full yet not huge. They were glistening with sweat and as the camera held to them a glob of cum dripped and slurped on one and then another slurped onto the other.

The camera then lifted to show cum dripping from the woman's chin as she looked to the side at another shadow approaching. It lifted to show her face and John's hand loosened it grip on the bulge in his trousers as he recognized Theresa, his ex-wife.

Theresa laid back and the shadow moved over her. It was one of the younger guys and he got down on top of her and forced his cock up her cunt. It split her wide open, stretching her lips, and his big, hairy balls started slapping against her butt cheeks as he began fucking her solidly. 

Theresa arched her body up off the mat so the guy could get in under her. The camera moved around and took in another guy who obviously wanted her mouth. John recognized him as one of the men from his work. He got down and forced the head of his cock in. He was holding the shaft and he forced it in until his fist was against Theresa's lips then he popped the head out and slapped her face with it.

Theresa moaned and tried to get her mouth around the head again but the guy kept teasing her and rubbing it over her lips and cheek. "Beg for it slut," he said to her and she moaned again so he slapped her mouth with his cock a few times then grabbed her head and started fucking her face.

The other guy was pumping his load up her cunt. His body was shuddering and his butt was tight and quivering as he flooded her womb with sperm. He thrust again and pumped the last of it into her then he pulled out and left her cunt stretched open and ready for the next guy.

The camera zoomed in on her mouth. The guys cock was bulging veins and obviously about to erupt. Theresa's eyes were wide but they closed as his semen started gushing up into the roof of her mouth. "Don't swallow it," the cameraman said, and John recognized Ed's voice. Ed was his replacement.

That guy pulled out and Ed zoomed in on Theresa's open mouth. She depressed her tongue and let the thick creamy fluid flood over the top of it. She held her mouth wide and the head of another cock came into shot. It was just the swollen head and a stream of cum pulsed from the tip and slopped into the pool in Theresa's mouth. The camera moved aside a little and the head of the cock touched her bottom lip and continued leaking fluid into her mouth, and another cock appeared from the other side and a thick spurt hit the inside of her cheek and seeped into the bottom of her mouth. There was a pause and the guy grunted and another heavy burst shot into the pool of goo flooding her tongue and lower teeth.

Theresa waited until that guy had finished and she closed her mouth and swirled the fluid around to savor the taste. She then swallowed and opened her mouth again for the camera.

Out of shot she was being turned over and as the camera panned back a tall guy about fifty or so was getting into position beneath her. He held his cock and she sat down on it, taking it deep inside. Another guy, little fat man, got onto his knees behind her and started working the head of his cock against her ass hole.

Theresa lifted on the long shaft in her pussy and rolled her hips to allow the little guy better access to her ass. He popped the head of his cock in and slowly rocked forward until he was firmly up against her, then he started fucking her hard.

The guy using her sloppy cunt was thrusting up under her and the two cocks settled into rhythm with both pumping in and out together. Theresa opened her mouth for another guy who wanted to get a load into her and she soon had three cocks warm and wet and on their way to eruption.

Her hips and her head were being held still. The cock in her cunt was bumping against her cervix. The one up her ass was stretching her wide open, and the one in her mouth was being forced deep. The guy in her mouth came first. He had his balls pressed against her chin and he was injecting his cum directly into her throat. His cock was still throbbing when the guy on her back climbed up over her and shot his seed up her ass. And while Theresa could still feel him pulsing the guy underneath forced his cock all the way in and pumped another load of sperm into her womb.

The three of them pulled out of her and left her laying on the mat but another guy took hold of her arm and dragged her over to the wall. He stood her up and leant her forward, then he shoved his big, black cock up her ass.

There was a rail along the wall and Theresa held onto it while the black guy used her. He didn't take long and he pumped another load of cum up her back passage.

The next guy in line wanted her from behind as well, but he wanted her cunt. He was already close and he humped her a few times and pumped his load up her. She was then stretched open by two of them. She was still holding to the rail and two men lifted a leg each and held her up and spread wide while five other's in turn got up under her and used her cunt.

Cum was gushing out of her and flooding down her legs. The camera panned around to where there was a glass on a chair with about two inches depth of cum in it. There was a line up of men jerking off and adding theirs.

The camera panned back to Theresa on the mat. She was sitting back upon her hands with her legs spread wide open and cum oozing out of her cunt. She had her head forward and guys were shooting their loads into her hair and others were taking aim at her tits and plastering them. 

Ed had given the camera to someone else and he got down beside her with a spoon and started scraping the goo off her tits and feeding it to her. His cock was rigid and Theresa worked it slowly while she ate. He dipped the spoon into her cunt a few times and she sucked it clean for him. The crowd of men had settled to watch and Ed knelt in close. Theresa took the head of his cock into her mouth and held it while he pumped his load in. 

One of the guys then passed Ed the glass. It was over half full and he tipped to Theresa's lips. She took a mouthful and swallowed, then she took another and swirled it around before taking two gulps to get it down. There was still an inch of the stringy fluid in the glass and Ed put it to her lips again.

Theresa closed her eyes and parted her lips and the last of the stuff flowed into her mouth. She held it for a moment and Ed backed away to get the camera again. He zoomed in on her face and she opened her mouth to show how it was full of semen. She then swallowed and smiled, and she blew a little kiss for the camera.

The screen went blank and John sat staring at it. The crackers were scrunched up in his fingers and his beer was warm. And there was a wet patch in the leg of his shorts where he'd lost his load.