 Dawn's day started out like any other, since she had gotten her GED in December and quit her job her life became pretty boring. Mostly she sat around the house doing nothing all day, but the way that day would turn out she would have never expected. She got up late that afternoon, she had been on the phone with a friend late that night and took advantage of the fact that she could sleep in. When she woke up she started her day out as usual; checked her e-mail, grabbed a bite to eat, and went to watch some TV. 

Then her best-friend Alexis called to see if Dawn wanted her to come over. Dawn said yes of course, she hadn't seen her friend in a long time and was really starting to miss her company. When Alexis arrived her and Dawn sat around for a while talking about the normal things girls talk about together; boys, sex, that sort of thing. Alexis had just gotten her license and her boyfriend paged her to come pick him up from work. Both the girls wanted to spend some more time together so Alexis asked Dawn if she wanted to come along. Dawn said yes, and they were off. 

Dawn's house was a pretty good distance away from where Alexis's boyfriend worked so the girls got to have a pretty good conversation on the way over. Dawn was telling Alexis about her ex-boyfriend and how they were still fooling around even though they were broken up and how she felt bad about doing it because he was only the second guy she had been with and had the feeling that lately that's all he wanted (she really didn't mind but didn't want her friend to think bad of her). Alexis had went through the same thing with her ex so she knew how Dawn felt and told her so. 

After that conversation it all got pretty quite in the car until Alexis asked Dawn a pretty upfront question, "You have given him head haven't you?" she asked. 

Dawn's jaw about hit the floor, "Um....yeah, why?" she asked her friend. 

"Just wondering. Have you swallowed yet?" was her next question. 

After a silent pause Dawn finally answered her friend, "Yes," that was all she was able to spit out. She didn't want her friend to know, but that was her favorite thing to do, and did it often. If she and James (her ex) didn't do anything else so at least gave him head. 

Ever since the first time she swallowed his cum she loved it, loved the taste, loved the way it felt to have his rock hard cock shoot off his thick, creamy cum in her mouth. She loved every bit of it, but hadn't the nerve to tell her friend for fear of being an outcast because every time Alexis told her about her sucking off her own boyfriend she made it seem like a chore, and the last thing she wanted was to be different from her friend. The sound of her friends voice interrupted her thoughts, "Did ya hear me?" Alexis asked her. "No, sorry I didn't, what did you say?"

"I asked if you liked it, sucking James's cock. Did you like it?"

"Oh God," Dawn thought, "Why did she have to ask that? Of all questions, why that?"

"Well...?" her friend was still waiting for her reply. "Umm....do you like sucking Adam's?" she didn't want to lie but didn't want to tell her the whole truth. Finally Alexis answered her, "Well, I have to admit I do. I don't want you to think I am a whore or anything...I dunno. Ever since I started giving him head I have loved it. In fact, every day I pick him up from work we go find a little spot and I suck him off. I was going to today, but we will just have to wait, I guess. I wouldn't want to offend you by making you go hide somewhere till I get what I want from him." 

She laughed the cutest laugh Dawn had ever heard from anyone. An innocent yet devilish laugh. Dawn thought for a moment about what her friend had just told her and finally responded, "Well, I really don't mind. If you want I know somewhere you guys can go and I can go take a walk so you can do your thing," they both laughed at that. Then Alexis said, "Well, ok but you never did answer my question."

"Yes, I like it," Dawn said, "I like it just as much as you do, maybe even more.,"

"I guess we are both just a couple of cocksuckers then.," Alexis replied and they both laughed. There was silence in the car until they pulled into Adam's work. 

Alexis broke the silence, "I just got an idea," Dawn looked at her curiously, "why do you have to go for a walk? Me and Adam could be in the front seat and you in the back. You wouldn't have to see anything unless you wanted to, how's that sound?" Dawn was shocked, she had always wanted to see how good her friend was at cocksucking, especially now since she told her how much she loved it, but didn't know how to respond. She finally found the words, "Um...sure, that's fine. If you want me to stay that is.,"

"Well, see it's always been one of my fantasies to have someone watch me giving Adam head, and since you are my best-friend and I know I can trust you, and I know how you like it just as much as I do, I would rather it be you than anyone else.," her friend replied. Dawn nodded her head in understanding just as Adam walked to the car. 

"Honey, I've got a crazy idea" Alexis said as she started to tell him of their plan. Of course, he agreed and they set off to the spot Dawn picked out. She knew the spot well since her and James went there a few times when they couldn't fool around at either of their houses due to parents being home. Alexis and Adam whispered back and forth in the front seat. Dawn knew Alexis was talking dirty to him, she could see the sly grin on her friend's face and occasionally heard Adam groan. 

They finally pulled onto the road and Alexis and Adam immediately went at it, they were kissing and doing some heavy petting then Alexis finally spoke, "Well I think you're about ready," she said to her boyfriend, "What do you think Dawn?" Dawn sat completely still and just smiled at her friend and nodded. 

"No," Alexis said, "I want you to look and tell me if this cock is hard enough." Dawn leaned forward toward the front seat and got a glimpse of the biggest cock she had ever seen. 

He was at least 9-10 inches and her mouth watered as she saw that tip was glistening with his pre-cum. "Yeah, I think he's about ready to shoot off right now" she told her friend. Alexis smiled and when Dawn went to lean back in her seat her friend grabbed her arm urging her to watch. Dawn smiled at her and immediately Alexis moved her head down to her boyfriend's nice cock. She started licking and sucking the tip of it lapping up all his pre-cum and then slid her mouth all the way down his shaft 'till her nose was buried in his pubic hair. 

Dawn's mouth opened slightly, she had never seen someone take so much cock in their mouth before, she could take James all the way in her mouth like that, but he was only 6 or 7 inches at best. Adam's deep moan directed her thought's back to her friend and she watched as Alexis pulled her mouth off her boyfriend's cock and then take him all the way back in her mouth again, all the time her eyes on Dawn. She bobbed her head up and down his rock hard shaft until she could hear his moaning increasing then she pulled back off his cock and started licking and sucking the tip of it again. Then she motioned for Dawn to come to the side of the car Adam was sitting on. Dawn walked over to his door and opened it then looked at Alexis. 

"I know you want some of this big hard cock in your mouth. Wanna help me finish him off?" Dawn smiled and nodded and got on her knees beside the car. She looked up at Adam and he smiled at her and nodded in an "it's ok" way. She bent down and took him as far in her mouth as she could then pulled her mouth back off him and Alexis did the same thing. The looked at each other and smiled. They did this for about five minutes, taking turns deep-throating this big cock. Both girls knew that Adam was about ready to explode so Alexis offered her boyfriend's cock to Dawn who immediately took the offering and starting sucking him in and out of her mouth quickly, still trying to tease him somewhat. 

Adam decided he'd had about enough teasing and grabbed the back of Dawn's hair and started fucking her mouth. Dawn had never had any guy do this to her but she was loving it. He continued fucking her mouth until she could feel his cock swell up and she knew he was going to cum. She quickly pulled away from his cock and aimed it toward her friend's face as he shot his first load. It landed right on her chin and started running down her neck as he shot his second load. This one hit her right on the cheek and she leaned down and took his cock in her mouth as he shot his third and fourth load. As Alexis pulled away from his limp cock she opened her mouth and showed Dawn that she hadn't swallowed. 

She grabbed the back of her friend's head and pulled her close to her and kissed her sharing Adam's cum with her. Dawn opened her mouth and accepted the gift and swallowed all of it. She looked at Alexis and smiled as she leaned in and licked the cum from her cheek and chin. She pulled her friend to her and kissed her again sharing more of Adam's cum with her. 

They finally broke the kiss and both girls smiled and looked at Adam who was watching with half-closed eyes. Alexis laughed, "Guess we better you get you home since we already got from you." All three of them laughed at her joke and Dawn got back in the back-seat and they pulled out of the dirt road and headed to take Adam home. All three of them were silent, but Dawn and Alexis kept passing glances in the mirror, knowing that they had grown closer and they would have a lot more fun together in the future. 

To Be Continued...