 When they woke up it was already noon the next day, and they decided to have some fun of their own, without the boys. They were interrupted when Alexis got a page. "Shit," she said to herself. "What?" Dawn asked. "Adam wants us to come and get him from his mom's. They got into it. FUCK!"

"Well, that's ok, we can all go get him. Let's wake the boys up."

"Wait, and what am I gonna tell Adam? That you're dating both of them? I don't think he'd buy that."

"No, but maybe he'll want to join in on our fun?"

"Um....I dunno about that. Other girls are all right but, other guys.....not sure."

"Well, care to find out?" Dawn asked with a smirk. Alexis smiled back at her and they woke the boys up. "C'mon," Alexis ordered, "we gotta go get Adam." The boys finally woke up and they were off. Alexis and James rode in the front and Dawn and Josh were in the back. Dawn had her head on Josh's shoulder and he was fondling her tits, and she had her hand in his pants slowly stroking his cock. James could see what they were doing in the back seat and was getting very jealous, but it was also turning him on to see someone whom he cared a lot about stroking another guy's cock. 

Alexis knew it was getting him hot and slowly slid her hand in his pants and starting stroking his cock. It surprised him and she looked and she smiled when she saw the shocked expression on his face. He smiled back at her and continued to watch the action in the back seat, he had half a mind to tell Alexis pull over and trade places with Josh, but he thought better of it. He knew how much Dawn loved cock and wanted her to have as much fun as she could that weekend. He had some things to talk to her about when the weekend but wanted to enjoy herself for now, which he could tell by the noise in the back-seat that she was. 

Dawn knew James and Alexis were watching and she was enjoying showing off her "skills" to her friends these last two days. She kissed Josh's neck up and down as she started to unbutton his shorts. He followed her lead and undid the clasp on her bra and her tits sprang free. She continued to kiss and suck on his neck occasionally running her tongue up to his earlobe and then back down again.

She knew he was enjoying it by the low moans and groans he was making. She started to move her hand up and down his cock faster and faster, then slowing again an almost complete stop, all the time keeping her eyes to the front. She lower her head and started to suck him off. It was the first time she had ever seen his cock and he was a little smaller than James, maybe 6 inches at best, but thick. 

She had never seen a cock of that size that was as thick as he was, he was at least 5 inches around, if not more and it took her best effort to fit him in her mouth. The first time she slid him in her mouth she barely took him halfway before sliding her mouth back off of him. She soaked his shaft in her saliva before trying again. This time she slid him in a lot easier. She took him all the way in and slid her mouth back off of his rock hard cock. she moved her head to his face and kissed him passionately as she stroked his cock in her hand, caressing his balls with the other. 

"I would love to sit on this cock right now, Josh," she whispered to him as she continued to jerk him off. She looked back to the front and realized they had pulled into Adam's driveway. 

"Guess we'll just have to wait," she smiled as she spoke never letting up on his cock.

Josh saw Adam walking to the car and jumped, "Don't worry, baby. Adam is cool, he knows about my hunger for cock. Especially one like yours. I am not letting go of this cock until you cum in my mouth, sweetheart." She whispered to him as she watched Adam walk to the car. He opened the passenger door and James got out and got in the back-seat. Dawn scooted over to allow him room to sit down, but she never took her hand off Josh's cock. 

She looked at James and whispered in his ear, "You don't mind if I finish, do you?" He smiled and shook his head "no." She kissed him on the cheek and looked to the front, they had pulled out of the driveway and she had no idea where they were going next. When she looked to the front and saw that Adam was watching her intently, she smiled. She lowered her head back to Josh's cock, her mind more on putting on a show for the others than anything else. 

She took him all the way in her mouth easily and kept him there for a minute or two before pulling her mouth back off him. She did this a couple of times and then stopped to jerk him off some more, moving her hand quickly up and down his cock, using her free hand to squeeze and caress his balls. She felt James slide his hand over her ass and up her back, he then slid his hand up the front of her shirt to fondle her tits. She moaned and slid her hand up and down Josh's cock faster and took the head off it in her mouth when she saw the pre-cum spilling from the tip. She sucked him deep in her mouth and pulled back off, then took him deep again. She heard him moan and smiled when she heard Adam and James both moan at the same time. 

She look at Adam and knew he was stroking his cock, and saw that James was too. She looked at both of them and smiled before taking Josh deep in her mouth one last time. She felt his cock swell and covered her mouth over the head of his cock just as he shot his first load. She moaned and swallowed all of the thick, creamy stuff before he shot his next load. She barely had time to swallow before he shot two more right in a row. Her eyes grew wide as she tried to keep it all in her mouth, but despite her efforts half of his jizz spilled over her mouth and onto her chin. 

She felt Josh's cock soften in her mouth and she gave his cock one last *slurp* before sitting back in her seat. She looked to see that Alexis's head was in Adam's lap and James was still stroking his cock. She looked out of the car to see that they were at the spot she had first shared a cock with her friend. She looked over to her left to see Josh was half-awake and realized James was still fondling her tits. She smiled at him and kissed him on the cheek. In return he kissed her lips sweetly and licked the cum from her chin and offered it to her. 

She kissed him deeply, eagerly accepting the gift from him. "So, I think you want me to suck that nice cock of yours, hm?" she asked teasingly. 

"I sure do. You're suck a good cocksucking slut, I want nothing more right now than to feel your soft lips around my hard cock." 

They were speaking loud enough for all in the car to hear, and she knew Alexis heard him from the sound of her moans. "Well, you're gonna have to ask nicely then."

"Please, Dawn, please suck my cock," he moaned, "suck my cock and let me shoot off in your sweet mouth. Please?" She smiled and replaced his hand with hers on his cock stroking it slowly. 

"In your mouth baby please?" he begged. 

She smiled, "Wait a minute, baby, I want that cock in my mouth just as bad as you do," she teased. He moaned at her words and she felt his cock jerk in her hand. She lowered her head to his cock and took the tip of his rock hard shaft in her mouth. Then she slid him deep in her mouth till she could feel the tip of his cock touch the back of her throat, she and James both moaned at the same time. She slid her mouth up and down his hard cock over and over. 

"Mmmmmmm baby," he moaned, "just like that, FUCK yeah." James moaned. She took him deep in her throat once more before she felt his hand on the back of her head. He entangled his fingers in her hair and thrust his hips up and down. She moved her head in rhythm to his thrusts. "Oooooooo fuck, Dawn, I'm gonna cum, FUCK," he moaned and removed his hand from her head. She slid her mouth off his cock till it covered just the head and flicked her tongue out to lick the head of his cock. "Ohhhhhhh, I'm cummmmmmiiinnnnnggg," he grunted as she felt his cock swell and shot the first load of his cum in her mouth. She swallowed all she could as she heard Adam moaning. She knew he was shooting his load in her best-friend's mouth and was listening to his moans as James shot his second load.

Since she was distracted, most of it poured over chin and down her neck between her breasts. He shot his third and final load and swallowed every drop of it. she felt his cock growing soft and took him all the way in her mouth one last time before pulling away and returning to her seat. She saw Alexis pop her head up from Adam's lap and she smiled when she saw that she, too was covered in cum. "Well, Dawn, I think you and I need to get cleaned up. Got any ideas?" her friend said with a smile. "Nope, not a clue. Well, we could go to the lake." It was almost dusk now and the girls really did need cleaned up. "We don't have our suits though, Dawn my dear."

"Who needs suits?" The girls smiled and Alexis turned in her seat facing the steering wheel. "Any objections?" she asked. No one replied, "Alexis, they are all passed out." Dawn said with a laugh. Alexis looked, and sure enough every guy in that car was fast asleep. "Guess so!" Both girls laughed and they pulled out of the dirt road and headed to the lake, where they knew no one would be at this time of day. Dawn was half asleep in the back when the pulled onto the road to the lake. She honked the horn and everyone in the car jumped. She started laughing, "Damn, bout time y'all woke up. We're here!"

"Where's here?" Adam asked. "At the lake silly," Alexis told him, "Dawn and I needed to get cleaned up, so we figured this was the best place to do it, right Dawny?"

"Uh-huh," she yawned. Alexis laughed. "Y'all are just lazy asses!!!!"

"Hey!" The three boys cried. Dawn and Alexis both laughed at the same time. Alexis was the first to get out of the car and Adam followed her. Then James, Dawn and Josh piled out of the back. 

"So," James asked, "how do you girls plan on going swimming with no swimsuits?" Alexis locked arms with Dawn and they walked toward the bank of the lake and the boys all shrugged and followed. Dawn looked at Alexis and they both removed their tops at the same time. 

"Who needs a suit? We were born in one." Dawn said and smiled at the boys. The girls slipped of their sandals and placed them away from the bank. Alexis pulled her shorts off and threw them at Adam. Dawn took her skirt off and threw it at James. The girls stood there in their bras and undies with the boys staring at them. The girls looked at each other and winked and slid off their panties. 

Both of them were wearing thongs, Dawn's were pink and Alexis's were black. Both girls threw them at Josh. They walked toward the water and slid their matching bras off and threw them on a tree limb behind them. They walked in the water 'till it was just covering the top of their breasts. They turned to the boys who were still standing on the bank.

"Well," Dawn asked, "you guys coming or not? We might need you big, strong men to save us if we drown." The boys looked at each other and immediately started tearing their clothes off. Dawn and Alexis laughed at the site of them. Adam was the first one to ht the water, followed by Josh, then James. They stood waist-deep in the water for a minute trying to adjust to the cold. Adam started swimming toward Alexis while James and Josh still stood in the shallow end trying to get use to the water. Dawn put her hands on her hips and James and Josh raced to her. 

Josh got there first (duh, he was taller) and James stopped in his place and pouted. Dawn motioned for him to come over and she put her arms around both of them. "There is enough to go around guys," she said with a laugh. James and Josh looked at each other and smiled, even though both of them felt the pang of jealousy arise. Dawn kissed both of them on the cheek and they smiled. She pulled away from them and swam out deeper in the lake. Josh and James stayed where they were and watched her. Alexis had her arms wrapped around Adam and was pressed tight against him. 

Dawn laid on her back on top of the water and started drifting further out. Josh and James weren't paying attention, they were splashing and dunking each other under water. Alexis and Adam were paying attention to each other. Alexis looked over to James and Josh, "Where's Dawn?" They pointed out to where she had been. "She's not there," Alexis said her tone getting more scared. 

"Huh?" they all looked out into the water and they couldn't see her. Josh and James and Adam all swam out to where she had been and dove underwater looking for her. 

"Dawn, Dawn?!" they all started yelling for her. About this time Alexis started dying laughing. "What? WHAT THE FUCK IS SO FUNNY?!" James yelled to her. She was laughing her ass off and finally she pointed to the bank on the other side of the water. There was Dawn, sitting with her feet in the water laid back on her arms on the side of the bank. 

"Oh, where you guys yelling for me? Sorry I didn't hear ya," she said with a laugh. Adam, Josh, and Alexis busted out laughing. James swam over to the embankment and climbed beside Dawn. She leaned back, afraid he was gonna hit her for her stupid prank. He wrapped his arms around her in a tight hug, she was shocked and this made the rest of them laugh even more. 

"Dawn, I was so scared, I though you had drowned," he told her as he pulled away from their embrace. She looked at him and saw that he had tears rolling down his face. 

"Oh, James, baby, I am so sorry. It was just a prank. I didn't think y'all would fall for it," she said in a disappointed tone, knowing he was really scared for her. Adam and Alexis weren't paying attention and they went to the shallow part of the lake. Alexis was in Adam's lap staring at the sunset. Josh, however, was still paying close attention to Dawn and James. He knew she still had feelings for him, but didn't know exactly how much she still cared for him until that moment. She and James were locked in a very warm, passionate kiss and were whispering back and forth to each other. Josh got out of the water and went and sat on the bank alone. James pulled Dawn up off the other bank and they got back in the water together. 

She had her arms around his neck and legs around his waist and they played together in the water for a little while before going and sitting beside Adam and Alexis. They were a few feet away from each other and it was dark as sin outside, but Dawn could still make out what they were doing. Alexis was in Adam's lap facing him and her head was thrown back. Waves were splashing all around them and Dawn could hear the two of them moaning and knew they were fucking. 

She could hear Adams cock slamming in her friend's pussy and was getting hot watching them fuck in the water. She felt James kissing her neck and she moaned softly, her eyes still on Alexis. He turned her so she was facing him and he kissed her deeply. She slid her hand up his thigh and could feel his cock grow hard in her hand. 

She smiled and kissed him again he fell back against the water and pulled her to him, kissing her deeply. They heard Alexis's and Adam's moaning increasing and turned to look. Alexis had her face buried in Adam's shoulder and he was pumping in and out of her faster and faster with each thrust. They let out a long, low moan and collapsed against the water. Alexis looked over at Dawn and smiled. Dawn smiled and winked at her friend and straddled James.

"You wanna?" She asked with a smile. "What do you think?" He said with a laugh. Josh was watching the whole scene and knowing what was about to happen, he wanted away from there and fast. He walked toward his friends, "I think we should get going guys. It's getting late and really cold," he said. Dawn looked at James and shrugged. They all stood up and got out of the water. Josh was already dressed and waiting on his friends in the car. they all dried off the best the could, put their clothes back on and piled into the little Mazda. Alexis and Adam in front and the rest in the back. 

Dawn and Alexis smiled at each other knowingly, in the car, neither girl had bothered to put their bras or panties on and they guys didn't know it, yet. "So, where to now guys?" Alexis asked. "Well, the gas station first," Dawn started, "the tank is almost on empty."

"Ok, then." Alexis replied and they pulled out of the little road and onto the highway. They pulled into the gas station and everyone chipped in two dollars for gas. "Ok, Adam, you pay. I'll pump," Alexis ordered. "Why do I gotta pay?"

"Cause I am not going in any store looking like this. Now get your cute ass in there," she said with a smile. He sighed but went in to pay for the gay anyway. Dawn had her head on James's shoulder and his arm was around her waist. He looked down to her tits and noticed for the first time that she didn't have a bra on. He whispered in her ear, "Bet you don't have your panties on either, do you?"

"Why don't you find out for yourself," she replied spreading her legs enough to allow him access. He slid his hand up her thigh and caressed her wet pussy lips, making her shiver. "Nope, sure don't," he said with a smile as he removed his hand from underneath her skirt. She smiled and pulled him to her and kissed him softly before Alexis and Adam got in the car. "I saw that guy looking at you," he said. "Oh, Adam, is it really that big of a deal?"

"No, he just better not be touching." She laughed at him. "So, guys where now?" Josh spoke up before any of them, "Take me home," he ordered. "Why?" Dawn asked. "Because I want to fucking go home."

"Fine, smart-ass. Take him home, Alexis," Dawn told her friend. They pulled out of the gas station and everyone was quiet. "Um, Josh, you'll have to tell me where you live, ok?" Alexis asked, "Fine, it's right up here. The second road on the left." Alexis pulled onto the road and drove slowly. "You can go faster than 5 MPH, it's not close, yet." Josh barked. Alexis sped up to 30 MPH. "Next house on the right." Josh told her. She pulled into the driveway, and before the car was even stopped he jumped out and slammed the door behind him. "Jeeze, what was his damn problem?" Adam asked. No one answered. "Ok, anyway. Where are we going now that the party-pooper has left?" Alexis asked as she pulled out of the driveway. They got to the end of the road and no one had said anything yet. "I am not pulling off this road until someone tells me where we're going to go next." Alexis proclaimed. "Um....let's go to the movies," Dawn spoke, "we can go see that new 'Mummy' movie."

"Everyone agree?" Alexis asked. They all said their "yes's" and they headed to James's house to get some clothes. They pulled in the driveway and no other cars were there, except for his truck. "Be right back," he told them and kissed Dawn on the forehead as he ran up the stairs to his front door. "Fuck," Adam cursed, "I don't have any clothes either."

"Run in there and see if he'll let you borrow some of his," Dawn told him. He went up the stairs after James and knocked on the door. "What a dumb-ass," Alexis said with a laugh. He went in the house and closed the door behind him. "So," Alexis said, "what's up with you and James? Y'all were getting pretty close back at the lake."

"Yeah," Dawn stared, "but I dunno if it's what I want right now. I mean, I love being with him and all, but I just think I need some 'me' time."

"Yeah, I know what you mean," he friend told her. They sat there waiting and about 5 minutes later the boys ran back out, both with a set of clothes in their arms. Each boy kissed 'their' girl sweetly on the forehead and James explained what took them so long. "I had to write Mom and Dad a note telling them I was spending the night with a friend and I'd call them in the morning." He told the girls. They pulled out of the driveway and headed to Dawn's so they could all get ready. Dawn went in the kitchen to find a note from her mom, and sister. "Great!" She yelled. "What?" The three others asked. "My sister is staying the night with our cousin and my mom is going to be at her boyfriend's lake house for the rest of the weekend. We have the place to ourselves."
