 There was something about her, a quirkiness that drew you to her when she was around. It could have been in the middle of a party or large gathering of friends celebrating who-knows-what; it didn't matter, she stood out.

Not a 'babe' in the traditional sense of the word, no, she was rather average; a bit on the short side, maybe 5'4 on a 'tall day', a few pounds more than she wanted to have but there you have it, the pounds were there. Not so much so that it was unattractive but enough that there were 'soft spots'. Her breasts were on the smallish side, probably A+ or B- but with very easily aroused nipples that begged to be sucked when they were awake.

She laughed a lot, found humor in most circumstances and loved to kid and joke with her co-workers at the steakhouse where she bartended. That was where I met Dawn, but it was before I began working at the steakhouse on weekends, as the second barkeep at the larger, main bar downstairs, or as the upstairs service bartender.

She and my wife were friends, having worked together for a couple of years. After busy nights it wasn't unusual for the wait-staff to gather for after-work drinks at a nearby bistro to let the adrenalin from busy weekend nights slip away, to come down from the warp-speed pace that the bartenders and wait-staff had to work at on busy nights. I would join them, most nights, when I picked up my wife from work at night, before I started working there as well.

Dawn and my wife would go shopping together sometimes, and we had also become friends with her husband, John, and often did things together as couples. Dawn knew of my wife and I's involvement with swinging, but was not at all judgmental of us about that; it was our thing and that was fine with her. We never approached her and John with thoughts of screwing them; no, that would never have flown with John who was a very nice guy but also very traditional in every sense of the word. So we were social friends, not sexual ones.

My 'regular' job required a lot of travel for me, during the work week, which also allowed both my wife and me to indulge in extra-curricular sexual adventures when apart. Not a lot, but enough that we both enjoyed it. We would share our sexual adventures with each other during nightly phone calls or after I returned home from my business trips. The sharing of our sexual trysts with each other always resulted in marathon fucking sessions for us, without fail.

Barb, my wife, was a 'looker' with a killer body and knew it. While not overtly conceited about it, she knew how to use it to her advantage when she wanted to with both men and women. Barb was an equal opportunity swinger; men, women, couples, it didn't matter to Barb, it was all good.

Over the course of several months as Barb and Dawn became friendlier and started hanging out during off-work times, Dawn heard many stories from Barb about recent swinging activities of us, the both of us, so she knew where our heads were regarding recreational sex with other people.

I started working weekends as a bartender with them temporarily when they were short help at the steakhouse and was asked to continue by the management, so I did. I became part of the crew, on weekends, and would join in the after work festivities when we closed.

One such evening, Dawn and I were the last to leave the steakhouse and she said that she didn't feel like joining the gang for drinks that night. Barb was visiting her parents back home and wasn't in town. 

"Feel like smoking a joint with me?" she asked me as we stood in the empty parking lot of the steakhouse.

"Sure, you know I never turn down a chance to toke," laughing as I said it. 

She did know for she had shared lots of weed with us over the past several months. Not John though, no not John. He knew Dawn smoked but just didn't want to have her smoke at home, didn't want the kids to find it or smell it.

We sat in her car, toked up, and just bullshitted about non-important things as we got high. 

"You really don't mind Barb fucking other people, huh?" she said suddenly, out of nowhere.

"No, we're okay with it; not many people understand the mind-set it takes to be a swinger," I said, responding, "and after all, it's not like I haven't had my share of recreational pussy," ending my answer to her question.

She laughed, her eyes now glazed, betraying the stone that was overtaking us both.

"Yeah, I know," she said, "Barb's told me of a couple of your flings on the road."

"Hey," I joked, "even traveling salesmen get horny."

She laughed with me and then we were in each other's arms, kissing lustfully, our hands touching each other, fondling each other with reckless abandon. I unbuttoned her blouse as her hand squeezed and rubbed the bulge in my slacks. 

My hand easily covered her breasts, her nipples pressing against my palm as I felt her, squeezing softly, slowly. Our breathing was labored, the windows fogging up from our make-out session.

"I want to fuck you so much," she moaned between kisses, "but I know we shouldn't be doing this and yet I don't want to stop."

"Sweetie, as hot as I am at this moment," I said to her, her head between my hands as our eyes locked, "if there's the slightest chance of regret in the morning by you, then you're right, we shouldn't be doing this."

The heat of the moment having passed, she slowly nodded her head in agreement, giving my cock one final squeeze as I began buttoning her shirt up.

We sat there for a few moments, quiet, each of us in our own thoughts when she spoke again.

"And if I ever get enough courage to jump into bed with you?" she asked, her voice low, almost too low to hear clearly but I did.

"Then let me know, and we'll figure it out from there," I answered, kissing her sweetly and softly on her lips.

"Will you tell Barb about tonight?" she asked further.

"There's nothing to tell, Dawn, we shared a joint and a goodnight kiss; that's my story and I'm sticking to it."

She smiled, leaned over and we kissed again, a soft, lingering kiss that lasted quite a while. Breaking off, I said goodnight to her, got into my car and drove home, as she did.

Over the next few weeks, we found reasons to have other hot, lusty make-out sessions after work, or on breaks. Never going further than fondling and touching, for a while, that is. On a Friday night, when we both closed the steakhouse down, and we were once again sharing a joint and the feel of each other's body, she boldly took my cock from my pants, stroking it, gripping it as my fingers rolled and played with her nipples. 

Breaking from our kiss, she looked me in the eyes and lowered her head, greedily sucking and licking my cock, taking more and more of it into her mouth. My heavy breathing betrayed the fact that I was going to soon climax and raising her head from my dick, her mouth red with precum on her lips, she asked me to cum in her mouth, to let her swallow my climax. Lowering her head again, she resumed sucking with even more lustfulness, almost as if she wasn't going to get enough of my cock.

Reaching down to her pants, I unsnapped them, working my hand down her belly to her snatch under her panties. She was so wet, and as my fingers played with her clit, she came, grinding her pussy against my hand as I slipped two fingers inside of her. Thrusting my hips upward with my climax, our sounds, I was sure, could be heard for blocks. She sucked my entire load, noisily, greedily, reaching another orgasm as I continued to finger-fuck her.

We shared another small joint, silently but both of us smiling before we parted that night.

The following week was a rare week at home for me, no traveling at all. Barb was at work and I was working in my office when the doorbell rang. 

"John thinks I'm shopping," was all she said when I opened the door and found her standing there, "and Barb doesn't get off until closing tonight, right?"

Standing aside so she could enter the house, I said, "Right, but I believe she has a date of her own tonight, with Pauline, I believe."

Pauline was a married bi-friend of Barb's and a co-worker at the steakhouse. She and Barb were going out for drinks after work and possibly back to Pauline's house for fun and games since her husband was away on a hunting trip.

"John can't ever know about this," she said, her eyes pleading.

"That's between you and John, sweetie, I certainly won't go running to him to tell him," I answered, taking her into my arms, bending down to meet her lips as she raised hers up to mine.

I took her upstairs to the master bedroom, leaving the lights off, using the glow of the light from downstairs to provide just enough light to see each other as we slowly kissed again, standing by my bed.

I took her clothes off slowly, kissing on her body as her nakedness evolved. Laying her on the bed, our eyes stayed locked with each other as I stripped, climbing into bed with her, taking her into my arms, rolling her on top of me as I did so.

Pulling her body up with my hands, my mouth traced kissed down her throat and chest, pausing to slowly suckle her breasts, one at a time, her nipples hard against my tongue. Her hands played in my hair, her lips and throat moaning as her pleasure increased from what I was doing to her.

I guided my cock into her wet pussy as I continued to suck on her tits, causing a gasp to escape her mouth as I slowly, teasingly, entered her until I was fully inside of her, our pubic bones grinding against each other's.

Not long; I didn't stay in her long before I pulled out of her and in one swift move, raised her so that her knees had to straddle my head. When that happened, I pulled her pussy to my mouth with my hands on her ass and began eating her with hunger and wanton lust.

Her moans were now cries of joy and pleasure as she reached one orgasm after another from my mouth and tongue making love to her pussy.

"In me, I want you in me when you cum," she said between climaxes, her hands twisted in my hair, pulling my head deeper into her pussy.

Rolling her over to her back quickly, her legs wrapped around my waist as I sank my cock into her. We quickly found our rhythm and took our time with slow, deliberate fucking, enjoying the feel of my thick cock in her tight pussy. She was later to confide that John was much smaller than me, not nearly as thick as me or as long as my 8".

As the passion overtook our beings, we increased our tempo until the headboard was knocking against the wall. We came together, she reaching three to my one. Barb was also multi-orgasmic so I was use to prolonging my ejaculations for her pleasure as well. Finally finishing, I collapsed along side of her as she cooed and murmured contentedly, obviously satisfied with the fucking that had just happened.

"Was it good, Babe?"

Not my voice, nor Dawn's, it was Barb's, from the doorway.

Seeing Dawn's shocked and frightened look, Barb walked towards the bed, slowly unbuttoning her shirt as she did so.

"Relax, Dawn, I'm not mad or angry or pissed off, okay?" Barb said, shaking her shirt from her arms, her braless 36D boobs high and firm on her chest. She stopped at the end of the bed, looking at us both and smiling, slowly undoing her belt and jeans.

"That was hot, watching you guys," she said, still smiling, the familiar-to me anyway-look of horniness in her eyes and on her face.

"Barb, I don't know..." but Barb stopped her from saying anything else by quickly leaning down and kissing Dawn on the mouth, Barb's hand dropping onto Dawn's breasts, squeezing and caressing as she kissed a shocked Dawn deeper and deeper. Dawn's wide-opened eyes of shock slowly closed as the kiss deepened between them. She slowly wrapped her arms around Barb as they continued to kiss, their tongues now dancing in each other's mouth.

Dropping her hand to Dawn's cum-soaked pussy, Barb fingered Dawn for a short bit, removing her fingers and bringing them to their mouths, each sucking and licking my cum from Barb's fingers.

"Baby," Barb said to me, "why don't you let Dawn suck on you while I clean her up a bit."

And with that said, Barb crawled between Dawn's opened legs and dropped her head to her bush, the sounds of her licking and sucking my cum from Dawn's pussy, loud in the dimly lit bedroom.

"Ooh, Goddamn, but that feels so good, Barb," Dawn said as I moved towards her head on my knees, my semi-hard cock bobbing in front of her head. Reaching with her hand, she took my cock and had me rock hard within five strokes from her small hand. Leaning upward as I moved my cock lower for her; she swallowed all of me in three gulps, her cries of pleasure louder than Barb's noisy pussy-eating.

I came in her mouth when I could hold back no longer, she and Barb taking turns at sucking my cum from me. Dawn had climaxed several times when Barb finally finished with her, finished sucking our juices from her cunt and had moved higher on the bed to kiss and play with Dawn as she sucked on me.

The girls let me rest and regain my strength, thankfully, while at Dawn's request, Barb talked her through pussy-eating 101. Dawn had never been with another woman, sexually, before that night but Barb said she was a very good student, laughing afterwards.

Dawn called John with an excuse for being a bit longer from my office. Walking back into our room, she simply smiled and said, "I've got another couple of hours."

We used that extra time well, did the three of us.

"I thought you were going out with Pauline tonight," I said, after Dawn had left our bed to go home.

"She couldn't go so I got someone else to close for me and decided to come home early. Glad I did, that was fun with Dawn, wasn't it?"

"Yeah, it was," I agreed and brought her up to speed on the make-out sessions that Dawn and I had had.

"That's cool," she said, moving down the bed to take my cock into her mouth.

"You think Dawn will want to come back and play with us?" she said, between sucks.

"I'd bet on it," I said as another orgasm began building inside of me.

Dawn was to remain our plaything for a couple of years; fucking either of us, at times, and both of us, most times. She and John are still married and as to what he knows of she and us, only Dawn knows. I suspect he is still unaware and that's probably best all the way around.