 Vicki watched as the work truck pulled up to her driveway. With any luck, this job wouldn't take all day, and she would be able to supervise their work and head off to do her errands. The foreman came up to the door, papers in hand. He explained to her exactly what kind of job they'd be doing, and reassured her that they shouldn't be much more than a few hours. In fact, the laborers were already starting their work in the driveway, digging and chipping away at the damaged concrete. The noise was growing louder and Vicki wanted nothing to do with it already. She hurriedly signed where she needed to and sealed herself in the house. A half day off ruined! At least, she thought, she could get some things done for herself around the house. Then the day wouldn't be a total loss.

The hours ticked by and Vicki wasn't happy. The work was nowhere near done on time, and she knew that she'd be missing a full day of work. The foreman knocked on the door to confirm this to her, but assuaged her that there would be no extra charge for however long it took them to finish. Although she was angry that the job was going to take longer than promised, at least she could enjoy the rest of the day away from the office.

With the door closed behind her, Vicki headed upstairs to her bedroom, stripping off her blouse on the way. Her skirt followed as she rummaged through the room to find something more comfortable to wear. Clad in only a lacy white bra and matching panties, Vicki happened to glance out her window. The workmen outside were certainly doing their damnedest to get the job done, but that didn't concern her. In the growing heat of the day, all three of them had stripped off their shirts to work, and sweat glistened on their ebony skin. She gasped when she saw this, then checked to make sure that they couldn't see her standing there in her underwear. The men were all well built, and she watched their muscles ripple as they toiled away outside. 

She could feel her pussy moistening as she stood there, transfixed before tearing herself away. They had a job to do, and while it was appealing to fantasize, Vicki knew her place. Besides, the foreman was still down there, making sure that they weren't goofing off. She pulled on a pair of bike shorts and a T-shirt before heading back downstairs. Once there, she busied herself around the house and yard, sneaking glances at the guys who continued to work at a brisk pace. Even though her shirt was long enough to conceal her bottom, enough of her curvy figure was visible at certain times that the work crew got to enjoy an occasional peek. This was wholly coincidental on Vicki's part, and by the time she noticed one of the men stealing a longing glance at her ass, the day was growing late. 

Still, she secretly enjoyed the fact that despite her modest dress, she had still managed to turn a few heads. The hot afternoon eventually gave way to a somewhat cooler evening, and Vicki wasn't surprised to be talking to the foreman as the sun went down. No, they weren't done with their work, but then again, she wouldn't be charged anything extra for it. Although she was disappointed at the disruption in her life, she wasn't altogether upset with the fact that these guys would be back tomorrow. As they cleaned up from the day's work, she got to mingle in closer with them, knowing that their eyes were on her, and hers on them. All three of the workmen were very well defined, and their dark skin enticed her. When one of them 'accidentally' brushed against her, Vicki felt shivers racing down her spine. Yes, she truly would be happy to see them again in the morning, and she looked forward to spending as much of the next day as possible keeping a close eye on them.

The next morning, Vicki made sure she was up early. Rising before the work crew arrived, she hurriedly went through her closet, finding something enticing to wear. She wanted to look sexy, but not be completely done up like a whore. Besides, she only wanted to give them something to think about as she plotted ways to steal glances at their chiseled bodies as well. Rummaging around in her closet yielded an old pair of cut off jean shorts, which would be perfect! They were tight fitting and cut off very high, just above the lowest curve of her ass. Vicki was about to pull them on over her skimpy panties when she changed her mind. 

The panties came off, and the jean shorts went on with nothing underneath. She was careful when zipping them up not to catch the bushy hairs of her cunt. For a top, the sexy young brunette found a white tank top. It tucked into her shorts nicely, fitting closely over her trim figure. The arm openings were a bit large, however, and the top fit a little loosely. If she was reaching or stretching, someone with the right angle could catch a glimpse of her breasts. And the dark patches around her nipples would be barely visible from the front as well. She admired herself in the mirror briefly, imagining the hard ons that she'd give those guys today when she heard someone knocking on the door. Hurriedly, Vicki headed downstairs, expecting to greet the foreman and his crew, who were arriving to finish the job.

To her surprise when she opened the door, Vance, one of the workmen she had drooled over the previous day was there. His eyes bugged out as he saw the vision of beauty before him, but he quickly recovered. In brief, Vance explained to Vicki that he and the crew were here to finish the job, and they would be checked up on by the foreman. All the while, he did a poor job of attempting to avert his gaze from her body. Vicki scarcely heard what the man said, concentrating instead on his well developed arms and upper body. She had noticed his wandering eyes, and teased him with her movements. He could see her breasts through her shirt, and she knew it, keeping her arms raised so that he may catch a brief glimpse of what she was barely concealing. 

In another moment, she had turned to get something, half bending over and showing off her ass for him. Vance pretended not to notice, but how could he not! His work mates were watching all of this from the truck, and snickering about it. As soon as Vicki closed the door to let him get to his work, he turned and strode off towards them, blowing out a deep breath and trying to get his mind off of her. It didn't work, the vision of the sexy little brunette was burned into his memory. The fact that she was showing off her tits and ass didn't help Vance any, but there was work to do, and lots of it. Together with Jay and Chuck, Vance began his day's labor, but their conversation was definitely on the woman who was obviously keeping an eye on them from the porch. 

Occasionally, one of them would steal a glance at her, fantasizing about what lay beneath her skimpy outfit. Vance had already done his part, describing the fullness of her breasts and the fine shape of her ass. His pals laughed as he described her, each of them forming a delightfully erotic vision in his own mind. Later in the day, when they were nearing completion, Vicki herself helped them along. She had been spritzing some hanging plants on her porch, and hadn't been all that careful with the water. Her clingy white tank top was partially soaked, and her rosy nipples showed right through it. Despite the fact that she knew she was going to give the guys a free look through her wet shirt, she brought some cold drinks down to them. It was only fair, she thought. 

After all, they had once again stripped down to their shorts to toil in the hot sun. Sweat gave their dark skin an appealing shine, and none of them bothered to even try and look away as Vicki approached. They were working hard, and figured that if she was willing to show off her body, then who were they to refuse. Besides, she had looked damn good to all of them the day before, and even better today. She paused for a few moments to chat with them, and was delighted to find out that they would soon be done. All that needed to happen after that was a final inspection from the foreman and they could go. With that, Vicki headed back towards the house, never doubting for a moment that the guys were focusing their attention on the exposed curves of her ass. And she was right.

Not too long after that, she answered another knock on her door. It was Vance, of course, with his buddies in tow. They were done with the job, and asked her if she wanted to look over their work. She accompanied them outside, and as she expected, they followed her. With a sly smile on her face, Vicki made sure she wiggled her ass while she walked, and even bent down to see the job that they had done. Vance, who was standing in front of her at the time got an excellent view of her cleavage, while Jay and Chuck were left staring at her ass. Her shorts had ridden up her butt a bit while she was doing that, and Vicki made no effort to cover herself up. 

Once satisfied that they were done, she asked when the foreman could be expected. Vance told her that he had to call, and wondered if he could borrow her phone. Vicki agreed, of course, and they headed back into the house. Ever the gracious hostess, Vicki invited all of the guys in to cool off, and they readily agreed. Vance made his call while the guys took seats and Vicki went off to get them some more drinks. She returned just as Vance did, and took the frosty pitcher away from her body. The ice cold pitcher had hardened one of her nipples, and it showed through her thin shirt like a beacon. This was not lost on the workmen either. Together, they sat and talked, with the guys never taking their gaze off of her. She was sitting on a stool, bending over a lot and laughing, which jiggled her breasts nicely. Vicki's shapely legs were slightly spread, and none of the men could resist a glance at her bare thighs. She knew this, of course, but acted as if she hadn't noticed. 

The four of them sat around talking for some time, but the foreman never showed. After awhile, Vance asked if he could call again, see if there was some kind of hold up or something. Vicki directed him to the phone in the kitchen again, and he headed out of the room. In a minute, he was back, holding her telephone handset, and inquiring if there was another phone he could use, apparently the battery on this one had gone dead. Vicki invited Vance to follow her upstairs, and he could use the one in her bedroom. She led the way, of course, and three pairs of eyes stayed riveted on her ass. Vance kept his eyes on her all the way up the stairs, straining to see just how far up her butt her shorts had ridden.

Vance was following a few steps behind Vicki, keeping her ass just above his eye level. From there, he could clearly see the curves of her butt that peeked out from beneath her tight shorts. The sashaying motion of her body as she climbed the stairs enticed him, and beneath his shorts, Vance was sporting a raging hard on. Once inside her bedroom, Vicki handed him the phone unit and he dialed up his supervisor. From what she could hear of his conversation, the foreman was delayed, and wouldn't be available to do the inspection for some time yet. He hung up the phone and turned to apologize to Vicki. By now, she had taken up a position on the bed, sitting on its edge. Vance was eyeing her up intently, and she was studying his form as well. Vicki's inviting eyes told him exactly what he wanted to hear, and without a wasted word, he approached her on the bed.

She seemed to melt into his arms the moment they wrapped around her. She could smell his manly aroma, punctuated by the sweat of his earlier exertions. Strong black arms reached around her waist, tugging at the thin cotton of her shirt. Effortlessly, it was removed as his tongue probed its way into her mouth. Vicki could feel the bulge in his shorts pressing against her soft flesh and her hands struggled to free it. By now, Vance had pulled off her shirt, exposing her lovely breasts to him. He doffed his quickly as well, baring his well muscled chest to her. Vicki caught her breath in her throat, stifling a gasp as she saw the well muscled stud before her. 

She succeeded in tugging his shorts down, revealing a sizable black hard on. He was working her shorts as well, unzipping them and allowing his fingers to dart inside, brushing against her bush and teasing her wet pussy. With a sharp pull, they were down around her ankles and Vicki finished kicking them off. Immediately, Vance's fingers found their way down beneath her bush, pressing gently against her wet cunt. Vicki moaned and spread her legs as she led Vance down onto the bed with her. His fingers massaged her puss, sliding back and forth along her slit, just barely dipping inside of her. Maneuvering his fingers like an expert, Vance caressed Vicki slowly, and started rubbing her clit with his thumb. She was spreading her legs wider now, pulling her wet cunt lips apart. One of Vance's rough fingers slipped all the way inside. Vicki gasped. Her warm wetness enveloped Vance's intruding finger as he eased it deep inside her pussy. His thumb continued to manipulate her hardening clit.

With his other hand, and his mouth, Vance took on her ample breasts. They were soft to the touch but her nipples were hardening quickly. She wiggled her hips to grind her cunt against his hand harder and harder, driving his probing fingers deep inside her. His mouth tugged at her breasts, tweaking her firm nipples as Vicki moaned out loud. Her own arms wrapped themselves around Vance, pulling him tighter against her body and quickening his tempo. Vance's stiff cock rubbed against her bare thigh as their bodies entwined together. Despite her moaning and writhing, Vicki felt his member brushing against her, and she pulled slightly away. 

With Vance laying on his back, she darted down between his legs to find his member waving as it stiffened. She smiled as she saw the thick black cock and wrapped her fingers around it. Quickly, Vicki gave it a few short strokes, then without any hesitation, wrapped her lips around its swollen head. Vance gasped as he felt her going down on him, feeling her lips pursing around his cock and sliding down the shaft. She rebounded up, following her red lips with her hand. She brought her lips all the way back to the tip of his cock, teasing the opening with her tongue. A drop of pre-cum dissolved on her tongue as her reward. Vicki savored the sweet taste of this stud's cum, then returned to sucking his cock, going down on him faster with each stroke. Her mouth engulfed him completely, which was no mean feat given his size. Nevertheless, she continued to stroke and suck his cock until it was rock hard and her pussy was dripping wet.

With his thick tool dripping wet with her saliva, Vicki deftly released it from her mouth and assumed a position on her back. Her shapely legs were spread, revealing her curly brown bush and soaking wet pussy ready for his cock. As she scooted up, Vance positioned himself between her legs. His throbbing member ached to get inside of her, and from the look of her, she was dying to feel his massive cock penetrating deep into her pussy. His body came down on top of hers, his hands coming to rest on her breasts. Even as he manipulated them, Vance's stiff cock pressed up against the entrance to Vicki's sweet pussy. Effortlessly, he thrust his way inside her, sliding down that well worn path easily. 

Vicki's pussy had been loosened up by all that finger fucking that Vance had done with her before, and she was very wet. Despite her readiness, Vance's cock was a tight fit for her hot little cunt, and she moaned as he reamed in and out of her. His thrusts were fast and hard, making her cry out louder and louder. His muscles rippled as he thrust his cock in and out of her cunt, and she grabbed onto his broad shoulders as tightly as she could. Vance's thrusts were powerful, pounding his stiff cock deep inside her wet and waiting pussy. Vicki's entire body shook as he rammed himself home inside her, time and time again. His hard cock was penetrating deep inside her, sliding in and out of her hot wet cunt faster and faster as she spread her legs even farther apart. The comely young brunette was screaming in absolute delight as the workman fucked her harder than she'd ever thought possible. Sweat dripped off their bodies as Vance thrust himself deep inside her once more, grunting as he came. Globs of his cum filled Vicki's waiting cunt as he drove himself down inside her. She shrieked her enjoyment as he fired the last few drops of his cum into her pussy, and she raked her nails across his stripling back with one final sigh of contentment.

With his cock spent and his balls emptied, Vance gave her a gentle kiss on the lips by way of thanks, then eased his dick out of her pussy. She was such a good lay, Vance was sorry that it was over, but what an incredible fuck she had been. Loud too, for Jay and Chuck had heard their rather loud interlude, and had come up the stairs to investigate. Whether or not they had seen anything was uncertain, but as Vicki lay on the bed she saw them staring at her. 

What a sight to behold she was! Her legs were spread, showcasing her well fucked pussy. Some of Vance's cum was dripping its way out of her, and some more was stuck to her bush. Vicki's ample breasts were exposed to their view as well, and her hard nipples seemed to beckon them to her. She smiled as she saw the delight in their dark faces and gestured them over to her with a wave of her hand. Vance cleared the way for his buddies as they came closer to the hot little wench he had just fucked. Both men tore off their shirts and stripped out of their shorts before they reached the bed. Vicki scooted up a little higher on it, keeping her legs spread as they reached her. 

Once they did, they wasted no time, and soon Vicki had two pairs of hand caressing her breasts and manipulating her wet pussy. Briefly, she felt a hot mouth sucking on one of her gorgeous tits, and although she wanted more, the guys had other things in mind. It wasn't long at all before Chuck had his rigid cock up by her lips, and dutifully, Vicki began to suck him. She had parted her lips gently, easing his cock into her waiting mouth when he savagely shoved his cock forward, jamming it down her throat. Vicki was stunned, and nearly gagged, but somehow she managed not to. As soon as he had his cock in her mouth, Chuck started a rhythmic thrusting that literally forced Vicki to suck on him. The only alternative would have been to bite him, and she certainly wasn't going to do that. Instead, she met his eyes with her own lust filled gaze and wrapped a hand around the shaft of his tool, stroking him into her waiting mouth. His cock was already oozing sticky sweet drops of pre cum, and Vicki sucked them down her throat.

While she was doing this, Jay wasn't wasting his opportunity either. Once his friend had laid claim to Vicki's hot mouth, Jay pulled himself off her tits and spread her legs apart. Even with a monstrous cock shoved down her gullet, Vicki didn't resist. For her, this was a situation that she could only dream of in her wildest fantasies, there was no way she'd pass on it. Jay's hands were rough from the physical labor he did for work, but strong and her thighs obligingly parted for him. Her hot cunt was still wet from the fucking that Vance had given her and was still flowing a mixture of her juices and his cum. Jay didn't care. He sampled her pussy first with his fingers, easing a couple of them deep inside her pussy, causing her to cry out. 

Her hot wetness was apparent as Vicki's cunt clamped down around Jay's fingers. Her juices coated his fingers as he pulled them out, and he wiped the sticky stuff off on her bush, rubbing her clit in the process. She was evidently enjoying the chance to give Chuck a blow job, and her body language told Jay that she surely would love to feel his cock inside her right now. A quick glance on his part down at her pussy told him she was quite ready, and despite already being rock hard, Jay felt a spasming in his loins as he saw her waiting pussy. Between those gorgeous spread thighs, Vicki's cunt beckoned to him. Her pussy lips were spread apart and waiting, Jay could see the deeper tone of red within. Glossy pink lips hinted of how wet she was, and pearly white streaks of what had to be Vance's cum decorated her puffy outer lips. Above that, a thatchy brown patch of pubic hair wreathed the girl's hard clit. She was wet, she was waiting. And Jay wanted her. 
