 I decided to celebrate the Mexican Day of the Dead by inviting my Mexican friend to visit. His name is Luis, he's 12 years younger than me, and he's, well, let's just say he's a little lacking in documentation to be in this country. Luis has the best smile, and every time we talk I feel great. We've talked of many things, from travel to Marxism, but never shared anything more intimate than a kiss.

On the night I invited Luis to come, he brought his 20-year-old cousin along for the evening too. Hey, the more the merrier, right? Tequila, music, and tacos! We chatted, I showed them photos of my trip to Mexico, and when the cousin wasn't looking Luis stole some sweet kisses. I started sending the cousin on errands just so I could get more kisses. I love his full lips and his dark eyes. As he got more comfortable (and more tequila) he started cuddling on the couch with me. I was loving this!

The music was playing, I wanted to dance. With two young Latinos in the house there has to be dancing. I teased them with my usual joke "get naked and dance". I always say that at parties, and no one ever does. These guys were no exception, they were not taking off their clothes. They challenged me back... you first. Did I mention that we were drinking tequila? I don't normally drink, and it was hitting me fast and hard. No way am I taking off my shirt first! Tell the cousin to take off his shirt, and Luis, you can remove my shirt if you want. There, I'm safe, no guy is going to take off "his" girls shirt in front of his cousin, right?

The cousin took off his shirt and I danced with him. I love dancing. I'm a little dizzy from the alcohol, but with a cute young and now shirtless Mexican, the quality of my dancing isn't really important. The next thing I know, I feel my shirt starting to lift. I turn to face Luis as he takes my shirt off. This young man loves big breasts, and he's enjoying having me dancing in front of him wearing a bra and jeans. As I started to remove his shirt (fair is fair you know), I realized that the cousin didn't back off. He's still dancing behind me, so I grind my ass into him, while Luis is kissing my breasts.

Luis made the next move, letting my jeans drop to the floor with a "clunk" from the belt buckle. My heart is racing. I'm now in my underwear in front of two men I barely know, and they are keeping their bodies close to mine. I'm a little embarrassed, but wildly turned on, and I have to get them out of their jeans too. Once the jeans are gone, I feel their hard cocks grinding against me. Do I dare touch them?

Luis continues to take the lead, running his hands all over my body, and then sliding his fingers deep into my wet pussy. I squeeze his fingers, hoping he realizes how good that squeezing will feel on his cock. I think it worked, because he started biting my neck. He turned me around again so I could face the cousin. Luis with his fingers still in my pussy allowed his cousin to suck my tits too. I can't believe this guy is sharing.

The next time I turned back to Luis, I felt my bra being unfastened from behind. Bold bold cousin, taking off my underwear now? But I love how Luis bites at my tits, this feels so good. All of these hands on my body. Two mouths biting and kissing me. And my hands and mouth going for whatever I want. Yes, they let me hold both cocks at once. Am I in heaven? I thought it didn't exist, but I was wrong. Heaven is having a cock in each hand. 

The cousin had another surprise for me as he slid his fingers into my pussy. Hey buddy, your cousin is going to get pissed if you keep taking liberties with his girl like this. Isn't he? When is Luis going to either stop this game, or drag me to the bedroom so we can fuck our brains out together. I've been wanting to feel Luis' cock inside of me since the first kiss, and these two men make me wildly horny.

The cousin is enjoying my breasts again, so I lean backwards into his chest. Luis is bumping and grinding me, my head is spinning, I'm so horny I think I'm going to start having multiple orgasms right there. I barely remember doing this next part, but with the cousin holding me so tight from behind, I wrapped my legs around Luis, and quickly forced him to enter me without a condom. Shame on me for not using a condom! For a moment I am suspended between these two guys, my would-be boyfriend fucking me without a condom while his cousin lifts me onto Luis' cock.

I am pushed down to my feet as Luis insists that we are not doing this without protection. He says it is time to go to my bedroom. I quickly agree, take his hand, and lead him up the stairs. His hands are all over my ass as we go, and I'm not looking backwards. We get to my room and I climb onto the bed. Luis asks me where the condoms are, and I drunkenly fall off the bed trying to find them. I toss some to him, still not looking backwards, still not sure if we're alone, and really afraid to find out.

I go to the corner of the bed, on my hands and knees like a dog, my knees at the edge, down on my elbows, ass in the air, ready for him to stand behind me and fuck me hard. He doesn't hesitate for a moment. We've had plenty of foreplay, I'm wild with anticipation, my pussy is dripping and begging to be filled. He plunges into me and I realize that he is nice and large. This is going to be an awesome fuck. I realize that I am about to multi-O while he takes my pussy from that angle, hitting straight into my g-spot. Just as I start to cum, the cousin gets onto the bed beside me, puts an arm under me to reach across to one breast, and puts his mouth to the closest breast. As Luis grips my ass and slams his cock deep into my pussy, the cousin pushes me over the edge of orgasms by playing with my tits. I cum over and over, slamming my body backwards into Luis, hearing my curvy ass slap into his stomach. 

I feel him pull out and pause, and he sends the cousin away. Finally, the cousin has gone too far, and Luis is not going to share his girl any more. Before I can move out of this position, on my knees and hands at the end of the bed, Luis gets on the bed in front of me, his hard cock ready for my mouth. Hmmm, he resisted cumming so that I could suck him. What a good boy. I take him deep into my mouth, enjoying the feel of his cock, hoping to suck out a few drops of pre-cum to wash away the taste of condom. Then all of a sudden I feel a cock slam deep into my pussy. The cousin didn't leave, he was taking a turn at fucking me. I have a cock in my mouth, and another fucking deep into my pussy, and I start cumming again and again. 

At this point my mind went into a slightly different place. The tequila? The shock of being in the first threesome of my life? For some reason simple arithmetic entered my head. A 20 year old and a 26 year old, added together is 46, the age of my ex husband. Sometimes math makes me smile.

I was sucking and fucking as hard as I could, but the alcohol and the orgasms made it impossible to concentrate. I gave myself completely over to the activity, giving up on questions like "am I good?" and "does he like to have his ass licked?" and just let the orgasms happen. The cousin pulled out and the two men switched places, so that Luis could fuck me some more and the cousin finally had a turn getting his cock sucked. He was being so well behaved at letting Luis go first, and accepting his role as second, that he deserved to have his cock sucked too. Luis rolled me onto my side, lifted my leg up across his chest, and plunged deep into me again, while the cousin got his cock stroked and sucked.

Luis did decide he had shared enough, and wanted me to himself. He flipped me onto my back, plunged into me, growled at his cousin, and the cousin left the room. Face to face, I finally had this handsome man to myself. My arms and legs wrapped around him, he rode me wildly until he was cumming as hard as I was. All of those kegals are very good for making sure that when I cum, it pushes my man over the edge and makes him cum with me. 

Throughout the night he tried to tell me he was too tired for more sex, but I topped him three more times that night anyway. Wake a man by sucking his cock and he seldom complains. One of the three times he wanted my ass, which I very slowly gave him. I'll give Luis anything he asks for.

So of course, now he's asking for a threesome with another woman. It's only fair you know.