 Abby sat staring at the blank screen of her computer. She'd been trying to write a new story for days and simply couldn't find the ambition. Every time she would sit at her computer her mind would wander off to Nick, or their new friends Daphne and Tony. Her mind would flood with thoughts of Nick's strong arms around her, his lips on hers, and lately, thoughts of Daphne's kisses, or Tony's touch. It wasn't doing her work well, but it was doing wonderful things for her soul and heart. 

Her heart would start racing when she thought about Nick, and watching him that night with Daphne, and Daphne's kisses. Abby had always considered herself to be borderline bi-sexual, but it wasn't until meeting Daphne that Abby realized she was more than borderline bi-sexual, that she was indeed very turned on by a woman's touch and touching another woman. She giggled out loud, wondering if Nick had realized all along that she was more into girls than even she realized. She paused for a moment and though that he probably had, which was why he kept mentioning it to her.

It was almost funny to her how Nick seemed to know her better than she knew herself most of the time, but at the same time, it was a little frustrating. Before she realized it, she had lost track of a significant amount of time, looking down at the clock on her computer, she decided to step away and take a shower, maybe clear her head of the thoughts running through it and hopefully come back to her computer ready to get down to the serious business of writing the next chapter in the story she had been fumbling away with for a very large period of time. 

She turned on the shower, then turned to look at herself in the mirror, her auburn hair falling onto her shoulders, and the eyes staring back at her having turned to their amber color -- she had definitely gotten herself worked up thinking about Nick, then adding Daphne and Tony to that thought process. She turned from the mirror, slowly removed her clothes, and then stepped into the warmth of the water.

As she washed her hair, thoughts of Nick's physique flooded her thoughts. His crystal blue eyes being the first though, and then thinking of his tall, trim figure, his warm calloused hands on her body, his lips pressed against hers. She shook her head at herself as if to shake the thought of him from her head. She washed her hair and conditioned it in an almost dream like state. Then turned and picked up her body wash, squeezing just a little onto the sponge before picking that up and running it across her body. As she slid the sponge down and slipped it between her legs, her clit throbbed at the sponge brushing across it. She couldn't resist and ran her fingers across it a little harder. 

Nick walked in the front door expecting to see Abby at her computer working. He knew she was under a deadline, but had a special plan in mind for her that she wasn't aware of yet. He'd hoped to surprise her and stepping further into the house he heard the shower running. He grinned knowing his little plan was going to be much easier than he had imagined. He pulled his phone out of his pocket and made a quick call, keeping a little distance between him and the bathroom so Abby wouldn't hear his voice.

"Hey, she's in the shower, so it's going to be a great surprise," he quietly stated to the person on the other end of the line.

They spoke for a few more moments before Nick hung up and went to the bedroom. He set his phone down on the bedside table and picked up a camera, moving it to another table in the room and setting it up. He put it on a timed setting to record, and then removed his clothes before walking across the hall to the bathroom. 

The door was cracked open, making it easy for him to slip in. The shower curtain being just a little see through, he watched Abby reaching between her legs and rubbing her clit. His cock instantly began throbbing as he stepped closer to the shower and pulled the curtain back. 

Abby felt the cold air flood the shower and turned to see Nick beginning to climb in with her. She smiled as she surveyed his body, and looked down to see his cock hard. He stepped into the shower and moved closer to her as she reached out and grasped his cock and started stroking it. His lips found hers; pressing hard against them as his tongue parted her lips, probing into her mouth to find her tongue. She whimpered as he reached down and pressed his fingers against her already throbbing clit, her body twitching just a little at the divine pressure. 

Once his kiss let up, she bent down and slipped his cock into her mouth, the throbbing hardness of it touching the back of her throat causing a small moan to escape her lips as they were wrapped around his cock. He reached down and grasped her hair, pulling her back just a little. She whined in protest. 

"Not yet, I have a surprise for you," he grinned as he picked up his own sponge and poured some of his body wash onto it. 

"Oh really now," she asked. His response was a simple smile across his face, before leaning down and kissing her deeply again.

She stepped back out of his way, and let him get under the water, watching his muscles flex as he washed himself. She reached around and took the sponge from his hands and ran it down his back, across his butt, and then over his shoulder, before reaching around with soapy hands and stroking his cock. She figured she would help him get good and clean as she really wanted to suck him more after they got out of the shower. Nick rinsed off and then turned the water off.

Abby opened the shower curtain and grabbed her towel, handing Nick his. They stood together in the shower drying off, as Abby's mind raced on what this surprise could be. She'd had a really long week, with deadlines ahead of her and having some issues keeping her focus on her writing. Over the past few months as they had been working on building a stronger relationship, her writing had suffered a little, but it was all for the better. 

She wrapped her towel around her and headed for the door, opening it and hearing voices in their bedroom. She turned and looked at him with a quizzical look on her face. He just smiled and stepped in front of her and walked into the bedroom, she followed closely behind and saw Tony and Daphne sitting on the edge of their bed. Abby nearly dropped her towel as she swerved around Nick to go hug Daphne and then Tony. It had been weeks since she'd gotten to see them due to her many deadlines of late. 

Abby stepped back from hugging Tony and went back over to Daphne. Abby wrapped her arms around her and kissed her deep and hard, her towel dropping to the floor. Daphne stood as they continued kissing, the girls moving just a little as Daphne, with the help of Nick and Tony dropped her clothes to the floor. 

Abby pushed Daphne back towards the bed and pulled away from the kiss as the girls slid up onto the bed. Daphne laid on her back as Abby slipped on top of her, kissing Daphne again before sliding down and gently sucking Daphne's nipples into her mouth, one then the other and kissing down her body, gently running her tongue down from Daphne's belly button to her clit, licking softly, then sitting back a little, just enough to look down at Daphne's gorgeous body before bending back down and sucking Daphne's clit into her mouth, then letting loose and sliding a finger gently inside Daphne. 

Daphne whimpered as Abby slowly slid her finger in and out of her pussy as Abby continued licking her clit a little more. Nick stepped in behind Abby and ran his fingers across her clit, pressing down on it, and then running it around the edge of her pussy. Abby groaned in pleasure which caused her to be more intend on licking and sucking Daphne's clit. As his fingers slid inside Abby, her body shuddered in pleasure, moans escaping her lips as she slid up and kissed Daphne again. 

Daphne pushed Abby over onto her back and turned herself, positioning herself in 69 and made quick work of finding Abby's clit with her mouth. Abby twitched and moaned at the feeling of Daphne's tongue on her clit and slowly ran her tongue across Daphne's also. The two of them pleasuring each other orally as Nick and Tony undressed and climbed onto the bed with the girls. Nick moved himself to be sitting next to Abby's head and slowly started working his fingers into Daphne's warm tight pussy, Tony following suit next to Daphne and beginning to finger Abby's wet, tight pussy. 

After what seemed like only seconds, Daphne moved off the top of Abby and came around to kiss her again. Whimpering in pleasure at the taste and touch of Daphne's kisses Abby ran her hands down Daphne's body. They continued kissing a little while longer before Nick reached for Daphne, Nick maneuvering Daphne to lie on her back next to Abby, kissing her as his hands explored her body. Tony took this cue and slid up Abby and kissed her, before working his way down and sucking one nipple then the other, sliding down her body to her warm, wet pussy.

Abby shuddered as his tongue found her clit, his fingers sliding into her. Her hips instinctively rising to meet Tony's fingers as he pressed them inside her, his tongue running up and down against her clit, then his mouth wrapping around it and sucking it in. Abby looked over and watched Nick slowly sliding down Daphne's body, his mouth on her nipples, then his tongue running down her abdomen, then his tongue pressing on her clit. Abby leaned over and began kissing Daphne again, reaching over and gently grasping her nipples as they kissed. Tony and Nick between their legs, continuing to lick, suck, and finger their already soaking wet pussies.

Nick moved off the top of Daphne, as Tony backed off of Abby and stood at the edge of the bed, grasping Abby by the wrists and pulling her closer to sitting up, he ushered her to turn around, and her back to him, as Nick lay on the bed where she had been. He smiled as he reached for Daphne, bringing her to straddle his face, with her face towards Abby and Tony. Abby leaned down and took Nicks hard, throbbing cock into her mouth and began sucking and stroking him as he was licking and sucking Daphne's clit. Tony gently urged her to spread her legs apart enough for him to move forward and slid his cock into her wet, tight pussy. 

She groaned as Tony began slowly pushing his cock in and out of her as she was sucking Nicks cock. The harder Tony buried his cock into her, the more ferocious she sucked on Nicks cock. Abby looked up and watched Nick sucking and licking Daphne's clit, his fingers slowly pressing into her. Abby slid his cock out of her mouth briefly as Daphne leaned down and kissed her. They continued kissing for a few minutes before Daphne sat back upright and Abby slid Nicks cock back into her mouth. Tony continued burying his throbbing cock in and out of Abby's tight pussy, reaching around with one hand and pressing hard against her clit. Her body responded of its own accord and her hips pushed back against him to cause his cock to bury deeper inside her. 

Tony slowed his movements and kept his cock pressed inside her as he gently slipped one finger into her tight ass. She moaned in pleasure as he began finger fucking her, and then slipped a second finger in. His cock still buried in her pussy, she pushed her hips back against his fingers, as if willing him to bury them further. Abby stopped sucking Nick's cock and looked up to watch him bring Daphne to orgasm with his fingers pressed inside her and his tongue on her clit, licking, sucking, and using his other hand to reach up and play with her nipples. 

Daphne's body shuddered as she began cuming, Tony's cock and fingers still buried inside Abby; she reached up and pulled Daphne down towards her, sucking on her nipples while Daphne was cuming. Daphne's moans of pleasure resonating throughout the room as the pinnacle of her orgasm subsided and Nick left his fingers still inside Daphne, but kept his tongue pressed against her clit. Daphne leaned back for a moment, knowing what was coming next, and grasped Abby's hands, pulling her forward.

Tony let his cock slip from her pussy, and gently slid his fingers out of her. She moved forward as Daphne beckoned and slowly slipped Nicks throbbing cock into her warm pussy. She whimpered as she slipped all the way down onto him, feeling the head of his cock hitting the deep, intense nerve, causing the combination of pleasure and pain to shoot through her body. Nicks hands slid to her back and pulled her down towards him, slowly beginning to rock his hips up to hers, as she began rocking her hips to push him deeper inside her. 

Abby was sitting up enough to begin kissing Daphne again, as Daphne allowed Nick to begin sucking her clit and fingering her tight pussy again. Abby rocked back and forth, the throbbing of Nicks cock encouraging her to bury it deep and hard. This continued for a short while before Nick tightened his grip on Abby holding her still. Daphne raised her body enough for Nick to question Abby to make sure she was ready for what they had planned. She gave him a slightly nervous smile but nodded her head yes. 

Tony moved forward and slowly ran his fingers around the rim of her ass, using a small amount of lube to prepare her tight ass for his penetration. As Nick laid still holding Abby against him, Tony slowly worked his cock into Abby. She shuddered as she felt his cock stretching her tight hole. She reached around and put her hand against Tony's thigh, as if to tell him to stop a minute. He paused for a moment, allowing her to adjust to the feeling of both her holes being penetrated. Abby took a deep breath and moved her hand off his thigh. Tony then slid his cock farther into her ass, gently, getting it all the way inside her and pausing again for a few moments.

Nick let go of her and started gently rocking his hips, moving his cock back and forth inside Abby's pussy as he looked up and began licking Daphne's clit again, reaching up and sliding two fingers back into Daphne. Tony took that as a sign and began moving again also, sliding his cock back and forth in Abby's tight ass. Abby and Daphne started kissing again as Tony and Nick's cocks were buried deep into Abby's holes. She moaned and whimpered between kisses with Daphne. Nearly inaudible words of pleasure escaping both Abby and Daphne's lips, as the two of them enjoyed each other and their men. 

It didn't take long before Abby came so hard she began to squirt, her body writhing and twitching in pleasure, the orgasm overtaking her. It was like lightning bolts shooting through her entire body. Her orgasm leading way into Daphne being so worked up that she began to cum again, her juices surrounding Nick's fingers as he pushed them deep inside her and sucked her clit into her mouth while she came. 

Nick almost giggled as Daphne raised herself away from his face, her clit being incredibly sensitive after her orgasm. Nick motioned to Tony and he slipped his cock from her ass and stepped back. Nick pushed Abby off of him, causing her to whimper in disgust, as he raised himself up and moved, so Tony could take his place. Tony pulled Abby over the top of him and pulled her body down into his, his cock gliding into Abby's now soaking wet pussy. Nick moved to slid in behind Abby and slowly slipped his cock into her tight ass, filling both her holes again.

Daphne lowered herself, giving Tony access to her soaking wet pussy, and he began working his fingers into her, his tongue pressing hard against the nub of her clit as Abby rode him, and Nick buried his cock deep and hard into Abby's tight ass. Abby whimpered as her body was over taken with the sheer pleasure of being filled completely. She tried to hold back, but couldn't and she came again, her warm juices flowing over Tony's throbbing cock. 

Nick and Tony continued pounding Abby, pressing their cocks deep and hard inside her. Abby's body responding with orgasm after orgasm, one hand reaching around and pulling against Nicks ass, willing him to bury it deeper inside her, the other hand playing with Daphne's nipples as the girls started kissing once more. Daphne's body began twitching, her moans of pleasure becoming louder in unison with Abby's.

All four of them deep into each other's pleasure, their bodies in rhythm with one another, their movements almost automatic. The girls broke off their kiss and simply watched each other's eyes as Nick and Tony continued pleasuring them. Tony pressed his fingers deeper and harder into Daphne's warmth, his mouth wrapped around her sensitive clit. Daphne continued to orgasm, multiple times. Nick started moving his hips faster, his cock sliding in and out of Abby's ass; she writhed in pleasure as Tony raised his hips faster.

Nick finally began to cum as he buried his cock one last thrust deep into Abby's pussy, hitting her deepest G-Spot. Within moments of Tony's orgasm, Nick began thrusting harder into Abby's ass, the divine combination of pleasure and pain overtaking her entire body causing her to squirt her juices all over Tony's cock as he stayed buried inside her. With one final deep thrust, Nick exploded in Abby's ass. 

For a moment, they all stayed still, Tony and Nick's cocks still buried in Abby's holes, and Tony's fingers still deep inside Daphne's pussy. Daphne was the first to move as she slowly raised herself up and moved to lie on the bed next to Tony. Nick gingerly slid his cock out of Abby's ass, and then taking up a spot at the end of the bed while Abby slowly raised herself up and dropper herself over onto her back on the bed next to Tony. Nick moved himself over to lay with Abby, putting his hips between her thighs and his head on her chest. 

The four of them lay for a few moments, quiet, trying to catch their breath. Abby's body was still twitching just a little as she started to cool down. A smile spread across her face as Daphne leaned up on one elbow and looked over Tony at her and Nick. Abby simply couldn't resist and leaned over across Tony and kissed Daphne. Their tongues meeting, causing lightning bolts of pleasure to circulate throughout each other's bodies. 

After the girls broke off their kiss, Nick leaned up and passionately kissed Abby, she whimpered as his kiss deepened, her body warming again with the excitement she always felt from his kisses. Abby looked over out of the corner of her eye to see Tony and Daphne begin kissing also. Abby's mind raced thinking that was all the hype suggested, then banished her thinking and focused on Nick's passionate kisses. 

Abby shook her head and regained her focus, she found herself still staring at a blank page on the computer screen. A wry smile crossed her face as she realized she had just had the most incredible day dream of her entire life. She looked down and realized it was well past time to start dinner and that Nick would be home in a short amount of time. She stood up and set her computer down on the table next to her. She slowly walked into the kitchen and turned on the oven; giving it time to pre-heat she headed to the bathroom to take a shower. 

She undressed in the bathroom and turned on the shower, thinking back to the daydream she had just experienced. Abby was positive she'd never had a day dream like that before as she realized her pussy was so wet it was almost as if the daydream had really happened. She methodically washed her hair and conditioned it before washing her face and the rest of her body. Her clit ached as she slid took the shower wand off its holder and allowed the high pressure water to hit her clit. She reached down and slipped two fingers into her warm pussy as the high pressure from the water sent bolts of pleasure through her body. 

Abby moaned out loud as she brought herself to orgasm, not realizing that the bathroom door had opened and Nick was standing in the bathroom watching her through the nearly transparent shower curtain. She looked over at him and bit her lower lip in nervous embarrassment at him catching her masturbating with the shower head. A mischievous smile spread across his face as he undressed and stepped into the shower with her. 
