  The lady across from me relaxed and closed her eyes. The motion of the train was lulling her to sleep, as I watched, her magazine dropped from her hand onto the table between us. I had been watching her over the top of my paper for a few stops now. She was an attractive woman, smartly dressed, maybe 40, with light red hair and a decent figure. She seemed rather aloof; she had not even glanced at me when I sat at her table on joining the train. 

Now she was asleep, she was a choice player in my favourite travel game. I have this particular skill, or gift, you see: I can probe the minds of people, pulling out their thoughts and memories as easily as reading a book upside-down. That in itself could be fun, but finding secrets, those things hidden away from the rest of the world, was best of all. Even the most ordinary person often had an interesting memory or two tucked away. As the train rolled on, I put my paper down, sat back and concentrated on her.

I quickly found out her name; Sue-Ann. She was a primary school teacher, on her way to London for a shopping trip. She was married, with two sons. 

The surface thoughts always came out easily, I could see breakfast this morning, showering, sleep, sex with her husband, dinner last night, and so on. I browsed her mind, surfing the bright surface thoughts for a few minutes until I found what I was looking for; a darker patch, tucked away deep inside. That was a sure sign of a secret. 

I pushed close in her mind and tried to draw the memory out, to have her replay it for me. Fragments started to come out, teasing at first but gradually forming into coherence as I concentrated on them. To her my probing would feel like a dream, a distant memory re-surfacing; to me it would be like my own private movie theatre.

In the mist of her repressed memories were thoughts of a Christmas party, judging by the fashions and hairstyles of the guests, one held many years ago. As I pushed further into the web of the memories, images, snapshots, flowed. 

The end of the party had come..., 

...the guests had gone home except for one couple, new friends made that evening...

...Sue-Ann, her husband Tim, and John and Laura were tired, drunk, and wasted...

...Tim crashed-out on the floor snoring...

...laughter over the mess and the cleaning up chores ahead...

...music on, slumped together on the sofa...

...a joint produced and shared...

...a passionate John and Laura kissing noisily beside her...

...feelings of jealousy and lust rising in her...

...a laughing fall onto their laps, interrupting the kiss. 

"Hey guys, what about poor little me? I'm here, all lonely" the words spilled from her mouth, slightly slurred from the drink.

John laughed but kissed her too, first on her forehead, then her cheek and finally on her lips. Sue-Ann was drunk and excited. She found herself eagerly kissing him back, and licking John's lips as he finished. "Whoa, girl, you're pissed", he said with a grin as he leant back on the sofa. Sue-Ann giggled and nodded in agreement. Sliding down by wriggling her hips, she stretched out across John's lap and smiled up into his face. 

John smiled back with a quizzical look. Sue-Ann saw him glance at his wife Laura. She was still sat beside him and Sue-Ann's hips had slid up onto Laura's lap. Sue-Ann could feel Laura's hand gently stoking her legs. Sue-Ann lifted her head slightly and saw Laura lying back on the settee, her legs under her, grinning at her husband's predicament. Laura laughed, reached out and stroked the back of John's head. 

Sue-Ann joined in the laugh. She stretched her arms out behind her head, this pushed her tits up hard against her dress. She felt really wicked doing that, and really, really aroused. The evening of drinking, dancing and flirting had primed her, but her husbands collapse in the corner had frustrated her. 

 As the dream formed in greater and greater detail, I got myself comfortable. This was shaping up to be a fine way to spend a train journey. As the memories flowed, Sue-Ann too shifted slightly in her seat, her eyes still closed. 

At the touch of her hand, John turned to kiss Laura, but one of his hands started to caress Sue-Ann's hair. She loved having her hair played with, and sighed with pleasure. She wriggled down further so that her head was now on John's lap. Laura and John were now kissing passionately, Laura's hands were roving over his face and chest. From his lap, Sue-Ann could see their tongues fighting for position in each other's mouth. As they kissed, Sue-Ann could feel John's hard-on growing beneath her head. 

Laura finally broke away from the kiss and looked down to John's lap. Sue-Ann smiled up at her and closed her eyes with the pleasure. "Looks like one of your fantasies come true, John," Laura said quietly. 

Sue-Ann's dress had ridden up and fallen open as she had wriggled down on John's lap, and she knew she was exposing her stocking tops and French knickers to them both. She didn't care. Now, in addition to John fiddling with her hair, she could feel Laura tracing the line of one of her suspenders with a finger.

"Mmm, fantasies," Sue-Ann said distantly, lost in the pleasure of the couples' fondling. She sat up suddenly, smoothing out her dress. "Tell me about your fantasies," she asked, leaning back onto one elbow. John just laughed at her. "Come on, tell me one. Tim will never say, I think his must be just too rude!" Sue-Ann giggled. "Tell me then, what do men think about?"

"Just about any thing that moves dahling", Laura said in fake vamp accent, "and often in two's apparently" she added, looking at John. She then leant over and kissed him hard, lingering with her tongue on his lips. Their faces were no more than inches from hers, she could feel the heat of their skin. Watching them kiss that closely was turning her on even more.

"I have lots of fantasies" sighed Sue-Ann. The two lovers stopped their kiss and turned their heads to her. "Pirates, sometimes" she whispered conspiratorially. 

"Oh, what, you mean lots of them?" asked Laura in a low, teasing, voice as she brushed John's face with her fingers.

"Umm hmm, yeah, and sometimes all together" giggled Sue-Ann. She suddenly sat up straight again, apparently losing her train of thought. Arching her back, she asked John, "you like my tits?" She slid her hands up and cupped them towards him, licking her lips. "I like 'em, ...and so does sleeping beauty over there," she said with a nod to her husband, still slumped uselessly in the corner of the room. 

"They look lovely", John replied with a silly smile, "don't they Laura". There was a slight catch in his voice, he was nervous and excited. 

"Very nice, I'm sure," replied Laura, laughing as she added, "why don't you cop a feel then, sweetheart. You must want to, they are being offered ever so nicely". 

Sue-Ann turned and sat straddling Johns lap, "Oh yes, please have a feel John. Go on it's OK, Laura said it was OK". John snorted, smiled and moved his hands up to give her breasts a gentle squeeze through her dress. Sue-Ann turned to Laura, "can I kiss your hubby Laura?" she asked. 

But before she could get a reply, she launched herself forwards and kissed him open mouthed, her tongue flicking into his mouth. She stopped and pulled back. "Ohhh, I'm so sorry," Sue-Ann apologised to Laura. "I so sorry, I shouldn't have done that." Sue-Ann started to cry. John, still somewhat off balance by the turn of the events, looked to his wife. 

Laura leant over to her, "That's OK sweetie, it's OK, I didn't mind, stop crying, come here". Laura gave Sue-Ann, still straddling John's lap, a long hug. "Tell you what, sweetie, why don't we give him his Christmas treat", Laura added in a whisper as they hugged. 

"What trea...?" Sue-Ann asked, but before she could speak, Laura's hands cupped her face as she leant forward and started to gently kiss her. Laura's kisses landed on her nose, cheeks, eyes and then her mouth. Sue-Ann felt Laura's lips pulling and sucking at hers as she kissed her. Laura had moved one hand behind Sue-Ann's head and was holding her close. Sue-Ann's eyes widened with shock, but she couldn't move away. She could see John out of the corner of her eye, but Laura's face and black hair filled the majority of her vision. Sue-Ann opened her mouth to protest but Laura's tongue thrust deep into her mouth, pushing her own tongue to one side. Laura's tongue made it impossible for any sound other than "oh" or "mmmpph" to escape. Sue-Ann had never felt such a long tongue, it was frightening her, pushing in and out, to and fro in her mouth. It felt as if Laura was licking her back teeth. Sue-Ann started to panic, she couldn't breath, couldn't move.

Sue-Ann was still astride John, one of her hands still on his shoulders. The other was free, but just flailing about, with a mind of its own. She could feel John's hands roaming over her back and hips. She heard him say "Oh my God...oh wow Laura", and then a few moments later, with Laura still locked to Sue-Ann's mouth, he added "Oh, Jesus, look, what about Tim?...".

Laura's tongue left Sue-Ann's mouth as quickly as it had entered it. Laura moved slightly back but her arms were still around her neck, and she kept eye contact with her. Laura was biting her lip, breathing heavily, waiting for Sue-Ann to say something. Sue-Ann was vibrating with fear, or perhaps it was with excitement. She was hot, sweating, and as the initial shock of the kiss departed; she found didn't want to stop. She looked over her shoulder at her husband, now snoring. "Oh fuck him, let's not wake sleeping beauty" she breathed, and leant forward to Laura. This time it was her tongue exploring Laura's mouth. The two women kissed each other for a few minutes, with Laura still sat beside John and Sue-Ann still astride John's lap. 

John was fondling both women now, rubbing thighs and breasts through and under their clothes, kissing and licking their faces, shoulders and necks. Laura caught Sue-Ann's eye and nodded towards John. Clued in, Sue-Ann shifted her emphasis, and the two women both started to kiss him. 

As Sue-Ann kissed his face, she said quietly between pecks, "this is sooo wicked, I can't believe I'm doing this".

Laura responded just as quietly "I can't believe we are doing this either, this isn't quite our normal party trick, is it sweetheart?" Laura turned to John and they began to kiss deeply again. 

As she sat astride his lap, watching them kiss and probe each other with their tongues, while at the same time being fondled and petted, Sue-Ann felt is was the most sexually intensive feeling she thought she had ever had. Sue-Ann began to rotate her hips, driving her groin into John's lap. She could feel his hard cock through his trousers, rubbing up against her pussy. Laura moved aside, and Sue-Ann moved in to start kissing John. Laura was now nibbling and sucking at John's ear. As she sucked noisily at his lobe, she murmured "Oh you like that do you, you greedy pig. You like being fucked by two women then?" John was too busy playing with Sue-Ann's tongue to reply with more than a "mmmmhhhh". Laura giggled in reply and continued to suck at his ear-lobe.

Sue-Ann could feel Laura's hand brushing up and down John's chest, because she was pressed up hard against him. As she kissed him, she could feel Laura's hand moving down further to end up stroking John's now rock-hard cock through his jeans. Sue-Ann's grinding movements quickly trapped Laura's hand under her; she could now feel Laura's knuckles digging into her pussy. She felt her tummy tighten and flip with the pressure on her pussy and she moaned into John's mouth. Her pelvis ground down harder and faster onto John's cock and Laura's hand. Laura shifted her attention from John and started to lick at Sue-Ann's ear. "You like that hmmm? Go on girl, fuck my husband, fuck my hand you slut" she breathed into it. Sue-Ann moaned again with the excitement as Laura started to call her a slut and whore. "I can feel your wetness you bitch, you want my man's cock don't you, you want us to fuck you don't you, what are you hmmm? Are you a whore? Do you want us baby?" Laura breathed into Sue-Anns' ear as she taunted her. Sue-Ann could feel her hand, trapped under her crotch, move and jig against her.

Sue-Ann broke her kiss with John and turned to Laura, "oh fuck you, you cunt, just shut up and kiss me" she said through her breathless panting. Grabbing the back of Laura's head she plunged her tongue as deep into Laura's mouth as it would go. John had been busy in the meantime, and managed to open the top of her dress. She could feel him now trying to free her breasts from her bra. The three were pressed so close together that he was having trouble. Sue-Ann sat back slightly, and Laura lent a helping hand to unclasped Sue-Ann's bra, whilst still sucking at her probing tongue. John was now able to pull Sue-Ann's tits out of the cups and quickly started to suck at the nearest. He squeezed it in his hand and was alternating between rapid tonguing of her hard nipple, and drawing it deeply into his mouth. No words were being spoken, the only sounds were slurping noises, Sue-Ann at Laura's tongue, John at her tit. Sue-Ann felt that was in heaven, she loved having her tits sucked and squeezed, but it had never felt like this before. 

John sat back and started on his wife; Laura broke her kiss with her only long enough to allow John to unbutton her blouse. With all the fumbling, Laura's breasts had slipped from her bra cups; John grasped the nearest and started to alternate his sucking between both women's nipples. Sue-Ann was grinning like a madwoman as she stared into Laura's eyes.

 Under the intensity of the daydream, Sue-Ann squirmed in the train seat, but her eyes remained closed. Colour was rising to her cheeks as the memories, encouraged by my probing, flooded out. I had to move a bit also, my cock was stiff and straining against my trousers. I tried to discretely tuck it down my leg, but never lost concentration on Sue-Ann. 

Laura moved back from the group, and got up onto her knees on the sofa. John was busy sucking on Sue-Ann's right tit; Laura arched her back and cupping her left tit with her left hand, used her right to gently guide Sue-Ann's head towards her. Sue-Ann looked at the proffered nipple, and then up to Laura's lovely smiling face. She could feel each pull of John's suction at her own tit, and the gentle stroking of her hair by Laura. The sensations filled her world; the small breast, with a puckered erect nipple, shaking slightly with the heavy panting of Laura, filled her sight. 

She leant forward and lightly kissed the nipple held in front of her. She just touched it with the tip of her tongue. She heard Laura inhale sharply at the touch. Encouraged and excited by her response, Sue-Ann closed her eyes and let the tit slide into her mouth. Laura had small but very pert tits, Sue-Ann found she had practically the whole breast in her mouth. Her nose as pressed tight against Laura's ribs and the heat from Laura's body seared her face. As she sucked at the tit, she could feel Laura's every response. Laura was holding her head hard against her; John continued to suck and fondle her as she ground her pussy into his lap. Her hand moved of it own volition up and down Laura's back, finding its way under her skirt and stroking and squeezing her silky bum. 

Needing a breath Sue-Ann released Laura's tit. As she did, Laura swung around and offered it to her husband to suck, it was glistening with Sue-Ann's saliva. He took it in greedily, as Laura closed her eye's and moaned.

Sue-Ann had turned to face John again, and started to try to unzip his fly. It was difficult as she was still grinding her pussy into his cock.

"So you want to fuck my husband huh," Laura asked, "well I won't let you, his cock is mine see" she said laughing, putting on a Cagney accent at the end. 

"Oh pleeease let me fuck him" Sue-Ann pleaded in a little girl voice, "I've been ever so good this year".

"No, sweetie, that cock is mine, see!" Laura said emphatically. Laura had stood up and was now standing behind Sue-Ann, her arms encircling her just under her breasts. "...and I'll do anything to keep it that way, even ..... TICKLE you..." Laura started to tickle her, lighting digging her nails into Sue-Ann's sides and tummy. 

Sue-Ann started shrieking with panicky laughter "NO no nooooo, OK stop I'll leave him be, oh please stoooOPPP!" Sue-Ann was shrieking in laughter, Laura was giggling uncontrollably, and John was just watching them with a huge smile on his face. Sue-Ann stood up off of John's lap and turning to Laura, started to fight back. 

The tickle spree lasted a minute only, and ended with Sue-Ann sat down again, but this time between John's legs and with her back to him. Her dress was now fully open, her tits free, her bra held only by the shoulder straps, and one stocking fallen down. Laura was sat on the floor at their feet, dishevelled but still largely dressed. John was gently cupping and squeezing Sue-Ann's tits from behind, rolling the hard nipples with his fingers, while kissing her neck. Both women were panting hard from the exertion and the excitement. 

"What lovely legs you have, Sue-Ann" she heard Laura whisper, "so lovely and long. I wish I had legs like those". From her position on the floor, Laura was staring up at her, gently stroking up and down her legs and thighs. "And what pretty lacy things you have on," suddenly Laura got up on her knees and grasped Sue-Ann's knickers with both hands and started to pull them down, "I want them!"

Sue-Ann's hands went down to protect her knickers. "Nnooooo!" she screamed, a mix between a laugh and a cry. John laughed as his arms pinned hers back. "Noo, Laura what are you doing, you can't..." Sue-Ann continued to protest in falsetto "... nooooo, don't rip them, they're new!". John held her more firmly and then Laura managed to get her knickers fully off. She threw them over her shoulder. Sue-Ann looked down into Laura flushed face; she was breathing hard, her eyes smouldering and nostrils flaring. Sue-Ann was a bit frightened now, her eyes and mouth opened wide and she nearly screamed. 

"It's OK sweetie, shsh now," Laura put a finger to Sue-Ann's lips. She then placed both her hands onto Sue-Ann's tummy. Laura slowly pulled her hands down, brushing past Sue-Ann's pubes, and gently pushed them between her thighs. 

"No Laura, please don't do that, please", continued Sue-Ann, but quietly. She could hardly speak she was breathing so hard. 

Laura gently but firmly spread Sue-Ann's legs apart as she slid her hands down her inner thighs. As she reached Sue-Ann's knees, she lifted and hooking them over John's, and then slid her body forwards between her legs. 

Sue-Ann was panting heavily now, hardly able to catch her breath. She was too weak to resist. She could not take her eyes off of Laura; Laura in turn kept her gaze as she slowly leant towards Sue-Ann's pussy. Sue-Ann watched her stroke it gently with her fingertips. Thrills shot up her body at each light touch. She was soaking with excitement; the hairs were plastered to her skin with all her secretions. "Not only pretty knickers, John, but pretty pussy as well. I want it!" she breathed. Finally Laura moved her head in and started to kiss softly around Sue-Ann's cunt, around her inner thighs, around her mons, then finally on her cunt lips. 

"Ohh god no..., ...Laura stop that..., ...oh god..., ohhh Jesus...". Sue-Ann soon started to relax though, under the kissing and massaging by John, and the relentless kissing around her pussy by Laura. "...Laura stop oHHHH God that tickles". She was still protesting, but now giggling at the same time. 

Laura's long tongue was now playing over her pussy, she could feel it licking and probing into her. Sue-Ann lay back, closing her eyes, and panting, "Oh oh oh..." and with a final "OHHHmmmmmm" as she caught her breath with a quick intake of air. Laura had just found her clit with her tongue and the thrill of it had shot through Sue-Ann's body. Laura was flicking at it with the tip of her tongue, rapidly, then slowly with increased pressure. "That's fantastic, that's so goooood" Sue-Ann sobbed. Laura's tongue had felt large before in her mouth, now it felt enormous. The sensations as it flicked and probed at her pussy were far greater than anything she had felt before. Sue-Ann found she could not keep still, her hips were grinding her pussy into Laura's face, and she wanted Laura's tongue in her. "Ohh fuck me, suck me, oh you bitch, you fucking lezzie, ohh god that's so gooooodd". That last word started as a moan but rose in pitch to a shriek as she inhaled while speaking. Sue-Ann closed her mouth "MMMMMMMMM". Laura was pressed hard into her crotch and had taken her clit bud between her lips. Sue-Ann had reached down and, grabbing Laura's hair, was holding her head hard against her crotch. The sucking and pulling at her clit sent waves of sensation up her body; her tummy was doing flip-flops, like her clit was directly connected directly to her tummy. Sue-Ann had never felt anything like it before, it made Tim's half-hearted attempts pale in comparison. She turned her head to look at John, who over her shoulder was silently watching his wife sucking another woman off. All his attention was on that scene now; his fondling and kissing had stopped. Laura's black hair, eyes and nose were all that was visible to them both. The slurping, panting, and Sue-Ann's moans were all that could be heard. Laura was watching them both as she sent her tongue plunging in and out of Sue-Ann. 
