 I was born and raised in the little town of Roadville. The only reason the town of Roadville existed was that we were half way between a lot of other important places. Thus, there was need for gas stations, vehicle repair services, low-end restaurants, bars and girlie places.

There was also a need for people to staff the various dead end jobs available in Roadville. Thus Roadville High churned out a lot of mindless drudges who could convince themselves that being a grease monkey or waiting tables was some sort of reasonable existence.

At an early age I looked the situation over and decided that I wanted a ticket out. Roadville High did not have ticket out education. Thus, I majored in dice, cards, sports bets, etc. They call me Gambler. After I graduated and got my diploma, I would split for 'Vegas.

Just before I graduated, the highway bridges on either side of town were found to be structurally defective. Traffic would have to be re-routed around Roadville. The impact on the local economy was about the same as the aftermath of a hydrogen bomb.

If you owned a business, the state would pay you enough to survive, providing you shut down the business and waited for the bridge repairs. If you worked in one of the businesses, you were out of luck. Those who had saleable skills began to drift elsewhere. Most of the residents of Roadville did not have really saleable skills.

There was no money and thus no high school prom. The boys and girls who had just been screwed over by fate instead gathered at Benny's, the local teenage hangout. I went, only because Janelle picked me up. Janelle was the hottest babe in Roadville and the daughter of the man who had been one of the richest men in town. Unfortunately, Janelle's father did not own one of the highway businesses. Thus Janelle's father did not get the government handout. Janelle's father was bankrupt, although it would take a few months for the last of the money to run out.

I found myself at a table with half a dozen dynamite girls. I figured maybe I could get laid before I stole a car and split for 'Vegas. However, that was not why I had been invited.

After everybody said hello, Janelle got to work. "Gambler, the town is dying. None of the kids can get jobs here and anything they get elsewhere will barely pay the rent if they can get a roommate or two. However, Juanita has an idea."

Juanita was a tall, slim girl who was half Amerind. Nice looking babe, but she hung with the Amerind guys outside town. If we were poor, the Amerinds were destitute.

Juanita lectured: "The last two years, for my school project, I got all of the local Amerinds inventoried and we set up a tribe. We have no money, but we have the old airbase as our tribal lands. We want to set up a casino."

I said, "Nice try. However, there are other tribal casinos not all that far from here. They are already set up and fancier than anything we could throw together. Why would anyone drive back roads to maybe play a little bingo?"

Juanita asked, "Couldn't we have dice and roulette and like that? "

I told her, "It takes training and talent to run a table game like craps or roulette. Roadville does not have talent like that. Also, most of the income from a casino comes from slot machines. There is no way we could buy, lease or rent enough slot machines to carry a casino, even if we could get customers in here."

Juanita then asked, "If we could get customers in here, could we make it work?"

I thought a few moments and said: "It would depend upon the demographics of the customers, the disposable wealth of the customers and the rules under which the operation would be run. If you could get the right mix of high rollers with the right rules, it might work. I would need to work up a spreadsheet."

Janelle took over. "We are gonna have several highway repair crews working in the area for the next couple of years. Young guys with a lot of money to burn. What if we could get them in here night after night?"

I said, "Nice try. A hard, young crowd in here would need policing; not fat local cops, hard boys."

Juanita pounced, "Gregorio and his guys quit the service 'cause they wiped out their Special Forces operation. They are coming back and they need jobs."

I said, "Let's assume, just for the sake of argument, that you could get the road repair guys in here, night after night. That will run some sort of night operation for at least a while. Gregorio and his boys could keep the lid on. You would also need some daytime operations, so that people would not just wander through here days. You would also need to work the new, temporary highway. There are several other things that would need to be done. Some of them I can see, some I cannot. What you would need would be a King to run the whole operation. The people who used to run this town have given up. The people who are now running the town, or at least trying to run the town are no-talents who will run what is left into the ground. For what you want, decisions would have to be made on a right now basis, by one guy with absolute, unquestioned authority. You don't have anybody like that."

Juanita and Janelle looked at each other in triumph. They turned back to me. "We do now!"

I was jolted. I looked around the circle of girls. They wanted me, for what reason I could not imagine. But why?

Janelle suddenly looked very embarrassed. "You have to understand, there is no real choice for the girls here. The economy is in the toilet. For most of the girls in this town the road out leads to the city and work as a low paid waitress for the very lucky and as a whore for most. If we have to whore, why not do it here for big money?"

What the girls planned hit me like a hammer. I said, "It is easy to sit here and discuss whoring, but could you girls really do it?"

One at a time, the girls around the table told me "There is no other way." The grim faces told me that it was the truth.

I then told Juanita, "If we are to pull this off, everyone who stays will have to become an official member of your Amerind tribe. We will have to expand the tribal area to include everything between the highway bridges and from the far end of town over to the new, temporary highway. I will have to be the King, the chief, whatever. I have to have full support from the council."

Juanita asked, "What council?"

I said, "There will be a tribal council. There will be representatives from each operating area. How many representatives depends on how much profit each operating area brings in. The council will need to be made up of people who can kick ass if they have to in order to keep their people in line. In return, there must be a fair distribution of the profits. We don't need no screamers."

I then turned to Janelle. "Your family has some drag with the Governor. We will need some licenses, permits and some hands-off from the local authorities. In return, we will deliver the 100% vote."

Janelle swallowed hard, "We can try. We girls don't have much experience, but we all got pussy!"

I said, "Now you tell me how you get the customers in here."

Janelle took a deep breath. "We girls work nude. We waitress, we dance, we . . ."

Juanita chimed in, "We screw the brains out of the customers, for cash!"

Of course it was the only way the whole operation made sense. But there were still some questions. "OK, let's talk this through. A girl goes into the back room with a customer who is larger and stronger than the girl. The customer gets rough and nasty. Enforcement goes in right now and kicks rough boy out. How does enforcement know?"

One of the girls said, "We could yell?"

I said, "Only if the guy doesn't cover your mouth. Actually there is only one workable way and that is surveillance TV."

I glanced around the table. I could see the shock. The girls had resigned themselves to screwing but not to screwing on TV. Then, I could see the determination. There really was no other way.

I said, "OK, all of the girls who stay will work as they are told. Even the girls who sit on the council will have to whore; especially the girls who sit on the council. Girls will not do what other girls are not doing. Some of the girls who think they are too fat, too ugly, too dark, too light, or whatever will find themselves in a room with a guy who always wanted to find out what it would be like. Clear?"

It was clear.

I continued, "If we can set up the operation, I will get you a lady who has run a whore operation. She will setup the rules. Whoever runs the girls will enforce the rules to the letter. If there is trouble, the troublemaker will go."

One of the girls asked, "Who decides who is the troublemaker?"

I looked around the table, "I do!"

Another of the girls asked, "OK, why do you get to be King?"

I said, "We will set up a high way gas station setup, one on each side of the new road. The gas stations will sell gas, oil, cigarettes and booze. Many of the regular taxes do not apply on an Amerind reservation. Did anyone else see that?"

The girl who asked the question said, "No, your majesty!"

I said, "Good attitude! We will also set up a couple of legal chop shops. Cars are worth more as pieces than as a whole. Most of the local mechanics around here are Amerinds. Juanita, you will need to talk to your Amerind guys about that set up. Any problem?"

Juanita said grimly, "If there is, I have Gregorio."

I said, "The old military base has a machine shop. We need the income from the machine shop. Janelle, I need the Governor to sell us the military base for a dollar and some votes."

I went on, "We need the liquor licenses from the current package stores and bars in Roadville. We will pay as we go. It is a better deal than the owners will get elsewhere, the alcohol people are not approving license transfers what with the current economy."

"We will set up a laundry. The guys on the road crews need that and more. I need feedback on the more part. If you don't screw, you wash or more."

"If you do screw, you gotta pass the test."

Juanita and Janelle looked at each other. Janelle said, "Why don't the rest of you girls kind of pass the word, gently. Juanita and I are going to work out a test arrangement."

Very quickly, it was just the three of us at the table. I said, "Look, we don't even know that we can get everything lined up."

The two girls looked at me. Janelle said, "Yes we do. We figured out the screwing part some time ago. There is an old local lady with experience who can help us set things up. We didn't figure on the surveillance TV thing. However, it makes sense. However, I never thought I would screw on TV. Oh well."

Juanita then said, "I can get the Amerinds in line. They are the poorest people around here and they have even less choice than the rest. Gregorio will keep the boys in line, I will keep the girls in line."

I pointed out, "Juanita, we are all Amerinds now."

Juanita said, "That's right! It looks like we are all equal now."

I said, "Not quite, I am gonna need a few 16 year old Amerind slave girls, as long as they are actually 18, of course. Their hairless little pussies will be sold to perverts by their cruel Amerind masters. This last will include a couple of blonde girls who were taken captive as babies and forced to learn the secret Amerind sex rituals, etc."

Juanita gasped, then slowly said, "It would appear that the customers aren't the only perverts. However, it will be done, ah . . . your majesty."

I said, "Then we need to go back to my place. We will need to begin work on some spreadsheets, in between sex tests."

Both of the girls looked at each other. Janelle said, "You mean both of us, . . . together?"

I asked, "What if a customer wants a twofer with the best?"

We went back to my place. I made both girls strip in front of the group. Janelle got nude first and I put her legs over my shoulders. I directed Juanita to suck on Janelle's tit while I slowly and powerfully fucked Janelle. Janelle was a wild woman. The combination of Juanita sucking on her tit and me fucking her pussy had her bucking and writhing from the start. Unfortunately, I came along with Janelle, as I had been on short rations for too long.

Janelle ran off to the bathroom while Juanita began the process of getting me hard again. By the time Janelle got back, Juanita had gotten me back hard as a rock and I had got Juanita almost to orgasm. Once again, I fucked a girl with her legs over my shoulders as another girl sucked on her tit. Juanita came almost immediately, but I gave her no rest. With one fuck under my belt, I was able to continue to screw and build Juanita back up toward her second climax.

Juanita began the climb back up the hill toward her second orgasm while Janelle and I worked feverishly to make sure that Juanita gave her all. Juanita did not resist and even started to work on herself with a free hand rubbing just above the top of her slit. I was getting my entire length into the hot, wet pussy of Juanita while Janelle's tongue was doing wonders with Juanita's tit. Juanita was working on her other tit with her remaining hand and the little gangbang proceeded to a shattering mutual climax.

Afterward we three cuddled on the bed for a bit. Juanita asked, "Did I pass?"

I said, "So far so good. You both passed. Now, you two girls lay here and work on your next main showroom act. I need to get started on some spreadsheets."

Janelle was shocked and asked, "You mean we kind of work, . . . on each other?"

I said, "If the rumors I heard around school are correct, it won't be the first time!"

The two girls looked at each other and then turned to blast me. I departed immediately for the computer and the necessary spreadsheets.

I had just prevented my first revolt. The Kinging thing was going to be trickier than I had at first imagined.