 "So, what else is there to discuss, ladies?" Brent Daniels turned to the women who had seduced him that Friday night in his own house, his once and future girlfriend Summer Hardy and her girlfriend, Deanna Falkirk.

"Only things like ... where are we to live? How much do you think that we should spend on our honeymoon together, not to mention our wedding. How about it, babe? A triple, polygamous wedding, even though not legally binding, would be the stuff of legend in this county. Two brides coming to claim their bridegroom, a double bachelorette night, a bachelor party for you, maybe a hall pass for each of us that night, of course, given how wild it will be. You get the idea. The future. What we want to do with our lives together, that sort of thing. Should it be a church wedding, that kinda stuff," Deanna suggested, making herself and Summer wet from just the idea of a bachelorette party and making Brent hard from the thought of his hall pass.

"This could get pretty wild, you know, this whole sharing stuff, but I'm more than up for it. However, should we really plan too much upfront, or let some things develop naturally? Think of it. We don't yet know all of our future career plans, where they might lead, that sort of thing. My own career is more flexible as to location, but what about yours, ladies?" Brent observed.

"Well, I can teach anywhere, though I'd have to work to get tenure there, if we did move, you know. At first, though, I'd like to stay home and being a mommy while the kids are younger. Plenty of time to teach school when they go to school. That way, Summer and you can still work outside of the home, and well, you get the idea. Then, perhaps, if either of you wished, you could take a year or two off as a sabbatical and be homemakers. We could trade off, if you will. You're doing better than both of us combined, I believe, aren't you, Brent, honey? That will help with the money as well, as will having two incomes and still having a housewife at home," Deanna offered.

"Well, I'd like to be next to be Mama Bear, once you return to work. I would just want to know that, once I get back to working, Brent would help me land on my feet, if you will," Summer indicated that she wouldn't mind a hiatus from the career woman track, provided that her man used his Hollywood influence to get her some kind of work in broadcasting after being away from it for a bit.

"Works for me, if nothing else. Eventually, of course, I'll be the one to at least semi-retire from Hollywood and I can stay home, write my books, and help raise our kids. I'll be Mr. Mom at that point, if you will," Brent chuckled, "though most moms don't probably sit around and type while sipping highballs."

"Don't be so sure of that, dear. Who knows what will get me through a day of being a domestic goddess," Summer snickered, even as Brent and Deanna blushed and laughed with her.

"You'd have the goddess part right, for certain, as would Deanna. You're both a man's wet dream come true. Any man who wasn't gay or asexual, that is," Brent confessed, making them both giggle.

"Hey, we love our man and we want to show our love through the use of our bodies. Speaking of which, someone's rising to the occasion again, isn't he? How about we table further discussion until I get the little soldier to stand down?" Summer teased Brent, climbing on top of his stiffening cock before he could answer her.

"I wouldn't exactly call that a little anything, would you, babe?" Deanna interjected, causing the three of them to burst out into yet more laughter, even as Summer slid up and down on Brent's rod.

"Good point. Very much taken. As am I," Summer laughed some more, as she bounced on Brent's dick, reverse cowgirl-style, thus letting him see her ass a bit more while they fucked.

Brent had better control now, thanks to having screwed Deanna earlier. He still felt amazing waves of intense delight and pleasure take over much of his body, as his ex-girlfriend, now one of his new current girlfriends, ride him for the hell of it and squeeze his cock hard. Getting to bareback her didn't hurt, either, as she made it clear that she was more than happy to be one of his two baby mamas. Her blonde hair and tanned body were perfect variety and contrast to her girlfriend's brown hair, fair skin, and freckles. Brent correct himself there, looking at the Cheshire smile on Deanna's face: THEIR girlfriend. Deanna now belonged to both of them. She was lover to them both, as they were once more to each other.

For Summer, this reunion with her boyfriend was absolutely the best news since she took Deanna as a lover, and frankly, she couldn't have won him back alone. She owed her best friend everything. This was how it should be. She couldn't wait to be pregnant alongside Deanna with Brent's love children. She wanted badly to push baby strollers, side by side, with each other, both strollers containing Brent's spawn. This was what she should have been doing all along. She should made Brent their lover from the outset, seduced him into it, and never let him go. The idea of their future together, of being a family and parents, of raising children, of making love to each other in a menage a trois, that was too much for Summer.

"Give ... me ... your ... seed!" Summer begged, as she climaxed at last.

Already on edge, due to banging one of his girlfriends so soon after the other, those words were too much. He was excited enough from the feeling of her sweet buns in his hands, the sight of her fine, naked ass, the softness and wetness of her slick pussy, but Brent couldn't contain himself anymore. He exploded in Summer's twat and filled her with his spunk at last. They were fluid-bonded, all three of them. They were intimate in everything but one ... they still needed to pull a train, but that would come soon enough.

For now, basking in the afterglow of sexual congress with both of his sweet ladies was enough, especially after contemplating their future life together, as man and wives. Brent was truly happy at last. So were the ladies and that mattered just as much.