 * June 23 *

Hello again, Dear diary. I'll try to finish telling about the sleepover tonight. There's still a lot to tell!

I fell asleep in the bra and panties i wore away from the party, and woke up around 3am with a killer headache. I gathered up my stuff and padded quietly to the upstairs bathroom, down the hall from my bedroom, and took a quick shower, coming out dressed in a nightshirt with a towel around my neck. I climbed quietly down the stairs, carefully not looking at the various bodies sprawled sleeping on the living room floor in whatever states of undress or intertwinings they had fallen asleep in. I was in the kitchen, about to turn on the faucet to get some water to take my aspirin with when i heard some noises coming from the laundry room. A small voice in the back of my head, that i've come to believe must be the voice of whatever innocence i possess, said "Kelli, go to bed. Just walk away. Right now."

Unfortunately for that voice, i was already moving towards the door to the laundry room. The laundry room is fairly large, with a washbasin, a washer, a dryer, and a separate storage room on the far side of it. No light was spilling out of the not quite closed doorway as i got next to it. The sounds were still there, kind of a creaking noise, as i pushed the door a little further open, as slowly as i could. Finally, by wedging my body into the crack and lying on the floor, i was able to get some kind of view of what was going on.

The first thing i saw was the top of Shaun's head. He was lying on his back on the floor, his eyes closed tight, back arching in time with the motion of his lower body. I could only see down to his gorgeous stomach muscles, by way of his heaving chest. His forehead was damp with sweat. I wriggled forward a little more.

The strange angle of the room meant that i saw another guy next. I knew he couldn't be Shaun's partner, because he was too far away, which meant there was at least one other person in the room, if not two. It was Mike. He was sweating and groaning too, and obviously moving his lower body as well. I could see the both of them, all skin, obviously aroused, and it was turning me on big time. I could feel the cold floor through my shirt against my hard nipples as i wriggled further, pushing the door open a little more, until my whole head could fit. I thought about it for a few seconds, and figured that it was probably Stacia with Mike, and Marie with Shaun. Marie was kind of kinky, as i'd learned in the closet (and you're not? - shut up, stupid innocent voice!) and i could see her getting into watching the other couple as she and Shaun finished what we'd started in the closet. Why Stacia would do it i couldn't figure, but Mike was a guy, and i'm pretty sure he'd be into the group thing, too. His kiss during the contest may have been enough to persuade Stacia. So as i looked, i expected Stacia and Marie. What i got was entirely different.

I stuck my head around the door far enough to see the whole picture. I had pretty much guessed that Shaun had a woman on top of him from the way he was thrusting. I was half right. It was a woman, but she wasn't on top of him. Well, she was, but only part of her. Her head. And it was bobbing up and down really fast on his crotch as his hips thrust into her, his hands on her head pushing it down, again and again. His moans were coming pretty fast now, and they rebounded inside me as my breathing quickened. Then i realized that the head in his lap belonged to Christine. My sister.

I think i made a noise, but fortunately no one noticed. I couldn't believe that she was giving Shaun a blowjob, a really hot blowjob, on the floor of our laundry room. I couldn't believe she'd do that. I couldn't believe she was so good at it. And i really couldn't believe i was still turned on. Think that's bad? Wait.

I continued to look, wondering whether it was Stacia or Marie who was with Mike. Marie could still be involved, i was pretty sure - she seemed really into sex of all kinds. I moved my head enough to see... Christine's bare ass, with Mike on his knees pistoning into her from behind. While she sucked on Shaun's tool. My sister. In a threesome. On the laundry room floor. Getting face fucked by Shaun while Mike pounded her pussy. I didn't know what to think. I didn't know what to do. And then there was a noise behind me; i barely managed not to scream.

The action in the room was heating up, more moaning and groping and heaving and sweating. Shaun hand one hand on Christine's head now, entwined in her long blond hair and the other stretched out kneading her dangling breasts. Mike was ramming her faster and faster, but now his eyes were open, i was afraid to move at all to investigate the sound. Then i felt a body against mine.

I held myself rigidly still as the body wriggled against mine. Finally the movement ceased as Marie looked around the corner, now lying on top of my back as i lay on my stomach. Her weight was comfortable, her pelvis on my butt pushing me into the floor, her breasts pressed against my back. Her lips were just outside my ear canal as she whispered "whatcha doin?" then breathed "ooohhhh" as she took in the scene before us.

We fell as still as statues as they shifted positions. Mike climbed up on the washer and spread his legs wide. His cock glistened wetly in the small shaft of light from the storage room as Christine gripped it in her hand, licking it from top to bottom. Shaun took up position behind her and slid into her with a moan, one hand in her hair, the other around her waist. Mike moved his ass forward on the washer, forcing Christine to take him deep into her throat, which she seemed not to mind. I could feel Marie's heavy breathing on top of me, matching mine perfectly, her breath in my ear turning me on even more. I watched, and loved it. Am i a pervert? maybe. A voyeur? definitely. At that moment, i could only think of taking Christine's place, as i watched Mike's stiff cock sliding in and out of her lips.

Suddenly Shaun started to groan and thrust into her deep and hard, his hand pulling her hair. His orgasm triggered Mike's; he pulled out and sprayed white goo all over Christine's face. She might have cared if she wasn't trying not to scream. The strain was obvious on her face as her body shook violently with the force of her cumming.

"oh, fuck" Marie breathed in my ear. Then, realizing we were in danger of being spotted, Marie crawled off of me and disappeared. I returned to the doorway to the kitchen and made some noise, walked over and got some water loudly, then returned to my room. Silence from the laundry room - i'm pretty sure they didn't know i was there. I walked back up to my room, to find Marie already in my bed.

I'm not sure why. I'm not sure what i was thinking. I crawled into bed with Marie, wrapped my arms around her, and fell asleep. That was the beginning of an amazing friendship between us.

It's also the end of the sleepover tale. I'm off to bed. Goodnight, dear diary.

kel