 "Hi, Mr. Paris, what are you going to do for Thanksgiving?" The question came from Mae, his newly hired, twenty-three-year-old, part-time, paralegal.

"The same as last year, I guess, a Swanson's turkey pot pie and a football game." Everybody in the office knew that he had been divorced for over three years and had turned into a workaholic, dividing his time between the office and his bachelor apartment.

"Why don't you come and have Thanksgiving dinner with me and my roommate?" He was a bachelor again at 36 and just hadn't got around to begin dating again, but he still had an appreciative eye and had hired this very attractive, big breasted blond more for her physical attributes than for her nonexistent references. It was just lucky that she was also a good worker, intelligent and thorough.

Although he didn't relish spending an afternoon with a couple of young lovers, it was still better than being alone and eating another frozen TV dinner.

"I would love to join you, what can I bring?" He knew that in addition to working in his office she was also a part-time law student at the local college but he didn't know anything more about her or her boyfriend, not even his name.

She looked very happy when she said, "Okay, we'll see you at 2 o'clock on Thursday. If you like, you can bring a couple of bottles of wine."

He wasn't quite sure what they liked in the wine department so when he rang the doorbell on Thursday he had two bottles of a good white and two bottles of his favorite, a merlot.

His astonishment showed when the door opened to reveal a stunning, tall, slender, black woman, in a backless mini-dress. She was barefoot and it was obvious that she wasn't wearing a bra. "Hi, I'm April, Mae's roommate. You must be Mr. Paris. Come in, and have a seat. Mae is busy in the kitchen and will be out in a moment." She was at least five foot ten and one of the most beautiful women he had ever met. Her skin wasn't really black but a shade of bronze that was almost gold. He longed to reach out and touch it. 

She took the bag containing the wine from him and said "Oh, you brought lots of goodies. Just in time, we are all out. Which would you like?"

He was so taken by this lovely young thing that he just mumbled "Red or whatever you're having."

She was just turning to go into the kitchen when Mae came out. She was wearing very short shorts and a very revealing blouse, partially covered up by an apron. She was also barefoot. Her long blond hair which had been done up was beginning to fall in wisps and there was a dusting of flour on her nose and cheek. She was stirring something in a mixing bowl. All in all, she was a very appealing, very sexy, picture.

"I see you've met my roommate, April. She and I go to school together. We became friends because of our unusual names and nick names. She is really Mary Showers, hence the nickname April. My name is really Anna Flowers, but everybody calls me by my middle name, Mae. So, she is April Showers and I am Mae Flowers. Don't you think that's a gas?"

"You looked very stuffy in that coat and tie. Why don't you shed them and kick off your shoes and socks?" April had returned with two glasses of wine, one red and one white. Absentmindedly he took the red. "Help him, April." April set the other glass down and began taking off his tie while he took off his coat.

April undid a couple of his shirt buttons and giggled a little when she said, "Mae, how far do you want me to go?" It was obvious that they both had already had a few drinks.

Over her shoulder as she returned to the kitchen Mae said, "As far as you like. Just remember the main meal will be on the table soon."

Ken Paris just sat there as she worked her way down his shirt. She stopped at the next to last button and was smiling when she pulled it open a little and said, "There, that's sexy enough. Any more and we may not get through dinner. I better go and help Mae."

He sipped his wine and watched mesmerized as these two beautiful creatures drifted back and forth from the kitchen to the table bringing platters and bowls full of heavenly smelling food. He noticed that there was a lot of giggling and good natured horse play going on between the two.

Mae seemed to be in charge of arrangements. She indicated a chair and said, "You are at the head of the table, Mr. Paris, like the man of the house, April will be over there and I will sit closest to the kitchen."

The turkey was delicious and the meal went pretty much without incident except for the amount of wine that was consumed. At one point, because of the way they were acting and giggling he was sure that the girls were playing "footsies" with each other under the table.

When the meal was over, Mae stood up as if to take away some dishes and said, "Let me get some of the food off the table before we have desert."

It was an innocent enough statement until April said, "Here is some you can have," and flipped a spoonful of mashed potatoes across the table at her. 

It hit Mae just above the top of her blouse and it slowly slid down her cleavage, out of sight. With a roar of laughter she reached down and pulled out her left breast along with a handful of potatoes which she promptly threw at April. April retaliated by starting to toss dinner rolls back. A well aimed cup of gravy completely saturated the front of April's blouse making it almost transparent.

Ken sat there in amazement as these two playful women continued to pelt each other with all types of food from the table. Suddenly, they turned on him. A blob of cranberry sauce was rubbed into the hair of his chest through the open V of his shirt by April.

He couldn't help but fight back and took the opportunity to pull April's blouse open at the neck and pour in a generous helping of creamed peas. Next, he applied some butter to Mae's exposed breast.

Everybody was really getting into it, laughing and carrying on. He stopped to take a slug of wine and both women attacked him once, pulling off his shirt and dumping the carrots down the front of his trousers.

April said, "Oh God, I can't stand this" and took off her blouse, revealing small but perfectly formed golden breasts with darker nipples that were standing straight out.

"Me to," and Mae's blouse followed, exposing both of her big, beautiful, breasts. She just as quickly stepped out of her shorts leaving her clad in only a very skimpy pair of the bikini underpants.

April was slipping out of our mini skirt when she said "How about you, Mr. Paris. Don't you want to get rid of those carrots?" She began to undo his belt. When she pulled his pants down she exclaimed, "Oh, look at the size of that carrot!" His under shorts were soaked with the juice from the carrots and his semi hard cock was readily visible.

April, wearing only panties, the same type as Mae, knelt down in front of him and pulled his boxers down. Without another word she began to lick the carrot juice from his body. Her hand skillfully moved his cock from side to side so that she could get all around it, not neglecting his testicles.

Mae, from across the room said "I'll take some of that." She quickly joined April. They began to slide their mouths, in unison, from the base to the tip of his penis, one on each side, as if they were playing a harmonica. When they got to the tip, their mouths met and they kissed. Each time they did it the kiss lasted longer until finally they stopped licking his cock and were strictly kissing each other.

Suddenly, Mae jumped to her feet and made like she was going to get something from the table. April grabbed her from behind and pulled her panties off. Mae let out a shriek and ran and for the bedroom. April grabbed a dish of cranberry sauce and took off after her.

Ken was left standing in the middle of the floor with nothing on but his trousers around his ankles and a huge erection. He kicked off his trousers, picked up the butter dish and ran in search of the two young nymphs.

When he got to the bedroom, the most erotic sight he had ever seen greeted him. Mae was lying on the bed, knees bent and legs spread with April's face buried in her pussy. Somewhere along the line April had lost her panties too and her gorgeous, golden, ass was high in the air, facing him.

He wasn't sure how welcome he was in the bedroom at this stage of events, but he was just too aroused to care. With his hands lubricated by the butter, he began stroking the bronze mounds of flesh facing him. He knew everything was all right when she gave a contented moan and opened her legs a bit. His greasy hands slid into the crack of her ass and slowly underneath until he came in contact with her slit and found that it was oozing moisture.

He began rubbing the head of his cock against this nest of pleasure. She raised her head, looked back over her shoulder, said, "Oh yes," and pushed backwards into him until his cock was fully embedded in her pussy. He held onto her hips and began to slowly push and pull himself in and out of her. At the very apex of each stroke, when he was in her as far as he could go, he would stop and feel the muscles in her pussy contracting around his cock as if trying to milk the semen out of him. The silken tunnel that was enclosing his dick was the height of erotica.

In the meantime, Mae had pulled April's head back into her crotch so her tongue could resume its duties. Mae was almost shrieking, "Oh my God, yes, yes, now!" Her right hand was holding April's head in place while her left was clutching and clawing at the bed clothes. Her head was thrashing wildly from side to side. Suddenly, Ken saw Mae's entire body go tense and then, just as quickly, wilt. Each time April's tongue touched her clitoris she gave a little involuntary jerk. Finally, she pushed April away.

"Okay guys, its your turn," she said as she got out of bed on wobbly legs. "Come on Mr. Paris, lay down, face up, and let me fix things up for you." Ken did as he was told. Mae had April sit on his face while she lowered herself onto his flagpole like cock.

At first he didn't recognize the unusual taste of April's pussy, but then he realized it was butter. As soon as he was able to get that out of the way he found it was one of the most delicious he had ever tasted and certainly a hell of a lot better than fishy one he had gotten rid of a few years ago.

Mae, sitting on his cock was doing a wonderful job sliding up-and-down, back-and-forth and in-and-out. The two girls, face-to-face were kissing and fondling each other's tits. Each was bouncing up-and-down on their respective protruding pieces of his flesh.

Ken knew he would be next. He could feel the mighty charge building in his loins. Every stroke Mae made brought him closer and closer until he finally he couldn't hold back any longer and exploded. He could feel the muscles of his body pumping squirt after squirt of his cum into her waiting vagina. Like her, he felt he needed to wilt, but, he also knew he had duties to fulfill for April.

As soon as he caught his breath he renewed his efforts to find April's clitoris and drain the sweet nectar from her body. Between Mae sucking on her breast while fondling the other and Ken sucking on her love button while rubbing her ass it didn't take long. She was not as vocal as Mae had been but Ken could tell when she reached her climax. She shuttered and raised her body so that her pussy was out of reach of his tongue. When he raised his head and gave it another lick she almost jumped out of bed.

Mae was being troop leader again when she said, "Okay guys, let's have a shower and do it again, only this time I want to be at the head of the table and sit on Mr. Paris' face."

So, for desert, they did it again the way Mae wanted and it was just as good. Later, when they were lying in bed with Ken in the middle and a girl on each side of him, April said, "You should come to dinner more often."

"I would like that."

"Okay, how about next Sunday? But be more casual and wear something red, were going to have spaghetti!"

 Footnote;

Ken learned too very important things that day;

1. Paris is wonderful in April and just as good in Mae.

2. April Showers can make Mae Flowers cum.

Written by E J Sheeran. Copyright (c) 11-16-2000 by E. J. Sheeran. All rights reserved. This work, in part, or whole, is not to be distributed, reproduced, transmitted or posted, in any manner, without the express written permission of the author.