 Hi Jim, 

It was so nice to finally meet you, I was afraid it might be awkward but not at all thanks to you. You made me feel so welcome in your home. 

What a lovely dinner, expertly prepared and wonderfully presented with excellent company! One couldn't ask for more. Lori's outfit was very nice, very sexy without looking trampy, you done good brother!

 Lori looked, well, amazing! Her skin is so wonderful, I don't know if she told you but that's a fetish of mine, great skin! Love the feel of hers against mine. 

I guess you'd like to know about the rest of our most recent evening eh? Well, we got to the club slightly before 10p.m., it really starts to heat up about then, and I didn't want either of us to miss any action.

Lori say's you've not been there before so let me tell you a little bit about it. It used to be a small motel with a restaurant/dance floor. Now it's a swinger's club with each of the rooms having a different theme or being group rooms. 

There is a hot tub and pool area that have been enclosed so you don't have to go outside at all to get around. The entire place is clothing optional though they do require some sort of cover-up in the non pool areas. Lori's semi sheer sarong was perfect!

When we arrived, we first headed for the dance floor picking up a of couple drinks along the way (no alcohol unless you bring your own). Lori is an excellent dancer! She really wowed to crowd with her moves, especially in that outfit! WOW! 

Between her body, her outfit and her dancing it was pretty much blood in the water to the sharks (Male and Female) there. Plenty of offers to party! Lori was in no hurry though so we danced some and decided to hit the hot tub. 

It was a wonderful night and they have a hole in the enclosure over the tub so you can enjoy the night sky. Of course the tub area is clothing optional, discouraged even, so Lori was really in her element as we entered the tub and started some heavy kissing and fondling. 

Needless to say, we drew a crowd! And consistent with our experience at my place, the crowd really seemed to stimulate Lori, she was getting very aroused and seemed to step up in her arousal with each new arrival to the tub. 

Our heavy duty make out session soon evolved into my eating her pussy as she sat on the side of the tub, she actually asked me to do it so she could watch the watchers again! I think we have a blossoming voyeur who is also an exhibitionist! What a wonderful combo wrapped up in an incredibly hot woman.

A couple of the guys did approach her for blowjobs as I went down on her but she declined, well, more accurately she issued them rain checks for later. 

What really blew me away though (no pun intended) was when one of the women approached her and started to rub Lori's tit. At first i think she thought it was another guy and started to pull away, but then realized it was a woman and simply groaned deeply and pulled her head to her tit and her eyes rolled back. 

I tell you Jim, it was as if a signal went off, each of the several women in the tub moved to Lori's side and began to rub and stroke her body, one kissed her deeply as another joined the first at her other tit.

Soon I was pushed aside as yet another woman took my spot between those wonderful legs. Lori's eyes opened briefly to survey the scene in the mirrored walls and started moaning non stop! 

Her eventual orgasm was astounding to watch. Of course I've seen her cum many times but never from such a vantage, powerfully erotic is all I can think to say about it. 

One by one the guys who had been stroking began to enter woman who were radiating from Lori like spokes of a wheel. I figured since one had taken my spot between Lori's legs I ought to bury my very hard cock in her pussy, so I did. She groaned into Lori's pussy which opened Lori's eyes for an instant to see me buried balls deep in her new friend and earned me a very sexy smile. That seemed to push her over the top again into another cum though. 

It's likely just as well though that she orgasmed at that instant as her pussy licking buddy was useless to her now as I pounded her and the rest of the spokes also were overtaken by their own fucking and began to drop from Lori's body. 

Lori really amazed me when she got up and came around behind me as I was pounding this woman and snuggled up really close to match my thrusts. 

I could feel her hard nipples in my back as she essentially fucked this woman with my dick. Lori reached around and took my cock in her hand to drive it into this woman with her hips driving mine into her. 

She was speaking softly in my ear and licking it as she did this, telling me to 'fuck her, fuck that pussy for me' all the while stroking my cock on the outstroke and rubbing my balls. 

Lori then whispered 'fuck her ass for me' as she pulled my cock out of her pussy and slid it between the woman's ass cheeks, eliciting a moan from her as well. The woman tried to put my dick back into her pussy but Lori wasn't having it, keeping my cock head sliding across her clit, through her folds and across her ass. Nudging her ass a little harder each time. 

Soon the woman looked back over her shoulder at us and said 'yesssss, fuck my ass..' 

Lori actually squealed at that and started to slide my cock into the woman's ass. I don't know which of the three of us moaned more deeply or more loudly at that. About half way in Lori released my cock and grabbed the woman's hips and pulled her back onto 'our' cock. 

That set the woman off and she shuddered deeply and started to literally howl! Lori, quick wit that she is, reached through our legs and buried her fingers in the woman's now vacant pussy! The howl turned to a shriek and she spasmed repeatedly on my cock.

 I grabbed her tits to keep her face above water as Lori pistoned her hand into the woman's pussy throughout. Soon though it was clear that this partner was finished so we disengaged and sat back in the hot water to catch our breath. Of course there were many offers to go to the rooms, but Lori politely declined them all.

After a few minutes we decided we were in desperate need of a drink so we grabbed a couple towels and headed back to the dance floor. Now apparently nudity isn't the norm in there but also isn't against the rules so we didn't dress, fortunately they ran a tab against the entry fee. 

As you can well imagine, Lori caused more than a few eyes to raise, among other things, as we entered. 

When we started to dance again it really got interesting as she again declined all the guys but did dance with a few of the women, usually requiring that they also disrobe to dance. Needless to say, I was hard as nails and had not yet cum so this was torture. 

Finally I cut in, well, my cock actually, as she was dancing with a small redhead with enormous tits.

I told her we had to go fuck, now! I said her friend can come with us but I need to go fuck you now. 

Lori laughed and turning to her friend, said "I guess we better go, care to join us?' The three of us headed for one of the rooms almost on the run, laughing as we went. 

We found an interesting room, it was a small room with a mattress in the center and a false wall around it with various sized holes placed at different heights from the floor. We puzzled at that, the redhead giggled, and we fell to the mattress in a tangle. I kissed Lori as, I guess, 'red' engulfed my cock in her mouth. She was the 2nd best cocksucker ever! We both know who's number one don't we Jim! 

As wonderful as her mouth felt she soon started to get distracted, I soon figured out why as I reached for her pussy to find Lori's fingers already busy. We broke our kiss and I soon lost Lori's mouth as she dove down to begin eating Red's pussy. 

It wasn't shaved completely but rather neatly trimmed and yes, she's a natural redhead! 

Well, that left Lori as the only one not being orally pleasured so I quickly fixed that with my mouth! We had quite a daisy chain going about now when I noticed a hard cock protrude through a hole in the wall. 

Red squealed, released my cock from her mouth, and moved over to the wall, much to Lori's dismay as she was really into eating some redheaded pussy! Has she done that before? She hadn't with me nor had she mentioned it.

Lori and I watched Red go to town on that cock and soon another poked through, Lori squealed in delight and moved over to it, taking it deeply in her mouth and then stroking it, studying it. 

Well both of these hot ladies were on their knees sucking cock with their tight asses up in the sir so I moved over and started to slide into one of them. I pumped her good and hard until she started to get into it good when I would switch to the other and give it to her until she started to moan and then I switched back. 

This went on for a while until I noticed a set of very nice tits poking through a pair of holes in the wall, so i moved over and began to suck on them. soon there were more cocks and the girls moved from one to another with Red turning around and backing her pussy up to the wall to be filled by one anonymous cock.

I was soon offered some fingers through the wall and inserted my cock to be sucked, I thought, by some anonymous lips. Instead I found myself sliding into a very wet pussy on the other side of the wall. 

She set up the rhythm and I just enjoyed, boy did she have fine muscle control!

Soon though I felt two hands on my shoulders and turned to find Lori and Red pulling me from the gloryhole room, still hard and still without having cum! 

The girls, however both looked to have enjoyed themselves as dry and not so dry cum hung from both of their faces, tits, hair, and asses. They directed me into another room that was brightly lit and seemed to have camera and sound equipment.

Red said 'let's make a movie!' and we joined two other couples who were finishing up on the mat. Lori engulfed my cock as Red lowered that snatch to my face, I was in heaven and clearly, both of the ladies were into the exhibition.

 I hadn't noticed but there were, in effect, bleachers set up around the room. A crowd began to gather and they were getting their money's worth! Lori released my cock from her magical mouth and climbed aboard, going balls deep on the first stroke. Red turned to face Lori and they kissed deeply just above me.

Red then moved between my legs and sucked my balls and Lori's ass as we fucked. Lori went nuts and came violently rolling off my cock and urging Red to take over riding me. 

She did so in spades! That girl can ride! Soon Lori took Red's place between my legs and tongued my balls and Red's ass, until Red reversed so Lori could lick her clit as we fucked!

Lori really surprised me though when she reached back and inserted one of my big toes into her pussy and began to ride it like a short cock! Well between the several near cums and all the sucking and fucking I finally got to where I couldn't take much more so when Red came hard on my cock and her very talented pussy damn near sheared me off I started to cum too, filling her with the first couple of shots before Lori could get me out of her and suck the rest of my load down. 

I was spent but sure did enjoy watching Lori clean up Red's pussy and suck my cum from her. Remind me, I have it all on dvd.

Lori and I took a quick shower and dressed, more or less, and headed to breakfast, she said she wanted to be home when the kids woke up. 

So I dropped her off about sunrise this morning, we were both tired and a little sore and completely fucked out, for now. 

Red (Lori tells me her name is really Beth), and her room mate will be joining us on the lake next weekend. Just occurred to me, I never did find out if the room mate is male or female. No matter!