 Gosh Jim I'm sorry for the delay, I'm simply worn out! You should have come with us to the lake man! That boat is awesome! We sure put it to good use too. I mentioned that 'Red' from the club was coming with Lori and me and bringing her roommate/lover 'Al'. What I didn't know is that Al is short for Ann Louise, a more hardcore lesbian half of the couple, although not strictly lesbian as we all found out. 

Speaking of finding out, you didn't tell me Lori LIKED to be restrained! what a revelation that was! It all started out innocently enough, we picked up the boat and you gave me the excellent tutorial, thanks. BTW, did you pick out that killer swim suit of Lori's? WOW that was hot, although she may as well have been nude. The poor kid at the marina actually fell off the dock when she climbed out of the truck and showed him that wonder of an ass!

We stopped and picked up Al and Red at their place, Al wasn't too happy to see me but was delighted to see Lori, who was a little apprehensive to be honest once Red explained their arrangement.

Simply put, they are living as a lesbian couple with an open relationship, free to have sex with whomever they choose, with or without the other. Red is more Bi and likes a stiff cock from time to time, a real cock, not a strap on, whereas Al doesnt seem to want a guy at all. She says she is strictly girls, although, as we found out, she does accept a cock when the mood hits just right. 

The four of us hit the marina, Al and I up front, Lori and Red in the back seat, necking and groping all the way, damn them.

When we got to the marina the girls stayed in the truck as I put the boat in the water, Red and Al were useless with the boat so I grabbed Lori to back the boat off the trailer and take it to the dock as I unloaded the other two and parked the truck and trailer. When we got to the boat Lori was in stitches, the kid was climbing out of the lake and there was a crowd gathering around the boat to check her, Lori, not the boat, out, it was like the parting of the red sea though as they saw Al and Red following along behind me and climbing on board. A couple of guys actually clapped! 

The boat ran great and the girls really took advantage of the sun, working on their tans as I tried to drive. Doggone women kept grabbing my cock and sucking me and such, made it hard to really open it up. 

The three of them did leave me alone to find the special cove we talked about when the three of them got busy in an all girl daisy chain of pussy sucking, damn that made it 'hard' to drive!! 

Al really eats pussy well I guess, judging by Lori's response, I've never heard her like that, giving orders and wailing in orgasm like that. 'Eat my pussy, finger my ass bitch, get over here and sit that cunt on my face!' stuff like that. Did I mention it was hard to drive the boat? 

Somewhere in their threesum we all learned how really excited Lori gets under restraint, Red was riding her face and Al was sucking pussy and then stopped and moved to her head, I thought to trade with Red but rather, she took hold of Lori's arms and pulled them over her head and simply held her spread out like that as Red continued to ride on Lori's tongue. Lori exploded with that, came so hard she had to stop. The proverbial light bulb went on over my head and Al's at the same instant, we looked at one another and smiled, we knew where it was going! I was quite surprised though when Al joined me in the, aptly named, cockpit.

Now I expected nothing from Al but the visual treat but when she joined me I was watching Red stroke her self lazily while Lori was recovering. Red looked me square in the eye and smiled broadly, and to my surprise, Al took my hard cock in her hand and began to stroke me. She just looked at my surprised face, smiled, and said she preferred girls but wasn't vegan about it or anything!

I cut throttle as she dropped to her knees and began to suck me deeply into her mouth, seeing that Red came to join us, initially watching while she stroked herself but soon she came up and began to kiss me, to rub my balls and ass as Al continued with the deep throat action on my cock. For someone who prefers girls she really takes a cock well, I mean REALLY well. 

Red moved behind me and began rimming me as AL continued her magic. Lori regained her senses and realized what was going on, joining us but simply watching, pinching her nipples. occasionally stroking her pussy. 

As you can imagine, I couldn't last long with all that attention and announced my impending cum, Al really surprised me by driving my cock deep in her throat and using her throat muscles to milk the cum from me. Red's tongue was well up my ass and Lori stood in front of me, nipples hard as rocks and three fingers up her snatch. Keblewy! I came, and came hard. Poor Red almost was crushed when my legs buckled. 

I sat down hard in the seat to catch my breath and saw our new friends move to Lori and take her to the bow where they bent her over the rail and tied her arms to it like a flying woman figure head and her legs apart to the bench. that opened her up some to where I was looking squarely between her legs as I drove the boat. Her freely swinging tits hanging out over the water sure elicited some responses from our fellow boaters too!

I finally found our destination and as we entered the small cove I noticed a small jon boat with a young kid in it, 18, maybe 19 years old, paddling for shore with a single long oar, clearly he had been fishing and his small trolling motor had quit on him, now he wisely was trying to make land before dark. He heard our engines and turned to wave us down and damn near fell out of the boat when he saw Lori spread out there like a living, NUDE, figurehead. 

Al and Red both started to giggle and went for cover-ups, but I told them, give him a thrill, so they started to wave at him, bare assed and with enough enthusiasm to make their tits jiggle. Hell, I got to watching their show and damn near ran the poor kid down! 

He was dumbstruck and just stood there in his boat as I idled up next to him. I asked him if he needed help but by now we were slightly ahead of him and as he looked past the girls he could see Lori's ass and well used pussy gaping at him from the bow. I thought I was going to have to dump him in the lake to get his attention, but finally he turned to face me, which dropped his jaw again when he noticed I was as nekkid as the women and almost as hard as he clearly was! 'Tow?' was all he could croak out. 

I tossed him a line and then pulled him aboard once his boat was secured and we headed for shore. Now Al and Red were camping it up, rubbing each other and so on, moving to Lori and giving her ass a smack or her pussy a lick when Lori complained of being both sore and frustrated because she couldn't see our guest. 

As the girls helped her down she turned and said 'mmmmmmm, now if you want a ride buster, you have to be in uniform' and moved to him and started to strip him. He must have thought he'd died when Lori started on him and gone to heaven when the other two descended on him. I just chuckled and said 'welcome aboard!'

Lori was on her knees now having stripped off his shorts and had him fully in her mouth, lucky kid, as Al was busy sucking his face and Red moved behind him and began to kiss and nibble his back. I told them to hold on as I beached the boat and that was the one instant his cock wasn't someplace warm and wet for the next hour. 

I thought they were going to use the boy up! all of them coaxed a load from him and I pounded Lori while Red was riding the kid and Al was being eaten by Lori, a damn hot time my friend. 

The immediate horniness somewhat taken care of, we all swam for a bit to rinse off and began setting up our camp. He was stuck for the night so he bunked with the four of us in the big pavilion tent. There was surprising little sex that night as we were all about spent by the time we had camp ready, had food, drank some and I secured the boat. 

Red and Al did have a little couple time to remind each other that they were a couple. The three of us, (Bob, Lori and I) got bothered by their antics and got into it ourselves pretty good. Lori tells me that was her first DP, never would have guessed the way she handled us and urged us to fuck her holes like that. Very hot!!

Bob did tell me it was his first experience with anal but wouldn't be his last. We made a lot of noise, well Lori made a lot of noise, to where the lezzies had to stop and watch. they both called 'next!' about the time Bob filled Lori's ass with his jizz and when she pulled off my cock they both devoured it, licking the juices off of me before I filled Al's mouth with my own load. Red was busy cleaning up Lori's ass and missed it. Bob regained his hard on (oh to be 18 again!) but we all sort of drifted off to sleep before he could be taken care of again.

I woke up early the next morning and slid out of our shelter to get water going and so on, enjoying the sunrise and basking in the glow of great, unrestrained, uninhibited sex we'd enjoyed the previous afternoon. took a couple pics of the sleeping beauties and of the sunrise across the lake. Very nice.

But something about sleeping with all those hot, smooth females triggered a memory in my brain. this of course triggered a memory in my cock!! I recalled that Lori occasionally seemed to like being restrained, and from what I saw the previous day that was clearly the case. Sooooo, I snuck into the tent and eased her into a spread eagle position and tied her legs to one set of poles and her arms over her head to another pole, she was beautiful in that position, how she slept through it all is a mystery, but she sure seemed to, maybe you can confirm if she was really as asleep as I thought. 

Once arrayed I began to very lightly lick and nibble on her nipples, which as you know, rose to exquisite hardness. She tried to squirm but, of course couldn't, she also began to moan, deeply and softly at first but with increasing volume. Still seemingly asleep. One by one our companions awoke; Bob was hard as steel and I must say, quite impressive! 

Not sure if it was the unrequited hard-on from yesterday or a new one but it doesn't matter. Red started to absent mindedly stroke him as she watched me work over Lori's tits. 

Al seemed fascinated; she was so enraptured by the scene I wasn't quite sure what to make of it, perhaps a long suppressed fantasy, or else one she didn't know she had. She was the one who suggested the blind fold though. Once blind folded I put my finger to my lips and urged the four of us to remain silent, took some of my precum from my cock and rubbed it across Lori's lips, the greed with which she licked it off surprised me! and her mouth remained open her tongue searching for more on her lips. 

I motioned to Bob who now did the same, with the same sort of response, now accompanied by a deep moan. Red reached down between her legs and was about to duplicate our action when I stopped her, licked her fingers clean and applied my own fingers to her pussy which, of course coated my fingers and which I then applied to Lori's lips. She was smacking them in anticipation. 

I reached for Al to do the same but found that Bob had beaten me to it. This went on for a while with the girls each taking juice from Bob and I, each sharing with Lori and sampling themselves and Bob and I both were doing the same with the girls, sharing some with Lori and sampling some ourselves. 

Lori was really aroused by now and leaking like crazy so in unison we all took our fingers and scooped up her arousal and after sampling her ourselves, we shared her own juice with her. She was on fire!! I don't know if she realized that it was herself she was tasting or what but she was softly but forceful chanting ' fuck, fuck, fuck ...'

Well as hot as Lori was, the rest of us were equal to her. I heard some grunting as Bob was thrusting deep inside Al doggy style with Al merely inches from Lori, who could clearly feel Al's hot, ragged breath on her tit. 

Red and I looked at one another and silently mouthed wow! to one another as she lay back with her head between Lori's legs, just touching her pussy and reached for me. I moved between her legs and slid in completely on the first stroke. Each subsequent stroke forced Red's head to bump Lori's open cunt lightly. Lori was really into it now, begging for something, anything in her mouth, in her pussy, in her ass.

It was eerily quiet as we all fucked against Lori's restrained body, quiet except for Lori's moaning and begging. I could tell Bob was close, because I was, and from his thrusting becoming rather spasmodic, I touched him lightly and mouthed the word 'mouth' while pointing to Lori's frantic tongue. 

Red caught on and moaned deeply before she caught herself and all was dribbling her own spit onto Lori's nipple, looked up and caught on through her own nearly orgasmic haze. that did it and Bob withdrew from Al and squeezing his cock hard, he offered the head to Lori's lips, she engulfed him with such incredible vigor it was amazing! 

He released his cock, gave it a stroke and flooded Lori's mouth with his spunk! He did save a few spurts to coat her lips and face which was hot watching her tongue search for the remnants. Before she had captured it all though, Al moved to her face and flooded her with her own cum, squirting forcefully all over Lori's face before settling down and having Lori lick her off to a second rapid orgasm. 

Red had moved to her hands and knees so she could watch, and when she saw her lover spray Lori's face groaned involuntarily before catching herself and biting hard on the sleeping bag that Lori was soaking with her OWN juices. Red's groan, coupled with Al on her face and everything else really set Lori off, she sprayed the top of Red's head with her cum before Red latched on to her cunt and sucked the juice from her through her orgasm. 

About the time Lori started to go back to just writhing about, Red pushed Al to the side and climbed on board Lori's face for her own cum, leaving my ready to explode cock swinging in the breeze! So I pushed it deep inside Lori as Red rode out her own cum on Lori's face. 

After just a few fast strokes I had had enough and lifted Red off Lori as My cock plunged into Lori's mouth to empty itself down her throat. She took it all and then some as I had

to forcibly extract myself from her suction. We were all spent, except of course the kid, who was hard as a rock again! Oh to be 18!! 

Al and Red took one look at him and moved outside to take advantage of the hot water, leaving Mr. Everready, Lori and freshly spent me alone in the tent. Lori still savoring our collective juices moaned and said weakly, 'let me up, gotta pee'. Poor Bob, another perfectly good hard on unattended to I thought as I moved to release Lori. with the blindfold off she grabbed me hard around the neck and kissed me hard murmuring thank you over and over, I guess she liked.

As she shakily moved outside she spied Bob's erection and told him 'hold that thought, be right back!' and off she went.

Lori returned from the woods and joined the other two girls in the lake, washing up, washing each other, enjoying the warm day, the sun, their nudity, each others nudity, just enjoying life. Lori sashayed out of the water and hollered to Bob, 'Kid, get that cock out here and fuck me!' that brought laughter from Al, Red, and I and embarrassed Bob no end but he and his hard cock answered the summons. 

Lori saw him come out of the tent and literally licked her lips and said 'I'm going to enjoy this one, you bastards have gotten me really worked up with that stunt' and wiggled her finger at Bob. As he approached her, she placed an arm on his shoulder, tilted her head up and with her free hand, pulled his head to her lips, kissing him deeply. As the kiss deepened their bodies melted into one another and soon her hand fell from his shoulder to his ass, stroking him and caressing his ass, pulling him hard to her.

She pushed him into one of the camp chairs and climbed onto his lap, impaling herself on his cock with a deep moan form both of them. That chair took a beating brother, a real beating! Lori rode that boy hard and deep, their lips locked together, tongues dancing as she drove herself onto his young cock. No doubt who was in charge of this fucking, she was going for her pleasure and her pleasure only, if he enjoyed himself along the way, fine, but she was getting herself off, hard and often. 

Got to give the boy credit, he stood tall for quite a while, longer than I probably would have with her mouth, her nipples dragging across my chest, and that wonderful pussy covering my cock. A sight to behold as she rode that boy. Al, Red and I just watched, we moved up to watch close but we just watched, we were witnessing a work of art and knew it. Jim, you'd have been proud at how well she rode that cock, totally focused on the fucking, bound to extract every drop from his nuts, to feel every cell of his cock.

A spectacular fucking to be sure.

Lori was quite successful though, she did cum often and she did cum hard, he gave a mighty groan and near blew her off his cock when he came, spunk running out of her, pooling in the chair beneath them. they were both well and truly spent and I think they both dozed off, his cock buried in her pussy, she draped across his body, head resting on his shoulder.

Red, Al and I moved off to give them space to rest and began lunch, we knew they'd both be famished, we were and we'd had a relatively sedate morning!

Al Red and I were fixing lunch, not much beyond the double entandre type stuff about hot dogs and buns and what not. Al did slap a bun on my cock and offered Red a 'Bite', which I declined and left them laughing at their joke. Lori joined us shortly proclaiming that she was famished, Bob just lay back in the chair and was either dead or sleeping, and since he was ready to eat later I guess it was sleep. 

We had a couple fishermen come into the cove, not sure when exactly, sometime during the Lori/Bob show, but although they were close enough to spit at; they wouldn't join us on shore despite the three very naked sirens urging them to. 

After lunch we decided to swim some, got the morning sweat and juices off everyone and really served to perk us all up. Soon, the playing around resumed when Lori swam up to me wrapped her legs around my waist and her arms around my neck and kissed me. Telling me how she'd been having so much fun but that she had missed my cock in her. Well needless to say we decided to rectify that in pretty short order! 

She continued to kiss me and nibble my ears, my throat as I waded ashore with her still clinging to me. I took her into the tent and lay her back on the air mattress entering her as I did. We lay together and kissed and talked with my hard cock buried deep within her. It was a wonderfully erotic break from the frenzied fucking we'd all been doing. Lori confided that she'd really enjoyed the weekend so far and how hot the being tied up was, such a wonderful surprise for her,

I could tell she was thinking about it as she clenched my cock and fairly gushed on the mattress. All too soon though our passions flared, spurred on no doubt by the intimacy, her recollection of the morning and the not so subtle activities we could hear outside! Seems that the rest of our merry band had recovered sufficiently to get busy once again, no doubt putting on quite the show for the two fishermen.

Lori and I moved to see them through the mesh walls of our tent in time to see Bob slide his cock into Al as she had her head buried between Red's thighs. Lori and I spooned together moving more deliberately as we watched them and the two guys beyond. The dumb fucks may as well have joined in, they had their boat beached and were standing there watching and stroking their own cocks openly, a few steps and they could have each found a warm mouth to replace their hands. But, for whatever reason they were content to stand and jerk wildly as they watched Al's tits sway with each stroke of Bob's cock. 
