 Jim

We just got back from our quick trip to the beach for the weekend and I thought I should let you know how it went. Lori and I had been apart far too long and the trip was excruciating! We didn't fool around too much on the way, intending to let the anticipation grow, in retrospect that was both a good and bad idea, made the trip incredibly long but the final release was mindblowing!

The condo was perfect, top floor, balcony perfect for watching the sunset deeply buried in Lori, spacious bedroom, bath, perfect! One big room overlooking the ocean, 12 floors below. I was hoping for nookie on the balcony! I was not disappointed either.

Upon our arrival, I was expecting a torrid session of 'getting reacquainted sex' so you can imagine my surprise when as I pulled her to me, she pushed me away and said simply "You need a shower, and so do I, you go first." 

So I did, but suddenly very concerned that someone had done a horniectomy on our Lori! When she took my place in the shower, she wouldn't even join me! She smiled that radiant smile and said "I'll be right out, get comfy."

I started to harden when I heard the water turn off but I was not expecting her to take another 20 minutes to rejoin me, I nearly fell asleep! When she finally emerged I was in for another shock, she was wearing a full length, terry cloth robe pulled tight at her throat and buttoned completely! I felt foolish sitting in the chair with just a towel, not to mentioned more than a little disappointed. To be honest Jim, I thought she was going to dump me. 

Thankfully I caught that mischievous twinkle in her eye as she moved to the dresser and docked her phone in the room's stereo. She looked at me in the large mirror, and smiled as some very smokey music began to fill the room. Her eyes drifted shut as her hips began to sway with the music. Her hands slid up her sides and across her tits to open a button on the robe, then another, and another, until the robe hung loosely from her shoulders, still hiding her body but giving an enticing glimpse as she moved.

As the music's tempo increased so did her movement, and with each movement more of her body was revealed for just an instant. She turned on cue to face me, her eyes still closed as her tongue slid across her lips. Then she turned away again and simply swayed to the music, her robe was nearly off her shoulders before I realized it was moving and just about then it dropped to the floor, exposing her back to me, her ass so wonderfully displayed in the emerald green thong.

The music again began to build as she turned to reveal the front to me, such a sexy matching bra caressing her tits and yet displaying them to best advantage as she began to dance. Her movement was so gracefully and yet so primal, so full of wantonness and yet so feminine I sat mesmerized as I watched her move. 

She approached me and put her arms around my neck and breathing heavily she asked "like?"

"Mmmmm yess baby" was all I could muster from my mouth as she kissed me deeply, moaning as my tongue probed her lips. 

As I reached up to free her tit she backed away, again her eyes closed moving as if in a trance. She danced behind me and began to caress my face from behind as I felt her tits rubbing the back of my head, but wait! Where was her bra? I reached back to feel her skin only, no sign of the lovely green bra. I moaned again and caught just the slightest giggle from her.

As she moved back in front of me she slid into my lap and ground that wonderful ass against my incredibly hard cock as we both watched in the mirror. She lay back against me and turned to kiss me as she slid that thong down her lovely legs. When we broke the kiss she was nude save the green thigh hi stockings and her CFM shoes. 

She stepped away and placed both hands on the dresser, inching her legs apart as she bent forward, presenting that ass and pussy to me. Mere inches away I couldn't resist, giving her a long, slow lick from clit to ass. She was dripping wet!

That lick almost melted her resolve but she pulled away and faced me, wagging her finger as if to say 'no no' and resumed her dancing. My but she moves so gracefully, so sensually.

She placed her hands on the arms of the chair I was sitting in, holding my own arms in place as she bent forward to kiss me, deeply, tasting her self on my lips with a deep moan. I looked across her back to the mirror above the dresser where I could admire that wonderful ass and her pussy, dripping as it winked at me. Turning to the side I could see her in profile, her lovely tits hanging, nipples hard, as her head, lead by her cascading hair, descended into my lap.

I felt her teeth nibble so gently along my oozing cock through my towel, before I realized she had the towel between her teeth and was pulling it from my lap. Now exposed before her my cock was bobbing with lust and dripping heavily onto my stomach as she swirled her hair around me, She looked deep in my eyes and told me simply "stay" as she squeezed my arms and returned her mouth to my cock and her hands to my thighs. 

She took me into her mouth and slid down my shaft completely, her nose buried in my tuft of pubic hair as her tongue swirled the underside of my cock, sneaking out to tickle my balls, and her throat milked my shaft. I was in heaven!

As she moved back up my shaft her hands took my balls and kneaded them gently, her fingers gently grazing my ass as she again took all I could offer down her throat. This time as she reached the top she stood and straddled my lap as she kissed me deeply and sat down onto my cock with a groan. She began to grind as she kissed me, her pussy squeezing and milking my cock. She then broke the kiss and locked her eyes onto mine as she slid down my legs and back onto her knees to once again engulf my cock, her eyes never leaving mine, never needing to locate my cock, just riveted. 

The second time she descended on my cock I felt her fingers dance across my ass and the third time her finger entered me just as my cock entered her mouth. Both reached their limit at the same instant. I looked at her, begging for release with my eyes and grateful, yet disappointed at the imperceptible nod of her head as she made a quick trip up and down on my cock and out and back in my ass as I came, flooding her throat with my cum. As I started to soften she climbed up into my lap and curled up with her head against my shoulder. 

My hand reached for her swollen, wet pussy but she stopped me and said "Hold me now, lots of time for that later, just hold me." So I did.

We woke about an hour later, talked a bit and ordered room service. As we continued to sit entwined with one another we kissed and our passions were renewed, she began to moan and tell me how badly she wanted my cock inside her. Reaching between our bodies to encourage him she was surprised to find me fully hard again and moved to take me back inside her pussy just as we heard a knock on the door and a faint "room service."

I hollared for them to leave it but received an "I can't, you have to sign." So I thought what the hell and told them to bring it in.

Lori paused her ride for just a brief minute and then resumed riding my cock, shifting slightly so she could better see the doorway.

We heard the pass key in the lock and the door pushed open slightly as the cart entered the room followed by a young girl in a bellman's outfit, "Oh!! Excuse me!" she stammered, riveted at the sight before her, Lori riding my cock with abandon. 

We both locked eyes on this sweet young, very buxom, girl and moaned a soft "nice!" in unison.

I reached for her, intending to sign the ticket but she moved towards us, taking my hand and sliding it under her skirt as she reached to stroke Lori's back. I looked across our visitor to see the door standing open and a middle aged couple, mouths agape, staring at the scene in our room. I smiled at them and motioned them in but he sort of stood transfixed as she began to enter the room but then caught her self, smiled and gave a slight shrug, nodding towards her husband, still dumbstruck. She nudged him to open their room (the one next to ours) and reached to pull our door shut, again catching my eye, only this time she licked her lips as she stared openly at us and her hand moved to caress a breast. I again nodded for her to come in but she smiled ruefully, grabbed the door and pulled it shut behind her.

That noise seemed to break the spell our server was under as she startled and moved away, saying she'd be back for the cart at 12 if that was ok? Lori reacted faster than I could and said "Please do come back when you can stay long enough for your tip."

We stopped fucking for a good laugh and decided to eat before we resumed. We had just got a good start on our snack when we heard some interesting noises from our friends next door. We looked at one another and both snorted, they must have liked what they had seen! We moved to the wall to hear better and as we suspected, there was some serious fucking going on! I grabbed Lori by the hand and went out onto our common balcony and I peered around the small privacy wall to see if their drapes were open. Bingo! Wide open! And there she was bent over the bed, her pants in a heap at her feet, her blouse half off and her bra up under her chin as he plowed her from behind. For someone who looked aghast as he was watching us, he sure could fuck! Lori kept nudging me to see too so I inched over onto their balcony so she had room too. So here we are Jim, Lori and I naked as jaybirds standing on the balcony, another room's balcony, looking through the window at a couple going at it. We looked at one another and Lori moved onto their balcony to join me and snuggled up against me, my hand found her ass and began softly stroking just as naturally as hers found my cock. 

The woman inside looked towards the window and smiled at us before she straightened up and pulled away from her partner. She stood with her back to us and stripped off the rest of her clothes as she pushed him down on the bed with his feet towards the window. She bent at the waist (how do women do that?) and started to suck his slimy cock, her ass wiggling at us and her freshly fucked pussy peeking out from between her legs. Soon one leg stepped up on the bed and her hand appeared between her legs, she rubbed herself and held her hand out as if to show us how wet she was, gave a little upside down wave and began strumming her pussy.

Lori squeezed my cock and pulled me to my knees on their balcony, she moved in front of me and offered her ass to me holding onto the sliding door frame so she could continue to watch the couple as I fucked her. And fuck her I did! As we were getting into it he must have heard us as we heard him say something to her and she looked over her shoulder at us, her eyes were big as saucers as she climbed up next to him on the bed and assured him it was ok by lowering her pussy to his face in a classic 69. She looked at us fucking away for a few seconds before taking him deeply in her mouth. She kept sucking him and watching us, twice she straightened up and clearly came before going back to work on his cock. What a glorious sight!

After what must have been her third orgasm in the 69 she slid down his body and mounted his cock, still facing us, and began to ride. At one point she bent forward and we could see that he had a large vibrator worked into her ass as she rode him. She was cumming essentially non-stop at this point and soon we heard a loud grunt from him and he arched up into her and came. She gave us a somewhat frantic 'go hide' type wave as she jumped off his wilting cock and began to slurp up their combined juices. I could see his load leaking out of her as she gently licked and sucked him clean but Lori and I scampered back to our room before she finished.

By now we were both ready to explode when there came a soft knock at the door, "room service?" Was the response when I asked who was there.

Lori and I looked at one another and grinned, "c'mon in" we both said and in walked our young server, Meagan we later learned. 

"Hi, are you guys finished with the cart?" she asked, her eyes searching Lori's body. 

I nudged Lori who responded with a "Not yet, do you mind if we keep it a bit?"

"That's fine, I can come back later." Meagan said. 

By now Lori had stood up and moved close to the young girl as I sat on the edge of the bed, my cock stiffening again. Lori put a hand on Meagan's shoulder and asked her "You don't have to rush off do you? We were hoping you might stay and tell us about the area sights."

When Meagan didn't respond with other than a nervous licking of her lips, Lori continued "We're new to the area, married, but not to each other, and looking for some fun, some adult fun this weekend, any ideas?" 

With that Lori had been softly stroking Meagan's shoulder and her hand had now begun to trace the slope of Meagan's breast. Meagan's eyes went shut and she licked her lips, not in nervousness but arousal this time. I moved beside her on the other side and slid my hand across her other breast and began slowly unbuttoning her top. Lori took Meagan's hand and placed it on my cock as she leaned in to nibble on the young girl's ear. Meagan moaned when she felt my hardness and instinctively began to stroke me.

Lori moved behind her and slid her blouse off her shoulders and down her arms, she then took the girls ample tits in hand and weighed and kneaded them as she kissed Meagan's neck before reaching around in front and releasing the clasp. As Meagan's bra fell away she gasped and moaned, gripping my cock just a bit tighter as Lori's hands held her tits. I replaced one of Lori's hands with one of mine and we both enjoyed those wonderfully full tits. 

Her large nipples responded enthusiastically to our ministration and her breathing became labored. Lori had by now freed Meagan's skirt and helped it to the floor, followed in short order by her panties. Lori sunk to her knees and with one hand between Meagan's thighs, stroking her cunt, Lori began to feather soft kisses and the occasional sharp bite on Meagan's ass. Lori urged her legs apart and soon had room to slide her head between those soft thighs and began to suck her pussy. Meagan cried out softly and slumped against me as she came. 

I scooped her up and gently laid her on the bed as Lori and I both gently stroke

"Shhhhh darling it's ok, you don't have to do anything you don't want to." soothed Lori as she sucked a hard nipple into her mouth.

"Oh no, it's not that, I WANT to, I just never have before." said Meagan as she held Lori's head to her breast. 

I reached down between Lori's legs to find her wet and willing once more, aroused no doubt by her impending introduction of Sapphic sex to this lovely young girl. 

I moved behind Lori and slid gently into her pussy as she groaned around Meagan's nipple, Lori raised up and pushed back into me and pushing Meagan's big tits together drug her tongue between those glorious mounds as though she was tit fucking her only to end in a deep kiss with the shy young girl who responded enthusiastically. Meagan's hands traced up across Lori's ribs and down towards her ass, pulling her up onto her body. The two were tit to tit kissing feverishly, hands roaming freely across each other's body. I was, quite frankly, forgotten, until Meagan, reaching for Lori's ass, found my hard cock buried in her target. She started, then relaxed and began to stroke my base as I slid slowly into your wife. I had to get away, I was so close and I didn't want to cum yet, I wanted Meagan's first taste of pussy to be cum free so I slid out of Lori's pussy and Meagan's hand, moving beside them I stroked Lori's back and nudged her to the side a bit so I could sample those glorious tits.

Lori reached for my cock and pulled me to her face, only to guide my hard wet cock into Meagan's mouth. What a mouth!! She may be young but she can suck some cock! She took me to the root in one motion, her tongue swabbing the underside all the way and her moans around me added a subtle vibration that was exquisite! Lori moved to p her again and stroked my cock between their four lips and two tongues, wow!

Lori slid down Meagan's body and began to eat her pussy as Meagan moved me astride her chest so I could tit fuck those magnificent globes, the head of my cock sliding into her mouth with each stroke. I glanced towards our sliding door, hoping to telepathically open it, and noticed our neighbor lady standing on our balcony, nude, and stroking her pussy furiously. I smiled at her and gave a 'come on in' nod of my head, hoping she would join us too. 

She smiled back at me, stopped her masturbation and took a long last look into her own room before quietly sliding our door open and walking in. She walked up close and took a long look at everyone before backing away and falling back into the chair where we first 'met'. She opened her legs and lay them on the chair arms as her fingers again plunged deeply into her pussy as she stared intently into my eyes as she licked her lips wantonly. I moved off of Meagan, kissing her deeply on the mouth as I rolled a nipple before moving besides our voyeur. Meagan followed my movement with her eyes before realizing we had company. She gasped in shock but soon she began to cum on Lori's mouth as our friend took the head of my cock into her mouth.

Lori raised up as Meagan came down from her orgasm, and looked over her shoulder at the neighbor sucking my cock and rubbing her pussy and then looked at me and smiled, "Three mouths in one day, you must be in heaven." She knowsme so well.

With that she grabbed Meagan's arms and pulled her to her feet, taking charge now Lori commanded the new visitor ( I wish I could remember her name, I think it was Nancy so I'll use that), "You will be riding my face and you, pointing at Meagan, will be learning to suck pussy with mine, and you" she said pointing at me, "you just get that piece of cock meat out of the way" and she lay back down on the floor. 

Nancy was unsure what to do and said "But I have never been with a woman. I , I just don't know..."

I took her hands and moved her over Loris face, urging her down on to Lori's eager tongue, 

"Oh my!" she said as Lori finally got her first taste. 

"Mmmmmfreshly fucked and filled." mumbled Lori.

Meagan was not so unsure, and although somewhat clumsy, she moved smartly between Lori's legs and began to eat her first pussy. I stood there and tried not to drip on anyone until Nancy reached out and moaned, "Now, where were we..."

We went at it for two more hours until we had all tasted one another and each of the ladies had tasted themselves and the other two from my cock. I finally came the first time in Nancy's expert mouth where she greedily swallowed it all down before revealing that her hubby wouldn't allow her to take his load in her mouth ( what a nut job!)

My second load filled Meagan's virgin ass as she lost two cherries that night. About 2:30 am Lori and I drifted off to sleep, well and truly fucked out.

The next morning, the crack of dawn actually, found us still asleep, shortly thereafter though I was awakened by soft, warm caresses stroking me. I turned to see Lori's beautiful face smiling at me, I snuggled into her and as we recalled the previous evening, I began to softly stroke her pussy as she continued on my cock, I was oozing like crazy and she was as wet as can be. We maneuvered into a perpendicular position, both on our backs with her legs over my hips and my cock deep within her. I could continue to rub her tits, pull her nipples and we could both rub her clit as my cock slid into her. Very nice, but after a few minutes it was obvious that this was far too leisurely for what we both wanted. Finally she pushed me away and said "Wait!" obviously very frustrated. She climbed out of bed and threw off her nightgown, such as it was, she came back to bed but rather than getting back in she said "Let's try the bathroom."
