 Hi Jim

Another great visit with Lori, I was a bit concerned with the way she sort of pushed you out of the bedroom and made you wait outside while we played, but she was clearly driving the boat again so I wasn't going to protest, I hope she made it up to you. 

Boy, her friend Holly is a knockout isn't she, nice full tits and an ass made for a thong! And the thong she was wearing was perfect for her. Neither of you had mentioned her to me and boy was I surprised to find her in your bedroom, video camera in hand. Pleasantly surprised! 

I suppose you heard most of what went on and if I'm not mistaken you saw some of it through the window, of course, by now Lori has undoubtedly shared the video Holly shot, she has hasn't she? Well just incase the little minx has been saving it for you here's more or less what happened.

After Lori lead me into your bedroom and locked you out, she introduced me to Holly, told me to put my eyes back in my head. She then informed me that Holly would ONLY be capturing the activities via the camera and was NOT a participant. Her attire, or lack thereof (an emerald green lace thong with matching sheer bra) was her own doing and that it was chosen for her comfort not for me to ogle at (spoilsport!). Although as Lori was telling me this she did trace a finger down Holly's arm which I took to mean that nothing (except my dick) was cast in stone. 

Did I mention what an attractive young woman Holly is? Such creamy skin with a few faint freckles across her chest, lovely almond shaped green eyes, and real red hair, yeah that was verified. I was dripping by now so without further ado and with the intros complete, Lori gave Holly a quick kiss and said 'let's get this started!' 

Who was I to complain?

I started to move towards Lori to kiss her and start to strip her but she put her hand up and sat down on the bed facing Holly, with a lick of her lips and that naughty gleam in her eye she said 'strip for me, nice and slow baby.'

Well that was new, I've never tried to do a strip tease before, its hard, so was I. I did the best I could, I'm glad I wore a button down shirt and button fly Levi's. No, I didn't dance, I just sort of slowly removed my clothing, bit by bit all the while locking eyes with Lori, except when I turned away to slide my jeans off. It must have been working ok, Lori became visibly flushed and her hands strayed a couple times to tweak a nipple or caress her pussy through her jeans before she caught herself. I even caught Holly rubbing her free hand across her mound a time or two and with her creamy skin it was clear that she was aroused as she became quite pink. 

Once I was nude and standing before Lori, hard as steel by the way, she smiled and stood up, 'your turn lover' she said as she eased me down to sit on the bed. 

Holly moved close behind me as Lori began to sensually remove her own clothing. I could feel Holly moving behind me to capture Lori's tease from my point of view. I could feel her warm breath on my shoulder and face and at one point she pressed her tits firmly against my back and leaned over my shoulder to film Lori's swaying, semi revealed body. She looked down at my dripping cock, gave a soft 'mmmmmmm' as she zoomed in on it and gave it a squeeze as she licked my ear. 

No involvement huh?

By now Lori was down to her bra (a new one? Very nice), panties and garter with stockings. Very erotic image that will stay in my brain forever. She swayed slowly before me and turned to show me how wonderfully her thong framed her ass and as she ran her hands down her silk encased legs. Holly gave a small gasp and tightened her grip on my cock, Lori was magnificent!

As both Holly and I were appreciating the view. I made sure that Holly was still doing her job, with the camera, as Lori's hands reached her ankles. She held that pose for a couple of seconds and her legs began to part, revealing her (barely) thong covered ass and pussy to our gaze. Holly released her grip on my cock and moved to capture Lori's erotic moves from a new vantage. 

It was only then that I noticed that somewhere in this treat, Holly had lost her bra, freeing her absolutely spectacular tits. Her small pink nipples were as hard as I was as her breasts swayed with her movements, her nipples turned up ever so enticingly, begging for a mouth to envelop them.

By now Lori was on her hands and knees, her ass swaying before me as Holly knelt in front of her capturing her lust and my response. Lori turned and began to move towards the bed on hands and knees, swaying that wonderful ass for Hollynow who sat cross legged on the floor, filming intently as her free hand moved not so gently across her obviously wet panties. The scent of arousal was heavy in the air as Lori reached my feet and began to kiss her way up my legs. As she reached my knees I saw that her bra was nearly off, one very hard nipple peeking out at me, the shoulder straps hanging limply by her arms. She looked deep in my eyes and gave my knee a kiss while smiling at me, I nearly came then and there. 

I began to reach for her, to pull her up on top of me and to plunge into her but clearly she understood and wasn't ready for that as she smiled and pulled away, standing once again before me although this time so much closer as she started to remove her bra completely. She paused and looked back at Holly and gave her a crooked finger 'come here.' she whispered to her hot friend.

As Holly moved up beside Lori, they kissed deeply and Lori took the forgotten camera and handed it to me, 'film us lover' was all she said before attacking Holly's mouth with her own. 

Lori's hand encircled Holly's big tit and pulling that hard nipple as Holly moaned deeply. Holly threw her head back and began to whimper as Lori feasted on her tit and really began to wail as I noticed Lori's hand snake its way into Holly's thong. I reached up to release Lori's bra (front clasps are great!) and free Lori's very full and very hard nippled tits. 

As I stood to change the camera view, my cock dragged across Lori's shoulder , leaving a wet trail of precum, Holly looked down and groaned again, releasing her handful of Lori's hair to reach for me. She tugged me a couple of times, milking the fluid out of my cock and onto Lori's shoulder and tit before pulling away from Loris grasp and lowering her tongue to lap up the juice she'd pulled from me. As she bent to that task I continued to the far side in time to see Lori pull Holly's thong down her long legs and, once Holly stepped out of it, she wrapped it around my cock and pulled me towards her mouth.

Taking me into her mouth, still wrapped in Holly's wet thong, Lori looked up at me and as we locked eyes again she smiled around my cock and began to hum. Holly apparently heard her and quit chasing my precum and stood to watch Lori sucking me. Lori's hand was still busy in Holly's box though and soon Holly moaned deeply and came, her knees buckling slightly as I reached for her to keep her from falling. Lori released my cock and stood up to embrace her trembling friend, in effect making Holly the meat in our sandwich. 

As I reached around Holly to hold Lori against her I realized that Lori still had her own thong on, it was wet as can be and now very transparent, she became aware at that same point that she still had them on so she pulled away from the group hug and ushered Holly and I back to the bed, handing Holly the camera and telling her 'we're not done Hol, keep filming' and with that she straightened up and eased that thong down her legs.

Now we were all nude, Holly still pink from her orgasm, as Lori took her very wet thong and wrapped it around my cock with Holly's and began to stroke me with them both. Holly's hand snaked in to join Lori while she continued to faithfully capture the moment on video.

As they stroked me with their thongs they began to kiss, softly at first but seemingly with each stroke their passion for one another grew. Soon I could see that their passion's focus had shifted from my still hard cock to one another. I watched them abandon my cock as they sank to the floor.

Lori slid down Holly's body, her tongue leaving a trail that ended at the tuft of red hair above Holly's pussy, Holly groaned deeply as Lori's tongue slid between Holly's lips and across her clit. A muffled moan escaped Lori to signal Holly had similarly found Lori's pussy as Holly pulled Lori tight to her face as well.

'Fuck me lover' mumbled Lori as she lifted her face from Holly's pussy momentarily before resuming her tonguework. As I knelt behind Lori and watched Holly tongue my lover she reached up and spread Lori's cheeks to display her very wet cunt as well as he very tempting ass. I rubbed my cock between Lori's pussy lips and was rewarded by a deep moan from both of them before I felt Holly take hold of my shaft and draw me closer to her friends wet snatch. As she guided me into Lori's wetness I felt her tongue slide along the underside of my cock until my balls slid across her nose before I bottomed out.

The feeling of Holly tonguing my balls as I was buried fully in Lori was amazing! as I withdrew Holly attacked Lori's clit once more before taking the base of my cock and holding me from stroking back into Lori. It was clear we were going to fuck to Holly's tempo so when I felt her pull me forward I eased into what I expected to be Lori's wet pussy but instead was Holly's very welcome mouth! 'Ohhhh!' I moaned as Holly eased me down her throat.

After several strokes alternating between Lori's pussy and Holly's mouth, Lori whimpered 'fuck me' and Holly slipped my cock from her mouth and back into her friend's wet pussy. Lori's deep guttural moan as I refilled her pussy was immediately followed by a howl as Holly resumed tonguing Lori's clit as I began to piston her pussy. In no time it took Holly holding Lori's hips from below as I held them from above to keep Lori still enough for me to pound her. Lori gave one more shriek before falling away from us and panting 'wait, wait, I need a break, too much...'

Holly looked up at me, grinned impishly and pulled my cock back to her mouth as I lowered my face to her snatch. As we devoured each other we rolled over so she was on top in our 69.

Before long her sucking stopped as she groaned deeply and ground her snatch into my face, coating me with her juice as she came and squirted on my face. as she caught her breath she slid down my body, stopping to rest astride my chest, holding my cock as her hair teased and caressed me. All the while her pussy winking at me.

As I soon felt lips on my cock and as Holly's breathing returned to normal I felt a second set of lips join the first. Soon their tongues found a good rhythm on my cock and I could tell I wasn't long for this treatment. Before I could warn them I started to erupt!, I heard them squeal in delight before they greedily attacked my cock with their mouths to capture each spurt. Their tongues then cleaned me up together, sharing my spunk between them before Lori crawled up my body and Holly collected her video camera and resumed capturing this amazing event.

Lori snuggled up tight as Holly kept filming, slowly fading out as we drifted off to sleep.