 PRELUDE

I couldn't help myself. Ever since the day I was assaulted on the Metro I was drawn back to the scene of the crime. I wasn't harmed or abused but I had been fucked royally by eight young men, students at the same university where I taught. The young men seemed to be tireless and incredibly virile as I was covered in cum from head to toe. As they ejaculated on me I heard several of them cheer and call out, "Bukkake!" 

I learned later that the phase referred to my being covered in cum. Each of the young men came at least four times on me meaning that at least 32 loads had landed on my body. There was cum in my hair, on my breasts, on my pussy and my buttocks. One of them even ejaculated on my engagement ring. I had been fucked in the ass experiencing my first anal sex. My finance and I had discussed anal sex but he would not get to be the first as I knew that at least six of the men had taken me anally. 

I had experienced my first group sex and I was double and triple penetrated. At one point the young men had me sit on one of them and his cock entered my ass. Then I lay back as another cock entered my pussy and a third entered my mouth. Then my hands were filled with two other cocks as a sixth man straddled my chest and slid his cock between my tits. At that point six well endowed young men assaulted my body until they all came. One by one they ejaculated on me covering my face, hair, tits and pubes in cum. 

The problem was that I had loved it. I had continuous orgasms. It was an incredible turn on for me and I love the young vibrant cocks shooting their loads on me. I found myself wanting more and behaving like an insatiable slut. That was a week ago and today I was headed to the same Metro car that the young boys always rode. I entered the car and they smiled when they saw me walk toward them. Although there were plenty of seats I elected to stand and within seconds they had me surrounded. 

I felt their hands on my legs stroking my thighs and working their way up to my buttocks. I still remembered the first time when they got a good look at my ass. "Oh what an ass!" they blurted out as they caressed and squeezed my buttocks. I felt the hands under my skirt and then under my panties as the Metro moved to the last stop. Once the train came to a stop I was led to the same vacant room in a remote part of the station where I knew I would spend the next four or five hours.

INTRODUCTION

My name is Jeanne Stafford and I am a 36 year old associate professor at a university in Paris. I have lived in Paris for two years now and I have been engaged to Martin Holmes who is a full professor at the same university. Martin at 48 is 12 years older than me. He was originally from London but he had lived in Paris the past six years. We began dating her first year with the university and then we got engaged. We also moved in together and shared an apartment.

Martin was a decent lover and I enjoyed having sex with him. Martin liked being on the receiving end of oral sex but he was not as giving in that department. Still he did an adequate job with his cock and his fingers and he liked making me cum. We had discussed anal sex and had agreed to experiment with it when he returned from the States. Martin had just left for America and he would be there two weeks visiting another university. My schedule did not permit me to accompany him this time.

It was a Saturday morning and I had slept in after a full night of sex with Martin. He had left earlier that morning for the airport and let me sleep in. I woke up slowly and drew a bath. Then I made coffee and soaked in the tub for over an hour. After my relaxing bath, I dried off with my favorite fluffy towel. As I dried my body I checked myself out in the mirror and I liked what I saw. I was proud of my 35-24-35 body. My breasts were still firm and lifted toward the ceiling. My tummy was flat, my legs were shapely and my ass looked marvelous.

My ass was my best asset and I was proud of it. I liked wearing tight skirts and showing off my curvy bottom. There were many times I heard the whispers in the halls at the university, "Oh that ass, what an ass, that ass is perfect." I never looked back to see who was making the remark but I loved hearing the comments. I also thought about the numerous social events that I and Martin attended. Many times I thought that my bottom would be black and blue from all the times it was squeezed and pinched at a party. It was no wonder Martin wanted anal sex; everyone else was fantasizing about fucking my ass.

AN EVENING WITH MONIQUE

As I finished drying off I continued to check out my figure in the mirror. I thought, "Girl for 36 your quite something." I was very pleased with my 5'5" and 110 pound body. I blew dry my long brown hair and put on a light tone of lipstick. Then I decided to treat myself and go out for lunch. I had already missed breakfast so I would eat lunch at my favorite café. I loved to sit outside and people watch. I dressed in a sweater with no bra and very tight jeans to show off my ass. Then I headed for the café in the popular shopping district of Paris.

I order a light salad and a café noir. I sat back and enjoyed the sights and sounds of the Paris streets. I had just finished my salad and was enjoying my second cup of coffee when I heard a familiar female voice call out to me. It was Monique one of the graduate assistants from the university. She smiled as she approached me and I marveled at her youthful beauty. She was dressed like I was with a sweater and jeans. The jeans hugged her shapely body like a second skin and she turned many a head as she approached my table. Monique was built similar to me but her long hair was lighter and curlier. Her eyes were hazel compared to my deep brown color.

"Hello Jeanne, how are you? Are you shopping today?" she asked.

"No, I just had lunch," I replied.

"May I join you?" she asked.

"But of course, would you like a coffee," I offered.

"Yes that would be nice," she accepted.

I called to the waiter to bring another cup of café noir as Monique sat across from me. I marveled at her youthful beauty. The waiter brought the coffee and the two of us chatted for several minutes. Then Monique asked me to go shopping with her.

"Jeanne, come shopping with me unless you have other plans," Monique offered.

"I would love to. I have no other plans. Martin left for the states this morning for two weeks," I accepted.

We finished our café noir and then headed off to the boutiques. Monique and I spent nearly five hours shopping and trying on outfits. I loved being with her; she was so vibrant and so much fun even though she was 14 years my junior. We purchased a few things and then we decided to have an early dinner. Monique and I dined outside as Paris turned into the city of lights. Paris was such a beautiful and romantic city. We had consumed one bottle of wine when Monique ordered a second. I started to protest but allowed her to order it; the wine in France was so good. After the second bottle of wine was finished Monique offered to buy me a cognac. I told her that I had enough to drink at the café but if she liked she could join me at my apartment for a coffee or cognac. 

"I would love to, thank you," Monique quickly responded.

"It's just a few blocks from here," I told her.

We paid our check and let the café for my apartment. Monique and I picked up our bags from shopping in one hand and she put her arm through mine as we walked to my apartment. As we walked arm in arm we turned many a head as they checked out the two shapely women. I was sure that Monique overheard the same comments that I had, once again comments about our shapely asses.

We arrived at my apartment and I told Monique to make herself at home while I put on some coffee. Monique put her bags down and flopped down on my sofa. She complimented me on the apartment and its décor. I brought the coffee over to the sofa and sat next to Monique. We sipped coffee and chatted once again this time Monique steered the conversation toward sex.

I was in the prime of my sexuality and suddenly I felt the need for sex. I felt the need at that very moment and I looked at Monique. My stare must have given my desires away for she moved closer to me on the sofa. Monique took me in her arms. I was putty in this young girl's hands as she stroked my hair and kissed my lightly on my cheek. The smoothness of her touch and delicate stroking was electrifying. I felt as though my entire body was paralyzed. Monique turned her body onto mine our entire bodies were touching each other and it was a very erotic feeling. As Monique began to kiss me her lips were soft and moist and made my inner being come alive with desire. Her hands went underneath my sweater and located my braless tits. Monique manipulated my nipples between her fingers.

"Let me make love to you," she said softly.

Then she lifted the sweater over my head baring my entire upper body. She told me how beautiful my breasts were and how delicious my nipples tasted. She then began a slow torturous journey down my body using her mouth to taste and caress every inch of my skin. Monique unfastened the buttons on my tight jeans and slowly pulled them down my hips. I automatically raised my hips to make it easier for her to remove my jeans. She took them of my legs and tossed them aside. Then her hands returned to my bikini panties and she tucked her fingers into the elastic band and painstakingly slid them down and off of my legs. I was totally naked on my sofa and Monique stood to remove all off her own clothes.

Monique lay back down with me on the sofa and our bodies came together. My breathing became shallow and my moans became loudly audible. I began touching Monique's body now and I marveled in our mutual beauty. Monique began to purr in ecstasy. It seemed natural for us to be together and not taboo to be female lovers. As Monique's tongue circled my right nipple I became increasingly aware that it was not going to take much more to make me cum. I felt Monique's fingers stroke my wet mound locating my puffer pussy, trying to find her way inside me. I moved my legs further apart trying to help her and soon Monique was fingering me with soft, slow, tender probes.

I couldn't take it any longer and I gently pushed her head down. Monique nestled herself between my legs, she used her hands to slowly open them and placed my thighs on her shoulders. With one finger Monique traced the soft outer lips of my swollen pussy and applied gentle pressure spreading them open even further. I felt the familiar butterflies in my stomach as she gazed upon the sight of my moist lips inviting her invasion. She put more fingers were inside me and caressed my inner walls while her thumb positioned itself on the tip of my swelling clit and lightly tickled it back and forth.

Monique moved herself slowly up my body as she continued to finger fuck my pussy she kissed and licked her way to my tits. She took turns holding each nipple between her soft lips sucking and flicking at my hard nipples. I in turn reached for Monique's breasts and felt her hard nipples across my palms as I stroked them. I pinched and rolled her nipples between my fingers while Monique tongued my breasts. She whispered to me that she had to have me and then kissed me passionately. We moaned into each other's mouth as her fingers and thumb tickled my swollen clit. I could feel the wetness of her pussy saturating my thigh.

Monique broke off our kiss and smiled at me before descending toward my aching pussy. As she reached my wet mound she separated the lips fully opening my pink moistness and then she herself groaned with anticipated pleasure. The tip of her tongue touched my center and my sweet liquid gushed into her mouth. Monique was unprepared for my gusher but none the less she licked at my silky lips, losing herself in the feeling of my beautiful hot body. She flattened her tongue and stroked my center up and down firmly enough that I could feel it on my clit. She drove me mad as my swollen clit twitched and ached for more attention. I arched my back and pulled her head to my mound trying to shove my engorged clit into her mouth much like a man would shove his cock into a woman's mouth. She wrapped her lips around my swollen button and sucked it as she would her boyfriend's dick. I gasped as Monique's lips sucked my clit in further and further causing a strong tremor to run through my whole body.

My hips lifted off of the sofa as she sucked on my clit flicking it back and forth as her fingers probed deep inside me. She worked them in and out slow at first and then with more intensity as her tongue firmly, methodically pressed again and again against my erect clit which was now totally exposed from its hood. At this point my groans became very loud, my body was rocked with my second orgasm and I ground my pussy into Monique's face which was covered with my sweet love juices that gushed as the dam broke. 

Monique continued to lap at the hard clit as my body convulsed and with one orgasm after another. Slowly my body relaxed after the last of one of the most intense climaxes I ever had. I lay back on the sofa as Monique moved up to my lips and covered them with hers, kissing me tenderly, deeply and letting her tongue slip past my lips so I could taste myself in her mouth. I kissed her eagerly in return, loving the sweet taste of myself. We lay on the sofa cradled in one other's arms without saying a word savoring the feel of a woman's body in each other's arms.

"Come Jeanne let's go into your bedroom I want you to make love to me now," Monique said taking my hand and leading me into my own bedroom.

I had never made love to anyone but Martin in my bed but that was now about to change. Monique lay in the bed in all her naked beauty and held her arms out to me. I had not thought of Martin until that moment and then it dawned on me that he had been gone less than a day and I had already made love with a woman. Now as I looked at Monique I knew that I was about to reciprocate. I wondered if it would really be cheating since it was with a woman. 

"Come to me Jeanne, come and make love to me," she called softly to me.

"I don't know what to do," I confessed.

"Nonsense just do me the same way I did you, it's easy, just follow your instincts and enjoy," she whispered.

Monique opened her legs and guided me between her thighs. I looked right at her beautiful pussy and I leaned forward and slowly stuck out my tongue. I wasn't sure exactly how to do it so I just sort of pretended I was licking the cream off of a pastry. I took one, slow lick as I flattened my tongue on Monique's bare mound. It felt so smooth and warm and I achieved the desired effect. To my surprise I enjoyed the taste of her and I kept licking and eating her. I pointed my tongue and burrowed into her pussy as it parted her labia and my tongue was rewarded with the exquisite taste of her juice. Soon I was lapping up as much as I could as fast as I could.

Monique was obviously enjoying what I was doing and she reached down with both hands and spread herself wide making it so much easier for my tongue to explore her pussy. My tongue explored all of her as my mind took notes of what seemed to turn her on. Monique was breathing rapidly and she moaned softly whenever I got near her hard pearl. As I searched out her hard clit still just barely hidden she tensed and began to quiver. After I felt like I had teased her opening as much as I could with my tongue it was time to see her reaction when my tongue finally touched that pearl just as she had done to me earlier.

I burrowed my tongue as deep into her as I could and then I just sort of licked and sucked my way up. When I got to her pearl I used the very tip of my tongue to push back the little hood. I was truly amazed at its size. I flicked my tongue over it once and then used the tip to explore the folds of flesh on either side of it. Monique was now moaning and she used her fingers to pull her hood back as she arched herself so that her pearl stuck out even further like a little cock. I nuzzled it with my nose taking in her scent and I licked it once more before I took it between my teeth and gently nibbled it. 

Monique went wild and started bucking and calling out my name. She let go of her own fleshy hood and pulled my head to her pussy as she cried out in ecstasy. I sucked her clit as deep in my mouth as I could and Monique humped my face for all she was worth. I was excited that I was able to get her that excited and I sucked harder and played with this wonderful new toy with my lips, tongue and teeth. I don't know exactly how many times Monique came but finally she finally went stiff and then collapsed on the bed, her body in spasms. As I lay there my thoughts returned to my earlier convictions that I wouldn't engage in sex with anyone else but Martin. I wouldn't make love with Monique again, that there wouldn't be a next time and that I wouldn't reciprocate with Monique. They were all false promises that I made to myself. I was incapable of resisting her charms and who knows who else I would be unable to resist. Only time would tell. If only Martin had not left me. Two weeks seemed so long now.

"That was beautiful you were marvelous. I cannot believe that it was your first time with a woman Jeanne," Monique sighed.

I was turned on again and I lay on my back next to Monique and my hands went to my pussy. I started to finger myself anxious to cum yet again. I did not notice Monique get off the bed and leave the room. My eyes were closed and I was furiously flicking my clit when she returned.

"Jeanne I have a surprise for you," she said in a sultry tone, "I just bought this today but I had no idea that I would get to use it so soon."

I opened my eyes and saw Monique standing by the bed wearing a strap-on dildo. I was shocked as I had never seen one of these at least not with a woman wearing one. Monique knelt on the bed between my legs and pressed her lips down hard on mine kissing me until my lips parted and her tongue entered my mouth. I reached down and wrapped my hand around the fake cock that was touching my inner thighs. I wasn't exactly sure what to do next but Monique showed me. Without a word Monique moved my legs apart and slid the flexible dong into my soaking wet pussy. There was no resistance at all I was so wet that the head slipped in easily.

As Monique slid the fake cock inside me I lifted my knees and closed my eyes surrendering myself to her. I gave into her and whatever was to come next. Then I felt something fierce burst inside me as Monique thrust her hips in one hard fast motion driving into me causing me to cry out. I grasped the bed sheets and my cries got louder with each thrust of Monique's cock into me.

"Harder, harder fuck me harder," I screamed thrusting my hips up to meet Monique, "Oh God, oui, se bon," I continued mixing French and English.

Monique hooked her arms under my knees and held on her thrusts becoming harder and faster. I could feel that tension building again that sweet fire that I so often sought and the pressure was mounting. Without warning I screamed out my body suddenly tensing and arching up off the bed. My cumming pushed Monique over the edge and we both exploded together. Monique collapsed on top of me our breast pressing together. We lay quietly with the fake cock still buried in my pussy until Monique rolled off me and lay on her back next to me. I looked down at her and the saw the menacing dildo pointing in the air. It looked obscene on Monique's petite body. I thought to myself, "That I just had one of the best fucks of my life."

Monique removed the harness from her body and she showed me the dildo up close. She pointed out the little knob on the one end that rubbed the wearer's clit when she was fucking her partner. Then she surprised me by taking it her mouth and licking clean of all me juices.
