 As Vijaya watched Uday, her eyes clouded with worry. His jaw was clenched and sweat trickled down his cheeks, and every few moments his body was convulsed with a chill, she didn't need to ask him how bad it was and she knew. 

Normally, by now, he would have been on the kidney machine at the hospital. But they had stretched the interval out by one more day. They were desperately stringing out the last few treatments as far as they possibly could, "Uday, the hospital?" she offered desperately.

"No!" He bit the word out, his jaw snapping sharply on the single syllable.

"But it's dangerous," she pointed out unnecessarily. Now the intervals between his treatments were going beyond the merely uncomfortable.

They were taking a calculated risk and a miscalculation could be fatal.

Getting everything set for the final closing on the KNs' house had dragged on and on and on. Uday's time on the kidney machine had dwindled and dwindled. They were down to the final bitter end. "I have to go," she sighed sadly. She was beginning to feel that she and Uday couldn't possibly win against the odds. 

"Don't worry, I'll be here when you get back," Uday assured her tightly.

"You damn well better be," she growled in a feeble attempt at humor. They both knew there was only one place he could go now. Once in the car she blinked back her tears and coaxed the tired motor to life. Then she remembered, shut it off, and got out the gallon can of recycled oil. Wrestling the hood up, she refilled the crankcase. It had become a morning ritual to keep the car alive. As she drove to the office, Vijaya focused her mind on what she had to do. Uday couldn't possibly last another month. Somehow, she had to get the date for the closing moved up. The KNs had been stalling for no reason Vijaya could figure. The bank had been stalling, in spite of Raj's approval, because they wanted to hold on to the money as long as they could. And Badri Dayal was in no hurry because the down payment money was picking up interest in a savings account.

No one was impatient but Vijaya.

"Hi, Beautiful," another agent greeted her.

"Any calls?" Vijaya asked, trying to sound casual.

"Nope. You expecting any?"

"Not really," Vijaya lied. She sat at her desk and fiddled.

"Wish I could figure it out," the other agent muttered softly after a long silence.

"Figure what out?" Vijaya asked.

"KN," the man answered.

Vijaya thought he had said "cane". "Tried the shoe shop down the street?" she asked.

"Not 'cane' as in 'sugar', but 'KN' as in 'Ripu'," the man snapped.

Vijaya's heart skipped a beat. "What about Ripu KN?" she asked.

"He's selling his house," the man answered. "As a matter of fact, I hear it is sold."

Vijaya felt as if she was going to faint. "Nonsense," she croaked.

"It's not nonsense. I got the straight poop from an unimpeachable source."

"Who?" Vijaya asked. God, was her whole world coming down around her all at once?

"Secretary at the bank handled the paperwork on the mortgage. And another one did the deed for the lawyer."

Vijaya muttered a foul expletive about secretaries who talked.

"Well, if it's sold, it's sold," Vijaya said in a resigned tone.

"Nothing we can do about it."

"The thing that gets me is, I can't figure out who handled the deal," the salesman went on. "I absolutely cannot get a peep out of anyone. You'd think whoever pulled off a deal that big would be bragging all over town about it."

"Maybe it was a private deal - no agent," Vijaya suggested desperately.

"Not likely. It's too big, too much money's involved."

"How much?" Vijaya asked innocently.

"A Crore and a half."

Vijaya tried to whistle. She had the feeling that the listing agreement was burning a hole through the bottom of her desk.

"One thing's for certain," the salesman went on. "Whoever pulled this off is really, really sharp. They got an unwilling seller and an unwilling buyer together, got mortgage money, all in the tightest real estate history. That is some salesman."

"Sure is," Vijaya agreed wholeheartedly. "You going to be here all day?"

"You going out again?"

Vijaya nodded. "Nothing to do here. Maybe I can scare up something if I go out."

"Lots of luck," the man snorted, and picked up a paperback book.

"See you."

"Worse and worser," Vijaya muttered sourly to herself as she drove toward the KNs' house. If she didn't close the deal quickly, the whole lid was going to blow off it and Uday would be dead. She had to get the closing moved up. The KNs were both home, both out by the pool. When Ripu had come to the door in his robe, Vijaya had braced herself. Sandhya was stretched out on her stomach in the sun, her nicely rounded, smooth buttocks tanning slowly.

"Have a swim?" KN invited cordially.

"No, I . . ."

"A swim will definitely improve your outlook," he told her easily.

Vijaya sighed. She didn't want to. Lord, how she didn't want to. She didn't want to take the time, and she didn't want to feel like she was being used by the whole damn world. But now, more than ever, she had no choice.

The fact that Sandhya KN rolled over and sat up as Vijaya began undressing made it all the harder. Undressing for Ripu KN that first time, or rather being undressed by him, had been bad enough. Something about having husband and wife, both of whom had "had" her, both watching, made it pure agony for Vijaya to bare herself in front of them. She felt sick, miserable and ashamed as she stripped her slender body and exposed it to the harsh sunlight.

Sandhya KN's eyes were unreadable behind her dark glasses. There was a faint smile on her elegant lips. Her streaked hair was casually loose, down over her tan shoulders. She had turned over and looked totally relaxed. Her nipples were flat, her feet spread slightly so her pussy was exposed to the bright sun. 

"A swim," Ripu KN said firmly.

Dutifully, Vijaya followed him across the deck and into the cool blue water. She swam with him to the end of the pool, then clung to the edge when he stopped and turned to face her.

"Well?" he asked.

Vijaya took a deep breath, feeling the cool water caress her sharp nipples and her hot pussy. She was agonizingly aware Sandhya KN was watching them from the other end of the pool.

"I want to get the closing date moved to this Friday," Vijaya blurted out.

"And?"

Vijaya shook her head in frustration. She knew he was purposely being difficult. "Will you agree to having the closing this Friday?" she asked.

KN shrugged. "It's all right with me."

Vijaya felt a surge of relief. So simple!

"But you'll have to talk to Sandhya, too," KN continued, nodding in his wife's direction.

"Doesn't she want to get moved?"

KN ducked under the water. When he emerged, his face was sparkling wet. When he smiled his teeth looked very sharp and white against his tanned face. "Why don't we go talk with her and see?" he suggested quietly.

Vijaya was at a loss. She was being manipulated, and she knew it. But where was it leading? Ripu KN matched her stroke for stroke as she swam to the shallow end. When she stood up in the waist-deep water, she knew, in spite of the dark glasses, that Sandhya KN's eyes were focused on her.

Ripu was at her side as she slogged up the steps. Out of the corner of her eye she saw his cock bobbing along ahead of him like a blunt lance. He had a titanic erection. Why?

"Vijaya - ah, Mrs. Sanorita, wants to get the closing date moved up," Ripu KN informed his wife. "I told her she would have to discuss the matter with you."

Vijaya didn't miss the emphasis on the word "discuss" and neither did Sandhya KN. The elegant woman's smile broadened. Her mouth opened slightly and there was a flash of white teeth as she licked her lips meaningfully.

"I see," Sandhya KN said softly.

"Mrs. KN, I . . ."

"Please, call me Sandhya."

Vijaya nodded and opened her mouth to start again.

"I am open to discussion," Sandhya KN added. The statuesque woman spread her legs, wider and wider. The long, graceful fingers of one hand combed through her lush pubic bush. Vijaya suddenly caught on to what the KNs were leading up to and she darted a quick glance at Ripu KN. He was grinning hotly and had a monstrous erection.

"Convince me," Sandhya KN said softly, fingering her pussy. "Use that wonderful mouth of yours, and convince me."

Vijaya felt sick. She also felt hot. Her mouth was watering at the sight of Sandhya KN's pussy. She didn't want to - but she did! Besides, what else could she do?

"Come," Sandhya KN ordered in a husky voice, beckoning with one hand, still fingering her sex with the other. Her throat knotted with revulsion and excitement, Vijaya advanced on the tan and blonde woman on the lounge. Approaching Sandhya from the foot of the lounge, Vijaya had an unobstructed view of the woman's most intimate parts, the pouting, hairy lips of her pussy, the flash of pink in the heart of her bush, even the secret, dark crack that hid her anus. Now Sandhya's nipples were stiff and excited, her breasts sagging slightly because of her semi-prone position. Vijaya's shins banged the foot of the lounge. She sank to her knees on the plastic webbing. She crawled slowly up between Sandhya's spread legs. Vijaya couldn't take her eyes off her dark hairy goal.

Vijaya slowly and reluctantly lowered her face toward the hairy pocket. There was no stimulation of her own pussy to encourage her this time. But she still felt a gut-twisting, perverted excitement at what she was about to do. She had heard that men found watching lesbian acts sexy sensual and exciting and she wondered what Ripu KN thought of it, what he was doing. Sandhya KN placed one hand on the back of Vijaya's head and pushed it down into her pussy. Vijaya resisted, but just barely.

She closed her eyes, smelled warm sex and then felt kinky, wiry hair on her nose, her cheeks. Then her face was being driven into hot, soft flesh. Her nose was swallowed in thick female sex smell. Vijaya opened her mouth, drilled her tongue into the hot, juicy flesh and tasted the metallic flavor of a woman's juices. The hand on the back of Vijaya's head gave her no escape. Sandhya's lean, smooth thighs closed on the sides of her head, trapping Vijaya completely in the hot, steaming pocket of female sex. Vijaya raped her tongue into Sandhya's hot, oozing sex. She drilled deep into the dripping well of Sandhya's vagina. Harsh pubic hair scratched her cheeks as she lapped and lapped in Sandhya's crack and blindly, Vijaya snuffled through the clinging terrain in search of Sandhya's clitoris. Locating the hard little button with her lips, Vijaya sucked it into her mouth and then munched on it with her lips and tongue. She rolled and squeezed and tormented Sandhya's nerve-loaded protrusion. Sandhya's hips heaved, hammering her pussy into Vijaya's sex. Sandhya looked fondly down at the top of Vijaya's head and Vijaya's smooth, slender, graceful bare back. Vijaya's ass was high in the air and her pale buttocks were gleaming in the sun. Waves of fire bathed Sandhya as she was devoured by Vijaya's working mouth. Her mouth sagging open with pleasure, Sandhya smiled a slow sensuous smile, and nodded languidly at her husband. As he came up behind Vijaya, Sandhya pressed down on the back of Vijaya's head with her hand and clenched her thighs.

Vijaya's own sex was weeping with frustration. She was horny. Stimulating Sandhya KN with her mouth was getting Vijaya incredibly excited. Her own pussy was empty and ignored, while Sandhya KN's was getting an oral fucking that was driving her wild. Vijaya was suffocating in Sandhya's pussy, and dying of frustration at the same time. Sandhya's sudden shove on the back of Vijaya's head drove her nose deep into Sandhya's crotch. At the Same time the bones of Vijaya's head creaked from the increased pressure of Sandhya's thighs. What was happening?

The lounge behind Vijaya sagged. Who . . .? Ripu KN! The man, Sandhya's husband, he was behind her! What was he doing? Vijaya tried to escape. Her face, smothered in dripping, oozing, hairy pussy, was trapped between two strong thighs. There were hands on Vijaya's ass, Ripu KN's hands. They stroked and pinched her upraised buttocks. Then he was gripping her waist in his strong hands. What was he going to do? What was Ripu KN doing back there? The sturdy man knelt behind Vijaya, studying her ass admiringly. It was so nice and rounded and firm and exciting, two lush round buns separated by a deep, exciting crack. And down between her thighs was a dark, intriguing bush and two bulging pouting labia. In the dark, crack between those lips was an exciting gooey sparkle.

He levered his cock down the length of the crack of Vijaya's ass and it bumped over the bud of her anus. Vijaya lurched at the fiery probe, and gasped into Sandhya's steaming pussy. Oh God -! What a sensation! What was going on back there? Vijaya felt a stab of disappointment when the rubbery head of KN's cock slipped past her asshole and nestled into her aching, hungry extremely tight anus. KN set the head of his cock into Vijaya's pussy and pushed. He slowly drove his stocky cock into Vijaya's ass from behind, dog fashion. Holding Vijaya's trim waist in his strong hands, he drilled his phallus into her wet, clinging socket. Vijaya blubbered into Sandhya's dripping pussy. The feel of a male organ being driven into her rectum spurred Vijaya on to greater efforts on Sandhya's pussy. Vijaya slurped and slurped at Sandhya's copious juices as she took the full bulk of Ripu's cock into her ass. "Aaaahhhh, Great Heaven," Sandhya KN wailed to the skies asher orgasm went on and on and on.

Ripu rammed his cock into Vijaya's ass, drew back, and pounded it home again, his body slapping up against the cushions of her buttocks. Reaching down under Vijaya with both hands, he found her breasts with one, and dug the fingers of his other into her dripping pussy. He sank his fingers into her streaming slit mangling her clitoris and then finding where his cock was drilling into her streaming ass hole. He heaved at her, slamming his bulky cock into her searing, clinging vagina again and again and again. Vijaya was cumming. It was a fiery, muscle-knotting orgasm from the cock in her ass, the hand mangling her pussy, the fingers clawing her quivering breasts. She was climaxing too because of the sex she had her face buried in and the way Sandhya's hips were heaving and rolling under her working mouth. Worming her hand into the tangle of bodies, Vijaya located Sandhya KN's asshole and jammed her finger at it. Her finger slipped easily into the tight ring it was so well lubricated with Sandhya's copious cum.

Sandhya began shrieking ecstatically, and kicked her lovely long legs wildly on either side of Vijaya's head. She thrashed insanely with Vijaya's mouth at her crotch, Vijaya's finger up her

anus. At the tail end of the chain, Ripu KN removed the dick from the ass and slammed his swollen prick into Vijaya's tight vagina one last time. The sight of his wife's insane convulsions had been the final straw. His balls erupted in a tidal wave of searing cum. He hauled Vijaya tight against him, squashed her buttocks against his hard hips, and poured his semen deep into her vagina. The jolt of Ripu KN's last final heave slammed Vijaya's face against the unyielding arch of Sandhya's pubic bone. Battered and exhausted as she was, Vijaya felt her orgasm climb another notch. She felt the cock in her pulsing and pumping and emptying into her abused, ecstatic vagina. She milked every glorious drop of cum from Ripu KN's pumping shaft while she savored every flicker of the burning pleasure of her own intense orgasm.

Finally, her pleasure fading, and feeling aching and empty, Vijaya hauled her face out of Sandhya's soggy pussy. Her cheeks and chin covered with spit and the other woman's cum, Vijaya rested her head on the sleek, satin inside of one of Sandhya's thighs and concentrated on just breathing. Her face was inches from Sandhya's cummy bush and Vijaya could smell the pleasure she had given the other woman.

"Ah!" Vijaya squalled convulsively as she felt the cock filling her suddenly withdraw from her vagina. Too exhausted to move, Vijaya remained with her ass high in the air, her thighs and buttocks shining with semen. It felt cold as it dried on her flesh. Her cheeks too were cold from evaporating fluids.

"Awwww," Sandhya sighed from the depths of her being and weakly, Vijaya hauled herself upright. She stepped carefully off the lounge chair. Ripu KN was sitting hunched over, panting heavily. Sandhya was sprawled on her back with her legs spread wide open, her pussy shining a wet pink in the heart of her bush. Her marvelous, full breasts heaved as she fought for breath. Vijaya tottered over to her clothes and fumbled them into order. Then she began to dress. When she felt decent, or rather, presentable, she turned to her clients. They hadn't moved.

"Friday," she said firmly.

Both of the KNs looked at her and nodded.

"Ten in the morning," Vijaya added. "Be there."

"We'll be there," Ripu KN assured her.

Without another word, Vijaya left them. She coaxed the smoking old car across town to the bank parking lot. Sundar Raj's face lit up when he saw her. Without waiting for the receptionist to announce her, the banker came bustling out of his office.

"Mrs. Sanorita, this is indeed an unexpected pleasure," the vice president gushed. He took her arm possessively and guided her smoothly to his office.

As Vijaya sat down she heard the lock on the door click. With her purse in her lap, her hands folded primly over it, she sat sternly erect. She didn't feel like a prissy school teacher though, because of the sticky wetness in her crotch.

"Miss Ebener, no calls, no interruptions," the banker said into the telephone. Then he tried to appear casual, perching one hip on the edge of his desk so he could look down on Vijaya, and her neckline.

"Now, Mrs. Sanorita, what can I do for you?" he asked.

"You can move the closing date on the Dayal-KN deal up to this Friday," Vijaya said succinctly.

The banker's face tightened, became blank and unhelpful.

"Well now. That, ahem, is easier said than done. We must, of course, have the agreement of the sellers to meet with us then."

"They'll be here at ten o'clock."

"This Friday?" Raj asked, turning pages on his calendar.

"This Friday."

"Hmmmm," the banker murmured noncommittally.

Vijaya reached out and deftly lifted the calendar out of his hands. Nothing that the space for ten in the morning on Friday was blank, she extracted the pen from the desk set. Quickly and neatly she filled in the space: "KN-Dayal Closing."

"There. I'm glad there was no conflicting appointment," she observed quietly.

The banker's expression was unreadable as he tilted his head to inspect the calendar through the lower half of his bifocals, then lowered his head to inspect Vijaya through the top half. "Hm,"he mused softly, pursing his lips. "Well now," he muttered vaguely. "We must, of course, obtain the necessary funds. That could take some time. These are hard times, Mrs. Sanorita, money is very tight. I'll have to arrange a meeting with the bank president."

Vijaya picked up the telephone and held it out to him. He eyed it distastefully.

"Yes, sir?" Miss Ebener inquired timely from the receiver.

"Nothing," Sundar Raj said softly before pushing the cut-off button down.

"On the other hand," he commented, "it seems to me that I may have clearance to release those funds."

"I thought so," Vijaya replied.

"Now there is the problem of Mr. Dayal," Raj pointed out. "Naturally, he must be prepared to close on the deal this Friday, also."

Vijaya stood up. "He will be."

The banker's face had fallen as soon as Vijaya had gotten up out of her chair. "You're not leaving so soon, are you?"
