 Debbie works for a firm of accountants in York, she has been there for seven years now and has forged up some good friendships both female and male during that period. She has also attended numerous training courses some of which were residential staying in first class hotels and recently she was away for two nights on yet another course, something to do with tax laws and money laundering, real boring stuff but necessary in her job. On that occasion she went with three others from her company. There was Angie, a new member of staff who Debbie did not know too well and two juniors, Carl and Mark, who were best mates both in and out of work. Angie was semi retired and looked to be aged about sixty but she had a lovely manner to her and everybody liked her.

Carl was twenty two years old and Mark twenty four, they were always having a laugh and never stopped talking about girls. They had recently returned from Ibiza and boasted to anyone who would listen about their exploits. Just last week Carl showed Debbie his newly acquired tattoo, a full sleeve of it to add to the others he had. He once even pulled his pants down to just above his manhood so he could show her the dragon he had a few inches below his naval, Debbie was not offended by the familiarity because he was just like that with everyone else and he was after all, still just a big boy really. Mark was much the same only a little older. He also loved his tattoos, girls and partying and he loved older women.

Let me tell you a bit about Debbie at this point. She is forty six years old but looks a little younger. She has short reddish hair and a lovely figure, curvy hips and a pert bottom. Her boobs are not big but she is quite happy with them. She considers herself a very professional person and dress's accordingly. Nails always painted and impeccable. Heels and dresses all the time. She knows she looks well for her age and delights in it but always knows where to draw the line and will flirt but only to a point. She is happily married with two teenage daughters and has never been unfaithful to her husband, they have been married for twenty years.

So as I was saying she recently went away to Newcastle for a three day course and stayed at the Holiday Inn some five miles from the training complex. On day one, the Tuesday, Debbie went straight to the complex and met her three colleagues there. The course started at 10.30 am and went on until 5.30 after which they all made their way to the hotel and agreed to meet in the bar at eight o clock so they could eat together. Debbie booked in to her room and unpacked her case. She hung her dress hanger in the wardrobe and stripped off her days clothes then jumped into the shower, she loved showering and many times she would soap herself in intimate places, especially when she was in a hotel, it always made her feel a little horny, like most people she guessed. Half way through her shower she was aware of the phone ringing so she got out and answered it while patting herself with a towel. It was Carl. He apologised for ringing and asked if she had brought any toothpaste as he had forgotten his, she said she had and he agreed to come to her room and collect it. Debbie quickly dried herself but the knock came on the door much sooner than she was expecting, Carl's room was only down the corridor. She shouted him to hang on and wrapped herself in the hotels bath towel, it was not very large but would do she thought. She opened the door and told Carl to come in while she went and got the toothpaste. He apologised again and said even Mark had not brought any and as they were sharing their room could they both use it. Debbie laughed and told him to keep it. She handed it to him and then became aware that the towel she was covering up with was gaping at the bottom because Carl's eyes briefly flashed downwards. He looked at her and smiled with a cheeky wink. She blushed then playfully slapped him on his arm and told him to get out. Carl pushed it and asked if there was anything she needed doing, it was his way and she knew that. She told him no and to get out. He laughed as he left and said he would see her downstairs for dinner in an hour.

Debbie made sure the door was latched shut then dropped the towel and laid on the bed naked. "Why do hotels always make me feel horny?" she wondered. She closed her eyes and drifted into a sexual fantasy about Carl. Before too long she was fingering herself, it felt wrong thinking about this lad who was young enough to be her son but she persisted anyway. She stopped short of an orgasm though and got up and began to ready herself for the meal. An hour later she was ready, she was wearing a flowery dress which nipped in at the waist and flowed outwards to its end just above her knees. It was not low cut but would gape a little when she bent over, that was fine she thought. She wore pink stilettos but no tights or stockings as her legs were still brown from the sunbathing she did in her garden. She wore a very feminine lace bra which cupped her 34b breasts perfectly. Covering her hairless girlie region was her usual thong, she never worn anything but. This one was pink and quite see through. it was hemmed in a dark red and, in the right light, could be seen through her dress. She sprayed her perfume on, grabbed her clutch bag, pink like her shoes, and headed out to the lifts.

The other three were already in the bar when Debbie arrived and Mark had got the round in, he had bought Debbie a glass of Chardonnay which she was delighted with. They all sat around a table and studied the menu taken from the hotel restaurant nearby. They chatted away and the lads topped up everyone's drinks then they went through and settled down for their dinners. 

After much eating and dinking, laughing and joking they left the restaurant and agreed to go out to a local wine bar which was close by. It was more like a night club to be honest with very loud music and not many seats but they had managed to get sat down in a corner on them cheap leather circular benches. The lights were down low and there was a small dance floor with a handful of people on. After half an hour or so Angie said she was tired and was going back to get some sleep, Mark very nobly offered to walk her back as he was off too and shouted to Carl to not make a noise when he got back as he needs his sleep also, he then whispered into his mates ear and they both grinned and touched fists. Mark and Angie made their goodnights and left.

Carl got up close to Debbie's ear and said he was getting the drinks in again, Debbie put her hand on his shoulder and said into his ear to not get her one as she was already a little bit tipsy. As he got up she breathed in his aftershave, it was really nice she thought and she made a mental note to find out what it was so she could get some for her husband. As the dance floor was filling up the music seemed to get even louder and more people were coming in, just as she thought about getting back to the hotel Carl returned with drinks in hand. Debbie told him off and said this would have to be her last as she wanted a clear head for the morning, they continued chatting by speaking closely into each others ears. At one point Carl leaned into Debbie too much and he had to rest his hand on her thigh to stop falling on her. He apologised but left his hand there for way longer than he should. Debbie seemed happy though so no matter.

The time was closing in on eleven when Carl asked Debbie to get up and dance. Debbie declined but Carl, who was now quite drunk, would not take no for an answer and pulled on her arm. She stood up and in a flash Carl had wrapped his right arm around her waist while still clinging on to his pint with his left. He stooped and put the drink down then led her side by side onto the dance floor. It was very lively now and space was not easy to find. They danced a while to a fast beat and Debbie was rather enjoying herself. She like dancing and the drink was certainly removing her usual inhibitions. Then, after just a few minutes, a slower paced song came on and Carl immediately stepped up close and put both his hands around Debbie's waist, he said into her ear how he loved this song and then began to sway from side to side to the beat while all the time holding her just above her bottom. Debbie decided to go along with the smooch at least for a short while and placed both her hands on his shoulders. She felt Carl slowly pull her towards him as they swayed together, she felt his breath on her neck and she felt his manhood growing down below as he pushed it against her stomach. She seriously wanted to stop it and call it a night but the fact was that she liked it too much. A few minutes later and Carl was getting very close now, he kissed her neck and as he did his hands slid down and rested on her bottom. She felt his fingers beginning to grip her, she really liked it but she asked him to knock it off. He said something in jest and moved his hands back to her waist. They carried on dancing for a little while then Debbie said she really needed to get back to the hotel. Carl reluctantly agreed and they walked back together. The hotel lobby was still quite busy as they got into the lift. The doors closed and Debbie pushed the button for the third floor. Carl joked about the night still being young and asked if she wanted to go to his room for coffee. They both laughed at how cheesy that had sounded. Debbie said she probably would have had a quick last drink but pointed out that Mark would be in there asleep so she was off straight to bed.

Carl was having none of it and once again put his arm around her and led her down the corridor. He said Mark would be fast asleep now so all would be fine if they kept quiet. Debbie declined and as they passed Carls door she said she was off to bed. Carl made one last effort to get her into his room, he pulled her close and snuggled his face into her neck below her ear. He then slid down onto his knees and took both her hands in his and began to jokingly beg. At this point a couple came out of a room some dozen doors away and headed towards them, Debbie felt embarrassed with Carl still on his knees so she told Carl to get up and get in quickly, she would have one quick drink then she was off. Carl slid the key card into the slot and they both disappeared inside.

The room was very dimly lit by the light filtering in through the heavy curtains and Debbie's first impression was the smell of aftershave and men's toiletries. It was an agreeable smell though. Carl had pushed the door closed and was standing in the little porch that led off to the shower room to the left or straight on to the rooms lounge come bedroom. Debbie had her back towards the door. They both stood quite still for a few seconds then Carl moved to her and cupped her head in his hands, he then kissed her firmly on the lips. The kiss was reciprocated and Debbie's mouth opened just a little to taste his lapping tongue. Somewhere between getting out of the lift and arriving at his door she had decided she was going to let him fuck her and now it was going to happen. His hands left her face and slid down her rear until once again they were gripping her bottom. This time she did not complain, she just let him continue.

He pulled her bottom into him and she felt him grow again. She felt him push in and out as a man does when he is sexually aroused, it felt enormous. Then his hands were under her dress at the back and squeezing her naked bottom. His fingers pushing her thong aside and feeling deep under her and between her slightly parted legs. She arched her back a little to accept them fingers into her wetness, he slid them into her and she gulped at his eagerness. All the time his hips were moving back and forth as he pushed his ever increasing cock against her tummy. They kissed passionately and licked at each others mouths and tongues, gently biting lips and constantly exploring each other. Debbie's head was exploding, she wanted everything he had. She let her hand trace down his shirt and passed his belt. She stopped when her fingers touched his now fully erect cock. It was very, very big she thought. She liked that a lot. Carl now began to unzip her dress at the back, one long pull and it was completely undone. He reached up and pulled off the dress from her shoulders then pulled it down over her arms until it dropped to the floor. In an instant he had undone her bra and that too had dropped to the floor. Debbie continued to fondle his cock end through his pants. 

She was now naked but for her thong and her pink shoes. The room was a little lighter now that their eyes had grown accustomed to it but not that much. Carl undid his belt and pants and let them also fall to the floor, Debbie was unbuttoning his shirt while they continued to kiss and fondle each other. She felt Carls hands on her breasts, squeezing then stroking then squeezing again. Then he knelt down again and began to kiss her stomach while he gripped her bottom, his tongue getting ever lower until, in one move, he thumbed her thong to one side and slid his tongue into her slit and up to her clit, he sucked in all that skin and lapped away at her in a mad frenzy.

Debbie ran her fingers through his short dark hair and came to an orgasm as she pressed his head onto her pussy, he never stopped sucking and licking. She could barely still stand and her head continued to explode, she moaned loudly as he carried on licking. She pulled him up and began to kiss and eat his mouth while she was still cumming, now she knelt down her back still against the door and with both hands yanked down his boxers, his huge cock flopped out almost hitting her in the face. She took it in her right hand while rubbing her clit with her left. She wanked him vigorously right in front of her face. Carl was moaning in ecstasy as she licked and sucked the big end. He felt her teeth chew at it, he felt her tongue drawing circles around the slit, he felt his precum dribbling onto her face. He held the back of her head with both hands and gently fucked her mouth, she gagged on a number of occasions as he thrust it too far down her throat. It did not stop him though, he was far too excited now.

Then, as he thrust in and out, in and out, she was rewarded with a spurt of hot cum deep into the back of her mouth. She pulled her head back and watched his pulsing volcano erupt. Carl was groaning and growling as his cum covered Debbie's face. She still held his cock and it continued to pulse every few seconds with more creamy cum, she was like a woman possessed, licking it off his bell end and continually sucking and biting it, she loved feeling it pulse while it was in her mouth. After a couple more minutes they both walked into the room proper and Debbie saw the twin beds. In the dim light she could make out Mark who was laid on the nearest bed on his side facing away from them. Carl gingerly led her around Marks bed and laid her on his. She whispered to Carl about Mark and how she hoped he was asleep, Carl told her not to worry and proceeded to fondle Debbie's boobs as she lay next to him propped up on one elbow. Carl had got in bed on the side away from Mark and was already rubbing himself against her. Debbie now had her back to Carl and was facing Mark. She found it strangely sexy that if Mark opened his eyes right now he would see her completely naked looking back at him not more than two feet away with his mates hands all over her boobs. Carl in the meantime had pulled back the curtain which was right next to him and the room was now filled with a little more light. 

Debbie reached her hand down behind her and took hold of Carls cock, it was a little soft but still huge. She wanted it inside her now so she spun around and began to wank him gently. It did not take long for his cock to become rock hard again and Debbie climbed on top of him and guided his cock into position. She relaxed onto it and he began to push upwards. Now it seemed even bigger as inch by thick inch it worked its way inside her tight wet hole. Finally she had it all in and then she began to ride him. Slowly at first then fast then slow again. She sat up straight then arched her back as Carl fondled her boobs, she rubbed her clit as she rode him and within minutes she was on the verge of coming again. It felt fantastic and she savoured every second, playing with him. She would lean forward and kiss him very passionately, biting his lips and his neck, she even gave him a love bite. Debbie was on the verge of cumming when, completely without warning, she felt a third hand touching her. She looked to her left and there was Mark, cock in hand, stroking her thigh. She could see his big grin in the window light and his even bigger cock. Panic kicked in and she pushed Mark's hand away but he just laughed and put it back.

She looked at Carl and he was looking at Mark, the both of them smiling like Cheshire Cats, was this planned? The sneaky bastards. Mark slid over so that he could reach Debbie's pussy which was still sat on Carl's cock. He licked his three longest fingers and began to gently rub her clit. It felt fucking fantastic so she carried on riding Carl while Mark carried on playing with her pussy. She could feel Mark's fingers touch Carl's cock every so often, she wondered if they might be more than just friends but did not care either way, she just found it incredibly erotic. 

Within minutes Mark had stood up at the side of the bed, totally naked with an even bigger cock than Carl's. He began to run his fingers through Debbie's hair clearly encouraging her to suck him off. Debbie was on cloud nine now, she could not believe what she was doing, what she was letting these two lads do but she was not going to stop, not yet anyhow. She smiled as she grabbed Mark's cock and then she licked its end. Once it was wet with her saliva she took it into her mouth and sucked and sucked and sucked. It tasted delicious. As she sucked and wanked Mark Carl was still pushing his hips up and down, trying to ram her with his tool, Debbie continued to ride him until she reached a mind blowing, body shattering orgasm. She screamed and screamed as the two guys grabbed and groped at her. Then she pulled herself off Carl and pushed Mark onto his bed and onto his back. She practically jumped into the air to get over his massive erection then, with the wettest pussy she had ever had, slid onto it and let it ease deep inside. She would later play with herself and think about this moment more than any other, straight off one boys cock, straight onto another boys cock. What a turn on!

She fucked Mark until he began to cum at which point Carl had stood next to her so the roles were totally reversed, this time she was sucking Carl while Mark was penetrating her. Mark began to cum and pulled out his cock just in time to shower her boobs and belly, as he was cumming she was rubbing her hands in all that young cream and then licking it off insatiably. It was the dirtiest, whore like thing she had ever done and it felt amazing. She flipped over onto Carls bed and Mark pushed his bed right next to Carl's. Then they both lay next to her one on each side and gently stroked her soft, hot skin. She took hold of both their cocks and gently wanked them as she lay on her back and they continued to fondle her. It was the sexiest moment of her life.

Soon after Debbie got up and picked up her dress from the floor along with her bra, when she could find it and her shoes. She made her way to the bathroom and got dressed. Looking in the mirror she found herself smiling. She had never done that before, not even got close yet there she was, a married forty something with two strapping young men naked on the bed she had just left. It felt incredibly wrong and she did fight her conscience over the weeks ahead but her man never would find out and what he never knew would not hurt him. She straightened up her hair and came back into the bedroom. Carl and Mark still lay there, not asleep, they were talking quietly. She walked over and sat on the edge of the nearest bed, then she reached over and kissed both of them in turn on the lips.
