 I am not sure why I too the pill. I suppose that it seemed like a good idea at the time, or rather, it didn't, and I was done with good ideas. A full course load during my senior year of University was a good idea so that I would be ahead when I started graduate school in the fall. Coming home for spring break to rest and work on my senior thesis instead of heading to the beach with my roommate was also a good idea. I had been full of good ideas from a young age, and my life was showing the results. I was the first in my cohort, and a full scholarship to continue. I had given up the experimentation that most young adults pursue during college and in exchange I had delved deep into the world of psychology. There was little time for beer or parties when I had been given full access to the student labs. My weekends were spent with the professors. No, I wasn't in their beds, trying to raise my grades; I was sharing coffee and discussing the latest research in behavioral therapy. 

The last weekend of spring break my thesis was complete. I was at home, in an empty house, and had nothing to do. I had not experienced that sensation for at least four years. I called Hannah, my only friend from high school who had stayed in town. She had emailed me at the beginning of the break, asking to meet up if I had time. I hadn't, but suddenly I did. I decided that I would see what the wild blonde was up to. Of course she was up to the same things that she had been up to in high school; all night parties, and sleeping off hangovers the next morning. She invited me to tag along to the party that she was going to. 

The party was the classic spring break trash. By eleven the house that it was being held in smelled of beer sloshed on the floor and sweat from dancing bodies. Couples were making out in the corners. I was beginning to think that I would just go home, but realized that Hannah had driven and, sandwiched between two young men, she did not look like she would be leaving any time soon. I was debating calling my father's friend, Dan, to see if I could sleep over at his house. He lived two doors down from the party and was such a good family friend that the request would not be questioned. I was just about to head outside when a younger boy offered me a pill. 

"You look like you could use a little more fun," he said, opening up his fist to reveal a large blue pill. 

"I don't think I need that kind of fun," I rolled my eyes. 

"Sure you do. You've never done x before, have you?" 

"No, of course not." 

"Of course not!" he mocked me, "You're a psych major, aren't you?" 

"Yeah. Did Hannah tell you?" 

"Nope, I can just tell. The way you watch everyone. You are judging us. No, no, not in a bad way. Maybe judging is the wrong word. You are evaluating. You went off to the big city to learn about life, and I believe you did, sure. But you will learn more from one night with this pill than you learned all your time at college." 

"Yeah, right." 

He shrugged and closed his hand, "I was just offering." 

I reached my hand out and stopped him from turning away. "You know, wait. Thanks. I think I could use a little more fun." 

He smiled, "Right on!" He handed me the pill, and kissed my cheek, "Have fun, lady." 

I found a bottle of water and put the pill on my tongue. It was bitter and the water did not help to wash the flavor down. I became suddenly nervous as I waited for it to kick in. Sure, I had studied the effects of ecstasy. I knew what to expect. I had even seen my roommates come home still slightly high on it. It wasn't exactly a scary drug, but I had heard some horror stories. I realized that I knew no one at the party that I was at. I couldn't find Hannah and assumed that she had decided on one of the boys that she was with, or maybe both of them, and moved to a more secluded spot to increase the level of groping they were involved in. Young men just waiting to take advantage of young women surrounded me, and I had to get out of there. 

I made my way to the front door, and out of the house, and immediately felt better as the cool night air rushed in around me. My skin tingled and I realized that the pill must have been taking affect. Perhaps that was what had spurred my moment of panic. I felt the first waves of pleasure rush over me like the tiny bubbles at the head of a wave and I thought that maybe it hadn't been such a bad idea. But I had no desire to head back into that hot, crowded room when the night looked so beautiful. 

I remembered my earlier thought of going to Dan's house. He was a sweet guy, about ten years younger than my father. They met at the hospital where they both worked and immediately became good friends. Dan was a lot like the cool uncle of the family, and I thought that there was a good chance that he would still be awake on a Saturday night. He would know how to take care of a stupid college girl who had decided, in a moment of weakness, to fold to peer pressure, and most importantly he was not the type of man to judge me. 

I rang his doorbell and heard it echo through his empty house. A wave of disappointment rushed over me, surprising me with its strength. I didn't know what to do and I felt tears welling up in my eyes. Then I heard the slight whisper of voices coming from his back yard. Of course the voices were not whispering, they just sounded like it. I grinned and headed through the gate at the side of his house. 

Dan was in his hot tub, with two other men. They each had a beer and were watching a basketball game on his large screen television. The whisper that I heard had actually been a cheer that had come when a basket had been made. I felt exposed and awkward. I didn't know what to stay, so I just stood there, until one of the men nudged Dan and nodded over to me. 

"Samantha?" Dan asked, "Is something wrong?" 

"I... I... I didn't know where to go," I said, feeling tears well up in my eyes. I felt foolish. 

Dan immediately hopped over the side of the hot tub and crossed the yard to stand in front of me. His skin was dripping and looked incredibly smooth. I had never noticed how well he kept his physique. 

"What happened?" 

"Dan, please don't be mad." 

"I won't be mad, just tell me." 

"I... took ecstasy." I hung my head in shame and a hot tear rolled down my cheek. The warmth of it felt great even through my shame. 

I waited for his disappointment to attack me. I waited for what felt like forever and he said nothing. Then, suddenly, he laughed. His laughter was big and rolling and it surrounded me, and I suddenly felt very happy. I giggled a bit. 

"You mean, you are high, right now?" 

"Yeah, I was at a party, but I got scared." 

"Aw, poor, baby! You shouldn't be scared. Ecstasy can be a very pleasurable thing. Come here, we'll take care of you." 

He opened his arms to me and I gave him a large, wet hug. I felt safe and secure in his arms and I laughed again. He led me over to the hot tub. 

"Bill, Chris, this is Tony's daughter, Samantha. She had a bit of a night, and now she's going to hang out with us. That okay?" 

They immediately knew that I was high. I am not sure if they had heard our conversation or if it was just kicking in so strongly that they could see it on my face. They looked completely friendly, and like the three of them had been having a pleasurable night. 

"Why don't you get in the hot tub with us?" Bill offered, "We are watching the game, still have half an hour to go." 

"Okay," I agreed. A hot tub sounded like it would feel amazing against my numbly chilled skin, "Dan, I didn't bring a swimsuit... um... do you have something I can wear?" 

Dan laughed again and my heart melted at his smile and kind eyes. 

"Sure, I can help you with that. Watch this." He reached towards me and, not taking his eyes off of mine, began unbuttoning my shirt. He pulled the shirt from my shoulders and my exposed skin felt wonderfully alive. I had an intense desire to kiss Dan, as he grinned down at me and released my bra from behind my back. My breasts fell out of their support and my nipples twinged with pleasure. I swallowed my desire to kiss him, remembering that it would be inappropriate. 

"There," Dan whispered when I was fully naked in front of the tub, "What do you think of that swimsuit?" 

I looked down and my eyes widened. 

"I think it is a fetching suit," Bill said. 

"Oh, me too, the latest fashion," Chris agreed. 

"Well, it is very comfortable," I admitted. 

"Well, then get in before you get cold." 

Dan and I entered the hot tub. The water enveloped me and I was pushed over an edge of pleasure that didn't feel possible. I groaned a bit and the men surrounding me laughed. 

"Samantha, we are going to take very good care of you tonight. Anything you want, just ask, okay?" Dan told me, "There is no reason to be scared or shy. Would you like a back rub? Those feel really good." 

"MMMmmhmmm," I agreed, my ability to speak floating away on the water. 

Dan maneuvered himself behind me and I could feel his strong hands on my skin, releasing pleasure from my muscles. My feet floated up and Chris took one while Bill took the other and began rubbing between my toes. I squealed and kicked my feet playfully and all three laughed. 

I laid my back against Dan's chest and nuzzled against his skin, pressing into him. He looked down at me with those always-understanding green eyes that I knew so well, and asked, "Samantha, do you want something?" 

I felt shy, but somehow knew that he would deny me nothing. 

"I want to kiss you," I admitted. 

"Of course," he said, as if the request was nowhere out of the ordinary. He bent down and covered my mouth with his. His lips were the softest thing that I even felt, and when his tongue probed against mine my body began to explode into a slow, rolling orgasm. He kissed harder into the release until I was floating beyond my body. He moved his lips off of mine and let me come back down. 

"How was that?" he asked warmly. 

"Amazing," I breathed, "Wow." I almost started to cry again, but this time from intense pleasure. I felt another orgasm welling up inside me, and cuddled down further to Dan's body. 

"You know, I think you need some water," Dan told me. 

"I am in an entire world of water," I countered. 

He laughed, "Yes you are, but you need some of that in you. We said we would take care of you. You should listen to us." 

"Okay." He handed me a bottle of water and I took a sip. My head cleared and I felt refreshed. I sighed. Yes, water was something that I needed. 

"And, as fun as the hot tub is, it might be too hot. Are you ready to go inside?" 

"Sure." 

"Chris, why don't you dry Samantha off while I go in and find her a robe?"

Chris lifted me out of the tub. I hadn't realized how strong he was. He set me on my feet and took a towel to my skin. I expected more soft, sensual touch that Dan had given me, but Chris was playful with me, like he was toweling off a big dog, and soon we were both laughing and giggling. 

"I feel like a dog," I admitted to him. 

"Oh really? I don't think that dogs use towels," he countered, and licked my skin where he was drying. At that moment he happened to be down at my thighs, and I had a strong urge to push his tongue a few inches over to my steaming pussy. I ached for his tongue. 

"You know, I think that just makes me more wet," I told him. 

"Really? He breathed on my swollen lips, almost touching them, "How about that?" 

I giggled and before I could answer he scooped me up into his arms like a princess. "You're all dry. Ready to go in?" 

I nodded and he stepped very slowly, then faster, then he started spinning. He let go of my legs so that they spun out away from him and I squealed and clung to his neck. Then he slowed and my legs tangled around his waist. He very slowly pushed me up against the wall of the house and kissed me. His hands supported me from below my thighs and I found myself slowly grinding into him, melting between his large body and the wall. 

"Hey, you two! Get inside," Dan kidded, passing by us. 

Chris laughed and kissed my nose. He let me slip to the ground. 

"You okay walking the rest of the way?" he joked. 

"Yeah, walking feels great." I said as my feet fell on the shag carpet of Dan's living room. 

Dan and Bill were sitting in the plush couch of the living room, a beer in their hands. Bill handed Chris a beer as well. 

"Oh, do I get one?" I asked. 

"No," Dan said, "Besides, you don't really want a beer. You just want a taste. Bill, why don't you give her a taste?" 

"Sure, kid, come here," Bill agreed. He took a strong swig from his bottle and then pulled my mouth down to his. I rolled my tongue over his; feeling the bitter, sharp coldness of the beer. Dan was right; I didn't want one. 

"So, walking feels good?" Dan asked after I broke my kiss with Bill. "You know what would feel even better, I bet? Dancing. You want to dance a bit for us?" 

"Mmmm, sure, dancing sounds fun." 

Dan stood up and pressed play on his cd player. A slow, sensual song with a lot of bass came through his speakers and I felt my body falling into it, riding each beat just long enough to reach the next. I twisted slowly in front of the three men who sat, staring at me. I had never been much of a dancer, but from their faces I felt like they were enjoying my movement and my confidence grew. I approached Bill, teasing with my body, almost touching him, before I floated away again. I planned to tease Dan the same way but as I approached him he locked eyes with me and I melted against his will. I moved closer and closer until I was on top of him, straddling him. Even then I did not stop moving. My hips ground into him and I felt his cock grow hard against his sweatpants. My tongue licked up the side of his neck and I moaned. I was no longer dancing, but having sex with his clothed body. He pulled me back until he could reach my hard nipples with his tongue and licked quickly at first the left, then the right, sending me into another orgasm. My legs clenched around his, and I pushed hard against his cock as my body shook. Then he released my nipple and pulled me close to him. 

"You like how that feels?" he whispered. 

"Yes. Your body feels amazing." 

"You want that cock inside of you?" 

"Yes, please?" 

"Okay, but first, look over at Chris." 

I turned my head to the right. Chris had pulled his pants down and had his cock out. He was stroking it slowly as he watched me writhe on top of Dan. His cock was big, 8 inches at least. I wasn't a virgin, but I had only had one partner, and that had been a huge disappointment. Chris's cock intrigued me. 

"Doesn't it look delicious?" Dan whispered. 

"MMmmhmm," I giggled. 

"I bet you would make him really happy if you sucked it a bit for him." 

"Really?" 

"Yeah, look at him over there, all alone. You should do that for him." 

"Okay." I laughed. I slid off of Dan's lap and crawled the few feet over to Chris. I looked up into his beautiful, laughing blue eyes, and kissed his feet. I kissed his calves, feeling the hair tickle my tongue as I ran it up his leg. Then I kissed at his soft balls. I flicked my tongue and he groaned, settling back into the couch. I licked up his hard shaft, feeling his skin like tissue paper under the tip of my tongue. I tasted his salty pre-cum as I reached his head, and wrapped my lips around his cock. I sucked lightly, slowly and Chris groaned again. Oral sex had never been fun for me. I was always so concerned with making my boyfriend come that I never noticed how pleasurable it was to run my lips and tongue over his cock. With Chris I did not miss any of the pleasure. I ran my mouth down the side of his shaft, sucked at his soft balls, and then ran my lips back to the top, sucking as much as I could into my mouth. 

I became aware that someone had sat behind me. I wasn't sure if it was Dan or Bill, and at that point I didn't really care. He rubbed a hand up my back and around my side to pull at my nipples. I groaned and sucked harder at Chris as the pleasure brought me nearer to another orgasm. I felt another hand spread my legs apart and reach between them, towards my pussy. His fingers rubbed at my clit, and then pushed deep inside me. Feeling the pressure I had been aching for I exploded that threatening orgasm and managed to push my head all the way down to the base of Chris's cock so he could feel me groan. He pushed back into me and I pushed back into the hand working my pussy. But soon the hand was taken away and I could feel the head of a strong, pulsing cock replace it. I didn't think. I pushed back until I felt the head pop inside me, and continued pushing until there was nothing left to push against. 

I developed a slow rocking pattern, pushing up onto Chris's cock until I groaned and could go no further, and the pushing slowly back onto the cock behind me until I started shaking and could go no further. The two men let me work my rhythm, doing nothing to interrupt my pleasure and adding to it with strokes of their strong hands and their pleased moaning. 

After a while of the most intense, filling pleasure I ever thought possible I felt Chris begin to stiffen even more. His cock was pulsing and I knew that he was near cumming. I increased my rhythm, sucking harder on his cock, and pushing faster against his friend behind me. Finally he could take the warmth of my mouth no longer and pulled his strong fingers into my hair, tightening and quickening my pace to fit his own needs. I loved his sudden need for me and worked harder, trying to give him as much of myself as possible. I was rewarded with a hot, strong spurt of salty cum that exploded into my mouth. I slowed to suck every drop from his cock. 

"No, don't stop," Bill said from behind me, "I am so close." 

So I held the tip of Chris's cock in my lips while I bucked strongly against Bill's now pulsing cock until he grabbed my hips and rocked forward into me. 

After he came inside me I fell, exhausted and happy between the two panting men. After orgasming so many times I thought that I must be satisfied, and I was, but my mouth still played at their sweaty skin, seeking something more. 

"Baby, you think it is my turn?" Dan asked, from behind the group. I looked up at him and made eye contact. I wanted his lips and skin so badly. I could not understand how I had never noticed my attraction to this amazing man before. 

"Yes, please." I whispered. He took my hand and extracted me from the tangle of bodies. He scooped me up into his arms and carried me into the next room. 

"Was that fun?" 

"Yes, it felt so good to have your friend's cocks inside of me." 

"Good, I am glad that we could make you happy." He laid me on his thick bed and kissed my forehead. "But you did so much work. You made them really happy." 

"It didn't feel like work. I liked it." 

"That's good to hear. But now, I want you to lay back, and float away, and feel how good I want to make you feel." 

"Okay." I closed my eyes and felt his tongue move over my body. He moved down my neck to my breasts and sucked a nipple into his mouth. He sucked on it lightly, until my body responded and then he gave more pressure until I was writhing under him, groaning and bucking my hips up. He spread my legs and shoved two fingers up into my pussy, holding them, warm and firm, inside of me. 

"Do you like that Samantha?" 

"Yes, Dan." 

"Anything that you want, anything that you need, you can tell me, and I will do it for you." He moved his fingers in and out a bit, just enough to make my back arch and my mouth to look for his. I kissed him hard and rocked against his hand until I orgasmed again and then fell, quivering against his blankets. 

"Do you want anything?" he whispered, his tongue flicking at my ear.
