 Dripping with come, and having just exploded from all the guys touching and rubbing and licking and sucking on you - you tell them all to get off the bed, and back in line. They do as they are told, you are in control here. 

You get up on all fours, look back over your shoulder, and tell the smallest guy to get his cock inside you - "NOW!"  You have thought ahead, the guys figure you are being nice to them - smallest to largest will not leave you flapping around a tiny cock following a monster cock. Little do they realize that you do it on purpose, so YOU get the most out of the experience.

The first guy is really going to town on your pussy - looking down at your ass from that angle, your puckered brown butthole is almost winking at him. You are grunting and groaning, I know - because I have moved up to that side of the bed - getting a clear shot of your cum-covered face - and that insane look you get when you are being fucked good and hard. The poor boy cannot last, he shoots his load inside of you - and backs away. Your protector warns the next guy that if he shoots off too soon, he is going to cut his fucking balls off - and he means it.

You don't care, you just want more cock - and next in line gives it to you - hard and deeper. You close your eyes and start fucking back at the guy, grinding and straining to get it in deeper and deeper. You do not notice the black guy shifting up to the head of the bed - a sudden slap on the face from that enormous cock - snaps you back to reality. You cannot possibly do anything with THAT thing! But he has other ideas, grabbing your come damp hair, he rubs his drooling monster all over your face.

I zoom in to get a good view of the action, watch your mouth open tentatively and your tongue dab at the huge head. The guy fucking you from behind thrusts particular hard into you at that moment - and you are forced down onto that cock. Your lips stretch out in a vain attempt to get it inside you - a sudden thought pops into your head "I'm going to need some lip balm after this!" 

Thinking you can handle it all, the black guy shoves down on your head - and suddenly you are choking on about 9 inches of fat black cock in your mouth. You cannot breathe, but you do not care - somewhere in the distance - the cock erupts into your pussy. This obscene thing in your mouth is suddenly your whole world. You wrap both hands around the shaft, and bob up and down on the cock.

Next in line shoves his bigger cock into your cunt, but finds it a little too wet for his liking. So, with his cock lubed up with other guy's come - and you with a mouthful of nigger cock and no way to protest - he shoves his cock all the way up your ass with one stroke. The crowd goes wild! I make sure to get a recording of that slimy cock sliding in and out of your ass - first close-up, then wide angle - so you can see two cocks fucking into you from both ends. You have little time to think about anything but what you are feeling, and the precum drooling out of the cock in your mouth is like a river. You lap at it greedily, wondering what this 12" cock is going to do to your pussy.

The next seven guys in line take turns at your pussy and ass, and both holes are now steadily leaking come onto the bed. The next two guys in line are the black guys - and they decide to see how much you can take at the same time. They tell their big-cocked friend what they have in mind, and he likes the idea. He lifts you off the bed like you were a rag doll, and one of the guys lays down on the bed face-up. Your ass is lowered onto his cock - impaled on it - spearing right up into your bowels. You are sitting on it, legs spread, ass on fire. The second guy shoves his cock between your legs, and with a little wiggle waggle - finds a way to fit his 9 incher into your pussy at the same time. Your screams fill the room, and you come almost instantly.

Most everyone has had a turn, but there are a few guys hard again - and they begin stroking themselves at the floor show you are putting on. Your screams turn to moans of pain and pleasure as the two black guys saw away at both your holes at the same time. Big thick black cocks, attached to guys so muscular that you are biting and grabbing everywhere you can reach. You scream with another orgasm, as you ride them hard. The foot-long is nudging at your lips again - and you open as wide as you can - knowing the strength of this man - and what you want to suck out of him.

Guys are coming on you now, it seems like dozens of cocks are pointed at you and exploding. A couple of hotel workers have even joined in, stroking their dicks - adding to the sticky mess all over your naked flesh. Some manage to hit you right in the face - and your eyes are almost glued shut with the hot spunk. You feel the cock in your ass swelling, and you know what that means - sure enough, a huge amount of come is injected right up your ass. Followed quickly by another large load into your cunt. You come again.