 You almost pass out from the pleasure, your body coated in a thick sheen of sweat and come. The big thick cock is pulled from your mouth with an audible "plop". The owner of that giant torpedo picks you up off the shriveling cock in your ass, the other muscular black guy is still semi-hard after having just filled your cunt to overflowing. They lay you back on the bed for a moment of rest, the crowd of guys around you are high-fiving one another, applauding the show you have just put on.

That semi-hard black cock, coated with your pussy juice and the commingled come of about 10 guys - is now nudging at your lips. You try to wipe the come from your eyes, and manage to see a little bit. Of course, you first look to see me - still dressed - still filming. To show me what you are made of, you open your mouth wide - and suck that dirty cock all the way in - trying to get it hard again. You want more, and we can all see your desire on your face.

"You ready again, already?!" the foot-long owner asks you in his rich deep voice. "You gots to be about the most sex-craved bitch I have ever met!"

You let the now hard ebony cock pop out of your mouth, and with that sneering little bitch voice of yours - you tell him - "Sure I am, but are you ready for me?!"

You get up off the bed, doing a little twirling dance for all the guys to see - and to get your cum-covered body filmed in its entirety. You bend over the bend, wagging your pussy in his direction and looking back over your shoulder you tell him, "now, shove that monster in me!"

After all the fucking you have had in the last hour, you'd think your pussy would be flapping open - but this black dick is so large, so inhuman, that nothing could prepare you for its enormous size. Even all the slick come that has you so lubed up and ready is no match for this behemoth. He rubs the big fat head all over your pussy, teasing you, and then starts his assault. You are bent over at the waist, face buried into the soft bed.

We all hear you scream as the head pops the outside rim of your cunt, overloaded - all the mixed come starts spraying out around his cock. I get a real good close-up of the action, I cannot believe what I am witnessing. He pushes that thing deeper, his huge balls swaying underneath that tree trunk shaft. Inch by inch, grunting with the effort - saying over and over "what a tight cunt you have bitch" 

You know you do, but you wonder in some corner of your mind if your pussy will ever be called "tight" again after this beast. The damned thing is splitting you in half, and it is not even half-way inside you yet! You feel the orgasm approaching, you cannot believe it is coming so soon. You've had three intense orgasms already, and your head is swimming. Squishing dirty come sounds are coming from your stuffed cunt - but you don't care, you want it all - and you want it now. You get up off the bed, pressing your hands down into the mattress and really press back against him, eager for the rest of it.

There is a stunned silence as the entire cock just gets swallowed in one gulp by your pussy, come squirting out the sides, the sounds are disgustingly horny. The room erupts into spontaneous cheering. Since your head is no longer pressed into the mattress, the black guy with the 9 inch cock sees his opportunity to slip back into your mouth. He kneels in front of you on the bed, his muscular legs so close - and his cock jutting out at your lips.

Still squirming around the huge cock buried in your cunt, you stick out your tongue and start teasing the head of his cock. He will have none of that shit. He grabs your head and shoves his rod home, all the way into your throat. You know cock-sucking, and you do your best - but you cannot help but be distracted - that fucking thing is ripping your pussy apart!

He has begun to thrust in and out now, wet sloppy pounding of your poor overstretched and overmatched cunt. A couple of guys come over and start fondling your dangling swaying tits, saying encouraging things to you like "you can do it" and "suck that cock" even "ride that monster dick" You are rocking back and forth now, harder and harder - really getting into it. You feel it inside you, building and building - the overwhelming thought in your head is how this must look to the crowd, the camera, to me. How much of a dirty little slut you are - and how you are getting the chance to show off just how fuckable you are.

You try to imagine what it looks like, and you miss the warning signs - the cock in your mouth erupts right at the top of your throat - his orgasm makes him shove it all the way in. Pulsing along your tongue, the come slithers and slides down your throat without even tasting it. Seeing his buddy's contorted face, knowing he just fed you a big load - the cock in your pussy swells. The huge black guy just goes wild on you - pulling almost all the way out, before slamming it back in deep. Over and over and over, you are grunting and begging him to come - like you do with me. And he does just what you ask – pressing all the way into your pussy, he explodes and you come hard with him...