 A steady stream of come is now coursing down your thighs, your ass is leaking, your cunt is drooling - your hair is a sticky mess of matted down spunk. Dried come is peeling off your face, you look absolutely hideous. But to the guys crowding into this hotel room, you are the perfect picture of a wanton slut - to be used and abused. What really turns them on is how much you enjoy it, ask for it, beg for it. Of course, I knew all of this - I used to be your boyfriend - I know what a freak you are in private.

I am still stunned by what I have witnessed, and caught on videotape. In the back of my mind, I remember that I am supposed to be mad at you - and that I should be punishing you for behaving this way. I consider the options, and decide to speak up. "Gentlemen" I call out, "the lady has been very, very bad.  Her behavior cannot go unpunished, and since you have all participated in this - I believe you should also participate in the punishing." 

You look up at me with fear in your eyes, you know how angry I get - the seething anger that explodes in the uncontrollable rage that leaves you in blissful pain for days on end. These guys have no idea how you like to look at the bruises, proud of the markings I leave on you, how playing the "punish me game" is one of your favorite activities.

To start with, I get all of them to stand in a straight line, facing in the same direction - legs spread, making kind of a tunnel. I order you to get down on your hands and knees and crawl through the tunnel. Your face held up high, so it can be slapped by the dangling cocks and balls. As you wiggle your ass past each guy, he spanks you as hard and as often as he can until you get out of reach. Even as the spanks rain down on you, you cannot help but notice a few of the guys are back to fully hard again.

The humiliating tears streaming over your cum-stained cheeks. Made all the more punishing by the fact that there I was, at the end of the tunnel, videotaping the crawl - and then ordering you back through - again, and again. I make you go through this tunnel gauntlet five times, until your ass is stinging red. Then you are unceremoniously picked off the floor and tossed back on to the bed. I order you to lay face down, with your scarlet ass exposed to all.

I ask if anyone in the room has a belt, they realize immediately what I am going to propose, and go scurrying for their clothes. Several good sturdy, thick leather belts are in hand at once. I tell the men, "you know what I mean for you to do - now go to town on her ass!" The sound is deafening, the stinging slap of leather against skin, your shrill screams - begging for mercy. I do not hear our safe word, so I let the assault on your ass continue.

Most find their mark without any trouble, leaving long red angry welts across your asscheeks. A few miss high, raising ugly purple lines on your back, some catch your thighs - leaving lines almost down to the back of your knees. You squirm and struggle against the beating, but you know you deserve it, and you take it like a trooper. I finally call a halt to the proceedings, your ass is going to be sore for weeks - the red is almost fire engine. It gives me an idea.

Once before, I coated your hot red punished ass with my sticky white come - the color offset was quite a turn on, made me reach for a camera an dtake pics. So, I tell the guys, "go ahead – jerk off all over her ass!"  You whimper that you want to watch, but I remind you that this is punishment, and besides – you can watch some other time - on tape. Soon there are hot white come loads being shot in lines across your red ass, soothing the burning sensation - and making you very horny again. You reach back and smear the come all over your ass. Even this light touch causes you pain, the beating was quite severe.

For some of the guys, this is their third or fourth orgasm, but for the foot-long wonder boy - he has only had one, and you still have one hole he has not violated. He announces his intentions to the whole group, "I am gonna have me a piece o'that ass!" The room goes quiet for a second, then suddenly people are making wagers - betting on whether or not that thing will even fit. Some betting on whether or not it will tear your ass hole right out, joining it up with your pussy.

They respectfully step back, letting him climb up onto the bed. You protest, and try to wriggle away. I tell the guys to form at the four corners of the bed, picking out the strongest to grab you by the ankles, the wrists, to spread you wide and keep you still. There is money riding on this, and I will not allow you to influence the outcome. Like it or not, here it comes! You call me all sorts of vile names, but we broke up – I have heard all that vitriol from you before, you are not hurting me anymore. But here I am, making sure you will be hurting for weeks...

He slides his enormous cock across the come already drying on your ass. He gets it nice and juicy, and begins to press down on your hole. The sheer weight of his body is propelling his cock forward, your asshole pushes back in silent raging protest. "That ain't gonna fit" obviously one of the guys that bet against your ass.

"Sho will" says the deep voice of your anal rapist. Your throat clutches in fear, as he presses down with all his weight. Stars explode behind your tightly shut eyes. Only the head is in, just making past your sphincter - already the pain is too intense. A long low bloodcurdling scream comes from deep within you.

"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!"

But he will not be dissuaded, your legs are pulled apart at an obscene angle - you cannot stop this if you wanted to. Another inch, more stars, more shrieking pain. Slowly it sinks into your depths, driving the very breath out of you. Your voice comes out ragged, in chunks...

"Oh God, Oh God, Oh God, Oh God, fucking oh my God!"

But this has nothing to do with God, this is the Devil's work, and the very pit of your fiery hell hole is being breached. Only half of his 12" cock is inside you, and you are almost delirious with pain. Finally, trying to hold his own orgasm in - he takes a stab at all the way. Pulling back out about 3 or 4 inches - he sets his arms on your shoulders - and drives it all the way home. His balls slap against your pussy, the pain is excruciating. He pauses there for the briefest moment, and then the real punishment begins.

He fucks your ass, not gently, not slowly like a lover would do - but rough, hard and nasty. Seems he has wanted himself a piece of white ass for a long, long time - and he was going to take full advantage of it now that he had it. I was afraid he was going to turn you inside out, the fury of his pounding did not let up one bit. He grabbed a handful of your hair, and pulled your head back, driving himself deeper into your bowels. 

"Fucking come in my ass you sick sonofabitch!" you screamed out loud - not caring if the whole hotel heard it. You just wanted this thing to do what it came for, and then get the hell out of your ass. "Come in my ass, goddamit!"

A few guys were sporting hard-ons again just from watching this, a few dangled them in your face - but you did not have it in you to suck. You were letting loose a string of profanity, begging the huge cock in your ass to let go - to let you go. With no mouth to fuck, the guys just started stroking themselves, rubbing the tips on your face, on your back, one guy grabbed a handful of your hair - wrapped it around his cock - and jerked off with it.

Still pinned to the bed, arms and legs splayed and being held down by some of the fellas, you could only take it - but you were not going to shut up about it. "Give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me - come in my big fat white ass!" 

It was not much longer after that, he gave you what you wanted - with a terrific groan, and a final thrust deep into you - he let loose a mammoth amount of come that you could swear you felt in the back of your throat. Stroking boys were coming left and right, splashing you, coating you, but you were only centered and feeling that very tip of cock buried far deeper up your ass than anyone had ever gone. You felt it pouring into you, and you came from everywhere in your body at once. And then you passed out cold...