 Jack led the group down the stairs leading to the basement, with Debbie right behind him being led by her chain. Brant was right behind her admiring her ass as it swayed back and forth with each step down she took. The rest of the pack was right behind him wondering what Jack had planned for their enjoyment. 

Jack had finished the basement several years before. But since he'd met Debbie and discovered her craving for the BDSM lifestyle, he'd made some modifications and installed a few new pieces of furniture, none of which Debbie had seen thus far. She had no idea what she was walking into. 

The center piece of Jack's furnishings was a bench he had designed and built himself. The bench was made of solid oak and stained with a dark walnut finish. The height of the bench was 32". Just the right height for his 6' frame. The width of the bench was about the width of a doctor's examination table. It was thickly padded on top with a headrest that could be adjusted up or down. On each side of the bench were leather wrist restraints. Just below the wrist restraints, at the bottom of the bench, on each side were two arms that rose up from the bench on each side, giving it a U shaped look. The arms could be adjusted in or out depending on how far he wanted to spread Debbie's legs. At the top of each arm was an "O" ring that an ankle restraint could be fastened to. 

Debbie's eyes widened when she took the last step down into the basement and saw what her master had built. She had no doubt it was meant for her. Jack led her over to the bench. "You ready for some more fun?" He had a sinister grin on his face as he asked. He stroked her face gently as he smiled at her. Jack knew exactly how to keep her yearning for both his gentle touch and rough domination at the same time. It was a balance he had worked hard at learning. But it had become the combination of gentleness and roughness that had drawn Debbie into his domination of her, and his mastery over her body and desires. 

"Yes sir!" Her voice was trembling slightly as she spoke. 

Jack unhooked the chain from her collar then patted the bench. "Up here!" 

Debbie climbed up on the bench and laid down. Jack fastened each of her wrists to the sides of the bench, then lifted each leg and fastened her ankle to the arm standing next to it. Debbie's heart was racing with the attachment of each restraint. A wave of fear mixed with excitement washed over her as the second ankle restraint was attached. Jack 

smiled down at her standing between her upturned legs. He then released the latch on each arm and adjusted it, spreading her legs into a "V" formation. 

Debbie was now completely at the mercy of her master and his five friends. She looked around the room as she lay there. Several of the men were already undressing. She didn't know what to expect next. 

Jack moved to the head of the bench and adjusted the headrest so her head was hanging down at just the right angle for her mouth to be fucked. He then walked over to the bar he had built into the corner of the basement and grabbed a small bowl from the counter. "Alright guys. Here's the ground rules for the next round. Each of you must eat her pussy till you bring her off. Once you do, you can fuck either her pussy or ass. But you can't shoot your load inside her since the next guy has to take his turn. If you do shoot your load inside her, you have to clean her out yourself." 

"So where can we unload?" Brant asked. 

"Anywhere on her body, or down her throat! Up to you. Just not in her cunt or ass." He looked around the group. "Any problems with the ground rules? My slut. My rules." 

"Nope! I'm okay with them." Tom responded smiling. "I'm just glad you asked me here." 

Jack waited to see if there were any objections. Not that he cared. If anyone had objected, he would have been told to leave. "OK. This bowl has five numbers in it. Each man will draw a piece of paper. The number on that piece will be his turn number." Jack walked to the center of the room and held the bowl in the air. Each man walked up and took a piece of paper from the bowl. 

"Alright! I'm first!" Brant yelled out. 

"So what are the rest of us supposed to do while the others are taking a turn? Stand here and play with ourselves?" Walt grumbled. He'd pick out the #4. 

Adam laughed. "That should be easy for you! You do it all the time anyway!" That brought laughs from everyone. 

"Screw you asshole!" Walt shot back angrily. 

Jack was beginning to regret inviting Walt to this little event. "Walt, I don't know what you're problem is. But you better chill out." Jack paused, and then answered his question. "You can take turns fucking her mouth again," he started smiling, "if you have the stamina." 

"Oh I got the stamina!" Tom spoke up enthusiastically. He walked to the head of the bench as Brant was grabbing a stool and positioning himself at the foot of the bench, between Debbie's legs. Tom slapped Debbie across the face a couple of times with his flaccid cock. He had been the last to get his cock sucked off upstairs just 15 minutes before. But he knew he'd be ready for another round in no time. "Come on slut! Open wide and suck on those balls. Now I'm really gonna give you a good face fucking!" Tom leaned in and shoved his ball sack into Debbie's open mouth. "Damn Jack! You got one sweet slut here!" He then reached out and grabbed her tits for leverage. Even when laying on her back, Debbie's tits rose from her body like two mountains that needed to be conquered. 

Brant watched Tom for several minutes, enjoying the show, until Ted spoke up. "You gonna eat the slut man? Don't make me wait. I got #3." Brant stroked the length of her cunt with his fingertips. That brought a moan from Debbie's ball filled mouth. Her cunt was soaked and her clit was swollen from the state of arousal she'd been in for the last couple hours. Her grunts and snorts could be heard by everyone as Brant worked her clit with his fingers. He gently caressed it at first. Then he took it between his thumb and index finger and pinched it slightly, pulling on it as he did. He did that several times, bringing a squeal from Debbie each time he did. Her body was already jerking up off the bench as Brant manipulated her clit. 

Brant looked up at Tom and smiled as he dipped his head towards her treasure box. "This isn't going to take long!" Tom backed off slightly waiting for the reaction he knew was coming when Brant's mouth started working her clit. Brant locked his mouth on her clit, licking and sucking on it. 

Debbie screamed in ecstasy as her body arched up off the bench. "OOOOHHHH FUCK!" It seemed like every nerve ending in her body was now located in that tiny piece of flesh just above her pussy. She began grunting and snorting, her head thrashing from side to side, as Brant alternated between licking it with the tip of his tongue, pulling on it with his lips, and nibbling on it with his teeth. All she could say over and over was, "Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" He could feel her body tensing as her orgasm got closer. 

Tom had watched long enough. His cock was hard enough again to start plowing her mouth the way he wanted. He grabbed her head with both hands and held it still as he laid the head of his cock on her lips. Debbie opened her mouth like the obedient slut she had become. Tom groaned with satisfaction as her mouth wrapped around his cock like a velvet glove. "OH SHIT!" He leaned forward again and grabbed her tits a little rougher this time. 

He began a steady fucking of her mouth and throat. The only sound in the room was Debbie's alternating grunts and gagging. 

Brant worked her clit with the enthusiasm of a man who enjoyed pleasuring a woman. He intensified his efforts as he felt her body nearing climax. He sucked her clit between his teeth, then played with it using the tip of his tongue. As he held her clit that way, he shoved a finger inside her cunt to cover it with her juices. He then withdrew it and shoved it inside her ass in one smooth motion. 

Debbie squealed as best she could with a cock shoved down her throat, and her body arched up, off the bench as her body was wracked with its first orgasm of the day. Debbie tried to focus on the intense pleasure radiating from between her legs. But Tom kept his cock firmly in her mouth and would have none of it. "Suck that cock slut! This is what you're here for!" Her brain was in sensory overload. She was being pleasured and used at the same time, and she was having difficulty processing the dichotomy. She desperately wanted to just lay there and enjoy Brant's tongue and mouth. But Tom's plowing her mouth kept her reminded why she was there. She was a slut, and she was there to serve her master and his friends. 

Adam slid up next to Tom. "Move over son. I've got next go at this slut's pussy and I need to get warmed up." 

Debbie gasped and moaned as soon as her mouth was empty. Her face was covered in her saliva and drool. She tried to lift her head to look down at Brant who was positioning himself between her legs to fuck her. Adam tucked his hand under her chin and gently pushed her head back down so she was looking up at him as he smiled down at her. He laid his cock on her lips. "Suck it slut!" He shoved it in slowly. Her lips sliding over the length of his shaft was one of the most incredible sensations he'd ever felt. As he worked his cock in and out of her mouth, he thought for a minute he might forego taking her cunt and just enjoy her oral skills for whatever time he had with her. He quickly dismissed that thought. He wanted to feel the inside of her sweet pussy. 

Brant used his cock to stroke the length of her pussy. Debbie reacted the way he hoped she would. Her body arched again off the bench as he teased her. He then shoved his cock inside her cunt, balls deep, with one hard push. Debbie's body shook as her cunt was filled for the first time. 

'This is what I was made for!' her mind screamed as she sucked Adam's cock and was fucked by Brant's. 'Fuck me you bastard! Fuck me!' her brain kept screaming over and over. 

Jack watched with satisfaction as his slut was sandwiched between two cocks. He had known for some time that this was something she would enjoy and eat up (no pun intended), because of her insatiable appetite for not only sex, but the thrill of being dominated and used like a cheap whore. But as he sat there watching her being used his mind kept questioning the wisdom of asking Walt to be part of this. He had already known the prior relationship the two had attending the same church. He knew Walt would bring a level of humiliation to her that no stranger would bring. But thus far, Walt's reaction to Debbie had given Jack reason to kick himself for inviting him. Jack knew before everyone headed home he was going to have a talk with Walt. Debbie was becoming more than just a sex toy and slut to him. He was prepared to do whatever was necessary to protect her. 

Ted looked over at Jack. "You ok with us releasing her hands?" He smiled. "I hate to see a good slut's hands not being used." 

"Be my guest!" Jack chuckled. 

Ted released one hand as Walt released the other. They then took her hands and guided them to their semi-hard cocks. 

Debbie knew what was expected of her. She felt around for each guys cock and sack as her face was buried in Adam's crotch. His balls slapped against her eyes each time he shoved his cock into her mouth and down her throat. Her multi-tasking skills were being pushed to the limit. Her hands stroked up and down the two pieces of meat in them. Ted and Walt returned the favor by playing with her tits, pinching and kneading them like two huge lumps of dough. Every now and then Debbie would let out a squeal from her cock filled mouth as they played roughly with her tits. 

Brant began to grunt in rhythm with his fucking Debbie as his orgasm built. "Damn! Her cunt feels so good! Not much longer!" His rhythm picked up and his pounding her cunt became harder, shaking her body and the bench with each thrust. 

"I think ole Brant here is about ready to blow a load!" Ted boomed with his deep voice. 

"OK Adam. This slut's pussy is all yours!" Brant panted as he pulled out of her and walked around to her head. Brant shoved his cock into her gasping mouth as Adam positioned himself between her legs. "Where should I shoot my load?" Brant asked no one as he was really talking to himself. He pumped her mouth a dozen times before pulling out and jerking his cock by hand. "OH SHIT!!" he yelled as he sprayed her face, chin and neck with his cum. 

Like the cum slut she had become, Debbie tried to catch his load in her mouth. But Brant wanted the pleasure of painting her face and neck. His cum ran down her face and into her eyes while his cock continued to shoot his load. 

Adam locked his mouth on her swollen clit and sucked it in like a fleshly lollipop. Debbie's body arched off the bench again as her highly sensitive clit was once again worked on. "AAAAAHHHHH NNNOOO!" she screamed as he nibbled on it, driving her towards her second orgasm. Adam had eaten enough pussy to know how to pleasure a woman. Debbie's body began to buck up and down off the bench as she moaned and screamed. 

Ted grabbed the sides of her head. "Come on slut! My turn!" He laid his big black cock on her lips and shoved it in while she was still screaming from Adam working on her clit. Once again she was being used and pleasured simultaneously. 

Tom stepped into the spot just vacated by Ted, grabbed her hand and placed it around his stiff cock. 

Debbie's world became a blur as her cunt was eaten till she came screaming in orgasm. Then her cunt was fucked till Adam shot his load all over her tits. Then the cycle began again. For the next two hours Debbie's body was used like the slut she had become. She lost count of how many orgasms she had been driven to. She lost count of how many times a cock had been shoved down her throat. It felt as though her body had been drenched in gallons of male jism. Each man took his turn with her, repeatedly, until he was exhausted and satisfied. Each man used her as completely as any man could use a woman. 

When they were all finished, the men sat around the basement thanking Jack for inviting them over. Jack walked over to his slut, released her legs, and helped her stand up. Her legs were very shaky at first, until the blood pumped through them again. He held her steady till she could stand on her own. The jism dripped from her face and tits as Jack held her steady. "I think Slut here is the one you boys need to thank." He said to the group. Each man expressed his thanks to Debbie and told her what a gorgeous woman she was in his own way. All except for Walt. 

"Walt!" Jack decided he was going to set him straight in front of everyone because of his unwillingness to acknowledge his slut in front of the group. "I don't know what your problem is. But I'm regretting having invited you!" Walt was taken back by Jack's directness. "But I'm warning you! If you try and make trouble for her, or hurt her in anyway, so help me God, I will destroy you. I will ruin you. I will make your life a living hell. And if you don't think I can or will, try me!" 

Brant had noticed Walt's attitude also towards Debbie. "I'm with Jack on this one Walt. Mess with this lady, and I'll help him." 

"She ain't no lady!" Walt grumbled. 

"You're right! She's my slut! And I'll take her any day over a "lady". Just remember what I said. 

Walt pulled his pants on, got dressed and left without saying another word. 

Debbie had regained her balance and strength and was now standing on her own. Each man walked up to her as he left and thanked her again the walked upstairs and left. Brant was the last to leave. He took her hand and kissed it. "You are an incredible woman Debbie. It was a true pleasure enjoying you today. Thank you." He then looked at Jack. "I meant what I said. If he gives her any trouble I want to know about it too." 

Jack nodded his head in acknowledgment. 

As Brant made his way up the stairs Jack looked at Debbie. "Go take a shower, then meet me in my bedroom." 

"May I wash my hair and dry it too?" Debbie asked with a voice that was almost gone. 

Jack smiled. "Of course you may! Take your time! I'll be waiting." 

Forty five minutes later Debbie walked into Jack's bedroom looking like nothing had happened, but her walk was still a little unsteady. Jack was in bed waiting for her. He patted the bed next to him, "Come here!" Debbie crawled up on the bed and lay next to him with her head nestled under his arm, on his chest. 

Jack wrapped one arm around her and pulled her tightly into his body as he stroked her head and face with his other hand. "Be honest with me. Did you enjoy that?" 

"Oh yes! Very much master!" 

Jack chuckled. "I thought you might! You can cut the 'master' shit for now! Are you ok all that happened today?" 

Debbie turned her head and looked up at him smiling. "I'm very ok. But Walt scares me." 

Jack got a serious look on his face as he looked at her. "Don't worry about Walt. I'm going to take care of you. If he bothers you in anyway, I want to know about it immediately. Do you understand? I mean within minutes after he's bothered you in anyway." 

"I understand." She paused like she was going to say something then didn't. 

"What is it?" Jack asked. 

"I'm just curious. Why didn't you let any of them cum inside me?" 

Jack smiled again. "Because you belong to me completely. I only shared with them what I wanted them to enjoy, and what I knew you would enjoy. But I'm the only one who will be filling you with his seed from now on. When you go home today, it will be my seed inside you. It will be me you feel running down your leg. And as you feel it running out of you, it will remind you who you belong to." 

Debbie rolled over on top of him and slid up till her head was over his head and her hair was hanging in his face. She knew how much she loved it when her hair hung in her face and his. "I don't need any reminders who I belong to." She said smiling. 

"I know you don't. But I like to leave them with you anyway. Now get your slutty mouth down there and bring me back to life." 

"Mmmmm! Yes sir!" Debbie said with a seductive smile. Debbie slid down his body and cupped his nut sack in her hand as her mouth sucked in his flaccid cock. Jack groaned with satisfaction as he watched his slut go down on him. No matter how many times she'd gone down on him, it still felt as good as the first time. For some reason he knew it would always feel that way with her. Debbie was every man's dream, a slut that wanted to please her master more than anything. 

Debbie's lips slid up and down his shaft as it slowly grew and hardened. Her fingers gently played over his nuts, stroking and squeezing them softly. Jack lay there smiling as his slut worked her magic on his cock. He reached down and grabbed a handful of her hair, wrapping his fingers in it. They both loved it when he grabbed her by the hair, even though it wasn't needed. He held her securely for several minutes till he was ready for her. 

"OK Slut! Mount that puppy! Time to go for a ride!" 

Debbie sat up and threw her leg over his torso. She grabbed his cock and held the head at the opening to her cunt. She lifted her head and smiled down at him as she lowered herself 

onto his manhood. Her cunt hadn't been stretched as much as it was at that moment since she'd given birth to her girls. 

Jack groaned with satisfaction as the walls of her pussy closed in on his meat. "Now ride that cock slut! Make me glad you're my slut!" 

Debbie began a slow steady humping of his cock, her tits bouncing up and down, her hair thrashing from side to side. Jack lay there enjoying the show as she worked his cock with the proficiency of a high priced hooker. Debbie opened her eyes and saw she was being watched. It thrilled her to perform for this man who owned her. She leaned onto his chest with her hands and dug her nails into his flesh. "Fill my cunt baby!" she moaned. "Fill your slut with your seed! Fuck your slut! Fuck me good!" Debbie intensified the speed of her humping, grunting with each thrust of her pelvis onto his rigid pole. 
