 (EDITED WITH CORRECTIONS AND PLEASE MOVE FROM EROTIC COUPLINGS TO GROUP SEX - MUCH MORE RELEVANT!) 

*

It was one of those almost unbearably hot July nights in Las Vegas. The air-con was blown and I was sleeping naked on my front in the hope of staying cool. I was dreaming, and oh what a dream. Before I was married I had enjoyed myself to the full, living the party life and making the most of what the good men of Las Vegas had to offer; one at a time, and sometimes, perhaps, more than one.

The heat was clearly getting to me. I was wound up like a clock spring while reliving some of those earlier experiences when I felt movement on the bed beside me. My husband. With the type of thoughts that were powering through my brain, I didn't feel that he would be able to help today, so I feigned sleep. More movement from behind me.

I quickly became aware that there was a slight shaking to the bed and his breathing had increased. OMG, he wasn't waking me up for a fuck, he was masturbating right next to me! That didn't help my thoughts and my body's reaction was immediate. My nipples started to tingle and my pussy became even wetter than it had been a moment ago. I waited.

Suddenly there was a very quiet, stifled groan and I felt the wonderful sensation of his hot cum jetting up my back, with my bum receiving most of his load. You cannot imagine the leap of joy I felt. I'm always self-conscious about my ass but here was my husband, so turned on by my nakedness and exposed buttocks that he had to relieve his tension; perhaps the old backside is not past its best after all. This was so hot, but what next?

Still pretending to be asleep, I took a breath and moved slightly as if disturbed but not awake, and went still again. My clever husband used a large tissue to wipe off the mess under cover of pulling the sheet over my body -- had I not woken earlier, he might have got away with it. I stayed quiet and he went for a shower.

Luck was on my side as the sheet and mattress cover had rucked up to form a ridge in the bedding right where my pussy was positioned. By clenching the cheeks of my buttocks, I was able to rub my clit on the ridge with very little movement in case he came in and saw me. The sensations were heightened by being so furtive, knowing what he had just done, and the dreams I was having before I awoke.

I could feel my approaching orgasm, first as a hot flush from my neck to the top of my head, and finally as I almost passed out, a most wonderful release and a guttural croak as I came. Hubby was still in the shower so I slipped out of bed, pulling the sheet over the evidence of my orgasm and went to join him, playing the innocent, newly awakened wife getting ready for the day.

We dressed without either of us mentioning what we had done, but for some strange reason we were both in a really good mood with smiles on our faces - and then we heard the front door rattle.

"I'll go," I said, and skipped to collect the few letters and the newspaper sitting on the mat. I brought them into the kitchen and one of the letters caught my eye. "This looks interesting," I said, tearing open the envelope. "Oh wow," I cried, "we've won a holiday for up to two couples at a luxury hotel in Palm Springs. It has to be in two weeks' time -- can we go?"

I won't waste your time with all the details of what happened next, as I am too excited to tell you about the holiday itself. My poor hubby works too hard and there was no way he could come, but suggested I go with a friend and let the second room go. "Just enjoy it, Debs," he finished.

The thought of a girly break without commitments was too exciting to miss, so I called my best friend Michelle to ask if she was up for it ... and was she just! She fancied a break from her husband too and when I mentioned the second room, she suggested that her gorgeous daughter and her friend Gabbie could take that room and the two of us could share.

Michelle and her daughter are lively and open to anything so this sounded like a dream come true. I told my husband I would thank him in the way he likes best when I returned, and the deal was done.

At the last minute, Michelle's daughter had to pull out because of college commitments but Gabbie was keen to come anyway and so it was, after a four-hour drive, we arrived at the hotel and checked into our rooms. We all had broad grins on our faces as we looked at the view of the resort from our adjoining rooms and, slipping on bikinis, we went to explore. Screeching to a halt as we hit the poolside, we realised that this was a clothing-optional hotel and we were definitely overdressed.

What to do? Gabbie was eighteen and therefore an adult, and even though we'd lied about her age as this turned out to be a 21+ resort, it seemed a bit weird being naked in front of Michelle and her daughter's friend.

I turned to look at them for a reaction only to find that both had whipped off their bikinis, revealing their most stunning bodies. I was suddenly aware just how perfectly proportioned they were, with slim feminine outlines and both proudly displaying their ample, if not more-than-ample, breasts. Was it the sea breeze that made their nipples pebble, or were they enjoying this more than they let on? Gabbie even had a little metal tassel in her belly button, a reminder of how cheeky and outgoing she was.

Feeling rather trembly, I removed my bikini too and saw them both look down at my completely bald pussy and then at my full breasts and we all broke out laughing, agreeing that this would be a fun holiday.

The first day was uneventful; we were settling in and I for one was studying the wonderful array of nakedness on display around the pool. I was glad not to be a man as my arousal would have been rather obvious, and I could see the other two were also on the lookout as evidenced by some glistening on their pussies that I observed when walking back from a swim as I watched them sunbathing.

Day two took a completely different turn. In the morning, Michelle nudged me and pointed to Gabbie, who was chatting to a tall naked man about five years older than her eighteen years. Michelle seemed relaxed about it, having been warned by Gabbie's mother that she was having regular sex, but Michelle was keen to keep an eye on her anyway. When the two disappeared, Michelle said she was going back to our room so I joined her.

We could hear voices from the next room and Michelle signalled for me to be quiet -- we had discovered a small hatch between the rooms the night before and Michelle, anxious about Gabbie, opened it slightly so we could both see in. It was beautiful. This Adonis of a man was caressing the lovely Gabbie, stroking her body from top to bottom and then, being much taller than her, kneeling down to suckle on her breasts, soliciting a powerful moan from Gabbie, her eyes closed in pleasure.

Putting both his hands on her ripe young bottom, he pulled her sex towards him and started to lick and suck on her clit and pussy. "The bed," was all Gabbie could gasp.

While they were moving across to the bed I glanced at Michelle, who just looked awestruck that this girl had matured into such a confident young woman, and was clearly wondering about her own daughter's maturity and what the 'college commitments' really were. We were both still naked and the smell of sex was strong in the air -- was it wrong for us both to be so turned on by this young couple?

We watched as the Adonis positioned Gabbie on her knees at the end of the bed while he stood on the floor, perfectly positioned to enter her from behind. He continued his oral ministrations around her pussy and ass, before putting on a condom and lifting her bottom up a bit further. What a glorious sight; the globes of her young ass proudly presented as he slowly, so slowly, moved in and out, the sounds of their grunting filling the air. Michelle and I were spellbound and without realising it were each rubbing our own clits in time with the fucking the lucky Gabbie was receiving.

The speed of his thrusting increased and Gabbie let out a squeal as she came, and I imagine that the waves of her orgasm were the trigger for him to growl and give three final deep, slow thrusts as he came too. We shut the hatch door quietly and lay on our beds catching our breath. Staring into each other's eyes, and without saying a word, we rubbed our clits, each to our own powerful orgasm. We both grinned, and without saying a word agreed that our friendship was now on a new level.

Going back down to the pool we waited for Gabbie, who appeared looking relaxed and happy. "Where have you been?" Michelle asked.

My mouth fell open as she said, "Oh, Michelle, I met this gorgeous guy who gave me the fucking of my life."

"What's his name?" Michelle asked, to which she just received a grunt and a "no idea" reply and the fact that she hoped to see him again.

Pretending this was all normal I lay back in the sun, my mind churning about what could happen on this holiday.

It turned out that 'clothing optional' was only the polite marketing gloss for this resort. Chatting to other residents, it became obvious that at night, certain areas became 'play rooms' and that couples and moresomes had sex while others watched if they wished.

Oh my. Having not always been faithful to my husband, but certainly having been so for the last five years, this put me in a dilemma. I was as horny as a teenager and quietly confided in Michelle, asking her what to do.

Michelle confessed that she and her husband had a tacit understanding that if an opportunity arose for either of them, it would be okay as long as they told each other afterwards and never met the person again in order to protect their marriage. "Your choice, Debbie," she said.

I had no such agreement but the thought of watching the two girls getting theirs, and me being left high and wet, I tried to persuade myself that even though I live in Las Vegas, what happens in Palm Springs stays there.

After dinner that evening, we discussed what to do next. Gabbie said she was going to find 'him' again and left. Michelle and I decided to investigate the playroom. What a beautiful sight met our eyes. Four healthy couples were making love on a huge mat on the floor, some naked and some in very sexy lingerie.

One couple grabbed our attention so we sat and watched. They were each attentive to the needs of the other, touching, caressing, sucking, nibbling, and so aware of what turned the other on. Flipping over into a '69' position, he sank his mouth into the wet folds of her pussy, his finger gently rimming her sweet puckered ass. Her ministration on his proud erection seemed somewhat restrained by comparison because of what was happening at the other end - and who can blame her.

Panting like a marathon runner, she pulled out from under him and, flipping him over onto his back, straddled him in a reverse cowgirl position and then sank down onto his hardness.

What happened next nearly finished me off. She fixed her eyes on mine, clearly the consummate exhibitionist connecting with a professional voyeur; me. Without moving her rather glazed eyes from mine, she rose and fell, wallowing in both the feelings in her pussy and the buzz she got from showing off and being watched.

I love watching people having sex but this scene and the earlier one with Gabbie had put me on high infidelity alert and by now I was as horny as not one, but a whole busload of teenagers!

Not being able to tear my eyes away from hers, we lived through her orgasm together -- she blinked but otherwise remained fixed in her stare, a gorgeous smile and a girly giggle the only signs that she had experienced a sweet gentle orgasm. Turning around she took his veiny cock between her oh so feminine feet and with a few firm strokes she smiled as a jet of his come soared out and across her legs, coating them with a load of his hot seed. She lay down next to him and they held each other, oblivious to the stickiness now shared between them.

I raced out of the room with Michelle behind me. "I can't handle this," I said, "it's the most frustrating time of my life; I have to find some cock but I don't really want to be unfaithful."

We walked silently over towards the bar when two voices in unison said, "Hi girls, fancy a drink?"

I burbled something meaningless in reply but Michelle stepped in and asked for a piña colada,"and one for Debbie." More surprises from this extraordinary resort. The two men, Bob and Charles, turned out to be married to two bisexual women who had asked for a free night to explore each other, leaving these two like jackals on the prowl. And we were their prey.

We chatted in the way that people who know what is inevitably going to happen next, do. The kind gentlemen then offered to walk us back to our room.

I was done for.

Of course we asked them in; it wouldn't have been courteous not to after they had bought us a drink and walked us back. Michelle and Charles walked out onto the balcony, leaving Bob and me to get better acquainted.

I so needed this. As it was evening, we were clothed, but only just. I had on a tee shirt, no bra, short shorts and very wet panties. Bob walked over to me and told me to lift my arms so he could take off my tee shirt, and then sinking to his knees he pulled down my shorts and panties, breathing in the strong smell of my sex.

Being an equal-opportunities lover, I did the same to him, thrilling to the sight of his ample cock as it sprang from his shorts. Seeing a man aroused simply by being with me is such a compliment and I melted into his arms, my breasts squashed against his chest and his erection, achingly hard, pressed into my stomach.

We moved over to the couch. He sat back, I put my knees either side of his legs and we started to make out. He was a great kisser and I was determined not to hurry this no matter how much I ached to be fucked and find release. He played along and we kissed for what seemed like an age while his hands roamed all over my body, sending tingles from my nipples to my pussy. He stroked my ass and let one finger gently rim me forcing me to gurgle in delight and kiss him even harder.

I was half-aware that Michelle and Charles had come back into the room and were now naked and making out on one of the beds. I glanced across and saw that they were really into one another, a blur of arms and legs and the sound effects of kissing and licking completing the effect.

What I hadn't noticed was that the hatch door had opened slightly and Gabbie with her man were watching us, the tables turned.

I think I said before that I love watching people have sex; I swung around to watch Michelle and Bob, and without asking dropped myself with a gasp onto Charles' rampant cock. He was strong, and with his big hands under my buttocks and with very little effort from me, he raised me up and dropped me again, impaling me deep each time onto his manhood.

I was in heaven. I was watching Bob and Michelle going through the standard porn film menu of her giving oral, him giving oral, him taking her from the front and then from behind, and so on, but somehow this was so much more erotic and powerful than any film could be. They were seriously into each other and not play-acting. Each element brought one or other of them to within an inch of climax and then they drove each other mad by changing the position. This was edging at its best and I loved it.

But I digress. I was being fucked good and hard and I wasn't about to let any visuals distract me from the feelings that were welling up. The light was at the end of the tunnel, and oh boy was it a train coming fast and hard! I took over the hard work from Charles and he looped his arms between my own and my body and cupped my breasts, pinching the nipples from time to time with a squeak escaping my lips as he did.

I kept my head and torso as stationary as I could while pounding my ass up and down on his dick. I swear I could feel him getting bigger as he approached orgasm and this was too much for me. Before I knew it, I was crashing through one of the biggest I had known (or do I always think that!) and my juices flowed onto my man, triggering him to come with a great groan only moments after me. He held my bum hard onto his cock, lifted me up three times, and each time pulled me down again hard as if to milk every drop from his now drained balls. Bliss!

Just as my breath returned, I heard a yell from across the room as Michelle came, with Bob powering into her in the missionary position, like a steam hammer. She yelled, "Stop," clearly too sensitive after her orgasm and Bob withdrew.

"Where do you want it," he gasped and Michelle answered by squeezing her breasts together and opening her mouth.

Bob put his erection between her breasts and started to tit fuck her, and with each thrust, Michelle's mouth took the head of his cock like a consummate pro. After only a few thrusts, Bob pumped his seed into her waiting mouth. The lady that she is, she swallowed the lot, and the four of us fell into our partners' arms and giggled. I read recently that you know if you've done sex right when you laugh afterwards, and we certainly did it right that day.

Suddenly we stopped laughing and watched in amazement as Gabbie and her Adonis, soon to be named as Jake, walked boldly into the room, completely naked and amazingly confident for their age.

"That was quite a show you put on," announced Gabbie, "I'm now soaking wet and desperate for release. Jake has been fucking me while we watched you all, but he came before I did so he's out of the running for a while."

I think I mentioned at the beginning of this saga that I had quite some experience before I was married and ashamed to say a bit afterwards too. I know how to get a man going again so I stood and took Gabbie by the hand. Collecting Michelle on the way, I led them to the unused bed.

It's show time. I couldn't overcome my inhibitions about the prospect of Michelle and Gabbie making out, so I had a cunning plan. Lying on the bed on my back, I asked Gabbie to position her pussy over my face and lower gently so I could eat her out. Michelle I asked to kneel on the floor and do the same to me.

I'm not bisexual, but I enjoy girl-girl with the rest, but only to its full when playing to a male audience. The three men thought all their Christmases and birthdays had come at once. I had my face full of young pussy and a huge distraction from Michelle down below -- she was good. What I could do was hear some heavy breathing and some fap-fap noises so I knew my strategy was working -- the men were getting up and running again.

I should stop writing now and let you fill in the details. But I'm not that cruel. "All change," one of the men shouted and before I knew what was happening, Michelle and Gabbie were sitting on the couch and I was being manhandled into a crouching position on the bed. Someone wrapped a cloth over my eyes so I couldn't see and I just waited.

One of the men, Jake I think, squirmed his way under me and slipped his now fully recovered cock into my eager pussy. One of the older men stroked my cheek and slipped his erection into my mouth, and at the same time I felt lube pouring down the cleft of my ass and a finger preparing me for the inevitable.

I was shaking inside. 'All three' was a first for me, but the thought of being watched by my best friend and her daughter's friend, and the sheer dirtiness of the whole set-up made me yearn for what was to come. Clearly the two at my rear had done this sort of thing before as they started a timed rhythm --one in the other out, one out, the other in. Meanwhile I could hardly breathe with the cock in my mouth.

Picture it, will you? Yup, it was that good, and all too soon that train was coming towards me again and I exploded into two, three and finally four orgasms and then collapsed.
