 Debbie and I had been friends on a sexual social media site for over a year, and had connected almost from our first chat. We both enjoyed masturbating whilst talking about our fantasies, but did not engage in sexual role play, so I suppose we were cyber "masturbation buddies" rather than "fuck buddies". We had also grown to care for each other quite deeply, and would often share emotional problems - a sort of cyber shoulder to cry on.

Several months after I had first made friends with Debbie, my wife, Susie, also became a member of the same site, and Debbie became one of her first friends. I never discussed with her what they chatted about, although some of it might have been about me, I suppose. However, I did notice that after some of their sessions Susie looked a bit flushed, so I suppose they too were probably sharing their sexual fantasies, and masturbating together. 

On her profile Debbie stated that she was bi-curious, and she certainly enjoyed explicit pictures of beautiful girls, telling me on one occasion that she would love to use her Hitachi on one particularly luscious girl with an exquisite pussy. Susie, however, had never shown any interest in girl on girl action in the past, but I was rather excited to think that things might have changed.

In the course of our extended chat sessions Debbie admitted that one of her favourite fantasies was to imagine herself as an 18 year old being seduced by an older couple, such as Susie and me, who were about 25 years older than her, but I never thought that things would ever progress beyond the fantasy level.

I was well aware of the dangers inherent in meeting with cyber friends in real life - I had seen this end up in disaster on too many occasions. However, to my surprise and delight, when I mentioned to Debbie that we had booked a weekend in a two-bedroom luxury lodge in the Lake District, she said that, if she were free that weekend, she would like to join us. However, at this stage nothing was said or even implied that this would be anything other than a nice weekend in beautiful surroundings with a friend.

At last the weekend arrived, and Susie and I set off up the motorway in an atmosphere of slightly repressed excitement. Susie had given me a few knowing looks during the previous week, and I had begun to be suspicious about what she and Debbie had been cooking up. Even more suspiciously, Susie had insisted on doing the packing for both of us, something I usually took care of. I wondered how we would recognise Debbie when we got to the lodge, since she had always declined to send me a picture, but Susie told me not to worry since they had been exchanging pictures of each other and our respective families almost from the beginning - women are strange creatures!

We arrived without too much hassle, and for once, no arguments over navigation, and as I entered the road to the lodge, I saw that another car was already parked in front of the entrance. I drew alongside it to park, and saw the outline of a woman sitting in the driver's seat, not too dissimilar from Debbie's avatar - in fact I soon found out that her avatar really was a picture of her, but she just wasn't going to let on - as I said, women are strange and mysterious creatures to us simple men.

We got out of the car, and like a gentleman, I went across to Debbie's car and opened the drivers door for her to alight. This was my first sight of her in the flesh, and I was immediately struck by the beauty of her face, simply adorned with the minimum of make up, framed by the tresses of her long and lustrous black hair, so different from Susie's which was short and blonde. At that moment I was seized with the urge to run my fingers through her hair, and to lift it to my nose to savour its scent, but we merely greeted each other with a firm and friendly hug, accompanied by kisses to both cheeks. When it came to greeting Susie things were rather more intimate, and the two women almost fell into each other's arms and exchanged a deeply passionate kiss, which went on for minutes. Giggling they then walked into the lodge arm-in-arm, leaving me to follow behind with the luggage.

Having dropped our case off in the main bedroom, with its emperor size double bed and en-suite wet room, I went to put Debbie's case in the second smaller bedroom. Before I could do so, however, Susie called out, "I don't think we will be needing the extra bedroom. Debbie and I will be sleeping in the same bed, so unless you are planning to sleep on your own, leave her case with ours."

Whilst Susie and Debbie inspected the kitchen, and made a pot of tea, I looked around the rest of the lodge. The main room was comfortably furnished with a modern wood burner, and a stack of logs - sufficient for the weekend. There was a large, plush settee, and two deep easy chairs, and in an alcove next to the kitchen, a table and four upright chairs. Apart from the kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom, there was another door opposite the main entrance, leading to the glass-enclosed porch at the back of the lodge, with the jacuzzi and sauna on either side of a sitting area with four loungers. The porch looked out onto a lake, and beyond that the fells, which were bathed in the golden light of the late summer evening.

I could hear a lot of giggling coming from the kitchen, and I was dying to poke my head in to see what they were up to, but just as I was about to succumb to the temptation, they came out with three mugs of hot tea, and a plate of chocolate coated ginger biscuits - my favourite. We sat down, the girls cuddled together on the settee, whilst I took one of the chairs opposite them. Susie opened her handbag, and pulled out a little pack of blue pills - Viagra - and gave one to me, saying, "Here Will, take one of these now, you are going to need this if you are going to keep up with us. I will keep you restocked at appropriate intervals, don't worry."

By now I was beginning to develop a raging hard-on, and was forced to re-adjust my trousers. The girls just looked at my crotch and laughed, and Debbie gave a low wolf whistle. " Someone looks ready for action," she said, "but he will just have to be patient."

My cock got even harder, if that was possible, and started to twitch in my pants, as I realised that the girls must have been planning something special for this weekend for some time. I could hardly wait to get on with the fun and games, but I was entirely in their hands, and they were not going to be hurried - the mental foreplay and teasing was going to make the consummation so much more explosive.

Once they had finished their tea and biscuits, Susie and Debbie got up and walked off hand in hand in the direction of the bedroom. Susie looked back over her shoulder as they reached the door, smiled naughtily, and said, "We are going to have some girl talk for the next hour. You can bring the food in from the car, and put everything in the refrigerator. Then you can light the wood burner so that the room is nice and cosy this evening, make sure the jacuzzi is ready to go, and after you have done all that, I suggest you hook up the laptop to the television, make sure you are online, and find some nice porn to watch - you can stroke yourself, but you are strictly forbidden to cum! When we come back out I will let you and Debbie have some quality time whilst I cook dinner." With that,she followed Debbie into the bedroom and firmly shut the door behind her.

Once I had finished my chores, and set up the laptop, I settled down to a really hot lesbian massage video, stroking myself through my trousers, but taking care not to let myself get carried away. I wanted to cum for the first time either in or on Debbie, and to ensure that she got the full benefit of my desire. Even though the video was beautifully shot, and deeply erotic, my mind wasn't totally engaged by it, as I strove to hear what was going on in the bedroom - O to be a fly on the wall. At first there was a lot of laughter and giggles, but after a while I thought I heard what sounded like moans and heavy breathing, and I could swear that at one point I heard a voice saying, "Oh yes, please don't stop, that's so nice," followed by a deep and contented sigh.

After what started to seem like an eternity the door opened and Susie came out dressed in a pair of figure hugging blue jogging pants, and a white tee shirt. She had no bra on, and I could see the nipples of her large and shapely bosom straining against the thin cotton, and I was excited to notice that she was not wearing any panties. "Close your eyes, you naughty man," she said in a commanding voice, "and don't open them until I tell you to."

After a few seconds, and more giggling, she said, "You may now open your eyes."

I did as I was told, and there just a couple of feet in front of me was a vision of nubile loveliness. It was Debbie, but she looked completely different from the assured mature woman of just an hour before. She was wearing a short black mini skirt, that only covered about one third of her delicious naked thighs, black holdups, and a white blouse tied below her breasts leaving her tummy exposed, and through which I could clearly see a black lacy bra that barely contained her voluptuous breasts.

"Hello Mr Humphries," Debbie said in a sexy voice, "will you give me a cuddle if I come and sit with you on the settee? I have been a very silly girl, and I can't tell my parents, who would be very shocked. I need someone to tell me that everything is all right, and I know that you will understand. Please Mr Humphries."

Susie butted in, "Will, you can give Debbie some quality time, whilst I go on prepare dinner. She will be off to university in a few weeks time, and this might be one of your last opportunities you have her all to yourself before all those handsome students steal her away."

I have to admit that this was not the scenario I had been envisaging as we drove up the motorway that afternoon. But,what the heck, how could I refuse when a beautiful girl was looking at me so adoringly out of her big dark eyes? There was also the small matter of her delicious creamy thighs, and the invitation of more delights as yet hidden from my gaze, not to mention the soft pillows of her breasts, which I couldn't wait to free from their lacy prison.

I patted the settee beside me, and said, "Come and sit down here, Debbie, and tell me all about it. I'm sure its nothing that I can't kiss away."

Somehow at that moment Debbie contrived to drop her handkerchief, which she had been clutching in her hand, and with which she dabbed the corner of her eyes from time to time, as if she had been crying. She turned and bent over to pick it up giving me a glorious view of her panty clad bottom, which was so soft and inviting that I was definitely going to have to kiss it before too much of the evening had passed.

Standing up, she smoothed down her skirt as if nothing had happened, and cuddled up beside me, giving me a very sweet kiss on the lips as she sat down. Her lips were full and soft, and ever so slightly parted with the merest hint of her tongue poking through to taste my lips, and she tasted like summer fruits and sunshine. "You are so sweet, Mr Humphries," she said, as she leaned her head on my shoulder, "I know I can depend on you to make me feel better."

"Now tell me what the problem is," I replied, slipping my arm around her waist, and resting my hand on her bare tummy just below the swell of her right breast. "I will see what I can do to make your blues go away, I always like to see a girl lit up with happiness, rather than full of woe. And please call me Will, Mr Humphries is so formal," I said in my most re-assuring voice, whilst wondering how I was going to get to sample some of the feminine delights so blatantly on offer beside me.

"Mr Humphries ... er Will,"she sniffed, "it's the boys. They all want me to show them my titties. I'm so bad - when I was round at Paul's house the other evening with him and three of his friends, I took my blouse and bra off and sat there so that they could all have a good look," another sniff. 

She lowered her voice and went on, "then they wanted to feel them, and I let them all play with them and suck my nipples. It was very bad of me, I know, but it was so nice, and made me feel all tingly inside. But then they bit me, Will, but it was funny because it didn't hurt, and it was very strange because it gave me a funny feeling between my legs. Could you have a look at my titties please, and feel them, just to make sure that those naughty boys haven't done any harm."

No sooner had she said this than she unbuttoned her blouse, and undid the clasp between her breasts - it was a front fastening bra, I realised - and released her gorgeous globes from their constraints. I was in heaven, but I tried to remain in my role as confidante, which was becoming increasingly difficult. I continued to allow Debbie to take the lead, but I thought that I was definitely in heaven when she continued, "In fact I think you better kiss them to make them better, just in case there is something wrong with them."

To make life easy for me to do what she had asked, Debbie swung her right leg over my lap, and ended up kneeling on the settee astride me. As she did this, her skirt pulled up to reveal her panties, giving me a lovely view of her barely concealed pussy, a pussy I hoped I was soon going to become much more intimately acquainted with. She leaned forward and, holding her breasts in her hands, presented first one and then the other to me for me to suckle. A sigh of pleasure escaped from her lips, and she murmured, "Oh, that is so nice, my titties feel so much better now. Please don't stop, keep on sucking them, it feels so good, and I've got that funny feeling between my legs again." As she said this she put her right hand between her legs, and began to rub herself through the thin silky material of her panties, which were beginning to look suspiciously damp.

At that moment Susie poked her head out of the kitchen to tell us that dinner wouldn't be long - she had brought a pre-prepared stew with us, and it was only a matter of heating it up in the microwave and cooking the vegetables. "Don't mind me," she said, "but it would be helpful if one of you could lay the table, and Will, don't forget that nice bottle of wine we brought - perhaps you better uncork it now to let it breath."

Debbie climbed off my lap and went into the bedroom whilst I found the corkscrew and opened the wine. When she came back into the room, she was wearing a see through baby doll, with matching panties and thigh length robe, all of which did nothing to hide her charms, but in some way drew emphasis to her ravishing beauty. 

"Look what I got for my eighteenth birthday," she cooed, "don't you think it's pretty. It makes me feel so grown up and sexy, and I'm so glad that you are the first person to see me in it. I was also given something else, something much more intimate and exciting, but I'm not going to let you see it yet because I'm hoping that Mrs Humphries, I mean Susie, is going to show me how to use it later on tonight."

Dinner was agony for me. The sight of Debbie's delicious boobs across the table was driving me mad, and I couldn't wait for the last plate to be emptied, so that we could continue where we had left off. Susie had other, although equally delightful ideas however. "Debbie, you can do the washing up and make coffee like a good girl. You will find a pinny behind the door to protect your pretty clothes from any splashes. I need to take Will aside into the bedroom for a little while for a serious chat."

As soon as we were through the door, Susie pulled her jogging bottoms down, stepped out of them and leaned forwards with her hands on the bed, and her legs apart. Her pussy lips were already engorged, and she was very wet. "Get over here and fill my pussy with your gorgeous cock, you animal. Don't worry about any foreplay, Debbie and I had a nice little play earlier, but I need some cock really badly. This has been so hot up to now, and just thinking about what you are going to get up to with Debbie later this evening is making me hornier than I have been for a long time."

I didn't need any further encouragement, because, to be honest, I was in desperate need of some relief before my balls burst. Having to watch Debbie over dinner had been torture, albeit nice torture, and I was aching to fuck someone, it really didn't matter who at this stage. I placed the head of my cock at the entrance to Susie's and with one thrust buried myself deep into her eager and welcoming depths. What followed was not an act of gentle love making, but sheer animal lust, and we fucked each other with the savagery of wild beasts. I pounded Susie's cunt harder and faster than I thought humanly possible, and she responded by thrusting her hips hard back into my groin as she sought to take me deeper and deeper into her womb. I slapped the cheeks of her bottom as I drove into her mercilessly, whilst she desperately frigged her clitoris as she sought the release of her climax. We were both moaning and groaning, and shouting expletives so loud that they might have been heard in the next lodge twenty yards away.

Then at last the damn burst. Susie screamed ,"O fuck, O fuck, I'm cumming, aaaaaargh," or something like that. Her back arched and she threw her head back, as wave upon wave of convulsions ripped through her body, sending her into paroxysms of ecstasy. Her cunt muscles contracted hard around my cock, and driving me over the edge as my orgasm burst up from my balls and exploded out of my cock, pumping spurt after spurt of hot cum deep into her body. The feeling was like a giant spear ripping me apart from within, almost painful in its intensity, and yet so sweet. As our passion subsided to be replaced by the blissful peace of post coital bliss, I glanced up, and through the mirror beside the bed I could see Debbie in the open doorway, her panties around her ankles, rubbing her pussy furiously, and thrusting two fingers into her cunt until she too came in ecstasy, a look of unimaginable rapture on her face.

It took several minutes for us all to recover. Debbie disappeared into the second bathroom, whilst Susie put her jogging pants back on and went out to the kitchen to check on the washing up and the coffee. I went into the bathroom to clean my cock up with a flannel, and then changed into a pair of silk pyjamas, before going back out into the main room.

I looked into the kitchen to see Susie loading the dishwasher, "That naughty girl," she said, "she hasn't done anything I asked," knowing full well that she had been masturbating whilst watching us fuck, "You will have to give her a good spanking on her bare bottom."

I strode over to the bathroom, and hammered on the door. "Come on out of there," I shouted, "you have been a very naughty girl. Susie asked you to load the dishwasher and make coffee, and you have done nothing at all. Come on out of there this minute. I am very cross with you, and I am going to spank your bottom as a warning not to disobey her again."

Slowly the door opened, and Debbie crept out with a very sheepish expression on her face, and giving little sniff, as if she had been crying. I grabbed her by the hand and yanked across the floor to the settee. I sat down, pulled her across my knee and pulled her panties down around her ankles to expose the deliciously rounded globes of her bottom.

"Please don't Will," she wailed, "don't spank me, I will be a good girl, I promise."

But I was merciless and set to with a vengeance, spanking her bare bottom with the flat of my right hand, first one cheek and then the other. After ten good slaps to each side, I stopped for a moment. Her bottom was bright red, and Debbie was squirming from side to side and sobbing her heart out. Her legs had parted a little with each blow, and I could now see every detail of her heavenly pussy. Her inner pussy lips were swollen and glistening with her juices, which were starting to run down her slit and dripping from her plump pussy mound onto my lap. I pretended to be even more angry shouting, "Look at the mess you have made of my pyjamas, you will receive more punishment for that, giving her five more blows on each side.
