 It had been a good day, in fact a good week, so far - hard work, but successful. Everything leading towards the end of the month was almost complete and I'd just said my farewells to my colleagues. Our office was on the 10th floor of a 12-storey building in downtown Los Angeles, and I usually chose to walk down the stairs. For some reason, that day, I'd decided to take the lift. It was notoriously unreliable, breaking down more times in a week than my most stressed-out colleague. We even christened it 'the rape lift' although no-one had ever complained about being raped in it, at least not that we'd heard.

I worked as an account manager in a group of 5 women and 3 guys, all in their 30s, active. modern and quite attractive, in general. We had a good relationship and spent time at each others houses and also enjoyed social events together. None of them seemed to have paired off, because most already had partners, but a few rumours had circulated a few times about John and Caroline, the two most attractive of the group. They always smiled at each other in that special way that you usually only see between lovers, but both were married with kids, so....

Musing on my day, I pressed the lift call button and waited. I heard the lift start up from one of the floors above - even the floor-indicator lights didn't work successfully. But within about a minute, the lift did arrive at my floor and the doors slowly cranked open. I stepped in the quite small lift to find it occupied by just one young guy who I'd seen a few times in the building, especially during lunch in the restaurant. I remembered that he was always with a most attractive young girl who made my hormones boil. I've always been a little bit bisexual, and love the taste of a young female pussy once in a while. I smiled at him as the lift doors closed and the machine began its slow descent.

But only to the next floor. The doors opened again to reveal a large party of people standing there waiting to get in. The lift had an 8-person limit and it was soon full. But the nice thing was that I was pressed up against a few people, all of whom smelled good and they were chatting excitedly about a meeting they'd just had. I now couldn't see that young guy, but I could feel someone very close behind me, pressing against me. In fact, as the lift started moving again, very jerkily this time, I felt the person behind me move up very close. Could I feel a large lump pressing against my ass? Wow! yes I could. There was a guy with an erection pressing against me and it felt like a really big one too. I knew immediately that it was the guy from the floor above.

The lift started to grind its way slowly downwards and that erection seemed to get larger and larger as it pressed harder into my soft yielding buttocks. My pussy had already been wet at the thought of going home to my lover and now it began that tingle that tells me to beware - it wants some action. I even wriggled my ass a little, to try to get the erection to move between my ass cheeks, but a look from the woman just in front of me made me give up that idea quickly. For some reason, she was looking at the guy behind me with a rather sexy smile - maybe she'd enjoyed him some other time in the lift?

At the ground floor, all of the group got out of the lift, except the guy behind me and myself. And he didn't move away from me as the lift doors closed again and it started on down to the underground garage. In fact, his hands moved to rest on my hips and he pulled himself even harder against me. It felt like he had a steel rod pressed against my ass, and it was throbbing like a wild thing. Oh so sexy! I wasn't going to resist, at least not yet. I could feel my pussy juicing up nicely and my panties were getting a lot more damp.

The lift stopped at its lower limit and the doors opened. He stepped away from me into the doorway and grinned. 

"You know, Julia, there's no-one on our floor now. They've all gone home." 

I grinned back at him, glancing quickly down at the huge bulge sticking out of his trousers. 

"Yes, you did get me hard, as you felt. I've been thinking about you for several weeks now, hoping we might meet sometime," he continued, not moving out of the lift. "Shall we go back up to the 12th?" he asked sweetly.

Well now I did have a very simple choice. Say 'no' and go home and make love with my boyfriend, who would be more than ready for me after our sexy telephone calls all day. Or....enjoy this young stud for a while. I'm afraid that my pussy did the deciding for me. At just the moment when I needed to have a clear head and make a rational decision, there was a terrific pulse through my pussy - was I squeezing my legs together or something? And I almost had the most amazing cum! Somehow I managed to just moan a little as I bit my lower lip to keep myself from crying out with pleasure as the lovely feelings rushed through me. But too late - he'd noticed my eyes displaying their pleasure.

He stepped back in the lift and pressed the 12th floor button. And he cancelled all the other calls on the way up - I knew about that function of this otherwise archaic lift. It was a way to get up to the top 3 floors quickly. The doors rattled shut and he moved against me again, this time face to face. He had a hungry look in his eyes, one that turned my legs to jelly. 

"I really fancy you," he whispered as he brushed his lips across mine. 

So soft and warm, I wanted to grab them and kiss him deeply... His hands were on my hips again, such gentle hands, stroking along my sides and pulling me rhythmically against him. Yes, I could still feel that huge solid shaft between his legs, urgently pushing out towards me.

I put my arms round him and pulled him close, just so that I could feel his hardness burying deeper into my belly. Oooooooooooo it did feel good and my pussy was already saying how much she wanted to enjoy him, juicing even more with each passing moment. We passed my own office floor and I heard some banging on the door as we rattled past. I'd done that myself several times as it annoyed me when a lift went straight past. But that time I was quite glad it did! It would have embarrassed me a lot if any one of my colleagues had seen me in such a compromising position. They all knew my lover well, some of them more than just that as we'd enjoyed several 3somes with the girls. I just didn't want him to find out from them - I'd tell him later - maybe.

"My name's Brian," he murmured as the lift came to a stop on the 12th. "Do you want to go to my office?" 

"Uh no," I replied, pressing the emergency stop button of the lift. "Let's just stay here - it's rather erotic." 

He smiled and his hands slid above my waist taking my short soft top with them. The feel of his bare hands on my skin was electrifying - so warm and so gentle. He encountered my bra but with superb expertise, he slid it upwards and freed my breasts. I have deliciously firm breasts and my nipples were already hard and aching, even more so when he pushed me back against the side of the lift and started to massage them erotically. He cupped them and lifted them to enjoy their weight then squashed them against me, then circled them with his finger nails until I was almost crying with delight. As the fingers of both hands closed on my big nipples I knew he was going to make me cum - just as he started to squeeze them my body erupted into a raging orgasm, which almost threw me to the floor.

He stayed caressing my nipples gently as he felt my cum explode and rush through my body, his face, when I could focus on him again, was open in a broad and very satisfied grin. 

"Oh man," I managed to smile, "I guess I needed that!" 

"Yes Julia, I gather you did," he grinned. "How can I add to that?" 

I chuckled softly at him, "Maybe you can't, but I'm sure that you'd like to try." 

"Would you mind?" he asked gently. 

"Mind? If you stopped now I'd just claim you raped me," I grinned mischievously. 

"Maybe you would actually like it if I did?" he asked with an equally mischievous grin.

I didn't reply, but simply took his hands from my breasts and pressed the down button of the lift. He looked at me in surprise and then somewhat in shock. But as often with this damned lift, nothing happened. I pressed the clear button and re-pressed down, but still nothing happened. I noticed he was grinning even more broadly. 

"Looks like you'll have to run down the stairs now. Or perhaps, you would now like to let me taste your body even more completely?"

Now should I put up a fight here, or would it be best just to enjoy this obviously very skillful and experienced guy? 

I did not have to make that decision, because at that precise moment a soft female voice called out "Brian, is that you?" 

I just had time to push my bra and top down to cover myself up when his pretty girlfriend appeared in the doorway of the lift. She took one look at me and smiled. 

"Oh, I'm sorry, Ms. Jonson, I did not realise you were here. Is Brian keeping you amused? I know he fancies you. We often make love with him calling your name as he empties his big balls into my aching pussy. Don't you Brian?" 

She snarled at him a little, and when he sheepishly said "Yes, darling" I realised who was dominant in their partnership.

But he didn't move away from me - his body was still pressed against mine and his big prick was throbbing, if anything it had even grown a lot bigger. 

"Are you going to invite Ms. Jonson into your office? Seeing as tho you've brought her all the way up here!" she almost shouted. 

At that he stepped away from me and she held out her hand. It was perfectly manicured, as I imagined it would be, and her body was lithe and athletic as I already knew it was, having eyed her up many times.

I took her hand gently and she urged me with her eyes to follow as she started to walk down the corridor, not far, just two doorways. 

"Oh it's OK Ms. Jonson," she exclaimed, "No-one here but us - we often spend evenings here having fun." 

She threw open the office door on which I saw his name, Brian Wilson, Account manager. His office was standard, except for a very large table and some cushions thrown around the floor. The outlook across the city was superb as our office block was away from all the others in downtown and looked across a lovely park. The sun was just going down behind the sea in the far distance - a beautiful sight as always when the smog eased away.

He followed us into the room and sat on the edge of the table. His huge erection was tenting his trousers again and I looked at it hungrily. But I was now wondering whether I was going to be able to enjoy him at all, with her dominating the scene. However, I didn't need to worry. She pulled me with her as she moved right up to him and knelt down in front of him. 

"Go on," she urged, "You know you want to see it. Take it out. It's quite gorgeous." 

She was licking her lips in anticipation, and my pussy was now dribbling juices through my panties and onto my thighs.

I reached out and gingerly found the top of his zipper. 

"No underwear!" she cried, as I started to slowly pull his trouser zip downwards. 

However, I was not expecting the beauty of his massive erection as it literally shot through the opening. It was truly massive, long and thick, like a tree branch, and absolutely soaked with pre-cum. I wanted to grab it and possess it immediately. I still managed to pull the zipper down completely and both of us girls just sat back on our heels and watched as his huge tool just jerked back and forth in front of our eyes. It was truly magnificent, and he knew it.

I leaned towards him and she followed me, but it was her hand that went out first. She grabbed his prick firmly close to the base and pointed it towards my mouth. 

"Don't worry darling," she cooed, "this prick can spurt at least 5 times tonight. You'll have a chance to watch it, taste it and feel it wherever you like." 

She smiled at me and her eyes indicated that I should try and take him into my mouth. I love giving head, but this was bigger than I'd ever tried before. I nuzzled my lips against it and got the sweet taste of his pre-cum on my tongue. Oh yes, this was going to be good, I knew it.

I parted my lips, and opened my mouth as far as I thought it could go and then pushed my head down onto the head of his huge prick. He groaned with pleasure as it actually went into my mouth and I could run my tongue across the sensitive ridge. I was surprised that I could take it inside, and tried to grin. That was impossible with such a huge stick in my mouth, and then I moved it deeper. He hit the back of my throat before he was half way in. Oh man, I thought, I'm never going to be able get it all in. But I didn't need to try any further. I could feel her hand stroking the long part of the shaft that was not buried in my mouth. And I could also feel the tension building up in his body. He must be really close, I thought.

I did manage to push him in and out of my mouth a couple of times before he shouted something totally unintelligible. He suddenly jerked his body and his prick shot out of my mouth. With her hand holding him firmly, the throbbing shaft began to pulsate violently before sending out the first of a long series of spurts of his hot cum. That spurt hit the floor and then on my skirt, then she aimed it at herself and the second went almost entirely into her mouth. With a quick sign from her eyes, she asked me to take the head into my mouth quickly and the third spurt shot down my throat - so warm and delicious. Then she let go of his prick and let him direct it where he wanted as the next three spurts slowly decreased in strength. Most of the rest of his cum just fell to the floor as I had moved as did not want to travel on the metro with my clothes covered in a layer of drying cum. The small amount that got onto my skirt would sponge off easily.

She grinned at me. 

"That was great. You enjoy it too?" 

"Oh yes," I replied watching his prick as it didn't even deflate one little bit. 

She helped me to stand up and pushed him roughly aside, then pushed me backwards until I had no choice but to lie on my back on the table. She ordered him to put a pillow under my head, while she was already lifting my skirt and pulling down my soaking wet panties. I don't think I've ever been so wet. She murmured and moaned to herself as she eyed up my cleanly shaven pussy. 

"Can I taste you?" she asked softly. 

There was nothing I wanted more!

He stood beside the table and started to push up my top again, as he'd done in the lift so successfully. I watched her though as she pushed my legs apart and moved between them smoothly, running her nice hot tongue up the insides of one thigh, then the other. 

"I can see your pussy oozing juices. Babe, you're so horny!" she exclaimed. 

"Don't talk, just lick me," I begged her, desperate to feel her tongue lapping at my sensitive clit.

She put her arms on either side of my legs and almost lifted me up towards her mouth. I watched as her tongue came out, tensing myself for the pleasure I was about to feel. His hands were now squeezing my breasts after he'd pushed up my bra yet again. Then her tongue brushed across my clit. And I was in heaven. The orgasm feelings built up so rapidly and so far as her exquisite tongue played its tune across my horny clit. I was going to cum, cum quickly and cum very hard. And suddenly I was floating somewhere in space. His fingers had grabbed onto my hugely erect nipples and he squeezed them hard as her tongue completed its run up my clit. I exploded quite literally inside and she said later that I simply filled her mouth with a big spurt of cum juices. All I remember is wave after wave of extreme pleasure coursing through me and I was dimly aware of hands holding onto me.

When I'd calmed down and the room came back into focus again, the two of them were breathlessly watching me, holling tightly to various parts of me as I still writhed across the table. 

"Hey, darling," she cried, "Coming down at last? We had a difficult job holding you on the table!" 

They were both grinning broadly, obviously almost as excited by watching me cum as I was in actually having the orgasm. He bent down and kissed me deeply on the lips, his tongue giving mine a great exploration. Her fingers were gently playing around my pussy, which felt like it was now in need of his big hard prick.

I didn't need to tell him, he knew, and so did she. She moved aside and invited him between my legs, which I was holding so wide apart it felt like my pussy was a mile wide. And maybe it needed to be! I looked over my pussy and watched as he moved gently between my legs, his enormous tool sticking up proudly way beyond his waist. It was a true monster, and much bigger than anything else that I'd ever had inside me, even sex toys. He put his arms on my thighs and pushed them even further apart. 

"I love to see a wide open and horny pussy eager for a treat," he murmured as he took that great shaft in his hand and directed it towards my now aching pussy.

Work in progress...