 Part 1.

Ever since you took the job as maid in the castle you've been encountered with many odd events. But tonight's event will probably be the most unusual one yet. The man owning the castle has some peculiar ideas, but there is always a strong lustful attraction between you and him. The two of you are the same age, both single and hungry for some lustful adventures. You have noticed on several occasions when you have done cleaning or bent over to set the dining table that you have caused a reaction inside his pants. 

This evening you are preparing one of the saloons. There is a classical set of two chairs in red and gold along with a three person sofa places around a large table in the middle of the room. Painting, draped and candles surround the walls, and a large chandelier hangs from the ceiling. 

As you are lighting the candles and turning on the lights it creates a very soft and cosy atmosphere in the otherwise large room. 

You have been told that the evening will be rather erotic and that there are two guests expected. So for the special occasion you have altered your otherwise quite normal maid uniform into a little sexier one. You are showing more of your breasts, and the brassiere can be slightly seen as well, and your skirt is rather short so the stay-ups you are wearing show just a little bit skin if you bend forward. And you are also wearing a exclusive silk underwear, since you have shaved between your legs earlier it feels really smooth and elegant against your sensitive skin.

As you are leaning over the table to place the last candles in order the owner walks in wearing an elegant but comfortable jacket and trousers. He places his hand on your waist and says it looks wonderful and just perfect for the evening. With his arm he turns you around and presses his lips on yours and kisses you passionately. You can sense his tongue sliding over your closed lips during the kiss. It seems so sudden so you open your mouth in pure surprise and in a short moment your tongues meet. The kiss feels electric and it sends tingles all over your body. 

The kiss is as suddenly stopped as it began, he takes a seat on one of the chairs. Before he crosses his legs you can see his erection pressing inside his pants. 

You decide to tease him some more so you put everything on the table in perfect order, you are leaning over so from one side he can see inside your brassiere as you lean forward. Then you go around the table and you show him your sexy ass as the skirt slides up a bit when you lean forward. As you lean forward you look back at him and notice him looking at your ass and touching his erection from outside his pants. 

As you imagine how much he wants to put his face and tongue between your legs or press his huge erection inside of your pussy you feel yourself become wet.

When you stand back up he stands up too and presses himself onto you and kisses you passionately. His hands grab your waist and as he does that you can feel his erection against your lower stomach.

Again the kiss is broken off and he starts to explain about the evening.

"There are two performers coming here tonight, they will do a erotic show. But there is also something I want to test since I have invented a pill which gives a man instant erection again after having an orgasm. The pill also gives an increase in sperm production."

You know that he has made much money from different inventions but you have never heard of anything like this before. He says again;

"I want to try the pill on the man performer and also on myself to see if it works well enough. And I want your help too."

You say that you are willing to help in any way you can. 

The doorbell rings so you go for answering the door. As you open the large heavy front door you notice a tall handsome man standing there with a briefcase in his hand. You invite him in and he thanks you. You ask if he is alone and he says yes.

"My partner is running little late unfortunately, but she should be here in about 30 minutes."

You lead the man into the prepared room. The man greets the owner and they sit down. The man sits on the larger sofa and complements the interior and the magnificent house. 

"The atmosphere in this room is perfect for our performance.", he says.

He opens the briefcase, you are curious so you lean over to see what is inside. You see all kinds of sex toys to use on women and also some oils and lubricants.

He says that he usually prepares himself too so that he is erect and ready when his partner arrives.

The owner says; "My maid can assist you."

You are taken by surprise but you decide to sit next to the man ask how you can assist him. He says that usually he masturbates to get a big erection. In an instant you place your hand over his pants and squeeze his semi hard erection. You open his pants and slide your hand inside to feel his warm erection against your soft hand. You grab it and take it out, you can feel it starting to grow in your hand. It becomes bigger and bigger as you slowly slide your hand up and down. You have never seen such a big erection before and it turns you on when you imagine how it would feel inside of you.

He stands up and takes his pants off and moves over to the side of the sofa. His erection is pointing at you so you change your position on the sofa, now you sit on your legs on the sofa while leaning towards his big erection. 

You grab it with one hand and press your lips against the head of his erection. As you open your moth a little bit you slide your tongue out and taste him. You slide your kissing mouth and tongue from the head down to the base of his erection. Your hand moves to his balls and you can feel how heavy they are with his cream. You place kisses and suck a little on his balls before you slide back up to his erection's head.

You open your mouth widely to take his erection inside your hot mouth. It slides more and more inside your mouth, you feel it smoothness sliding over your tongue. 

You look over to the owner sitting in the chair and you see he is watching closely at your treatment. You know that your oral technique it really good so you decide to show him how it is really done.

With one hand on his balls, the other stroking his erection and your mouth sliding back and forth little faster while you suck harder. The man is really enjoying your treatment as you hear him moaning. You start to feel some tension in his balls and erection and you guess he does not have far to go before he has an orgasm. 

You sense he tries to pull out from your mouth but instead you grab him harder with your hands and suck him more intensely.

His legs becomes tense and you hear a moan escape his lips and you feel his balls and erection twitch. You hold his erection closely in your mouth as you feel it starting to coat your tongue and inside your mouth with his cream. There is so much cream but you somehow can hold it all in your mouth even after the last squirts comes, and you have not swallowed a drop either. 

When you no longer feel any more cream coming you slowly slide your mouth off his erection while holding his cream in your mouth. You decide to show the owner your trophy inside your mouth. 

When he sees all the white cream as you open your mouth he says;

"Wow! You really drained him from his cream!"

You just nod and smile as you swallow his big load. While you lick your lips you look over at the man who's big erection now is not big at all.

The owner asks the man if he wants something to drink. He says that he really needs something healthy if he will get hard again for the performance. The owner looks at you as to say follow him. He stands up while the male performer sits down on the sofa. You both walk to the kitchen, while you take out some healthy drink he brings over some powder to you from one of the boxes. He says to you;

"It was perfect you made him come, now I can try my new medicine on him."

So you mix the powder into the drink and bring it out to the man sitting in the sofa. He takes a sip and likes the taste and quickly finishes his drink.

The same moment he places his glass on the table you hear the doorbell ringing.

Part 2.

The woman standing at the door is dressed in a sexy evening gown and showing off her big breasts. Because of the little chilly evening her nipples can be seen hard underneath the dress, apparently she is not wearing any brassiere. 

She follows you into the room and she greets the owner as she enters. And then she walks over to the sofa and takes a seat next to the man.

It seems like the man has recovered quite quickly since he starts kissing her passionately. The owner starts talking as they kiss and ask what they will do for their show. The performers ask;

"Do you have any special requests?"

"Well, what about giving oral to her as a start and then later on you can use some of the toys as well.", the owner asks.

"We can surely do that.", the man replies.

You walk over to the owner's seat as you watch the man slide slowly down to the floor in front of the woman. She opens her legs a little and puts her feet on the table. The man pushes her skirt upwards at the same time she slides down toward the edge of the sofa. Now he has perfect view and access to use his mouth on her.

The owner looks at you and says you should also sit down on the chair next to him and enjoy the show as well. You are already becoming wet by what happened before and for what you are about to see and experience.

Suddenly the owners says to the man;

"Can you please move to the side a little bit before so we can see her pussy?"

The man moves to the side as the women opens her legs a little bit more. She slides two fingers down to her shaved pussy and lets them go in circles. With her other hand she slides the top of her dress down a little as well to expose one of her breasts. She massages her breast and plays with her nipple, and she even pushes it towards her and licks it. She lets one finger slide inside her pussy and slowly lets it go in and out. When she pulls it out it is all wet with her juice. She takes her wet finger and circles it on her nipple and then licks it again.

You notice that both the owner and the male performer are watching the woman with great desire as she teases them with her show. But she has no idea of the show you put on little bit earlier. As you glance over the owner's pants you see his huge erection poking inside. You slide your hand over to it and massage it outside his pants. Both of you lean over and kiss each other passionately, he then breaks the kiss and leans down to your breasts and kisses them outside your uniform. You can sense his warm breath through the uniform and thin brassiere. Your nipples react and become hard so quickly.

He slides one hand inside your uniform and brassiere and starts massaging your breasts. Your nipple slides between his fingers and makes it harder. He leans over and says;

"Did you enjoy sucking him before and feel all his sperm fill your mouth?"

You are moaning from him squeezing your breast so say with lust in your voice;

"Yes, it turned me on!"

He whispers again;

"Did it taste good when you swallowed it?"

You answer him as you think about how it tasted;

"It was so much cream but I liked it!"

He squeezes your breast more and presses his fingers around your nipples as he says;

"Maybe later I will do the same thing to you. You looked so skilled with your mouth. But I also want to taste and feel the rest of your body!"

Then he leans back up and says to the performers;

"Please continue your show."

Part 3.

You watch the performers start their show again and you let your hand slide up and down on the owner's big erection. You can feel it pulsating under your hand, it is so hard but yet the skin is so smooth and warm. The owner moves his hand down to your knee and then slides up your thigh until it softly stops over your panty and skirt. You sense his finger sliding over the silky panty and massaging your pussy from the outside. It is starting to become seriously wet and making your silk panty damp from your juices.

The male performer starts to move his head downwards, between her legs. You can imagine how he sticks out his tongue and taste her juicy pussy as he slowly begins to move his head a little upwards. His tongue is slowly sliding over the sensitive pussy lips and ending on her clit with a small circle. He does this over and over again. It must give the woman great pleasure as she starts to breathe more heavy and moaning. She grabs his hair and pushes him onto her pussy more closely.

It does not take long before the tries to silence a small scream as she has her orgasm. Her breasts are heaving and her body is shaking slightly just after she has come. He licks her very slowly now.

When her shaking ends, he moves up and kisses her breasts and then her mouth.

The owner suddenly speaks. But you also notice that his voice is slightly different now, it is more excited from the show and your handjob. He says;

"Come over here and give my maid the same treatment."

The owner leans over to you and says you will have some fun too.

You place your legs together and as the male performer comes by you, sitting on the floor, he grabs your hips. He slides your waist down to the edge of the chair, then he starts to slide off your moist panty. 

He notices your clean shaved pussy and removes your panty entirely and gives them to the owner. The owner places them in his pocket.

The male performer places your feet wide apart on the table and places himself between your waist and the table, sitting between your legs. You only see him stretching out his tongue and the second you feel it touches your pussy you close your eyes and enjoy the sensation. Just like before, he slides his tongue from down to up and makes a small circle around your clit. He starts in a slow pace but makes it more intense and faster as he notices your reaction and pleasure. You feel as you do not want to have an orgasm so easily. But the feeling is too much to resist. You start to moan and you also grab his hair and pull him towards you, urging him to lick faster. The juices inside you really start to flow and shortly after you have a shaking orgasm. Not until now did you notice that your other hand let go of the owner's hard erection. You look over at him as he looks into your eyes and then you look down at the male performer as you have a tremendous orgasm. Your whole body is shaking and tingling. As your shaking becomes less the male performer licks you really slowly but even that is too much, you are way too sensitive now. You try to push him away from you so you can catch your breath.

The male performer opens your uniform a little so he can have access to your breasts. Slowly and gently he licks and kisses them, all around and softly sucks on your nipples too. He then slowly returns to the sofa, where the woman is slowly playing with herself. She is making herself ready too, to have some more of his performance.

He sits down in the corner of the sofa, with his big erection standing straight up into the air. The woman kisses him on his mouth, on his chest and then places small kisses on his erection. She grabs it with one hand and slowly starts to suck it into her mouth. Ever so slowly making it harder and bigger.

You place your hand back on the owner's hard erection, and you slide your hand down to his balls and feel how heavy they are. Then your hand goes back up and starts to slide up and down on his erection again. Now both of you are watching the performers.

You watch in amazement as the woman starts to take more and more of his big erection into her mouth. Finally she fits it all inside. One thought goes through your mind ;"How could she swallow such a big erection inside her mouth?"

When she slowly slides her mouth back up to the top of his erection, it is all covered and wet from her slippery mouth.

She leans a little forward and up while pressing her breasts together. Now she starts to slide his erection between her breasts. And each time it goes up she licks his erection. Slowly she lets his erection slide between her breasts.

She moves up towards his face and kisses him before she sits on his hard erection. You and the owner watch closely as her pussy takes it all inside. With her back towards you, you can see her riding his big erection while he is kissing and sucking on her breasts. She places her hands on her ass cheeks and opens them a little so you can see more.

They change position again. Now she is sitting on her knees on the sofa, leaning forward to the side of the sofa and resting on the side with her hands. It is obvious he will enter her from behind. He steps around and takes out a toy from the suitcase. Drips some oil on it, the toy is shaped like a small carrot but pink in colour. He enters her from behind, slowly sliding his erection into her pussy. From her moans you can guess that she is really enjoying the sex. 

Slowly he slides in and out of her, while he has the toy in his hand which is resting on the side of her ass. His other hand is around her torso and grabbing her breast.

She moans and says;

"Put it inside too"

He lets his hand with the toy slide closer to her ass and in a screw motion very slowly pushes it into her other hole. Her body becomes tense in a second and then becomes relaxed as it slides inside a little. 

You notice that one hand of hers is under her body, touching her pussy. He continues to slowly slide his erection in and out, and in the same pace using the toy too. He's gently twisting the toy also, from side to side. 

In a little while he increases the pace and her moaning becomes louder. The sound of his waist hitting her ass is spread in the large room. She is touching herself wildly too. You think to yourself; "Is it possible she will have another orgasm so soon?"

As you are thinking that to yourself you her starting to scream a little and pushing her body back towards the man. The sounds are almost echoing in the big room. She screams again and has her second orgasm for the evening.

The owner suddenly says;

"What a great performance! We should take a small break for now. Please help yourself to the drinks and some fruits."

He continues;

"I must talk with my maid for a moment in the other room."

His way of saying that with great lust makes you think that he wants more than talking...

Part 4.

When you step into the other room you notice that he does not stop as he walks before you and holding you by the hand. He just keeps on walking to the next room which is the bedroom. In a quick pull he makes you stand right up next to him, moving his hands to grab you around your back and waist. Pulling you close to him so he can kiss you intensely. 

But the kissing soon ends; his desire is too great to hold back. He pushes you down on the soft bed, making you sit on the end of the bed. Soon his hands are on your knees as he opens up your legs.

You move your hands to his pants to release him from his belt and pants. His hard erection stands straight out and points to your mouth. You lean forward and let it slide into your hot mouth. He moans and starts to take off his jacket and shirt while moving his hips back and forth so he can slide his erection further into your wet mouth.

He is really enjoying you sucking him but he wants something else now so he tells you to turn around and lift your skirt so he can take you from behind. He wants to see you on your hands and knees on his bed.

There is the warmth from his hands as you feel them on your ass. He slides a finger inside of your warm and wet pussy. When he sees how wet you are already he takes out his finger and you can feel the tip of his erection push against your awaiting pussy. Slowly he pushes himself inside. You can feel his size open up your tight pussy, making it take all of his big erection. The movement starts to rock you back and forth.
