 My wife Kelly and I had invited her best friend Jennifer and Jennifer's new husband Derek over for dinner. We emptied one bottle of white wine with our meal and were well on our way to killing off a second when Kelly asked, "You two up for a movie?" They both nodded in assent and we were soon relocated to our long couch. Derek relaxed on the far end, with Jennifer curled up next to him. Kelly grabbed the remote and sat down close to her friend, and I settled in next to Kelly, one hand casually on her leg. Kelly held the remote up and hit play on the dvd . As chapter one of the disc lit up the screen, my jaw dropped with surprise. Kelly had put in a porn. 

"Holy shit!" Derek exclaimed. His voice cracked, revealing how turned on he was. I didn't speak. Kelly had cued it up beforehand so that the hot action started instantly. On screen, three couples -three men and three women- were already combining in some extremely imaginative ways. Kelly stroked my thigh sensually as I struggled to maintain my composure. If we'd been alone, I'd have taken her right there on the sofa, or the floor for that matter. 

As we watched, Kelly began kissing my neck, sending shivers down my spine. I heard Derek grunting from his end of the couch and guessed that Jennifer had brought him off with her hand right through his jeans.

"How do you like the dvd I picked out?" Kelly asked me, gazing up into my eyes with a double dose of false innocence. Before I could even think of a reply, she kissed my lips and turned her attention back to the screen.

The performers had formed a giant circle. An overhead camera angle was put to good use, showing the boy-girl-boy-girl entourage engaging in a bit of inspired oral creativity. As one guy got serviced by a chesty brunette, he was licking out a blond who in turn had her lips wrapped around a bearded guys meat and... well you get the idea.

At that moment, a grease fire in the kitchen would not have warranted my attention. My eyes were glued to the screen. Not that the girls noticed. They were just as absorbed in the film.

"That looks so yummy!" my wife said dreamily.

I noticed then that Kelly was now stroking the inside of Jennifer's thigh. 

"It's like a circle of infinite lust." Jennifer breathed.

Kelly suddenly grabbed the remote and hit pause, freezing the action on the screen. 

Before I knew what was happening, my wife and her best friend were kissing. It took me a few moments for my brain to process that I was really seeing this right in front of me and not on the television screen. Jennifer's hands groped greedily across my wife's ample breasts, slid 

down to her hips and pulled her closer. Kelly had closed her eyes and was swirling her tongue in Jennifer's mouth. One of them whimpered as their desire escalated. 

Derek and I sat frozen in amazement as the girls stood up and slowly undressed each other. They managed this with barely a pause in their kissing. They were really committed to the intensity of the kiss! When Jennifer and Kelly finally turned to face us, I was thunderstruck by the symbolism of what I saw.

If the performers frozen on the screen provided the plate, then Kelly and Jennifer standing on either side looked like silverware in the most carnal place setting I could ever hope to imagine.

And yet it was real, and dinner was about to begin... again.

"Lose your clothes boys." Kelly commanded. 

My heart gave a little leap hearing the casual, dirty way my wife spoke. Derek and I scrambled to comply. What is that famous old quote? 'Haste makes waste'? I almost threw my shoulder out getting my shirt off and I fumbled with the double knots in my shoelaces briefly before giving up and simply kicking my shoes off. Derek meanwhile had tried to pull off his jeans before his shoes and was completely stuck. Jennifer rolled her eyes, but looked flattered, and helped to free him. 

Kelly pushed against my chest with the open palms of her hands and I leaned back against the back of the sofa. Derek did likewise as Jennifer knelt in front of him. Our wives began giving us slow, sensual head. Kelly gazed up at me with those big caramel eyes, her hair cascading around her face. She would bring me right to the edge, and then back off. It was maddening. Like being on a roller coaster that never quite takes that big downward plunge.

Every once in a while, the girls would pause to share a wet kiss and then return to our cocks. As if by hidden signal, Kelly climbed up onto my lap and impaled herself on my shaft in one thrust. Her box felt warm, slick and ready for anything. Inches away from us, Jennifer straddled Derek, sinking onto his throbbing bone with equal ease. 

I cupped one of Kelly's magnificent double D cups breasts up to my mouth, swirling my tongue gently around and over my wife's erect nipple. Kelly tilted her head back, moaning with pleasure.

Beside us, Derek was thrusting into Jennifer and nibbling at her neck, ears and breasts. His hands cupped her ass cheeks and squeezed. 

Kelly and I were making love for the first time in front of another couple. I was so turned on by our situation that I'm sure my heart rate 

was through the roof. As Derek and Jennifer matched our motions beside us, the girls would occasionally turn their heads to kiss. At one point, I was sucking on one of Kelly's nipples as Jennifer leaned down and nuzzled the other.

Derek must have thought that was pretty damn hot, because he suddenly let out a guttural groan. Jennifer bore down on his dick, grinding her hips against his frantic thrusts. He grabbed his wife in a tight embrace, his face contorted in a grimace of ecstasy as he came. Jennifer rocked gently back and forth on his slick pole, and they began kissing.

"That was so fucking hot," my wife exclaimed. Her breath starting coming in gasps. Kelly looked down at me. "Fuck me Tim!" she cried. Then she turned to her best friend, reached out and held her hand in a way that I found both sweet and erotic. Then she was gone; sobbing her way through an orgasm that racked her body like waves of roiling surf crashing against the rocks. Kelly let loose with a torrent of warm nectar from her pussy, drenching me. Jennifer leaned over to help her friend keep her balance, whispering words of encouragement to my wife and kissing away her tears of pleasure. 

That's when I got hit by the train. Imagine four ropes pulling your arms and legs taut, suspending you in midair right in front of an oncoming locomotive. You know its way to late to stop the train and all you can do is stare helplessly and wait for it to hit you. I came violently there on that sofa with my wife's pussy wrapped around my manhood, milking me and draining me dry. I practically had a seizure and when my orgasm finally subsided, I nestled my face between her lovely breasts, trembling. The four of us lay in a tangle of bodies, exhausted and content... for the moment.

What happened next still stands as the hottest, nastiest sex act I've ever seen my wife engage in. But that's a story for another time!