 My wife Kelly and I had invited her best friend Jennifer and Jennifer's new husband Derek over for dinner. After our meal and a couple bottles of wine, we watched a hot and nasty porn DVD. The action quickly heated up, with Kelly riding me on the couch while inches away, my wife's best friend and her husband made love beside us. It was one of the most memorable experiences in my entire life. But the evening didn't end there...

For several minutes the four of us lay there on the couch utterly spent, languidly leaning against one another in a sweaty tangle of arms and legs. I don't know who made the first move, but suddenly hands were roving, hips were grinding and we were all squirming around like kittens playing with yarn. 

"Wait, wait, wait!" Jennifer spoke excitedly, "I've got an... idea." She whispered the last word as if she barely dared speak it. She swallowed hard, then started to lift herself off Derek. Her pussy made a small squelching sound as she stood up and she quickly covered her slit with her hand. I thought it was out of modesty. Kelly had the most decadent gleam in her eyes that I'd ever seen. She carefully stood up too, also pressing her hand to her snatch. Kelly laid down on the carpet. Jennifer crouched over her. Derek figured out what was going to happen and groaned,

"Oh my FUCKING god! Do it! Please DO IT!" 

I finally caught on just as Jennifer and Kelly had settled in to a sixty-nine. Kelly began 

slurping Derek's cum out of Jennifer's wet pussy and Jennifer buried her face in my wife's oyster, intent on retrieving the pearly white gift I had just deposited. 

Derek and I ogled and stared like a couple of hicks marveling at their first Mardi Gras parade. I'd never seen anything that arousing and nasty in real life.

After a few minutes watching the girls, I realized I was fully erect and throbbing again. I could track the movement of my heart pounding just by watching my cock twitch. I crawled over to where Kelly was flicking her tongue around her friend's clitoris and kissed her forehead. She opened her eyes and saw me. Her eyes sparkled. 

"Hi baby," she said, her words slightly muffled.

"I fucking love you," I managed to say in an awed whisper. I scattered more little kisses over her forehead and temples. Kelly took her hands and spread Jennifer's ass cheeks. Her best friend's puckered little rosebud was on full display. I caught myself staring and forced by eyes back to Kelly. She raised her eyebrows questioningly and kept licking Jennifer's slit.

I leaned in, hesitated briefly, then began swirling my tongue softly over Jennifer's rectum. 

"Derek honey," she purred, "Did you know Tim is a very bad boy?" Encouraged, I probed my tongue further into her butt hole. 

Then Kelly made a whimpering sound and I jerked back quickly and looked down at her. Kelly's face was scrunched up and she was biting her lip. 

Had I gone too far with her friend? Was she suddenly ticked off at me?

Kelly's eyes fluttered open. "Oh fuck yes!" she exclaimed.

"What..." I started to say, momentarily confused. Then I saw movement from the corner of my eye. In what seemed like slow motion I turned my head.

Derek was fucking my wife.

At first I just sat there watching. I was stunned.

I watched as Derek thrust again and again into my wife's tight cooze. "I paved the way," I thought. "That's my cum providing the lubricant for your fucking."

That realization excited me and I let myself be swept away by how hot my wife looked with Derek pumping his meat in and out of her pussy and Jennifer wriggling and grinding her hips on my wife's face. Jennifer was leaning forward kissing her husband's chest and licking his nipples. 

"She'll come if you're pelvic bone rubs against her clit just right." I volunteered suddenly. I wanted Kelly to be happy and to know how hot I thought this all was. "Lean forward Derek." I said urgently, "Lean forward and make my wife come."

So he did. And she did too. Kelly shrieked and arched her back as her second orgasm wracked her voluptuous body. Almost simultaneously, Derek groaned and pulled out his rod, sending spurts of white goo onto his wife's breasts. 

I got back in the action then, gently helping Jennifer to her feet and over to the couch. I lifted her legs into the air and admired her neatly trimmed bush. Jennifer pulled her pretty pussy open with her fingertips and I got an amazing close-up up view of her most private place. The soft pink folds of her pussy were slick with my wife's saliva and a small pearl of Derek's cum had dribbled out of her box and was slowly making its way downward. Seized by some crazy impulse, I darted forward and plunged by tongue into Jennifer's asshole. If Derek could use my cum as lube for my wife's pussy, then I sure as hell wasn't going to hesitate about using his cum to lube up his wife's back door. I nestled the head of my cock against the opening of her anus and glanced around. Kelly was paying no attention. She had her lips wrapped around Derek's shaft. I looked at Jennifer, who was still holding he legs in the air, and raised my eyebrows questioningly. 

"You'd be my first..." she said softly.

My rod quivered at this confession and I eased myself into her back door. Jennifer bit her lip and frantically played with her clitoris as I gently slid my greased pole in and out of her. My body was blocking most of the action, and if either of the other two noticed, they gave no indication. To this day, I don't think Derek knows I fucked his wife up the ass right in front of him. 

When I felt close to coming, I pulled out and Jennifer and I tumbled to the floor. I hadn't intended on going back inside her pussy after being balls deep in her ass, but Jennifer seemed to have no reservations about sliding her cooze onto my rod. Kelly joined us then, straddling my face as her best friend bounced on my cock. When I felt my balls tighten, I asked the girls to let me up. I stood up and began stroking my slick shaft, the girls kneeling in front of me. As I approached orgasm, those two shameless vixens began french kissing, and I was soon spurting my hot seed onto their swirling tongues.

Unfortunately, every story has an ending, and we ran out of steam after that. Kelly invited them to share our king size bed with us that night and we all talked, cuddled, and eventually slept.

In the morning, Derek and Jennifer slipped off to shower together and I was alone with my wife for the first time in hours.

She gazed up at me shyly. It was apparent that something was on her mind.

"You doing okay honey?" I asked.

"Yeah, I was just thinking," Kelly replied, hesitating.

"What about?" I prodded, not sure where this was going.

"About you," my wife said, her eyes searching mine. "Did you have a nice time, Tim?"

"Phenomenal," I said emphatically, and gave her a kiss on her forehead.

"Was it fun enough that you'd want to do it again?" 

"With them?" I asked.

Kelly leaned forward, her eyes sparkling. "With any of our friends." 

You can guess my answer to that.

Knowing I was a very lucky man, I pulled her close to me, hugging her as if I'd never let her go.