 Chapter 02: Should You Have Sex With Your Client? Your Client's Friend?

This was great. I hated to spend dinners alone when I was traveling, particularly in hotel dining rooms. Because of this I often ended with a burger served up by room service and a beer or wine from the mini-bar. Instead the good-looking woman that had just become my client had invited herself to dinner with me at my hotel. She'd told me to order her a wine and that she'd meet me in half an hour.

Thirty minutes later, I'd secured a corner table in the lobby bar, a bowl of munchies (of which I'd eaten a third), and my Chardonnay and her Merlot when Grace appeared at the entrance. I hailed her with a hearty wave. She came across the room with a deliberate stride.

I paid more careful attention to her than I had earlier today. She'd been an executive at the table then, but now she was also a social companion. I had to be careful in balancing those roles.

Grace was probably five years older than I was -- late thirties I guessed. She had short, cropped brunette hair around her angular face. She had dark grey eyes that were actually sort of sexy. She was a sharp dresser and had a reasonably trim form, but her "suit" didn't reveal too much except shapely calves and slender ankles. She walked right up to me, giving me a brief kiss on the cheek. I was pleased but the kiss scrambled my brain about what kind of a working relationship we were forging suddenly. 

"Since we parted I have had a nightmare of a day. You and this wine are breaths of fresh air in my life. Thank you for this." She took a generous sip of the wine, gave me a devilish look and said, "Be sure you bill this to your client." We both laughed and I assured her I intended to. She put her hand on my arm in an appreciative gesture. I rather liked the touch for it was both sexy and intimate.

We chatted over our wines and I ate another third of the munchies from the bowl the waitress had left earlier. I'd reserved a table in the main dining room; however, probably due to the storm raging outside, the place was mostly empty. As our reservation time arrived, we carried our second glasses of wine into the dining room and sat where we could appreciate the melodies that a very talented piano player was creating to entertain the diners.

Dinner went by in a rush. Our conversation flowed smoothly over all sorts of topics. She even asked about my girlfriends and I learned she'd been divorced for the past ten years and had had no children. She admitted she'd been a little gun shy of forging a new serious new relationship unless it was really untraditional in some way.

We sat and talked ... and talked ... and talked. And then the maitre d' was standing beside the table, "Mr. Rogers, we are most appreciative you and your guest joined us tonight for dinner. We would like to invite you to a table we have prepared for you in our lounge as well as complementary drinks. We are closing the dining room early this evening. The storm has gotten significantly worse and I wish to send the musician and the rest of the staff home early, before the roads become blocked more than they already are."

We were more than finished. I signed the tab and we walked down the hallway towards the lounge. Crashes of thunder and lightning punctuated the night. Often the lights in the hotel dimmed and flickered. The lounge had a large window that looked over Brush Creek. The waiter that came to get our drink order explained that the Creek was usually almost dry. We could see that the small stream was a nearly full, raging torrent of water surging towards the Missouri River. Unless the rain stopped, the Creek would be over its banks in minutes.

We got some cognacs and sat next to each other on a small sofa watching the storm rage outside. The lounge lights were sufficiently dim that we could see a lot through the raindrop splattered window. A television near the bar was on the news channel that seems to be talking exclusively about the weather and road closures and flooding.

Grace had been holding my arm since we walked out of the dining room and ever since we sat down. Now she turned to me and kissed me, tenderly at first but then with significant passion. My brain went into jumble mode again and a million conflicting thoughts went through my head. One thing for certain, I kissed her back with just as much passion as she was dealing.

I picked up my Grand Marnier and took a sip then turned to kiss her again. Her eyes were nearly shut as our lips came together. I thrust my tongue into Grace's mouth and she opened to accept my offering. Then, much to her surprise and amazement, I jetted the small amount of the fiery orange liqueur I'd sipped into her mouth as I moved my tongue around.

Grace let out a long, low moan. Her eyes had flown open as I'd delivered the fluid and now they watched me, somewhat in amazement. "Oh, you are some kind of lover," she told me with a smile. "I'll give you all night to stop that." With that, she was into kissing me even more. She stopped at one point and said, "You turn me on ... big time!"

I was wondering where all this was going when there was a huge clap of thunder and a lightning bolt right outside the lounge window next to us. We both jumped about a foot into the air.

Grace got up and went to watch the bar television at that point. I carried our drinks over and joined her standing in the middle of the deserted bar. The television announcers were reporting on closed roadways and the damage done by three small tornadoes that had already touched down as the storm raged across Kansas. Grace finally groaned when one area of the City was shown as virtually closed. She pointed; "That's where I live. I can't get home tonight."

I had my arm around her in a casual, yet professional manner. She turned and kissed me hotly again. "I think I'm yours for the night, mister," Grace said setting her empty liqueur glass on the bar with a determined clink. "Show me the view from your room." She took my arm and started walking me towards the bank of elevators on the other side of the lobby.

I gulped as we started walking. "Errrrr, OK," I said slowly. This just didn't seem right. I'd already told her about Emily and actually referred to her as my girlfriend. I'd mentioned I also had someone else close in my life too, thinking of Pam. Somehow, I guess that wasn't making any difference to Grace. The other thing that kept running through my head was that if I messed this up I was going to lose this huge consulting job I just sold earlier today. One of my colleagues told me his rule was 'never sleep with the client.'

We got on one of the elevators. As soon as the doors closed, Grace plastered herself against me, held my face in her hands, and jammed her tongue down my throat. Wow! This woman was passionate and had something most definitely on her mind. I was just horny enough that my memory of my weekend with Emily and my interlude with Pam only the day before were fast fading from memory. I thought briefly that it had to do with blood rushing from my head to my cock. The latter was starting to inflate rather rapidly as Grace rubbed her lithe body against me.

A minute later I fumbled through my pockets looking for my pass card. I got the door open and let Grace in just as a massive clap of thunder echoed through the hotel again. I'd left some lights on in the room; Grace hit a wall switch that turned some of them off then turned to me and we kissed again. This time she dropped a hand to my pants and started to rub my erection through my pants.

Soon that wasn't enough for her. As we kissed and tongued each other's faces, I felt her fumble with my zipper. Then her hand was inside pulling my rising cock out in the air. She succeeded without inflicting pain and then she was slowly masturbating me. She said, "Ooooh I think you're glad to see me. You feel great. I have plans for this tonight." She dropped to her knees and inhaled my rod into her mouth, licking and sucking until I was rock hard. 

I reached over her head as she was locked on my cock and pushed the zipper on the upper part of her dress down as far as I could. I pulled the dress forward onto her arms but Grace didn't seem ready to give up holding onto my shaft and mouthing it aggressively. I finally nudged her in the direction of the bed.

Grace stood and in about five sweeping moves shed the dress, her slip, her bra, and her underwear. She stood before me nude except for her dark stockings and her spike heels. The latter adornments actually made her look considerably sexier than straight nudity. As she'd shed her clothes, so had I. We melted into each other's arms next to the bed.

We moved into a sixty-nine position. Grace's pussy lowered onto my willing mouth and I started to suck in her pussy juice and feminine nectar. My God she was delicious. As I focused on her, I was able to postpone any urgent actions at the other end of my body. Grace was practically deep throating me but my focus on her cunt enabled me to enjoy the sensations without cresting in an orgasm.

Finally, Grace said, "I need to be fucked. Come put this lovely cock in my pussy."

As we repositioned, I asked her one more time, "Are you sure?"

"Fuck me!" she ordered.

I jammed my cock deep into her with one bold stroke. I think she climaxed as I did. She moaned, her back arched and she pushed her whole body up at me. I started stroking into her as I pumped my rod in her.

"Harder, David. Harder," she said. "Oh fuck me. Oh God I need this. I just don't get enough cock in my life. Oh you have the most wonderful cock -- keep pumping it in there. Oh, fuck me -- harder."

Each time she said the word 'harder' I jammed into her so that our pelvic bones slammed into each other, almost to the point of pain. Several times I stood erect over her and slapped her clit with my hand. She was clean-shaven so there was no pubic hair to cushion my assault on her nether region. She jerked and writhed in pleasure each time I did this.

"Oh, my God. You are a divine lover. Where'd you learn to fuck like this? Oh, fuck me more ... more ... OH GOD ... MOOOOORE!!!!" Grace climaxed again. I was rigid inside her but not quite ready to explode. I could feel her vaginal muscles clench my rod and milk me into her as her spasms arrived.

I paused in our intercourse until her orgasmic wave passed and her eyes reopened and looked at me with an almost pleading glance. I started up again, hard thrusts into her; I guess I was mad -- mad at myself for letting myself get caught up in this potentially awkward situation, mad at Pam for not committing to a deeper relationship, mad at Emily for arriving late in my life when things were complicated, and just mad at the world. I jammed harder and harder into Grace. I didn't love her, I was using her. I was masturbating and she was a convenient receptacle for my semen.

Grace was approaching another orgasm and this time so was I. I roughly yanked her legs up over my shoulders so I could have full, unfettered access to her cunt as I fucked her. I hurled my body into her. 'Take that' I thought. Grace started to moan and I could feel the spasms in her cunt start again. I pounded into her, now relentless in my drive towards my own self-satisfying pleasure.

Then, suddenly I wasn't mad any more. Suddenly I really liked this woman and wanted to bring her pleasure. She wasn't just a fuck anymore but someone I cared about. As I reached the point of no return, I leaned in a kissed her again, running my tongue up and down her neck, into her ears, and then into her mouth. She met my moves with her own. 

Then I exploded into her. All my pent up feelings and emotions exploded as I shot a full load of my man juice into her open pussy. She came with me this time. We yelled, moaned, groaned, cooed, rubbed and every other move you could think of to celebrate our climaxes. Then I collapsed atop her. Grace wrapped her arms and legs around me and held me tight to her naked body. My God, she was sexy.

I rolled off of Grace and we lay side by side, touching and panting. Neither of us said a word. Outside the storm was raging. Sheets of water pelted the window of the room, refusing to be ignored. Flashes of lightning followed almost instantly by their resounding thunderclaps let us know the storm was still right on top of us. As I lay there in my satisfied state, I somehow had the feeling that I was moving into the eye of a storm.

Grace eventually recuperated enough to go down on me again. There was no warning. One minute she was lying beside me, lightly stroking my chest as we panted. The next, my semi-flaccid cock was in her mouth and she was sucking me for all she was worth. 

I looked down and we made eye contact; she looked up and pulled me out of her mouth for a second, "You up for another round? By the way, we taste good together. Nice mix."

I nodded. Her words made me harden. I let her continue her blowjob for a couple of minutes, just enjoying the feeling of arousal that she was rebuilding. Then I stopped her. I forced her back on the bed, flat on her back. I pulled her legs over my shoulders as I dropped and latched my mouth onto her sopping pussy. I'd tasted myself before, on other pussies including Pam and Emily, so this was no big deal. For Grace, however, this was tantamount to having an electric orgasm machine suddenly take over her body. 

"Oh, Davieeeeee. Are you sure? Oh, God. That's ... that's ... truly won -- der -- ful." She spasmed in a small climax. I kept going, running my tongue along her slit and darting it and a couple of fingers in and out of her open vagina.

I was pretty sure I'd found Grace's G-spot. I used my tongue on her clit and my fingers in some talented moves on what I thought was the right spot. Grace exploded again. "Oooooh fuck!" she screamed as she threw her head back on the bedding.

I didn't stop and in less than a minute she peaked again. I love multi-orgasmic women. I love the ability to deliver pleasure to them and have them so appreciative. I guess it's an ego thing.

I brought her two more orgasms then she stopped me. She was panting like a thirsty dog. "Oh God, David. Where did you learn to do THAT? You are a woman's dream! I may never let you out of my sight. Then again, I might share you with some of my friends. How would you like that? My pimping you around? I can bring you some really nice pussy."

Of course that kind of talk hardened me right up again. I slithered up Grace's body, roughly mouthing and sucking on her breasts. I bit, albeit gently, both of her nipples just shy of her pain threshold. She squeaked in delight.

I rose and thrust my cock into her body again. We both moaned. After a few strokes, I pulled her to me and rolled us until she was on top of me. "I want to watch you fuck me this time," I told her. We kissed and she rose up over me, her legs were tight against my sides still clad in her dark stockings and heels. Sexy! She bounced in a comfortable rhythm as I reached up and fondled her flouncing breasts, often leaning up and sucking on her taut mounds. 

Grace was beautiful: a mature woman but still tight in every way imaginable - tight and horny, my favorite combination. She started to rotate her hips and grind her pussy into my groin. I was getting near again. 

I reached down and massaged her clitoris. Grace fired into an orgasm almost immediately. Her muscles spasmed and she ground her cunt into my cock and balls. She fired off a spurt of girl juice that flooded my groin. She fell onto my chest and I held her tight. She was gasping for breath. I had successfully held off, but next time I knew I wouldn't be able to avoid cuming.

As she regained her strength, she pushed up from my embrace and slowly restarted to move up and down on my cock. "I love your cock. I love how it fills me -- completely. You are such a stud. I love fucking with you. Fuck me. Fuck me." I took my hand and ran it through the puddle of girl juice she'd left on my abdomen. She watched as I then brought my fingers up to my mouth and sucked on her juices. I heard her whisper, "Oh fuck, you are sexy. You are just sex personified. The sex fairy. The sex genie. Fuck me, genie." She bounced harder and harder into me, driving herself -- and me -- towards another orgasm.

When Grace started to come again I went over the top. Her muscles started to spasm in her climax. I jammed up into her down stroke and whispered to her, "Here it comes, baby." She was already there and then I was too - my jets of cum shooting up into her body. The waves of pleasure swept through my body; I kept my eyes open and just feasted on her body writhing above me and into me. 

Grace's breasts had stopped shaking as she froze into a still life of passion over me; her nipples were standing out almost an inch from her large areolas, proving the high level of sexual excitement she was feeling. She'd jetted more juice into where we were joined together; we were slippery and the lovely odor of sexual excitement and musk filled the entire room.

She lowered herself to my chest again and I cradled her head into the crook of my arm. She looked up at me, "I think I'm going to be sore tomorrow. Contrary to what you may think, I don't do this every night. In fact, I haven't ever had a night like this one." She kissed me and added, "I hope we get to do this again -- frequently."

I nodded in the affirmative. A sheet of water splattered against the window again and a lightning bolt struck very near by.

*****

Wednesday morning, I was up before Grace. I kissed her awake. "Go away," she said, "I was dreaming that I'd found the ideal fuck machine and it was bringing me orgasm after orgasm." She cracked one eye open and looked at me then added, "Oh wait, that wasn't a dream. I did find a fuck machine."

I ran a finger down her body, circling her breasts and nipples -- bringing them to an aroused state, and gently down over her stomach -- watching as her ab muscles contracted in the wake of the stimulation, and then into her shaved pubic area. I zeroed right in on her clit. "Oh fuck," Grace said. She reached and grabbed my hand. "I can't. I want to but I can't. You've got to let me rest -- to recuperate from last night. I'm a little bit sore," she pleaded with her big blue eyes. "Tonight?" she looked at me as she posed the question. I nodded and smiled at her.

I pulled her up and kissed her, then led her into the shower. We did our morning routines and I'd started to dress when Grace, came to me still in the nude; "David, I have a favor to ask. Will you go and get some dry cleaning out of my car and bring it up here. I can't go into the office wearing the same thing I had on yesterday. Guys might not notice but every female there would. I don't want to create awkwardness for either of us." She gave me the valet's claim check for her car.

I was mostly dressed, all but tie and suit jacket. I went down to the valet and explained that I needed some things from my companion's car. He was solicitous and led me to the vehicle. He let me in and I got the dry cleaning and I went back upstairs with it. No one blinked an eye.

Grace had decided her bikini underwear was too odiferous to wear. She'd washed it and hung it on a hanger in my closet. I laughed at her predicament. She had on the slip and her bra, but no stockings. Apparently the stocking had an odor all their own too. She fumbled around with the dry cleaning and picked an outfit to wear. We both finished dressing.

"Breakfast," I asked as I held her by the door. She shook her head no. "Too many breakfast meetings take place here. I'm going to slip out through the garage - unnoticed I hope. You and I have a nine o'clock meeting. Meet me at eight-fifteen in the company cafeteria and we can flow from breakfast into our meeting. You can get just about anything to eat you'd want there." I nodded agreement and she slipped out the door.
