 Chapter 03: Emily and I "Get Serious" and Complications Grow

Friday, I caught the American Airlines flight for LaGuardia but had to change plans in Chicago. Every airport was a mob scene and I wondered about my sanity as well as that of the thousands of people I saw doing what I was doing. When the flight was taxiing into the terminal at LGA I tried to call Emily but all I got was her answering service. I left a brief message that I was back in the City and I'd call her later or she could call my cell; I left the number.

I was just coming through airport security when I saw Emily scanning the arriving passengers. She saw me and lit up like a Christmas tree. "DAVID," she screamed and started to run to me. I think everyone was turning to look at me but by then she was wrapped around me and kissing me wildly. I swung her around.

"What are you doing here? You are a delight."

"Well, I figured out which flight you should be on and I have a surprise I hope you'll like," Emily said enthusiastically. She added, "I mean besides me being here. I'm so glad I found you. I was afraid you might have taken another flight. I've got to get my cell phone fixed."

Emily led me out of the building to short-term parking. She explained, "I have a car for the weekend and we're going to take a little trip. Hopefully we'll get to where we're going before the sun goes down;" she glanced up at the evening sky.

I told her, "I'm yours for the weekend. I don't have to go back to Kansas City until Tuesday morning."

We tossed my bags in the back of her rental car. I saw she had a suitcase there too. I'd already figured we were going someplace other than the City and now I was sure of it.

Emily wheeled out of the airport making smooth changes from one parkway to another and then we were headed east on the Long Island Expressway. Fortunately traffic wasn't too bad. She turned off about twenty miles later and drove through Oyster Bay and then that town was behind us and we were headed for Bayville. Emily stopped at one point and we picked up a few groceries, a jug of wine, and some Italian sub sandwiches. I'd been here once before but never gone further than Bayville.

Emily passed through some large stone gates on Center Island Road. The homes that we could see were suddenly palatial. She said to me, "Look for Harbor Drive. It'll be on the right." A few minutes later we both saw the sign at the same time. She turned in the tree-lined street and drove a short distance to the end. She then pulled into the driveway of a beautiful two-story house with a hip roof. She parked in front and announced enthusiastically, "We're here!"

"I'm impressed, but where's here?" I asked. 

"We're house sitting for the weekend. Well, actually we're mooching. This house belongs to a friend's parents and they're in Europe for a month. When I told her about you -- us, she offered us the place for the weekend -- she's off with her guy for the weekend somewhere else. I've never been here either yet I already love it. Can't you imagine living out here?" I nodded appreciating the implication that "living here" implied our being together -- for a long time in the future.

We got out of the car and Emily produced a set of keys and opened the front door to the lavish but tastefully decorated home. The interior of the house opened to a large deck at the back of the house that faced west. The sun had set but the clouds surrounding the sunset were bright and orangey with streaks of gray. We both gravitated through the house and into the backyard; we walked down to the water's edge. We kicked our shoes off and waded into the waters of Long Island Sound. I wrapped my arms around Emily and we just stood nuzzling one another in the knee deep water. My heart was beating fast again; I was in love.

As darkness overtook us we unloaded the car and learned about the rest of the house. We ended up eating our informal dinner on the back deck. I was amazed at how few insects there were. Emily sat right next to me; she said she had to have part of her touching me to be happy. I was happy with that too. Eventually, I put my arm around her and pulled her too me as the last light faded completely from the sky.

"Make love to me now," Emily said. "Out here. Here on the deck." She pulled me over to a chaise just barely large enough for the two of us, shedding her clothing along the way. I liked that idea and lost the rest of my clothes too. The two of us cuddled into one another, showering kisses on each other. Then there was a lot of tongue action and mouth action. Emily hardened me up, her sexy body dimly illuminated from a few lights deep in the house. Then I brought Emily into the game with a long cunnilingus session that she appeared to relish as she got on the step of having orgasm after orgasm.

We finally coupled, Emily mounting my prone form and skewering herself on my rigid pole until there was no further joining that we could think to do. We became as one for a few minutes. We rotated together for a long time, approaching heaven's doorway then backing away. Actually, Emily came a couple of more times as she helped me hold off. Then we mutually decided to end this round of our lovemaking and I blasted my cum into her body as she experienced her pleasure seizure over me.

Emily collapsed atop me, her generous breasts brushing her rigid nipples into my chest. The air had a chill to that fueled their erectness. I used my hands to stroke her as she rose and kissed me some more. We just couldn't get enough of each other.

Eventually we gathered our clothes and went inside, turning off the lights and locking the doors, as we migrated to the guest room Emily had chosen for us. We made love again then slipped into slumber land locked together.

*****

Emily and I made love first thing the next morning. There was a lot of staring into each other faces searching for feelings, emotions and words that made us grow ever closer to one another. 

The house had a swimming pool and we found the water temperature bracing but acceptable, so we went skinny-dipping. As we swam we often just held each other as we treaded water and held each other, usually kissing or cooing at each other. Emily's body was so easy on the eyes that I often had a hard time looking her in the face; instead in my perpetual state of horniness I confessed that she just kept turning me on and cranking me up higher and higher up the sexually aroused scale. Emily said, "Good," and massaged my semi-flaccid penis some more.

We got out, dried off and Emily resisted my advance to make love again on the outdoor chaise. "We've got things to do and places to go," she said. We dressed and drove into Bayville where we found a shore side restaurant where we could have brunch. We sat and talked ... and talked. 

"What's your philosophy about marriage?" she asked. If any other woman had asked me that question I would have run as fast as I could in the opposite direction; coming from Emily I only hoped my response to her question was adequate.

I started, "Well, I'm waiting for the right woman to come along -- if she hasn't already;" I looked deep into Emily's eyes and held her hands across the table with my own. I went on, "I want kids too but I don't want a dependent wife. I want a relationship -- a deep one -- with an equal not a subservient 'little woman.' 

"I think two people who are really in love should be committed to each other's growth and development, even in areas they're not interested in. Members of the relationship should have the flexibility to expand themselves as they see fit. I don't want someone dependent on me for all their needs; I couldn't do it and they'd tire of it in any case. A couple should be two independent, unique beings that share themselves rather than give themselves to each other. And they'll keep other friends and develop new ones together and independently."

I went on, "There are a lot of 'standard' roles people try to fit around a marriage -- husband, father, lover, wife, mother, harlot, mistress, companion, friend, cook, housekeeper, babysitter, playmate, provider, supporter, and ..." I took a deep breath, "I can't think of any more right this second. But, I think they're all rubbish and I want to start all over again with whomever I marry. I don't want us to have fixed roles. How depressing to adopt a role and then try to fill it for the next twenty or forty or sixty years."

Emily was nodding encouragingly and smiling at me, yet with a thoughtful expression on her face. Finally, she said, "You've thought so much more about this than I have. I just sort of accepted that you moved from the excitement of courtship into a marriage. I guess I never thought about what it was like once you get there."

I ventured, "I have, in part I guess because I watched my older sister marry, have kids and then divorce. She tried to fill most the roles I mentioned and then figured out that she couldn't fill them to her husband's satisfaction. Bummer! He was doing the same thing. It was a house of cards. There was no flexibility in their marriage. It was rigid. More than that it wasn't based on trust or sharing or even a lot of communication. It was based on trying to be good performers in the roles they had fixed in their minds. Her husband eventually had an affair and the house of cards tumbled down -- no flexibility, no discussion about why, no self examination, no growth from the experience, just isolation, jealousy and then divorce."

Emily leaned forward and asked, "Where do you start with something like all this? What would you do differently?"

"Well, the people in the relationship both need a strong sense of self. How can you give of yourself to another if you don't know who you are? Then I think there has to be an open dialogue about expectations -- not to lock them in but to be sure everyone is on the same page from day to day. I mentioned flexibility and communications. I can't over emphasize the equality and independent identity each must maintain. Then there's the sense of love without jealousy and the sharing of peak experiences -- or just experiences with each other. To me THAT's what marriage is all about."

I added, "Just to emphasize, marriage is NOT about fixed roles, a static changeless framework, a closed sense of smothering togetherness, avoiding change, unequal status, conditional love, jealousy or possession of each other." At that I took a deep breath and said, "WHEW! Probably more about marriage and relationships and philosophy than you wanted to know."

"Oh no," Emily said promptly, "Exactly what I wanted to know." She came around the table and kissed me. Several other patrons looked at us with smiles as she did this. I hugged her. She went back and sat down.

"What about you?" I asked. "Did any of what I said put you off? I haven't asked, but I'd sure like to think of us as a couple beyond a couple that's had a couple of fantastic and sexy weekends together."

"Oh, David," Emily said as she grasped my hands tighter in hers across the table. "Oh, yes! We're a couple. I'm your girlfriend. You're my boyfriend." She had a tear in the corner of her eyes. 

"Well," I stated, "it's probably easier to talk about all this stuff than to live it. The true test is in the doing." I paused and said, "Come, let's take a walk along the beach."

After our walk we drove around the area and looked at the stately mansions. This was a 'high net worth' area of the world. I guessed that some of the homes cost in the vicinity of $20 million to build. The more modest home we were staying in probably would be in the $4 million range. 

In mid afternoon we went back to 'house sit.' Since the entire yard was protected except from the large bay the home looked out on, we went skinny-dipping again. Eventually I sat Emily on a towel at the edge of the pool towards the shallow end and ate her pussy for a long time. She just put her arms behind her to hold herself partially erect, put her face up towards the sun with her eyes closed, and let little waves of orgasmic joy sweep through her over and over again. I think I brought her to a dozen small climaxes over the next hour. 

Not that I tired of cunnilingus nor her occasional jets of girl juice onto my face, but I finally just wanted to be 'in' her. I rose up out of the water and together we stroked my cock to some state of quasi-readiness. Emily was dripping juices from her beautiful cunt so I slipped right into her on my first try. We held each other as I stroked into her body, getting harder and harder with each stroke. 

We came together, Emily emitting another shot of her cum into where we were joined. It was an unusual cum for me in that it lasted a lot longer than usual. Instead of a wash of pleasure that was over in thirty second, my joy seemed to last for several minutes in an almost undulating sweep of orgasm that became more and more intense even though my jets of cum had long since stopped shooting from my cock into her pussy.

Emily slipped into the water with me and still joined together we floated towards the slightly deeper water. "Oh my God, you are so wonderful," she told me as she kissed me. "Each time we make love, you take me higher and higher or to a new place I never knew existed."

"Me too, Emily," I looked deep into her eyes. "You know I'm falling in love with you don't you?" I asked softly.

She nodded and said, "Me too. I love you." We kissed tenderly and held each other as we floated in our little heaven.

*****

Monday morning as the elevator door opened on my floor I realized that I hadn't seen Pam for an entire week. I hadn't even talked with her. I'd had a brief and provocative e-mail exchange with her, more the type of thing to remind us that we were each alive although as was usual with Pam it was fraught with sexual overtones.

Pam saw me and gave a little squeal of delight; "Oh good you're here. I need you down the hall right now!"

I knew that meant she wanted a quickie in the utility room off the stationery supply room. Somehow I thought I should avoid such a liaison given my new 'boyfriend-girlfriend' status with Emily. I had been thinking on and off all weekend how I would tell her about Emily or how to change our status. I was at a loss except for bluntness.

Pam set my briefcase beside my desk and started to lead me back out of my office. I balked and said, "Wait, Pam. Things have changed over the past week or two." 

She looked at me expectantly then as what I might be saying took root, her brow furrowed. "What's changed?" she asked in a tone of voice that was just shy of confrontational.

"Well, eeerrrr," I stammered, "I met someone interesting. I'm ... we're ... well ... it might be ... serious." I looked at Pam for understanding. There was understanding there all right, but not the kind I was hoping for. 

I watched the color rise in her face. She'd been holding onto my left hand and she suddenly dropped it, looking with almost disgust and the fact she had touched me.

She started, "And I'm ... I'm ... just ... something you ... you don't care about!"

"No Pam, I do care about you. I even tried to get more serious with you a few months ago but, ... well ... you ... you rebuffed me. You said you didn't want things to change from our ... our casual status."

Pam had a huge sob then said, "Well I was wrong you shit. I do care about you and now you've fucked it all up with someone else." With that she broke into tears and ran from my office towards the ladies room.

I suddenly felt like shit. I didn't know that Pam had any feelings about me other than as a 'fuck buddy.' Was I that insensitive that I'd missed the signals she was sending? I took my suitcase into my office and tossed it in a corner then opened my laptop and sat at my desk and stared at my computer screen thinking of what I could do to rectify the situation with Pam. I certainly didn't want to do anything that would jeopardize my relationship with Emily.

Then my thoughts ran to Grace and Kim in Kansas City. Somehow I'd have to figure out how to return that situation to a purely professional one without jeopardizing the great bit of sales work I'd done there a week or so before. The two women were unbelievably horny and I felt my penis stir in my pants just thinking of the erotic threesomes we'd had for two nights the week before. 

Finally, my boss came in and congratulated me face to face about selling the largest job in the company's history. A flow of other people started to arrive too, some asking to be on one of the projects. By mid-morning I had a list of great names of potential project participants and was outlining the projects and staff. I still hadn't seen Pam again since she went running off.

Finally I had an idea I thought might help Pam. I called a nearby florist and had a bouquet of flowers rushed to the office with a card that said, "Can't we be friends?" Just before lunch I saw Pam return to her desk in the open area outside my office; she was carrying the flowers. I watched as she opened the card and read it. I was looking hopefully from my office door.

Pam re-read the card then looked at me. She yelled at me, almost at the top of her voice, "NO!" and stomped off down the hall towards the ladies room again.

An hour went by and I didn't see Pam and the flowers just sat on her desk, unloved and unattended to. I didn't know what to do.

I met with my boss and outlined the projects, my fee and expense estimates, and my initial staffing plans. He made some good suggestions and I was back finishing my tweaks when I looked up and saw Emily being escorted to my office by one of the receptionists. My mouth dropped open. Behind her I saw Pam standing about thirty feet away staring daggers at the Emily.

I smiled at Emily and went to greet her with a sweet buss to her cheek. I whispered something to her that I didn't dare do anything more right at the moment. I guess she understood.

Emily said, "I know you're leaving for the airport soon. I just thought if you were here I could see where you worked. I had to walk right past your building and it was too good an opportunity to pass up. Plus, I've always known that Russ worked here too."

I showed her my office and my nice mid-town, lower floor view of the City teeming below us in mid-town Manhattan. We stood at the door to my office and I introduced her to a couple of the consultants and staff that worked in cubicle-ville just outside my office door. Senior consultants got offices, increasingly towards the corners of the building as you approached partnership. Corner offices went to partners.

Then my entire sense of well being disappeared. Pam was walking towards Emily and me with a determined step. I girded myself for what would happen next. 

Pam walked up and introduced herself aggressively to Emily, "Hi, I'm Pam." Nothing further was offered in the way of Pam.

I politely explained, "Emily, Pam. Pam, Emily. Pam is my project assistant -- a person I would have trouble living without." I'd tossed the last comment in, hoping I would calm the waters with her a little.

Pam looked at me for a second in disbelief then said to Emily, "Nice to meet you. She turned and almost ran towards the ladies room again. I think she was starting to cry again. Emily watched her depart with a neutral expression on her face.

Emily finally turned to me and asked, "What time do you have to leave?"

I jarred my thinking from the potentially embarrassing situation that had almost happened and back to what Emily was asking. "I'm here another hour then it's off to LaGuardia." 

She smiled at me, "I'll miss you -- a lot!" She squeezed my hand. We chatted some more and I told her about the job in Kansas City more than I already had. Finally, she thought she should leave and get back to her work.
