 Chapter 5: Emily and I Talk About the Future

Saturday morning everyone slept in, although I did hear the sounds of sex being perpetrated from Grace's bedroom as Emily and I lay there cooing words of love at each other. 

I was amazed at the range of emotions I'd been through during the week. I thought I'd lost my one true love, my soul mate. Then we found each other again. Now I was really motivated to talk to her, to make sure that everything that had happened and that all I thought about was communicated to her. I wanted to find out what she thought about the world too.

Eventually everyone got up and we had a sexy brunch. What made it sexy is that (a) none of us showered and so we still carried the aroma of our previous night's activities, and (b) we were all pretty close to naked in our dress. I managed to dip a different finger in each pussy. I was thus able to smell alternate fingers and compare the aromas of Grace, Kim and Emily, albeit tainted by other fluids we guys had left behind in the same orifices. Based on my research we did a sniff test and determined that we all smelled wonderful and we wanted more of the same for the rest of the weekend.

Russ volunteered to help Grace do a couple of home projects. Kim wanted to read in the afternoon. Emily and I went off to a nearby mall to shop. Ultimately our shopping trip ended when we picked up a house gift for Grace. We found a large park on the way back to Grace's house and the two of us just went and walked and talked for a couple of hours.

As we started walking I asked Emily, "Are you at all jealous of my friendship with Grace or Kim?"

"Hummmmm," she thought for a moment. "No, I'm not. Probably because I know they have no designs on your long-term future. Besides we now know each other and I trust them. I don't think they'd do anything to hurt me ... or you, for that matter. Probably, it's the sex but I have romantic feelings about them myself."

"How about Pam?" I asked.

Emily responded, "Right now that's a different story. I think we're competing for you. She'd like to lock you up and keep you away from me. Right?"

"Yea, I think you're right. You should know that I don't see a long-term relationship there unless that situation changes. We had a 'friends with benefits' thing but I don't want to pursue that anymore; things have to move one way or the other. I think it has to do with feeling 'possessed'. Things changed over the past few weeks with her. I'll be curious to see what she's like after I haven't seen her for two weeks straight. Her e-mails are all business by the way."

Emily said, "I liked Pam from the little we talked. If she had an attitude like Grace or Kim I wouldn't feel threatened."

"You shouldn't feel threatened anyway," I said.

"Oh, I know. I just found you and I want to see how we play out together without feeling I have to fight for your attention or affection."

"I feel the same way about you," I volunteered. "You are my dream come true and in so many ways I just didn't expect -- like our group sex activities. You blow me away."

"Well, I can just blow you too, but the others in the park might be offended," she said. We both laughed.

I asked, "Do you think our having a long-term relationship is doomed? I mean the past couple of weeks were a very odd start to a courtship: you caught me with Kim -- and Grace, and you've had your thing with Russ. I mean we agree to continue those but do you think that'll eventually screw up our ever getting more serious -- like getting married?"

Emily threw herself into my arms, "Oh, I love you. No. No. No. Nothing is screwed up. And if that was a proposal the answer is 'YES'." She shouted the last word. We hugged and kissed standing in the middle of the walking path.

I said, "You don't know how glad I am to hear you say that. We have so much to talk about and share, I can hardly wait. I have some tough questions that you need to think about. They'll help us understand each other and how we think."

We started to walk again. Emily squeezed me to her side; "Ask away."

I asked, "Do you get jealous?"

"Sure, sometimes. But it's not an emotion I court very often," Emily said. "Were you jealous when I told you about Russ and me?"

"No," I said. "I was actually happy for you, particularly the way you described it. You left room for there to be an 'us' and that was really all I wanted at that moment -- it's all I want now too."

"What about exclusivity?" she asked.

"Emily, I can't be all you'll ever need or want. I can't even come close. I have to admit the converse is true too -- I will need interaction with other people for all sorts of things. I don't expect exclusivity nor should you -- from anyone. The real world just doesn't work that way. As far as sex goes ... well, we could cut a deal but periodically, particularly for the next twenty or forty years of our lives, we'll run up against that arbitrary boundary. I won't hold you to it; just come home once in a while because I love you and need you." She kissed me.

I thought for a moment as we started walking around a pond again and added, "Right now I would have no problem being exclusive with you. It'd be awkward perhaps with Kim and Grace, but perhaps Russ could fill my slot. If that would make you happy -- or happier -- just say the word."

We walked in silence for a couple of hundred feet then she said, "No. Right now, with them, you don't have to change. I like them. I liked the sexual excitement we made for each other last night. Even if I wasn't here I would enjoy knowing that you were sharing in that; just bring some of it back to me." She shot me a sideways grin.

I stopped us walking and pulled her to me in a long kiss. I told her, "That tells me a lot about you. Oh, Emily I really love you. We are so in synch." We started walking again.

Emily squeezed my hand and asked, "How about commitment? How do you reconcile that with your philosophy?"

I answered, "Well, for one commitment means doing what you say you'll do. That's integrity too. When you commit to something I think you open up the door for unexpected and good things to happen." I thought a minute, "Commitment doesn't mean ownership or submission either. You can't really commit unless you're an independent person. I do commit myself to you and your happiness."

"Very good; I agree," Emily said. "I commit all that to you too. I wouldn't have thought of all that. So what about freedom and I mean in the context of a relationship? What are you free to do?"

"Oh, that's a deep one too," I said. "Freedom and responsibility go hand in hand. You can't get something for nothing. If I act responsibly towards you I get increased freedom -- meaning, I guess, that I can be independent in some way without fearing consequences around those actions. If I am irresponsible, like not calling or caring about you or being egotistical, I get consequences and those make me feel less free. The idea is to avoid an ego-to-ego clash and to create a win-win."

"You are GREAT," Emily said and punched me in the arm. "How'd you think through all this stuff? It's wonderful and I agree with everything you've said."

I told her, "Wait until you meet my parents and you'll see the source for some of this 'stuff'. Not necessarily the same philosophy, but the nudge towards critical thinking about key areas of your life. My Dad has a saying that goes something like 'if you don't have a compass you'll never know whether you're traveling in the right direction.' He'd toss me some values -- like you're doing - and ask me to think through how I felt about it and then we'd talk about it. He wouldn't try to convert me to his way of thinking but he might comment on disorganized or sloppy thinking. It used to be a game while we were driving somewhere."

"Will you play it with me?" Emily asked.

"Sure." I thought for a moment then said, "What do you think about love?"

"Oh Geez," Emily said, "You sure don't start with something easy do you. Let me think." She was silent for a couple of moments then she started slowly but seemed to gain confidence as she went along; "I believe there are different kinds of love. Of course there's romantic love that makes your heart flutter ... and makes me want to be naked and all over you and have your proboscis inside me;" she leaned in and kissed me as we strolled around a lake.

She continued, "Oh, there's family love -- parents and siblings - and the kind of love you feel for a close friend -- not romantic but deep caring and commitment. There's the love you feel for mankind -- I think it's called agape."

"But what do you THINK about it? What's it mean? Use 'romantic love' and not the others," I urged her.

Emily accepted my challenge and went on, "Well, romantic love comes in two flavors: passionate and ... uhmm, I guess 'mature'. The first one passes in a year or two otherwise our parents would still be pawing each other whenever we weren't around and we'd probably have many more siblings than we already have. Mature love is what grows in its place. To me that love is based on respect, empathy, caring, compromise, and at least some other shared values."

"Does it change over time?" I asked.

"Of course," she said. "But then I guess the myth has always been that if you get in a relationship with someone that it'll be static and unchanging. In fact, relationships do change over time. They twist and turn every which way."

"So besides respect, empathy, caring and compromise, what else holds a relationship together for fifty years?"

She looked at me as we walked and studied my expression. After thinking about that question she answered, "Communication and flexibility. If we aren't talking -- really talking -- neither of us will know how to adapt to the changes. I guess I'd say that periodically, in a good relationship, you sit down and renegotiate the deal."

"What do you mean by deal?" I asked.

"The roles each person is doing or sharing; the division of labor in the relationship; who gets to control what. What the operating principles for going forward are. Things like that," she said.

I gave her an opportunity to expand her answer but she was finished for now. I could sense the wheels of her brain still turning on the subject. I added, "Your response was great and we're in tune. I would add one more thought to the mix and that's to keep a sense of humor for those fifty years."

We walked some more and talked about what a perfect mate would be and what a perfect long-term relationship would be like. We also got on the differences about how men and women communicate and how to not have those differences be a barrier to a good marriage. I was amazed at how easily we talked about marriage when a month ago I had not even met this dream girl.

By the time we stopped and headed back to the house I think we'd walked about five or six miles. As we came in Kim was spread out on the living room sofa absorbed in her book "The New Earth" by Eckhart Tolle. She was still barely dressed, the t-shirt she wore barely covering her nether region.

"Hi. Where are Grace and Russ?" I asked.

"Backyard. She's got him up on a ladder cleaning gutters," Kim answered. "They've done nothing but work since you left - lots of little handyman jobs."

"I'll go see if I can help too," I said as I headed for the backdoor.

Two hours later Russ and I were just finishing some touch up painting on Grace's house trim. Grace hovered near us and helped by passing us brushes, paint cans, rags and such as when we were on her ladders. The back door opened and Kim said in a loud voice, "Hey everyone, it's COCK and TAIL time. Clean up and come join us. We've made dinner and hors d'oeuvres and we want your strong, muscular bodies again ... and again ... and again." We all laughed.

Grace went in to get cleaned up; Russ and I finished the last paint patches we were working on then put away the paint and cleaned the brushes. Russ and I took turns showering and cleaning up. Neither of us had brought a change of underwear with us so we went commando when we redressed.

When we were coming downstairs I heard Emily's voice call out, the wine and hors d'oeuvres are in here -- in the living room. Russ and I turned at the bottom of the stairs and entered the room. 

Wow! Three naked pussies were lined up next to each other on the sofa. Emily and Grace were on either side of Kim, holding out glasses of wine to each of us. Kim was holding a plate of crackers and cheese. Each woman was wearing a dress but the dress was pulled up to her waist revealing all. Kim had also pulled the top of her dress down so that her breasts were fully exposed. 

"Something to eat, gentlemen?" Grace said seductively.

"My favorite snack," I said as I knelt in front of Grace. I leaned in and lapped her pussy. She put the glass of wine beside hers on the adjacent lamp table. I just started to lap away, savoring her musky scent and the nectar she started to secret. 

Russ was duplicating my actions on Emily who I noticed already had her head back and her eyes closed as she enjoyed his tongue action on her clit. 

Russ and I both reached over and started to stroke Kim as we performing cunnilingus on Emily and Grace, respectively. We both inserted fingers into Kim's cunt and started to move them inside her independently from one another. Kim started to writhe under out attentions too.

Kim was the first to fire off. She started to urge us on in her own way, "Oh God, you guys are gonna make me cum so fast doing that. I can't believe I have fingers from two guys in my cunt at once. You're both great ... just don't stop ... Oooooooooh fuck. Oh, you guys are going get so lucky tonight. Ooooooooooh." Her back arched as she pushed her pussy onto our hands as we massaged and fondled her nether region.

Grace and Emily leaned in and both sucked on Kim's breasts as she came, heightening her pleasure. Kim was positively panting when she was through. "My God, you guys are great!" she exclaimed. "This is positively the greatest weekend in my entire life!" 

Emily and Grace came within a few seconds of each other. Kim was holding both their hands tightly as they braced and then let the waves of pleasure overtake them. Each woman was holding her legs up so that we could tongue them to their maximum satisfaction. It was really an erotic sight.

After their climaxes, Russ and I rose and both made a move to undress. Grace said, "Not now guys." She looked down the sofa at the other women; "That really WAS just the appetizer. Come into the kitchen and we have some real food there. We'll play afterwards. Just think about what we can do afterwards." She sighed in partial regret at needing to stop our sexual games then stood and pulled me toward the kitchen after planting a wet kiss on my lips. The other women each covered up and redressed, remaining commando too.

Emily came and French kissed with me in the kitchen. "Yummy," she told me, "I can taste Grace's juice. I wish we could bottle that and take it home." We watched as Grace French kissed Russ, thereby appreciating Emily's fluids, to the same conclusion.

We drank and ate in the kitchen so Kim and Emily, who'd prepared the dinner, could be part of the conversation while they waltzed around doing last minute things and putting things on the plate. At one point Emily came and gave me the most wonderful 'full body' kiss in my life; in one breath it was tender, loving, passionate, sexy, erotic and emotional. Boy was I in love with this woman; I told her so and she kissed me again.

Dinner went by quickly. We were all compliments to our cooks as well as kisses and lots of pawing. Grace announced that dessert was actually being served a few blocks away. We cleaned up and piled in my rental car and drove to a mall where Grace led us to a Ben & Jerry's ice cream store. The five of us got our ice creams and squeezed onto a bench made for three people. We took turns seductively licking each other's cones and shaping the dishes into lewd replicas of phalluses. One of the women would then 'go down' on the ice cream shaft. They commented on how much better these tasted than the real thing. Russ and I feigned great jealousy and pain over those remarks.

We walked dinner off around the mall and then went back to Grace's home. Emily and Kim led Russ off to the guest bedroom. As Grace and I looked in a moment later there was a trail of clothes all the way to the bed. Emily was perched over Russ' face, her eyes closed as his tongue again worked its magic on her sweet pussy. Kim was working at inflating his rod.

Grace and I left a trail of clothes on the way to her bed. We stood and kissed, rubbing our bodies together and letting our hands stroke and fondle. Grace knelt before me and inhaled my cock into her throat. The first wave of pleasure that washed through me was almost my last for the night it was so strong a sensation. I had to stop her for a moment. We both moved to the bed and she went down on me again, this time masturbating me with one hand as she sucked and licked the top three or four inches of my cock above her hand.

I reached over with one hand and returned the favor to her, thrusting several fingers into her wet cunt. "I bet you liked walking around the mall without any underwear on. Did it occur to you that Russ or I could have taken you into a changing room someplace and fucked you right there in some store? Would you have liked that?"

"Oh my God, that's such a great idea. Tomorrow we're going to go and do that. I love taking risks and ... well, to admit it I like being an exhibitionist but I've had to trim my sails around here because so many company people are around. Sometime I'll visit you guys in New York and we can really put on a show for people. I always wanted to fuck in Times Square!"

Well THAT got me hard right away -- even more than her blowjob. "You're corrupting me," I told her. "I'm just your 'boy toy' -- your sex slave -- dedicated to delivering you pleasure anytime, anyplace. Times Square it is. Of course, we'll have to fight off the prostitutes."

Grace said, "Oh, I'll be your slut -- your prostitute. You and Emily can fuck my brains out -- that's all the payment I really want. I just want your cock in my cunt."

With that I repositioned myself and drove my cock deep into her cunt. "Oooooooh fuck, that feels so great. Fuck me. Fuck me fast. Make me cum. Make me one of your sluts. I want to lay in the middle of Times Square and have you pump your big fat cock into my cunt and make me cum."

I pounded into Grace almost at a gallop -- powerful stroke after powerful stroke. She raised her body to meet each one of my thrusts, emitting a shriek of joy and pleasure in synch with my thrusts. She came and I continued to pummel her cunt with my long cock, our bodies slapping together. She came again ... and a few moments later again ... and then yet again. Our bodies were soaked in sweat and soaked in the girl juice that Grace was emitting into our union on nearly every one of her orgasms.

Grace held her breasts for me, leaning down and sucking on one of her own nipples -- making it erect, pulling on her nips, squeezing her breasts together in a sexy move, trying to do all she could to deliver visual stimulation to me as I fucked her -- as I jammed my hard cock deep in her pussy.

Finally I could feel the cum starting to boil in my balls. The first wave of pleasure hit my brain from deep within my body and then my liquid surged through my ducts on its way deep into Grace's vagina. I set jet after jet of my cum into her as I arched above her, suspended in time, suspended in space, as the flood of pleasure washed through me -- through us. Again, Grace came, using her legs to pull me deep into her body.

We rolled to our sides, panting and smoothing one another. Grace looked endearingly at me as she stroked my face. I was lightly stroking one of her breasts. "You please me so much," she told me, "I really like it when you're here. I know Emily has your heart but I want a piece of it too -- not too much, just a piece."
