 A Good Neighbor, Ch. 3

Jan's story

I always look forward to Susan's luncheons mainly because she does have a wild streak and will do and say outrageous things. Her man servant gig was priceless and she had everyone in a tizzy. When I walked out the side door to the driveway with Barb and Carole they were going on and on trying to decide if what Susan said was true. Does her man Godfrey really do all those things or not? I reminded them that "My Man Godfrey" was a movie with William Powell and Carol Lombard so it probably is just a gag. 

"Still," said Carole, "he is cute and he can shave my pussy any time."

"Mine too," replied Barb, "and then fuck my brains out."

"Oh yes," I nodded, "and wouldn't it feel heavenly to bring him off on your pussy and rub his cum all over with his dick? Rather than paint by number it's paint by member."

We all looked at each other and just burst out laughing.

"With that image I'm going home to my fingers and toy. Bye girls," said Carole.

"I wonder where Susan found this guy." Barb said with a longing in her voice. "Certainly not in the phone book and I can't believe she would really be lucky enough to have him as a neighbor. Oh well who knows; I'll see you next time."

When I reached my car I could not find my glasses and after turning my purse inside out I concluded I had left them somewhere and most likely they are in Susan's house. I entered the house through the kitchen door and I was about to call out when I heard some moaning and words I couldn't quite make out coming from the dining room. I quietly walked toward the room and when I peeked around the entrance, there was Susan naked, lying on the table, legs spread, and Godfrey eating her pussy. I heard myself gasp and I quickly ducked back in case they heard me. Fortunately they had not so I looked into the room again and I was mesmerized at watching my friend enjoying a good oral fucking. It has been a long time for me and from what I was seeing; I've never had it that good. I did notice that Susan was true to her earlier claim, her pussy was indeed bald. I watched Godfrey move his mouth up and down her pussy lips and when he reached up and held her nipples I instinctively put my hand on my breast. I could feel my pussy getting wet and I slid my hand to reach down and rub my clit like Godfrey was licking Susan's. The hell with this I thought to myself, let's just see if Susan is the sole owner of his services. I quietly backed to the kitchen door then purposely walked in as if nothing was going on.

"Susan I forgot; holy crap. Did I pick a bad time to walk in?"

"No Jan, in fact you can take my place after he brings me off."

Well she called my bluff and it was all I could do to suppress my smile.

"If you are serious, I would love to take your place."

"Of course I'm serious. Larry how would you like to have Jan?"

"Hi, I'm Larry, not Godfrey, and it would by pleasure to pleasure you."

"Ha, I thought you used the 'My Man Godfrey' movie idea."

"Actually, Larry lives two doors down."

If Barb only knew, I thought.

"Make yourself comfortable Jan while I bring Susan off."

I watched Larry slowly move around Susan's pussy with his tongue. He licked her thighs and her lips and just lightly brushed his tongue across her clit. As I watched his tongue on her pussy I could feel my own getting wet and eager for his touch. I watched Susan cup her breast with her hands and pinch her hard nipples. Larry moved his tongue between Susan's lips and would go from her love hole up her slit and then lightly circle her clit and then back down. Susan's breathing was getting faster and so was mine. I hiked up my skirt and put my fingers down my panties. I have jacked off many times either solo or with a boyfriend but never like this. Yet I did not feel strange or embarrassed about it in any way. I stood there watching Larry lick Susan's clit while I was rubbing mine. Susan was breathing harder and she was near the edge. Larry inserted a finger into her cunt and when he started rubbing her G spot she shook as her orgasm came like a crashing wave. Her orgasm brought me off too. However, Larry didn't stop. He continued licking her clit and fingering her cunt until she had another orgasm. 

Larry looked at me and with a smile wet from Susan's cum asked, "What would you like Jan?"

"If you can do that again, I would love it."

"Gladly, but here let me help you with your clothes."

He stood up and marveled at the sight of his naked body. I knew he was tall but my focus went elsewhere. Looking at his dick made my mouth water and my pussy tingle. The way he slowly undressed me was so sensual and erotic. He slid his hands up and down my legs and my whole body was on fire. He removed my panties and gave my swollen clit a gentle kiss. I was so ready for him to bring me off.

His technique was much like what I saw just a few minutes earlier and while watching him eat Susan's pussy was exciting and erotic, feeling it done to me was breath taking. He slowly licked all around my pussy and used his fingers to rub my thighs and crotch. He moved his tongue close to my clit and then away. The tension in my body was building and I hungered to have his tongue rub my clit. Even when I tried to move my hips to bring my clit to his mouth he would counter. Finally when he moved his tongue across my clit I gasped and heard my voice saying "yes, oh yes."

When he gave my clit the full attention with his tongue I was breathing hard and near the edge. He inserted his finger into my cunt, touched my G spot and my orgasm rolled through me. My body was trembling and it felt like I was on one big continuous wave. True to form, he didn't stop and neither did my orgasms. Finally, I literally couldn't handle any more and pulled his head away from my pussy. 

"That was incredible but I need to catch my breath."

I heard Susan say, "What do you think about my good neighbor?"

"I should be so lucky."

"Would you like to feel his cock in your cunt?" asked Susan.

"Yes, yes, and definitely yes. Fill my cunt with your cock and cum please Larry!"

Susan knelt in front of Larry and I watched her get Larry's dick hard. She licked his shaft and took most of his growing dick into her mouth. Within moments it was pointing straight out and she licked all around the head of it. Seeing it hard made my pussy tingle.

"I just love sucking him off and you will love the way his cock feels in your cunt."

Larry took advantage of my very wet pussy by teasing me with his dick. He started by rubbing it up and down my slit. He would touch my cunt with it and then move it up through the lips and rub my clit. I think I would have cum again when he was rocking his dick on my clit like he was fucking it but he finally moved down and slowly inserted his cock into my cunt. Every inch was a glorious sensation. I spread my legs wide and he filled me to the hilt. It felt so wonderful that I wrapped my legs around his hips and just held him there. I tightened my muscles to savor his fullness in my cunt. My toy is good but not even close to how this felt.

After I released him, he began to fuck me slowly. He would go to the edge and then push all the way in. With one hand I was fondling my breast and with the other hand I reached down so I could feel him slide between my fingers and across my lips. As he began to thrust a bit faster my breathing increased and I was matching his movements with my own. I could feel my orgasm building when suddenly I heard a buzzing sound and I felt Susan put her vibrator at the top of my pussy. She moved it down to where it was touching Larry's dick and my cunt. Suddenly my orgasm hit me like a shock wave. What an intense sensation and one I had never experienced before. When I caught my breath, Larry had me stand up and lean on the table so he could take me from behind. Any position that has a dick in my cunt is good but from behind is my favorite.

Feeling his hard dick once again filling my cunt was incredible. I could feel my muscles pulling his cock in and holding him and then release as he pulled out. I looked down my body to watch him move in and out and I reached down to feel his balls in my hand. Holding them and feeling him move In and out made me even wetter if that is possible. I was so turned on that I moved my hand up to rub my clit and he started pumping his dick even harder and faster. It didn't take long until another orgasm was rolling through my body. I was shaking so hard I found it difficult to stand. I could tell from Larry's breathing he was getting near to an orgasm so I reached back once more to hold his balls. That was all it took and I could feel him empty his sweet load into my cunt. 

When he recovered I knelt down and took his wet dick into my mouth to enjoy the taste of our cum and lick him clean. I used my fingers to stoke his dick to coax the last drops of cum into my mouth. When his love machine was limp I stood up and said, "Wow that was fucking fantastic!!"

''I knew you would like it Jan just as I do. He is one great neighbor."

"Some people have all the luck. While I'm here let me help you two clean up."

What a scene, three naked people moving around the dining room and kitchen with dishes and such.

I spotted the cake dish and couldn't resist the desire to lick some icing off the dish. While doing so I saw Susan motion to Larry to look in my direction and the grins they exchanged made me think there was something going on here. I looked at them and they were both grinning from ear to ear and I said, "What?"

I looked at the icing on my finger and then it hit me. "Is Larry's cum the 'special' ingredient in the icing?"

They both laughed and Susan shook her head yes.

"Could I borrow Larry when I have a party and add his special ingredient to my creamy dressing or maybe a veggie dip?"

"We will be happy to come, so to speak, to help you and yes, you can add his special ingredient. All you have to do is bring him off and aim his cum into the bowl."

"I would love to do that and I'll let you know when so you can make sure he is rested and ready."

On my drive home I started thinking of having a luncheon party very soon.