 “Okay guys. It’s time to finish what you’re doing and start tidying up.” I called to the six young guys in my decorating class. “Conner, I’m going to the staff room to get changed, so you’re in charge. No messing around, you lot! I need to be out of here in 30 minutes.”

I’m a part-time leader for a Community Programme. The kids (usually 18 to 20 year olds) come to us for six months at a time to learn basic skills like joinery, brick laying, mechanics, or, in my case decorating. This, current group were good fun and keen learners. Their term would end on Friday, and I was staying late with them to help finish their project.

In the empty staff room I lit a cigarette as I took my bag from a locker. I was looking forward to tonight. I was leaving the programme, myself on Friday, to take up a position with company on the other side of town, so a few of us were going out for a few drinks to celebrate. Because I’d stayed late I was going to have to get washed and dressed on site, and get a taxi into town. 

I threw my sweatshirt, boots and combat pants into my locker and turned the hot tap on. As I unhooked my bra, I turned to look at the door. “Gosh!” I thought, “What if one of them was to barge in and catch me looking like this.” Giggling, at such a naughty thought, I made sure that the door was firmly closed. Then after slipping my knickers off I quickly washed my private parts. Taking extra care with my freshly shaved pussy. My boss Sean was going to be there tonight and I hoped that ‘one thing might, lead to another’ and we could finally get the chance to have a quick fuck, before he had to go back to his wife.

It felt good walking, naked, around the room, knowing that at any moment one of my teenage charges could walk in and catch me. I took three pairs of pants out the bag and compared them. As I was beginning to feel horny I chose the smallest, slinkiest black g-string. It was so small that it hardly covered my ‘Brazilian’ stripe. Still smiling I decided not to wear a bra. I wanted Sean to get the message loud and clear! Without a bra my (34d) tits would look even bigger and wobblier than usual in my tight velvet/lycra dress. Fifteen minutes later, hair and make-up immaculate, I walked back into the workroom.

“Fucking Hell, Miss” Kyle whistled, “You look fucking gorgeous!”

“Mind your language, in front of a lady!” I reminded him. 

“She doesn’t look like a fucking lady to me!” Jon Jon laughed, “More like a Porn Star!”

“Maybe she is.” Someone shouted, “Miss are you a Porn Star? ‘Cos if you are I’d like a blow-job!” I turned to see Gavin simulating masturbation with the shaft of a hammer. 

“Alright. Calm down everybody. You’d think that you’d never seen a woman before, and Gavin, if that’s all that you’ve got, you’re no use to me.” I joked, and all of his friends burst out laughing.

“But, Miss. We’ve never seen you like this before………….your tits……..They’re fucking enormous!” he stammered. At work I always wore heavy loose fitting work clothes that disguised my ‘Rubenesque’ figure.

“Yeah Miss, show us your tits,” Jon Jon shouted, from the back. “Come on Miss,” Kyle pleaded, “You promised us a special treat if we did well.”

By now, all six boys were standing very close to me, leering at my sexy outfit. Embarrassed at their attention and foul language, I told them, “I meant that I would buy you some beer on Friday, after the presentation.”

“I’d rather see your tits!” Neil told me as he slid a hand over my left breast, and gently squeezed it.

“Me too, me too!” two or three shouted together. They were getting braver by the minute, and Gavin slipped one of my dress straps off my shoulder.

“What the Hell!” I thought, “I show them on the beach, so what harm will it cause? I’m leaving in two days, anyway.”

“Okay, okay! Stand back,” I told them, “If you promise to keep it a secret, you can have a quick look!” Stunned they all silently took a step backwards. As I took hold of the straps, I made them promise a second time to keep it a secret.

With all seven of us grinning like Cheshire cats, I slowly dropped the top of my dress exposing my swollen breasts to their teenage eyes.

“Fucking Hell! They’re fucking huge!” Kyle gasped as he held out a hand to touch them.

“No! No touching! I only said that you could look at them!” I shouted, as I gloried in the power that I held over them.

“I don’t think so!” Jon Jon shouted in my ear from behind me, as he grabbed two large handfuls of tit, taking me by surprise.

“Shit! JJ! Stop that!” I shouted, as my nipples doubled in size before their very eyes. “Haha, look at them. They’re sticking out like coat pegs!” he laughed as he juggled my breasts to his friends’ delight. As he had my arms trapped by my side the others became brave again and surrounded me like a pack of wild dogs.

As they mauled my breasts, poking, stroking and tickling the soft flesh, JJ whispered in my ear, “You like this, don’t you Miss?” 

Biting my lip, to suppress my pleasure I answered, “No, no. You’ve got to stop. That’s enough. Stop it now.”

“You don’t really mean that, do you?” he continued, as he pulled on my extended nipples, making me whimper. 

A hand was now up the back of my dress and was fondling my arse. “Fuck me! She’s not even wearing any knickers!” Conner called out, as he grabbed a handful of my large arse.

“I am, I am!” I shouted.

“I want to see!” JJ told Conner, as he pulled me further back onto the desk, “lift her dress up. Let’s see if the dirty cow is wearing any knickers!”

With two or three boys still playing with my tits, the others moved back. With a sharp tug Conner pulled my dress up until it was wrapped around my waist, exposing my tiny g-string which was so far up my pussy my labia were hanging either side of the gusset.

“Look, her cunt’s eating her knickers!” Someone laughed. “She’s bald! She’s fucking bald! She shaves her fanny!” A boy screamed with delight. “She must be a Porn Star! Look at her piss flaps, they’re hanging down to her knees!” Another shouted.

All of the dirty talk and the attention that they were giving my tits had me squirming with passion. I always get turned on when my lovers talk dirty to me, so I knew that my pussy must have been soaking right now.

As Neil and Conner knelt between my legs, JJ, realising that I was now enjoying their attention, let my arms go free.

I shuffled back along the desk, until I rested against the wall. Comfortable, now, I spread my legs as far as they would go. Neil and Conner were open-mouthed as my g-string sunk even deeper into my soaking hole. “Does that look nice?” I asked them. “Nice! It’s fucking fantastic, Miss.” Neil gasped. 

“Have you never seen a shaved pussy before?” I asked him.

Neil shook his head, “Only in dirty books.” “Conner?” I asked his friend, who was staring at my shaven haven. “No, Miss.” He replied with a cocky smile on his lips. 

“Anybody else?” I asked the room. With radiant smiles on their faces Neil and Paul shook their heads, the others nodded and laughed. “This should be fun then!” I giggled.

Closing my legs, I told them, “Okay Neil, take my knickers off.” In a second my g-string was hanging off my ankle and my bald, gaping, cunt was opened for a closer inspection. 

Like a pair of amateur gynochologists they stroked and probed my labia and bald pubic area.

Paul and Gavin were suckling on my aching nipples when I panted, “Put your fingers in…gently…put your fingers in.”

“Who Miss? Me or Neil?” Conner asked.

“Both of you!” I gasped, throwing my head back in frustration. Giggling, they did as they were told both sliding a bony finger into my hot cunt. “Oooohh!” I gasped, “Another one…More…ooh, yes.” I kept panting as extra digits entered me, stretching my cunt walls.

“I think that she really is a Porno actress!” I heard someone say.

I’m not a Porno actress, but I really, really like sex. I’m 42 now, and have been married twice. Both ended in divorce because I was having an affair. I’d never done anything like this before. I’d had two men at once, three times. The first couple of times were at College, and the third was with two of my first husbands’ brothers! I’d wanted to try it again, but the opportunity had never arisen. Now here I was with six horny teenagers. 

“Do you think that she’ll let one of us fuck her?” I heard Kyle ask JJ, who shrugged his shoulders, and looked at me. I nodded my head.

“Has anyone got any rubbers?” I huskily asked, as four or five of their fingers were now probing the inner reaches of my womb.

The boys looked at each other blankly. “Oh shit!” I moaned, “Just don’t come inside me then!”

“Who do you want Miss?” JJ, the eldest asked.

“I don’t care. Just somebody get their cock out and fuck me!” I shouted.

JJ unzipped his work jeans and pulled the two boys that were fingering me out of his way. Paul and Gavin stopped sucking my tits, to watch their friend fuck Miss Hutley.

Losing confidence, JJ suddenly asked, “Are you sure Miss?” 

“Just put your fucking knob in and fuck me!” I shouted.

He couldn’t miss, as my legs were wide apart and the boys had done a good job lubing me up with their fingers. 

“Yes!” he squealed as his young cock sank into my hot pussy, “Oh! Yes that feels good!” I groaned. Gently and tentatively he rocked backwards and forwards, gently fucking me. 

“Does that feel good?” I asked him, as he stroked my tiny triangle of pubic hair, while he desperately tried to stop himself from cumming. “Yes Miss, I can’t believe that you’re letting me fuck you”. With that, the look on his face changed. “Bollocks! I’m cumming! I’m cumming!” he groaned. “Take it out! Take it out!” I shouted.

As his cock appeared the first jet of hot spunk shot out like a cannonball, splashing onto my tits. “I’m sorry Miss. I didn’t know what to do!” he apologised, as more of his spunk dripped onto my soft belly. 

“Don’t worry,” I told him as I rubbed his sticky cream into my flesh, “I like it when men cum on my tits! It really turns me on.”

“Who wants to go next?” I asked, winking at Conner, who was the tallest of the group, but also one of the youngest. He looked at the others and couldn’t believe his luck. I don’t think that they realised that I wanted to fuck all six of them!

Standing in front of me, Conner smugly dropped his jeans and pants to the floor. The confident look on his face told me that he knew exactly what he had in his pants. I wasn’t disappointed. He was enormous, 7 or 8 inches and thick with it.

I licked my lips, “That looks nice. Have you ever fucked a girl before” I asked him as he approached my willing cunt.

“No Miss. A few girls have wanked it, and Lydia Ward has sucked it a couple of times, but she won’t let me fuck her.” He told me as he rubbed the purple tip along my crack.

“She doesn’t know what she’s missing. Does she?” I laughed as the first couple of fat inches slid into my hole. “Ooh, yes, that is a big one!” I groaned as he filled my cavity. Not wanting to be left out, Paul and Neil roughly played with my tits.

Conner had obviously done his homework, as he grabbed my hips and pulled me even further onto his magnificent tool. “Oh Yessssssss. That’s good, that’s very good” I told him as he increased the speed of his thrusts, and fucked me like a man twice his age. I knew that he couldn’t last long, so I ‘went for it’ with him, bucking my hips to meet each of his energetic thrusts. “Miss, Miss, Stop it, stop it, I’m cumming.” With that he pushed me back, making the boys that were playing with my tits jump with shock, and withdrew his long pink spear, his spunk immediately erupting onto my belly and dress.

“Come here,” I panted. He stepped forward and I mashed his sticky cock between my floppy tits, until the last pearls oozed out onto my left nipple. As with JJ I theatrically rubbed his juices into my tits.

By now all of the boys had took their jeans off and had their cocks jutting out like flagpoles. 

“This desk is too uncomfortable,” I told them, “let me stand up for a minute.” As I stood in front of them I felt like en exhibit in a zoo, as they studied every inch of my body.

As I checked out their throbbing cocks, Neil’s looked the most interesting, long and slim, perhaps 6 inches but with a bulbous knob hiding under a floppy foreskin. I took it in my hand and playfully tugged it pulling his hood back, exposing a knob that looked like a blood-orange. “Would you like me to suck your cock?” I asked mischievously. He nodded his head vigorously. “Sit on the desk, then.” I told him. He plonked himself on the edge of the desk, making his cock stick out like an iron rod.

I licked my lips, bent forward and filled my mouth with his huge knob. “Aaaaaarrgghooooohhhh!” he groaned as I licked the tip with my tongue. All he could do was gurgle like a baby as I sucked and stroked his cock. Hands were stroking my legs and arse as others were playing with my tits that were swinging like two large udders. A hand kept sliding between my legs stroking and probing my bald cunt, making me shake with excitement when a finger or two would go inside. 

“Go on then.” I heard someone say, “She’s not going to mind is she?” he laughed, as the fingers in my cunt were twisting and turning, driving me crazy.

The fingers were pulled out and quickly replaced by a lovely cock. Still rubbing his shaft, I had to take Neil’s cock out of my mouth, “Oh that’s good. Oh my God, that’s good. Hold my hips. Oh yes!” 

I turned to see Gavin grinning as he slammed into me from behind.

“Do you want me to make you cum?” I asked Neil. He nodded so much I thought that his head might fall off.

Gavin’s fucking felt so damn good, I proceeded to try and suck Neil’s balls out of his piss hole. Gavin seemed to be trying to bang his balls into me at the other end. Paul crawled onto the desk next to Neil and waved his cock in my direction, I took it in my hand and wanked at the same time, careful not to make him cum too soon.

“I’m cumming, Miss. I’m cumming!” Neil gasped, but I didn’t want to stop, as I wanted to taste his man-juice. “Miss, Miss, Miss, ooooooohhhhh!” he groaned as his hot spunk splattered into my mouth. “What the fuck?” I spluttered, with a mouthful of teenage spunk, as Gavin whipped his cock out of my dripping pussy and sent his jism all over my back and arse. Quickly recovering my composure, spunk dripping from my mouth, I leaned across Neil and began sucking Paul’s cock. He was just big enough for me to get it all into my sticky mouth. Paul held onto my head as I bobbed up and down on his little cock. With my arse waving about in the air, someone took advantage and popped his cock into me. I’d had so much fucking I could hardly feel him, but he seemed very enthusiastic as he hammered away for a couple of minutes.

“Swallow it! Swallow it!” Paul grunted as he fucked my mouth, I couldn’t pull away if I’d wanted to as he gripped my head, “That’s it, that’s it!” he grunted, as what seemed like gallons, of lovely hot spunk shot down my throat. “Yes, yes, yes” Kyle shouted at the other end as he withdrew and shot his load onto my arse and legs.

I was shaking with excitement and exhaustion as I dropped to my hands and knees covered in the spunk of six sexy teenagers. Paul and JJ moved me onto my back and one after another all six boys pushed their cocks into my mouth or pussy one after another in a wild 30-minute orgy of fucking and sucking.

I lifted my head to see Conner standing in front of me, sporting yet another massive hard on. “No, no, no. I’ve had enough.” I smiled.

“You might have, but I haven’t! Suck me off and we’ll call it a night, for tonight!” He told me as he slapped my face with his enormous weapon. I knelt before this handsome young man, absolutely shattered, but I couldn’t resist sucking his cock. As I slurped on his enormous cock and balls, one last time, I realised that the other boys were surrounding me, and were all jerking off in front of my face. 

“Oh yes, Miss. That’s good. Faster, suck me faster!” he shouted at me. “Come on, faster.” Conner pushed my hand off his shaft and took over himself. Holding my head in place with one hand he furiously wanked his cock into my mouth with the other, as I tried to suck as hard as I could. "“That’s it! That’s it Miss, ooooohhh, thatttss itt!” He grunted, as yet more sticky teenage spunk flooded my mouth and throat. As I swallowed the last dregs of his juice, the first of a volley of five other teenage orgasms splashed onto my forehead, running down my cheeks until it dripped onto my tits. One after the other the others all shot their loads onto my face, I just closed my eyes and opened my mouth. It was fantastic as their spunk splashed against my skin and ran into my mouth and up my nose.

Laughing, maniacally, I flopped onto my hands and knees, their spunk dripping off my tits and chin. I looked at my watch; it was 8.30. I’d been fucking and sucking these boys for nearly two hours. “Shit,” I thought, “I’m going to be late for my party! Thank God I brought two dresses.”



       Liz