 The worst thing about being away from home on her own for work, Dee decided, was being away from home, alone and staying in a hotel that was being used for a private function where everyone else seemed to know each other and were obviously enjoying themselves. She sipped her drink and cast a look around the bar.

As she scanned the room, she noticed two men near the bar who were deep in conversation. Every now and then they would look in her direction. Dee pretended not to notice but she felt a thrill run through her each time she felt their eyes upon her.

Their looks became more frequent, more lingering. Every now and then Dee would allow her eye to be caught, and she would give her admirers a quick smile. Having made that initial 'contact', their stares became more blatant; they were now clearly and very obviously eyeing her up. Their scrutiny became a statement of intent and Dee felt herself responding; the intensity of their stares fuelled a longing inside her and she knew she wanted both of them. A shiver of anticipation ran through her as she held their gaze.

The silent flirting continued as Dee slowly sipped her wine. By the time she placed her empty glass on the table, she knew she could have either one of them. What she really wanted though was to have them both, together, taking her roughly, using her for their pleasure. The thought of being satisfied by both of them at once made her imagination race. Dee felt a warm flush spread across her cheeks and she realised, almost incidentally, that the anticipation had already made her pussy very wet.

Fixing them with her gaze, Dee slowly stood up and, very deliberately, walked towards them. They were following her with a look of hunger in their eyes that was so obvious Dee felt electric bolts of anticipation surge through her. She smiled coyly then without a word to either of them, she began walking towards the door that led from the bar towards the bedrooms. She stopped at the threshold and winked suggestively at them. They both smiled then made to follow her.

As she walked along the corridor towards her room, Dee felt the anticipation increase with every step. Her mind filled with images of the things she hoped the men would soon be doing to her. Her pussy was uncomfortably wet as she fumbled the key-card in the lock of her door.

She had barely made it into her room when the first of the pair grabbed Dee and pinned her to him. She was kissed roughly on the mouth, his tongue forcing its way into hers. As she responded she felt the fire spread through her as she pressed herself against his firm body. Her hands sought out the bulge in the front of his trousers and she was pleased to discover he was already hard and that what he was going to give her felt reassuringly large.

A second pair of hands reached round from behind her. Dee felt his lips against her neck as his hands began stroking her through the flimsy material of her dress. Her nipples stiffened as his fingers brushed over him. Pushing her hips back, Dee ground her bum against his crotch and was again rewarded with the feeling of a hard cock that was clearly straining to be released

Revelling in the sensations as two pairs of hands explored her body while two pairs of lips kissed her, Dee wondered if she could possibly be more aroused it. "Mmmmmm, that feels so good," she breathed as the man behind her gently nibbled on her neck.

Hands began to unbutton Dee's blouse. As she let it be removed, she felt her bra being pushed down, revealing her firm, tanned breasts. "Yessssss!" she gasped as she felt a pair of lips fasten on one nipple. The man sucked it roughly into her mouth and flicked it with his tongue before moving to do the same with the other.

As one of the men feasted on her breasts, Dee sensed rather than felt her skirt being removed. Her knickers were uncomfortably wet, and it was almost with a sense of relief that she felt them being dragged down over her hips to fall to her ankles.

Fingers brushed against Dee's moist lower lips. She wriggled and squirmed, spreading her feet slightly. She felt a finger slide inside her pussy. "Oh fuck! Shit! Fuck! Fuck! Ohhhhh, mmmmmm!" Dee cried as, from nowhere her body responded to the attentions of her two unknown lovers. Spasms gripped her pussy, contracting her womb. Her heart pounded as she came hard.

Shaking, her hand went to the zip of the first man's trousers. She quickly found the object of her search and, as she released it from its confinement, she dropped to her knees. Her pussy was still being vigorously finger-fucked as she wrapped her lips around the large, meaty cock that stood erect before her and drew it into her mouth. She eagerly took as much of it into her mouth and began to suck, her lips sliding effortlessly up and down its length.

Powerful tremors still shook Dee's body as she sucked hungrily on the cock in her mouth, applying herself diligently to the task. As she sucked, the man gripped her head and began to thrust, slowly but firmly, driving the head of his cock deep into the back of Dee's throat, making her eyes water.

Dee was so engrossed in enjoying having her mouth fucked that it was a few moments before she realised that the other man was no longer fucking her pussy with his fingers. She looked round and saw him now standing beside his friend, sporting a cock that looked every bit as satisfying as the one that she currently had in her mouth. Almost reluctantly, Dee disengaged her mouth from the first then turned to devour this second cock that was now being offered to her.

"She's one hell of a cock-sucker, isn't she?" she heard one of the men ask as sucked hungrily on the cock in her mouth.

"Oh f... fuck yeah! Sh... she most definitely is!" the other replied. By his strained tones, Dee identified the voice as belonging to the owner of the cock she was currently enjoying.

"Bet she fucks as good as she sucks," The first said.

"I... I'm sure she does..." the other replied.

Feeling increasingly aroused by the compliments they were paying her, Dee began alternating her attention between the two satisfyingly large cocks that were being enthusiastically offered to her. Sucking one then licking the other, moving back and forth, enjoying their moans of pleasure almost as much as the feeling of their cocks between her lips. As she feasted Dee was surprised by the fact that she could feel her pussy getting wetter as anticipation of what would come next continued to mount.

Dee came to a decision. She turned her attention back to the first of the two cocks and began to suck on it in earnest. As her lips travelled up and down the object of her desire she felt a pair of hands slide up her thighs. She sensed, rather than felt the second man take position behind her. Her anticipation climbed still higher, adding to the sensations she was felt as she continued to suck and lick at the cock before her.

With her lips wrapped tightly around the cock in her mouth, Dee braced herself for what was about to come. The seconds ticked by with almost agonising slowness as she waited, a desperate longing to taken hard growing in her with every heartbeat, every breath, every twitch and throb of the cock she was sucking on.

Suddenly she felt the second man's cock push against the lips of her soaking pussy. The cock slid into her without resistance and she found herself filled at both ends.

"Oh fuck, her pussy is good," he moaned as he pressed into her, quickly finding his rhythm, "Just wait until you've got your cock in here"

He increased his pace and soon Dee could feel his cock slamming into her with all its force. Each thrust of his cock forced her to take the one in her mouth even more deeply into her throat. Savouring the sensations, Dee moved her hips to match his rhythm in such a way as to maximise the sensations at both ends of her body. Back, and her pussy was filled to the brim, stretching to accommodate the cock that was deep inside her. Forward, and the first cock filled her mouth once more

Both men continued to fuck her. Dee could feel her pussy trembling around the thick cock that filled it. She reached back to stroke her clit and it throbbed beneath her fingers.

Once again, she felt her orgasm explode within her. Dee's pussy gripped the cock inside it tightly; she sucked even harder on the cock that was filling her mouth. She wanted to cry out, to give voice to her pleasure but she couldn't force any sound out from around the thick cock between her lips.

With some unspoken agreement both men decided to change places. Dee let herself be lifted from the floor, on to her bed as the first man, who had until moments ago been fucking her face lay down next to her. "Climb on top of me," he commanded. Still trembling from the intensity of her climax, Dee slowly lowered herself onto his lap. Then using one hand to hold his erect member in position, she deftly guided it into her. The feeling of his cock filling her sent her over the edge again.

"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" her lover asked as she impaled herself on his cock.

"Oh fuck yes!!" Dee moaned, "I'm loving every fucking second!"

He raised his hands to her breasts, squeezing them and teasing her nipples as Dee began to move up and down, clenching the walls of her pussy around him.

As he fucked her from below, he began to suck on her nipples again. The feeling of his lips and tongue against them sent feelings like electric shocks coursing through her body.

The second guy presented his cock and Dee greedily began to suck on it. The taste of her juices coating his thick cock combined with the sensations in her clit and her pussy sent her over the edge and she came again with a giant shudder. So intense were her feelings that she would have screamed were it not, once again for the fat, juicy cock between her lips.

Dee allowed herself to come down and slowly found her rhythm again. She was being lifted and lowered onto the cock below her with such force that her pussy was beginning to feel raw.

Dee's pussy and mouth were allowed a brief moment of respite as she found herself being positioned on all fours. The men changed position again. The cock which, moments before, she had been impaling herself on was now being thrust between her lips. Dee savoured the taste of her juices on its length as it was forced roughly into her mouth. She felt strong hands gripping her hips, the head of the other cock pressing against her enflamed lower lips. Dee pushed her hips back to receive it, taking it deep inside her. With both her pussy and mouth stuffed full once more, she gave herself over to them, surrendering herself to their wants.

As one cock hammered her increasingly tender pussy, Dee sucked and licked the cock that was in front of her with increasing abandon. Every deep thrust of the cock in her pussy forced more of the other thick cock into her mouth.

The pounding of her pussy continued; her jaw was beginning to ache. Dee didn't mind; every nerve in her body was on fire as she endured the merciless assault of the two cocks.

Suddenly the man pulled out and for a moment she felt a great sense of emptiness inside her where his cock had been. Moments later she felt the head of his cock being pressed firmly against her other entrance. Dee let the other cock slip from her mouth. "Ohhhhhh, aaaaahhhhhh, mmmmmm..." she moaned as her arsehole yielded to the pressure

Slowly, inch by delicious inch she felt the first cock invade her arse. Dee slid her hips back to meet his thrust and soon he was moving his cock inside her again. After a few stokes he pulled out again. The other man lay on his back on the bed and motioned Dee to climb on to him. She did so, and wasted no time guiding his cock into her pussy. She could hardly suppress the thrill of knowing what was about to happen as she slid down his length and then began to ride his thick cock.

Once again, Dee felt the other cock press against her arsehole. She paused briefly, allowing him to enter her. When it was in Dee delighted at the sensations of having both holes filled at once. As she accustomed herself to the new sensations, her only regret was that there wasn't a third cock for her to suck as her two lovers thrust deeply inside her.

With their cocks now buried deep in her pussy and back passage, Dee was final free to give voice to her pleasure. "Oh fuck that's sooooo good," she moaned, "Fuck my pussy! Fuck my arse! Fuck me hard! Fuck me! Fuck me!! FUCK MEEEEEEEEEE!!!"

Feeling herself sandwiched between them she felt the pressure in her clit rise again. They were both thrusting into her as hard as they could and she was enjoying every second. Savouring the double intrusion, Dee, moaned her encouragement, letting both men know how much she was enjoying their attentions.

From their breathing she knew that soon they wouldn't last much longer. She ground her hips down and pushed back at the same time, drawing the two cocks as deep into her pussy and her arse as she could. She came again. "Ohhhh, ohhhh, ooooh yesssss! Yessssss! Mmmmmm YESSSSSSSSSS!!" she cried, this time being able to give vent to the screaming release that had been denied her on the previous occasions.

As if her screaming was the signal the men had been waiting for, the delicious abuse of her holes suddenly stopped. The first man slowly pulled his cock from her back passage. Still shaking, Dee felt herself being lifted off the other cock. Still gripped in the throes of her climax, she was allowed to lie back on the bed as the two men took up positions on either side, pointed their cocks at her and began to wank them furiously.

Dee couldn't tell which of her lovers came first, but she didn't care. "Mmmmmm, that's nice," she purred contentedly as the first cock erupted, sending spurts of hot, sticky cum over her face and neck. It was still spewing its load over her when she, heard a low moan from her left then felt the second load hit her, covering her breasts with its warm stickiness.

Dee lay there for a moment then began to rub the cum into her skin. As her sticky fingers made contact with her nipples the dirtiness of the situation overwhelmed her and she allowed herself a final small climax.

With small but intense tremors gripping her body, she continued to massage her breasts, relishing the feeling as she spread the sticky load all over them. She licked her fingers clean then turned to the two cocks that were now diminishing. She gently licked each one clean, savouring the mixed taste of cum and her own juices. Once that task had been completed, she greedily licked her lips, wiped her face and licked the last traces of cum from her fingers.

Lying there, tired, tender but extremely satisfied on her bed, Dee was scarcely aware of the men as they quickly dressed and left her room. She wondered if she could be bothered with the effort of getting herself cleaned up and going back downstairs to the bar again. Feeling warm and surprisingly comfortable despite her various aches, she decided not to bother.

Later, having finally summoned up the last reserves of energy to shower and get ready for bed, Dee's last thought as she turned off the light was the realisation that she hadn't found out her lovers' names.