 Jan drove home that afternoon with a smile on her face. Her mind was focused on what kind of luncheon to have and who to invite that would be compatible with her good neighbors Susan and Larry. Over the last few months Jan had enjoyed pleasurable sexual encounters with the couple and was anxious to possibly interest a few more friends in their "luncheons". Think of all of the possibilities and new encounters. Later that night, lying in her bed, Jan could not turn off the images from the first time she walked in and saw Larry eating Susan's pussy. As her mind played out that scene, she caressed her breasts as her nipples hardened and her fingers sought out her throbbing clit. 

Recalling her play with Larry's impressive cock nearly brought her to orgasm. 'Fuck, I need a cock,' she cried out. Knowing how to satisfy her wanting, she reached over to her nightstand and pulled out her favorite dildo and lube. While wishing for Larry's cock, she lubed up her toy and began to slowly insert it into her eager, wet cunt. 'Oh yes,' she sighed, 'not the real thing but it will do.' While she remembered how wonderful it felt to have Larry's cock in her she tightened her muscles around the dildo and began thrusting her hips in a slow rhythm. Imagining that Larry was fucking her, her thrusts became quicker, her fingers slid around her silky, wet pussy and hard clit until her orgasm exploded, shaking her with waves of pleasure. In her mind's eye she watched Larry cum and that was all she needed for another orgasm. She left the dildo in her cunt and fell into a peaceful sleep.

The next morning when Jan had a break at work, she called Susan. 

"Hi Jan, I wondered if I would hear from you today. How's it going?"

"I'm horny," she whispered, "I couldn't get Larry, you, me, and our play time out of my mind. Last night my toy was a poor substitute so I wonder if there is any way I can get a repeat performance." 

Smiling to herself and knowing what fun Larry can be asked "I think we can work something out, what did you have in mind?" 

"What we did last Saturday was great but I am open, and so are my legs"

"My, my Jan you really are horny aren't you. By the way, did you tell anyone else about what we did?" 

"No, but I know for sure that Carole and Barb would love to have access to Larry, after that lunch you had when you introduced your man Godfrey, they were ready to rip his clothes off."

"Well I've never discussed having others getting involved with Larry but he did say after you left that he had never had two women at the same time before. He really enjoyed our threesome. But, I don't see any reason why you and I can't just enjoy Larry exclusively for a while. I'll check with him and see what his schedule looks like then I'll call you and we can discuss our next playtime. You know, just thinking about all of this is making me horny too. It's going to be hard, so to speak, to get any work done for the rest of the day."

"Glad to make your day Susan. I can hardly wait to hear what Larry thinks."

"Me too, I'm really looking forward to it. Later. Bye."

Jan hung up the phone with a smile knowing that some fun times were ahead. But, now she needed some time in the ladies room stall to give attention to an aching pussy. Little did she know that Susan needed the same.

"Hi Larry," said Susan over the phone, "I have a question for you."

"Shoot," replied Larry with a smile.

"You really got Jan worked up yesterday and she asked me if we could do a repeat. I told her I would ask you to see if you were agreeable." 

"Gee Susan, I'm flattered. That was a lot of fun. Do I understand that the three of us would get together and have some naked fun together? 

"Yes, that is the idea."

"I'm always happy to be your good neighbor. I'm ready anytime. When and where?"

"My place tomorrow night at seven. Any special beverage you would like??

"If I recall you enjoy wine, so I'll have what you have."

"Great, we both look forward to seeing you."

"And a lot more. Bye Susan."

When Susan hung up she immediately called Jan. 

"Hi Jan, we are set for tomorrow night, seven o'clock at my house. Larry and I will have wine so bring whatever you enjoy."

"Thanks Susan, I am so looking forward to this. How do we want to attack Larry's body and his lovely cock?"

"I know he really enjoys eating pussy and bringing us to orgasm so I think we can start with that and when he is eating your pussy I can lick his cock and then we can reverse positions. "

"Oh yes, I like that idea. I have wet dreams about how he licked my pussy and how wonderful his cock felt in my mouth."

"One new thing we could try is have him fuck us from behind and while he does that, we can lick each other's pussy too. I've never experienced that but I'll leave it to you if you are comfortable with it."

"That would be a new experience for me too and I'm game to give it a try. Have your vibrator handy too; I'm sure we can find a use for it."

"Sounds good. Come a bit earlier and change into your sexiest negligee."

At 6:30 Jan appeared at Susan's door with her sexy outfit in hand. Both girls adjourned to the bedroom and laid out their outfits. They both shared a good laugh because the chosen outfits were nearly identical. White, stockings, garter belt, lacy panties and bra.

"I love a reason to shop for lingerie," said Susan.

"Mine was a gift from a past lover, "replied Jan, "I've always liked this outfit."

"What happened to him?"

"Long story I can tell you later, but the jest is that he got transferred and I didn't want to move."

The girls undressed and put on their chosen outfits. Each admiring how well the other looked. After the makeup was applied they adjourned to the kitchen to make up the drinks and wait for Larry.

Promptly at seven, Larry walked through the kitchen door to be greeted with a drink and the sight of two lovely women dressed almost like twins. 

"Wow, do you two look incredible. I love your outfits; did you go shopping together?"

"No, we just happened to have the same taste in clothes and our man. We think however you are entirely overdressed. I think we should get you a lot more comfortable."

As Larry sipped his wine, he thoroughly enjoyed being the focus of two attentive ladies.

They slowly and seductively removed his clothes down to his bikini brief. There was no hiding his erection which the girls enjoyed as they ran their hands over it. Finally Susan removed his brief and freed his cock from confinement. She took it into her hands and gave it a wet kiss. 

Larry moved to Jan and slowly removed her clothes. Each breast and nipple received full attention with some kissing, nibbling, and sucking. Each stocking was gently removed and he teasingly ran his fingers lightly up and down each leg. He inserted his finger under the fabric of the panty and brushed across her clit.

Jan let out a gasp and held onto Larry as he slowly removed her panty. He gave her clit a kiss and looked up to her with a smile. 

Susan watched with eagerness. Her nipples were already hard and her pussy was wet with anticipation.

Larry playfully removed her clothes and fingered her clit and cunt. After the clothes were removed he stood Jan and Susan side by side and with his hands he lightly rubbed their clits. Feeling his touch put both girls in their own world of ecstasy. Much to Susan's surprise she felt like she was on the edge of an orgasm. 'Wow, that was quick,' she thought. She noted that Jan's eyes were shut and her breathing had quickened just like hers. 'I think we both are ready to cum,' she thought to herself.

Susan moaned as her orgasm built. She grabbed Larry and held on as her orgasm flowed through her body. "Oh yes, yes, yes," she gasp.

Jan didn't take much longer before she felt her orgasm begin to build. Holding Larry for support she held her breath as her orgasm felt like a rolling wave.

"That was very nice ladies. What would you enjoy next?"

"Well," replied Jan, "Since this is Susan's home, she should get the first round of you eating her pussy."

"A wonderful idea. Susan, shall we adjourn to the place of your choice?"

"Let's use the couch so I can stand over you and Jan can enjoy your cock at the same time."

Larry sat on the couch and Susan straddled his face with her legs. Jan knelt between Larry's legs and took his cock and balls into her hands and mouth. Susan looked forward to this position because she could control how hard or soft she could ride Larry's tongue and also where she wanted it. It was great for Larry because he was getting the best of both worlds. He loved eating Susan's pussy and at the same time to have a warm mouth around his cock. He also liked the way Susan moved her cunt up and down. The other nice thing he thought to himself is that he gets to repeat it with Jan. How lucky can a guy get?

Susan moved to a position that gave her clit Larry's full attention. She loved having his tongue (or fingers) touching her clit. She rocked her pussy forth and back while pinching a nipple with a free hand. It wasn't long before she felt her orgasm build to a crescendo. The previous orgasm was nice but this one was even bigger. Larry's tongue keep licking as her orgasm seemed never ending. After she caught her breath she said, "Wow that was wonderful. Jan, I know you are in for a real treat."

Jan was very ready to switch places. Sucking and licking Larry's cock made her very horny if that was possible since she was horny to start with. She was very wet when she straddled Larry's face and quickly positioned his tongue into her cunt. I could do this all day she thought to herself. She looked over her shoulder and saw Susan licking Larry's balls and rubbing his nipples. She closed her eyes and consecrated on the wonderful sensation of a tongue licking her cunt and lips brushing her clit.

She cupped her breast and moved her pussy down to feel his tongue all over her clit. As her orgasm began to build she rocked forth and back faster and pushed her clit down harder on Larry's mouth. She tensed and shuttered as her orgasm rolled over her body. 

"Oooooooooooohhhhhhh Yyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssss," she moaned, "Fucking yes!!"

Jan eased herself off of Larry and collapsed on the couch beside him. 

"Thank you very much," she said and then she kissed his mouth. "Mm, something tastes good on your lips."

"I can't imagine what that would be," he replied with a grin.

"Hey you two, how about some good fucking?" 

"Marvelous idea; you first Susan," replied Jan.

"Come with me," Susan said to Larry as he she held his dick and lead him to the dining room table.

"We have a something in mind we think you will enjoy. Jan, the table is yours."

Jan climbed up on the table and spread her legs to give Susan good access to her very wet pussy. Susan took the vibrator that was on the table and after putting it on low speed, inserted it just inside Jan's cunt. 

"Oh my," said Jan, "That feels very nice."

Susan positioned her mouth on Jan's pussy and spread her legs for Larry to enter her from behind. 

For Larry, watching Susan lick Jan's lovely bald pussy was a huge turn on. He felt his hard cock throbbing for the warmth of Susan's cunt. 'Wow,' he thought, 'It is one thing to watch this in a video, but quite another to have it for real. I sure hope I don't cum too soon.' 

Susan was enjoying the sensation of a cock sliding in and out of her cunt all the while sliding her tongue up and down a very wet pussy. Jan was beside herself from the pleasure of her pussy being licked and a vibrator moving in and out of her cunt. It didn't matter who was licking her pussy, it felt wonderful. As her orgasm began to build she held her breast and squeezed her nipples. All those sensations soon culminated in her largest orgasm of the evening. She shook as her orgasm swept through her body. 

Susan looked up and gave Jan a big smile. "Wow, I enjoyed that too. "

Larry pulled out of Susan's cunt and she knelt down and took his cock into her mouth. 

"I like the taste of my cunt on your cock. Don't hold back if you are ready to cum in Jan's cunt."

"Well," said Larry, "Maybe we'll both cum at the same time." 

"That only happens in stories but who knows, maybe we will. I know we will have fun trying," replied Susan.

Once Susan and Jan had changed places Larry began his long and slow stroke in Jan's cunt. His mind was relieved about not cumming too soon. Watching Jan lick Susan was as erotic as when they were reversed. A bald pussy is lovely and getting to enjoy two at the same time is more than wonderful.

Susan's breathing began to quicken and so was Larry's. Jan could tell both were on the edge of cumming and as Susan began to tense, she reached down between her legs and held Larry's balls. That was all Larry needed and he filled Jan's cunt with his hot cum. Jan gave the vibrator a deep thrust into Susan's cunt and her body trembled as her orgasm rushed over her.

After a short pause, Larry pulled out of Jan and she and Susan took turns licking his cock clean and sucking out the last drop of his cum. 

"Is this what you had in mind Jan?" asked Susan as she licked Larry's cock. 

"Even better and I hope there will be more in the near future."

"Me too," exclaimed Larry.

"You can count on it," said Susan. "Drinks anyone?"