 This is an excerpt from an erotic novel, working title Deep into the Noughties, charting a 40-something woman's sexual escapades.

*

After about a year and a half I started to get a bit weary of constantly scouting for and meeting new men from Internet. So to those who had hung around and got to know me a little, I put forward the following proposition: let's assist each other to find like-minded people to have mind-blowing sex? This required a commitment of sorts -- enough interest in me as a person to want to see me happy, on a sexual level at least. 

Given the hardship I had endured over the past few years I was the first to admit I was not emotionally available, but nonetheless I desired some kind of happiness, even if it was to be achieved via purely hedonistic pursuits, rather than via a deep soul connection that we as woman are mentored is the holy grail of self-fulfilment. But like the good little girl I was brought up as, there was always a lingering guilt that I wasn't actively looking for love, but some kind of "zipless fuck" of the Eric Jong kind.

You'd think most men would rise to the challenge. But let's face it, many like to talk up their sexual plans without any tangible follow through. I guess it took a certain kind of personality to pursue what I was asking. And as for me, I was finding life could be so much more fun outside the little boxes that we are squeezed into by society.

Two chose to rise to the task.

These two guys knew of each other, but had never met. Once was black, a vestige from the period when I was somewhat obsessed with black men. He was a busy guy umbilically attached to his palm pilot in pursuit of an all-consuming corporate career. 

The other was of Mediterranean origin, and spent a good deal of his spare time at the gym, rather than in any career or intellectual pursuits. The common denominator being that both were good physical specimens, were excellent lovers, were well endowed and, mostly importantly, were open to some experimentation. So I was glad they had self-selected. However, each of course had their own idea of what they'd get out of their carnal association with me.

I felt it was time they should meet each other.

I remember that weekend vividly. It was following a very busy week at work, which I churned through productively like a dog in anticipation a juicy reward -- or maybe a bitch on heat is a more apt description. My daughter was invited for a sleepover, which was organised well in advance. So I had invited Alex and Vince to my place, and had only told Alex that he would not be the only one there that evening.

I already knew that Alex was fine with a threesome that involved another man, or another women for that matter. Vince, however, in previous discussions had baulked at the suggestion of a two male one female threesome as a first group foray: "It's gotta be two girls and me or nothing", was his mantra. 

I had heard that mantra before, and was out to challenge it.

"It will be fine. What are you worried about?"

"Yeah, but what about if the guy is gay", he said. Ho hum. How predictable.

"Well, if there are three of us, and he is sticking it to me, at best he's bi", I quipped. "It wouldn't be about him focussing on you. I'd make sure the focus was on me."

"What about if he touches me?" he was sounding increasingly worried. 

"Well, in what I'd have planned I am sure that you will be brushing up against each other. But that would be a consequence of coordinating yourselves around me". I sighed. Vince just didn't get it.

I ventured on: "It's not like a two female one male threesome, where it's expected that the two chicks get it off. But even so, if the guys did want to explore each other a bit, I'd be open to that. What's good for the goose is good for the gander. I'm democratic on that one". As soon as that last bit dropped out of my mouth I knew I'd made a mistake.

"See. You'd be open to it."

"Yes. I would be. But the guys would have to know from word go what the parameters are. He -- I mean Alex -- is not gay. He just gets off on seeing a woman with another guy. And then of interest to me is how much fun it would be to try a double penetration, if you are at all happy to assist." There. My agenda was out there. "You need two dicks for that. And I bet you've seen that before and been turned on by it zillions of times in porn movies." I knew there was no arguing against that.

So anyway, Saturday evening came along. It had been raining all day and I was feeling a huge sense of anticipation. My nerves were jumpy and I found it hard to focus on the domestic tasks I had to complete, and felt guilty for being a bit short with my daughter when she asked me to help with a school project. And I felt guiltily dropping her off for the evening. But despite this, by now I was project driven.

At around 6pm I showered, tidied my pubic hairs, and put on some fancy underwear. I don't usually wear g-strings, but for these sorts of occasions -- as the feeling of a small piece of material wedged tightly in between my legs always gets me fired up -- a little reminder that it is this part of me that is going to get a lot of attention.

I put on just enough makeup to flatter my features, as I wanted my natural colour to shine through. I loved the look of a face flushed with sex. And I chose a rather demure outfit, just because I like to keep the boys guessing a bit -- a floral knee length skirt and a indigo halter top, under which I wore a black strapless bra to match my undies.

I had asked each to arrive at a different time, with Alex 45 minutes later than Vince. The plan was to get Vince so hot and distracted that he would not be able to stop when Alex made his presence known. I briefed Alex about the plan, and as expected, he liked it.

I was to keep the door unlocked so that Alex could walk in. He could then watch us secretly from behind the cabinet in the hallway.

Vince arrived with a bottle of red wine. He did not drink but I had two glasses to relax. He drank four glasses of water probably due to the fact that he'd spent a few hours in the gym. He motioned for me to come and sit on his lap, facing him, which I did, feeling a little demure, as I always did, for what reason I do not know, other than that underlying all my superficial bravado, I am shy by nature.

As I sat on his lap with my legs spread I immediately felt his hard penis, and had to tell myself to pace it, given it was still 35 minutes before Alex's arrival.

He moved my skirt up, shifted the g-string out of the way, and starting rubbing my pussy, which was already wet. I wanted his cock inside me then, there on the lounge, and had to do all I could to delay that satisfaction. "Would you like me to suck you?" I asked, matter of fact.

He quickly reefed down his jeans, and his big uncircumcised dick flung from his underpants. I got on the lounge and sucked him off, with my arse sticking up in the air. I guided his hand to my cunt -- I didn't want him to have all the fun. And good for him too as I always give a much better head job if given some direct incentive.

I grabbed his balls and sucked them, while tugging his dick. Slowly, I rolled the head of his dick in my mouth with my tongue, while playing with his balls. I did not want to put my hands firmly around the base of it, nor go down on it to hard, as I did not want him to get overly excited. But I was safe in the knowledge that Vince could usually keep an erection for as long as required. So I went at it a bit harder.

I looked at the clock. It was 8.35pm. Alex was due in 10 minutes. Time to move us into the bedroom.

"I was wondering if we could go into the bedroom now. Is that okay with you? It would be more comfortable there."

"Yeah sure," he wasn't complaining.

I stepped from the lounge onto the floor. I stood before Vince, put one foot on his leg, and then stuck a few fingers in my cunt, took them out, and sucked them. "Hmmm even I admit I taste pretty good". I could see him flinch, and he quickly followed me into the bedroom like a big starved puppy.

He lay on his back, and I put my pussy on to his face, and I resumed sucking him whilst he licked and sucked away between my legs. I was grinding my vagina into his face.

I heard a text message come in. That meant Alex was just outside, ready to walk in. I kept grinding on to Vince's face, and moaning in stops and starts with his dick in my mouth. I wondered if Alex was watching by now and felt myself peak in the knowledge he was probably seeing me with a mouth full of cock and my cunt grinding onto Vince's face.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" I screamed as I came. "Oh yes. That is sooooo good. Oh God." I collapsed my sweaty body on Vince's, and lay there, spent for the moment. But aware that I had to get moving and have him fuck me. I was sticking to the plan and wished to keep up the momentum. I wanted to be worked into a frenzy, and wanted my two lovers right there with me. "I want your cock in me now," I said, breathlessly. Vince wasn't resisting. I straddled him, rubbed the head of his dick on my swollen clit a few times, and then slowly slipped the shaft inside me.

Now, I have to admit that climaxing with oral sex is absolutely wonderful. But I think a lot of women would have to agree with me that there is nothing more satisfying than to have their cunt filled with a nice cock. Am I wrong here girls?

That first full taking of it all inside you -- there are few moments in life that engender such perfect bliss. You'd like to stay in that moment forever, but you know you can't. You cling on to it. And for a moment I forgot that Alex was watching this, as Vince started the pace up a bit.

I leaned forward squashing my tits on him, meeting his thrusts. "Wow you're really horny tonight," he breathed into my ear. "You're usually pretty up for it. But this is something else". Yes indeed it was; I was thinking of those extra pair of eyes watching me get the holy hell fucked out of me.

"Hey Sophie, are you home?" came the watered down American accent from the hallway. "Hey. Whoa! There you are." He said, with a smile on his face, his eyes wide.

"Oh Alex, good lord, what are you doing here?" I feigned surprise, still impaled. "Weren't we going to meet next week?"

"Yeah. But I was just passing by on the off chance..." he tailed off. "But hey, I can see you're busy...," he looked at Vince. "I'll go and leave you ...."

"No stay," I ventured. "You don't mind do you Vince?"

His dick was still hard inside me. I was squeezing my pelvic muscles on to it with all their little might -- no mean feat for a child-bearing woman. I wondered what he was going to say.

"You're place," he said, trying to look unfazed. "Guess you can have over who you like."

Phew, I thought, a fairly benign answer. I pushed on.

"Okay, great. Thanks. But, ummm .......," I paused, willing myself to get it out. There was nothing to loose.

"........since Alex is here, ummmm, do you mind if, ummm, Alex watches us for a bit? That'd really turn me on. Please. I'd really like that." With the last few words I ground down on to him and put my head back and sighed. I wanted to do justice to my role as would be middle-aged vixen.

"Okay, okay," he said as I started to move rhythmically on him. It was too late for him to come back from this one.

I could see Alex's trousers straining as he sat on the wicker chair in my bedroom, watching us. I was yelping and panting, putting on -- as I'm sure playback from a camera capturing the proceedings would attest -- a good performance (now there's an idea, I thought momentarily).

While we were busy Alex quietly took his dick out and was stroking it. "Sorry. You too look like you are having such a good time. I hope you don't mind." It was a rhetorical question for me. But Vince looked a little alarmed, but kept going.

"Good God," I spluttered, not being able to control myself any longer. "Alex. Oh Jesus. Come and touch me.

Alex came over and stroked my face, then started rubbing his hands all over me, and held my tits and squeezed my nipples as I was bounding up and down. He then went to the back of me and stroked my back. Then licked and nipped at it. "You are just gorgeous babe," he sighed. "Come on babe. You are almost there." He had his hands on my arse now, helping me bounce, watching Vince's dick going in and out, covered with my shiny cunt juice. He was near where he was most wanted.

"Fuck I'd like to pump that nice round ass," he growled. 

"Oh yes, yes," I gasped. "Oh god, yes that'd be so nice. Jesus, yes, fuck my arse. Please..."

I think that was the tipping point: Vince had accepted his fate and had understood that it was going to be all about giving me maximum pleasure, and in doing so, he and Alex were going to be in for one hell of a ride. 

Alex knew where the lube lived, given we weren't exactly strangers to anal sex. And as I lay forward on Vince, with his dick still inside me, Alex took his time massaging my arsehole with the lube. I wriggled and moaned, already about to burst. "Oh Jesus. Hurry. Please." I looked over my shoulder, pleading.

"I'm going to tap that ass," he said as he started to probe my rectum. I scrunched my face as the head passed by my sphincter, allowing the shaft access to my innards. And I wondered how that must feel for a guy -- having their dick clamped by such a marvellous muscle and the end part of it in some great warm expanse. Vince looked somewhat stunned but cooperated by staying still for the moment.

Porn movies make double penetration look relatively easy. But there's an art to it. Having got two dicks in, you don't want to pop them out and have to start all over again. Somehow, we managed to synchronise so there was enough movement to everyone's satisfaction. All I can describe the sensation as is to be totally filled up, to a point where some valve has to give way. And I could hear a soothing voice urging me, I don't know whose as I was in a kind of blissful trance: "It's okay baby, it's okay. Let it go baby, it's okay. Come for us, it's okay". And not surprisingly, all this stimulation had the desired effect on me -- I totally and utterly lost it with a crescendo of yelps and screeches and various breathless mentions of God and Jesus amongst a series of expletives.

If I were one of my neighbours sitting at home watching TV or engaged in some other benign activity, I would have no doubt wondered what kind of strange animal was baying and screeching near by. Had something wild escaped from the zoo and being tormented? 

Next thing I remember is that I woke up. I was wet and clammy and I could hear Alex and Vince chatting from the other room. I sat up, not knowing the precise end of our sexual shenanigans, other than the pleasure I recounted in the tingling I felt through my core, which had been invaded by a multitude of endorphins.

I walked into the living room, disturbing the two guys having a drink and a laugh.

"There she is", said Alex, teasing. "Le petite mort. Or should I say: Le grand mort".

Well that would have gone over Vince's head for sure, but I had a bit of a chuckle.

"What happened, at the end that is? I remember all but the actual end".

"Well, you went off like a screaming banshee, and you blew a gasket, and then we blew our gaskets. And you then passed out. You pussycat," Alex informed me.

"What, you weren't worried about me? Like I could have blown a vein or something. You merciless bastards."

"Nah," Vince chimed in. "We both knew you were well and truly fucked."

We all laughed. And went on to plan our next more adventurous liaison.