 Prologue

The following events occurred several years back in the small college town of Derry. I know about them through my psychology practice which I opened in Derry after graduation. A woman came to see me about some sexual problems she was having and related this incredible story which I did not believe. When I went to investigate I found several stories similar to hers.

It has taken me five years and trips all over the US to find the people who were involved, but I believe I now have a full accounting of what happened. Several of the participants were reluctant to talk to me at first, but I was persistent and in the end most really wanted to talk. After all, I am a psychologist and therefore a good listener.

There were a few who did refuse to talk to me, but I was able to piece together their stories from others who were there, reliable hearsay and an occasional uninvited peek into their secret diaries. The final piece of the puzzle just recently fell into place through a stroke of pure luck which I will explain later.

I am dictating this account strictly for clinical purposes and do not plan to publish it. Besides, it would be an ethical violation to reveal the secrets my clients have told me in confidence. I will share it only with my trustworthy assistant to finalize when I am finished dictating. Surely she will protect it as I would. After all, she is part of the story.

What Happened at Derry

An orange mist seeped out from a cave in the nearby hills and spread throughout the small college town of Derry. No one could explain it. When it burned off in the afternoon people went back to their daily routine and soon it was forgotten.

No one connected the arrival of the tall redhead with the orange mist, but they certainly noticed her. She was over 6 feet tall with long flowing red hair. Her skin was pale, almost albino, and her eyes were deep green. She wore a long white dress that hugged the contours of her shapely body. The stranger wore an octagonal-shaped gold amulet around her neck. 

The townspeople thought she was just another of those strange looking students from Derry College when she walked into the local diner. She said very little as she ate. Ruby, the waitress, was able to learn that her name was Wendy. They all watched her leave and head for campus.

.............................................

The Spring Costume Ball was less than a week away and Sonya Fields didn't have a date. She was still pissed at Greg for fucking that cunt Cindy and had refused to speak to him for the last week. Now he was taking Cindy to the Ball and she was without a date. It was humiliating.

Billy Bishop saw Sonya as he was leaving the locker room after football practice. In his opinion she was the best looking and sexiest cheerleader at Derry College. He had been infatuated by Sonya since the first time he laid eyes on her. His eyes scanned the short well-built blonde with big blue eyes, a perfectly rounded ass and nice bulging tits. He walked up behind her.

"Hey good looking. I heard you and Greg split. Wanna go to the Spring Ball with me? I'll show you a good time."

Sonya thought Billy was an asshole after what he and his friends did to Donna at the frat party. Donna got so drunk she could hardly stand. Billy and some of his friends led her down into the basement where they took turns fucking her. They even made a video of it and put it on the internet. 

"Uh, I don't know, Billy. Look, I gotta run. I'll think about it and let you know tomorrow."

Sonya could have kicked herself for leaving it so open ended. Of course she didn't want to go with that asshole. On the other hand she did need a date. There had to be someone else. She would have to sleep on it for a night.

.............................................

"Squeeze my tits... harder... oh fuck yes... that's it... harder... I'm going to cum... oh fuck... ooohhhhh... AAAAAHHHHHHHHH..."

Mary Simpson's body exploded as Frank's huge cock slammed into her pussy over and over. He was pinching her nipples so hard that tears streamed down her cheeks. She couldn't get enough of his young cock. As her orgasm slowly subsided she pulled away and got on her back.

"Get on top and fuck me. I want to feel your big cock pounding deep into my pussy. You know the way I like it. Now get up here."

Mary Simpson pulled her legs back as Frank climbed up between them. His hard cock found the steamy entrance to her pussy between the juicy folds peeking out of her gash. He shoved hard. She gasped from the intensity of pleasure caused by his swollen meat as it speared deep into her belly.

"Fuck me goddamit... harder... yeah... oh fuck. Now hit me. Slap my face as you fuck me. You know how I like it."

Frank slapped her hard across the face while driving his cock into her steamy passage. He pulled out and slammed into her again. Another slap. Her fingernails dug at his chest and arms. He continued to fuck her hard and fast. She bucked up against his cock on each stroke trying to drive him deeper. 

"Harder dammit... fuck me like a whore."

Frank's cock was about to explode. His cock thrust into her harder and faster. Her fingers clawed at his face and arms. Her eyes were desperate. Her body tensed and jerked. Cunt juice sprayed from her pussy soaking his pubes and dripping down his balls. 

Frank slammed his cock into her quivering cunt again and again. A surge of cum moved through his length causing it to swell even bigger inside her body. His hands tightened around her neck as the first surge of hot cream exploded into her body. He felt her shudder one last time before blackness enveloped her. 

Mary Simpson awoke and reached down to confirm that the bottom of her nightgown was soaked. It was the third time she had dreamed of doing things with Frank that she had never done... would never do... with her husband or anyone. She hardly even knew Frank.

Mary was in her mid thirties and had two children. She was a good wife and responsible mother. She didn't know what was happening to her. She had always harbored a secret fantasy of sex with a stranger - one that took her roughly and forcefully - but that was all it was... a fantasy. Maybe this was her punishment for having these impure thoughts.

She rolled over and tried to put the dream out of her mind. She and her husband, who was a Professor at Derry College, were the designated faculty to attend the upcoming Spring Costume Ball. She would have to come up with a clever costume.

.............................................

As Billy crawled into bed, visions of Sonya floated through his head. Her full lips and luscious tits, her tight ass and sexy eyes... everything about her was exciting. Billy's hand slipped under the sheet and wrapped around his growing hardness. He imagined Sonya's beautiful face moving closer for a kiss. It became her hand stroking him. He closed his eyes.

"Oh, you're so big, Billy... you have such a nice cock. I want to suck it. I want to feel the hard flesh glide across my tongue and fill my mouth. Fuck my mouth, Billy. Please."

He could almost feel her wet lips wrapped around his cock and moving down his shaft. It felt so real. Was he dreaming? Had he fallen asleep? Her mouth moved lower until his cock pushed into her throat. She did things to him no girl had ever done. Cum was churning in his balls. There was no way he could hold back.

"Oh fuck yes, Sonya. I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum in your mouth. Oh fuck... oh god... AAAARRRGGGGHHH..."

A steady stream of hot cream exploded from his cock followed by a second, third and fourth explosion. He looked down as he squeezed out the last few drops. Something was wrong. Sonya was no longer there. It was that fucking ugly geek Mindy from English class. She looked up at him with cum drooling from her lips. What was she doing in his dream? Where was Sonya?

Mindy slid up his body and kissed him on the lips. He was helpless to move and could taste his own cum drooling across his tongue. He felt sick. The dream slowly faded away. Billy awoke shaking his head and wiping his mouth. He reached down and ran his fingers through cum that had splattered across his stomach and chest.

.............................................

Mindy woke up shaking. The dream seemed so real. She had been sucking a big cock that sprayed huge amounts of cum into her mouth. She didn't even know whose cock it had been. Everything was a blur except the cock which she remembered vividly. 

"That's okay baby. It was just a bad dream."

Mindy looked up at her roommate Betsy who was sitting on the side of her bed. Betsy was a tall red head with a nice body but a plain face. Mindy was glad that her roommate wasn't someone glamorous. From the neck down Mindy could compete with any woman, but her black hair, hook nose, sunken cheeks and thin lips made her face something most people would politely call unique.

Betsy's hand casually moved over Mindy's breast. Mindy was too tired to object. This wasn't the first time Betsy had touched her. Just last week Mindy had let Betsy bury her face between her legs. She didn't mind. It just felt strange that her first sexual experience in college had been with another girl.

Betsy kissed Mindy on the cheek. Mindy just let it happen... the soft lips, the tongue, a hand between her legs, fingers in her body. It felt good. She needed the release it was going to give her. Mindy spread her legs and lifted her knees. Betsy moved between her thighs and licked her pussy. Several minutes later Mindy gasped. Cunt juice gushed into Betsy's mouth. Betsy stood wiping her lips.

"I know that I'm not what you really want, Mindy, but I appreciate you being such a good friend and letting me... you know... get close to you."

Mindy enjoyed the sexual release Betsy gave her, but knew it would never replace a hard cock. In high school boys would line up in the parking lot waiting for their blowjob. It was the only way she could get any attention. Mindy loved the feel of a hard cock in her mouth and she loved the taste of cum. Sometimes they would fuck her but always from behind so they didn't have to look at her face.

"Anyway, I've decided to help you get what you want. We'll go to the Spring Ball together and I'll find you a fuck buddy. You have a nice body and I know it will be easy to find a boy that wants you"

"You mean if I wear a mask and show off my goodies someone will fuck me because they won't have to look at my ugly face."

"No... no, Mindy. Boys are just idiots. They don't always see what's really beautiful."

Mindy smiled and pulled Betsy close. They kissed. This time Mindy slipped a hand between Betsy's legs until her fingers could part the moist folds of her pussy. It was the first time she had touched another girl but she knew what to do. Minutes later she felt the warm gush of pussy juice dribble down her fingers as Betsy jerked and bucked against her.

"Betsy, I would be honored to go with you to the Spring Ball as your date. Who knows what might happen."

.............................................

Sonya was on her way to class still thinking about the strange dream she had the previous night. She had been sucking Billy Bishop's cock. No, she wasn't just sucking it, she was devouring it. The explosion of hot thick cream into her mouth felt so real she could almost taste it. After that everything went blank. When Sonya awoke her thighs were sticky with pussy juice. 

"Hey Sonya, are you going to the Ball with me? I'll make it worth your while."

She turned around to see Billy Bishop right behind her. She blushed as she thought about the dream. Her nipples swelled and her pussy got wet. God she was horny. It had been almost two weeks since the last time Greg had fucked her. Besides, Billy did have a cock - a nice one if her dream was any indication - and Sonya needed to get fucked badly. So what if he was an asshole.

"Hi Billy. Sure, I guess we could go together. Why don't we go to my room and discuss our costumes."

.............................................

The rock was rumored to hold mystical powers. It was a jagged overhang down by the lake behind the college. The myth said that no virgin ever returned from a visit to the rock with her date. It was a favorite place for the upperclassmen to bring the freshman girls. Many of the students swore that it worked but there was never any proof, just boyish boasting. 

Katie was curious to see the rock. She had maintained her virginity throughout high school not so much on principle but because she never met a guy she felt was worth fucking. She had done her share of fooling around and had no hang ups about oral sex, but when it came to letting a boy put his penis in her vagina she always drew the line.

Katie saw Paul Burns walking across the quad. She knew him from History Class with Professor Simpson. He seemed like a nice guy. He would be perfect for an afternoon stroll to the rock to test its true powers. After she had successfully resisted the rock's power she planned to write an article about it for the Derry College Rag. She intercepted Paul before he reached his dorm.

"Hi Paul. What a nice day it is, don't you think? I thought I would take a walk down to the lake but I don't want to go alone. Would you mind coming with me?"

Paul couldn't believe Katie was asking him to go with her. She was smart, hot and confident -- some would say snobby. Her tight shorts and even tighter top did little to hide her shapely assets. She wasn't exactly beautiful, but she was striking with long brown hair, puffy lips and mysterious green eyes. This was a girl normally way out of his league.

Paul ran to his room to drop off his books and returned before she changed her mind. They set off down the hill. As they approached the lake they could see the mythical rock in the distance.

"You know what they say about the rock, Paul. Well, believe it or not, I'm still a virgin. Let's go test the theory. Who knows, if the legend is true then this could be your lucky day -- or mine."

She winked at him. Paul turned red at the suggestion, although he was genuinely surprised by her confession about being a virgin. Katie thought it was cute that he was embarrassed. She decided that a little more teasing might loosen him up. They arrived at the rock and stood under the overhang.

"Well I don't feel like ripping off my clothes yet. Let's be real daring and try kissing. You don't mind kissing me do you?"

She didn't give him a chance to answer. Her arms flew around his neck. She pressed her lips to his and forced her tongue into his mouth. Paul slowly relaxed and kissed her back. He had never met anyone like her. She was definitely in charge. His cock was about to rip through his pants.

Katie pressed closer and could feel his hardness against her loins. Her pussy reacted to the pressure causing a slight dampness in her panties. She had always been able to control her urges in the past but this urge was stronger than most. Katie decided to handle it the same way she had in high school when her hormones were raging. She squatted in front of Paul and unzipped his pants.

.............................................

"That's it baby... suck it. Suck my big cock."

Sonya was devouring Billy Bishop's cock with the same degree of aggression she had in her dream. She was amazed that it looked exactly the same... a thick vein streaked shaft with a slight curvature and an oversized knob at the top. She was tempted to finish him with her mouth, but her pussy was dripping and demanding immediate attention.

"Fuck me Billy. Shove your big hard cock up my pussy."

Sonya climbed up his body and straddled his lap. She felt the huge knob press against her swollen pussy until it was against her opening. Her pussy lips stretched around the thick shaft as she slowly impaled herself onto his throbbing member. She leaned forward dangling her tits in his face and began to fuck him.

Billy couldn't believe this was happening. She was the hottest fuck he had ever experienced. Sonya gasped and moaned with pleasure each time she slammed her pussy down his length. She was insatiable. His hands squeezed her full tits and pinched her swollen nipples eliciting more squeals and moans.

Billy flipped her over onto her back and pounded his cock straight down into her pussy. Sonya's fingers clawed at his back. Her heels dug into his ass cheeks. Between her screams of pleasure she was telling him to "fuck me harder" and "shove it deeper" and "fuck my cunt." Billy couldn't take it anymore. He slammed deep into her pussy and grunted. Cum exploded into her belly.

Sonya was out of control. One orgasm after another surged through her body. She could feel him pumping cum into her pussy sending her to even new heights of pleasure. He finally collapsed forward on top of her with his cock still buried deep inside her cunt. Sonya shuddered one last time still breathing hard from the experience. She could feel cum drooling out of her pussy onto the bed.

"So now, about the costumes we are going to wear."

That conversation never got very far. Billy slid up her body and fed his dripping cock between Sonya's lips. She eagerly sucked him into her mouth.

.............................................

Katie was an experienced cock sucker and could easily make a guy shoot quickly, but with Paul she wanted it to last. This would give her a chance to get off by fingering her pussy and ease the sexual tension in her belly. She slipped a hand into her shorts until her fingers parted the wet folds. Her fingertip touched her hard clit and rubbed it in circles.

As Katie's orgasm approached a strange sensation clouded her head. Feelings of lust surged through her body in a way that had never happened. Everything floated in and out of focus like she was dreaming. A person who she knew had to be herself stood and pushed down her shorts and panties. She turned around and put her hands on the rock tilting her naked ass in the air.

"Hurry Paul. Fuck me... now."

Somewhere in her subconscious Katie was trying to fight this but it was hopeless. She could not penetrate the part of her brain that was controlling her body. Paul, desperate for relief, stepped behind her and slid his cock between her two creamy ass cheeks. She felt the tip split her swollen pussy lips and press against her opening. Her body was desperate for his cock. She pushed back against him.

"Put it in. Fuck me."

These words came from her mouth despite her internal struggle. Katie knew there would be no pain. She had taken care of that a long time ago with a dildo. Suddenly he was inside her. She could feel his cock push deeper and deeper into her belly. When he hit bottom she screamed with the first of many orgasms.

Paul grabbed her hips and hammered her hard and fast. Katie was out of control screaming and gasping as one orgasm after another ripped through her body. Her knees were weak. She was fighting to keep from losing consciousness. Somewhere in the distance she heard Paul grunt and felt the warmth of his cum pumping into her pussy. Her body shook with yet another orgasm.

.............................................

"I can't believe that you let that asshole fuck you. Don't you know what he did?"

Donna was sitting on the bed across from Sonya. She had walked in on her just as Billy Bishop was filling her pussy with a second load of cum. Donna screamed at them so loudly that Billy grabbed his clothes and ran from the room. She was fuming with tears running down her cheeks.

"Yes, Donna, I know, but you said you were drunk and that you couldn't remember very much. I wouldn't have done it if I thought you would be so upset. I certainly wouldn't have agreed to go with him to the Spring Ball."

"You what? You fucking cunt. He and his friends practically raped me. How could you? I don't want to be your friend anymore."
