 Chapter 2: The Bridge

The psychologist kept talking, leaning over her desk to say something else passionately, her breasts swaying gently beneath the faded red blouse. Her full lips, red without the aid of makeup turned up in a smile and Flip found himself grinning, too, as he nodded. She nodded back, appearing pleased by his response, and began again. Her voice was sweet, but Flip didn't care at all for what she said. It was always the same old crap every single day, everywhere except in Flip's mind. It was only there that the gorgeous redhead stripped away her civilian attire to reveal a black lace bra, stretched and barely able to contain the beautiful bulging of the breasts beneath, breasts that heaved with anticipation of his touch. 

Dascha stood abruptly, still talking, the twisting motion of her torso pulling gently on the buttons of her blouse, revealing a tiny, brief glimpse that Flip couldn't have missed with his eyes closed, revealing not black lace, but a strap of white cotton meeting the top slope and covering the rest. He disregarded the image and went back to the black lace as she leaned on the corner of the desk, staring dreamily out the broad, rectangular porthole. In his mind she was saying filthy things in that soft, throaty voice, but he noticed when she suddenly began to repeat herself, her voice growing impatient. "So, Flip? What do you think?"

"Uh," Flip scratched his head, pausing to think about it. "I agree completely."

Lt. Dascha frowned. "Agree with what?"

"You know, what you were saying."

She removed her glasses, setting them on the desk. "Were you even listening to me?"

"Sure," Flip said, nodding. Suddenly he started shaking his head. "No, I guess I wasn't. what were you saying?"

"What were you thinking about?"

"Ship operations," Flip said, an automatic answer. 

Lt. Dascha shook her head ruefully. "I've never met such a hard-working crew. I know you're famous for being so focused, it's why you were chosen for this mission, but if you don't... submit to... downtime, it can put a lot of... pressure, tension building... Long, hard trip..." Flip was still fading in and out, but he barely had to use his imagination at all. She suddenly gazed at him quizzically, narrowing her eyes. "Are you thinking about ship operations again?"

"Ye-yeah," Flip managed.

The psychologist sighed as she sat in her chair again. "What about the ship systems concerns you?" she asked, leaning over her desk.

"I wouldn't say 'concern'," Flip managed a wan smile. 

"What would you say?"

"I don't know, I was just thinking about the latest specs from the--"

Dascha waved her hand, her large hazel eyes rolling. "Okay, that's enough. I can see you're very focused on your work, but how do you think the rest of the crew is holding up?"

"Um, fine, I think."

"You haven't noticed any strange behaviour from Jim or Macey?"

"Strange behaviour?" Flip repeated, blinking. "Hell, I don't know. You're the psychologist."

"What was the last contact you had with Macey, socially."

Flip moaned, rolling his eyes. "Socially? Are you kidding? I spend each day with just three other people! What is seeing them socially in a context like that? Trapped in eleven rooms of this stinking spaceship... is this a social occasion? A conversation about the results of the last planet we visited? Working out together? Fucking bowling? Tell me, please, I'd really like to know."

"You seem agitated," the psychologist commented. "I can tell you're feeling a lot of frustration right now."

"Look at you go," Flip sighed. "Sigmund fucking Freud right here."

"There's no need for foul language," Lt. Dascha admonished. "What do you think would help you ease your frustration?"

"Well it would help if you took your top off," Flip admitted, and in his mind, the only place he had said that, she accommodated eagerly. "I don't know," he sighed aloud. 

"On long space voyages, it's common to feel a great deal of sexual tension," Dascha said. "To ignore it would be completely irresponsible."

Flip looked up sharply, in surprise. He wondered intensely whether she had really said that or he had just imagined it. "What?" he asked.

Lt. Dascha pushed the stubborn lock of hair behind her ear, her face seeming to blush, but that could have been his imagination, too. "I was just saying that recreation must be kept separate from your duties. We're your crew mates, but also your friends, understand?"

"Sure," Flip nodded. "Can I go back to work now?"

"Sure," Dascha sighed. 

"Is there anything else?"

She scanned her notes with the tip of her pen and looked up with a smile. "If you could just try to relax a little. Jim and Macey are concerned you're wound a little tightly."

"Hm," Flip said, nodding. "I'll try to work on that." He stood and walked out of her office as she began to work at her notes again, allowing himself to shake his head as the door closed. He straightened his uniform over the stiffness of a slight erection and moved to return to his post, but Macey was there, blocking his way with one arm stretched across the corridor. "Do you think I'm wound too tightly, Macey?"

Macey smiled slyly, "Well let's see," she said, and put one hand on his belt to draw him nearer. 

He leaned down to kiss her, but drew back quickly, reminding himself that they were on the bridge, the command centre of the ship and the place where all corridors on the round vessel met. "Let's go to my quarters..."

Macey clicked her beautiful tongue, so close to his he could almost feel it. "That's something that a person who was wound too tightly might suggest." She pulled him closer to kiss again, one hand caressing the rapidly swelling member beneath the uniform.

"Macey," Flip glanced nervously behind him. "We can't--" 

She silenced him with one finger against his lips, placed gently and it moved slowly, stroking a gently path over his chin to the zipper at his throat. She tugged it gently down to access his buckle. "Macey..." he breathed, still glancing frantically around as she released his throbbing cock from the binds of his stiff uniform. He closed his eyes, collapsing to lean against the bulkhead as her lips came over him, her tongue pressing gently up against the bottom and swirling slowly around the tip.

"Well, well," Captain Jim Roland spoke up from next to him. Flip's eyes opened very wide, looking over to see that the good captain already had one hand resting lightly on Macey's ass, moving slowly and encouraging her motions up and down Flip's erect cock. Roland took a step forward, setting his groin behind her and she moaned eagerly, grinding against it. "What do you think, Flip?" he asked, one hand venturing to the front of the engineer's uniform as she still bent over, unzipping the front of her uniform jacket and stripped it free, revealing the drab grey uniform tank top. 

Flip couldn't answer, he couldn't even drag his eyes from the captain's hand as it pushed up and beneath Macey's top, venturing around and cupping her breast, prompting another moan and renewed vigour in her tongue's movements, sliding from the tip all the way down to tease his balls. She opened wide for him, and his cock slid in between full and eager lips, the tip resting against her throat as she tried to swallow, sucking hard and massaging gently as she cupped his balls with one hand. Flip's eyes rolled back a little, his hand fell to her head and he guided her even deeper.

Macey moaned again, drawing back to catch her breath and a long drop of saliva slid from her mouth as the captain succeeded in removing her belt. He yanked her pants free from her ass, still covered by uniform grey panties and the captain bent to one knee, putting her ass right in his face so her could remove her pants the rest of the way. Then Roland thrust his tongue toward her, testing heat and pressure through the fabric. He smiled as he found it pleasantly warm and moist, and placed a finger against it, pressing gently from the wettest spot to the swelling, throbbing clitoris. Her scream was a little muffled, her mouth stuffed with the security officer's throbbing cock. The captain leaned forward again, pushing the woman's legs apart so he could separate the cheeks of her ass around the panties and he teased the area with his tongue. 

Her knees sagged slightly, and he licked harder. Her hand came back, touching his chin briefly, caressing, before it brought the panties to the side, giving him full access. Roland moved his tongue eagerly, venturing into her pussy and up, swirling purposefully around her asshole, and he had to lean further as her knees lost strength again, Macey and Flip both moaning softly in shared ecstasy. Roland released the belt of his own uniform with one hand, the other engaged in the teasing of her twitching asshole while his tongue remained buried in her dripping wet pussy. He stood abruptly and let his huge, throbbing cock fill her, finding little resistance from the wet, gently pulsing sides of her pussy, he thrust in deeply, and she moaned loudly from around Flip's penis. Flip joined her, groaning deeply, still looking slightly nervous as he leaned further against the bulkhead. He was a little bent over, both hands inside Macey's tank top, his eyes barely open. 

The captain grinned, pushing his finger gently into her asshole, testing, teasing, removing before he reached too deep and massaging the outside. He withdrew his cock slowly, glistening and rock hard and she almost collapsed, but he held her up with one hand as he used the other to slip himself gently into her ass. She shuddered, sighing breathily as her lips came free of Flip with a moan from each of them. Roland lifted her, taking hold around her with both hands as she slid down, her asshole stretching tight around his member, and she took hold of Flip by his collar, dragging him closer to kiss him on the mouth, one hand falling to his cock to tease it gently, drawing it toward her, the heat from her pussy stiffening it further, and he inserted it slowly, timing it with a rolling thrust from the captain. 

Macey moaned her pleasure, sandwiched between the two men with two holes blissfully filled at once. Her legs were spread wide, allowing both full access, letting their cocks disappear to their full length, rubbing gently together between a thin piece of flesh inside, both beginning to pant now, lifting her higher with every thrust. The captain, slightly shorter than flip, began standing on his toes as they pounded her, her ass stretched wide and full, her pussy dripping wet and stuffed. Flip's hand ventured again to her breast and up, gripping her throat gently, and she threw her head back, moaning, her back pressed to the captain, being squeezed against her full breasts by Flip's broad chest, heart beats rapid and seeming to echoe through all of them.  

Flip climaxed first, spraying his cum deep into Macey's pussy and the sudden shuddering movement of it brought Macey to orgasm as well, jerking with wild passion on the cocks, her back arching and her head coming back to rest on Roland's shoulder. He thrust again, deeply, and finally gave in as well, and her body shook again, her ass tightening in pulses, drawing every drop from his tip greedily. He sighed, shuddering slightly as he withdrew at once with Flip. Macey moaned deeply, falling to her knees between them, semen slipping free from her ass and pussy and pooling together on the hard plastic tiles. The men replaced their pants as she got shakily to her feet and smiled at each of them before she used her own uniform to swab the deck and left clutching it to her.

"So," Flip said, a little uncomfortably. "Too wound up, you say?"

The captain chuckled, setting one hand on his shoulder while looking straight ahead. "I never said that," he assured Flip. "I heard withdrawn?"

"No, sir," Flip assured him. "I never said that."

"Well it certainly seems that our little therapist has an active imagination."

"Yes, sir," Flip agreed.

The captain nodded, glancing at him with amusement. "Maybe we'll just have to give her something else to think about."