 I can truly say Sandi Winter became a real nymphomaniac over the next few months; letting me fuck her at least twice a week after hours in the furniture shop that we worked in; and she was game for anything, and she soon developed a taste for dirty talk too. As the weeks flew past she would wear transparent tops and completely stopped wearing knickers on the days we were together; lifting her skirt whenever she got the opportunity, flashing her shaved slit and sexy stockings and suspenders. 

A couple of customers even commented on her sexy attire; with a knowing wink.

My married colleague soon developed a taste for putting on an extra special show whenever I fucked her on the plastic coated beds in the bedding department at the back of the shop and she loved me rearranging the mirrors so she could watch herself.

I have to admit fucking her doggy style; tits dangling and shaking directly in front of two or three mirrored wardrobes was pretty mind blowing; as was watching her suck my dick from several different angles.

It didn't take me long to tap her arse either; one evening she was being very vocal while I was banging her from behind when her hand slipped on the plastic cover; meaning my cock came out of her sopping cunt. As she got back on her hands and knees her legs were still spread wide apart, exposing her dripping pink cash and her puckered arse hole. Well; I'd fingered it a few times and it had always made her cum harder and louder than usual, so I thought "What the hell!" and pressed my knob against the top hole and without a word pushed it in; making her squeal like a pig.

"What the fuck?" Sandi cried, as she dug her manicured nails into the plastic, "You fucking bastard! I never said you could stick it there." 

I gave her three hard slaps across her buttocks and continued slowly pumping my dick into her bowels. Sandi, God Bless her, soon relaxed and began fingering herself as I gave her arse a good pounding. The following week she virtually begged me to 'fuck her up the arse' again! And boy; did she like the taste of spunk.

That's how it was; she was game for absolutely anything and even hinted at a threesome; knowing I'd done that a couple of times with my best mate Lloyd and some slappers we'd pick up on a Saturday night.

Now; this is the bit that I feel guilty about......even though she was the best and most adventurous fuck I'd ever had, it all became too easy and a bit boring. But I didn't know how to end it. Thankfully 'fate' played its part, when I was called to a Regional Management meeting with the shop manager. The MD confirmed some rumours that three shops were going to close; but some of the staff would be transferred around the group, including two to my shop. 

This meant we would have a full contingent of salesmen six days, meaning no more dirty 'stop backs' with Sandi. It was an odd feeling; relief and disappointment; but I knew that it was for the best in the long run.

Mrs. Winter wasn't in the shop the next day so I sent her a coded text message; so she would call me back. She burst into tears as I explained there was nothing I could do about the 'situation' and as she had insisted when our affair began; this was to be 'no strings attached' and there wasn't to be any 'going on dates or anything' this was a 'sex thing' purely and simply.

Sure enough the following week she wore trousers and a sweater for work; even though the first of the new staff wouldn't arrive for three weeks. The student had only been out the shop door ten minutes when I had my cock in her mouth! The dirty cow couldn't resist and I fucked her ragged that evening; even shoving a water bottle up her cunt while I tapped her arse -- she fucking loved it too.

Eventually the two salesmen arrived and our affair finally ended.

Three weeks later Sandi and I were having a cigarette during my lunchtime and she was virtually begging me to fuck her; as her husband hardly came near her these days and her toys weren't satisfying her the way I did. (Which was very flattering). I was coming up with excuse after excuse; which wasn't too hard as I still lived with my parents; but she suggested we could go to Lloyds flat on my day off, but I manfully resisted.

She didn't give up easily and the following day she turned up on her own day off 'coincidentally' when I was on my break. She joined me for a cigarette and began rubbing my dick through my trousers until it was stiff. With her back to the kitchen door she pulled my zip down and pulled my dick out and began tossing me off.

"Are you going to The Mojo on Saturday night?" She asked as her tiny hand stroked my stretched skin.

"Yes," I said as her finger tips played with my bell end." The Mojo was our regular club on Fridays as it was full of Mods and Soul fans; plus it sold cheap beer and the women were usually cheaper still.

"How would you feel if I came too?" Sandi purred as her strokes became tighter and faster.

"What do you mean?" I asked as my balls began to tighten.

"He has a family thing on this weekend and is taking the kids." Sandi bent forward and began wanking my cock into her mouth for a few seconds, "and I told him I have to work on Saturday -- some urgent shit; but he believed me so I'm free as a bird on Friday and Saturday night." She bent forward again and began sucking my dick as her wanking had my balls filling up and on the verge of eruption.

"So?" She asked with a mischievous smile, "Do you want to take me to the Mojo? I'll let you do anything you want afterwards?" 

"I guess." I sighed as she covered my knob with her mouth and let me cum down her throat. With a naughty wink Sandi took the last few drops onto her fingers and ran them under nose. "You have no idea how much I've missed your spunk darling."

I quickly tucked my stiff dick back into my pants and gulped in as much air as possible. "So," she confirmed licking her fingers clean, "Is it a date?" I nodded as I made my way back into the shop; getting a quizzical look from my new workmate. 

Texts were exchanged and I agreed to meet my married lover at 7.30 at a pub a few doors away from the Mojo. I was already at the bar, suited and booted, chatting to some mates when Sandi made her entrance.

She'd done her research and was wearing a black and white quartered PVC dress, black knee high boots, what I presumed were white nylons and the zip on the front of her dress was pulled down so far I thought her tits could fall out at any moment. It was no surprise that she got many admiring glances as she approached me.

I introduced her to my friends; and once inside the club the evening flew by, lots of drink was drunk and Sandi had the time of her life; dancing and flirting especially when I confirmed that we could go back to Lloyd's flat as he was game for a threesome like she'd suggested.

When the club closed at 1am it was raining very heavily so we took shelter, kissing and heavy petting in a shop doorway as Lloyd found us a taxi. 

Eventually he found us.

"There's good and bad news," he told me. "I've booked something from ABC Cabs but Tinker overheard me and 'suggested' that he and Doc shared it with us." Lloyd didn't look impressed, and nor did I, as The Brothers Grim, as they were known were local thugs who ran a garage that bought and sold cars and scooters so was popular with a lot of the group but Tinker and Doc were scruffy, thuggish and probably had a Gipsy background. We both realized that we had no choice as Tinker lived in the next street to Lloyd and crossing him when he was drunk wasn't a good idea; as I'd once seen him knock a guy out with one punch over some misunderstanding.

A few minutes later the mini-can pulled up just as the Brothers Grim appeared from around the corner. As we all piled into the 7 seater cab; I made sure Sandi sat between my friend and I but that just meant the other two sat opposite; leering at my married girlfriend; whose tits were popping out of her PVC dress; which had ridden up her legs showing her stocking tops.

"What's going on here?" Doc asked as he slowly worked out that Sandi was meant to be there. Lloyd and I maintained a dignified silence as Sandi tried to wriggle her dress back into place; which made her large boobs wobble.

"There's no need for that sweetheart." Tinker laughed, "I always need something to think about when I shag my wife in the morning." Sandi continued straightening the dress but it meant leaning forward and her tits nearly popped out.

"Fucking Hell." Tinker laughed, "She's a bit keen." Satisfied her stocking tops were no longer on show Sandi adjusted her bra cups much to Tinker's amusement. "I told you sweetheart; I need something in the memory bank....or in your case the mammary bank, so leave them on show!" He cackled at his play on words and I smiled, so as not to annoy him.

"Hang on." Doc grunted as he leaned forward and took hold of Sandi's left hand. "Fucking Hell!" He gasped as he fondled her lavish engagement ring; "She's fucking married and I don't think it's to either of these randy fuckers!"

"Fuck me!" Tinker gasped when the penny dropped; "You dirty fuckers are going to have a little party and you weren't going to invite us, were you?"

Oh Shit!

"You know how it is." I smiled and shrugged my shoulders.

"I fucking do know how it is!" the big thug laughed. "Come on sweetheart give me another look at them stocking tops." He smirked and placed his hand on Sandi's knee. Without missing a heartbeat Sandi quickly spread her legs, flashing her stocking tops and knickers then closed them again before giggling like a schoolgirl.

Both men laughed out loud and Tinker punched his friend in the shoulder. 

"Come give us a proper look; don't be shy." Tinker told her as he adjusted his obviously swelling dick.

Sandi slowly spread her legs again; so much so I had to move my leg, to allow her enough space.

"You dirty fucker!" Tinker cackled as he rubbed his groin, "No wonder it's going to take these two dogs to fuck you!"

Still with her legs apart and her PVC dress now riding high around her thighs, Sandi pulled the zip further down and shook her boobs for them; then pulled it up again; giggling uncontrollably now.

"What do you think?" Tinker turned to Doc, "Should we join the party?" 

Oh double shit! I wanted to say 'no way' but the twinkle in his eyes told me I would have little choice in the matter.

"It would be rude not to." His ugly mate leered at Sandi; then across at me and Lloyd. "Are you okay with that Darling?" Doc leaned forward and tugged at her suspender strap.

"The more the merrier!" Sandi chortled; then stroked my dick as Doc's hand briefly touched her white nylon panties.

Within a minute the taxi pulled up outside Lloyd's block of flats and he stepped out first. As he made his way to the front door he was followed by Doc and Tinker who were already groping a giggling Mrs. Winter, leaving me to pay the fare.

After paying the driver I turned to see Tinker had Sandi pressed up against the wall with her dress around her waist so anyone could see that he was brazenly fingering her in public with his face buried between her tits.

Lloyd eventually opened the door and we made our way up the two flights of stairs with Sandi sandwiched between Doc and Tinker who kept grabbing at the hem and the zipper of her dress which was soon down to her navel.

I wasn't even through the flat door when Tinker was pulling her dress over her head and flinging it into the corner.

"Put some music on son." Doc called out; then turned to Lloyd, "have you got any drink?" 

I quickly put a CD on and as Lloyd produced some bottles of beer; Sandi was doing a drunken lapdance for the Brothers Grim who were sitting on the small sofa. Even though things weren't going according to plan; and I was a bit jealous; watching my married colleague gyrate in her sexy white underwear was quickly becoming a turn on.

I stood next to a table as Sandi turned away from Tinker and wiggled her arse in his face as her barely encased tits swung from side to side like two ripe melons.

After nudging his mate, Tinker spanked her arse; making Sandi yelp; but she didn't move away; so Doc did the same, before sliding his hand between her legs and rubbing her pussy.

"Fucking Hell Tink!" He howled, "Get a feel of her twat; it's fucking sopping." The second man slid his hand alongside his pals and they both had a good rough feel of her pussy through her tiny knickers as Sandi remained bent double for them; holding her ankles so as not to tumble.

Satisfied my married friend was more than a willing partner, both men slapped her arse again; before Tinker told her to 'get stripped; as he didn't have much time'.

Sandi stood up and as sexily as possible removed her bra, shaking her large tits for the group as she threw it to me, then wriggled out of her knickers, which she threw to Lloyd and then raised her hands in the air so Tinker and Doc could admire her sexy body.

Tinker and Doc stood up and flung their shirts onto the floor then pulled their jeans and pants down; nearly falling over as they got caught around their ankles because they hadn't removed their trainers.

When they finally disrobed they looked up to see Sandi pulling my trousers down and caressing my dick as I stroked her luscious tits. 

"Never mind him darling," Tinker laughed; "He's got all night to fuck you; get over here and take care of this!" Sandi turned and gasped.

Both men's hairy arms and chests were covered in tattoos and they were both sporting rather large paunches but even I was surprised at the size of their cocks that were both standing to attention. Doc was about the same length as mine but thicker and Tinker must have had eight inches swinging there and it was hairy and gnarled with a bright purple knob.

She was soon standing between the older two men rubbing their cocks as they roughly played with her tits and groped her arse as they fingered her.

Lloyd caught my attention and nodded downwards where my own cock was sticking out like a broom-shank. I shrugged my shoulders and smiled; before stripping off to join the party. By the time Lloyd and I were naked Sandi was on her knees sucking Doc as she playfully wanked Tinker who was grinning like a Cheshire Cat.

"Did you know she was this fucking dirty?" Tinker asked me.

"I had a pretty good idea." I responded with a wink. Sandi changed cocks and while she was gobbling Tinker, he waved us over. Within seconds Sandi was going from cock to cock; licking and sucking all four as she rubbed our balls and cocks as we grabbed at her heaving tits.

"Get on the sofa!" Tinker finally decided, "I need to empty my bollocks." I helped Sandi to her feet and before flopping onto the sofa she adjusted her stockings and suspender belt. As soon as she lay on the sofa the married woman eagerly parted her stocking clad legs in readiness for Tinker's long cock which was swinging beneath his belly as the bear of a man positioned himself above her tiny body. With her eyes like saucers in anticipation of what was to come Sandi grabbed his swinging dick and guided it towards her bald twat while Tinker steadied himself by grabbing the arm of the sofa. 

When his fat purple knob parted her pussy lips Sandi let out a long sexy sigh and gasped, "Oh shit; that feels fucking good!" 

Tinker looked at me with a smug smile on his face.

"Oh yes...oh yes!" Sandi panted as Tinker frantically fucked her as she tried to wrap her legs around his waist. The scene in front of me was now so sexy I couldn't stop myself tugging on my cock like the other two next to me. 

After a minute or so Tinker slowed down and as he gulped a lungful of air he called to Doc.

"Get over here and stick your dick in her fucking gob!" I laughed as the greasy car mechanic quickly moved forward and did just that; achieving Sandi's fantasy of sucking a cock while getting fucked (only it wasn't me and Lloyd as she and I'd hoped).

After another couple of minutes of wild fucking while Doc forced his cock into Sandi's throat, Tinker froze for an instant before unloading his hairy balls deep into Sandi's cunt. In seconds his arms began shaking, so he rolled off her making a 'plop' sound as he pulled his cock out. Appearing not to notice, Sandi continued to greedily suck Doc's cock which was now balls deep into her throat.

"Do one of you want to take over?" Tinker gulped in more air; as he fumbled for his beer bottle, "I need a fucking drink, before I go in for round two." 

Ever the gentleman I nodded to Lloyd who didn't care about 'sloppy seconds' and was in there like a rat up a drainpipe. Lloyd immediately pulled one of her legs onto his shoulder then slid his long cock into her already spunk filled cunt. Sandi's eyes were now glazed over and her normally pristine make-up and lipstick were smudged as panted her new Mantra "Oh fuck....oh fuck," over and over again as she ferociously wanked Doc until he splattered her wobbly tits with thick chunks of cum as Lloyd hammered her married cunt. 

"Bend her over." Tinker laughed, "I bet she likes doggy style. Does she?" He looked at me. I nodded.

Lloyd pulled his glistening cock out and without question Sandi turned over, raised herself onto all fours before resting her arms on the side of the sofa, allowing her tits to dangle as she spread her stocking clad legs wide apart.

Tinker looked at me and waved me forward as Lloyd moved in front of my married girlfriend and slowly fed his cunt flavoured cock into her mouth; which she greedily accepted. I stood behind her, admiring a view I'd seen many times over the last few months; but never with another man's jizz dripping out of her well fucked cunt and another man looking back at me. I raised my eyebrows and grinned at my best friend who did the same before cupping the back of her head as Sandi licked his dick like a stick of Blackpool candyrock. Not for the first time, I spread her arse cheeks and had a choice to make slid my long cock up her hot spunky cunt or her cute arsehole; which was also nice and greasy from Tinker's left over spunk. With my cock rubbing against her hot cunt I pushed my thumb into her arse which made her yelp and turn her head to look at me over her shoulder. "Oh yes, baby." She giggled as she rubbed my mate's cock across her pretty face; "fuck my arse."

Well; being a gentleman I obliged the lady and easily pushed my cock deep into her bowels; making her grunt animalistic noises until my balls bounced against her pussy flaps. Sandi soon acclimatized and I began fucking her arse in earnest as Lloyd stuffed his cock back in her mouth; as Tinker decided to give us a running commentary as his fat cock began to spring back into life.

As I slid my cock in and out of her arsehole I ben spanking her arse like the Brothers Grim had done earlier. Surprisingly enough; Sandi began rolling her hips and pushing back harder with each thrust; the harder I slapped her arse.

Lloyd, winked and with one hand keeping her head in place as he fucked her face he slapped her tits and squeezed her nipples with the other. Sandi was now snorting through her nose as she rested on her shoulder so she could slide her hand between her legs and finger her clitty as I banged her arse like a man possessed.

Tinker was now standing right next to me and staring wide eyed at the scene before him.

"Want a pop at her arse?" I huskily asked him; as my breathing was becoming quite shallow.

"Too fucking right I do!" He laughed. "But I'm fucking knackered."

"Let her loose for a minute." I grunted to Lloyd and whipped my dick out of her arse; making her fart as the muscles contracted. "Get up Sandi; I've got an idea."

Sandi Winter submissively stood up and with her eyes like saucers and nipples looking like they might explode; she pulled her stockings up again and reattached a suspender clip that had come loose.
