 As Angie, Anna, Selena and Lena crossed the park, heading to town for their regular Thursday night out, they passed a bench, and its' occupant attracted Selena's attention. He was around middle aged, dressed in black, nothing too strange about that, but his hat caught her attention, as did the fact that he was writing furiously on a pad. His eyes appeared almost vacant as he concentrated. She nudged Lena, and looked conspiratorially in the direction of the unusual seeming man. Lena nodded, and she moved behind him, peering over is shoulder to see what he was writing. As she read her eyes went wide, and her bottom jaw slightly dropped.

"Wow!" She mouthed, and pointed down at the pad. The others joined her, and they to began to scan the text. Gripping one another's arms, they moved a small way distant, laughing.

"Well, what do you make of that?" Serena smiled at the others.

"Wow, hot." Anna answered her, and the other two women nodded their agreement.

Looking from one to the other, Angie asked what they thought they should do.

"Well I for one wouldn't mind reading a little more of that." this coming from Lena. The others nodded, and they moved to encircle the man on the park bench. Anna coughed. There was no response. She coughed slightly louder, and the man looked up. His eyes came into focus as he moved from one face to the other, and then back around the circle.

"Good evening ladies, can I help you?" He asked then in a deep concise voice. Educated Angie thought.

"Well" Selena started, "I... we that is, couldn't help but notice you were writing, and well, sorry I was nosy and looked over you shoulder whilst you were engrossed."

He placed his hand over his writing pad.

"Yes?" He asked, moving his eyes slowly down to her chest then up again. He smiled slightly. Selena blushed.

"Hmm, sorry, yes we all looked, and to be honest thought, Wow! Any chance we could read some more?"

Patting the bench either side of him, he invited them to sit. Anna and Selena did so, while Angie and Lena moved to the rear of the bench to read over his shoulders. He closed his pad, and then opened it again at the first page.

*

The women read as he turned the pages at their request. They started to fidget and move slightly, as the contents started to have the desired effect.

"Where do you come up with the ideas?" Angie asked him.

"I write what I know." Was the simple answer he gave her as he glanced in her direction.

"You did all of that with one woman?" He nodded. "Mmmm lucky girl." She laughed.

"Yeah right." Lena placed a hand on his shoulder, and he looked up.

"It doesn't matter if you believe me or not, I have nothing to prove, and it was you who asked to read my writings." 

"I'd like to see you try." Lena continued.

"Only see?" He replied, and she blushed slightly, as she turned her head aside.

Selena's interest had been tweaked, and she did have an interesting idea of fun.

"OK then, if all of us would like to have you, then how would you choose?"

Rather than be embarrassed, as she had expected, he answered with a question.

"Which of you ladies like to receive oral sex?" They all somewhat nervously raised their hands, giggling slightly.

"Which of you like to give oral sex?" All hands rose again, but Angie's only slightly.

"Which of you ladies LOVE to give oral sex?" Selena, Anna and Lena raised their hands.

"And who has all night?"

"All night?" Lena asked, theptch of her voice rising. The man nodded.

"One after the other?" Selena asked. This time he shook his head. The women looked at each other, then back to him as he asked.

"Who are the 'closest' friends?"

The women move their heads close together to confer, before Anna took one of his hands, and Lena the other. They lead him back across the park to Anna's apartment.

"Drink?" 

"Thank you?" He took the offered glass of wine and placed it on the table beside his chair. Anna sat beside Lena on the sofa, and asked. "Well?"

"Well what?" He replied, leaning slightly forward toward them.

"Well we haven't done anything like this before," she looked to Lena, who nodded her head in agreement, "so what now?"

"How stupid of me. Of course." He slipped off his shoes, removed his glasses and jacket, and began to rise from the chair.

As he did so they get up from the sofa and stood facing him, uncertain of exactly what was to come.

"Perhaps the bedroom?" He suggested, and Anna led the way through the door at the rear of the room.

Once inside they turned and stood in front of him, waiting. He moved towards the blond haired Anna. Her hair was long, and hung in waves over her shoulders, partly covering her large round breasts. Her waist though not narrow, was firm, and her hips were nicely rounded. Her dress was a halter neck, which highlighted the curves of her shoulders. He reached up, his hands going behind her to the nape of her neck, where he undid the bow, which held the top in place. Taking one end in each hand, he slowly lowered them, exposing the white flesh of her breasts and light pink nipples as he did. He let go the ends, so that they fell down the front of her legs. Leaning in to her, his lips lightly brush hers, as his hands gently explore her breasts. "Mmmm." She moaned softly.

His arms circled her waist to unzip her dress, which then fell to the floor, bunching around her ankles. She kicked it clear. She wore no panties, and he gazed upon her close cropped fair pubic hair. Close cropped yet still slightly curly. He ran his fingers slowly up the soft downy mound, and she gently moaned once more.

"We don't even know your name." She moaned.

"Does it matter?" She shook her head. 

"I promise you will know it before I leave." He turned to face Lena, whose tongue slipped between her dry lips, swirling to moisten them.

Slightly shorter, and slimmer than her friend, Lena had dark shoulder length hair, which curled at the end. Her bright eyes shone a light blue. Her shirt was unbuttoned, and he slipped it back over her shoulders. It slid down her arms, before falling to the carpet. Under it she wore a thin T-shirt, which he slowly, and deliberately pulled off over her head, exposing a sheer see-through white lace bra. He dropped the shirt to the floor, gazing at the flesh of her cleavage, and the dark nipples, which pushed at the thin constraining material. He reached around her back, and undid the clasp, letting the straps slide down her arms, and the bra join her shirt on the ground at her feet. Her nipples jutted hard form the white flesh of her pert breasts, and his thumbs circled on the tips as he softly kissed her.

He ran his hands tenderly down her hips, angling in over her flat stomach towards the button of her jeans. With his thumb me flicked it undone and slowly began lowering the zip. A first glimpse of her matching panties was revealed, as he drew the zipper fully down. He reached inside, placing his hands on her hips, before kneeling, and slowly moving them down, pulling her jeans down her legs as he did so. As thy cleared her hips, he could see her clean shaven pussy through the tight fitting material. He moaned softly, and wetted his lips, showing them his long wet tongue. He bent down and helped her step from her trousers.

As he raised once more to his knees, he stroked up the outside of Lena's thighs, his right hand angling inwards as it neared the top. He stroked one finger softly up her slit through her moist panties. 

"Mmm." She let out a small moan, as much in anticipation of what was to come, as at the feel of his tender caress. He slipped his hand inside the string waistband of her panties, and eased them down over her hips. 

Lower and lower, he slowly slid them down her legs. She kicked them clear. As he raised his head he looked up and smiled. Lena gave him an impish grin in return. The tips of his fingers began to gently caress up the outside of her legs. He extended his tongue and licked slowly, gently up the soft flesh of her pussy, the tip probing, teasing, towards her clit. As his tongue licked over her she moaned even louder and gripped his head, shocks seeming to shoot gently from between her legs. 

"Mmmm." The writer moaned at his first taste of her sweet juices on his tongue.

He rose to his feet, and with both hands gesturing down the front of his body he asked. "Well?"

As Lena stepped forward, and started to unbutton his black shirt, Anna fumbled with his belt and the button of his trousers. Lena's lips met his, and she kissed him firmly, sliding her hot tongue snake-like into his mouth as she slid the now unfastened shirt back over his shoulders. She noticed his mouth was fresh, and tasted slightly of apples, and she pushed his shirt down over his hands. It fell to the floor behind him.

Having undone his belt and button, Anna pulled his trousers, and the underwear he wore beneath, down as one, eager to see what she knew she would enjoy later. His cock sprang clear to stand hard and erect in front of her face, the tip shining in the light cast by the bedside lamp. 

"Mmmm yess." She pulled his clothes down, and off under his feet before rising and licking her tongue slowly up his length. 

"Oohh yes." He moaned as she bent her head forward to take him into her hot wet mouth. She wrapped her fingers around his cock, and started to pull, as she licked and sucked, but he gently drew her clear.

"Later." He smiled at her as he motioned them towards the bed, gesturing them to move up until their calves hung from the side of the bed. He stood between them, gently pushing their calves so they lay there, knees bent, their pussy's exposed to his appreciative gaze.

He drew his hands up the inside of their calves, and more slowly up their inner thighs, to rest the right on Anna's soft furred, blond pussy, and the left on Lena's smooth soft flesh. They began to moan as he started to stroke his fingers up and down.

Up and down..... up and down...., the ladies getting hotter and wetter at his touch. Up and down, up and down, stroking, circling and rubbing their swollen clits. Up and down, up and down, easing their now swollen lips slightly apart. 

He stroked upwards and pushed a finger hard into both Lena's and Anna's now hot wet pussys. 

"Aah!! Mmm." They groan as they feel his finger circle inside them, stroking at their inner walls. They moan and groan, as he slides a second finger inside and thrusts them deeply. In and out, in and out, his movements becoming harder and faster. In and out, in and out, harder, faster his fingers slide easily in and out as the lay back writhing and moaning, their heads shaking from side to side, their tits swaying, the hard nipples jutting proud. His cock is hard and throbbing, eager to be used. Lena reaches up and wraps her fingers around it and squeezes hard.

"Yeees!" The writer almost yells at the pleasure of her touch.

"Oooh Yess" As she starts to stroke him, pulling up and down, up and down Her movements slow, but firm. 

He slowed his fingering of Lena, and removed his fingers from Anna before removing Lena's hand from his cock and stepping sideways. He lowered himself, and knelt between Anna's legs. Lowering his head fast, he thrust his long tongue deep inside her. He sighed at her taste upon his tongue, and Anna felt his hot breath inside her. 

"Oooh!" She moaned, her body writhing as he pushed his tongue in, then drew it out, licking her juices into his mouth, savouring them on his tongue, before letting them slide down his throat. His fingers still moved easily in and out of Lena's pussy, her juices coating them.

He raised his right hand, to once more slide a finger inside Anna, and moved to kneel now between Lena's legs. She gasped as his tongue entered her, sucking hard at her pussy. Up and down, in and out he moved his tongue, licking and sucking as she screamed slightly.

In and out, in and out, pushing deeper, licking harder. In and out in and out, sucking, licking. He sucked hard on her swollen clit.

"Aaah!! Yess Yess!" She screamed as orgasm took her, seeming to send electric shocks outward from her clit, her pussy, up her stomach to tingle and further excite her stiff nipples. Her thighs clasped his head in a vice like grip, and he moaned with pleasure, her juices rolling down his chin. He wiped it with his fingers before licking them clean. 

"Mmm." He sighed at the sweet taste.

Lena's gently pushed his head clear as her orgasm began to subside. He moved, to Anna once more, now stroking, probing the soft wet flesh between her legs. His carressing stopped. Grasping her waist, he helped her ease further up the bed, her head now resting on a cushion at its head. He climbed to the bed and knelt between her legs. 

Reached up he squeezed her lush breasts, with their hard pink nipples jutting from her soft white flesh. He squeezed and caressed them, toying at her nipples, pinching, squeezing, twisting. Anna's eyes were closed as she moaned, lost in her own personal pleasure.

He leant forward, placing one hand either side of her, and lowered his hips, before easily sliding his throbbing cock into her wet and eager pussy. He drove home hard, taking his weight on his straight arms, and looked down on her face. Her eyes closed, her lips slightly parted, 

"Aaah." She let out a soft groan.

As he eased his length slowly in and out, Lena slid further up the bed, and lent over to kiss Anna gently on her lips. Anna's eyes opened, and she smiled up, before extending her tongue to lick at Lena's moist lips. Their tongues twirled around each other as the writer continued to slide effortlessly in and out of Anna's hot wet pussy, her juices spilling down over his balls. As he moved his hips backwards and forwards between her legs, his rhythm became faster, harder more urgent.

Their tongues licked each other's lips, their lips met, parting as tongues moved backwards and forwards, licking and gently sucking. Lena's right hand squeezed at Anna's left breast before seeking the stiff nipples. She pinched gently as she broke the kiss, savouring the sight of those large firm tits. She bent beneath his arm and sucked greedily at the right breast drawing the nipple and flesh deeply into her hot mouth. She sucked as his cock moved faster and harder in and out of her friend's pussy.

In, out....in....out....in....out, he fucked her harder and faster as Lena sucked and squeezed at her tits, her nipple now so hard they almost ached. In...out....in....out, his hips moved backwards and forwards, her legs now crossed over his waist to take him still deeper inside her. In....out...in....out....in..... 

"Aaah!!" His hot seed spurted into her. Once, twice, three times as he pushed hard against her. She arched her back and yelled as shocks and tremors spread outwards from her clit, through her pussy, and to her stiff jutting nipples. Her whole body tingled, as her senses reeled, and she became lost in her orgasm.

They lay on the bed relaxing, regaining their strength, his arms around their shoulders, as they rested hands on his chest. The pillows beneath their heads were soft, and they started to doze, Anna soon falling into a light sleep. Lena's hand circled slowly and gently on his chest, She stroked down to his stomach, then using her fingertips, up and down, and gently circling. She moved her hand lower, stroking at his curly wiry hair, her eyes now fixed on his cock lying limply against his thigh. She wanted to feel his length inside her, feel him fuck her as he had Anna. She began to stroke it gently. 

Using her thumb and forefinger she slowly drew his skin back, then up, back then up, encouraging, coaxing him hard again. His cock began to swell and stiffen at her touch. 

She lifted her head from the pillow, still staring down between his legs, transfixed as her hand continued to stroke. Her mouth moved slowly down, slowly, slowly, before sucking him inside. She wrapped her tongue around his length and licked and sucked as her hand continues to stroke him. His cock swells even more in her mouth, larger, larger as she continues to stroke and suck. 

"Hmm In her mouth?" She thought, torn between you longing to make him come in her mouth and taste his cum on her tongue, before letting it slide down her throat. 

"Inside me?" To feel his thick long length moving in and out of her pussy, fucking her. He pushed her head gently clear.

"Is that all you want?" He asked. She hesitated briefly, and then shook her head.

"I thought not." And her turned her face down over the bed, her knees resting on the floor. 

Rising to his feet, he stood beside her and SLAP, his hand smacked against her buttock.

"Oww!" Lena experienced a mixture of surprise tinged with pleasure.

SLAP....SLAP....SLAP...his hand slapped down across her firm arse, not hard, but stimulating, exciting. Her muscles contracted with each blow and she moaned, at the pain stimulated pleasure within her. Her juices began to run hotly from her pussy, flowing down the inside of her thighs.

SMACK, SMACK. He positioned himself behind her, his hands gripping her slender waist. Reaching back between her legs she eagerly gripped hard at his cock, pulling him closer, before guiding it in to her wet waiting pussy. He eased in slowly, then out, then in, then out, before thrusting his hips hard, burying himself as deep inside her as he could. She felt his balls smack against the bottom of her arse. Her head jerked back. 

"Aaaaahh!! " She let out a groan at the feel of his hard flesh filling her.

Woken by the first sound of flesh on flesh. Anna watched in wonderment at her friend's reaction to her treatment. Yes she had screamed, but not in pain as she feared, but in deepest sexual pleasure. Now he was riding her hard and fast, his hips pistoning backwards and forwards, his cock fucking her harder and harder. Lena was moaning, groaning, at the sheer animal lust of their coupling. No tenderness, only hard primal sex as he pulled back on her hips harder and harder, his member driving long and hard in and out, in and out. He reached down, grabbing her hair, and pulling back her head. He leant and bit the side of her neck, and again she screamed with pleasure. In and out, in and out, his hands gripped her shoulders, before his nails racked down her back, leaving scratches in their wake. Orgasm after orgasm seemed to send shock waves through Lena, and sweat glistened on her flesh. 

Grabbing her hips once more, he drew back his own before sending them powerfully forward. He raised his head, and seemed to howl as he came, jerking and spurting inside her. Once, twice, three times he thrust home, before collapsing over her back, spent. He gently nibbled at her neck, and her hand came round to stroke gently at the side of his head, and they lay there moaning and sighing, as their shared animal passion subsided. 

He was woken from a light doze by the sound of running water. Lena was still asleep next to him making small snuffling noises, but Anna had gone. He got up from the bed, and walked out through the door. The noise was louder here, more distinct. It was the sound of a shower flowing. He saw light coming from a door which stood slightly ajar, and he eased it open before passing through.

Anna stood under the steaming water, soapsuds covering he ample breasts, and running down over her stomach, to vanish from his sight, between her legs.

"Sorry did I wake you?" She asked by way of apology. "It's just that I was hot and wanted to freshen up a bit."

"No not at all, I sleep lightly, and even then I don't tend to sleep much."

She glanced down below his waist. "So I see." She laughed.

"May I join you, I feel a bit hot and sticky myself. Perhaps I could help with your back?"

"Mmm to start with." She said beneath her breath, and then more loudly. "Yes please do, there are some places it's hard to reach."
