 This story is continued from Delhi Nights -Match Day I. You'll need to read that story first for this to make sense. 

***** 

MATCH DAY II: ALL BETS ARE OFF 

Watching the men lusting for his wife, Vikram's hands came up to palm her breasts, fingers squeezing. Kneading. Moaning softly, she arched her back, her breasts with their hard nipples in lewd display for the six men frozen in rapt attention. 

What had started as a simple match day gathering had turned into a living fantasy. 

"Ok guys, here's the deal," Vikram announced, his hands still massaging her firm mounds. "I think we know where this is going. But, if she tells you to stop doing something, you stop. This is your babhi. Treat her nice." He looked around the room to make sure they understood and then told the men to clear the large settee before leading his wife to it. 

They had made love on the settee plenty of times before, just never in front of an audience. She lay down, looking up at him with eyes ablaze with libidinous need. He helped her shift up a little, so that it would be easier to enter her from either end. As he guided her into position she spread her legs, dropping one leg off the settee. Her pussy, dark and wet, glistened from within the neatly groomed black tufts. Vikram took in a breath of her sex - sweetly pungent with desire. His cock throbbed at the scent. 

Once she was settled, Vikram removed his clothes. His hard cock sprang free, the purple, engorged head shining with pre-cum. Sonali reached for him and wrapped her fingers around his shaft as he came to stand beside her. She tugged greedily as she used the other hand to caress his lower back. She stared at his cock, heated breaths slipping past her parted lips. 

The bulbous head approached as her strokes peeled back the dark foreskin. Her tongue darted out, licking at the pre-cum. He set the tip against her lips, leaned forward, and pushed the head past them into her mouth. Her lips followed its contours, hugging it tightly. Slowly, the rest of his manhood followed as her lips remained locked around it. The hand on his back pulled him to her greedily. His hips pressed forward in unneeded encouragement. Reveling in the sensation of her suckling mouth, he held himself steady and gazed down at his wife. She lay splayed across the settee, eyes closed, her body radiating need. With every move of her mouth, her breasts quivered ever so slightly. 

In his peripheral vision he saw the others approach. A hand appeared and reached out - Harinder's from the steel bracelet on the wrist - and covered one of her breasts. 

"Mmm," she mewed in her throat as Harinder's fingers squeezed her full mound. 

Gaurev's hand soon covered her other breast, as he leaned over the back of the settee, eliciting another whimper. 

Rahul approached from the other side. Kneeling between her legs, he traced his fingers down her bare thighs. Another whimper. Then, Rahul slipped his arms under her limbs and slid them onto his broad shoulders. At the center of her inflamed sex, her pink lips were slippery wet and starting to flower open in invitation. Her swollen clit poked out from under its hood. Rahul leaned in. His tongue darted out to lap at her pussy. 

She whimpered, her body shuddering. She took Vikram's cock deeper into her mouth. It throbbed against her tongue. 

Watching his friends playing with her, Vikram felt his lust surge. A new song began and his strokes into her mouth fell into natural rhythm with the beat. His cock danced with her mouth. 

Zara zara touch me, touch me, touch me 

Zara zara kiss me, kiss me, kiss me 

Zara zara hold me, hold me, hold me 

Zara zara ... 

He drew his hips back, withdrawing his cock until only the head remained within her mouth's wet embrace. He pushed forward again, sliding himself back deeper into her mouth. He pulled back. Slid forward. 

Bin tere sanam iss jahan mein, bekraar hum dam da dam da dam 

Back. Forward. 

Bin tere sanam iss jahan mein bekraar hum 

Back. Forward. 

His thick shaft slowly pumped in and out of her mouth, now both her hands on his ass urging him on. 

Harinder and Gaurev each manipulated her breasts, making them bulge and flow fluidly under their tensing fingers. Every few seconds one or the other would take a nipple between thumb and forefinger and give it a tweak, sometimes gently, sometimes not. Then they'd cover the breast, palm flattening the swollen nipple under it, fingers squeezing her flesh. 

Between her legs, Rahul licked her pussy, his tongue slithering up and down her slit, rolling over her clit again and again. And each time he brushed against her button she moaned around Vikram's shaft. 

"Hai Ram, you are so beautiful, babhi" Gaurev moaned. He released her breast for a moment to peel off his t-shirt, revealing his toned torso. Meanwhile, Harinder kneeled down, cupped her breast to steady it, and then took her nipple into his mouth. The breast disappeared behind his heavy beard. She arched her back as he suckled and nipped at it. Her hand jerked away from Vikram's ass to grab the back of Harinder's head and force him harder onto her aching breast. 

"Oh yea, you like that don't you!" Vikram growled, the pace of his rocking hips building. 

Another moan in response. 

Behind, Rahul still had his head buried between her legs, his tongue diving and tasting her juices. He lapped at her clit. As he continued to taste her sex, he brought two fingers to her opening, caressing the soft folds of flesh before sliding them into her. 

Sonali moaned and writhed, her body quivering. 

Someone had turned the television off, the eroticism of her moans and whimpers music enough. 

Vikram watched his cock sliding in and out of her mouth as his friends groped and pleasured her. He watched her body responding, her muscles shuddering and her glistening flesh trembling. 

In and out of her mouth his cock slid. Back and forth it glided along her lips. 

In and out. 

In. 

Out. 

Gaurev had stripped out of his clothes. His hard cock thrust straight in the air, the foreskin completely peeled back. He joined Harinder to take her free breast into his mouth. His other hand fell on her belly, caressing the warm, quivering flesh from navel to pelvis. The two men continued to lick and suck on her nipples, making her shiver. Then, Harinder rose and started to strip. His turban, long disheveled, he let unwind and fall to the ground, his hair remaining in a loose bun. He pulled off his kurta to reveal a hairy barrel chest. Pants and underwear. Engorged, his cock was thick and heavy, a mass of meat. 

"Hai, mere jaan. Mere jaan. Sonali. Sonali." Vikram moaned. 

Mewling around her husband's pistoning cock, Sonali reached out and blindly groped for Harinder's cock. He took her hand and helped her wrap her fingers around his thick member. The veins pulsated under her grip. Her body quivered from their ministrations. 

His fingers massaging the folds of her opening, Rahul set his mouth directly on her swollen clit to lap and press at the engorged button with his tongue. She whimpered almost immediately, her muscles starting to clench, her fingers tightening around Harinder's shaft, too lost in her own pleasure to do much more. The Punjabi grunted in pleasure. 

"Sonali," Vikram purred, recognized the signs of her approaching climax. 

Purring around the cock fucking her mouth, Sonali's back slowly arched up off the settee, feeding herself to Gaurev's suckling mouth. She continued to arch up, her legs now pushing down around Rahul's back, pulling him into her. Rahul moved his hands under her to brace her. Her sex pushed into his face. Sonali's nearing orgasm caused her muscles to clench and her neck to bend back, straining to keep her husband's cock in her mouth. Vikram continued to pump into her mouth. 

Harinder looked down at her. Gaurev raised his head from her breast, watching her. She was lust personified. Every fantasy come to life. 

Then, the pressure burst as the orgasm exploded through her. Whimpers turned into grunts. Quivers became spasms. With her body bent into the air, she writhed and twisted as waves of pleasure coursed through every nerve and fiber. Her eyes were closed tightly, her features contorting with the ecstasy rolling through her while her mouth opened in a guttural moan of pleasure. Vikram's let his cock slip out. 

"Bhabhi, she's ... wow." Karan groaned. He held his cock in his hand, slowly stroking it. 

Sonali continued writhing through the explosive orgasm. Under a sheen of sweat her light brown flesh trembled, her belly quivering spastically. It was the most erotic tableau Vikram had ever seen. Eventually, as her orgasm subsided, her body relaxed, settling back to the settee. Loose strands of her hair hung over the settee's edge, a few sticking to the light coating of sweat upon her cheek and forehead. She trembled through a couple of aftershocks before reaching for her husband's cock again. Smiling at him, she began to stroke it. 

Harinder and Gaurev, overwhelmed, stepped back to watch the scene. Meanwhile, after lapping at her orgasmic juices, Rahul pulled away. He laid her legs down. Weakened by their treatment, she lay limply on the settee. The others watched patiently, stroking their cocks, as Rahul stripped off his clothes. Vikram had known him the longest and he couldn't help but compare himself to his closest friend. His lithe frame was all corded muscles, his cock a long hard shaft ending in the bruised head of his glans. It quivered in anticipation. 

Rahul set the tip of his cock at her entrance and gently rubbed it up and down, slathering the head with her juices. Sonali's hips rolled in invitation and she spread her legs just a little. She looked up at her husband and tugged at his cock, taking the head back into her mouth. Her tongue flicked the slit. Licked at the undershaft. 

Rahul slowly, gently, moved his hips, his cock sliding - disappearing - between her legs. Her pussy lips wrapped around the shaft as he pressed forward, coating it with her juices. 

Watching another man's cock - his friend's cock - entering his wife was too much for him. Vikram came to the edge of his own orgasm. Pulling his wife's hand away from his shaft, he thrust deeper into her mouth. He pumped into her mouth. 

Fucked her mouth. 

Sonali took her breasts in her hands. Looking up at her husband with heavy eyes, she began to knead them. She tweaked the hard nipples. Pinching. Pulling. 

Rahul pulled back, popping his cock free before thrusting it into her pussy. As he pressed forward again, Sonali lifted her hips, sliding herself onto his shaft. He increased his tempo, thrusting into her hard and fast, their glistening pubic hair mingling as he ground down into her. 

"Oh God, Vikram. She feels so good," Rahul sighed heavily. A sheen of sweat coated his torso. 

Vikram stared at the space between his wife's leg. At his wife lying before him, legs spread wide as another man buried his cock deep inside her pussy. He stared at her glistening body. It brought his lust roaring with an urgency. His climax boiling up from deep inside. 

"Hai Jaan! Sonali. I'm coming!" he groaned, his hips rocking faster and faster. "Just take it. Just take it!" 

Vikram pumped himself at her. Once. Twice. Three times. Then he froze, his hips jutting forward as his cock unleashed his semen. Her eyes locked on her husband, she swallowed the hot liquid. After a final spurt, Vikram held himself in her mouth with a sigh of relief. She suckled on his softening member, milking the last drops from him. 

"Ooh," she purred, pulling her mouth off Vikram's now-limp member. 

Rahul, understanding her need to focus, had stopped moving, leaving his shaft buried inside her. Starting again, Rahul pulled back, removing most of his cock before sliding forward again. He started to slowly pump himself in and out of her pussy, working into a rhythm. 

"Yes. Oh God, yes." she purred over and over as his full length pistoned her pussy. 

As Vikram settled onto his chair to watch, Harinder took his place before Sonali. Karan and Vinod came closer, each of them holding their own stiff cocks. Sonali looked at her husband's friends surrounding her. She took Harinder's thick member into her hand again, while reaching out to take Karan's in the other. She tugged on them. Karan's was smaller than Harinder's, but he vainly shaved his pubic area, leaving it soft and clean so the shaft looked long and potent. Vinod, stroking his cock with one hand, took a breast with the other. 

Stroking the two cocks, Sonali's hips rocked with Rahul's thrusts, matching his rhythm. Her breasts swayed under the hands manipulating them. 

Vikram couldn't help but appraise his friends. They were all handsome men in their own right - former athletes who had tried to keep in shape. And, as with Rahul, he measured himself against them. The only one who gave him pause - a flash of inadequacy - was Harinder. The burly Punjabi had a thick and heavy shaft and Vikram even wondered how Sonali would handle the monstrous size. 

For the next few minutes, the action at the settee continued - her swollen breasts molested; two throbbing cocks stroked. As Rahul's cock stuffed her pussy again and again, her hips rose up to meet his thrusts. She purred and whimpered. Her back arched and she sucked in her sweat-beaded belly in anticipation. 

"Hai, rabba, she's beautiful," Harinder sighed. 

"An amazing babhi." Vinod agreed. 

"Yea, so beautiful. Our soni, Sonali." Rahul grunted, the force of his thrusts building. His cock pistoned in and out of her. Vikram watched his friends molesting his wife, his cock starting to harden again. 

"Hai, Ram!" Rahul groaned, his thrusting growing stronger, his rhythm stuttering. Vikram realized his friend was about to cum. He leaned forward in anticipation. Soon, Rahul would unleash his load inside her. The first time another man had filled her with his seed. 

Rahul began to drive into her. He rammed his cock harder and faster, arching backward, hands gripping Sonali's legs. 

"Fuck me," she whimpered, her muscles clenching and her hips driving up to meet his thrusts. 

"Yes. Yes!" Rahul grunted, jackhammering his cock in and out of her pussy. 

"Yes! Yes! Fuck me. Hai Rahul! Fuck me!" she cried, her back arching off the settee again. She thrust her hips at him fucking him as much as he was fucking her. "Fuck me, Rahul!" 

"Sonali!" 

Suddenly, Rahul let out a guttural roar and slammed himself into her, burying his cock deep inside. His grip on her legs pulling her deep onto his cock. He held himself there, shuddering as he pumped his seed inside her. 

"Oh God!" she gasped, another orgasm exploding through her. Her body twisted and squirmed, back arching higher, neck bending, tendons straining. Her breasts were thrust into the air, the dark mounds shuddering with her body's spasms. She released the two cocks and her hands grabbed onto the edges of the settee, knuckles turning white. 

She stopped breathing. Hovering in the air, grinding herself against Rahul, Sonali's hips made small humping actions, her pussy milking his cock. She moaned and whimpered as her orgasm continued crashing through her, her muscles clenching, abdomen quivering. Her mouth hung open, eyes tightly closed. 

"Oh fuck," Rahul moaned. Even after he'd finished coming, he held himself inside her as she writhed before him. 

Then, eventually, she finished too. Her body settled back to the settee, her flesh coated with sweat. Laying there, panting, she opened her eyes and gazed up at the men around her. Releasing her white knuckle hold she reached out to Gaurev and Harinder, her finger caressing their legs, a soft purr escaping her throat. 

Sliding her legs off his arms, Rahul gently settled her legs back onto the settee, his cock slipping from her pussy. They watched her breathing return to some semblance of control, mesmerized by the rise and fall of her splayed breasts. 

"I'm next," Vinod announced, moving forward. 

Since no order of succession had been established, everyone accepted his claim. Vikram could see Harinder and Gaurev thought one of them should have been next, but neither said anything. 

"I need some water," Sonali sighed. 

Vinod handed her a bottle of water as he helped her sit up. Then, Harinder and Gaurev helped her get into a new position. She kneeled on the settee and, using the back to rest her arms, she leaned forward. Her ass was thrust into the air, her legs spread open, and everyone could see Rahul's cum leaking down her leg. 

Vinod stood behind her, one hand resting on her waist, the other guiding his stiff cock toward her waiting, enflamed sex. He set the tip at her opening and pressed forward until his cock was halfway buried in her dark wetness. He sighed in pleasure before pulling his hips back slightly. Then, pressed forward. As Sonali's hips slid back to meet him, the entirety of his cock penetrated her. His rounded belly pushed against the cheeks of her ass. 

Sonali sighed, her expression radiating ecstasy as she dropped her head to rest it on her arms. 

"Beautiful." Vikram smiled, watching his wife take a second friend's cock. Vinod groaned, holding onto her and grinding his crotch against her ass. Her hips rolled in rhythm. Vinod held himself deep inside her for a moment, running a hand along her spine. She shivered in response. Vinod began to thrust in and out in a slow rhythm. He wasn't fucking her. He was making love to her. She purred contentedly. 

Sonali whimpered as she was pushed forward with each thrust of his cock. As he watched her move, Harinder came around the settee to stand in front of her. He gingerly placed his hand on her head, playing with her hair, encouraging her. She lifted her head to see his cock - twitching with need - in front of her mouth. Using his hand to pull her hair up and away from her face, he smiled at her. "How about it, babhi? Can you take mine?" 

Sonali's eyes were glazed with lust as she stared at the cock hovering before her, its purple head shiny with precum. Then, she slid her lips over the enormous head. Harinder's hips pressed forward, slowly feeding her his manhood. Vikram shifted to get a better view as the Punjabi's heavy cock spread her lips. Sonali moaned as she sucked down the shaft. She couldn't take the whole thing into her mouth without gagging and when Harinder tried to push farther, she wrapped her fingers around the shaft as warning. 

"Remember what I said, Harinder yaar." Harinder nodded as he sighed in satisfaction. Sonali let go of his cock and placed the hand on his hairy belly, gently scratching at him. 

Vinod had held himself still during Harinder's penetration of her mouth. Now he slid into her again. As he withdrew, Harinder did the same, stopping with only the head of his cock within her mouth. Both men pressed forward and then back. And again. Slowly they worked up a rhythm, pumping their cocks into her. At first their cadence was awkward, slightly disjointed, but soon it fell into sync, fucking her mouth and pussy. Mewing and purring on all fours, Sonali took their cocks. Her body rocked under their dual assault, her full breasts swaying beneath her. She closed her eyes as waves of pleasure rolled through her. She moaned and whimpered with every thrust. 

Vinod reached around to place his hand on her belly and then, slid it down, through her damp tufts to find where he joined her. Sonali shuddered in pleasure as the man pressed against her clit, rubbing it in rhythm with his strokes. 

In and out of her the two cocks pumped, their speed and force gradually building. Between them, Sonali continued rocking, her body being jacked back and forth. Vinod groaned, his hips jerking a couple times, then finding the smooth rhythm once again. Sonali whimpered, her own hips twitching excitedly in response to the first signs of his impending climax. 
