 This is third part of a three-part story Catharsis. You will need to read the first two parts for this to make sense. In addition, the Catharsis trilogy is part of a longer set of related stories – Delhi Nights. Catharsis is a stand-alone story, but you will probably get more out of it, if you have read the prior Delhi Nights Stories.

*****

The moment was surreal. Harinder was laying in his bed, his cock stroked by his friend's wife, while their respective spouses stood at the threshold of the bedroom watching. Strangely, for a moment, Harinder's eyes focused on the small suitcase Vikram had in his hand – his wife's small red suitcase. The suitcase she had taken with her after he had caught her fucking another man in this same bed. Now, his friend had brought her home. 

"Harinder." Preeti's voice was soft. His cock should have also gone soft. Embarrassment and shame overcoming any ardor. It didn't. His cock throbbed, almost feeling heavier, in Sonali's hands as he looked at his wife. That moment of fear washed away immediately by the pleasure of being caught. A sense of revenge? Wanting her to feel what he felt when he had caught her with another man? No. It wasn't that. It wasn't jealousy. Hope, then? Maybe she would feel the same lust and need that he had felt when he had seen her with another man? 

He turned his attention from the suitcase to Preeti. She was watching as Sonali continued to stroke his cock. Her face was expressionless and she seemed rooted to the spot. Then, Vikram placed his hand on her shoulder. That seemed to break the spell. With a quick glance to Vikram, she stepped into the room.

"He told me everything." She said, her tone remaining flat, hesitant. Vikram had come to stand closer to Preeti, hand wrapping around her waist as if in support. 

"Preeti, I – "

Before Harinder could continue, Sonali interrupted, now sitting up, her hand still on his cock, the strokes almost absent-minded. "So, you know everything?"

Preeti nodded. 

"About that night?"

Another nod. Her eyes were on Sonali's hand as it massaged her husband's heavy cock. A dark, veined shaft in her fair hands. Harinder moaned as Sonali's stroke peeled back the foreskin to reveal his glistening head before hiding it again.

"You know Harinder loves you?"

Preeti nodded in rhythm to another stroke.

"And, you love him?"

Another nod. Another stroke. Harinder's cock was pulsating in Sonali's hand, the head engorged and leaking precum. His breathing became shallow with pent up need.

"Then, what else do you have to say?" Sonali smiled and put a hand out to Preeti, "Come here and show him."

"Go ahead." Vikram said, leaning toward Preeti, his hand gesturing her forward. 

Preeti came to stand at the edge of the bed, looking from Harinder to Sonali. Harinder just looked at her, trying to read her expressionless face. What was hidden behind those dark eyes? Her words suggested that she was ready to accept this new way of life. This new chapter in their love. But, there was still hesitation. Desire and need conflicting with ingrained taboos.

Sonali reached up and took Preeti's hand, guiding it to his cock. After a moment of hesitation, and a questioning glance between Sonali and Vikram, Preeti wrapped her fingers around the thick shaft. Harinder let out a soft moan of pleasure. It was that moan that seemed to relax Preeti. Perhaps, for her, the clearest sign of his acceptance of this new life. Was it something so simple that gave her the permission she seemingly needed? 

She took over for Sonali, slowly stroking his cock. Up and down.

Harinder moaned in pleasure as he looked at his wife. She was wearing a simple white salwar kameez, the shirt tight enough to outline the swell of her firm breasts and thin enough to hint at the yellow bra beneath. Her open hair fell to frame her dark face and kajol lined eyes. The pale blue bhindi that matched the embroidery on her salwar kameez – more decorative than spiritual – a reminder of their relationship. At that moment though, she was more than just his wife. She was an object of his lust. The veins of his cock pulsed with need as his mind returned to the image of her rising and falling on her lover's cock. An erotic moment that would forever be in his mind not as a reminder of faithlessness, but his unconditional love and need for Preeti.

Sonali rose to her knees, wrapping a sheet around her naked torso. She watched as Preeti stroked Harinder's cock before looking up to meet her gaze. Harinder tried to understand the look they shared. Understanding? Appraisal? The two continued to look at each other before Sonali spoke.

"Do you want me to go?" She asked.

Preeti didn't say anything, still stroking her husband's cock. She looked at Sonali for a moment before turning to Harinder. 

"Do you want her to go?" she asked her husband, eyes boring into him. He shared glances between his wife and Sonali. And, then looked to the impassive Vikram. There was no turning back now. Preeti was testing him. He was certain of that, but whatever the truth, there was only one way forward. Preeti would have to accept his answer.

"No." He reached up and pulled Sonali's hand away from the sheet, letting it fall to reveal her naked torso. Her chest was flushed, the nipples topping her full breasts quickly hardening in anticipation. "I want her." 

Preeti nodded and she looked from her husband to Sonali. "She's beautiful. So perfect."

"I want you both," Harinder growled, his voice firm as he reached forward to pull Preeti toward him. Putting a hand on the back of her neck, he drew Preeti down and kissed her hard. Without preamble, he parted her soft lips with his tongue, pushed against yielding teeth, and drove it into her mouth. He felt her mouth soften and tasted the cardamom and spices from a chai she had probably drunk earlier. Their kissing was driven by lust as their tongues met. Her hunger as clear as his. While she continued to stroke his throbbing cock, her other hand went to his head, fingers entwined in his black mane. She pulled him hungrily to her. Preeti was moaning his name between kisses.

He felt lips on his chest. A tongue flicked his hardening nipple. Sonali. As he continued to kiss his wife, Sonali began to trail kisses down his hairy torso to the flat of his belly and the hairy patch where his cock rose in Preeti's hands. Then, her warm mouth was on his cockhead. Preeti pulled away from him to look down at Sonali wrapping her lips around her husband's cock. Instead of pulling her hands away, his wife held his heavy cock for Sonali, feeding the bulbous head to her. Harinder's breathing became ragged as pressure began to build in his chest and his legs started to tense. He caressed Sonali's back, the lines and curves now a familiar landscape.

Then, Preeti stepped back to look at them. Sonali took his engorged cock deeper into her mouth. Harinder bucked and growled in pleasure. Preeti's eyes mirrored the dark lust in his own. Sonali's head moved up and down on his cock, swallowing it deep into her mouth. Her tongue traced a pulsating vein with each upward stroke to flick at his bulbous head. When she sensed the tension becoming too much, she held her mouth in place, suckling him.

With a quick glance at Vikram, who was rooted in the doorway, Preeti began to strip her clothes. She grabbed the hem of her kameez and pulled it up. For a moment, the top snagged on her breasts and, under any other circumstances, watching his wife struggle to get naked would have been comical. Now it was erotic. Her head and shoulders hidden, her naked torso wiggled seductively before she managed to pull the kameez off and tossed it to the ground. She stood before them in a yellow bra that did little to hide the swell of her breasts or the hard nipples that stretched the material taut. Her face was flush, her chest heaving. Then, after another glance at Vikram, she tugged at the drawstring of her salwar, letting it fall around her ankles. 

"You're so beautiful." Harinder said as Preeti stood before the three of them in her bra and panties. As Harinder and Vikram watched in anticipation, Preeti reached behind to unsnap the bra and let it join the puddle of clothes on around her feet. Another glance at Vikram and her panties fell as well. Harinder moaned as he looked at his wife on display. She stood, letting them all look at her. Harinder had a fleeting thought of his wife in Sonali's place on that fateful day. Preeti being used by his friends.

Harinder couldn't help but compare the two women – both beautiful. Sonali was taller and fairer skinned. Where her breasts were heavy with thick, dark nipples, Preeti's firm breasts were upturned. Her nipples were small pebbles. Both were fit, though where Sonali had a toned torso that led to wide hips, Preeti was simply thin. The dark patch of hair between Preeti's legs thicker and wild, hiding her pussy; Sonali's neat and trimmed, revealing as much as it hid.

Sonali exuded a primal, earthy lust, while Preeti was the feral wildness of a nymph.

As Harinder continued to look at his wife, Vikram came to stand behind Preeti. He glanced at Harinder but said nothing before he put a hand to her shoulder. She shuddered when he ran his fingers down her bare arm. 

"Mere yaar." Vikram said, "Your wife is so beautiful." He kissed her on the shoulder. He caressed each arm with the back of his hands while he trailed kisses from shoulder to neck. Still looking at Harinder, Preeti's mouth parted and she purred softly.

Harinder's cock throbbed in Sonali's mouth. Her tongue pressed against the underside of his cock, slathering it with her spit. Harinder growled in pleasure, clenching his teeth.

Preeti closed her eyes and leaned back into Vikram, tilting her head to offer herself to him. Harinder's tension mounted as the scene unfolded before him. Vikram's hands wandered across her flanks, her torso, tracing the outline of her ribs before one hand cupped a breast and the other went up to her neck. He held the weight of her breast in his hand, a finger rubbing the small, dark nipple. Preeti closed her eyes and sighed. Harinder was fixated on the image. His wife was being touched by another man and he was enjoying it. Reveling in it. It was now that he realized what made Vikram share his wife. In the closeted sexuality of India, this broke taboos. It turned the idea of a woman's devout loyalty to her husband on its head. In the land of tantra and Kama sutra, sex had long lost its physicality. The pure lust at it's root. What they were doing broke any semblance of devout restraint. This was physical pleasure in its purest form. Bodies as altars.

Preeti's mewling encouraged Vikram. He took the breast in his palm and kneaded the dark, pliant flesh. Preeti squirmed against him, her sighs turning to moans. He took the nipple between finger and thumb. He pulled and pinched as it hardened into a pebble. She shuddered. His other hand drifted from her belly down to the dark hair between her legs. 

"Preeti." Harinder moaned as he watched his wife invitingly open her legs for Vikram. His friend caressed her mons and ran his fingers in the patch of dark hair. Another sigh of pleasure as Vikram leaned in to nibble at her neck. His fingers found her labia, separated them to reveal the dark red of her pussy. It glistening allure welcomed his touch.

"Hai!" Preeti cried as Vikram began to play with the folds of her sex. As Sonali suckled and stroked his cock, Vikram massaged his wife's cunt. Preeti pushed against his hand as he gently rubbed her inner lips and found her hardening nub. Watching his wife writhe in another man's arms was becoming too much for Harinder and he felt the pressure spread from his torso down to his loins. His legs tensed.

He began to buck, each thrust shoving his heavy mass into Sonali's willing mouth.

Preeti ground against Vikram. He had two fingers pumping in and out of her pussy as his other hand continued to knead her breast. She was panting, heavy lidded eyes locked on Harinder.

Harinder's cock in Sonali's mouth. In and out.

Vikram's fingers in Preeti's pussy. In and out.

And, then, the tension was too much. The pressure built to a final explosion. Harinder clenched the bedsheet.

"Hai, Preeti!" Harinder yelled as his final thrust drove up into Sonali, shooting a thick load into her mouth. She didn't pull away, taking his release into her mouth. Then, as his orgasm became a series of shuddering aftershocks, she let his cock slip out of her mouth. Wiping a remnant from the side of her mouth, she smiled at Harinder before she rose up to watch her husband with his wife.

Preeti was holding Vikram's hands in place. One encouraging him to be rougher on her breast and the other wanting him to increase the pressure in her cunt. She was leaning into him, her eyes again closed. A sheen of sweat coated her body as she writhed and squirmed. Then, the writhing became a shudder and she arched her back. Harinder recognized the expression on her face – eyes clenched shut, mouth open in a silent cry. Her muscles tensed and her grip on Vikram's hands tightened as her orgasm began to build. 

"Hai, Rabba!" Preeti cried. "Hai! Hai!"

She arched and tried to force Vikram's hand harder against her pussy. Her hand gripped his and her pelvis pushed against his palm. She ground against him and froze as the wave of her orgasm finally reached its peak. Her body quivered in Vikram's arms, legs threatening to give out. Even then, Vikram kept his fingers inside her pussy. He held her close as waves of pleasure took their time to recede.

When she opened her eyes, Harinder locked his gaze with her. The sight had been too much and his cock was coming to life again. The massive meat slowly engorging.

Without a word, Preeti broke from Vikram's arms and, on shaking legs, strode to her husband's side. Her chest heaved with desire as she straddled him. Her breathing was ragged from the aftermath, but the expression on her face was of unquenched need. Staring at him with hungry eyes, she took his hard cock in her hand and guided it into her wet pussy. She moaned his name as his thickness pierced her in one stroke.

"Hari. Hai, Hari. Mere jaan!"

Harinder rested his hands on her hips as she began to slowly rise and fall on his cock. Her body glistened with a sheen of sweat as she moaned softly with each stroke. Her rhythm was steady, slowly rising and grinding down on him. Harinder's hand moved up her flank to rest on a breast as she moved down toward him. He squeezed the dark mound, his course palm against the hard nipple. Preeti moaned his name. Her pussy slid up and down on his thick shaft.

Up and down. 

Up and down.

Harinder remembered when he had caught her in bed with her lover. Moving up and down on his cock just as she was now. The sensation was exquisite. And, every time he felt like it was too much - every time he tensed - she ground down, sheathing him in place.

Sonali lay beside him, her warm breath tickling his ear. She kissed and nibbled his earlobe and then his neck before moving to his mouth. Her tongue darted in his mouth and she moaned into him, drawing his attention to her. And then, just as suddenly, she moved away from him, grinning. He looked at her with confusion.

As Preeti writhed on his cock, Sonali moved to kneel behind his wife, straddling his legs. Harinder watched as she wrapped her arms around his wife and began to kiss her shoulder and neck. Preeti moaned and her writhing slowed as she held his cock in her pussy. Sonali's hands moved again. One rested on Preeti's breast, kneading and massaging; the other, dropped to where Harinder's cock entered his wife. As her fingers found their joining, both shuddered at the touch.

The sensations were overwhelming and Harinder felt that familiar pressure build. He began to push and grind against Preeti's cunt. She was moaning his name, arching back against Sonali. When Harinder tried to move his hand from her breast toward her hip, she held it in place, forcing him to squeeze and knead. Her other hand covered Sonali's, encouraging her to squeeze the breast harder. Beads of sweat glistened in the space between her breasts. Her hair was in disarray, strands clinging to her cheek and forehead. Harinder growled as he saw the lewd expression on his wife's face. It was a look of hunger and need that he had never seen before and he began to thrust against her as the sight made another eruption imminent.

Sonali moved her hand away from between Preet's legs to her belly, holding her steady as he pushed and thrust. She stopped kissing his wife and looked at him with her own lust-filled eyes. The sight of the two women was too much for him.

He heard himself growl something incoherent. His wife's name? Sonali? It didn't matter. 

Driven by his cry, his wife began to ride him harder. She was bouncing up and down on his thick shaft, body arching and writhing. She clenched their hands in the throes of her lust, driving their fingers into her breasts. Her ragged panting matched his own. Behind her Sonali was biting at her neck, her eyes on Harinder.

His pleasure finally reached its endpoint. Harinder grunted and buried his cock to the hilt with a hard thrust that made Preeti squeal. He shuddered, his legs tensing painfully as he exploded inside her. He cried out his wife's name as his load filled her. Even as he collapsed into the bed, Preeti didn't release him, pushing down, keeping his cock buried in her soaking pussy. She ground against him, moaning and writhing. Her own orgasm wasn't far behind and even as his cock began to soften, its thickness filled her. He felt her legs tense against him and she let out a long, low moan as the tension turned into quivers of pleasure. When her release finally came, she collapsed down onto his chest. She nuzzled against his neck, their bodies slick with sweat. 

He looked past his wife to see Sonali leaning over them, gently caressing his wife's back. She smiled at him and then leaned down and began to kiss Preeti's lower back. He felt his wife shift and shudder. Her nipples rubbed against his chest. She moaned as Sonali continued to kiss and lick. With a sigh, Preeti lifted her head to look at Harinder and then turned to look at Sonali. The two women smiled at each other before Preeti rolled off Harinder.

Preeti lay sprawled next to her husband, one arm thrown across his chest. Her breasts were splayed wide as her chest rose and fell with each heavy breath. Beads of sweat glistened in the window light. The smell of sex was heavy in the air and Harinder drew it in with a deep breath. 

Sonali shifted until she was sitting between Preeti's spread legs. Smiling at his wife, Sonali began to caress her thigh, trailing finger from knee to pelvic bone. Preeti sighed. Harinder ran his fingers through his matted mane, his cock twitching once again with a rising hunger as he watched Sonali tease his wife. 

Vikram came to the edge of the bed, slowly stroking himself. He shared a smile with Harinder as the two men watched their wives. Sonali found the tuft of dark hair crowning Preeti's glistening opening. She ran her fingers through the hair and then cupped the dark mound. When her palm pushed against Preeti's sex, she purred and pushed against the hand. Sonali began to grind her palm into the slick sex before her thumb moved to the wet opening and slipped in. Sonali shifted onto her stomach, feet hanging off the bed, with her face inches from Preeti's glistening pussy. She was breathing in the smell of her sex, her thumb tweaking and playing with the engorged clit. 

Preeti pushed her shoulder and head against the bed, arching her back and thrusting her pelvis, inviting Sonali deeper. Sonali grinned as Preeti moaned and purred in pleasure. As Preeti offered her cunt to Sonali, she pressed against her thumb against the hard clit, raw and red. Preeti said something inaudible, the words turning into a moan of pleasure as Sonali's thumb tweaked and caressed. 
