 The following is a true story that took place in the 1980's.

***

It was a cold November evening when the truck pulled up at the end of my driveway. I was young and in my prime. My hair was reddish brown and long, with hazel eyes and my body a busty size 12. I sported sexy curves and I knew how to show them off. My boyfriend had called and said he needed to see me, so out I went in a skirt (bikini panties) and t-shirt with a denim jacket over top. He opened the door and a blast of heat hit me in the face.

"Get in," he said.

I slid into the pickup and one of his friends was at the wheel. I knew the guy somewhat, a long haired metal head who was a loner and a little chubby. He seemed nervous to see me and barely said hello. My boyfriend closed the door and said to him, "take all the back roads."

He pulled me close to him and kissed me. He was my first love and I was wild about him and we had already explored sex with all its kinks and avenues. I knew by the look in eyes that he was horny. I pushed his long black hair away from his face and started kissing him back. I opened my legs a little so that he could touch me however he wanted. It didn't really concern me that his friend was there...my boyfriend and I were sexually open and enjoyed being adventurous.

He slid his hand up my thigh and found me already wet. I could tell by his friends breathing that he was getting into the scene, and his arousal was turning me on as well. I slipped my tongue in my boyfriend's mouth and put my head back against his arm resting on the seat and spread my legs wide. He groaned and slid his finger inside me as we kissed. I moved my hand to his cock and found it hard and bulging under his jeans, which made my clit go super hard.

"Oh god baby," he rasped, his finger moving faster and sliding out over my erect clit and back in again. My head was spinning with desire and I felt my pussy getting juicier. My lust for this boy happened fast and in a matter of minutes I could go from being fine to desperately needing his cock inside me. He had an effect like no other, especially because we had lost our virginity together.

Then I felt another hand move up my leg.

For a moment I almost forgot where I was and that someone was even there. I froze for a moment and turned to see his friend looking at me and his thick fingers were stroking my skin. He looked back at the road but didn't move his hand and a thrill of excitement shot through me. Never in my life had I been between two men touching me sexually. I looked back at my boyfriend who said nothing, and his silence spoke volumes. 

Every so slightly I moved closer and his friend sighed a sound of nervousness and pleasure. His moved his fingers down until he was rubbing over my slit. I moaned out loud as the feeling of both their fingers on me was delicious. My boyfriend moved his fingers out of the way to pull off my shirt and bra. 

"Find a place soon," he told his friend, and I was a bit worried he wasn't paying any attention to the roads, but any worry was overshadowed by the immense satisfaction of both their hands. 

"Look at those tits!" his friend said when my boobs were out and free. They were a solid B cup and a good handful. I pulled my skirt down and was now sitting there in only panties. I felt completely exposed and very naughty. It was a new delightful feeling to be the center of lust for these two guys, and my body was reacting to it. 

My boyfriend leaned down and sucked his nipple in his mouth, and his friend moved his hand to my other nipple. I was being touched by eager hands all over and my breath was caught in my throat and a mix of edgy excitement swirled in my belly. I moaned shamelessly, my mind flooded with desire and my boyfriend whispered in my ear.

"Suck his cock."

I kissed him and smiled, and slid a little ways across the seat and began kissing his friend. He was shaking a little and breathing heavily, and I undid his jeans and pulled his cock out. He wasn't very big and so I laid on my belly and took it in my mouth. He cried out, and I knew then that he was likely a virgin and getting his cock sucked for the first time. He was rock hard and with his size I was able to swallow him whole without much effort. 

"That's it baby," my boyfriend said and I felt his fingers move back to my pussy. As he played with me I sucked this guys cock and he was barely able to drive. Finally we came to a dirt road in the woods and he swung the truck so fast I almost went flying. As soon as the truck was off he slid his seat back and put his hands in my hair and groaned loudly. I could hear the sounds of my boyfriend jerking off as he finger fucked me and the combination of all the stimulation was putting me closer to the edge.

"You're so sexy," his friend said, his voice shaky and moved his hand down to my back. I tasted some pre cum on his tip and lapped it up with my tongue, taking him all the way in my mouth and the wet sounds of my sucking turned me on even more. Suddenly he tensed up.

"Oh god, I'm cumming," he grunted and he shot his load deep in my mouth, his body jerking and shaking as I took every drop and when I was finished I sat up and smiled at him. He smiled back and squeezed my nipples as he looked down the rest of my body.

"Come here baby," my boyfriend said, rather firmly. I moved over to him and with a yank he had my panties off and on the floor of the truck. I knew he needed to cum and so I straddled his lap and gasped as he thrust into me. He buried himself in my pussy and I started riding him as he took my nipple in his mouth and sucked it roughly. I looked over at his friend who was watching us and his hand was on his cock stroking. This made me hotter and I started grinding on my boyfriends cock even harder.

"I'm cumming!" I cried loudly and felt him push hard and fast up in me. My juices were on my thighs, streaming down and covering his cock and they both groaned at the same time. He made me get on my knees.

"Look at him while I fuck you. I want him to see your face as I am inside you."

I looked in his eyes and his friend looked back at me, his eyes wide with lust and he stroked his cock faster and faster. My boobs bounced and he reached out with his other hand and played with them as my boyfriend took my pussy. He had learned how to hang on longer and I knew he wanted me to cum again. His friend moved closer, scooting himself down a little so he could kiss me and suckle on my breasts. I was overwhelmed with the pleasure of them...I was drowning in it and I didn't want it to end. Behind me my boyfriend was smacking it into me and grunting louder and I knew he was going to cum soon. I arched my ass higher and leaned down and took his friends cock back in mouth. 

"Fuck!" he gasped and I sucked him hard and deep and suddenly I felt my boyfriend tense and he pulled out so I could feel his hot sticky cum on my ass and dribbling down my crack. He gripped me tightly breathing heavily and continued watching me suck his friend.

"Make him cum again," he urged, and I knew then sharing me turned him on...it was a new avenue to explore and when he leaned down to lick the juices from my pussy I lost it, my pussy clenched and my belly tightened and I dropped my juices on his tongue. Hearing me cum and watching it put his friend over the edge and once again I felt his cum in my mouth and in my throat. I swallowed it all and when I was done I sat up and my boyfriend pulled me in his arms. I rested against him and felt so good...sated and safe and his friend moved to my other side put his cheek against mine. It was cold outside but inside I was warm and enveloped by two men and in total bliss. We hung out there for a while and then they drove me home. I got in trouble for going out when I wasn't supposed to, but it was totally worth it.

*It's hard to believe that 28 years have passed since that night but every time I think about it I am turned on all over again. We fooled around a couple more times but then the friend got a girlfriend and that was that. I drive by his house sometimes and wonder if he remembers that night in the truck and how I was the first girl to put my mouth around his cock. It always makes me grin. Those were the days, being young and free when arousal was instant and cumming was just as instant. Nostalgia in this case is still sexy.*