 Donnie was smiling as he walked through his front door. His last two classes were cancelled for the day due to a ruptured water pipe. After sitting in the class when the ceiling started coming down, canceling classes was a no brainer. 

He could have gone off with his boys to hang out somewhere but he had a paper to finish. That was actually a line of BS, what he really wanted was to see if his lovely sexy neighbor Di was available for a bit of fun. Since she had gotten on her knees naked in front of him & sucked his cock, he hadn't been able to think of anything else but finally fucking her. 

He looked for signs of life in her house as he walked by but didn't see anything. He peeked out his back door to see if she was laying out on her patio, but she was not there either. He sighed.

"Okay on to Plan B." he said to himself. 

He could catch some rays while the sun was still nice & warm. Since his mom's car was gone & his dad wasn't due home for hours, it was the perfect time to strip naked & jump in the pool.

He went to his room & took off all his clothes. As he peeled off his underwear he caught his reflection in the mirror over his dresser. Since Di had taken an interest in him this summer he had taken an interest in bulking up a bit. He was starting to see definition in his abs. 

"More power by the hour." he laughed. 

"Can't wait to put it to the test" he thought as he started walking. 

It amazed him how hard he got just by walking out of his bedroom naked. It was such a freeing sensation. He stopped by the linen closet & grabbed a towel before heading out the door.

He was just about to dive into the pool when he heard voices coming from the bank down by the lake. He listened for a bit. He couldn't quiet make it out so he wrapped the towel around him & moved a little closer. He moved toward the willow tree for some cover & stood for a moment. He smiled at what he saw. There was a conflagration of bodies in front of him. His sexy neighbor Di was laying on her back having her luscious pussy eaten by a woman. She seemed to be enjoying it. The woman was on her hands & knees & being fucked by Di's neighbor from the other side Rodney. He couldn't believe it. 

"Oh yes baby, eat my pussy" Di purred. "You do that so well."

"Oh fuccccck this pussy is so tight." Rodney moaned.

Donnie watched Rodney's thick hard cock slide in & out & found himself stroking his own cock. 

"God I have got to get laid" he thought. 

He started stroking harder. It felt so good. He let out a moan.

Di looked over to the willow & smiled. She nodded towards the tree at Rodney. He turned his head & smiled.

"Don't go anywhere honey, I'll be right back" he said as he slapped the woman's ass & walked towards the willow.

Di continued to hold the woman's head down against her pussy. Not letting her move. Her hair was splayed all out and Donnie couldn't see any of her face.

Donnie stood there frozen. Not knowing what he should do. He stood silently watching Rodney's cock bounce as he walked towards him. He had always heard the stories of black men being hung to their knees so he couldn't help but look. Though Rodney was a fair size, he was very happy to see that he was no bigger than the cock he held in his own hands. 

"You want a piece of that?" Rodney whispered to him noticing Donnie's gaze had now turned to the lovely round ass & swollen pussy lips kneeling just a few yards away.

"Oh my god yes!!!" answered Donnie

"Okay I have just three rules for you. One, you can not speak nor make a sound. Two, you can not cum inside her. Three, as soon as you cum you beat feet back up the hill to your house. Can you live with that?"

"Oh fuck yeah." Donnie answered. 

With that he followed Rodney over to the women on the bank. 

Di smiled as she watched Donnie eagerly running towards them. She pulled on her nipples as she nodded towards her lovers ass in the air.

Rodney held his finger up to his lips & motioned Donnie to get on his knees behind the woman. All Donnie could see was ass & pussy. The pussy was so wet. He could smell the scent of sex on both of them.

Di looked up at him & smiled. Urging him to slip his now raging hard on into her lovers pussy. She bit her lower lip & parted her swollen lips. Easing slowly. It was so wet & felt so good.

Rodney stood behind him, watching the young man's cock disappear into an oh so ready pussy. Knowing how good it feels. He started stroking his own cock. Keeping rhythm with Donnie. Each time Donnie went deeper, Rodney stroked harder.

Donnie was watching Di's eyes. They were so big, she was so close to cuming. Her nipples were so hard, her breathing was getting so rapid. Oh so close.

"Oh yes fuck her baby. Fuck her with that big cock of yours. Do it. Make her scream." Di moaned as she ground her hips into the face.

She started moaning, tightening around Donnie. Donnie pounded harder, oh so close.

"Yesssssssssssss do it!!! Now!!!!" 

As Di screamed Donnie pulled out of that tight pussy & slid deeply into an even tighter ass. It was the most amazing thing he had ever felt. Contracting tightly around his cock. Trying to keep his eyes open so he could watch Di's pussy being eaten & how her own body writhed with pleasure.

That was it. She tightened down on Donnie one last time as he pulled out & came all over her back. 

Rodney added to it. "Oh fucccccccccccccck." stroking his own cock to orgasm. Shooting all over.

Donnie seemed to cum in forever. At least it felt like it.

When he opened his eyes he saw Rodney motioning him back up the hill.

He tried standing but his legs were a bit shaky. He hated leaving but those were the rules. If he obeyed them, there would be other times. He knew it. So he ran up the hill into his house. 

As he walked in the door he laughed to himself. "I smell like pussy. Think I could use a shower."

Di pulled the woman up to her face & kissed her deeply. She could taste her own juices on her lips. She loved that.

"Well we better get back up the hill Miss Judy."

"I hate to but yes I better. Donnie should be home soon. Couldn't have him catching his mom being naughty could we."

With that she kissed Rodney & walked up the hill. Rodney smiled. 

"You are an evil woman you know that."

"Yeah I know, but you love it. There is something deliciously twisted in that."

"That there is. I just wonder how long it will take them to figure out what happened.." 

"Time will tell." she grinned. "Time will tell."