 I was having a bad day. First of all, I have a boss who is sexy as hell. Second of all I have a major crush on him. Third, no matter what I do he won't give me a tumble and fourth, he goes on travel about once a month to Paris and always has me arrange for an escort service to provide a girl to go along and entertain his client. I knew damn well that he was going to bed with her too.

Well today, when he asked me to make the arrangements for the trip, and that I arrange for an escort service slut, I was furious. Mostly because he was going to have sex with whom ever they provided, and second because it hurt to know that someone he didn't even know, was going to be with him and do all the things that I had been dreaming about doing with him. That's when I decided to modify things slightly. 

I told him that the arrangements had been made, and gave him the reservations and tickets for the flight. The next morning I arrived at work early and got him aside. "The lady who was going to go with you, had an emergency and won't be able to go," I lied.

As expected, that left him only two choices, cancel the trip and lose some valuable business or replace the girl. That's when phase two kicked in. I volunteered to go as a replacement.

He looked appalled. Although I knew what the girl was there for and what she was expected to do, he was naive enough to think I hadn't figured it out that she was to be more than just there for conversation. 

He began to stammer and try to explain why I shouldn't go, but I stopped him and with a sly grin on my face, I told him that I knew what I would be expected to do and that it was perfectly all right, after all it was for the company. I continued to assure him that since it was just business and nothing personal, I was perfectly comfortable with it. 

Finally he agreed and began to tell me what to wear and explain about what I might be in for, but I stopped him and whispered, "I know, Blake, I know exactly what to wear and how to behave. Don't worry about me." 

Panic began to set in as we boarded the plane. I really wasn't certain what I would have to do but every conceivable possibility flashed thru my mind. But as soon as I joined Blake on the plane, I was a different person. 

No longer the well-behaved young woman that my parents had raised, but a slut who only wanted to be physically satisfied and perhaps, abused. It was almost as if I had been released from some sort of mental restraint and taken on another personality. 

We took our seats in first class, and as soon as we were air born, the stewardess brought drinks. Sitting near the window it was easy to reach over and touch Blake. I weighed my options and wondered what his response would be if I put my hand on his thigh. 

Two more drinks and I had mustered enough courage to try it. At first he pretended not to notice, then he turned to me. I was already becoming excited. My pussy had begun to tingle when I first thought about touching him in public, and now it was actually beginning to slowly contract and ache. The more I thought about what I was going to do, and what I had started with my boss, seemed to heightened my feeling of abandon.

"Feels good, Dell. Mmmm just what do you think you can do on an airplane? We can't go too far sweetheart," he whispered in that low voice of his. 

So now he's calling me Dell, instead of Adele, I thought, and I can go with that. And just how far I can go, well I'll go pretty damn far if I don't get caught and he lets me.

Almost as if reading my mind, he reached up and brought down a pillow and a blanket and put them in his lap. By sliding the pillow down to his knees I could move my hand up to his crotch and unfasten his fly and take out his cock. 

If I was excited, he was twice as worked up as I was. I held a shaft so thick my fingers barely met as they clutched him. Perhaps five and a half inches around, and he was probably six and a half inches long already. God was I getting hot and the tingling in my cunt became an ache. My breasts seemed to swell up and my nipples became sensitive to the touch of my satin blouse.

He tilted his seat back as I began to stroke his wet cock under the blanket. The seats around us were empty, and the stewardess was up near the cabin so I felt safe in pulling the blanket back and looking at what I had made. My god it was beautiful. And the sight of it brought me to a frenzied desire to make him cum. I couldn't do anything wrong. This is what was expected and I was going to go with it.

I slid my hand down to its base and actually managed to get his heavy balls out. Now I began to tease just the head of his cock with my fingers. He stared ahead and seemed engrossed in the pleasure of my tormenting touches. Fifteen minutes passed as I kneaded his hard shaft, taking brief moments to lower my head and slide my pursed lips over its head to suck and taste the salty pre-cum, when suddenly I felt him go rigid. 

In that moment, I did what I never dreamed possible. I thrust my mouth down over his cock and as I let my tongue slowly stroke the underside of his glans, I felt my mouth fill with the thick cum that pulsed in thick globules, from its small slit. I greedily swallowed each thick burst that erupted from his twitching shaft. 

For what seemed like only seconds but which must have been the better part of a minute, I continued to suck and swallow before releasing his shaft and pulling the blanket up to cover him, as I leaned back. 

Looking at him, I dragged the tip of my tongue around my lips, and I saw something I had not expected to see. He was breathing hard and suddenly leaned towards me and kissed me on the lips. It was a deep kiss. One that was beyond intimate. A kiss that can't be described as loving, but far beyond that. It was a lustful kiss that I had earned and that brought me to new heights of frenzied anticipation.

Breaking our kiss he stayed close to me and after straightening himself up cuddled close to me. His hand slide beneath the blanket and up under the hem of my skirt. I had foolishly worn panties but he managed to work his fingers between my thigh and my pussy. I felt his fingers begin to caress and stroke my smooth labia and the aching throb increased. My breasts were points of erotic fire, which had become almost unbearably sensitive. As he gently caressed my pussy, he found my hard clit and began to run his finger around and across its protruding surface. At the same time his other hand was up under my blouse, and he had pushed my bra up over my breasts so he could knead my nipples.

What might have taken ten or fifteen minutes to accomplish suddenly happened within mere minutes. I let myself go and my body began to respond uncontrollably. It began subtly but rapidly. First my pussy began to flutter and begin to contract, my hands seemed to tighten up, and my breathing began to come in short gasps. My legs began to twitch and tremble and suddenly I began to gasp and groan. 

Then I exploded. I began to cry out and he had to put his hand over my mouth to stifle my whimpering sobs and I began to bounce and writhe in my seat. Oh my god it was intense. For almost a full minute I continued to feel my clit pulse in and out before I could feel my body begin to return to normal. 

Orgasms shouldn't be that wonderful. As he brought me to that place where the world loses its reality and the only thing in my little world is the need to feel that fantastic release, I was oblivious of what was going on around me. I would have done anything to have it and he gave it to me. For those seconds in time, I was alone. The world around me didn't exist. He had done the impossible; he had made me climax with such force that I wet myself and probably his hand as well. I was Dell and I was a whore. But I was his whore, and that made it ok.

As I continued to gasp for breath and my chest heaved he looked into my eyes and simply asked, "Good?"

I couldn't speak. I just stared at him, disbelieving what he had just done.

" I owe you one," he went on. "I mean a more intimate session, using my mouth. You know, just like you did to me." I continued to gasp for breath and just nodded.

My mind began speaking to me. "Oh yeah Blake, Oh yeah, you do that to me again and I'll kill for you. You're not real, you've seduced my mind, and I'm helpless. Oh god I'll do anything for you." Soon I would realize just how true that was.

The trip from the airport to the hotel was uneventful. Oh we held hands but not much more. As usual the room was registered as Mr. And Mrs. So the clerk just smiled at us, knowingly. God I was giddy and so totally wanton in my new role as Blake's playmate.

The plane had been late so we rushed to get ready for our dinner engagement down in the restaurant. I put on thigh length sheer stockings as directed, no panties and my skirt was really slutty, I mean it was a mini pale blue leather that had slits up both sides. It looked as if it had been shrunk on me. My blouse was a soft white silk and was cut low. I had to wear a half bra that had no straps but held breasts up and allowed my pink nipples to show over the top. I did my hair as best I could. I had had no time to go to have it cut but it looked really sexy.

Blake had on a suit but wore no tie. He had shaved again and I could smell the faintest hint of aftershave lotion. God he was handsome. His slacks were snug enough to be revealing and I knew that he wore no shorts. Then he took my arm and we went down to meet Teddy for dinner and discuss the contract. 

Mr. Amberson was not as tall as Blake but had a nice hard body too. He was perhaps ten years older then Blake but had all his hair and was really sweet and easy to chat with. He shoved a contract across the table and simply smiled and commented, "It's a done deal Blake. I signed it and now it's in your ballpark. Now lets enjoy ourselves and we can perhaps get to know your Dell better." 

We were sitting in a booth that was curved in a semicircle and the men were on either side of me. Blake was fidgeting with the silverware and sipping his drink, so I knew it was Teddy's hand that suddenly was resting on my knee. He wasted no time in sliding it up and under my skirt and suddenly his fingers were fidgeting up and down my wet pussy.

Instinctively I parted my legs. This was the "Go Ahead" signal and he took full advantage of the invitation. Blake was watching our faces and obviously knew what was happening. I was growing impatient with Blake and took his hand and placed it under the table on my other thigh. 

It's a bit awkward to describe how two hands can do that to a person, but between them they had managed to get me so fucking hot that I simply had to reach for their groins. Both of them accommodated me by unfastening their slacks and my hands entered the openings provided.

Both men were aroused. It was no great feat to draw their erections out and begin to squeeze and fondle each. Both men began to wiggle and writhe as I slid my fingers up and over the wet heads of each man's cock. By now I was approaching that point where I was about ready to pass out if I didn't cum soon.

Their fingers played over my pussy almost as if they were fingering a violin. Each seemed to have their own melody to play. Blake was drawing circles around my clit as Ted twisted his fingers as he plunged them in and out of my vagina. Suddenly I couldn't help myself and I groaned and threw my head back. I had an orgasm.

I vaguely remember the two men exchanging glances and one of them saying, "We better get her up to the room. I don't think I can fool around any longer. She needs to be fucked and soon."

They straightened up and helped me slide to the edge of the seat so I could be helped up. Then with each taking an arm, they helped me to the room. Once inside they took me to the bedroom and stripped me. Teddy took off my bra and began to suck on my nipples while Blake took my nylons off and began to lick my cunt.

I don't remember when or how the men undressed. All I was aware of was Blake's tongue. He was reading my body. When I got close to finishing, he would suddenly move in another direction. He was running his tongue around and round my clit, rarely touching its sensitive surface, yet at those times when I was on the brink of cumming, he would slow down and do something slightly different and I would drop back.

As he continued to torture my throbbing pussy, Teddy moved to my face and ran the head of his shaft back and forth across my lips. I opened my mouth and captured him. Now he began to thrust his cock in and out of my mouth. Between my need to suck his long cock and Blake's sucking and lapping, I was going nearly insane. Suddenly I could stand it no longer. I wrenched Teddy's cock from my mouth and screamed out. "FUCK MEEEE! Oh god somebody fuck me please." 

Almost as if rehearsed, Blake got on the bed and spread my legs wide. Then his cock began to enter. At the same time I grabbed Teddy and pulled him back to my mouth and began to suck like a deranged mad woman. Each time Ted would get close to giving me his load he would pull out, saving himself, and all the time Blake was sawing in and out of my cunt. Suddenly I felt the tendrils begin to crawl up my body and thru my thighs. My ass tingled and I screamed out. 

"Now! Ooooohhhh, God, fuck me harder.......... FASTER unh, unh, unh, I'm Cumming...oh my god its good!"

Blake began to ram his cock in and out faster and faster until he too sobbed. "Cumming baby, Take it Del. Take mee now!" And as he convulsed and his cock began to spew warm milky fluid into my cunt I let Teddy go so he could move into position as soon as Blake pulled out.

Within seconds Ted was inside my dripping cunt and I had Blake's still dripping cock in my mouth. Again I immediately began to feel another explosion building and just as Teddy began to begin his rapid thrusting I heaved up and took another load of warm thick sperm. I felt him pull out but kept on sucking Blake. 

When Ted knelt on the other side of me I began to swivel my head from side to side, sucking each cock for several seconds back and forth, trying to keep them both hard. 

Jerking one while I sucked the other I had them both hard as a rock within minutes and then it was my turn to be domineering. I had Blake lay on his back and I straddled him. My knees were up near his chest as I rocked back and forced his thick cock deep into my dripping hole. Then I leaned forward and began to move up and down trying to get off again. My muscles began to go into contractions, my hands tightened their grip on Blake's shoulders and I began to groan and whimper. 

As I leaned forward, my breasts hung low and my nipples brushed his bare chest, then I felt Teddy standing behind us and suddenly his slippery shaft pressed at my ass. I wasn't exactly surprised, but when he suddenly entered with a sort of popping sound I immediately began to feel as if I were going to explode.

They must have done this before, because they worked as if it were the most natural thing. Blake would thrust as Ted drew back then as Teddy thrust deep in my ass, Blake would draw out slightly. Like a fine watch they moved in sync. In and out, in and out until suddenly I heard Teddy cry out. "Gonna give her another load. Del! Del! Take it!"

At that point I went over the top and screamed out to both of them. "FUCK MEEEEEE HARD. I NEED CUM! FUCK MY ASS. GIMMEEEE IT GOOD." Blake was only moments away and he too suddenly stared up into my face and gasped. "Me too Del, take my cock deep and let me fill your pussy more!" All three of us had cum within seconds of each other and I was delirious. My cunt throbbed and twitched around Blake's cock as Ted began to draw his waning shaft from my ass. 

In the morning as we dressed, Theodore, suggested that we meet again in a week or so and he would bring his wife. Although she was somewhat of a prude, he wanted her to be forced to submit to the three of us, even if we had to bind her and blindfold her. We agreed and it was arranged.

Just before our plane landed in England, Blake again began to call me Adele, Things were back to normal. His slut was called, "Del", his secretary was Adele.