 Todd, Mark and I have all been best friends for years: ever since our first year in college, actually. We spent long hours in each other's dorm rooms studying, watching movies, and just generally having fun. Each one of us had a very different personality, which seemed to compliment the other. Todd was always the funny man, often causing Mark and I to break into mass hysterics from his jokes, impressions, and stories. The role of the studious one fell to Mark. Many a study session would have never begun had it not been for him. 

I sort of fell in the middle...not as carefree and fun loving as Todd, and not as studious as Mark. But we got along well. So well, in fact, that Todd and I ended up getting married right after our graduation.

As it happens often in life, each year that passed found more distance between us, until our visits with Mark were limited to once, sometimes twice a year. We talked often on the telephone, but it was just not the same. We missed the fun the three of us had together.

So it was with great excitement that I relayed Mark's recent news to Todd. He would be coming for a visit the following weekend. We spent the rest of the week clearing our schedules, so we would have plenty of free time to visit and catch up with each other.

Friday evening found Todd and I excited and busy. He was to pick up Mark from the airport after work, while I bolted home from the office to start preparing dinner. We usually stayed in the first night upon our visits, so that all the catching up could take place, and then spent the rest of the visit going out, re-visiting old haunts, and generally having a great time. It would be the same this weekend. Or so I thought.

I was standing in the kitchen checking the sauce for the pasta, when I heard the front door open and the sound of masculine voices murmuring back and forth, with an occasional chuckle or two. Quickly wiping my hands on a towel, I turned around with a very large smile upon my face only to be engulfed in a huge bear hug. Laughing delightedly, I squeezed my arms around Marks shoulders as he swung me around in a circle before setting me back on my feet.

Throughout the evening the conversation flowed, as did the wine, and so the merriment level ran high. Periods of laughter rang through the room, and so did moments of comfortable silence as the meal was consumed. I could not help but admire how well Mark was looking. I had always thought of him as good looking, with his dark brown hair, tall and slightly lanky build: and the years seemed to be agreeing with him. Stating as much, his cheeks warmed upon my words. Teasing him a bit about it, I stood to begin clearing the table. 

"Blush looks good on you, Mark. You should wear it more often!" Grinning mischievously, I winked at Todd, who chuckled good-naturedly.

Apparently choosing not to reply, Mark stood and began gathering plates and wineglasses together silently, a small smile playing about his lips. He followed me into the kitchen where he stacked everything on the counter next to the sink. I spent a moment rinsing a few of the dishes, and then turned to walk back into the dining room. Gasping, I bumped into Mark, who had silently been standing behind me.

"Oh! Would you stop sneaking like that?" I laughed softly and placed a hand on his chest to move him out of the way. He surprised me by placing his hand over mine, holding it captive above his heart. I looked up at him, curious as to what was going through his mind, and then he leaned towards me, and my nose was suddenly filled with the scent of his cologne, my eyes filled with his face. And my heart fluttered a tiny bit. Tugging on my hand, I stepped back...a mistake since this trapped me with the counter at my back, and him at my front. 

Stepping closer to me, he let his body lean into mine ever so slightly, and a flash of excitement raced through my veins. My eyes flickered as I tried to train my gaze on his face, and not on his chest as it so desperately wanted to do. "Is there something I can help you with?" Although I tried for nonchalance, the words came out a bit breathlessly, ruining the effect.

Brushing his cheek against mine for a moment, he stepped back, eyes twinkling. "Blush looks good on you, Anne. You should wear it more often." And with a swagger in his step, Mark strolled back into the other room to join Todd. 

Laughing to myself, and shaking my head at my own foolishness I follow suit, finding that the "boys" had moved to the living room. They sat talking quietly as I entered the room, and I stood for a moment by the doorway, admiring them. Both were fairly tall, Mark topping Todd by a few inches. Where Mark was dark in hair and skin, Todd was blond and fair. Both men very handsome, both very different in nature. Both very dear to me. 

"So what has captured your interest so much that you sit here gossiping together like a couple of old women?" Stepping further into the room, I grin a bit at them. 

Smiling and patting the empty sofa space between him and Mark, Todd replies, "The same thing that has kept our interest for years..." and three voices chime in together with the answer. "Sports!" 

Sitting in the offered seat, I relax and once again the atmosphere is cozy and comforting. We discuss plans for the following day for a while, and it grows more difficult to smother the yawns that creep up on me. "I think it is time for us to call it a night, my dear boys." 

Standing, I motion for Todd to follow me. "I will be right there, honey. I just need to discuss something with Mark." He smiles up at me, and I kiss his cheek, and then Marks before going to our room.

I pull the bed covers down, and get ready for bed in our bathroom, slipping into a plain white t-shirt that hangs to mid-thigh. After brushing my long red hair for a bit, I walk back into the bedroom and find Todd already there sitting on the bedside, slipping off his shoes. Smiling at me, he says, "It is good to see Mark again, isn't it?"

Walking over, "Yes, it has been much too long since our last visit. He seems to be doing well, though, don't you think?" I crawl onto the bed behind Todd and kneel in the center. "He seems more confident, almost."

Slipping his shirt over his head, he turns to me. "You think so? Maybe you are right." 

Feigning a gasp, I say playfully, "Oh my word! You just admitted that I was right, and I didn't have to twist your arm to get you to say it! The world is ending...the sky is falling...the..." I shriek and try to move away as Todd lunges across the bed, and we tumble to the floor, laughing and wrestling. 

Pinning my arms to the floor by my head, he blows a raspberry on my neck causing me to buck and shout with laughter. Catching him off guard, I manage to toss Todd off, and roll to my feet. Laughing, I back away from him, throwing taunts and grinning. Todd stalks towards me a few feet, before suddenly stopping. In my glee at having "bested" him, I do not notice that his gaze falls a bit over my shoulder. Taking another step back, I come up against something hard that is blocking my get-away. Looking over my shoulder, I see Mark standing behind me, a small smile playing about his lips.

Gently taking me by the wrists, he holds my arms straight out on either side of me, rendering me helpless against Todd's tickling fingers. Shrieking with laughter, I twist and pull, trying to get away from them. And then things changed.

Somewhere between the wriggling fingers that danced along my sides, and trying to escape I suddenly found my arms curved up and around Marks neck behind me. His hands now resting upon my hips, and his body pressed flush against mine, from shoulder to toe. Todd's hips press into mine from in front of me, forcing my rump firmly into Marks lap. And the laughter faded away, to be replaced by another emotion. Tightly reigned in desire. 

I freeze, my body quivering, but unsure of the new situation. Looking over my shoulder, I grow warm at the intimate embrace we share, and as my eyes drift over Marks, I am stunned by what I see. Lust. Snapping my eyes back to the man in front of me, I pray that he does not see the pebbling of my nipples through my thin shirt. My prayers go unanswered and I watch his eyes drift down, honing in on them. Closing my eyes and taking a deep breath, I prepare for the worst.

Instead, I feel his fingers slide around my ribs and up, causing my eyes to fly back open again in shock. He is going to touch me in front of Mark! His eyes meet mine darkly as his thumbs slowly rub a circle around the tips of my breasts. And I cannot stop a soft moan from escaping my lips. 

"Ooohhh...." Hearing the breath hiss passed my lips; Todd's eyes darken further with wanting. And then, there is no doubt. No trying to escape. There was only feeling. 

Marks fists gather my t-shirt up, and he slides the clothing up and over my breasts, holding the material there and baring my nakedness to both sets of eyes. I watch in disbelief as Todd's mouth descends, pressing kisses upon each breast. Then his lips part and his tongue snakes out to coil around one hardened tip, before sucking it into his mouth. 

This combined with the sensation of another pair of lips meandering along my neck sets my heart to racing, and my body to trembling. I clench my fists at my sides... afraid to touch... afraid the pleasure will stop. Afraid of coming apart.

"You are such a hot little piece," Todd murmurs against my skin. "And I want to watch you burn even hotter, watch you as your body takes two cocks. Do you want that too, baby?" Head spinning from both words and sensation, I moan again.

Marks deep voice softly tickles my ear. "Would you like to feel two men worship your beautiful body? Two sets of lips kissing, sucking, two tongues licking, two sets of hands stroking, fondling, caressing?" his teeth scrape down along my throat, before sinking gently into my skin, biting my neck and suckling it.

Throwing caution to the wind, I slide my hands up, and place them behind me, around Marks neck once again. Todd sinks down onto his knees before me, and begins to gently nibble at my breasts and I arch into his mouth.

After a few glorious moments of this, Todd suggests we move to the bed for comfort. I lay down upon the pillows, a willing slave to my two captors. Both men gaze down at me for a moment, lying there like a wanton. 

Todd looks at Mark briefly before saying "She has the sweetest tasting cunt ever...like honey on your lips." He motions our friend forward, and Mark crawls onto the bed, using his hands to spread my thighs wide. Lying between my legs, he stares at my slit for a second, before lowering his head slowly. His eyes meet mine just as his tongue flicks out, lapping at my wetness.

My head falls back, and my eyes close as a kaleidoscope of feelings course through my body. "Oh god...yes..." The words pass my lips unwittingly, and I draw my knees up slightly, splaying my thighs even further.

Moving onto the bed next to me, Todd continues his conquering of my breasts with the use of lips, teeth, tongue and fingers. Gently pinching and rolling one nipple between the thumb and forefinger of a hand, his teeth take the other one hostage, scraping and tugging.

"Hot, addicting honey..." murmured against the juncture of my thighs, as his tongue explores deeper and deeper. Using his fingers, Mark opens my flesh even further to his probing tongue, and he buries his face into my pussy like a man starved.

The feeling of two completely different sets of lips on my body at once is too much, and I explode in my first orgasm of the night, crying out loudly. "AAHHH!!!" My thighs clamp down on Marks head, and my hand holds Todd's head to my sensitive chest.

After the tremors subside, my limbs fall listlessly to the bed and one word runs rampant through my mind: More, more, more...like a never ending chant. Turning onto my side, my lips eagerly seek out Todd's and his tongue intertwines with mine. Sliding a hand down his stomach, I stroke his hardness through his pants, bringing a groan to his lips.

"I need to feel your naked skin on mine...both of yours." I whisper huskily. Helping Todd and Mark divest themselves of their clothing, we fall to the bed in a heap of hands, lips, and tongues, with me in the middle.

My hands seek out male hardness, one slim and long, the other short and thick...both like velvet steel. Cupping and stroking, I am awed by the strength I grasp, and awed by the power I have over it.

Pushing Mark over onto his back, I glide my tongue down his neck, stopping momentarily to taste his flesh more fully, sucking and nibbling, before traveling down his chest. His large hand cups the back of my head as I flick my tongue out against his nipple, and slip farther down. He groans and arches a bit as my breasts brush against his shaft, and I scrape my teeth down the lower half of his belly.

Kneeling between his legs, my long silky hair trailing along his skin, I drag the flat of my tongue from the base of his cock to the tip, circling it wetly. Hearing his breath hiss between his lips, I open my lips engulfing him in wet heat. Drawing deeply, my lips slip further down, taking him into my throat. Tasting him.

"Yes...taste me...mmm..." Fisting his hands in my hair, Mark flexes his hips.

Todd's hands run down my back, and I suddenly feel the sharp, exquisite sting of his palm cracking sharply against my naked ass. Groaning against the hard cock in my mouth, I feel the wet evidence of my arousal running down my thighs.

A new sensation penetrates my hazy mind, and I begin to tremble as Todd's wet tongue slowly licks a path from cunt to ass. Sucking greedily on Mark's prick, my head begins to bob up and down as I feel the tongue probing my ass. Pressing, licking, fucking.

Needing more, needing to be filled full, I slide up Mark's body, straddling him. Grasping his cock in my hand, I rub him against my wetness a bit before slowly sinking down onto him, balls deep.

"Ooohhhh...feels so good." I sit there for a moment to adjust to his girth, shaking. At the same time, Todd replaces his tongue with a finger, slipping it slightly into my ass, massaging and stretching me. I look over my shoulder at him, eyes glazed.

"You like that, don't you Anne. You like his cock in your cunt, and my finger in your ass." His breath hot, he gently bites my earlobe, suckling it for a moment before moving behind me.

Marks hands settle on my hips, and he moves his dick slowly in and out a few times, sighing. Todd's finger slips out of my backside, and I groan a protest. 

"Shhh...I know exactly what you need, baby. Don't worry, you will get it." Expecting to feel his probing digit again, I gasp and start to pull away as I feel something larger pressing into me from behind. Looking back, I whimper as I watch Todd rub his dark red cock against my ass.

"Fuck her ass." Hands gripping my hips and holding me in place, Marks eyes darken as he watches my face. Protesting that he couldn't possibly fit, my face contorts in pleasure/pain as my ass is suddenly impaled deeply. 

There is utter stillness for a few moments, harsh panting as bodies adjust. I tremble with the knowledge that my body is so completely filled, invaded in a way I never thought possible. And I loved it. Loved the possession.

Ever so slowly, we begin to move, finding a rhythm together. Retreating, penetrating, again and again. I begin to whimper louder as their thrusts become vigorous, Todd's cock slamming into me from behind, forcing my cunt down harder onto Marks prick. And I begin a litany of mindless chanting.

"Oh yes...fuck me...give it to me just like that." Mark takes turns licking and sucking my breasts, one then the other. Todd's teeth sink into my neck as though he is an animal trying to hold me in place. It was glorious.

Slipping one hand around my waist and down, Todd's fingers find my clit and he begins to stroke as he pistons his cock in and out of my gaping asshole. Shrieking loudly, my hips buck a bit, and Mark slams into my eager pussy, growling deep in his throat.

"Cum for me Anne...cum on my cock." Encourages Mark.

"I want to shoot my cum in your ass, baby." Pants Todd.

"Oh god...I am going to cum!" I moan loudly. My eyes close as I focus on the building pleasure, that feeling of something incredible about to happen...getting stronger and stronger until it almost hurts, it feels so good. And I shatter into a thousand pieces.

My back arching I shout my release, spurring both men on to finish. Wave after wave rocks my body as their thrusts drag my orgasm out, and I gasp for breath. Shuddering convulsively, I begin to talk them both home.

"Come on baby...cum in my ass...feels so good...mmm...shoot it baby..." Reaching back and gripping his hip, I pull him harder into me and in moments I feel his cock expand and twitch, and my ass is filled with his cream.

Watching the pleasure on my face touches the necessary spark in Mark, and his hips fly up sharply, raising us briefly off the bed as he spends himself in me.

"OOOHHHHH!!!!" I lean down onto his chest, naked flesh upon naked flesh as I murmur nonsensical words in his ear.

After our breathing returns to normal, we sprawl across the bed, and I am cradled between both of them. Without warning, a giggle escapes my lips and soon I am wracked with delighted laughter. The men join in, hands still caressing gently.

I look at one, and then the other with a smile about my lips and say what is on everyone's mind. 

"Looks like we are staying in this weekend."

And we did.