 Delightful Del: Part 4, Amy

It must've only been asleep for a short time when I awoke to the sounds of faint chatter approaching from the water just beyond the rocks that had hidden our sandy hideaway from the remainder of the beach. In a mild panic, I looked across to where Cari was supposed to be lying next to me, but she was gone. Her tiny black bikini and clothes were still bundled on the end of her towel. Given the high tones of the voices, the approaching voices belonged to Cari and another girl.

Being naked in front of a woman while we were on our first date is one thing, but having her bring back another woman whilst I was still in my naked state was something that was way off the charts of my experiences. I wasn't entirely prepared, mentally or physically, to be receiving guests in my current state, and I quickly vacillated between remaining nude or quickly whipping my board shorts back on but in my moment of hesitation, I had run out of time. I tried to act as casually as I could.

Cari rounded the rocks wearing nothing but her sun hat and sunglasses, and clutching a handful of seashells. A young woman appeared at her side seconds later similarly attired. I propped myself up on one arm and drank in the view as their naked spectacularly naked forms were revealed from behind the rock. The women sauntered towards me, hips swaying as they trudged through the soft sand. 

As a contrast to Cari, the young woman was significantly shorter and had a superb hourglass figure with a pair of magnificent breasts that protruded just beyond the width of her torso. I guessed them to be at least C-cups given that she was so petite. Although they were large and did hang slightly creating a thin fold underneath each breast, they had yet to lose their youthful firmness. 

She was curvy but by no means fat and her utterly flawless skin had a tight youthful look to it. I silently hoped that it had the same feel to it as well. Similarly to Cari, her skin it was quite pale; almost porcelain in its appearance, and a spectacular contrast against her almost jet black hair that framed her doll-like face. A perfectly manicured strip of matching coloured hair adorned her pussy, just hiding her clitoris from view. She couldn't have been older than 23.

"Sean, this is Amy," announced Cari. "I met her along the beach when I was collecting shells. I invited her to come and sit with us for a bit, if that's ok," she explained.

I was a little apprehensive about being nude in front of, ostensibly, two complete strangers. I didn't have a body image at all; in fact I was quite proud of my physique, but I had just never been in a social situation whereby everyone was naked and I didn't want to risk offending the girls by having my lustful thoughts of them both betray me in a very visual manner. I was mildly comforted by the casual manner in which both girls conducted themselves. It was apparent that they were very comfortable being naked. I made a conscious effort to be as casual as possible.

"Yeah, that's perfectly ok with me," I replied. As if I'd reject another beautiful naked woman. "Nice to meet you Amy," I said, directing my attention to the beautiful young woman in front of me. "I think we saw you when we got here." 

Amy smiled at me with a pair of impossibly red lips. She leaned forward to offer me her hand and I watched as her large breasts swing down towards me. Her nipples were large and erect. This wasn't going to be easy.

"Hi," she replied as I took her hand in mine to greet her. "Yes that was me," she continued, and stood back up. "I come here quite often, but usually it's completely deserted."

From my lowered vantage point, I had a wonderful view up her entire body and I absorbed as much of her beauty as I could without seeming too obvious. The vibrant metallic red nail polish on each toenail glistened brightly in the direct sunlight and drew my attention to her petite feet wriggling in the sand. A small tattoo of a red love heart adorned the inner side of her right ankle just above her heel.

I brought my attention back up her legs, analysing each curve carefully as I did. They were not toned but they were most certainly very shapely. They were now slightly parted as she rested her weight on one leg, both hands on one hip. Her pussy lips were silhouetted very clearly against the sky behind her and although only her outer lips were visible, I could easily imagine that her inner lips were quite small and delicate. 

Cari had sat down cross legged at the top of her towel near my head and patted the spot next to her, inviting Amy to sit next to her. She sat down next to Cari facing me with one leg curled up beneath and the other with her knee up almost to her chest. The positioning of her legs now afforded me a direct view of her open pussy, and I could now see her inner lips peeking out from behind her larger, puffier pussy lips. The deep red colouring of her inner lips was a perfect match for her luscious red lips. I could also now clearly see her clitoris poking from behind its little hood.

I offered her a beer which she accepted gratefully, her beautifully orbed breasts once again falling forward as she leaned forwards on her knees to retrieve the proffered beer. Her ass poked up in the air as she leaned forward. I had visions of what the view from behind her might look like. Moreover, I imagined what it would be like to slide my cock into her from behind. I quickly extinguished the thought as I felt a familiar stirring in my cock. 

She sat back in her original position and took a long pull from the beer bottle. A small drop ran down her chin and down her chest. I looked over at Cari and it was quite apparent that she was having similar thoughts as she unconsciously traced a finger down her own chest, subconsciously mimicking the path of the drop of beer on Amy's chest. 

I took in the entire site from safely behind my sunglasses, although it was still having an obvious effect on my cock. Thoroughly rested from sex with Cari earlier, it was now starting to become more interested in what I was seeing and reacting accordingly. It twitched once involuntarily as thoughts of these two naked beauties coursed through my mind. The movement must have attracted the attention of both girls because they both looked at it at the same time.

Not wanting to offend our new guest, I excused myself to go and cool off in the water. As I stood up, I noticed both women trying not to stare too intently at my crotch. Whilst I was not yet hard, my cock had become noticeably more enlarged and slap my thighs audibly as I stood up to walk down to the beach. I noticed Cari looking up at me whilst biting her bottom lip. 

The water was refreshingly cool and I swam around in the water for a short while until I was in a better condition to be seen naked. I dived under the water one last time and swam a few meters underwater back towards the beach. I had skinny dipped on the odd occasion but this was the first time I'd ever done it in broad daylight. It was quite refreshing and I felt quite free and relaxed. Perhaps if things worked out well with Cari, I'd get a chance to do this more often. I walked back up onto the beach and returned to the ladies who seemed to be in an animated discussion.

"......and that's why I decided never to wax again." Amy had just apparently just finished a story and Cari was laughing but obviously sympathising with a high degree of pain that Amy had implied. 

"Well I'm not surprised!" exclaimed Cari, laughing in response to the tale.

"Sounds like I missed an interesting conversation," I commented as I returned and stood on my towel looking down at the girls.

Cari reached up and placed her hand on my upper thigh, quite close to my groin and stroked my leg gently as she retold the essentials of Amy's story. 

"Amy was just telling me about a bad waxing experience she had, which is why she decided to go for laser treatment."

The girls had started into another beer each and I suspected that the combination of the heat and the alcohol was starting to have an effect on them both. I sat down on my towel sitting with one knee up and leaned over to grab myself another beer, allowing my cock to fall to one side. If Amy was going to give me a show, I may as well give her a little one in return. 

"Really?" I enquired of Amy. "Isn't laser treatment a bit more permanent?" 

"Yeah, but waxing always left me with red welts for days afterwards. This way, it's much smoother too." 

I took this as an open opportunity to look directly at her smooth pussy lips under her neatly manicured patch of jet black pubic hair without the threat of seeming like a pervert. It certainly looked quite smooth from where I was sitting. I looked at Cari's pussy lips as a comparison. Considering I had just become quite intimate with Cari's pussy earlier, it was completely unnecessary for me to look at it. I knew that it was quite smooth, aside from the small amount of plumage that remained above. I looked anyway, not wanting to waste a prime opportunity.

"I didn't realise there was a difference," I said, quite innocently.

"Of course there's a difference," exclaimed Cari. "Here, feel me." She grabbed my hand and placed it directly on her pussy and started to rub it along her lips. The efforts of my swim had just gone completely to waste as my cock began to harden.

From the corner of my eye, I could see that Amy had started to spread her legs a little wider in anticipation for something that I had no idea was about to come.

"Now feel Amy," Cari ordered, releasing my hand so that I could do the same to this young beautiful stranger in front of me. 

I looked over at Amy now and asked if that was ok. She smiled at me brightly and nodded. She shifted a little closer to me and spread her legs wider still to allow me complete and unrestricted access to her beautiful smooth pussy lips.

I moved my hand closer until it made contact with one of her outer lips and gently rubbed its length down towards her ass. It definitely felt smooth but it was difficult to determine which of the two was smoother.

Cari had raised herself up and was on her knees beside me. She rested one hand on my shoulder and the other on my upper thigh as I slid a finger along Amy's pussy lips, one side then the other feeling the softness and smoothness of her skin. 

"Doesn't that feel nice and smooth?" asked Cari, almost whispering into my ear.

"Yeah, it does," I replied. "But I have a better idea to feel the difference between you both."

I put down my beer in the sand to free up my other hand. I then placed the free hand directly on Cari's pussy as she remained kneeling beside me. My hand was still cold from nursing the beer and she gasped as it made contact directly on her clitoris. I began to stroke her clit gently with one finger as I ran another down her slit, coating it with the wetness that had suddenly appeared. I ran my slick finger up to her clitoris and started making circles around it, gently.

I started to rub Amy's pussy a little more firmly with all my fingers, gently spreading her lips as I went. As I rubbed back towards the top, I continued to her clitoris and started to stroke it as I was doing with Cari. Amy let out an audible gasp. 

Cari had started to move her hips in a very sensuous rhythm as I slowly began to penetrate her with my middle finger. I allowed her to fuck my finger as I paid a little more attention to Amy. She had closed her eyes and had tilted her head back, thrusting her ample breasts up towards me. As with Cari, I slowly inserted a finger into her open pussy and began to fuck her with it whilst rubbing her clit with my thumb. She too began to gyrate on my hand.

I turned to Cari. She was watching me finger Amy. I leaned towards her and kissed her passionately. Her tongue intertwined with mine and I immediately started to pick up my pace with her, stroking her from the inside in a 'come here' motion. I rubbed her clitoris with my thumb in the same rhythm as I was doing with Amy. Both my hands were getting quite wet with the juices from each girl as the writhed around on my hands, fucking my fingers.

My cock had gone rock hard by this stage and was aching for some attention. I withdrew my fingers from Amy's dripping snatch and place my hand directly onto my cock, coating it with her juices. I grasped my rigid shaft and started stroking it, my fingers slipping effortlessly up and down. I leaned forward again and kissed Cari passionately, my finger still inside her very well lubricated cunt.

As I continued kissing Cari, I felt Amy's hand on top of my own that was stroking my cock. She pried my fingers open and I released my cock. I broke my kiss off with Cari and looked down to see that Amy had come forward on her hands and knees and was guiding my cock into her open mouth. 

Cari had started gently squeezing Amy's breast and gently tweaking her nipple. I placed my free hand on the back of Amy's neck and cupped it gently as her head moved up and down on my cock. I lay back down on the towel and Amy immediately crawled between my knees and resumed her work on my shaft with a renewed vigour. Cari straddled my head facing Amy so that her dripping cunt was mere centimetres from my face. 

I raised my head and licked the entire length of her pussy from her clitoris to her puckering little asshole, eliciting an audible gasp from Cari. I selfishly suckled her clitoris for a few minutes as if it were a small teat. I worked feverishly on her pussy until she suddenly removed herself from my face. I lifted my head to see Amy working my cock with both her hands and her mouth. She lifted her head and continued to pump my cock with both her hands. Our eyes met. She shifted her position, turned around and lifter her ass into the air facing me. Cari replaced her hands for Amy's and whispered in my ear, "I want to watch you fuck her."

I wasn't about to argue. I got to my knees and allowed Cari to guide my cock into Amy's waiting pussy. Amy looked back at me as I spread her pussy lips with my hand. Again I asked her if it was ok. She smiled and nodded.

"You can fuck me but please don't cum in me."

Despite her very well lubricated cunt, Amy was very tight and I found it difficult to slide my cock into her. With her manipulation, I was eventually able to slide it in to the hilt. Once my cock was in, Cari moved to the front of Amy and positioned herself so that Amy could eat her pussy.

I steadily pistoned my cock in and out of Amy's tight cunt as she feverishly worked on Cari's slick pussy. Cari was clearly enjoying Amy's efforts; one hand was resting behind her head whilst she ran her fingers through Amy's hair with the other, gently pushing her further into her pussy. Her eyes were closed in intense concentration and I could see her stomach muscles tensing up in anticipation of an impending orgasm. Amy moaned louder as I drove my cock deeper into her. I could feel the tips of her fingers brushing against my cock as she played with her pussy with one hand, holding herself up with the other.

I could see Cari starting to labour with her breathing and I sensed that she was very close to orgasm. Her stomach muscles contracting faster and faster. Amy too had dramatically increased her masturbatory act, her fingers brushing against my cock faster and faster as she worked her way to her own concurrent orgasm. I could also feel that familiar swelling in my cock. The gentle brushing of Amy's fingertips along my cock was an interesting and very erotic experience, and was exceptionally stimulating. Although I was consciously aware of Amy's earlier request of not coming in her, I had a very primal urge to ignore it and plant my seed deep in her womb. These sinful thoughts urged my orgasm on along with the spectacular view I had of Amy's shapely arse and Cari's spreadeagle form.

I felt my orgasm rise and I knew it would be only moments before it would come crashing down around me. I pumped harder and faster still tormented with my primal urges struggling against my better judgement. Cari climaxed, her entire body tensing up momentarily before shuddering uncontrollably. She nearly screamed as the orgasm tore its way through her body. Amy followed almost immediately, grunting and moaning as her cunt began to convulse around my cock in its own attempt to massage the cum out of me. I couldn't wait another second. I made a snap judgement to be honourable and pulled my cock out of Amy's pussy just as my first shot of cum spewed from the end of my cock. It splashed against her asshole and started running down into her still open cunt. The next shot struck a bit lower and splashed against her fingers that were still massaging her clit. She moved her hand back along her pussy and up to her asshole. She began rubbing my cum all over her asshole, slipping the tip of one finger inside, and then down towards her cunt where she began to finger herself with her two middle fingers forcing some of my cum into her pussy. 

I continued to pump my cock as the last remnants of my orgasm dripped from the end of it. I moved closer and allowed some of my cum to drip onto her fingers as they moved in and out of her tight wet pussy. She withdrew her fingers from her pussy and grasped my still hard cock, and started to stroke it up and down her pussy lips. Without notice she moved her ass back onto my cock and I felt myself slip into the velvety warmth of her tight wet cunt again. She pumped on my cock a few times to make sure I had given up all my offerings before moving forward off my cock.

Looking back at me she smiled. "You were right Cari," she announced with a slight air of familiarity, "his cock feels really good." 

"I told you I'd find us a good one," replied Cari.

The puzzled look on my face must have been all too obvious. Cari laughed and then apologised. "I'm sorry, Sean," she started. "I'd like you to meet Amy, my housemate."

"You know each other?" I asked incredulously.

The girls were now sitting next to each other casually stroking each other on the arms, thighs and torso.

"Actually she's more than just a housemate; she's my lover."

My head spun and I sat back down on my towel. I laughed as it all sunk in. Cari had obviously told Amy about our date and had asked her to come along. How I fitted in I could only guess, but this had certainly turnout to be one of the best first dates I'd ever have.

We all spent the rest of the afternoon on the beach together, swimming, drinking, talking and fucking until the sun began to set.

We all saw a lot more of each other for the next few months, although Cari's self-prominence was noticeable. She seemed to be the alpha female of the two. Still, the fun times continued in a variety of locations and I quickly discovered their penchant for outdoor sex, which I was all too happy to oblige.

Sadly, the arrangement ended when I stopped by their place unannounced only to find Amy at home. She invited me in explaining that Cari had gone out for a while. One thing lead to another and we ended up fucking all over the house. Amy and I were fucking doggystyle on the lounge floor when Cari opened the front door. I had just started to pump a load of cum into Amy's tight cunt too. Cari went batshit crazy at us both calling us both cheats and liars. I copped a few blows from her handbag as she lashed out at me. Apparently Amy and I needed her permission to fuck first. I didn't realise there were rules. 

After the dust had settled, Cari said that she didn't want to see me anymore because I was, according to her, a cheating asshole. Cari also broke up with Amy for the same reason. Amy told me that we shouldn't see each other anymore either because of the guilt she felt cheating on Cari.

Oh well, it was a shit tonne of fun while it lasted, and Cari did teach me a lot of amazing massage techniques.
