 I really appreciate your votes and am delighted with your feedback from my first two stories, "The Gentle Intruder" and "Delilah's Overnight Guest". Keep an eye peeled for many more exciting stories about the sexually charged adventures of Delilah and John. I encourage your feedback as I seek to erotically please my audience, and please be kind enough to cast your vote to let me know if I'm hitting that mark.

Delilah whistled a happy tune while getting dressed for her shopping trip with her friend Karen. Shopping was her favorite hobby. As a matter of fact, when John would send her out with a charge card and orders to get "all dolled up", she was one happy woman.

John stood in the doorway of the bedroom watching her. He could watch her all day. Delilah bent over to pull on her jeans exposing her red satin covered treasure and his manhood leaped in his shorts. What a sight she was to behold. Long slender legs capped with a supple rounded behind that just made his mouth water. Her hips tapered into a small waist, and her long auburn tresses flowed like liquid fire down the silky skin of her back. She turned to see John leaning on the doorframe, his eyes looking at her full breasts. Her nipples hardened into balls and jutted out from their dusky rose beds under his gaze. 

"Well, well. Just what do we have here? A peeping John?" Delilah laughed as she pretended modesty, covering her breasts with her hands.

John crossed the room and stood before her. "God woman, you are so beautiful, and I'm so lucky, not to mention horny." Fighting the urge to make love to her right that minute, he handed her the olive green v-neck sweater lying on the bed. "Now finished getting dressed and get outta here, or you're going to be very late meeting Karen, if you get my drift."

Delilah pretended to pout when John began to walk away. "Oh John. Now you've got me all juicy thinking about it."

"Good. You just hold that thought and you'll really be wound up by the time I give it to you later." He smirked over his shoulder as he continued walking out the door. John smiled to himself thinking about what was to come.

* * * * * 

Delilah frowned as she made one more pass down the lane of the parking lot searching for an empty space. She couldn't believe how the mall traffic was gearing up already for holiday shopping. "I'm glad my shopping is almost done, and I don't have to be out is this maddening crowd." She thought as she finally maneuvered her Dodge Durango into a spot at the far end of the row. 

Shoppers seemed frantic as they clutched their bargain buys and rushed past Delilah in both directions like speed racers. John had sent her out with orders to buy something slinky and sexy for her office Christmas Party. He always loved it when she got dressed up for something special. Even though it was still a few weeks until the party, he wanted her to have plenty of time to find something she wanted. She giggled as she thought, "I guess that should be something John wants." For Delilah knew John's pattern. Once she brought the outfit home, John had her lay everything out, including the lingerie, on the bed in the spare bedroom. He would visit the room often and envision Delilah dressed in the sexy array. This built his excitement for the big night, and always resulted in John's undressing her on the way home in anticipation of what the night was yet to bring. Was it any wonder, Delilah enjoyed these shopping excursions?

Delilah spotted Karen sitting in the coffee shop sipping a latte. She was tapping her long fingers on the table to the beat of the Christmas tunes echoing through the air over crackling speakers. Delilah watched her friend for a few seconds. Karen was still her favorite among all her friends. She and Delilah had been friends since their early childhood. In fact, it was Karen and Delilah who gave each other most of their sex education. They would practice every technique they read about or heard someone else talk about on each other. From French kissing to finger fucking, they had grown up quite close. 

"It's about time." Karen scolded as Delilah joined her. "Let me guess. John wouldn't let you out of the house without a quickie this morning, right? I swear Delilah; I don't know who is more oversexed between the two of you. You've been together for years, and you still act like sex-starved teenagers."

"Careful Karen, that green-eyed monster is seeping through your pretty blue eyes." Delilah laughed. "And for your information, it was the traffic and not John."

"Yeah, I guess I am a little jealous. After ten years and two kids, Ben's attention has dwindled far below my expectations."

"Aww Honey. I know how disappointed you are, but believe me, if there's a problem; it's Ben and not you. You're still a hotty." Delilah comforted her friend as she stood and planted a kiss on Karen's forehead. "Now let's get going."

Karen and Delilah visited a few of the more exclusive stores and laughed and giggled as Delilah tried on various outfits. A couple of times while shopping, Delilah caught Karen surveying her with a sly grin on her face, but Delilah questioning Karen's expression only brought protests from Karen that she was being silly, and that Karen was simply admiring Delilah's still lush figure. Delilah noticed a few times in the dressing room, Karen would slide her hands seductively across her skin as she would help Delilah in and out of dresses. It had been quite a while since Karen and Delilah had had any real intimate play with each other. Karen's touch still felt really good and although she joked about how her figure had gone to pot after two kids, Delilah still got turned on just looking at her. As Delilah's fashion search progressed, Karen's touches got a little more intimate and lingered just a little longer. Once she even stood behind Delilah and reached around to fondle both her breasts. 

"Mmm, I still remember how sweet these tasted when I used to suck on them." Karen crooned as she squeezed Delilah's firm tits and rubbed the nipples with her thumbs. Needless to say, Karen's slow seductive teasing was getting Delilah hot and wet. 

Delilah's body trembled beneath Karen's soft hands, "Better watch out Karen. You may be starting a fire you'll have to put out."

"Now wouldn't that just be a shame." Karen giggled. "Ever done it in a dressing room before, Kitten?"

"Not yet." Delilah giggled back and turned giving Karen's lips a soft brush with hers. "Now be a honey and get this for me in a size 8." Delilah swatted Karen's shapely behind and ushered her out the dressing room door.

Of course, John knew about Delilah and Karen's past intimacies. They have a bond of honesty between them, and a love so strong and exciting that after several years they still can't keep their hands off of each other no matter where they are. Delilah knew it would excite John to know how Karen was trying to seduce her, and that made her even hotter. This afternoon as she fucked him, she would tell him all about it so she could feel him stiffen even harder inside her hot cunt.

Finally at store # 5, and after trying on a total of 15 dresses, Delilah found the one she wanted; a Christmas green cocktail dress. It had spaghetti straps, and hugged her curves just the way John liked. The built in bra pushed her full breasts up into inviting cleavage, and the slit on the side made it even more sexy as it showed a good deal of her tanned thigh. Delilah knew John would like this one. He always complimented her when she wore green saying it made her auburn hair shimmer. As Delilah turned around checking it out in the mirrors, she commented to Karen, "Well Karen, I do believe this will get John's motor running, don't you?"

Facing the mirror, Delilah bent down to put on a pair of gold sling-back heels to get the full effect. When she came back up, Karen stepped up behind her. Karen's hands came around Delilah's waist and slid up to her breasts. 

"Well, I sure know it has mine." Karen purred, reaching her hands inside the bodice and closing them around Delilah's breasts. As Karen fondled her breasts and massaged her nipples, Delilah couldn't help but lean back into her a little. Karen lowered her head to kiss the very sensitive spot on Delilah's neck that she had discovered many years ago. She pressed her female heat against Delilah's firm backside and slowly rocked her hips against Delilah's. Bringing her hands around to hold Karen's hips, Delilah pulled Karen tight against her, and pushed her ass hard against Karen's mound. The moist heat between Delilah's legs was building again. She had always loved the way Karen would seduce her, but still she closed my eyes to picture John standing there watching them. Delilah could see John in her mind's eye, standing there against the mirror massaging his growing bulge. Just as Delilah was getting into the grinding and the visualization, Karen stopped. Delilah opened her eyes and looked straight ahead into the mirror to see Karen's reflection. 

Karen was looking into the mirror and grinning. "You're still my sexy girl, Delilah, but before I get carried away I want to go get something I saw out in the store that I want to see on you. Get yourself out of that dress and I'll be right back." And with a quick kiss on Delilah's bare shoulder, away she went.

Delilah was a little confused at Karen's behavior, but followed her command and began taking off the dress. She had just pulled it up and her head was inside the dress when she heard the dressing room door open and Karen giggle, "Well now there's a sight to behold; your cute little ass shaking in that red thong while trying to get your dress off. Here let me help."

As Delilah waited for Karen to help, she felt hands her on my ass. Wait a minute! Those aren't Karen's hands! They are too rough, too big. Those are the hands of a man. "Karen, what is this?" Delilah asked raising her voice.

"Relax, Delilah. I told you there was something in the store I wanted to see on you, and here he is." Karen said laughing. 

Delilah began to struggle to get the dress off as the hands started to move around to the front of her body and pull her against a noticeably firm bulge. "Stop it! Karen, what is going on here?" She began struggling harder to free herself from the hands and the dress.

She felt someone step in front of her, and realized it was Karen as she reached up to grab Delilah's wrists and stop her struggling. Then the male hands begin a sensual massage of her abdomen, but she was too upset to give in to the feelings. 

"Karen, please, don't do this." Delilah begs. 

The hands work their way lower, and they sneak underneath the fabric of her thong and slide down to her mons pubis and begin a rotating massage. The bulge pressed against her ass is straining against its cover. Delilah feels one of the male hands reach between her ass cheeks and slide sensuously down the crack of her ass as it works the zipper down to release the pent up cock. She feels the velvet heat of the steeled cock push against her ass. 

"Oh my gawd, how could Karen do this to me?" Delilah's heart is nearly pounding out of her chest, but the struggle, the massaging hand, the hard cock has raised a forbidden excitement between her legs.

Karen pushes the dress further up Delilah's body and cups a tit in her free hand and tweaks the nipple which despite Delilah's protests has grown erect. 

"Delilah...relax Baby. It's all right...I promise...it's all right. You know I wouldn't do anything to hurt you. Just give in to it. You know you want to...so just let go, Baby, let go." Karen whispers through the material of the dress separating their faces.

It's then Delilah realizes there is a familiarity in the intimate touch of the male hands. The massaging hand moves a little lower and one finger slides over her clit in much too familiar movement. "John? John, is that you?"

There is nothing but silence from the stranger touching her most private treasures, but she feels a feather light kiss brush against her back. The same feather light kiss John often gives her as they finish heated lovemaking. Delilah's tension eases as she accepts John's silent confirmation. His free hand reaches to his cock and slides it in between the white orbs of her ass and the head stops at the opening of her love tunnel. Slowly John moves his hips back pulling the head back to the edge of her ass, and then slowly he moves his hips forward again applying upward pressure to his cock so that it rakes a light pressure over Delilah's anal opening as it slides past on the way back to her pussy. She moans and pushes against him. This is a move John knows she loves.

Karen whispers through the fabric, "See Delilah, I told you it was alright. I could never do anything to hurt you." Karen kisses Delilah's cheek through the dress and then Karen replaces her working fingers on Delilah's tit with her mouth.

"Mmmmm...Karen...John", Delilah moans softly as the two tease her senses. Karen sucks Delilah's nipple deep into her mouth, and John repeats his seductive strokes from her asshole to her pussy. Delilah's pussy is almost dripping with the juices John and Karen are creating.

Karen and John stop just long enough to move Delilah toward the padded bench across from the mirror. Delilah tries to remove the dress and Karen stops her. "No Baby leave it where it is for now." Karen commands. 

John remains silent as he positions Delilah on her knees on the bench and removes her thong. Karen sits on the bench as Delilah kneels on all fours. Karen's fingers begin to play with her tit again, and then Delilah feels John's breath blow hot on her ass. John's tongue draws circles on the cheeks of her ass. He moves his tongue lower and lower with each circle and finally draws the tip of his tongue around the tight opening to Delilah's ass. John knows how to drive her crazy with his more than well educated tongue.

"Oooo..." Delilah exclaims as John pokes the hot tip of his tongue through the opening briefly and then lick its with the flat of his tongue.

John moves his tongue lower and licks around the sides of the opening to her pussy. Then he licks down each side of her pussy lips and back up again. He remains silent. The only sound is the reverent lapping of John's tongue against Delilah's hot flesh, and Karen's soft moans as she suckles at Delilah's sweet rose tips. John's fingers part Delilah's passion swollen lips and his tongue flicks her clit. She jumps and squeals at the sudden assault against the sensitive bud. 

"Quiet!" Commands Karen, her fingers against Delilah's lips, "We can't have shoppers thinking your getting fucked in her, Love!" With that, she pulls the dress the rest of the way off and moves in to kiss Delilah's full pouting lips. Karen buries her tongue deep in Delilah's mouth as John buries his tongue deep inside her juicy cunt. Delilah moans into Karen's mouth as John sucks her juices onto his searching tongue. Karen breaks their kiss and moves to sit in a chair next to the mirror. Delilah turns to watch Karen as she props one foot up on the bench, raises her skirt and pulling her white lace panties aside begins to play with her own snatch and watch John hungrily eat Delilah's wet pussy. Delilah finally gets her first glimpse of John in the mirror. His face is shoved between her legs busily sucking her love hole and licking her dripping cunt lips. John stands and looks at Delilah in the mirror and then at Karen seated next to it fingering her neatly trimmed box. He inserts two fingers in Delilah's pussy and massages her tight bung hole with his thumb. She rocks against his fingers and watches as he unfastens his jeans and drops them in a puddle around his ankles. John moves behind Delilah and positions his massive erection at the opening of her now dripping box. He works it in circles wetting the head and draws it back to position it against her anal opening. With an easy pressure John rocks his hips back and forth gently pushing the head against the tight opening forcing it to open slightly with each push.

Karen and Delilah both moan at the sight of John paused to enter her. Karen's fingers quicken their motion and John and Delilah are compelled to watch as she inserts her fingers into her own dripping pussy. Karen never takes her eyes off John's steel cock. Again John teases them by wetting his cock at the opening of Delilah's pussy and going back to push against her anal ring. This time a little more forcefully. Delilah starts to rock back and forth on her knees pushing against his forward thrust. 

"Ooooo...This is so delicious...so fucking hot...feeling you against my ass and watching Karen fucking her own cunt." Delilah moans softly as she pushes her ass against John's steel shaft.

John moans at her seductive words. Delilah loves to talk dirty when they fuck and it has such a profound effect on him. He feels his cock swell inside her with growing urgent need.

Their eyes remain fixed on Karen and hers fixed on John's cock. John moves his cock down to Delilah's luscious pussy and thrusts it in, in one full hard thrust, and doesn't stop until his balls slap against her clit, and then he stops moving completely. Delilah wants to scream it feels sooooo good, but to keep her silence, she bites her lip. 

Karen's voice hoarse with passion urges him quietly, "Fuck her John. Fuck her now!"

"Yes, Fuck me now John." Delilah continues Karen's thought. "Karen wants to see your beautiful cock fill me up and then pump me full of your cum."

"Oh yes, Delilah, talk dirty to him Baby. Watching you two fuck is the hottest thing I've ever seen." Karen's hoarse whisper rises in volume with each word. "Ooooh, gawd, you two have me so hot."

John maintains his silence. His cock, still lodged in Delilah, is harder and bigger than any other erection he's ever had before. Watching Karen play with her sexy pussy and feeling the velvet hot walls of Delilah's white hot cunt grip him tightly is exciting him beyond all reason. Slowly John starts to move the full length of his shaft in and out, increasing his speed a little with each stroke. His thumb presses through Delilah's anal ringlet and her knees just about give way from her excitement.

"Yesss.." Karen coaches "Give it to her John. Talk to me Delilah, Baby. Please Kitten, talk to me."

John and Delilah's eyes meet in their reflections in the mirror. They see the heat of passion blazing in their eyes. They return to watching Karen as she strokes her clit and fucks herself rapidly. 

"That's right Karen. Fuck yourself as John fucks me. Watch him push his cock up inside my hole." Delilah's low sultry words fueling her heat, Karen leans her head back closing her eyes for a moment and moans. Then Delilah turns her commands to John, "John, put your cock into me as deep as you can. Push it in hard and deep. Watch Karen fuck herself while you fuck my cunt. Oohhh yesss, Baby... fuck my ass with your thumb while your cock fucks my pussy. Fuck me for Karen, Baby...fuck my cunt for Karen." 

Delilah's words push them all closer to the edge of orgasm. Her thrusts against John become more urgent as he reaches around to grab her nipple. The deep hard thrusts of John's cock rapidly bringing her to the brink of ecstasy, she feels him tense behind her.

"Karen...open your eyes." Delilah commands. She opens her eyes and fixes them again on John's thrusting cock. "We're getting ready to cum, Karen. John is fucking me hard and we're going to cum. Cum now, Karen. Cum for me. Fuck yourself harder and cum Baby. Show Delilah how fucking hot you are."

Karen bites her lip as she begins to cum at Delilah's command. Her body thrashing in the chair bucking against her fingers and her creamy cunt juices flow out covering her fingers and her tight asshole. John and Delilah increase their thrusts as watching Karen cum takes them to the moment they've been waiting for. Delilah strokes her clit and John fucks her full force as his rod tightens and then explodes with sweet streams of cum jetting into her own exploding tunnel. Delilah nearly screams out loud feeling that scorching heat jettison into her. John's grunts out a low guttural moan as he shoots his load deep into Delilah and then leans down to kiss her back as his softening cock releases from her dripping box. 
