 Delilah hung up the phone and giggled like a schoolgirl. She clapped her hands and rubbed them together as her mind began to plot and plan what fun she would be having in the very near future. Karen was coming to visit. It had been so long since the two of them had been able to spend any real time together. They were best friends growing up, and roommates after college, until Karen married when they were 28. 

Karen’s husband, Ben, was nice enough, but he was all business, all the time, and to Delilah’s way of thinking, a prude. Delilah had been totally surprised when Karen announced their wedding plans. Karen and Ben were certainly opposites. Karen was as outgoing as Ben was reserved, and her every move screamed “sex” where Ben’s screamed “boring”. Ben had always seemed the type who had been brought up to believe sex was strictly for reproductive purposes, never done anywhere but the bedroom and never in any other but the missionary position. Karen had told Delilah he was well endowed, if only he would loosen up and let her teach him how to use it.

Delilah and Karen had shared everything openly through all their years as friends. Their earliest sexual explorations were with each other. Experimenting upon one another with everything they heard about or read, became a must for the two; from French kissing to finger fucking, they experienced it all together. Even after Karen’s marriage, they remained close, sharing their love life details, and over the years even a few intimate interludes. 

When Delilah married John just a few years ago, Karen was thrilled with her choice for a second husband. Even though John was twenty years their senior, Karen thought he was exciting and sexy, and she even shared with Delilah that she was a tad bit jealous. 

Delilah loved Karen and knew she hadn’t been happy with Ben for many years, but stuck it out for the sake of her two sons, who were now 19 and 18. Now that the boys were pretty much on their own, Karen was trying to make some decisions, and so she called Delilah and asked if she could come spend a long weekend for some girl talk. Delilah was delighted, and since John was going away on a hunting trip from Friday until Sunday, the two would have the house to themselves for some serious “girl time”.

They only lived an hour and a half away from each other, but sometimes, it seemed as if it was the other side of the world. Karen would be arriving Thursday night and stay until Tuesday morning, so Delilah took a few days off from work to have extra time to spend with Karen.

Thursday finally arrived. Delilah had brought in wine, some extra goodies, and even made some pretty strong Jell-O shots, something she and Karen used to love back in their “younger” days. Delilah expected Karen would be plenty ready to party hardy and let her hair down for a few days.

With everything set in place, Delilah decided to shower. She turned on the water and while she waited for it to warm, she surveyed her body in the full-length mirror on the door. She had always been happy with the way she looked. She was a handsome woman, and she felt she was blessed with being able to keep herself looking young without a lot of effort. Even though in her late 40’s, she only looked thirty-something. Her long auburn tresses cascaded down in waves midway of her back. It had been so unruly in her childhood, a natural curly mess, but as she grew into womanhood, it grew sensual and its silky softness complimented her ivory skin and jade green eyes. Her full breasts swayed gently and the cool air of the bathroom had teased her nipples into cherry peaks seated in her large dusty coral areola. Delilah brought her hands up and gently drug her fingernails across her nipples. She gasped lightly at the sensation and then kneaded her breasts in her hands and rolled her nipples through her fingers. She liked the way her waistline gave way to a full set of hips, and a supple round derriere. Delilah slid her hands down the curves of her hips and over her bottom. Turning slightly she pulled her cheeks apart and moved her fingers up over her tight ringlet. Again she gasped. Her eyes now dreamy with the warmth she was supplying her erogenous zones, she looked at the reflection of her shaved pussy. Her clit was hidden like a prize in the firm pouting pink lips. She moistened a finger in her mouth and placed it just above the inviting slit. She hesitated only briefly before sending in search of her hooded maiden. Her finger was met with the moist heat stored in her nether lips, and she moaned quietly as it moved slowly over its target. 

She continued her massage as she stepped into the shower and lowered her self to the shower seat. She removed the shower wand and turned the jets to the pulse sitting. Delilah cocked one leg up on the shower wall and dropped the other outward to allow full access to her craving womanhood. She aimed the pulsating stream directly on her now pulsating clit. “Ummmm…” She groaned as the jets pounded forcefully against her sensitive button. It was good, very good, but not enough. She reached for the cylinder shaped bottle of vanilla shower gel, and after soaping the dome cap, brought it to her opening. Delilah pushed the cap inside her hot wet cunt and sighed. She needed to be filled and this would have to do for now. She pumped the bottle deeper and deeper as the water pounded her clit.

“Mmmmm…oh, yesss…” She groaned as she filled her hot pussy with her makeshift lover. Faster and faster she pumped as the water carried her closer to her orgasm. Her eyes were closed and her back pressed tightly against the wall. She was fucking herself harder and harder as her body carried her release to her, and then she arched her back and her surroundings exploded into bursts of bright lights as her climax gripped her. She shuddered as each wave of her orgasm swept over her, and then she quietly removed the cylinder and moved the water upward to feel its warmth flowing over her head and face.

Delilah finished her shower enjoying how sensitive her post-orgasmic skin was under her soapy fingers. She stepped out, toweled dry and blow-dried her hair. She dressed only in her powder blue Capris, the stretchy fabric clung to her full curves and her long shapely thighs, and a long white sweater which was cut in a low vee-cut and had four tiny pearl buttons which she decided to leave undone allowing more of her cleavage to show. No undies; how she loved that feel of freedom. She tied her hair back in a powder blue ribbon, and headed downstairs to start dinner.

She heard John pull into the garage, and mixed him a screwdriver. 

“Hi Baby Girl. You look yummy,”” John cooed as he walked over to her and gave her a gentle kiss. Baby Girl was his favorite pet name for her. He said it was fitting since she was so much younger, and it made him feel like a dirty old man when people checked them out together.

“Hi Darling.” Delilah said, placing the drink in his hand. “Good day?”

“Samey same, Sweetheart, except for one saving grace. I’m outta there for four whole days. Yahooey!” He exclaimed waving his hands in the air as if doing a hallelujah.

“I’ll be glad when you decide you are ready to retire. I know you like being so involved in your company, but I sure would like to see more of you.” Delilah said, pretending to pout.

“Aw, Baby Girl.” John comforted Delilah. He took her in his arms, and then stroked her cheek with the back of his drink filled hand. “Honey, if I were here all the time, we would stay plumb tuckered out. You know I can’t keep my hands off you.”

Delilah giggled, “Yeah, I guess you’re right. You being at the office is probably a lot healthier for both of us.”

The doorbell rang and Delilah nearly leaped from John’s arms as she headed for the door and beamed, “It’s Karen! God, this is gonna be a great weekend.”

“I just bet it is.” John commented quietly to himself as he watched her cute ass walk down the hallway. He knew Delilah and Karen were a lot more than just “close friends”, and he figured, knowing the two of them, a little bit more than girl talk would go on this weekend while he was away. He felt a little pang of jealousy at having to miss the action, but he had already planned this trip with his brother, Jake, and couldn’t back out now. Jake would have his hide. He gulped down the rest of his drink and headed in to greet Karen.

“Karen!” Delilah shouted gleefully, grabbing Karen’s hand and pulling her into a bear hug. “Honey, it seems like it’s been ages instead of two months.”

“I know, I know.” Karen said dropping her overnight bag to return Delilah’s hug. Spying John coming down the hall, she pulled away from Delilah, and headed for him. “Ah yes, here he is; the man of our dreams. I should have found you first. You would have never given that red-headed floozy a second look.” Wrapping her arms tightly around his neck, she strained up to plant a passionate kiss on his lips. John looked a little surprised. His arms slowly closed around her back and his hands slid down to the bare skin of her hips just above the waistband of her hip hugger jeans. He felt his manhood move as he touched her warm bare skin. Gheez, if she didn’t let go soon, he’d have a full-fledged woody.

“Now look here, missy, did you come here to visit me or throw yourself at my husband?” Laughed Delilah, placing her hands on her hips pretending agitation. She knew Karen loved to tease John, and frankly she enjoyed watching her do so. 

Delilah watched as Karen hugged her body up to John’s. Karen’s pretty trim figure was crowned with dark brown shoulder length hair. Her eyes were the color of warm chocolate and her full lips always looked the color of pink cotton candy. Her breasts were somewhat smaller than Delilah’s and her narrow hips tapered into long curvy legs. Delilah loved the natural olive color of Karen’s skin, and though they looked so different, people often asked if they were sisters because they were so similar in personality. That’s why Karen’s decision to marry Ben had been such a puzzle to her. Oh well, to each their own.

“Ah-hem, Karen? Would you mind letting John up for air?” Delilah tapped Karen on the shoulder. 

Karen broke her hold on John, and he actually stumbled back a couple of steps a little stunned at her unusually aggressive move. “Wow, Kar! It’s good to see you too.” John stammered.

“Sorry Delilah. I just thought he ought to know what he missed out on.” She laughed winking back at John. He grinned, adjusted the uncomfortably placed bulge in his slacks, and picked up her overnight bag.

“I’ll take this to the guest room girls, while you two catch up. I’m want to take a shower and pack before you get dinner ready, Baby. See you two in a bit.” John announced as he strolled down the hall.

“I’m sooo glad you’re here, Karen. Lordy, I’ve missed you.” Delilah gave Karen a gentle kiss on her lips. “This is going to be great this weekend, huh?”

“Really great, Kitten. I’ve been dying to spend some time with you. I’ve got something to talk over with you and I didn’t want to do it over the phone.” Karen revealed as she followed Delilah back to the kitchen. She climbed up and straddled a barstool. She watched Delilah’s full bottom sashay across the kitchen to the stove, and her mouth almost watered. 

“So what’s up? You want to tell me about now or wait till we’re alone?” Delilah turned to Karen, and saw the concerned look on her face.

“Oh it’ll keep. Let’s just have some fun for a while. The serious junk can come later.” Karen smiled through her knitted brow. “Hey, can we start out with a couple of those Jell-O shots for appetizers?”

“Sure Kar, but be forewarned, I made them pretty strong. They’re your favorites too, peach with an added kick.” Delilah pulled the tray from the fridge and offered them to Karen.

“You mean you put in Vodka and Peach Schnapps? Wow, those will be butt kickers.” Karen took two and waited for Delilah. 

“Cheers!” they said in sync, and turned up the shots. Delilah watched from the corner of eye as Karen’s tongue darted into the clear container and forced the shot into her mouth. She felt her pussy tingle at the memory of that tongue working magic on her sex. Karen was as much a part of her heart and desire as John. She was sure Karen felt the same way. Delilah removed her shot from the cup and held it in her teeth. She moved to Karen, and bent her head down. Karen’s lips met Delilah’s and took her half of the shot. They swallowed, still lip to lip, and then Karen’s tongue swept into Delilah’s mouth and searched for its counterpart. Delilah’s tongue met Karen’s and fenced playfully. They wrapped their arms around each other and melted into a sensuous kiss that lasted quite some time, content in just holding one another suspended in this warm feeling of love.

“I love you Delilah.” Karen sighed as they finally released their holds. “And I’m so grateful to have you as my best friend.”

“You know I feel the same way. You are precious to me.” Delilah whispered back as she placed a hand on each side of Karen’s face and kissed her forehead.

“Hey you girls need to be alone?” John queried, as he came into the kitchen.

“No Darling. Karen and I were just saying hello properly.” Delilah said offering John a Jell-O shot.

“Hmmm. Sorry I missed that.” John smiled, sucking the shot into his mouth. “I hate having to leave you two all alone this weekend, but duty calls. In other words, Jake will kick my butt if I cancel on him, even though I know the real fun will be right here.”

“Sorry ‘bout your luck, Honey.” Delilah giggled, smacking John on the bottom. “Let’s eat dinner.”

Dinner was filled with small talk about family and mutual friends, John’s and Delilah’s jobs, and jokes. The dinner wine added to their already giddy moods. Afterwards, they went into the den. The girls sunk into the overstuffed couch, giggling and holding hands while John built a fire. They played a couple of games of “Dirty Word” Scrabble, and did a few more Jell-O shots. The trio teased each other with sexual innuendos and brazen touching throughout the games.

At 10:00pm, John announced he hated to leave such sexy company, but he had to get to bed since he was meeting Jake at 5am for their trip. The girls laughed and called him a party pooper.

He promised when he returned Sunday he would give them a run for their money in the party department, but tonight he just couldn’t do it. He leaned over the back of the couch between the two beauties and they each turned to kiss his cheek. 

“Goodnight Sweetie. I’ll be up to cuddle later. Karen and I are just gonna watch a chick flick before we turn in.” Delilah said, grinning like a teenager. John smiled down at them. They were beautiful. Damn, he was getting another woody, just looking at them. He’d better get going to bed, or he just might have to stay and join what he assumed would be a pretty cozy movie. 

“You girls play nice.” He laughed over his shoulder as he was leaving the den. He saw them snuggle closer as the movie was starting. “Damn that’s hot.” He whispered to himself, once again adjusting his growing bulge as he walked up the stairs.


”Let’s get comfy.” Delilah giggled as she pulled off her Capri pants leaving her in only her long white sweater that hung done to her mid thighs. She tossed them to the big chair next to the couch.

“I’m all for that.” Karen replied. She reached under her midriff top and unfastened her bra. She tugged the straps through the arms of her sweater, and then pulled the white lace piece out and tossed it across to the chair. She undid her jeans, lifted her hips and pulling them down, kicked them to the floor. Delilah looked at Karen’s flat abdomen and followed her olive skin down until it disappeared under the blue lace panties. Karen looked almost the same as their roommate days. Her body hardly showed any signs of giving birth or growing older. She was firm and toned. Delilah loved the feeling of their silky thighs touching as they propped their feet up and snuggled beneath the afghan to watch the movie. 

During the first part of the movie, they just snuggled against each other and held hands or caressed each other’s thighs lovingly. The longer they sat there, the more intimate the touches got, the more each woman felt her desire for more grow, and the movie became just a distant sound.

Karen’s hand inched its way farther up Delilah’s velvet thigh until she was close enough to feel the warm heat rising from Delilah’s sex. Her movements were slow and sensual suggestions. Delilah responded by uncrossing her ankles and parting her thighs slightly. Karen felt Delilah’s movement and accepted her invitation. However, she didn’t go straight for the treasure, but rather moved her fingertips to slowly trace the smooth silk of Delilah’s shaved skin above her moist slit. Karen heard Delilah’s short gasp of breath as her fingernails raked the sensitive skin. They were both staring at the TV, but were focused on what was happening under the afghan and not on the screen. Delilah’s hand was massaging Karen’s thigh more firmly. 

Delilah moved her hand up Karen’s thigh and cupped Karen’s mons through the lace of her panties. Karen moaned quietly when Delilah squeezed gently. She felt her juices spill out into her panties. Delilah stroked her middle finger up and down the crotch pushing it between Karen’s swollen lips. She felt the wetness coat her finger, and she sighed at the delicious thought of tasting Karen’s honey. Karen shifted her weight on the sofa so that she was facing more toward Delilah. She brought her free hand up and slipped it into the vee opening of Delilah’s sweater and cupped her breast. She moved her fingers to Delilah’s hardened nipple and pinched it. Delilah jumped slightly bringing her out of her TV trance. She turned to Karen and leaned in to kiss her.

This kiss wasn’t the type of tender sensual kiss they had shared in the kitchen. It was a kiss of raw need. Delilah’s lips came down hard on Karen’s and her tongued plunged into Karen’s mouth looking for hers. Their arms wrapped around each other and they pressed their bodies together crushing their bodies and their lips together in passionate desire. They moaned as they felt their breasts met, and their nipples poke each other through their tops.

“Mmmmm…God, Karen. I need to fuck you.” Delilah moaned into Karen’s mouth.

“I need you to fuck me, Kitten.” Karen moaned back.

In an instant, their sweaters were off, and Delilah lay on top of Karen as she eased her down on the sofa. Her ivory thigh pressed into Karen’s pussy as she pressed her sex against Karen’s tanned one. Their kiss was long and hard and their hands clutched each other’s breasts, rolling and tweaking their nipples. Each woman groaned as she gave and received passionate groping; their hips gyrating to grind their cunts together. Their need was one of urgency. Their minds wanted to taste, to feel, to suck, but their bodies were too hot and had taken control.

Delilah pulled Karen’s panties aside and Karen opened herself to what was coming; what she needed. Delilah’s thumb went straight through the soft down of hair to Karen’s swollen clit. It was large and begging for her touch. She traced her fingers down Karen’s slick wetness covering the pouting lips and pushed two deep inside Karen’s waiting heat. She curled them and went straight to Karen’s G-spot. She stroked it with hard deliberate strokes. She knew Karen wanted to cum. There would be another time for tenderness and enjoyment; right now they just wanted, no, needed to cum.

Karen broke their kiss as she groaned loudly when Delilah entered her. “Oh yes, Kitten. Mmm…Fuck me. You know how I like it. Nobody knows me like you. Make me cum, Baby.” Karen whispered into Delilah’s mouth before pulling her back for another torrid kiss.

Karen’s hands were busy on a mission of their own. She had brought her knee up placing her thigh firmly against Delilah’s grinding cunt. Her right hand forced its way between their bodies and her fingers pinched and tugged Delilah’s nipple. Karen knew what a turn on this was for Delilah. They knew everything about each other; absolutely everything.
