 Karen woke to the smell of coffee and something delicious cooking in the kitchen downstairs. She rolled over to check the clock; 10:21am. Good grief! She hadn’t sleep this late in months. She stretched and ran her hands down her body, circling them on her tits and then gliding both down to the warm v where her thighs met her pussy. She squeezed her thighs tightly and moaned lightly. She felt really good; free; a new woman. 

Climbing from the cozy warm bed, the cool morning air hit her and she shivered. Karen felt her nipples rise. She dug into her overnight bag and pulled out her gray sweat pants and a red and gray t-shirt. She brushed her teeth and her hair, washed her face, threw on her fuzzy slippers and bounced down the stairs and to kitchen. 

From the doorway she saw Delilah busy slicing strawberries. A navy blue floor-length satin robe that hugged her curves covered her shapely figure and her feet caressed by delicate white satin slippers. Delilah’s auburn hair was lose and flowing. God, she loved this woman. She had it all in Delilah, a best friend and a lover who knew her every need. Karen’s only regret in life had been that she didn’t remain closer to Delilah. Sure they talked almost daily, and met every 2 or three months for shopping sprees, but Karen wished they had lived next door all their life so she could see Delilah and touch her whenever she wanted. Delilah had always accepted and supported her every decision even down to her marriage to Ben. Marriage to Ben; what a joke that had been for nineteen and half years. Well, it was all about to change now.

“Morning Kitten. John get off OK this morning?” Karen asking grabbing Delilah’s coffee cup and taking a swig as she leaned her back against the counter next to her.

“Which time?” Delilah giggled, smiling broadly at Karen.

“Oh you naughty, naughty girl.” Karen shook her head in mock disdain. “I heard him moaning as I went to sleep last night. But seriously, did he get out of here in time to meet Jake at 5am after you keeping him up late?”

“Why Karen, what ever are you insinuatin’?” Delilah asked in her best Scarlett O’Hara voice. 

They giggled out loud again, and pecked each other lightly on the lips. Karen picked up a cup of coffee, a dish of strawberries and some fresh whipped cream and carried them to the kitchen table.

“Golly, Delilah, all this trouble for little ole me?” Karen mimicked with her own southern drawl. 

“Hey, nothing’s too good for my best friend. After all, I plan to spoil you silly this weekend if you’ll let me.” Delilah said as she placed a plate of French toast and bacon before Karen. “We’re gonna eat, drink and be very merry all weekend long, Honey.”

“Oh please, spooiill me!” Karen touted. She added the strawberries and a dollop of whipped cream to her French toast. “However, if you’re planning to feed me like this all weekend, I’ll need a new wardrobe two sizes bigger by the time I leave Tuesday.”

“Not to worry Dearie. It will be salads for lunch. Your visit just gave me an excuse to celebrate a little.” Delilah announced. She slid into the chair across from Karen. Her loosely tied robe opening slightly to reveal her luscious breasts lying loose beneath it. Karen looked at Delilah and sighed audibly. Delilah’s beauty had always taken her breath away. 

There had never been any question in Karen or Delilah’s minds that they certainly had something special between them from the moment they met at age 8. They loved each other very much, although they both loved men too, and either would do anything they could to help the other. They had supported each other through their ups and downs with the men in their lives, and always found a special comfort when they were together, whether it was as friends or lovers.

Over breakfast, Delilah told Karen that she had some special plans for them that day. All her and John’s treat, of course, and then, they had dinner reservations a Karen’s favorite restaurant at 8pm. Karen argued that Delilah didn’t need to pay for everything, that it was more than enough just to get to spend time together, but Delilah wouldn’t hear it. She said it was to be her treat or nothing at all. Karen relented. She had to admit though, it made her feel wonderful to know Delilah, and John, cared so much for her. 

They cleared the table and did the dishes together, pinching, poking, and teasing each other like sisters all through the chores. Then they picked up their scattered clothes in the den, Delilah remarking that as John kissed her good-bye this morning he said it looked like he missed a wild party last night.

“Yeah, about that Delilah.” Karen started as they walked up the steps toward their rooms. “Just how does John feel about us being so close?” 

“Are you kidding? He absolutely loves it, Karen. He was so excited last night at the thought of us downstairs making out. When I climbed into bed with him, he was asleep, but had a raging hard on. Those moans you heard were him cumming almost as soon as I put his cock in my mouth.” Delilah smiled at her friend. “He loves you too, Honey, very much. And he wants us all to be happy.”

“Delilah, John is a gem. You know I love him too, and I’m so happy you two found each other. God, why couldn’t I have found someone like him, instead of…of Ben?” Karen stammered. 

Delilah turned and saw tears well up in Karen’s beautiful chocolate eyes. “Aww Honey, come on. Let’s get a shower and get out of here.” She led Karen to the master bath. She turned on the water in the large marble shower, and then turned back to Karen. Their eyes met and held. Delilah slipped off her satin robe, standing totally nude in front of Karen, and reached to hang it on the wall hook next to them. Karen’s hands came up and cupped Delilah’s breasts.

“You’re so beautiful, Delilah” Karen cooed as she leaned in and tenderly met Delilah’s soft lips. She placed her hands on Delilah’s hips and pulled her closer, then slid her arms around Delilah’s back and held her tightly as their kiss grew stronger.

Delilah moved her hands under Karen’s t-shirt and lifted it up. Karen lifted her arms, letting the shirt slide off over her head. She slipped out of her shoes and hooking her fingers in her waistband, pulled her sweats down over her hips and they fell to the floor. Karen stepped from them and took Delilah’s hand and led her to the shower. She pulled Delilah to her and they moved gracefully under the streaming hot water. They kissed, mashing their lips together hard. Delilah’s tongue pushed into Karen’s mouth and danced erotically around her tongue. Karen’s tongue answered with a sweet hunger. Karen wrapped her fingers in Delilah’s wet hair and pulled her head back slightly and traced her delicate neck with kisses, making her way to those gorgeous ivory breasts.

Delilah arched her back and moaned as Karen sucked in her taut nipple. Another moan escaped her as Karen bit softly on the cherry bud between her teeth. Delilah’s hands moved down to the heart shaped tanned globes of Karen’s ass. She kneaded the firm flesh and pulled Karen to her to feel their mons meet in a soft kiss.

“Ahhh…” Delilah sighed as she felt Karen’s fingers slide between her swelling pussy lips and her middle finger entered her juicy slot. Karen backed Delilah against the coolness of the marble wall and pulled Delilah’s right leg up until her foot rested on the shower seat. She dropped to her knees and swooped her tongue into the deliciously inviting pinkness of Delilah’s pussy. The taste was as sweet as honey upon her tongue. She loved the taste of her. She always had. From the first time her tongue had touched Delilah when they were very young girls exploring, she had craved her taste.

“Mmmmmm…” Karen murmured as her tongue lapped at the juices resting at the entrance to Delilah’s sex. Two fingers replaced her tongue as she moved it up to suckle on Delilah’s small clit. So different from her larger button, Delilah’s lay quietly hidden by its maiden hood, forcing Karen to suck and coax it out and into her wanting mouth. 

“Oohhh yeah, Honey. Suck it!” Delilah groaned as Karen succeeded in her quest. 

Karen’s fingers moved up Delilah’s hot canal as Karen sucked hard on Delilah’s now swollen button. She moved them in and out, fully and slowly. She felt her own sex seeping out onto her dark brown downy covering. Karen’s body was growing in its need to be touched, but she wanted to please her lover first. She moved her fingers faster and deeper and twisted them until she was there…right there…the spot that drove Delilah wild.

“Oh Fuck Karen! M’god, yes! Unh…Unh.” Delilah pumped her hips against Karen’s fingers. 

Karen added one more finger. The count…now three. Delilah’s tightness amazed her. She knew John’s cock was thick and fairly long by Delilah’s stories, but Delilah was still tight. Karen felt Delilah’s vaginal muscles squeeze her fingers. Damn, she wished she had a cock and could slide it into this piece of heaven. Delilah’s mutterings told her she was getting close. Karen moved her other hand to Delilah’s ass and pulled her in closer. She parted the ivory cheeks and moved to work her index finger around the tight pink circle. Delilah squealed and bucked hard against her face as she pushed two fingers through the tight bum hole.

“Oooooo…Oooooo, Karen…I’m cumming Baabyyy! I’m cumming, right fucking now.” Delilah screamed as she grabbed Karen’s head with both hands and fucked her face hard.

Karen felt the spasms move through Delilah’s body. Her ass and pussy clamped down hard, released, clamped, released. Delilah trembled with her excitement. It was almost enough to make Karen cum too. 

Delilah pulled her up gently by the hair and kissed her tenderly. “Oh Karen, that was wonderful. You haven’t suffered for lack of practice.” She hugged Karen to her. “Let me soap you up Honey.” She reached for the sponge and put some vanilla shower gel on it and started right on Karen’s breasts. She lifted, moved and massaged each breast with the fragrant sponge. She worked her way down Karen’s abdomen and teasingly ran circles right above her bush. She felt Karen move against the sponge begging silently for more. Delilah turned her and starting at Karen’s shoulders, worked the lather in sensuous circles all the way down to her small heart-shaped derriere. Delilah stepped up closer until her breasts lay pressed against Karen’s back. She let her left hand glide around through the lather and find Karen’s rigid nipple. She pinched its hardness smartly and Karen yelped. Delilah continued her teasing as she let the soapy sponge move down Karen’s lower back, over her cheeks and into the inviting crevice leading to Karen’s treasures.

Karen breathed out a quiet moan as Delilah used the sponge to apply a light pressure to her tight anal ring and then moved further down to her aching sex. Delilah’s hand moved slowly and methodically up and down the length of Karen’s sensitive slit several times. Delilah dropped the sponge and continued her ministrations by placing her thumb on Karen’s anus and sliding the index finger side of her hand up and down. 

She heard Karen’s breathing quicken when her fingers slipped between her pouting labia and bumped against her clit. Delilah loved the feel of their soap-covered bodies moving together matching the rhythm of her fingers. Karen bent forward slightly placing her hands against the cold slick marble wall and pushed her backside out and spread her legs a little more, giving Delilah full access to Karen’s womanhood.

Delilah’s passion rose along with Karen’s. She moved to position herself directly behind Karen. Delilah slid her left hand down from Karen’s swollen nipple to her large engorged clit, and then let three fingers of her right hand enter Karen’s beckoning pussy.

“Unnhhh…Oh my God, yes, Delilah.” Karen groaned out as Delilah entered her. “Oh Baby, fuck me good.”

“You know I’ll fuck you real good, Karen. Mmmmm…I love the feel of your big clit between my fingers. I love rolling it and pinching it and making you hot.” Delilah whispered breathlessly into Karen’s ear as her teeth nipped at her earlobe. She moved up closer against Karen’s ass and matched her rhythm to Karen’s until her own clit was riding the knuckle below her thumb. Delilah loved the feel of Karen’s velvet pussy walls snugly wrapped around her fingers. She felt Karen squeeze them to hold her fingers tightly. 

“That’s it Honey, fuck my fingers. Feel me riding you Karen? I wish my hand was a dick and I could cum in you.” Delilah grunted as she pushed her weight against her hand pounding her clit as she pounded Karen’s pussy. Delilah’s force pushed her thumb through Karen’s relaxing anus.

“Oh, fuck yes…yesssss!” squealed Karen as Delilah’s digit popped through. She pushed back harder against Delilah’s thrusts.

Karen loved Delilah’s dirty talk. There were times, when she would almost cum just from listening to that smutty mouth. Karen knew that the hotter Delilah got, the dirtier she talked, and she loved it.

“Tell me about Kitten.” Karen begged over her shoulder.

Delilah moved her head forward to Karen’s until their lips were just millimeters apart. “Oh Honey, I’d pump cock so deep into your sopping pussy, you’d scream. I’d fill your beautiful cunt with all my cock meat, and maybe I’d even fuck your ass. Would like that Karen?” Her lips parted and her tongue traced Karen’s lips gently. 

“Oooooo yeah, Kitten. I’d love it.” Karen felt a searing heat building in her stomach. It was radiating out and filling her whole body with liquid fire. Her throbbing clit grew larger still as Delilah rolled the button from side to side and in circles. “Oh Baby, I’m getting close. I wanna cum on your cock Delilah.”

“Come on Honey, cum on my big fat cock.” Delilah said as she slipped her fourth finger in to join her other three. “Feel my cock swelling Baby? I’m getting ready to shoot my fucking cum up your cunt.”

“Oh m’god Delilah…mmmmmm….” Karen couldn’t take any more of this and not cum. She arched her back against Delilah’s hot body and pushed her ass harder into the thrusting fingers. “Nowwwww….Delilah….NOWWWWW!” Karen screamed loudly as the spasms racked her body and her release began to flow like lava through her sex and spilled into her veins carrying it throughout her whole body.

“Oohhhhhhh…FUCK….fuck….yes…yesssss!” Delilah moaned as Karen’s scream carried her into her own massive waves of passionate explosion. They shivered almost in unison as they rode out their passion. Spent, they felt their legs would give way so Delilah clung to Karen and Karen braced them against the wall.

“Karen?” Whispered Delilah with her forehead nestled on Karen’s upper back, and her arms wrapped around Karen’s middle.

“Hmmm?” Karen questioned dreamily as her flushed face cooled against the marble shower wall.

“Maybe we should have married each other instead of Ben and David. After all, our sex is always more pleasing to us than what they ever thought they were giving.” Delilah giggled.

“Yeah, but then I wouldn’t have Seth and Dale. Besides, now you’ve found John and I would have been too possessive to ever let you go.” Karen giggled and turned to face Delilah and they kissed tenderly.

Delilah stood upright. “You’re right. Well, I guess we will just have to keep having our torrid love affair till we can’t get out of our rocking chairs any longer.” They both laughed out loud.

“Hey Delilah, would you do me a favor and shave my pubic hair for me? I love the way your smooth pussy feels, and I’m ready for a change. Ben threw a fit when I shaved it when we first married and demanded that if I ever expected him to touch me again, I’d better let it grow back. Not that it really made a difference in how much he touched me, but I just didn’t feel the need till now.”

“Sure Honey, cock your little ole leg up on this seat and I’ll take care of that for you.” Delilah said dropping to her knees and patting the shower seat next to her. She took her time and soaped Karen’s dark down thoroughly. Delilah liked Karen’s cunt hair. It had always been soft and laid more straight than the tight curls that covered her slit. Delilah felt Karen shiver from the sensitivity left from her orgasm as she parted her labia with thumb and index finger of her left hand.

“Stop fidgeting Karen. You wouldn’t want me to cut off anything important down here.” Delilah teased. Karen laughed too and promised to stand still. Delilah’s strokes with the razor were slow, and she took great care to be as sensuous as she could be while shaving this beautiful prize. Each upward stroke revealed more of Karen’s delicate nether lips. They were as dark as the rest of her tan skin, and Karen’s large clit peeked through with its little chocolate head glistening from the soap. Delilah resisted the urge to suck it into her mouth. There would be time for that later. Delilah smiled to herself thinking about how beautiful Karen was and how this would only add to her sexy silhouette.

“There now, all done, and not a single knick.” Delilah boasted rising to rinse the razor. “Let’s finish up and get to town. We can’t lollygag around here all day.” She commanded and smacked Karen lightly on her bottom.

The two finished their shower, dressed in jeans and sweaters and headed for the mall. They had lunch at Conti’s and spent a couple of hours finding a new dress for dinner tonight and then headed for the spa where Delilah had set up an appointment for them at Victor’s Pamperia to have manicures, pedicures and a much appreciated massage by Miguel and Michael.

Delilah loved being massaged by these two very handsome, very strong and very erotic males, and she had been dying to share them with Karen. She told Karen that it never failed, regardless of which one of the two men worked on her body, she was always close to an orgasm by the time they finished. One time she came as Miguel was massaging her inner thigh. He chuckled and wiped the wetness that had spilled from her with his finger. Delilah said she nearly came again as he lifted it to his mouth and licked his finger. At that point of her story, Karen grabbed her hand and pulled her faster in the direction of the spa.

Two and a half hours later, they emerged from Victor’s refreshed and somewhat horny. Karen agreed that Delilah had been right on target about the masseuse. She had gotten Miguel, and she told Delilah as he finished and turned his back to get a fresh towel, she moaned out a deep quiet sigh as she touched her clit once and came.

They returned home and dressed for dinner in their new dresses. Delilah’s dress was turquoise and had plunging draped neckline. Her full breasts revealed their perfection in the cleavage showing above the soft fold of the drapes. There was a slit up her right thigh, which she loved. The dress clung to her curves in just the right spots and flowed gently down to just above her knees. Her black sling-back heels added just the right touch. Delilah’s long auburn curls caressed her shoulders. She looked into the mirror and applied her lipstick on her full mouth, and put a coating of shimmering gloss over it to give it a deliciously tempting look.

Karen had decided to be bold tonight and had chosen a fiery red silk dress. Set against her dark skin and hair, she was absolutely breathtaking. It had a plunging neckline and little pearl buttons that began at the base of her cleavage and blazed a trail down to her small waist. The closely clinging top cinched her waistline and then flowed into a full skirt that stopped about 2” above her knees. She decided to go all out and bought red heels and a red clutch bag to accent her dress. She swept her dark hair up in a single barrette so that it looked sexily tousled rather than precision perfect. A few velvet wisps adorned her neck and shoulders. Looking into the mirror, Karen was pleased to see a woman she had begun to think was lost. A seductive vixen who, like so many unhappy women, had gotten swept away with baskets of dirty laundry and old copies of National Geographic. She was once again the Karen who had been trapped for so long, once more to be set free. “Look out world. I’m back!” Karen said aloud as she grinned at her reflection.
