 “Thank you to my many readers who have responded so enthusiastically to my stories of Delilah and John. I appreciate your wonderfully positive emails, your votes, and your public comments. I write for you, and you alone…Enjoy…DeeAnne”

Delilah awoke to the warm sun’s gentle kiss on her face as it streamed across the king-sized bed. She stretched lazily as she brought herself to full consciousness. Delilah opened her eyes and searched the big bed. It was empty.

Her memory of last night brought a smile to her face. She wondered how she could be so lucky. She had the best friend a woman could have in Karen, but she also had an excellent lover who anticipated her every move and her every need. Her luck didn’t stop there; she also had a husband who loved her enough to share her with Karen. She couldn’t wait until tomorrow when John would come home. She missed him terribly even when he was gone for just a day or two. She loved her life with John and the sex was powerful, but she also needed Karen to feel complete, and John understood that. It even excited him, and she loved knowing that about him. 

Delilah uncovered her long curvaceous body and laid bathing in the warmth of the morning sun. She ran her slender fingers over her silky skin and traced her breasts, lingering briefly over her nipples before continuing down to the smooth flatness of her abdomen and on to satin skin covering her womanhood. Mmmmm…she felt so great this morning. Then remembering the state Karen had been in the night before, crying herself to sleep, she decided she had better get up and find Karen.

Slipping into an old t-shirt and a pair of sweatpants, she washed her face and pulled her hair back in a clip. The fullness of her auburn mass bunched into long curls that fell down her back. Her breasts pushed against the t-shirt and her nipples strained the material as if trying to poke through to greet the morning-chilled air. Her sweatpants hung loosely over her hips held up only by the drawstring pulled tightly to keep them in place. Delilah put on her satin slippers and headed downstairs to look for Karen.

Karen sat quietly in the den, sipping a mug of coffee, waiting for Delilah to come down. She sat sunken into the over-sized chair. She was dressed in a long green jersey that was a hand-me-down from her oldest son, and a pair of black stretch Capris. Her knees were pulled up to her chin and her ankles crossed, and she hugged her legs closely to her and she stared into the cold empty fireplace.

She had gotten up just after dawn, and crept out of the bed so as not to wake the beauty lying next to her. She stood beside the bed just watching Delilah sleep peacefully. She counted herself blessed to have Delilah in her life, both as a friend and a lover. She had fallen in love with Delilah when they were children and that love had only grown stronger over the years. Karen was fascinated by her beauty and by her charm. Karen’s breath grew deeper and slower as she watched Delilah’s face in slumber. She felt a peace.

Karen had made her decisions and last night’s release of her pent up emotions was a long time coming. She felt better this morning. She was ready to talk about her plans with Delilah. She was ready to say things out loud now that her heart and mind had kept silently hidden from everyone.

Delilah saw Karen in the den as she descended the stairs. Karen didn’t hear her right away, so Delilah studied her sullen silhouette. Karen was such a beautiful person, and she deserved so much more than she had gotten from Ben. She deserved only happiness, not the misery that man had imposed on her for the last 20 years.

Karen looked up as Delilah entered and a warm smile broke across her somber face transforming her. “Good Morning, Sunshine. Did you finally decide to get up?” She teased Delilah.

“Hey there, Kar. It’s only 9:00. It’s not like I slept till noon. You’re the one who obviously got up with the chickens this morning.” Delilah replied defensively. Then turning her voice to a softer tone, asked, “How you doing this morning, Honey?”

“I’m better. Much better.” Karen said, trying to sound chipper. “As a matter of fact, I thought we’d take a little time this afternoon for some serious girl-talk.”

“Good. I think it’s time you filled me in.” Delilah said, relieved to know Karen was finally ready to unload the misery she had been carrying around. She passed by Karen, headed for the kitchen, and tousled her hair. “I’m in the need for coffee. Do you need a refill?”

“Yep, and I’m ready for some breakfast too. I took the opportunity, since I got up with chickens this, morning to make some croissants. Interested?” 

“Definitely interested.” Delilah smiled.

They ate breakfast in the sun on the table in the Florida room. Delilah loved to sit here in the morning among the plants and sun. It was the next best thing to being outside. They talked and laughed about their evening out while they ate.

After breakfast, they each showered and then they went to the market to pick up some things for Sunday dinner. They had decided to stay in tonight and watch a couple of movies, so after the market, they stopped by the video store. The clerk, a high school senior named Chad, drooled over the two women and watched their every move as they glided through the aisles making their decision. His eyes nearly popped out of his head as the two giggled and disappeared behind the curtain that led to the adult movies.

Alone among the adult movies, they looked at the titles, and chuckled over the pictures and silly come-ons on the box covers. They figured Chad would be watching on the monitor so they hammed it up for his benefit. With their backs to the surveillance camera, they picked up a cover and pretended to be reading it. Then Delilah let her arm begin to move down Karen’s back and over her tight hip-hugger jeans. She cupped Karen’s butt in her hands and then slid her hand down further to the crease between Karen’s thighs. Delilah moved her hand in and out slowly in a fucking motion, while Karen pushed her tush out further and bent forward slightly giving Chad quite a show. 

The two women turned their faces to one another and their tongues darted out into the air to fence playfully before they melted into a slow sensual kiss. Chad looked around the quiet store to see one lone customer way in the back. His hand went down to his stiffening member, which was forming a tent in his khaki slacks. He rubbed his painfully bound cock, and reached for his zipper and worked it down slowly. The store was quiet, and he needed some relief, so with his eyes glued to the monitor, he fumbled inside his boxers and pulled out his growing rod. Wow, he couldn’t believe his eyes. Two gorgeous babes making out right there is his store. Slowly, he pumped his member into the stale air under the counter.

Delilah and Karen may have started for show, but their kiss grew hot and they felt the familiar desire surging through their bodies. Karen pushed Delilah’s t-shirt up and brought her cotton candy pink lips to Delilah’s hard nipple. She sucked it in and Delilah gasped as Karen bit it sharply. Delilah turned Karen and backed her against the wall. This gave Chad a great view of Delilah’s tits.

“Ungh” Chad grunted as he felt his prick jerk at the sight of Delilah’s lusciously full tits. He glanced nervously at the customer still in the back of the store, and then returned his attention to the monitor. The heat of the scene was increasing, as was the speed his hand stroking his stiff dick.

Delilah’s hand went up Karen’s shirt and pinched and twisted her nipple. They continued to kiss, sucking hard on each other’s tongue, and Karen’s hand went to Delilah’s fly and struggled to open the buttons. Once open, she slipped her hand into them and pressed her finger directly to Delilah’s clit.

:”Oh, Karen, yes, Baby.” Delilah whispered into Karen’s mouth. “Mmmm, that little boy is going to get quite a show.”

Karen realized the game had gone too far, but she didn’t care. She just needed to touch Delilah. She mounted Delilah’s thigh and hunched her wet pussy against it while she fingered Delilah’s wet slot.

“Oh Delilah, Kitten, I get so fucking hot with you.” Karen moaned as she ground against Delilah.

“Me too, Honey. Yeah that’s it Baby, grind that cunt against me. You slut. You are so fucking hot.” Delilah coaxed Karen to grind harder as she pinched her hard nipple.

Chad watched in disbelief as the two women were making it right in front of him. Yeah, that’s it ladies, go for it, he thought. His hand tightened around his cock and his pace quickened as Karen’s hand slid into Delilah’s jeans. He had become oblivious to the customer who was now making his way to the front of the store.

Being young and fairly inexperienced, Chad was well on his way to spilling his load in no time. He humped the air ferociously as he yanked his rod. His eyes glued to the screen, sweat beading on his forehead, and a need for release was driving him into a frenzy of movement just under the counter. As Karen once again moved her mouth to Delilah’s large white orbs and sucked in the rosy hard nipples, he grunted and jerked as the strings of white hot jism sprang from his throbbing penis and, thankfully, onto a roll of paper towels lying on the shelf below. 

“Ummpff….Ummpff” He grunted out as silently as possible. Briefly closing his eyes to recover from the flood of sensation, he opened them to be face to face with Mr. O’Malley, his math teacher, peering inquisitively over the rim of his glasses. He scrambled to nonchalantly put his pecker back in its place.

“Mmmr. O’Malley, sir. I…I…I..was…I was…just.” Chad stammered, grabbing a towel under the counter to wipe his sticky fingers. His face flushed blood red knowing it was obvious what he was just doing.

“It’s alright son.” Mr. O’Malley said with a knowing smile. “I saw those two vixen’s disappear behind the curtain, and judging from the look on your face as I started up here to the counter, I’d venture a guess their not just reading video boxes in there.”

“Uhh…no sir.” Chad answered, lowering his eyes in embarrassment. “I..uhh..I’m sorry,sir.”

“Gadzooks, boy, don’t apologize. I’m just sorry I missed the show.” He laughed and turned to leave, giving Chad a wink. “Don’t worry, it will be our secret.”

Chad sighed in relief and looked back at the screen just in time to see the two women arch their backs in ecstasy. What a beautiful sight they were. Their coloring in such contrast, dark against light, their exquisite shapes entwined, and the lustful look of fulfillment on their faces made them an excellent vision. A vision, he thought, that looked like it could have come right out of one of the magazines he kept under his bed. Wow, this day had sure gotten off to a good start. Chad couldn’t wait until he got to tell his buddies tonight. 

Karen and Delilah recovered from their orgasms still clinging to one another. They straightened their clothes and picked a movie about a threesome, two women and a man. This one, a comedy and a new action flick; that ought to do it for a night of movies. The two emerged from the cloaked doorway. A broad grin across their face and their cheeks flushed, they handed their selections to Chad. 

“That will be $10.50 m’am.” Chad smiled at Delilah, his face still red and damp. 

“Hmmm…are you alright…Chad?” Delilah asked after reading his nametag.

“Uhh yes m’am. I’m fine.” Chad said trying to look as normal as he could.

“I don’t know Kitten. Don’t you think the young man looks somewhat overheated?” Karen asked Delilah with concern.

“Why yes, he certainly does. Are you sure you’re OK, Chad?” Delilah repeated her query.

“Yes m’am. I’m good,” He answered regaining some of his composure.

“Yes, I just bet you are.” Karen remarked suggestively.

Chad’s face went red again as he bagged the movies and handed them to Delilah. She rubbed her hand over his as she took the bag from him.

“Thanks for the shows, Sweetie.” She grinned, and they turned and walked to the door.

“No…thank you for the show.” Chad mumbled under his breath as he adjusted the bulge, which was once again growing in his slacks.

Just as they reached the door, Delilah and Karen turned and in unison chanted, “You’re welcome.” Then they left, giggling, arm and arm.

* * *

Back home after their shopping trip, Delilah and Karen changed back into their lounging clothes, fixed a salad for their lunch and dined out on the patio. Afterwards, Delilah offered to fix a pitcher of Margueritas. Karen sank back into the oversized chair she had occupied that morning and waited for the liquid courage to be served. She was ready to talk, but even the thought of what she needed to tell Delilah made her less than eager to share it.

They had two Margueritas before Karen was ready to open up. Delilah was sitting at the end of the sofa next to Karen’s chair. She was waiting patiently for Karen to begin her story. Delilah couldn’t imagine why it was taking Karen so much time to come around. Neither one had ever hesitated before in sharing the most intimate parts of their lives. Finally, the moment came.

“Kitten, I wanted to talk to you in person about this. You already know I’m leaving Ben, right?”

Karen began, and looked at Delilah for confirmation.

Delilah nodded. “Yes, and I’m relieved to know....”

Karen held up her hand to stop Delilah, “Well, before you say anything about it, hear me out. OK?”

Again, Delilah nodded.

“I know you never understood why I married Ben. I loved him, but I knew he was different. He treated me differently than the other men I dated. He was respectful, decent and made me feel like a lady. Everything was pretty great until we were on our honeymoon. Oh, we made out when we were dating, but Ben kept saying he wouldn’t “bed me” until we were married. I tried my damnedest to get him to change his mind especially after I found out how big his cock was, remember?”

Delilah nodded, keeping her promise to just listen.

“When we came back from our honeymoon, you were upset with me because I wouldn’t tell you about it. Truth be told, there wasn’t anything to tell. A week in the beautiful Bahamas, and Ben had sex with me twice. He told me then, he was different and had different tastes in sex. He said if I would give him time, he would come around. Come around? What kind of talk was that from a man who just married someone like me who believes sex makes the world go round?” Karen paused and took a big gulp from her glass. “It turns out, he couldn’t come around. He had some dark secrets that kept him from ever being the kind of husband I needed. He always treated sex as something he was forced to do, and was never open to trying anything new. By the time I realized it was hopeless, I was pregnant. Ben knew how unhappy I was and told me if I would stay with him until our child was grown, he’d make sure I got a healthy settlement, but if I left before then, he and his lawyer buddies would make sure I got nothing. I was trapped. I felt like a failure as a woman, and I was too ashamed to ever tell you that. The longer I was with him the worse I felt about me.”

“Oh Honey.” Delilah moved to sit on the floor in front of Karen’s chair and took her hand. “It wasn’t you, it was that jerk who was the failure.”

“Just a few months after Seth was born, he asked me to have a second child to keep up the appearances of a happy family with his firm. I argued against it, but once again he said “do it or else”. So along came Dale. I have lived these past 19 years wrapped in my boys. I was so grateful he only wanted the boys for appearance because it left me with them wholly to myself.

Seth and Dale, and you, have been my only happiness and link to sanity these many painful years.” Karen smiled down at Delilah as a single tear fell from her chocolate eyes.

Delilah caught the tear with her delicate thumb and wiped it from Karen’s solemn face. “Why, Kar? Why didn’t you tell me all this earlier?”

“It was my burden, Kitten. I didn’t want you to feel sorry for me. I needed you to be upbeat for me. Oh Honey, those few times you and I made love over the past 19 years was my salvation. I was clinging to the thoughts of your love, and you made me feel beautiful each time we were together. I needed that so much. You were my hero.” Karen smiled softly. “Did you ever picture yourself as a knight in shining armor, Kitten?” They laughed almost silently. 

Delilah rose to her knees and placed her hands on Karen’s cheeks. She bent and kissed Karen softly on the lips. “Why didn’t you let me rescue you?”

“I couldn’t. I had the boys to consider. I had too much to lose for their sakes. But over the last few years, Ben and I began to talk about separating. He denied ever having told me I would be taken care of generously if I hung in there. So I played dirty, Delilah.” Karen confessed and her smile broadened.

“What did you do?” Queried Delilah, anxious to see Karen get the upper hand in the story.

“Throughout many years in our marriage, I never pushed to know Ben’s ‘different tastes’ in sex, but some things presented themselves without my looking. I found unusual notes, and Ben would take ‘business trips’ that I knew weren’t business at all, several times a year. So I began to collect information and piece it together. It turned out Ben’s trips were to visit an old college friend in Boston…a male college friend. One of Ben’s problems is he is bi, but it seems he’s more gay than straight.”

“So, that didn’t bother you did it? You’ve always been so accepting sexually.” Delilah asked.

“No, it didn’t bother me, but it did him. It seems his mommy would have disowned him if she found out, plus the fact that the ‘good old boys’ in the firm would never have accepted his sexual preference and his partnership would have been as good as gone. And there’s more…” Karen paused to sip her drink again. “Ben is obsessed with mommy. I found some pictures of naked female bodies with mommy’s head glued on them. A few had sticky spatters on them. Two guesses what that was?”

“Ewwww…what a naughty little Ben-Ben.” Delilah chuckled. “So did you confront him?”

“You bet I did, pictures and love notes in hand. I told him he needed to recall our conversation about a ‘healthy settlement’ or else the firm got the love notes and mommy got the pictures.” Karen boasted.

“Oh m’god, Karen. What did he say?” Delilah asked. Her eyes were wide with anticipation.

“Well, at first I thought he was going to kill me. Big Ben backed me up and pinned me against the wall with his massive chest. His face was red and contorted and his eyes glazed with anger. I could barely breathe, I was so afraid. He demanded I give him the notes and pictures. My knees were weak but I gathered up every ounce of courage I had in me and pushed him back. I told him I was through being bullied by him. I was no longer going to be his prisoner. I threw the papers at him and told him to take them because they were just copies. The originals were safely in someone else’s hands and should anything happen to me, they knew what to do with them.”

“Bravo. My Hero. So…?” Delilah cheered and clapped her hands.

“So, he caved in. He had nothing to fight me with. He agreed to a settlement and alimony, and to continue paying college for the boys. I won…David beat Goliath again.”

“Hooray for you, Honey. I’m so proud, and I’m so sorry.” Delilah said. Once again she rose to her knees and held Karen’s face and kissed her softly. Delilah’s tear-misted green eyes stared deeply into Karen’s as she continued, “Sorry, I didn’t know. I knew it was not a good situation for you, but I had no idea you were being held prisoner. I always thought you told me everything.”

“I just couldn’t take the chance, Kitten.” Karen replied softly.

