 Delilah was the first to awaken as the sun crept through the bedroom window. She was still lying in Karen's embrace. She loves the feel of Karen's breasts pressing firmly against her back, and the warm and sensuous aroma of Karen's arms clasping her tightly around her breasts. 

Last night had been one of the most fantastic nights she had every experienced, and she had experienced a lot. Delilah turns slowly in Karen's arms until she can see Karen's face. She looks so peaceful. Her face still carries the afterglow of sexual bliss. Delilah studies Karen's delicate features, and then places a delicate kiss on her lips. Karen moves only slightly as one hand moves to gently caress Delilah's breast. Delilah closes her eyes and pictures last night's scene all over again. The picture of Karen wielding the huge phallus from her small frame seems almost comical, but the passionate memories made it anything but. She had fulfilled a long time fantasy last night. She had fucked Karen as a man would have fucked her, and Karen in turn had fucked her. Mmmmm...what a delicious story this would be to share with John.

John! Thank goodness it's Sunday thought Delilah. She was so anxious to see him, to feel him again. She hates it when he is gone away, but this weekend had been splendid. She was excited about sharing the news of Karen's decision with him. And hopefully, with a little more convincing, Karen would be joining them in bed tonight. She giggled aloud as she pictured John's look of surprise as she told him.

"Just what is so funny?" Karen asks, startling Delilah.

"Oh nothing really, Honey." Delilah replies, not wanting to give her thoughts away, and giggling adds. "I was just remembering how hunky you looked last night wearing that big cock."

"You looked pretty macho yourself there, Kitten." Karen remarks. "But damn that was just awesome, wasn't it? Nothing has every made me feel like that."

"I know. I think the power trip could be addicting. Hopefully, we'll get the opportunity to try it again soon." Delilah smiles and move forward to kiss Karen.

"Mmmmm...I'm looking forward to that." Karen smiles back as her lips meet Delilah's, and her tongue slips into the warm sanctuary in search of its mate.

Delilah closes her arms around Karen's small tan frame and pulls her closer. She feels Karen's mons push against her own. Delilah let one hand slide down Karen's back and moves over the silky orbs of Karen's heart shaped bottom. Delilah's fingers make their way to the warm crevice leading to the moist love nest between Karen's long tapered thighs. Delilah fingers Karen's wet slot with two enthusiastic fingers while her thumb massages Karen's anus.

Karen does likewise. She pumps Delilah's cunt vigorously using three fingers and pushes her thumb into Delilah's dark love chute.

"Oh fuck me, Karen. You nasty slut. You know what I love. Yeah, that's it Baby cram your thumb up my ass. MMMmmmm...Yes Baby, fuck my cunt and my ass." Delilah moans in a lustful tone.

"Ooohhh Delilah, yes..." Moaned Karen, as Delilah's thumb pushes its way through her tight ringlet. "Yes Kitten Yes...take my ass." The two lay grinding their mons together as they finger fuck each other in wanton passion. They devour each other's mouths. Their tongues fence and caress one another. They move in a fluid rhythm of desirous sex. They are perfect together.

Delilah moves to roll Karen onto her back. She mounts her, pushes up on her arms and looks into Karen's face as she continues to grind her clit on Karen's. Their eyes were liquid pools of lust as they gaze deeply at one another. Delilah's long auburn tresses fall over her shoulders and covered Karen's tummy. Karen reaches up and kneads Delilah's full ripe breasts in her small hands. Karen rolls Delilah's hardened nipples between her finger and thumb. She pinches them hard. Delilah moans and arches her back. For Karen, it was an exciting turn on to be the object of Delilah's passion. She felt her juices flowing from her pussy as Delilah moans in response to her ministrations.

It is Karen's turn to take charge. She pushes Delilah over to lie on her back, and swoops her open mouth to take in Delilah's cherry red nipple. She bites down firmly and Delilah squeals in delight. Karen runs her tongue over the silken skin of Delilah's large tits. She pushes them together tightly and takes in both nipples at one time. Still grinding against Delilah, as she dines on the supple flesh.

"Oh m'god Karen, I'm so fucking hot, Baby. Please...please...eat my pussy." Delilah pleads.

"That's it beg me bitch." Karen answers coarsely. "Beg me to eat that snatch. Is that what you want? You want to feel my hot tongue sucking you dry?"

"Yes Baby...oh yes...please. Fuck me with your tongue." Begs Delilah.

"Mmmmm...that sounds like a good idea, Kitten. I think I'll let you eat me while I tongue your hot cunt." 

With that Karen turns and positions herself over Delilah's pussy. The musk of arousal drifts up her nostrils. Gawd, this woman makes her so hot. Karen spreads Delilah's shapely thighs and dives into the heated pit of Delilah's sex. Her tongue laps and sucks the juices as they flow from Delilah's canal. Tiny moans escape her as she sates her need to taste the woman she adores.

Delilah gasps as Karen's tongue sinks deep inside her. She bucks her hips upward in a futile attempt to get more of it. Directly above her is Karen's perfect pussy. Moisture glistened lips part delicately inviting her in. Karen's swollen hooded button peeks curiously from its sanctuary in anticipation. Delilah laps at the droplets clinging to Karen's labia and then drags her tongue upward to fence with Karen's bud. 

A loud moan escapes Karen and Delilah both as their mouths suck in each other's clits. Delilah pushes three fingers into Karen and fucks her as she nibbles on the tasty bud of Karen's passion. Karen's hips move in response to Delilah's experienced fingers. Delilah crooks her fingers until she finds Karen's G-spot and she begins a slow massage.

"Ooohhhh FUCK." Karen cries out as Delilah's efforts send her soaring. She responds by moving her mouth down and suckling on Delilah's anal ringlet. She pushes and probes it with her tongue until she makes her way in. She parts Delilah's alabaster cheeks and pushes in as deep as she can.

Now it's Delilah's turn to respond. "FUCK YES...FUCK...FUCK." Delilah shouts, releasing Karen's precious flower only momentarily.

Delilah's fingers move in and out of Karen in a frantic pace. She adds a fourth finger, and then her thumb. All five were now in Karen, and Delilah is seized with passion. She pushes and prods until her small hand is completely inside of Karen. She makes a fist and continues her pumping.

Karen screams out at first in discomfort as Delilah's hand slides in. But a drive overtakes her as the fullness and the ramming continue. Karen bucks her hips forward with each thrust of Delilah's fist. "Gawd, Delilah, Oooooo....Mother Fucker....Oooohhhh YES YES YES," Screams Karen. 
The two beauties are locked in the grip of passion and their only escape is orgasm. The heat races rapidly through them, and blinds them to anything but the lust flowing through their veins. Karen's mouth moves back to Delilah's clit and as she bites down and sucks it in, she slips three fingers into Delilah's bum.

Delilah jumps in response to the invasion, but then begins pumping to the rhythm of Karen's movements. Sunlight dances upon the beads of sweat covering their bodies as they increase their tempos. The heat is building into lava pouring through them and racing to their very cores. Moans and groans fill the air and the thick smell of sex bathes the room. Both are clinging to one another in desperation to find release.

It comes. Delilah and Karen scream out at the same moment as their orgasms grip them from head to toe. They shudder and tremble as wave after wave of intense electricity overwhelm them. They lay together in cold wet silence, as they recover...not moving, not talking...just breathing together skin against skin.

Finally, Karen moves off Delilah and onto the bed. She lays with her head on Delilah's stomach and gazes up to see her lover's face. Delilah opens her eyes and looks down to Karen.

"Karen, I love you and the way you make me feel." Delilah purrs as she reaches down to stroke Karen's damp brow. "You are too beautiful for words."

"I love you too, Delilah. And I'm so thankful for this time together alone. I needed you." Karen confesses. "But then again, I'll always need you."

"Me too, Honey." Delilah smiles at Karen. "Have you thought anymore about what I asked you last night? You know, about sharing John with me?"

"Yes, I have, and I'm still not sure I can do that, Kitten." Karen looks into Delilah's eyes. "I don't know if I'm ready for another man."

"OK, Sweetie, no rush. Just know, you are wanted." Delilah comforts Karen. "What d'ya say you jump into the shower and I'll go downstairs and get some coffee going? Hm?"

"Sounds good. You've gotten me all sweaty, you nasty girl." Karen giggles.

"Me?? You've got to be kidding, You're the one who started it." Delilah denies.

"Yeah, Yeah. Sure. Get your buns downstairs and make me some coffee wench." Commands Karen. Delilah laughes and scrambles to her feet. Bowing deeply, she plays along, " Why of course, m'lady. I am yours to command."

* * *

It was 1pm and Delilah is just coming downstairs from her shower when she hears the garage door open into the kitchen. Excitedly, she runs to the kitchen. She reachedJohn just as he sits his bags on the floor.

"John Darling." She exclaims as she leaps up placing her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist.

"Whoa there little girl! You don't want to break something you might have some use for later." John chuckles, catching her by wrapping his hands under her bottom.

"Oh Honey, do you know how much I miss you when you're gone from me?" Delilah asks in a pout as she smothers his face and neck with kisses.

"I've got a hunch." He smiles coyly and pinches her bottom. "Mmmm, short skirt and no panties. I like...I like. Surely with Karen here, you didn't have time to miss little ol' me. '

"Well let me give you an idea." Delilah says as she slitheres down his body and drops to her knees on the floor. She reaches for his zipper and tugs it down. She reaches into his jeans and pulls out his half hard prick, then she works his pants down to his ankles.

"Wait a minute, don't we still have company?" John asks, peering down the hallway.

"MmmHmmm...But it's OK. Karen is in the study on the phone. We've got some great news to tell you later, but right now, I've something much more important on my mind." She smiles up at him and opens her lips. Her tongue moistens them and then move to spread long lavish strokes up the underside of John's cock. It pulses in her hand and she feels it begin to grow. Delilah opens her mouth wider and swallows the full length down her throat. She sucks hard and then pulls the shaft out slowly to the tip. The pungent odor of John's sex rose to meet her senses and inflame her desire.

"Oh yeah, little girl. Suck Daddy's cock real nice." John coos as he laces his fingers in her damp curls. His strong hands move her head back and forth as he begins to pump his hips in rhythm to her sucking. John throws his head back as a passionate wave sweeps over him when Delilah rakes her teeth lightly along the underside of his now steeled shaft. 

"Mmmm..." Delilah groans as John's precum oozes onto her tongue and she tastes its bittersweet flavor. Her hands cup John's balls and she works them gently. She lets his throbbing cock slip from her mouth and sucks tenderly on his aching rocks while she works her saliva up and down John's long tool with a fiercely firm clutched hand.

"Ooohhh gawd woman...yes. That's my Baby Girl...yes...yes...oooohhh fuck yes!" Moans John still clinging to the mass of curls entwined about his fingers. His hips lunge forward again as Delilah leaves his balls and slides his hot cock back down her throat. "Ooohhh fuck me...yes, Delilah...yes Baby. Take my cock deep Baby Girl...Let Daddy fuck your throat."

John had never known anyone who could do to him what Delilah could with that gorgeous mouth of hers. It excites him so to look down and see her tousled head feeding on his sex. He tightens his grip and begins to pump his hips harder. 

Delilah sucks harder and deeper in response to his movements. She feels her pussy dripping with desire, as she gets hotter and hotter. She loves John's taste, his smell, and the feel of the velvety soft-skinned steel cock pumping down her throat. She moves her hands around and grasps hold of John's firm buttocks. Delilah snakes a finger inward to the puckered haven hidden in his crevice. She pushes against it firmly until she breaks through.

:"Oooohhh Geeeezuz, Baby Girl." John cries aloud as Delilah's experienced finger begin to massage his prostate. He knows he won't last much longer now. This woman can suck a cock like a pro, and he was ready to give her his juicy reward. "I'm gonna cum in that pretty little mouth of yours, Baby Girl. I'm gonna fill your pretty little mouth with a shit load of cum."

"MmmmmmHmmmm..." Delilah moans in encouragement through her cock-filled mouth.

Both John and Delilah begin to speed up their gyrations. Each one as eager as the other for John to release his load into her waiting mouth. With one final lunge forward, John bellows a deep lustful groan and streams of hot sweet cum shoot down Delilah's throat. She swallows hard three times so as not to miss one delicious drop of her man's love offering. John's knees buckle as the last string shoots forth from his well-drained dragon, and he sinks into a kitchen chair.

Delilah scrambles up from the floor and sits across his lap. She drapes her arms around his neck and kisses him firmly on his lips. Her tongue darts in to greet his and share the taste of his juices with him. John sucks her dainty tongue. He had grown accustomed to his taste from her mouth and it was good, especially when mixed with the taste of her pussy.

"John, Honey, touch me. Touch my pussy. I'm so fucking hot from sucking your cock, I'm about ready to explode. Please play with my pussy." Begs Delilah, her green eyes hazed over with the heat coursing through her.

"Mmmmm...Baby Girl. I love it when you beg." John teases as his hand worked its way under her skirt and goes straight to her swollen cunt lips. The heat increases the closer he gets to his target. "Damn woman, I might get burned down here, you're so hot."

"Just fuck me Daddy. Just fuck me quick." Delilah commands as she bends down to engulf his mouth again in a devouring kiss.

John's fingers part the pouting lips. Without wasting any time, his thumb finds her clit and he moves three fingers to her juicy slot and plunges them in.

"Aaahhhh.....Mmmmmm." Delilah groans as she sucks harder on his tongue. She feels John's prick stir against her bare bum as she wiggles her hips in response to the thrust of his fingers. She knows he will be hard again in no time. She can't wait to feel him fill her. She bounces enticingly upon his lap as she rides his fingers. Each bounce lands her on John's rapidly growing tool. Delilah breaks their kiss just long enough to move around with her back facing John. As he slides his fingers out, Delilah mounts his fully erect cock. She sits down hard with a grunt.

"Yes...that's what I need Daddy. That's exactly what your Baby Girl needs; that hard cock jammed up into my hot wet pussy." Delilah coos as she begins to ride John's tool. Her hips rise and fall with precision timing to John's thrusts beneath her. She moans each time John's cock goes in completely.

"Ooohhh Delilah." Moans John. He feels her pussy contract tightly around his shaft. Her hot wet walls grip him firmly, and he feels the suction as she pulls her hips upward. John's digs his fingers into the velvet flesh of Delilah's hips and as her hips begin their downward motion, he pushes them down hard.

"Unghhhh. Yes, Daddy, fuck your little girl. Fuck her good with you big cock. Make her pussy hurt." Delilah coaxes. "Fuck me hard, Daddy. Fuck my pussy hard."

Oohhh Baby....you're gonna make me cum again with that dirty talk of yours." John reveals coyly. "Is that what you want Baby? You want Daddy's cock to fill your pussy with cum?"

"No...I want it to fill my ass with hot juicy cum." And with that Delilah manages in one stroke to go up and then come back down with John in her ass. "Unnggghhh, Fuck Yes Daddy...Fuck Yes!!" 

"Mmm'gawd Baby. Your ass is so fucking tight. Yeah, take it girl....Take it all." John's excitement building with each stroke, he reaches around Delilah and takes her breasts into his hands. He tugs hard on her erect nipples and pinches smartly. Delilah's squeal tells him all he needs to know. His fingers still fiercely gripping her nipples he uses her tits as a leveraging tool to force her body down hard onto his cock.

Delilah's head whips back and forth as she relishes in the pool of passion she is in. The hot burning of John's long thick cock ravaging her asshole; The delightfully stimulating pain in her nipples driving her on and on to the edge. All she can manage is, "Yes...Yes...Yesssssss" before she falls over the edge and into a rushing orgasm.

John feels her bumhole tighten as Delilah comes. His excitement mounts. As he feels her finish her orgasm, he rises with his cock still buried deep in her ass, bends her over the table and begins to pound home. John looks down to see his steely shaft entering Delilah's luscious white ass, and only a few thrusts deep into the warm darkness of her ass is all that's needed for John to shoot another load into his Baby.

Delilah stays still until she feels John's softening rod slip from her. She stands and turns to face him. "Welcome home, Daddy."

"I should go away more often." He smiles boyishly and taps her nose with his index finger. "Now what's this news you have to tell me?" He bends down to pull his shorts and jeans back into place, then reaches to pull Delilah's skirt back down.

"Well...much to my delight, and I know it will be yours too, it looks like were going to have a house guest for awhile. Karen is on the phone now telling Ben she isn't coming back." Delilah's smile couldn't be any bigger. 

John looks into her sparkling face. "I'm delighted Sugar. I know she's needed to be rid of that fool for a long time. Is she OK with the break up?"

"Yeah, she finally told me everything, and she's become a new woman the last couple of days. Wait until you see how great she looks." Delilah gleefully announces. "I'm so happy for her, and for us, too. Now I'll have my husband and best friend right here all the time. Well, at least for a while. Which brings me to another topic I need to discuss with you before Karen returns."

"What is it?" John queries. "Something wrong?"

"No as a matter of fact, I don't think things could be anymore right." Delilah smiles and kisses John softly on the lips. She moves him back to the chair, sits him down and then cuddles up on his lap. "John, I told Karen I want to share you with her." Delilah looks into John's face searching for his reaction.

"Uhhh, and what did Karen say?" John was a little surprised, but knowing Delilah's love for both him and Karen, he wasn't shocked. He knew their weekend alone would feed the fire that smoldered for each other in the two women, but he wasn't really expecting this development.

"She's not sure she can go through with it. But I want it John, I want it badly. The three of us living and loving together under one roof. It's perfect for us. We all love each other, and we're all adult enough to handle the situation. Don't you believe it would be good?" Delilah searches his face again. "Help me convince her Daddy. Help me, please. She thinks you're terrific and sexy. If she knows you are totally comfortable with it, I think she will come around."
