 "Thank you to my many readers who have responded so enthusiastically to my stories of Delilah and John. Finally, time has permitted me to finish the final chapter of this wonderful adventure. Not to worry, their adventures are far from over. I appreciate your wonderfully positive emails, your votes, and your public comments. My words are for you, and you alone...Enjoy...DeeAnne"

John pulls his sleek wet body from the hot tub. The steam rises from his tanned muscular form as it meets the cool night air. He stands, drying off, and watches his beautiful wife and her best friend, Karen, locked in another passionate kiss. Gawd, how lucky can one man be, he thinks, as he towels his half erect cock. Delilah had never failed to amaze him sexually. She was a Goddess in and out of the bedroom, and now she was offering him every man's dream, two hot women to be at his beck and call, filling his every desire.

John turns, reluctantly, and to head for the bedroom. Even though he knows they will join him soon, he can barely stand to tear his eyes away from the hot action between Delilah and Karen. With a deep sigh, he steps into the Florida room and makes his way upstairs.

He lights the candles Delilah has placed strategically around the bedroom. The smell of warm vanilla begins to fill the air. John removes the covers from the king-sized bed. He smiles as he wonders why they have such a big bed when Delilah and he are never more than an inch apart while in it. Well, he muses, it does make for a sizable playground. John steps to the window and peeping out the curtains, watches his two beauties towel each other off. Their hands slowly caress each inch of the others wet flesh with the soft terrycloth. Karen bends to take Delilah's cherry colored hardened nipple between her teeth briefly. Delilah takes Karen's hand, and they disappear from John's sight as they walk toward the house. His heart pounds more noticeably in anticipation of their arrival. He has always thought Karen was hot. John wants her as much as Delilah wants him to have her. She is a work of art, as is Delilah. His Goddesses, his alone, he thinks, and his throbbing cock begins to ache for them.

Delilah leads Karen silently through the dimly lit house to the staircase. Delilah glances at Karen as they began their ascent trying to read her emotions. The glow of the lamplight from the den casts their shapely silhouettes on the stair wall. Karen's eyes are fixed on the top of the stairs and her breasts rise and fall quickly. Delilah senses Karen's tension. She gently squeezes Karen's hand, and Karen turns her face to meet Delilah's eyes with a warm but anxious smile.

"It's all right Karen. You don't have to do anything if you're not ready. You know we love you." Delilah coos softly as they reach the top of the stairs.

Gooseflesh crawls over Karen and her erect nipples harden to ripe cherries as the chilled night air meets her anticipation. "I know. I'm afraid...but I want to be with you...and with John. Delilah, I don't know if I'm the woman I used to be. What if I..."

Delilah cuts her short. She backs Karen up against the hallway wall, presses her body against Karen's and kisses her softly. "Karen, I have never felt more passion than when you make love to me. No, you're not the woman you used to be...you're more... you are perfect. You are beautiful. We want you. Share our life because you love us and we love you. Don't ever be afraid. Let us show you how wonderful you are."

Karen's eyes mist as Delilah's words wash into her heart. "I love you so much, Delilah."

Delilah moves aside and pushes the bedroom door open. She leads Karen into the glow of the candle lit room. John is propped up against the headboard in the middle of the bed. His massive hands massage his long thick cock. Delilah leads Karen to the bed and coaxes her to slide in and rest against John's right side. Karen and John gaze into each other's eyes. He brings an arm up and around her shoulders to cradle her securely. John's other hand cups Karen's chin and tilts it upward. He plants a tender kiss on her lush lips. He wants more, but he knows she needs him to be gentle. He can wait if that is what she needs.

Karen's breathing is quick and shallow as she rests against John's muscular form. Her heartbeat accelerates as her lips meet his. Oh gawd, she has needed this for so long. She has needed to feel desired, to feel sexy, to feel...loved. She smiles at him as his lips part from hers. He smiles back and says, "You are so beautiful, Karen, so perfectly beautiful."

Delilah pushes play on the remote and crawls up the bed to nestle against John's left side. Her hand reaches down to grasp John's tool. "He's gonna love this movie, isn't he Honey?" She smiles across to Karen.

"I do believe he is, Kitten." Karen purrs into John's gaze. She feels her pussy twitch and the juices fill her cunt as she recalls the heat the movie produced for her and Delilah last night. "I do believe so."

The three watch the opening of the movie. They laugh at the weak attempt in the beginning to establish a storyline. The man in the adult movie section of the video store is helping the hot, overly made-up, young bleached-blond find a good movie. Three minutes into the movie the fucking and sucking is going hot and heavy. Karen and Delilah steal looks at each other. Delilah motions to John's cock. The massive tool is at full attention under Delilah's firm grip. She motions her head in its direction, and mouths the words, "touch him". Timidly, Karen reaches slowly to touch the steeled shaft of John's cock. She sucks in her breath with an audible, "Ooooo". John glances in her direction and smiles.

John looks back to Delilah and smiles, "Look Baby Girl, he's got that hot little chick taken his pole up her ass. Reminds me of my homecoming present today. Think I can get some more of that hot little ass of yours tonight?"

I think you're going to be surprised at what all you are going to get tonight, Daddy. Don't you think so, Karen?"


"Definitely, Kitten." She says smiling at John. Karen felt her warm juices spill out of her and onto her swelling lips. Her clit begins to pulsate as she strokes John's man-flesh. Karen slips the fingers of her free hand between her legs for a little release.

The threesome turn their attention back to the movie just as the woman in the flick is wiping the man's jism off her face and licking her fingers and the man is inviting his video store partner home to meet his wife.

The scene quickly changes. The man from the video store introduces his new friend to his luscious redheaded wife, who, by the way, meets them at the door in a see through nighty. Imagine that! Within sixty seconds, the new blonde friend is seated on the couch and the luscious redhead is licking away at the blonde's cunt while the husband stands next to his wife and feeds the blonde his big cock.

That's about more than any of the three can take. John moans a low "mmmm" as Delilah and Karen continue their phallic massage. Both Karen and Delilah are busily massaging their clits and groaning as they feel the heat rising in their bodies.

"Oh Fuck! I can't take any more with getting some cock," Murmurs Delilah in a low guttural tone. She rises to her knees and bends over John's steeled shaft. She looks at Karen liquid eyes. "Feed me that delicious cock, Honey."

Karen holds John's cock in a tight grip and pulls it up to meet Delilah's full wet lips as they travel down the shaft. Delilah's eyes stayed glued to Karen's gaze as she uses her expertise to extract loud groans from John and entice Karen into joining her.

"Oh gawd, woman. Suck it, Baby Girl, suck it." John commands. 

Delilah reaches up and cradles the back of Karen's neck in her hand and pulls her downward. Karen doesn't resist. She allows Delilah to maneuver her until her own lips are only a fraction of an inch from John's thick cock. Karen drinks in the intoxicating fragrance of his sex as it mixes with the sweet vanilla air. Delilah is still holding Karen's gaze as she moves up to kiss Karen passionately and uses her tongue to coat Karen's warm mouth with John's exquisite taste.

Delilah breaks their kiss and mouths to Karen, "Suck him. Suck his big dick, Honey." 

Karen obeys the command because of her lust to taste this beautiful phallus. It's big and thick and as hard as steel. She moves closer and opens her mouth. Her hot breath washes over John's throbbing rod, and she feels him shudder. Only then does she break Delilah's gaze to fix on John's raptured face.

John feels the heat of Karen's mouth slide down his shaft all the way to his pulsating balls. "Fuck, ooohhh, Fuck, Karen. Yes, Baby, that's it...take it all, you beautiful bitch, take it all."

As she moves her mouth back up its path, she lightly rakes her teeth across the head of John's magnificent cock, and there is a loud pop as her lips reluctantly release their prize.

Karen and Delilah move in together and share the tasty treat. They lick and suck all the way up and down John's pole. They stop only long enough to massage each others' tongues and share the juices they are supping on. John watches as first Delilah, and then Karen, take his cock into their very well trained mouths. Both girls are on their knees and bent over him. John moves his hands slowly down the back of each beauty. His hands move over the supple silken globes of their asses, and he slides a finger down each woman's crease until it enters her moist canal.

Deep moans fill the vanilla scented air from all three lovers as John's fingers find their target. In unison, Delilah and Karen move their bodies against the thrust of John's fingers. The women continue to massage and suck and kiss with growing intensity as John fills their sex with more and more fingers. John doesn't want to cum yet. He wants to make this night last a long long time. He fights the urge to succumb to the spell of the luscious heated pair.

"Kiss her Baby Girl." John commands. "Kiss Karen while I make you cum."

Delilah raises up on her knees and pulls Karen to her. Karen responds with a lustful moan as Delilah thrusts her hot tongue into Karen's mouth. John watches as the two lock their arms around each other, skin-to-skin, breast-to-breast, mouth to mouth. He is so hot just watching them and touching them. He doesn't know if he can hold back or not. Delilah and Karen simultaneously release their hold, and as if they are of one mind, their hands go straight to each other's piercingly taut nipples. They pinch and twist the tight buds as their tongues dart furiously searching, tasting. 

John gages the rising heat between the two vixens. His shaft is throbbing so forcefully it beats against the silken abdomens of his two goddesses. His mind drinks in the seductive vision before him, and he feels he won't be able to stand this much longer without spewing his load. He forces himself to close his eyes and only do, not feel, not hear. He must hold back. He knows it's time for Delilah. He has long ago learned to read her signs of impending orgasm; The little weighted gasps that precede her moans, the way the small of her back arches deeply inward, and the liquid fire that pours over his fingers as it flows from her center. He pauses his thoughts to study Karen. His eyes are closed still, but it is his senses he wants to use here. He wants to feel her, learn her, please her. Delilah has told John her and Karen are similar in their sexual appetites, needs and patterns. He relies on that information to gage Karen's readiness. He feels her juices coating his fingers. It's hot and silky, and he anticipates the time when he will get the opportunity to sample its taste. He opens his eyes to focus on Karen's expressions. Her face is angled toward him, perfectly, so that between kisses, he sees her full lips pout into a small o. He hears the cooing sound she makes with each thrust of his fingers, and the low lustful "yes" she mumbles as she pushes back against his advances.

John decides to go for it. He wants to watch as he commands their performance, but doesn't know if he can stand the ecstasy without cumming. "Delilah, Baby, don't let me cum." He manages to breathe out loud. Delilah doesn't react visually to his plea, and she never breaks her rhythm as she reaches down and without touching John's aching rod, pushes the tip of her index finger deep into the soft tissue between the base of John's cock and his jism-filled balls. John feels her manicured nail sink deep into his skin causing enough pain to divert his mind and slow his need to release.

The feel of John's fingers thrusting deeply into her hot wet cunt coupled with the sensuous contact with Delilah's tight nipples and sweet tongue is driving Karen straight to the edge of insanity. She knows she is going to cum hard. She arches back her head and loudly moans, "Now John, now....I'm cumming now, Baby, fuck me hard."

"Oh Daddy, yes, make that sweet bitch cum." Delilah squeals from the throes of her passionate lust. She bends to take Karen's erect nipple in her mouth and bites down just enough to add to Karen's moment of ecstasy. Then she reaches around Karen and plunges a finger into Karen's tight ass and Karen moans her loud approval. Delilah releases Karen's nipple to moan, "Ooooooo, John, Fuck me Baby....I'm cumming with this sweet cunt."

John watches as his two beautiful goddesses writhe, clinging to each other, over top his throbbing rod. Moans and groans of ecstasy fill the air as their sweet juices begin to pour down his fingers. "Ahhh." He groans as a bead of cum penetrates the swollen head of his rock hard cock.

Karen and Delilah cling to each other as a source of strength, for each knows without the other they would collapse from the intensity of the release they've just experienced. Lifting their eyes to meet once again, Delilah sees a tiny teardrop fall from Karen's eyes. She smiles at Karen as she realizes it is a tear of sheer joy. Delilah kisses Karen's cheek taking in the droplet.

The two then sink down to nestle in John's muscular embrace. They both reach for his cock and gently begin massaging him. He first kisses Delilah on the top of her forehead and then Karen. "My beautiful girls; my wonderful, hot, beautiful girls. I have never seen anything that can compare to the vision you two present as you make love." John coos to them. "Now if we don't do something about my condition here," he says nodding to his pounding erection, "I'm afraid I might just explode."

The three giggle aloud, and then Delilah rolls to her left and takes the strap on from the night stand. "Well my Love, we just can't have that happening now can we?" John's eyes fix on the huge pleasure toy. It was the one toy that Delilah delighted in using on both herself and him.

He briefly recalled how excited she had been to find the huge cock. It was 10 inches long and about 2 ½ inches in diameter and it had a scrotum. Both the rigid cock and the balls are liquid filled. It has a switch that heats the liquid to body temp and another switch, which controls a vibrator placed inside the harness that rests against the clit. And for an added feature, there is a pocket of jelly-like fluid that is released with a button to simulate ejaculation.

Delilah straps on the massive cock and flips on the controls. She moans a low guttural "mmmm" as the vibrator in the harness hums against her sensitive clit. She takes control of the scene. "Karen, lay down on your back, Baby, and pull those long gorgeous legs up so John can see your beautiful pussy." Karen moves to the center of the bed on her back and draws her long shapely tanned legs back placing her hands on her knees. Her secret garden opens displaying her large clit which is swollen with excitement. Karen's hairless and baby smooth pussy lips glisten in the candle light with the remnants of her last orgasm.

John feels his steely shaft pound against his abdomen as he surveys Karen's cunt. The aroma of her sex wafts upward and his senses reel with her sweet smell.

"John, I want you to eat Karen's pussy. I want you to go down to her slowly, inch by inch getting closer to her and taking in her beauty and her sweet sex. When you get your face close to her pussy...stop." Delilah commands. 

John obeys. Kneeling in front of Karen, he gazes into her chocolate brown eyes for a moment. He drinks in the beauty of her body splayed before him, beckoning him to take her. He gently replaces her hands on her knees with his. Moving in slowly, he focuses on nothing but Karen's gorgeous cunt. He moves closer inch by inch as Delilah commanded. Karen's smell becomes more intense and more erotic as he moves closer. Just as he reaches his destination, he hovers above her love spot. Karen feels his hot breath wash across her clit and she shivers. She wants him to caress her with his mouth. She wants him to suck her clit and fuck her with his tongue. A wave of excitement passes through her that almost makes her cum.

"Now Karen, open your pussy and scoop some of your delicious juice onto your fingers." Delilah smiles as she orchestrates the scene to her content. "Feed it to John." 

Karen does as she is told and slides her fingers deep into her cunt retrieving fingers full of her hot sex. John accepts the gift she offers and shudders at the sweet taste as he sucks the sex from her fingers. "Oh gawd," he thinks, "she's like nothing I've ever seen." Karen slides her fingers from John's mouth and scoops more juices for him.

"John, how does she taste?" Delilah queries. "Doesn't she taste sweet? Can't wait to dive into her wonderful sex can you?" Delilah moves up beside Karen and bends over to kiss her wantonly. Karen responds in kind. Both women dart their hot tongues into their mouths sucking and exploring. Delilah breaks the kiss and looks down Karen's tempting body to John whose eyes are fixed on Karen's luscious cunt. "Now John, show Karen just how wonderful you are at eating pussy. Show her my Darling how you use that magic tongue of yours to drive me wild."

John needs no further coaxing. The first thing he does is go straight to Karen's Love Button. He takes her swollen clit in his mouth and gingerly sucks it and tugs on it with his lips. Karen shudders as her anticipation is rewarded with the heat of his mouth. Delilah takes Karen's taut nipple in her mouth and bites down softly. Karen gasps in delight. She is totally captive to their attentions and can't wait to get more and more.

Karen's taste and smell is intoxicating. John buries his face in her sex and breathes in deeply. "Oh gawd, her taste is as wonderful as my sexy BabyGirl," he exclaims to himself. He moans as his tongues laps at her hot juices spilling from her love tunnel. He uses his tongue expertly to lick and suck and fuck her. He sucks her swollen pussy lips into his mouth. He traces each wet inch of her pussy with his tongue. He slides his tongue down, around and into her taut rose bud of her ass. Karen moves in approval under his touch. Her hips arch each time his tongue enters her dripping cunt. She knows it would not take much for her to succumb to an orgasm like she has never known, but she wants to wait for John's cock to fill her. John's tongue and mouth continue to drive her wild and her moans fill the night air with their ecstatic sounds.

John is so into Karen, he doesn't realize Delilah has moved behind him. Her hand slips under him and she grasps his steeled cock. "MMmmmm, Karen, John's cock is as hard as marble. I bet you can't wait to feel his velvet shaft slide into your hot pussy." Karen moans louder at the vision created by Delilah's words. While working John's erection, Delilah moistens two fingers with her own juices and uses them to draw circles around John's anus. His moan signifies his approval as Delilah pushes her pussy dampened fingers into his moistness. He pushes against her as she works his ass with her loving touch. The vibrator buzzes against her clit as she pushes herself against John's backside and the massive dildo massages his muscular globes.
