 Janet Burke

This was so embarrassing; seasick the first day, and me having sailed all my life. So there I was the first evening, lying in the port cabin in a sweat-drenched t-shirt and panties clutching Ralph, my barf bowl, to my chest like a lover. At least being near the center of the boat reduced the rocking motion. I had hoped that lying down would soon make the nausea go away, but soon I made another donation to my plastic bedmate. Mike came in and sat down beside me. "You don't look too well darling. Let me empty this." He took the bowl away from me and went across to the head. I could hear him flushing it away. He came back with Ralph and a wet towel. He propped me up gently and wiped off my face and neck, and I started to feel a little better. 

"Thanks, Mike. I was never seasick before. God, it's awful."

"It's normal. You've never been far offshore before. There's a lot of swell from that front plus big waves. Makes for confused seas. I guess you know that Lord Nelson always got seasick too his first few days at sea."

"Yeah. I read that. Doesn't make me feel any better though. I bet Mom and Dad are laughing at me."

"I don't think so. Anyway, I have something that should make you feel better. Roll over on your stomach." 

I did so and he reached over to pull down my panties. "Hey! That will make me feel better when I'm not sick. I am so not in the mood."

"Don't be silly. I'm going to give you a suppository: Compazine. That way you can't throw it up. Is that OK with you?"

"I'll take anything. I feel so awful." I lifted my hips up so he could pull my panties down to my knees. Then I felt a cool greasy touch at my back entrance as he pushed it into me, along with most of a finger.

"Ok, that should stay put. It will dissolve in you." He pulled my panties up again. "You need to drink something to replace the fluids you've lost." He brought me a glass of cold tea and propped me up again while I sipped the tea. Then he wiped my face again and kissed me tenderly. "Try to get some sleep. I'll take your watches until you feel better."

"I'll try. Thanks Mike. I'm sorry to be such a baby." Then I slept.

I awoke some time after daybreak, and although weak I felt better. Shedding my sweat-soaked clothes, I put on shorts and a long-sleeved pullover, brushed my teeth and gargled, and made it onto the deck. Mom was on alone, so I knew the men were sleeping.


"How are you feeling, Baby? You look better."

"I feel a little weak, but hopefully I won't barf anymore. Mike gave me something."

"He told me that. He liked getting into your butt." She laughed. "But seriously, we had a little heart-to-heart talk this morning on watch. I think you would be more comfortable sharing the aft cabin with Mike. If you want to that is."

"Oh, you told him you knew that we fucked? Was he embarrassed that you knew?"

"Embarrassed? Well no. Our heart-to-heart talk was actually more groin-to-groin, if you catch my meaning."

"Mother! You fucked him already? What a slut you are!" We laughed. Then she told me all about her morning watch. "Did you tell him about our family fun too?"

"No dear. You'll have to break it to him gently. But since he's already had us both, he can't object to Jim having the same privilege. In fact, I have a little idea about that." She told me her plan, and we decided to put it to the test as soon as possible.

That day and the next passed without much excitement. I got my sea legs and took my watches. The wind drove us south under clear skies and cool temperatures. Mike had plotted a course that would eventually meet the eastward trade winds, which in turn would carry us across. Of course, a voyage under sail rarely goes as planned, and on the fourth day out we hit the doldrums, that stretch of latitude where few winds blow. We fired up the "iron genoa," our big Perkins diesel, and motored on south. The doldrums brought with them warmer weather and flat seas, so that we were able to shed our sweaters and overpants. 

Mom and I decided it was warm enough to start working on some tans, since we were both pasty white from the Seattle winter. It was mid-afternoon when Dad was on watch, and Mike was chatting with him in the cockpit. We both put on our bikinis and headed for the afterdeck toting towels, suntan oil, and some cushions. Our passage got a low whistle from Dad and a smile from Mike. We laid our the cushions and covered them with towels, then applied the cream to our legs and arms. Mom laid face down saying, "Can you put it on my back please?" I unhooked her top and gave her a good rubdown, which had her sighing with enjoyment.

"All right, my turn, Mom," I said stretching out face down on my cushion beside her. Mom had to sit up to oil my back. Since her top was undone, doing so exposed her breasts to the men, who were eyeing us.

"Nice pair, eh Mike?" Dad asked. Mike flushed, not knowing that Dad was fully aware of everything.

"Um yeah. Very nice I'm sure," Mike got out, flustered.

We lay there soaking in the suns rays for another half hour. I had almost fallen asleep when Mom spoke up, "I think I'm done on this side. Better roll over so you won't get burnt." We both turned onto our backs, exposing our breasts. I felt my nipples get hard, knowing the men were still watching us. "We need more oil on our fronts," Mom said. "Can you do me first?"

"Sure thing." I sat up and spread the oil on my hands, then massaged it into her shoulders, then down her sides and over her flat stomach. Then teasingly, I squeezed out a fresh glob onto my palm and spread it over her breasts, feeling her nipples harden under my palm. "Do you want to tan all over today?"

"I'd love to. Do you thing the boys will mind?" 

I looked over at them. "Mom wants to tan all over. Is that OK with you men?" No one spoke up so I turned back to Mom, who had already bent her knees and was pulling her bikini bottom over them. With another application of suntan lotion to my hands, I spread it slowly across her belly, then over her bare mound, and finally between her spread thighs. "You're wet already," I whispered to her as I stroked around her shaved lips.

"Yes I am. I wonder why." She whispered back. "Are they looking at us?"

"They sure are."

"Ok, let me do you." I shed my bottom and lay back, spreading my legs so that Dad and Mike could get a nice look as Mom oiled me all over. As she worked downward to grease my pussy lips, she couldn't resist slipping a finger up my slit and over my clit, which was already aroused. A little groan of pleasure slipped out of me. "I think we should really sun a little before we let them take advantage of us," Mom whispered to me. "I'm really enjoying laying out, and a little teasing will do them good."

"Umm. You're right. Let's not wait too long though. I'm horny as hell right now," I whispered back. And so we lay there for another twenty minutes, soaking in the rays and drowsily thinking erotic thoughts, while our slightly spread thighs gave our lovers a clear view of our pussies.

At last Dad spoke up. "Hey Mike! Look at those two flaunting their goods at us. I think they need to be taught not to be such cock teasers. What do you think?"

Mike was still in a quandary. "Uh, yeah Jim, I guess so. Whatever you say."

"Well I for one feel like a fuck, and I can't fuck them both. Care to lend a hand with this? Actually a cock more than a hand." Dad laughed.

"You want me to fuck Janet?" Mike asked hesitantly.

Dad laughed again. "If you prefer her. Now that you've had them both, you should be in a good position to choose the one you like best."

Mike was taken aback. "Oh. You know about that? And you didn't mind?"

"Do I sound like I mind?" He laughed again. "We've all been yanking your chain. Seriously, Ellen and I have been swingers for years. And you've seen that Janet isn't shy either. I hope we don't bother you."

"I guess that it would be silly for me to claim that I'm bothered."

"Good, then let's get to work. Both of these shameless hussies have been asking for it for an hour. Do you still want Janet?"

Mike looked perplexed. "I guess so. I assume you don't fuck your daughter, so it should be me."

I couldn't resist a little snort at that. "What would you think if he did?" Mike didn't say anything, but I could tell he was somewhat shocked at our behavior. I thought, "Screw him if he doesn't like it."

Dad was ready and said, "I think I'd like to quit talking and get in Ellen's pussy. Ladies! Ahoy there! Prepare to receive boarders." With this nautical pleasantry, he stripped off his shirt and bathing trunks, showing his long erect cock.

Mom sat up and got onto her knees, facing aft. Seeing Mike start to strip down, I did the same, so that our bare bottoms were easily accessible. Dad knelt down behind Mom and ran his hand between her thighs while he stroked his cock lightly. "I don't think we'll need any foreplay this afternoon, my dear. You are soaked." He placed his cock at Mom's entry and entered her in one smooth stroke, then began to fuck her at a slow steady pace. While he held onto one of her ass cheeks, he reached over with the other hand to feel my pussy. I was as wet as Mom, and getting impatient. "She's ready Mike. You better get over here, or she's going to cum without you."

I felt Dad's hand leave my ass and Mike's replace it. Then a familiar cockhead was placed between my cunt lips and pushed slowly in, spreading my pussy walls until his hairy thighs met the backs of mine. I exhaled softly. Mike bent over my back to feel my dangling breasts with both hands, squeezing my nipples roughly. Then holding to both tits for balance, he started to fuck in and out of me. "Oh God Mike, I love that. Fuck me lover!" I pushed back on every thrust, trying to get him deeper inside me. Not having been fucked since the time before with Mike, I had five days of abstinence stored up, and I knew I would cum quickly. "I need to have my clit rubbed, Mike. I need to cum. Please!"

Mike straightened up, releasing my breasts. Holding onto my hip with his left hand and continuing to thrust into me, he reached down and around with his right until his fingers found my engorged clit. I felt my orgasm start to build as he teased it. "Yes! Yes! That's so good! Keep fucking me!" He was now pounding me as hard as he could with his hand massaging my clit. In another few seconds, the orgasm hit me like a wave washing over my body. My pussy spasmed hard as I lost strength in my arms and screamed aloud. I could no longer support my weight with my arms, and they folded so that my head and chest were on the cushion while my rear remained upright with Mike still embedded in me.

I was aware that he was still moving slowly in and out of me, but thankfully he was no longer touching my now too-sensitive clit. He continued this for a few more minutes while I regained composure. Then he said, "OK Janet, you've been loafing too long now, and I need to cum too. Get back up on your hands." After I did so, I felt his hands leave my hips. "I've been fucking you for ten minutes. Now I'm going to let you do all the work. Start working your hips back and forth onto my cock." I grabbed hold of the steel bar of the rear pulpit to support myself, and rocked back and forth, alternately pushing my cunt onto and off of his still hard cock. As I did so, I felt a second smaller orgasm start to build. This was a yummy idea, and I worked even faster. Mike was appreciative. "You are so good, love. I can't believe how wet your pussy is and how it's gripping my cock. Keep going! I'm going to cum in you pretty soon."

"Yes! I want to feel your cum in my pussy. I'm gonna cum too. Fuck!" My second orgasm spread over me, not as intense as the first, but again I felt the spasm of my cunt walls. Mike felt it too, and suddenly gripped my hips and pumped really hard, slamming into me.

"Here it is, Janet. I'm cumming in your cunt." I felt him slow down, and with each deliberate thrust he spurted into me. After the fourth spurt he withdrew and pumped his cock slowly with his hand, so that more cum seeped out onto first my back and then on my asshole. "Mmmm," he said, exhaling slowly. "That's what I call a fuck."

I felt some of his cum starting to leak out of me and drip down the inside of my thighs. "That's what I call it too, Mike, you wonderful man. I came twice. Did you feel it?" 

Then Mom spoke up. "I could feel it from here. We got done early, and were watching you. You looked like you were more than enjoying it."

I could go on, but suffice it to say that to recover ourselves we shut down the motor, heaved to, and went for a swim. There is a dangerous, exciting feeling about swimming naked in the ocean with three miles of water beneath you and no land for hundreds of miles. 

Later that day on my off-watch, Mike and I were sitting on the foredeck with his arms around my shoulders enjoying the warmth of afternoon sun and the breeze that came over the bow as a result of our seven knots of speed. He turned to me and asked, "There's something I want to know. If I had picked your mom earlier, would you have let your dad fuck you?"

"I bet you've already guessed the answer. Does that bother you?"

"Um, well yes and no. In one sense I think it's a turn-on, but on the other hand it is incest."

"You know I love my dad. It was I who seduced him a long time ago, so don't blame him for being a normal guy. I mean, I seduced you as well. If he wasn't my dad, would it be OK?"

"Maybe I'm jealous. I really like you a lot, even if we only really know each other in the biblical sense."

"I think we've made a good start. We can get to know each other a lot better in the next few weeks, both biblically and otherwise. Would it bother you if Dad and I fucked too? I know Mom liked what you and she did a whole lot."

"I don't know what to think. I was never in a situation like this. Here I hadn't had sex for weeks, and now I get to choose between two beautiful babes. I guess things could be a lot worse. Let me think about this for a while."

We then resumed motoring, and life went back to "normal" for a week. Normal in this case means that we resumed the watch schedule, ate meals together, and generally acted like passage makers. I moved into the aft cabin with Mike, and we fucked there once a day on my off-watch. He is an imaginative lover and has control, so that I never failed to orgasm with him.

Then we found the trades and set a westerly course with the winds almost dead astern. With the motor off, the boat moved briskly through the sea with a swooshing sound broken only by the occasional creak of sails and the whistle of the wind in the rigging. It began to be very hot during the day, and even at night the cabins were stuffy. In general we wore only swimwear and t-shirts, plus hats in the daytime to ward off the sun.

One afternoon, Mike and I were sleeping fitfully in our cabin when we heard Mom and Dad making some familiar noises above our heads on the afterdeck. I turned to Mike, "Sounds like they are having fun up there. Do you want to sneak up and surprise them?"

"Sure. The last time they performed in public I was too busy to observe them." We laughed.

"I remember how busy you were. Let's be quiet." 

We padded slowly into the salon and stood up on the companionway ladder looking aft into the cockpit. Mom was standing bent over holding onto the compass pedestal while Dad was pumping her hard in her ass. I knew that they did anal, but I had never watched them before. My pussy started to dampen at once.

Mike whispered to me, "He's fucking her in the ass, and she looks like she's enjoying it. I never saw anything like that." I could see that Mike's cock was engorged, pushing out the front of his swim trunks.

I reached over to feel him through his shorts. "You seem to be enjoying it too." 

Just then I heard Dad grunt and increase his pace so that he was slamming into her, holding onto to her hips with both hands. Then he abruptly pulled out as he spurted gobs of cum over her back and ass crack, so that it ran down between her cheeks and thighs.

I pulled Mike down the ladder, hoping that we hadn't been seen. 

When we were back in the cabin, I was so hot I couldn't say anything at first. I just stripped off my t-shirt and shorts, lay back on the bed, and spread my legs with a leer at Mike. "After seeing that, I need to get off right now." Mike was still hard as well, and he stripped down in two seconds flat.

"Me too, babe. Do you want me to fuck your ass too?"

"Hell no. That has to hurt. Do me the regular way, hurry!"

Neither of us was in the mood for foreplay, and he climbed aboard, inserted himself in me quickly, and commenced to pump me hard. I played with my nipples and wrapped my legs high around his back as we fucked, neither saying anything as we looked into each others' eyes. I lasted only two or three minutes before cumming strongly, and when Mike felt my cunt clench his shaft, he too let go, filling me with his sperm.

Satiated for the moment, and covered in sweat, we lay together afterwards. I murmured, "I can't believe how hot seeing Mom and Dad made me. Did you ever fuck a girl back there?"

"No. None of my former girlfriends would let me."

"You wanted to though?"

"Well, I guess so. Most men want to try it. It's the forbidden hole."

"This could be your lucky voyage. I bet Mom will do it with you. In fact, I'd bet she's figuring out how to get you in there right now."

"That may be true. But I'd rather have you no matter which hole it is."

"You're such a sweet fucking liar. But I love being lied to like that." I rolled over to kiss him deeply. "But you know what? I'm going to ask Mom about it anyway. She's only 5'2", and if she likes it so much, maybe I should be doing it to. Would you like to have my cherry, darling?"

"You know it. And you'll be my first too. A couple of anal virgins, us."