 Hi my name is Vicki and besides flashing one of my favorite things is ordering things to be delivered like pizza, Chinese food or when I know UPS or FED EX I would answer the door wearing nothing but a towel. Then depending on their reaction I would seduce them. Well this one evening I was in the mood and decided to order some pizza. I slipped on some stockings and heels and put my towel on. The towel barely covered my ass and pussy and barely wrapped around my body either. I put my purse on the coffee table so I would have to bend over to get to it and positioned my little mirror so I could see behind me for the delivery person's reaction.

When the doorbell rang I did a quick check to make sure everything was in place than I opened the door. To my surprise there was a girl standing there holding my pizza. She looked to be in her early to mid 20's wearing tight jeans, her Pizza delivery T-shirt with her brown hair in a pony tail under her pizza hat.

Girl "Here's your Pizza the total is $16." she quickly looked me up and down.

Vicki "Thank you could you place it on the kitchen table for me please? I was in the middle of getting dressed."

Girl "Sure no problem." 

She walked in and placed the pizza on the table then turned back towards me. I turned with my back to her and bent at the waist to get the money knowing I was going to flash her my bare ass and pussy. As I did I noticed her kinda leaning down looking at me trying to get a better view under my towel. I thought to myself that I wouldn't mind having some sweet young pussy for desert instead of cock. I turned back towards her smiling.

Vicki "Did you enjoy the view?"

Girl "Sure, I like looking at woman besides just men."

Vicki "Oh you do?" As I opened my towel and gave her a full view. "Is this better?" She took her time looking me up and down and smiled.

Girl "You look really hot and in all the right places."

Vicki "Well thank you sweetie. You look pretty hot yourself in those jeans but they do take away form the full effect. Have you ever been with a woman before?"

Girl "I've kissed other woman before but I've never really done anything else with one."

I walked towards her dropping my towel "Well what do you think of the rest of the view?"

Girl "You look great."

I took her hands and guided them to my breasts. She cupped them and began caressing them as I moaned in pleasure. I cupped her breasts through her T-shirt and she moaned.

Vicki 'Why don't you come sit on the couch with me and maybe get to know each other a little?"

I walked over to the couch and sat down with one foot on the floor and the other on the couch smiling at her. She began walking towards me and slipped her T-shirt up over her head. She was wearing a white bra which she UN-clipped and let fall to the floor revealing her firm perky breasts, than she undid her jeans showing matching white panties letting them fall to the floor also as she stepped out of them and came closer. She stood in front of me hooked her fingers into her pants and slipped them off revealing a neatly shaved pussy.

I took her hand and guided her to the couch next to me and kissed her softly. I moved her hand to my breasts one again as my own hands started caressing her still kissing letting my tongue slide between her lips. My hand slipped down between her legs and caressed her soft pussy and she moaned. As my finger slid between her wet pink lips I started kissing her neck and working my way to her breasts letting my tongue circle her nipples before suckling on them.

I let 2 fingers slide inside her and began finger fucking her. She had her legs spread wide for me and I kissed my way down her tummy to her swollen clit. I blew cool air over her clit before sucking it into my mouth letting my tongue flicker off it as my fingers pushed deeper into her pussy. Her pussy was clinching down on my fingers as her hips moved meeting the strokes of them. Her hands were on my head holding my mouth too her as she grind-ed her pussy on my mouth as I sucked and pulled at her clit. Then I heard a phone ringing.

Girl 'OH shit I forgot." She reached into her pants and pulled out her phone. "My boyfriend is in the car waiting on me."

Vicki 'Tell him to come in."

Girl "Seriously?"

Vicki "Sure why not unless you don't want him too."

Girl "I don't mind if you don't. I know he'd love it."

She answered the phone "Hi, hold on one second." she muted the phone. "What should I tell him?"

Vicki 'Tell him your getting a tip for delivering the pizza."

She laughed and told him "I'm getting a tip for delivering the pizza. Park the car and come on in."

She hung up the phone and spread her legs again. I went back to sucking her clit and fingering. A few minutes past and we heard the door open. I looked over and saw a guy in his late twenties standing there in jeans and a T-shirt with a good looking build. He stood there for a minute watching us as she laid there moaning. He walked in and closed the door behind him.

Boyfriend "What the fuck are you doing?"

Girl "Getting my tip for delivering the pizza.?

Boyfriend "But I'm the one that's driving."

Vicki "Well if you'd like a tip then come join us." then I went back to licking her pussy.

Girl "Sure come join us."

I could hear him undoing his pants and kicking off his shoes. Then I felt his hand on my ass.

Boyfriend "Are you sure you don't mind babe?"

Girl "I don't if she don't."

All I did was left my ass up more for him and wiggle it. He started rubbing the head of his cock along my slit before pushing the head between my pink lips. I pushed back onto his cock and he thrust it inside me. I moaned into her pussy as I picked up the pace finger fucking her and sucking her clit. Her hips were moving faster as she held onto my head panting and moaning as I fucked her. Her body started to tense and she climaxed squirting her cream into my mouth.

I slowed my pace and and moved meeting his thrust for a bit till she could relax. Then I spread her pink lips and started sliding my tongue inside her. She put her legs over my shoulders and was fucking herself on my tongue while her boyfriend was still pounding away from behind. Her juices were flowing from her pussy and down to her ass. I took my finger and rubbed her sweet cream over her rosebud. She flinched at first then relaxed. I slid my finger slowly into her ass and she clinched down on it then relaxed again letting me slide it in deeper. Once I had my finger fully in her ass I went back to tongue fucking her and fingering her tight back hole.

Girl "SHIT!

Boyfriend "Whats wrong?"

Girl "Nothing."

I giggled to myself and started fucking her ass faster while my tongue kept licking up her juices. Her boyfriend started grunting and groaning as he slammed into my pussy with his nice thick cock. After a few more quick thrusts into me he pulled his cock out and shot his load over my back and ass. He slummed back and sat on the couch behind me watching his girlfriend getting eaten by me. I reached back with my free hand and smeared his cum over my rosebud and slipped 2 fingers inside my ass and began fucking myself.

Boyfriend "Oh shit she's finger fucking her ass."

Girl "Yeah well she's finger fucking my ass too."

Boyfriend "She's what?

Girl "She's finger fucking my ass."

Boyfriend "Dam! Do you like it?"

Girl "Yes it feels good the way she's doing it." 

Her body tensed once more as she again climaxed. I raised up still fingering my ass and she started sucking on my nipples and rubbing my clit. That was all I needed to send me over the top and I squirted my cream all over her hand. I tool her hand and licked my cream from it then gave her a nice deep kiss letting her taste me. We laid on the couch holding each other and looked down at her boyfriend who was sitting there stroking his hard cock.

Boyfriend "So are you ready for me to fuck you in the ass now babe?"

Girl "Your not putting that big cock of yours in my ass no way."

Boyfriend "AWWW come on! I want to feel what's it like to fuck someone in the ass."

Vicki "If she doesn't mind you can fuck me in the ass OK?

Girl "Hey if you want that cock of his in your ass go for it I'll watch."

I got up from the couch and had him slide his ass towards the edge of the couch. Then I turned around straddling him and and guided his cock to my rosebud. She got down on the floor between our legs and watched as his cock spread my ass and slowly slid inside me. I moaned as I felt his cock spreading my ass and pushing deeper. Once he was fully inside me he started thrusting up fucking my ass. Then I raised up for her to have a better view and to get a better feel of his cock fucking me. He was thrusting upward fucking me hard when she leaned in and began sucking on my clit. My fingers were running through her hair as he was pounding away into my ass. 

Boyfriend "OH FUCK I"M GOING TO CUM!" As he tried to lift me off his cock.

Vicki "Oh no, not this time."

I forced myself down onto his cock and started grinding on him. He gave up trying to get me off and grabbed my hips holding down hard as he started shooting his hot cum into my ass. I squeezed my ass on his cock milking him until his cock stopped jerking inside me. I crawled off him onto all fours and let them both see his cum dripping out of my ass. She took his cock in her mouth and sucked him dry. When she was done we sat and talked about what had just happen. 

After we all relaxed for a bit we went and got cleaned up. Then they got dressed and thanked me for the awesome tip for delivering the pizza. I told them I would be ordering some more pizza's soon and hope to see them again. We smiled and kissed goodbye before they left.

*****

Hope you enjoyed the story and would love to hear your feedback.