 To refresh your memory I reproduce the last few lines of part 7:

'MOMMY' he shouted and embraced Razia. 

'Nice to have you back' Razia said kissing the lad, 'you little rascal what are you doing here shouldn't you be in college?' 

'Sure but due to unusually long dry spell there was no water in the hostel and the vacations were only a week away therefore the authorities decided to close the college a week early and here I am' Rashid replied laughing. 

'Good that you have come' Razia said, 'come meet our guests. 

'Friends this young rascal is my son Rashid' she announced and introduced us one by one ending with 'and you know Shabnam and uncle Sahebji'. 

'UNCLE SAHEBJI' Rashid said loudly, 'how are you?' 

'Nice to see you too son' Sahebji replied, 'come sit next to me tell me all you have been doing or not doing'. After half an hour of general conversation Sahebji said, 'Rashid you have turned out to be a fine young man. I bet you must be playing havoc with the girls'. 

'No such luck. I don't even have a girl friend' Rashid replied. 

'Kya! Tune abhi tak kissi lardki ko nahin choda (What! You have not fucked a girl yet)' Sahebji asked surprised. 

Now for part 8: 

'No uncle' Rashid replied blushing, 'I did get a chance once but I botched it'. 

'Tell us about it' Sahebji said. 

Rashid looked at me and hesitated. 'Go on tell us. Randy is a good friend' Sahebji said reassuring the youth. 

'One day my friend Sonu and I were discussing our favorite subject; girls. I told him that I was still a virgin and desperately wanted to fuck a girl' Rashid said narrating his tale, 'Sonu told me that I should date Raksha, a girl two years senior to us, she fucks everybody and anybody and that he had also had her many times'. 

'Gathering courage I asked Raksha to go to the movies with me' Rashid continued, 'to my surprise she agreed readily. During the movie she grabbed my cock and cooed' Oooo you have a nice big cock'. But when I tried to touch her she said not now later'.

'After the movie' Rashid continued, 'she took me to a secluded spot and pulling up her skirt she lay down on the grass saying, 'Rashid ab mujhe chodo (Rashid now fuck me)'. It was quite dark and I could not see clearly but there was enough light for me to make out that she was not wearing any panties. As I had never seen a naked girl I tried hard to look at her choot'. 

'Hurry up man' she urged, 'it is getting late. I have to be back by ten'. 

'My cock was rock hard but when I mounted her, my erection dwindled. I tried to get hard again but could not. Raksha laughed in my face and tauntingly said, 'Rashid you are not man enough', and went away. Since that day I have not had the courage to ask anyone else' Rashid said finishing his story. 

'You mean to tell me that you have not even fucked Mary or Maya' Sahebji said probing deeper. 

'I tried to but they just won't let me' Rashid replied. 

'But you do kiss them and squeeze their tits' I asked wanting to confirm my impression. 

'Yes they let me do that but nothing more' Rashid replied. 

'Rashid my boy tonight you are going to lose your virginity. I promise you. You see all those pretty girls. You can chose the one you would like to lose your virginity to' Sahebji said. 

'Picking one of them is not easy. Actually I would love to fuck all of them' Rashid giggled. 

'What! You want to fuck your mother and sister also' I asked to check his leanings.

'Of course not. I meant all the others' Rashid replied blushing. 

'Spoken like a man' Sahebji said, 'you will have them all but you can lose your virginity to only one of them'. 

'What about mommy? What will she say?' Rashid asked. 

'She will say nothing. Trust me everything will be fine' Sahebji assured the young lad. 

After dinner Sahebji announced, 'Friends we have a virgin among us. Can we allow that?'

'NO' everyone shouted. 

'I am personally going to see to it that this person no longer remains a virgin' he continued. 

'Who is this person' Razia asked with a knowing smile. 

'She knows who Sahebji has in mind' I thought. 

'None other than young Rashid' Sahebji replied pointing dramatically at Rashid. 

'Hai nahin! Tum kya mere bete ki gaand maaroge? (Oh no! You want to bugger my son)' Razia replied with affected fear in her voice. 

'You know darling I love fucking girls in their ass hole and on occasions I have even enjoyed boys. I thought of it but rejected the idea, as Rashid is too old for that 'Sahebji laughed entering into the spirit of the game, 'seriously I had his other virginity in mind. Which one of you pretty ladies would volunteer to take his maiden sperm in her choot'. 

There were shouts of 'ME' ME' 'NO! ME'. 

'Quiet' Razia said raising her hand, 'if the little rascal is going to lose his virginity tonight then I will decide who will take it. Rashid go into your bedroom and wait'. 

When Rashid had left everyone shouted, 'Who is the lucky one?' 

'Arti would you kindly consent to take his cherry' Razia asked. 

Before Arti could reply Shabnam asked, 'Mommy why Arti?' 

'Normally it should have been me because I have the maximum experience but as I am the mother of this rascal and detest incest I can't, so the next most experienced among us is Arti. Satisfied. Arti what do you say?' 

'Okay with me provided you don't open your "Third Eye"' Arti replied. 

Razia thought for a minute then said, 'Okay agreed'. 

'What is this "Third Eye" business' Ritu asked. 

'You will get to know when the time comes' Razia replied smiling. 

With this matter settled Razia proceeded to make the night's pairing. 

'Auntie may I say something?' Ritu asked. 

'No need, my child I know what your choot desires' Razia replied, 'Sahebji will fuck you and your sister tonight. Is that what you wanted to say?' 

'Oh yes, thank you auntie' Ritu said, 'but how did you know that we wanted uncle Sahebji'. 

'She can not only see through walls but is also a fucking mind reader' Nitu piped up. 

'Language girl language' Razia admonished Nitu, 'no I am not a mind reader, it was simple logic. As Randy does not believe in incest it was obvious that he has not fucked you two and your choots must be hungry to taste the pleasures a big cock can give. Right? Now run along and enjoy yourselves'. 

Razia then decided who would sleep with whom keeping me for herself. 

Razia looked even more alluring lying naked in bed. I kissed her tenderly and caressed her tits. Her loud moans acknowledged my caress. After I had kissed and suckled her nipples I went to work with my tongue on her hairless choot. 

'Oh Randy your tongue feels so good' she moaned. I continued to eat her pussy then moving lower pushed my tongue inside her dripping choot. 'AAAGGHRR' she moaned, 

'Y...hes darling tongue fuck me' she screamed. 

A few minutes later she shouted, 'YOUR TONGUE IS DRIVING ME CRAZY. I CAN'T WAIT FUCK ME RANDY FUCK ME'. 

Mounting her I rubbed my cock up and down her wet slit. 'OHHH RANDY DON'T TEASE ME ANY LONGER SHOVE YOU BIG LUND INTO MY HUNGRY CHOOT'. 

With one hard stroke I rammed my cock to the hilt into her choot. 'AAAHHHH THAT WAS LOVELY. NOW FUCK THE HELL OUT OF ME' she squealed with pleasure. I started to fuck her with long slow strokes but later varied the length and the speed of my strokes. Razia continued to moan loudly. Her bottoms moved up and down in rhythm of the in and out motion of my cock. Her body arched. She was about to cum.

'OH GODDD IT FEELS SOOOO LOVELY' she yelled, 'Y...HES FUCK ME FASTER. Y...HES THAT IS THE WAY. OH FUCK ME HARDER. HAAN AUR ZOR SE CHODO (YES FUCK ME HARDER). MAKE MINCEMEAT OUT OF MY CHOOT. GODDD I AAAMMMM NEARRLYYY THERE. OHHHH I AMMMM COMMMMIIINNNNGGGGGG' she screamed and fell back gasping for breath on the bed. 

Our lips met. As we kissed I spurted my seed into her cunt with a loud 'AAHHHH' of satisfaction. 

'Oh darling it was lovely' she said kissing and licking my lund clean. We fucked again. When I was ready to fuck her for the third time she turned on to her stomach saying, 'Randy this time I want you to fuck me in my ass hole'. 

'With pleasure' I replied and after applying spit pushed my cock into her rear entrance. 

'OOOOWWWA' she screamed, 'oh do it gently. Your laurda is sooo big'. 

While moving my cock in and out of her gaand I simultaneously rubbed her choot with my hand. 

'OH RANDY IT FEELS LOVELY. GO ON DON'T STOP. OHHHH I AMMMM COMMMINNNGGG' she screamed. At this moment I also released my load into her. Later we fucked one more time and went to sleep in each other's arms. 

In the morning we all assembled for breakfast but there was no sign of Rashid. Seeing the big grin on my sisters faces Razia asked, 'Girls how was your night? Did you enjoy Sahebji's big cock?' 

'Oh auntie it was heavenly' Ritu sighed. 

'I felt like a virgin again' Nitu giggled. 

'I am so happy for you two' Razia said and turning to Arti asked, 'how did it go with you and the little rascal?' 

'It was lovely. He is a fast learner' Arti replied. 

'No tell us in detail' Razia said. 

'When I entered the room I found Rashid waiting impatiently' Arti said, 'he was naked with his cock erect'. 

'So you are going to be my first fuck' he said grabbing me. 

'Kissing me wildly he pushed me towards the bed. 'Relax Rashid' I told him, 'main chuwane aayi hoon bhagoongi nahin. Mujhe pahele kaprde tau uttarne de (I have come to fuck and won't run away. Let me undress first)'. 

'Sorry Arti' he said blushing and released me. 

While he watched I undressed slowly and lay down on the bed. Without moving he stared at my naked body. 'Kya paheli baar ek lardki ki choot dekh rahe ho? (Is it the first time that you are seeing a girl's cunt?)' I asked. 

'Haan (Yes)' he replied breathing hard. 

Spreading my arms and legs I said, 'Meri choot ko baad main theek terah dekh lena ab aao aur mujhe chodo (You can investigate my cunt later but now fuck me)'. 

He fell upon me and roughly pushing his cock inside me started to fuck me with hard and fast strokes. As it was his first fuck I did not say anything. Within minutes he shot his sperm inside me and lay panting on me. 

I tried to push him off me but he said, 'Please Arti let me be I want to fuck again. I will be hard in a minute I promise'. 

'I know you will be hard in a minute' I said, 'but before we fuck again we must talk'. 

Reluctantly he got off me. 'Did you enjoy your first fuck?' I asked. 

'Oh Arti it was wonderful. A million no a trillion times more pleasurable than masturbating' he gushed with enthusiasm. 

'Good but I didn't' I said. 

'No you didn't but I thought girls also felt pleasure' he asked surprised. 

'Yes they do but you fucked too fast. You must fuck slowly girls require more time to cum' I told him, 'now fuck me again but slowly'. 

He then fucked me again with slow strokes. 'That is right keep moving like this. Keep varying the speed and the length of your strokes' I advised him. Soon he got the hang of it. After ten minutes I felt that heavenly feeling coming over me. 'Rashid you are doing great. Now a little faster. Y..HES FASTER AND HARDER. GODD IT FEELS HEAVENLY. FASTER GOOD HARDER. OHHH OHH RASHID I AMMM COOMMMMINNNNGG' I screamed as I came. Few strokes later with a loud 'AAHHH' he also came. 

'How was it this time?' he asked panting. 

'Much better than the first time' I replied. 

'Good the first lesson is that when you fuck a girl make sure that she enjoys it too. Normally a girl will not come to you like I did i.e. ready to be fucked. You have to make her want to fuck. It is therefore necessary for you to know how to sexually arouse a girl'. 

Then I told him in some detail about our erogenous points and how to excite them. Rashid then caressed my tits, kissed and sucked my nipples. He ate my pussy finishing with tongue fucking me. As I said before he is a fast learner. After this we fucked again. 

'Another pleasure a girl can give a man is to let him fuck her in her ass hole' I said. 

'What fuck a girl in her gaand' he asked surprised. 

'Yes in her gaand. It is very pleasure some. Ask any of the boys. Both Randy and your uncle Sahebji love it' I told him laughing, 'but remember to use some sort of lubrication as it very painful for the girl'. 

After he had fucked my gaand we slept. When I got up Rashid was still asleep. He woke up when I was dressing after my bath. He wanted to fuck me but I said, 'Please Rashid not now I have already had my bath'. 

'What shall I do with this' he wailed showing me his huge erection. 

'Oh that! I will deal with it' I told him and gave him his first blowjob. He enjoyed it very much but still insisted that he wanted to fuck. I offered to suck him off again. 

'No thanks Arti but I want to fuck' he said and throwing on his dressing gown walked out of the room'. I don't know where he is now' Arti said finishing her experience with Rashid. 

'Thank you Arti' Razia said, 'I knew that you will show him the right path. Where is the rascal anyway? Mary have you seen Master Rashid?' 

'Yes ma'am last I saw him was when he was humping Maya' Mary replied with a broad grin. Few minutes later Rashid, still dressed in his dressing gown, entered the dining room with a blushing Maya in tow. 

'God I am famished' falling in a chair he said to Mary, 'Bitch get me four fried eggs with lots of toast and tea'. 

'RASHID! THAT IS NO WAY TO ADDRESS MARY' Razia reprimanded him severely, 'apologize to her immediately'. 

'Ma'am let it be. No need for an apology' Mary said placing a plate of eggs and toast before Rashid, 'he calls me by that name only when he wants to show his affection towards me. I don't mind it but sort of like it'. 

'Since when is this going on?' Razia asked looking at Rashid. Rashid shrugged pushing a large piece of toast into his mouth. 

'Mary you tell me since when is he abusing you like this' Razia said to Mary. Mary remained silent and looked at Rashid. 

With his mouth full of egg and toast Rashid said, 'I don't care. Tell her what you like bitch'.

'WELL' Razia said tapping the table with her forefinger. 

'Since two years ma'am' Mary replied glancing at Rashid who seemed to be concentrating on his eggs and toast, 'one morning two years ago Master Rashid came into the kitchen, dressed the way he is now, and displaying his erection wanted to fuck me. I refused telling him that he was still too young. He begged me to let him. Though the sight of his erection had made me wet I didn't relent. I warned Maya also. We let him kiss us and squeeze our tities though but nothing more. Isn't that right pet?' 

'Yes ma'am' Maya said, 'Mary is right. Today is the very first time that Master Rashid has fucked me that also because he said that he had your permission'. 

'He didn't' Razia laughed, 'but I would have given it if the rascal had asked me. Rashid now you can fuck Mary also whenever you like'. 

'Me fuck that bitch, never' Rashid said angrily, 'I won't touch her choot even if she begged me to'. 

'We will see about that' Mary replied grinning devilishly, 'Father Time will tell'. 

'I'll fuck Father Time but not you' Rashid said pushing back his chair. 

He walked up to Jaya and said, 'Come Jaya let us fuck'. 

'Wait a few minutes let me finish this first' Jaya replied pointing to a frankfurter on her plate. 

'For that puny looking frankfurter you are saying no to this sausage' Rashid said opening his dressing gown and exhibiting a grand erection. 

'WOW! WHAT A BEAUTIFUL DONG' Jaya said scrambling to her feet and pulling Rashid by his cock towards the door added, 'excuse me auntie I will finish my breakfast later'. 

Rashid had a nice big cock, nearly as large as Amit's. In her hurry Jaya tripped on the carpet and fell. Rashid didn't wait. He nailed her right there in front of all of us. 

'Well done' Ram shouted clapping. 

'Fuck her hard' Ashu said pulling Payal to the floor. The girls laughed and started to clap in rhythm of Rashid's strokes. Within minutes there was chaos in the room as the girls tried to grab the available boys. 

'Excuse me I am going to my room' Razia said getting up, 'but you youngsters enjoy yourself'. 

As I went after Razia from the corner of my eye I saw that Ritu and Nitu had cornered Sahebji. I caught up with her in the living room. 'Razia let us fuck' I proposed. 

'With pleasure' she replied, 'come to my room'. 

'No not in your room. Here on the floor' I said and laying her down entered her choot. I fucked her twice without withdrawing. As I was preparing to fuck her third time I heard Ram say, 'Dear brother in law you can't monopolize the fair lady. Give others also a chance'. 

The whole day went this way. Rashid was the most active. He fucked every girl and some of then twice. At the dinner table he was exhausted and sleepy. 'Mommy I don't want dinner I want to sleep' he mumbled. 

'No darling you must eat otherwise how will you get your strength back' Razia said putting her foot down. 

Rashid gobbled down his food and mumbled sleepily, 'Please excuse me I am going to bed. Good night everybody'. 

'Good night' we echoed. 

'Poor fellow' Arti remarked, 'he will be dead to the world till morning'. 

'Don't count on it' Razia laughed looking towards the far end of the room. I followed her glance and saw Mary lighting a small lamp under a bowl of oil. I wondered who is the lucky fellow to get the massage tonight. Mary looked enquiringly at Razia. 

'No Mary wait till we have finished dinner' Razia said, 'we want to watch'. Mary nodded. Half an hour later when we finished dinner Razia said, 'come guys let us go to my room. There is a very interesting program on TV'. As we trooped to her room she called out, 'Mary tell Maya to serve coffee in my room'.

This I thought was the signal for Mary to go ahead.

On entering her room Razia pressed a key on a remote and a large panel slid back noiselessly exposing a large TV screen. 

'WOW! I have never seen a TV with such a big screen before' Ritu exclaimed. 

'Friends this is my 'Third Eye' Razia said pressing another button. 

A picture of Rashid sleeping soundly appeared on the screen. 'My God that is Rashid on the screen' Nitu said, 'and look Mary has come in with a lamp and a katori (bowl) on a tray'. 

I followed her gaze. Yes she was right, it was Rashid. Mary placed the tray on the bedside table and started to undress Rashid. 'So Rashid is in for a massage' I thought glancing towards Sahebji. He was also looking at me. We both grinned at each other. 

'Y..y..you mean you can see into his room from here?' Sara asked. 

'Not only into this room but all the rooms' Razia elaborated. 

'T..T..That means you have seen us all fucking' Amit said. 

'Of course' Razia laughed, 'how did you think I could tell the size of your cocks'. 

'Oh God' they said crestfallen. I was surprised at their reaction but our Jaya ran to form. 'Did you also watch me fucking how did I look?' she giggled. 

'Yes dear I saw Amit screwing you, you looked so happy and pretty' Razia replied smiling. 

'Oh yes Amit's cock fits so nicely in my choot' Jaya sighed. 

Amit laughed loudly, 'Fits nicely she says it was like entering a big hall'. 

'That is not a nice thing to say' Jaya said with tears welling up in her eyes. 

'AMIT! That was very rude' Arti said admonishing him, 'apologize to her immediately'. 

'Please Jaya don't feel bad. I am very sorry, I was only joking' Amit said obeying Arti. 

'I knew that. I know Amit loves me' Jaya said smiling, and her tears disappeared as quickly as they had appeared. 

'Randy, Jaya reminds me of my old girl friend Nisha. She was also so full of life' Sahebji said to me then turning to Jaya added, 'come here my little one and check out how my cock fits your choot'. 
