 As I turned in bed I thought my head would fall off. Cautiously, I opened one eye then the other. Through the crack in the window curtains I saw that at last the sun had penetrated through the clouds. I pulled myself into sitting position and lit a cigarette. 'God! What a night?' I felt that a hundred drums were beating in my head. What I really needed now was a steaming cup of strong coffee but I did not have the strength to make one. 'Best would be to go to office' I said to myself, 'one of the girls will brew one for me'. I looked at my watch. It was only seven thirty, a little early to go to work. 'Maybe one of them will come to office early too' I hoped. 

One-hour later, still feeling miserable, I walked into my office with heavy steps. Throwing myself behind my computer I switched it on and with bleary eyes stared at the booting sequence of the machine. Slowly my eyes focused on the screensaver, showing vast green fields with golden yellow stalks of wheat dancing in the breeze. It reminded me of home. I leaned back and closing my eyes let my mind wander homewards....

My home was over one thousand miles to the north. My father, Mr. Prithvi Singh Rata, a well do to farmer, was a big built man with a fierce looking moustache. He was hard as nails and ruled the farm as well his family with an iron hand. His word was law. My mother was a short chubby lady with sad eyes. Her status in the family stood reduced to producing the children of her husband and feeding them. 

Exactly twenty-four years ago I was born sandwiched between two brothers and two sisters. My elder brothers Shammi, 27 and Shashi, 25 unlike me were good in their studies and in sports. My sisters Ritu, 19 and Nitu 18 were not Miss Universe material but nevertheless beautiful with head turning figure and nice sized boobs. I am Randhir, tall, reasonably handsome and well built like my father. The only thing common in us children was that we all were shit scared of our old man. 

My report card was a constant irritant to my father. Whenever I brought one home for him to sign, he would invariably say to my mother, 'Saraswati I don't know what will become of this son of yours. He is neither good in studies nor sports. When he is not playing with that infernal machine of his, he lies around dreaming. He is lazy and wants to enjoy all the good things in life without working for them'. 

His assessment of me was right. I loved my computer and was lazy. I dreamed of vast riches, a fleet of cars and a bevy of beautiful women at my beck and call but earning all this never figured into my scheme of things. I was not much of an achiever but when I did achieve something I tended to boast about it. I was not all bad. I also had a positive side. I was good at computers and had a phenomenal memory for figures. For this reason I opted to study 'Computers and Finance'. To my father's surprise I passed my exams with excellent grades. 

After finishing my course for two months I applied for jobs without any success. Then one day a job offer came from my present employers. I was all set to refuse it. Firstly the salary offered was a pittance and secondly I did not want to go so far away from home. My father however had different ideas. 'Randhir' he said, 'they want you to report on the first of next month. Today is the twentieth. I have booked your seat for the 27th. It is advisable to reach a few days earlier so that you are well settled by the time you have to report on duty'. All I could manage to say was, 'Yes father'.

My mother was very unhappy. She said to my father, 'Please, don't send Randhir so far away from me. Who will look after him and in this low salary how will he live and eat'. 

'Saraswati let your son go' my father replied, 'living alone for a few years and fending for himself will do him good. They have promised him a considerable raise after six months provided he is able to earn it. Rest is up to him'. 

After a long two-day train journey I stepped on the soil of this new city. With great difficulty I was able to find a room to stay. It was not really a room. It was a dark dingy hole but that was the best I could afford. My landlady, a 60-year-old widow, as I found out later was a miserly bitch. She was constantly lecturing me to mend my extravagant ways. Every day she reminded me to switch off the light or to use less water. She would throw a fit if she saw the lights burning in my room after ten p.m.

On the first morning, dressed in my only suit, I presented myself before Mr. Swami, General Manager (Accounts & Finance). Mr. Swami peered at me over his horn-rimmed glasses for a few minutes sizing me up and then got up to greet me. Mr. Swami was about 45 years old, 5'6" tall with a thin wiry figure. 'Glad you have come Randhir. You will find the work atmosphere here very congenial. I am sure you will be happy' he said, then glancing at his watch he added, 'let me check if the MD would like to meet you before he gets busy with other matters'. 

Mr. Swami punched some numbers on the phone, 'Good morning sir it is me Swami. The new accountant, Randhir is here'. He listened as the phone made cackling sounds. 'Yes sir the same. Would you like to meet him?' he spoke into the phone. The phone made some more gawking sounds. 'Yes sir, we are on our way' Mr. Swami said replacing the receiver, 'come Randhir let us go. He is free and will see us right away'. 

Mr. Rajan, the managing director of the company, popularly referred to as MD by the staff, was seated behind a huge desk reading the morning financial papers. His office was four times larger than the dingy hole I was living in. It was very tastefully and lavishly furnished. 

'Welcome to our company Randhir. I am glad that you took up this job despite the meager salary offered by us' he said with a disarming smile and extending his hand, 'but it doesn't have to remain so. If you work hard and deliver the goods then you could end up earning more than what Mr. Swami earns, believe me he earns a hell of a lot. Our company is on a roll and set to go places. The only drawback today is that our account books are still written manually and the flow of real time financial data is lacking. Your first job is to computerize our accounts. You have six months time to do it. Trained staff is in place and Mr. Swami will give you all the help you require'. 

'I will do my best sir' I mumbled. 

'Good' he said and dismissed us with a nod. 

The MD was a young man of not more than forty years of age, 5'8" tall and unlike Mr. Swami was of stocky in built. 'Mr. Rajan is very young' I commented. 

'Yes and he is also very intelligent. Under his dynamic leadership the profits of the company have soared to new heights in the last few years' Mr. Swami replied proudly. 

Back in the accounts department he showed me my cabin. The cabin was spacious, adequately furnished with glass windows all round it. On one side was the wall. Through a window in it I could see the city's golf course. On the left was the accounts department and on the right the audit cell. The entry was from the front. He called three ladies and said, 'Randhir meet Mrs. Meera, Mrs. Neha and Mrs. Abida. They are familiar with accounting procedures and are computer literate. From today they will report to you'. 

Before proceeding further a few words about my three assistants. 

Mrs. Meera, 40, was short, not taller than 5' 3", slightly plump with big boobs. She had a pleasant smile and a motherly look. She was married and was the mother of two boys of 15 and 13. Her husband was ten years older than her and worked as a foreman in a local textile factory. 

Mrs. Neha was around 36. She was taller and slimmer than Mrs. Meera. Her tits were about the same size as those of Mrs. Meera but as she was slimmer they gave the impression of being larger. She was also married and had two kids, a boy of 12 and a 10-year-old girl. Her husband remained at home and looked after the kids, as he did not keep good health. 

Mrs. Abida was the youngest and the prettiest of them. She was in her late twenties, 5'6" tall, slim with beautifully shaped boobs just the right size for her slim figure. She was also married but her husband had recently gone to the Middle East to work. She had no children. 

Being new in town I had no friends and I could also not afford to go out very often. Therefore I plunged headlong into my work. The ladies were very cooperative and friendly. Soon we were on first name basis. As I did not have cooking facility in my room I usually bought my lunch from the street vendors and ate cold sandwiches for dinner. One afternoon at lunchtime Meera said, 'Randhir you must be sick of eating the unhygienic rubbish the street vendors sell. You should stop it. You could get sick. Today I have brought lunch for you. Would you like to taste it? I cooked it myself'. 

'Sure Meera it will be a pleasure' I replied. 

After a hearty lunch I said, 'Meera thank you very much for the lunch. You are a very good cook. After many months I have tasted such good food'. 

'Thank you. From today I will bring lunch for you every day' Meera said. 

'Thank a lot but I don't want to put you to any inconvenience' I replied. 

'Inconvenience? No it will be a pleasure' Meera said. Abida and Neha were not far behind. They also started to bring food for me. After that day we all ate lunch together. With their cooperation and hard work I was able to complete my assignment in five months only. 

'Well done Randhir' MD said, 'go to Mr. Swami he has a special envelope for you'. 

The envelope contained more than I had expected. Not only was I given higher than the promised raise, I was also promoted to the post of Senior Accountant. 

My first thought was to write home and convey the good news to my family and the second to look for another place to stay. I smiled to myself as I wrote the letter. I could visualize my father's reaction. With my letter in his hand he would say to my mother in his usual baritone, 'Remember Saraswati, I always told you that if this son of mine decides to work hard then he can do wonders'. 

This was my father's old habit. Whenever he was happy with one of his children he or she became his child otherwise the child was my mother's. I felt very proud when ten days later I received a telegram from my father reading "Well done my son. We are proud of you. Keep it up". From the very next day of getting my raise, I started to hunt for new accommodation. 

One afternoon at lunch Meera said, 'Randhir I hear you are looking for a new place to stay'. 

'Yes as a matter of fact I am' I replied, 'the place I am staying in is the pits and now with the recent raise I can afford something better'. 

'Have you found anything suitable?' she asked. 

'No not yet. The rooms I liked were way too expensive and the others were not what I was looking for' I replied. 

'I have a friend, who has a room to rent. If you like I can show it to you' Meera offered. 

'Sure I would love to see it' I confirmed. 

'Good. I will bring the keys with me tomorrow and you can see it after work' Meera said. 

Next day we left work a little early. The room was actually a fully furnished one-room apartment. It had a large bed, a three-piece sofa set with a center table, a table with chairs for eating meals, a small kitchenette and an attached bathroom. It was airy and had a large window for natural light. I fell in love with it immediately. 

'Meera it is lovely. I hope your friend does not want too much money for it. I have already told you how much I can afford' I said. 

'Don't worry about the rent. We can negotiate it. The main thing is that you should like it' Meera said. 

'Meera I love it' I replied. 

'Come let us talk to my friend' Meera said and led the way. 

After introducing me to her friend she started talking to her in the local lingo. I did not understand a word of what they were saying. I could see that a big argument was taking place. At last Meera smiled, 'Thank you Rajni I knew I could count on you. Come Randhir we have things to discuss'. 

When we returned to the apartment I asked, 'How much does she want?' 

She named a figure. 'That much? It is a little more than what I had wanted to spend' I said. 

'Actually she wanted very much more but this is the best I could do. You decide now' Meera replied. 

'Meera you are an angel. You did well. I think it is worth that much. I will take it' I said making up my mind, 'when can I move in?'

'Right away if you like' Meera said with a smile.

With Meera's help I was settled in my new apartment within two hours. 'Thank you Meera' I said, 'come I will treat you to coffee and snacks'.

'You think I am going to let you off so cheaply?' she laughed, 'you will have to pay me my brokerage for finding this beautiful place'. 

'Meera are you serious?' I asked surprised, 'okay how much?' 

'Three months rent payable now' she replied. 

I was aghast. 'What! You know I don't have that kind of money to pay you' I said. 

'If that is so then I will have to collect my dues in kind' she said. 

'In kind? How?' I asked. 

'Apna karz uttarne ke liye aapko mujhe chodena pardega (To pay off your debt you will have to fuck me)' she said and lay down on the bed pulling up her sari above her waist. Shocked I stared at her fat thighs and her hairy choot (cunt). I could clearly see her slit and her swollen clit. 

'Aap kya dekh rahe hain? Kya aapne pahele koyi lardki nahin chodi? (What are you staring at? Haven't you fucked a girl before?)' Meera asked. 

I had never seen a naked woman in my life before let alone fuck one but I lied, 'Kaun keheta hai? Maine pahele kayi lardkiyon ko choda hai (Who says? Of course I have fucked many girls before)'. 

'Phir der kayeki? Aao aur mujhe chodo (Why the delay then? Come and fuck me)' she invited. 

I quickly undressed freeing my raging hard on. 

'Oooooo what a nice big cock you have' Meera whistled. 

I had read many books on sex but I had no practical experience. Therefore I got on top of her and started to push wildly with a prayer that my cock finds the right track. After a few pushes Meera said loudly, 'STOP! RANDHIR STOP'. I stopped and asked, 'What happened?' She smiled knowingly and taking my cock in her hand inserted my cock into her choot with a deft movement of her hips. 

'Oh her hot slippery passage felt so good' I thought and started to fuck her with hard and fast strokes. 

'Oh Randhir slow down' Meera suggested but I was not listening. This was my first fuck and all I wanted was to cum and cum quickly. I continued to bang my erection into her as fast and hard as I could. Within minutes I spurted my-cum inside her and rolled off her. 

Smiling indulgently Meera asked, 'Randhir tumne mujhse jhoot bola tha. Yeh tumhari paheli chudai hai na? (Randhir you lied to me. This is your first fuck isn't it?)' 

'Yes' I panted shamelessly. 

'You have a very nice big cock. with a little practice you will be able to drive any woman up the wall' she said taking my limp cock in her hand. As soon as she touched my lund (cock) it sprang to attention. 

'Oh it is hard again already' she exclaimed in surprise. But before she could complete her sentence I was on top of her and I pushed my cock inside her. Yes, this time I found her fuck hole on my own and started to fuck her. 

'Randhir iss baar dheere dheere chodo. Phir dono ko mazaa aayega (Randhir this time fuck slowly. This way we both will enjoy' she said kindly. 

Under her directions I started to fuck her with slow long strokes. With each stroke she moaned, 'Oh Randhir'. After five minutes of fucking her hips started to move in rhythm of my strokes. She put her arms round me pressing me to her big tits. 

'Oh Randhir it feels so good. Y..hes my love fuck me harder. Y..hes like this. OHHHH it is lovely. Faster Randhir fuck me faster. Y..hes, y..hes. My god I am nearly there' she shouted. 

I felt her body arch and her crotch press against mine. 'OH RANDHIR GO ON JUST A FEW STROKES MORE. OOOHHHHH GODDD I AMMMMM COOOMMMINNNGGG" she screamed and fell back gasping for breath. 

As it was my second time I was not yet ready to cum. I continued the in and out motion. It was not long before she raised her hips upwards as if trying to stop my cock from withdrawing. She pulled my mouth towards her. Our lips met in a long passionate kiss. My strokes became harder and shorter. Her breath was coming in short gasps. 

'Oh Randhir fuck me harder. Y..es my darling your big cock feels sooo good. Y..hes, y..hes don't stop. Faster y..hes FASTER. MY GODDD RAAANNNNNDDDHHIIIIIR' she shouted hysterically and fell back gasping. I was also ready to cum and with a loud grunt of satisfaction I shot my load in her cum thirsty choot for the second time. 

For ten minutes we lay kissing each other enjoying the after glow of the glorious fuck we just had. Then as I lit a cigarette Meera said, 'Thank you Randhir I have not enjoyed a fuck so much in a long time'. 

'Doesn't your husband fuck you? I asked. 

'My husband is getting old. Most of the time he is too tired to make love to me but when in couple of weeks he does, he comes too quickly leaving me in limbo'. 

After twenty minutes or so I was hard again and started to get on top of her. 'What! You are hard again so soon' she smiled spreading her legs. 

When I entered her she said, 'God Randhir you are a randy man' then laughing she added, 'Randhir is randy. This is a good one. From now on I will call you Randy. You don't mind, do you?' 

'You can call me whatever you like as long as you let me fuck you' I said and commenced to fuck her. 

When we had finished she got up to leave. 'Meera don't go yet. Soon we will fuck again' I pleaded. 

'No Randy I must go now. It is getting late. My family will be waiting. I will come again my love' she said. 

After Meera left I thought, 'Father was right. Hard work has its reward. Because of my hard work I have been promoted with a big raise, a lovely apartment and have got a choot to fuck'. I resolved to continue to work hard. 

Next day at lunch I did not see Abida. 'Where is Abida?' I asked. 

'I bet she is with Mr. Swami finishing an important assignment' Neha giggled. 

Meera grinned broadly and suggested, 'Let us start our lunch. She won't be long. She can join us later'. 

'Randhir did you like the room Meera showed you yesterday?' Neha asked. 

'Oh Neha I am very thankful to Meera. The room is really excellent' I replied. 

'Randy I have brought some special Kheer (milk pudding) for you'. 

'Randy? Since when have you started calling Randhir Randy? Neha asked looking suspiciously at me. I shrugged without replying. Getting no reply from me Neha turned to Meera.

'From now. Now start eating' She replied getting irritated. 

At this point Abida joined us, 'I am sorry. I am late but Mr. Swami asked me to help him finish an important assignment' she said, 'oh I see kheer. Who has brought it? I love kheer'. 

'It is for Randy and not for you or me' Neha replied sarcastically. 

'Randy? Now who is this Randy' Abida asked. 

'Meera calls Randhir Randy' Neha clarified pointing towards me. 

'Why not? Randy is a short form of Randhir. I like it. May I also call you Randy?' Abida inquired. 

'Why not? Be my guest' I replied. 

During lunch Neha was very quiet. I noticed that she was preoccupied with her thoughts and in between she would glance suspiciously at Meera. The name Randy stuck to me like a leach. Soon everyone in the company was calling me Randy including the MD and Mr. Swami. 

Meera came to my apartment twice a week. We fucked like hell and enjoyed ourselves. She stocked my kitchenette with the basic essentials and gave me cooking lessons. I even bought a cookery book. I wrote and requested my mother to send me recipes of the dishes I used to enjoy at home. 
