 To refresh your memory here are the last lines of part 2:

Few minutes later we heard her calling, 'Randy can you come in here for a minute'. 

When I entered the kitchen I saw her swaying slightly. 'Tell me Randy what is going on? What did you mix in the coke?' she asked looking at me with drooping eyes. 

'You are imagining things. How could I mix something in the coke? You saw me open a fresh bottle in front of your own eyes?' I replied innocently. 

'I know something is going on. I can feel it in my bones. Randy, place your hand on my head and swear that nothing is going on' she insisted. 

It was time to tell Arti the truth I thought. 'Relax. There is no need to be so melodramatic' I said picking up enough courage, 'I will tell you everything. You remember I went to attend a company meeting last Sunday...... 

Now for the third part:

* * *

'Randy mujhe chukker aa rahe hain (God Randy I am feeling dizzy)' Arti said interrupting me, 'I am sure there was more than just coke in the glass' and leaned on the kitchen table to steady herself. 

'Well, I promised to tell you everything then I might as well tell you that the coke was spiked with whisky' I said. I did not mention the aphrodisiac, as it was not necessary. 

'But how? I saw you open a fresh bottle in front of my own eyes' Arti asked incredulously. 

'The whisky was mixed while it was bottled' I replied, 'Swami told me that a friend of the MD, who owns a bottling plant, bottles it specially for him'. 

'Bastard. The filthy bastard' Arti said, 'what were you saying before I interrupted you'. 

'As I was saying, you know that on Sunday I went to attend a company meeting. On reaching the venue I found out that there was no meeting. The MD and Swami wanted to talk to me alone. First they plied me with drinks and then waved a letter, sanctioning me a considerable raise, under my nose. The raise was so large that I had visions of living in luxury for the rest of our lives'. 

'Randy do you want this raise?' they asked. 

'Of course I want it' I told them. 

'You will have to earn it' they said. 

'I was so keen to get the raise that I promised to do anything they desired'. Now they came out with the real purpose of the so-called meeting. 

The MD said, 'Randy your wife Arti is so beautiful. I can't get her out of my mind. I want to enjoy her sexy body and your job is to convince her to cooperate. If you can do that, then this raise is yours' 

'And like a stupid idiot you agreed?' Arti said in a sad tone. 

'Of course not. I refused and protested strongly at their unwarranted behavior' I lied smoothly. 

'Phir kya hua? (What happened then?)' Arti inquired. 

'When they saw that I was not going to agree they changed the subject and forced me to drink more. Later to sweeten the deal they dangled a rent-free, fully furnished company flat on Harrison Road in front of my eyes. Imagine Arti us living on Harrison Road, the most posh area of the city' I said enthusiastically. 

'This offer bowled you over and you agreed to hand your legally wedded wife to them for their pleasure' Arti said with tears in her eyes. 

'No Arti, do you think that I am like that. You seem to have very little faith in your husband. No sir, I remained adamant and told him to stuff the carrots he was dangling in front of me up their ass and forget about fucking you. But they were not finished yet' I said. 

'Now what more did they bribe you with' Arti said wiping away her tears. 

I saw Arti rubbing her choot vigorously. 'What is the matter with you?' I asked. I knew that the aphrodisiac was taking effect. 

'I don't know. My choot is itching like hell. It has never itched like this before' Arti replied distressed. 

Suppressing a smile I said, 'Maybe it is the effect of the alcohol in the coke. You had it for the first time. Don't worry it will pass'. 

'Yes I suppose so' Arti said still scratching her cunt, 'what were you saying? Sorry I interrupted you again?'

'They then threatened me with prison' I lied, 'they said that if I don't do as they say then they will have me arrested for embezzling company's money and send me to jail'. 

'I am sure they were bluffing' Arti replied scornfully. 

'No, no it was not a bluff. I had heard a story earlier that they did the same thing to a female employee, who did not let them have their will with her. The poor thing is still in jail' I explained. 

There was no need to tell her about their blackmailing me with the compromising photographs I thought. 

'Phir tum maan gaye aur unhain mujhe chodene ke liye yahan bula liya (Then you agreed and invited them here to fuck me)' Arti said getting annoyed. 

'Yes Arti I agreed. What should I have done? I didn't want to go to jail. Arti please cooperate. Otherwise they will send me to jail' I begged. 

'No I will not do it. I am your wife, not a whore?' Arti replied getting angry. 

This was not working so I decided to change tactics. 'Yes, you have to do it. As you said you are my wife and as my wife you must obey me. Remember your marriage vows' I said sternly. 

'Don't remind me of my marriage vows you weakling. Remember your own vows for a change. You promised to protect me from all evil and here you are throwing me to these dogs to satisfy their lust for my body' she said looking at me with lewd eyes. 

'God instead of subsiding it is getting worse' she said raising her sari and scratching her cunt through her panties. 

Her face was flushed and she was breathing harder. I had never seen her like this ever before. She was getting horny. 'Ah the aphrodisiac has taken over' I thought smiling to myself. 

'If this is your final answer then be prepared to explain to the world that you were responsible for sending me to jail. Okay I will go in, tell them, and take my medicine like a man' I said but made no effort to do so, as I wanted the aphrodisiac to take a firmer grip on her. 

'Wait. This reminds me of another of my marriage vows. I had also promised that I will not do or say anything that might harm my husband' she said with open lust in her eyes, 'I will do it. You want me to be a whore? Then I will be a whore. I will give these two bastards the time of their lives. But Randy remember one thing, I will never forget what you are forcing me to do' undoing the top buttons of her blouse. 

'What can she do? It is nothing but an empty threat. She will soon get over it' I said to myself. Grinning I said aloud, 'I will go in and tell them that you are ready to cooperate'. 

'No you won't. I will tell them myself. Now go. I will join you in five minutes' she said and pushed me out of the kitchen. 

Happy at my success in persuading her I entered the room and grinning broadly gave them the thumbs up sign. They heaved a sigh of relief and pressed their cocks happily. Swami wanted to say something but I quickly motioned him to remain silent. They were getting impatient. Squeezing his hard on the MD pointed to his watch and with a gesture inquired how long, silently mouthing the words "when will she come". I replied by raising my hand and mouthed back "five minutes". 

The time seemed to stand still. These five minutes were like five years. Precisely five minutes later Arti entered. Her long hair was no longer done up in a bun but was open and her eyes were red. Apparently she had been crying. For a moment she swayed but then collecting herself she walked to her chair with measured steps. 

As she sat down, she let her pallu slide to the floor. Both the MD and Swami literally jumped out of their seats and tried to peek into her partly open blouse. Ignoring them, Arti filled her glass with coke and in one long draught emptied it. 

Then looking them in the eye said, 'Achcha aaj tum dono haraami mujhe chodene ke liye aaye ho. Main tayyar hoon. Ab der kiss baat ki? Shuru ho jao (So today you bastards have come here to fuck me. I am ready. What is the delay? Get started)'.

Shocked at her brazenness both my bosses gasped in amazement. I was also taken by surprise. I did not expect her to be so direct. This promised to be real good and I settled down more comfortably to enjoy it. The MD jumped up from his seat and pulling Arti to her feet embraced her tightly. While kissing her face wildly he pressed her ass against his hard on with both his hands. They swayed in rhythm of the music as I turned up the volume.

At first Arti tried to avoid MD's kisses but a few minutes later she grabbed MD's head and pulled his lips down on hers. For a long time they kissed passionately. Initially I felt pangs of jealousy but I drove the thoughts out of my mind thinking of all I was getting in exchange for her choot. 

'God I can't wait' Swami said loudly and caught Arti's boobs from the rear and rubbing his hardness in between the divide of her ass, kissed the exposed portion of her neck and back. Moaning loudly all three moved in step to the music with Arti's pallu trailing after them on the floor. 

As they came near me I pushed my fingers in the waistband of Arti's petticoat and locating the knot of the string tying her petticoat pulled it open. Her sari along with the petticoat fell to the floor. In the meanwhile the experienced Swami, while kneading Arti's boobs, had undone the buttons of her blouse and pushed up the bra exposing her shapely tits. 

Both the men were highly excited. They dropped their trousers and stepped out of their drawers. MD's cock was big but not as large as Swami's. I noted with satisfaction that Swami's cock was smaller than my lund. I quickly hooked my fingers in the waistband of her panties and in one swift movement pulling it down, helped her to step out of it. 

While still squeezing her tits Swami tried to push his cock in between her ass cheeks and the MD rubbed his lund between the lips of Arti's choot. 

'Oh my god it feels so good' Arti moaned and hugged the MD closer to her. Arti took their erect cocks in her hands and moved the foreskin up and down driving her tormentors crazy. 

'Oh Swami I can't wait any longer. I must fuck her now' the MD moaned

Between both of them they literally carried a willing Arti to the bed. Laying her down the MD attacked her boobs with his mouth. After kissing and sucking them for a while he moved down to her choot. 'Oh Swami how beautiful her hairless choot looks' he cried and commenced to lick it. 

'Sir what are you doing? I have never licked a woman's choot' Swami said surprised.

'You don't know what you are missing' MD replied and licked harder. 

Seeing her boobs unoccupied Swami latched on to them. Arti placing her hands on their heads pressed them to her aroused body. 'Yes suck my tits and eat my pussy' Arti said bucking her bottoms. 

'Oh my god it feels lovely. LICK FASTER' she screamed, 'OH NOW PUSH YOUR TONGUE INSIDE MY CHOOT. AAGGHHRR Y..HES LIKE THIS. OH DEEPER. NOW MOVE YOUR TONGUE FASTER YOU BASTARD. Y..HES LIKE THIS OH! OH! I AM THERE. OHHHH YEEESSSSS' she came with a sigh and lay back like a deflated tyre. 

After a few minutes, Arti grabbing Swami by his hair pulled his head away from her tits and with the other hand pulled MD on top of her by his hair saying, 'Ab mujhe chodo (Now fuck me)'. 

Separating her legs the MD shoved his aching erection into her dripping choot. The MD paused, most probably to savour the ecstasy of finally achieving his hearts desire of penetrating Arti's choot. 

'Oh Swami her choot is fabulous. It is still quite tight' the MD moaned loudly. 

'WHAT THE HELL IS THE MATTER WITH YOU? HAVE YOU FALLEN ASLEEP' Arti shouted bucking her bottoms from beneath, 'KYA AB TERI MA AAKER TUJHE BATAYEGI KYA KARNA HAI? MATERCHOD LUND GUSSERDA HAI TAU CHODO BHI (IS YOUR MOTHER GOING TO COME AND TELL YOU WHAT TO DO? YOU HAVE SHOVED YOUR COCK INSIDE ME THEN FUCK ME ALSO YOU MOTHER FUCKER'. 

Hearing Arti the MD started to fuck her. I was enjoying myself. I had never seen this side of Arti before. It was very exciting. 

'YES THIS IS THE WAY. FUCK ME HARDER AND FASTER' Arti moaned. 

Watching them fuck Swami could not control himself and tried to push his lund into Arti's mouth. Arti pushed his cock away and said, 'Be patient your turn will also come. Let me first deal with this cock'. 

Poor Swami, he was so excited that he did not hear her and tried to insert his lund in Arti's mouth again. Arti caught hold of his lund and said menacingly, 'Can't you understand plain English you bastard? If you don't stop then, I will bite off your bloody laurda and have it for breakfast'. Swami got scared and playing with his cock watched his boss fucking Arti. I also found Arti's behavior very exciting. I released my cock from its confinement and started to play with it. 

Grunting and moaning loudly the MD moved his cock in and out of Arti's cunt. 

'OH Y..HES. OH Y..HES. FASTER AND HARDER' Arti screamed. 

MD's cock was now moving like the piston of a steam locomotive. Arti was in throes of pleasure. Her bottoms were going up and down in rhythm of MD's strokes. 

'GOD IT IS GREAT. FUCK ME HARDER. Y..HES DON'T STOP. KEEP FUCKING' Arti yelled in ecstasy. 

MD had reached the short strokes. 

'OH! OH I AM NEARLY THERE. DON'T STOP. OH SHIT YOU HAVE CUM YOU BASTARD' Arti screamed. 

With a loud grunt the MD had cum but continued to move his cock in and out as best as he could. 

'KEEP MOVING YOUR COCK INSIDE ME YOU BLOODY BASTARD. IF YOU STOP I WILL KILL YOU. OH YES JUST A FEW MORE STROKES. Y..HES OH! OH SHIT I AM COMMMMMIIINNNNGGG' she shouted in ecstasy and lay gasping for breath. 

Pulling MD's head she kissed him passionately. I watched MD's flaccid cock slip out of Arti's choot bringing with it a big lump of cum which collected on the bed sheet. Arti broke the kiss and pushed the MD off her. For some minutes both lay gasping for breath. 

Recovering slightly the MD panted, 'Swami I tell you fuck her cunt. It is a clipper I tell you'. 

'I will sir, I will but first I want her ass hole. I have been fascinated by her ass since the first day' Swami replied and turning to Arti added, 'bitch it is my turn now. Turn over I will take you in your gaand'. 

I was surprised to see that without any protest Arti turned over. Pulling Arti on her knee Swami started to insert his lund in her butt hole. 'OOOWWWAAA' Arti shouted in pain, 'do you want to kill me you bastard, apply some lubrication first'. 

Swami spat on her gaand and then with one hard stroke pushed his cock up to the hilt in her ass hole. 'AAAYYYIIIIEEEE THAT HURT' Arti screamed with pain, 'YOU BASTARD, YOU BLOODY BASTARD'. 

Swami also paused. 'Sir I recommend that next time you should fuck her ass hole. It is much tighter than I had expected. Apparently Randy does not use it often enough' Swami said to the MD. 

'STOP IT YOU BASTARD. YOU ARE NOT IN A COMPANY MEETING. DARD DIYA HAI TAU MAZAA BHI TAU DE (YOU HAVE GIVEN ME PAIN NOW GIVE ME PLEASURE ALSO)' Arti shouted pushing her bum back, 'DAMMIT START FUCKING MY ASS HOLE YOU FILTHY PIG)'. 

Enraged by Arti's abuses Swami started to ram his cock in her ass hole shouting, 'Here take this you bitch. Call me a bastard? I will fuck your ass hole out of shape. Here take some more etc.'. 

After five minutes of hard butt fucking Arti shouted, 'Oh it feels sooo nice. RUB MY CHOOT. OH! RUB MY CHOOT'. 

Her wanton screams of lust made me so hot and I started to stroke my cock faster and faster. 

Swami was too engrossed in pushing his lund in her butt and did not hear her. 

'I SAID RUB MY CHOOT YOU FILTHY SON OF A BITCH' she shouted frantically. 

Swami was on short strokes and grunting loudly shouted, 'OH IT IS GREAT. OH I AM ABOUT TO CUM'. 

My hand was moving hard and fast now. I was also about to cum. 

Swami slowed down and from his jerking bottoms it was evident that he was injecting his cum into Arti's butt hole. 

As Swami did not rub her choot, Arti pushed her hand under her body and commenced to rub her own cunt vigorously. 'GOD IT IS HEAVENLY. DON'T STOP. KEEP MOVING. Y..HES JUST A LITTLE LONGER. Y..HES, Y..HES OH OH YYYEESSS' she yelled in ecstasy and fell flat on the bed gasping for breath, dislodging Swami's semi-stiff cock, still spewing jets of cum, from her ass hole. 

At this moment with a loud shout, 'GOD I AMMM COMMMMIIINNNGG' I shot my load. The first two spurts fell on the bed three feet away from where I was sitting and the rest formed large pools on the carpet at regular distance. 

As Swami rolled off he muttered, 'Sir what an ass. God what an ass'. 

MD was hard again. As soon as Swami vacated Arti's rear entrance he pushed his cock in. 'OOWW' Arti yelled 'go on you bastard. Fuck me in the rear'.

For the next two hours or so both MD and Swami kept fucking Arti by turns with only short rests in between. 

'Oh what is the matter with you two' Arti said pumping their flaccid cocks with her hands, 'come on make your lunds hard. I am not finished yet. I want more'. 

'Oh Arti I don't think I can get hard again' MD lamented. 

'What! Let me see what I can do about it' Arti said and started to suck his cock. After five minutes of hard sucking MD's cock was stiff again. 

'Come now fuck me' Arti said inviting MD spreading her legs wide. MD started to fuck her. She kept pumping Swami's cock with her hand while MD fucked her. Soon Arti and MD came amid loud sighs of pleasure. 

Swami was hard again. 'Swami put that nice big cock of yours inside me' Arti requested sweetly. 

Swami got on top of her and commenced to fuck her. 

'Oh Swami you fuck so well' Arti moaned. 

Encouraged Swami rammed his cock inside her cunt. 

'Oh fuck me harder. Y...hes faster. Like this. It feels sooo great. It is lovely' Arti moaned loudly. 

Suddenly she yelled, 'HEY! WHAT IS WITH YOU? DON'T YOU DARE GO SOFT ON ME NOW. KEEP SHOVING YOU BASTARD'. 

But poor Mr. Swami, he was done. I saw his limp cock slipping out of her cunt. 

'OH YOU NO GOOD BASTARD. YOU CAN'T LEAVE ME IN THE MIDDLE LIKE THIS' Arti shouted, 'OH LICK MY CUNT. YES EAT MY PUSSY YOU BLOODY SON OF A BITCH'. 

Compelled by Arti's urgency and stung by her abuses Swami started to lick her cunt. 'OH IT FEELS GREAT. I AM IN HEAVEN' Arti moaned. Swami licked harder. 

'LOVE, NOW PUSH YOUR TONGUE INSIDE MY CHOOT. AAAGGGHHHRR Y...HES LIKE THIS. OH Y..HES, OH Y..HESSSSSSS' Arti yelled in ecstasy and came. 

Still gasping for breath Arti said, 'Now which one of you two is going to fuck me next?' 

'Sorry Arti I can't do it any more. I am exhausted' MD replied. 

'Me too. I can't get hard again' Swami echoed. 

'If you filthy bastards can't fuck anymore then go home?' Arti said pushing them off the bed, 'don't forget to pay for your pleasures on your way out'. 

Boy this was some session. I saw a new side of Arti. She was so hot that I had masturbated thrice during the evening. 

When my bosses were ready to leave the MD gave me the key to the Harrison Road flat saying, 'Randy, Arti was fantastic. I have never had so much fun before. Her abusive language really turned me on'. 

I noticed that Arti was still lying on the bed with her legs apart but watching attentively everything that transpired. 

'Yes Randy she is the greatest. The best ass I have fucked in a long time' Swami said pushing the envelope into my hands added, 'here boy you have truly earned it'. 

'Yes she was truly unique' MD laughed, 'she even made Swami lick a choot for the first time'. 

Swami said sheepishly, 'Sir we must be going. It is getting late'. 

'Sir I will see you off' I said accompanying them. Outside I asked, 'Sir I hope Arti will be all right'. 

MD laughed, 'Of course my boy she will get over it in a couple of days. They all do' handing me the envelope containing the compromising photos and after hiding them in the motorbike's dickey, I returned to the apartment. . 

There was no sign of Arti but then I heard the shower running. I congratulated myself on the resounding success of the evening and sat down to wait for her to come out. After half an hour she emerged from the bathroom dressed in her nightgown. 
