 Part 3 ended with these words:

Next morning I went to work as usual. At around four in the afternoon Arti called me and said in an agitated voice, 'Randy, come home quickly. Ritu and Nitu are .....'. 

Worried I asked, 'What has happened to them? Where are they?' 

'Please come immediately' Arti repeated. 

'Arti! Arti tell me...' but Arti had disconnected the line. Leaving my work I rushed home. 

As I entered the apartment I asked, 'Where are they? What has happened?'

With a satanic smile Arti pointed towards the partly open door of their bedroom. Through the half open door I heard loud sounds of grunts and moans. 

'What is happening?' I asked bewildered. 

'What is happening?' Arti said grinning, 'chudai ho rahi hai, aur kya (fucking is going on, what else)'. 

'W..W..Who....' I stuttered. 

'The MD and Mr. Swami who else' Arti replied evenly.

Now for part 4:

I was horrified. The MD and Mr. Swami were fucking my darling sisters. I could not believe it. 'How dare they fuck my sisters?' I roared in anger and strode towards the open door yelling, 'I am going to put a stop to it'.

'I wouldn't do that if I were you' Arti cautioned. 

'What do you mean? Tum chahati ho ki woh meri pyaari behenon ko chodete rahain aur main chup chaap dekhta rahoon (You want that I should watch them fucking my beloved sisters and do nothing)' I roared. 

'That would not be something new for you, you watched your beloved wife being fucked by those animals and did nothing about it' she replied taunting me, 'but this not what I had in mind'.

Still angry I said, 'Phir tumhara kya matlab tha? (Then what did you have in mind?)' 

'Just think coolly what will happen to you if you were to interrupt MD in the middle of his pleasure. He will surely sack you and you will not only lose your job but also this beautiful flat on Harrison Road, for which you had sacrificed your wife's choot' Arti replied with a smile. 

She was right. It was a known fact that the MD could be very vindictive if he wanted to. 'Then what shall I do? I can't just sit here and twiddle my thumbs' I cried in desperation. 

'What can you do? Their cocks are already in the cunt of your sisters. This is a reality and can't be undone. I suggest that you wait till they finish' Arti advised. 

'God this all is so terrible' I said throwing up my hands in the air. 

Just then I heard Ritu shouting in ecstasy, 'YES PUSH HARDER. GOD IT FEELS SO GOOD. DON"T STOP I AM NEARLY THERE. Y..HES, Y...HES OOHH I AM COMMMINNNNGGG' followed by a loud 'AAAHHH' from the MD. 

Covering my ears with my hands I said, 'Arti I can't bear it' and sat down on the sofa with tears running down my cheeks. Barely few seconds after Ritu's scream of ecstasy Nitu yelled, 'AUR ZOR SE CHODO (FUCK ME HARDER). YES FASTER. MAKE ME CUM. Y...HES LIKE THIS. OH MORE, OH MORE. FASTER OHHHHH I AM COMMMIIIINNNNGGGGG'. 

'OH GOD WHAT A TIGHT CHOOT YOU HAVE. HERE DRINK MY CUM. AAAHHH' I heard Swami shout followed by a loud sigh of satisfaction. 

I sat motionless ruing the day I had taken up my job here. I cursed my father for forcing me to come here. In general I cursed everyone I could think off including my mother for giving birth to me. 

'Randy suno MD ab Ritu ki gaand maarna chahata hai (Randy listen the MD wants to fuck Ritu in her ass hole)' Arti giggled. 

'Ritu get on your knees' I heard the MD say sternly, 'now I will fuck you in your ass hole'. 

'No I won't let you. It will hurt very much' Ritu replied. 

'You have to' MD said, 'I will do it gently and if it hurts too much I will stop'. 

'Promise' Ritu asked. 

'Cross my heart' the MD replied. 

'Oh please stop, it is hurting me' Ritu groaned. 

'Just a few seconds more. My lund is entering your gaand' MD said soothingly. 

'NOOOO STOP GOD AAAYYYYYIIIEEEE' Ritu screamed with pain. 

'OH RITU I AM INSIDE YOUR GAAND' the MD said loudly. 

'Randy, Ritu's ass hole cherry is a thing of the past' Arti laughed. 

'Now it is your turn to be fucked in the ass' I heard Swami say to Nitu, 'turn over on your belly'. 

'NO WAY. I WILL NOT LET YOU PUT YOUR BIG LUND IN MY GAAND. BHABI BACHAO (BHABI HELP). BHABI PLEASE HELP SAVE MY GAAND' Nitu yelled. 

'Shout as much as you like but your dear bhabi will not come to your rescue. She has collected full payment for your ass hole cherry and I am going to enjoy taking it with or without your consent. If you take my advice then cooperate. It will hurt much less' Swami said with finality. 

'What! Arti has taken payment from them to fuck my sisters' I thought and then it suddenly hit me, god Arti is behind all that is happening'. 

'All right, but promise me that you will be gentle and stop when I ask you to' Nitu asked. 

'Of course' Swami confirmed a little too quickly. 

'Stupid girl. She should know better than to trust Swami where the ass hole is concerned. She is young, she will learn' Arti said to no one in particular. 

'Randy listen Nitu's butt cherry is also about to go. GOING, GOING.....' Arti said to me gleefully. 

'AAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYIIIIIIIEEEEEEEE YOU BLOODY FUCKING BASTARD' Nitu screamed at the top of her voice as Swami rammed his cock in her rear door with one mighty stroke.

'...... GOOONNNNEEE' Arti shouted like an auctioneer. 

Nitu's horrendous scream of pain numbed me all over and I sat motionless staring blankly at the wall. How long I sat like this I don't remember. 

The next thing I recollect was that the MD and Swami were approaching me with open arms. 'Randy my boy you are great. You asked Arti to bring your sisters all the way from your home just to give us pleasure' MD said hugging me. I tried to say something but the words stuck in my throat. 

'Don't say a word my boy. Arti has already explained everything to us. It is a pity that they were not virgins and we could only take their ass hole cherry, nevertheless their cunts were very tight. We had a great time. Randy, I think you deserve a reward for your unselfish and thoughtful gesture. Swami what do you say' MD said. As usual Swami agreed with his boss and they left. 

Now everything was clear to me. Arti was behind all this. But how did she get my sisters to cooperate? MD said that they were not virgins. Only yesterday Ritu and Nitu had told me that they were not 'those type of girls' and had no boy friends. Then how did they lose their cherry? Many such questions poured into my mind. My thoughts were interrupted by the appearance of Ritu and Nitu. 

They walked into the room naked with cum running down their inner thighs. Grinning happily they asked, 'Bhabi how did we do?' 

'You both were just great. Fabulous is the right word' Arti replied, 'Nitu come here and let me look at your gaand. Remember you can't trust Swami when it comes to butt fucking'. 

Ritu bent over and Arti peered at her ravished puckered hole. 'Thank heavens no real damage done. Your gaand will be sore for a few hours but a bit of salve will make it as good as new in no time' Arti giggled happily. 

'With so much of their soothing salve inside my backside I don't think I will require any external application of it' Nitu smiled, 'bhaiya did you enjoy our performance?' 

God they looked beautiful. Their firm tits with taut pointed nipples and their freshly shaven cunt, I bet they had shaved the pubic hair on Arti's advice, with the swollen clit peering out was a treat to watch. I am ashamed to say that on seeing my own sisters naked I got a massive hard on. 

'Shut up' I shouted, 'go cover yourself'. 

'Look at that big bulge' Arti laughed pointing towards my crotch, 'cover yourself before your bhaiya loses control on himself and fucks you too'. 

'Oh I don't mind' Ritu said, 'come big brother give us your big laurda. Bhabi says that in all the lunds she has fucked yours is the biggest and the most satisfying'. 

'Haan bhaiya hum dono ko chodo. Hum tayyar hain (Yes bhaiya fuck both of us. We are ready)' Nitu invited. 

'I SAID GO AND COVER YOURSELF BEFORE I REALLY LOSE MY TEMPER AND GIVE YOU THE BEATING OF YOUR LIFE' I screamed at them. This scared them and post haste they retreated into their room. 

Few minutes later they returned after hastily tying the saris I had chosen for them loosely around them. 'There is no use denying it Arti, I know that you are behind all that has happened today' I said sadly. 

'Who is denying it? Not me I am proud that I planned and carried out everything on my own' Arti replied. 

'But Arti why? It was our quarrel. There was no need to involve my sisters in it' I asked. 

'No Randy it was very necessary. I wanted to hurt you as you had hurt me. You loved your sisters a lot and my revenge could not have been complete without what happened today' Arti explained. 

'O Arti, o Arti why....?' I lamented. 

'Bhabi shall I tell him or you will' Ritu asked Arti. 

'No Ritu let me have the pleasure of telling him' Arti said, 'all of you sit down as it is going to take a while'. 

ARTI' S STORY

(As narrated by her in her own words)

My story starts on that fateful night when you sold my body to your bosses for your greed and false pride. 

That night I could not sleep. Questions like, 'What shall I do now?' kept me awake. I thought of committing suicide. No this was the coward's way out and I am not a coward. Next thought was that I should leave you. No this would be playing into your hands. You will lie to your and my parents and paint me as a woman of loose character. You will marry again and maybe treat your new bride just as badly as you treated me. 

Then suddenly I knew what I wanted. I wanted revenge. I wanted to humiliate and hurt you in the same way you had hurt and humiliated me. At that moment I had no clue as to how I will do it but I had faith in God. I was confident that He would show me the way. In order to accomplish my goal I decided to act normally and become the whore you wanted me to be. 

'B..B..But Arti it was supposed to be a one-time deal. I never wanted you to become a whore' Randy said interrupting. 

'Nevertheless I became one. I had no choice. Randy either you are very na‹ve or just plain stupid' Arti replied, 'I knew that once these animals have had me, they would want to have me again and again. Neither you nor I would be able to refuse. I was right. Do you for a moment think that the MD made you a member of The Country Club because of you? No it was because of me. When the MD asked you to send me to the club alone, I knew what he wanted but here the MD surprised me. He did not want me for himself but he showed me off to his friends. 

That evening he said to me, 'Arti you are young and beautiful and many of my friends want you. Cooperate and you will be a rich woman in no time'. I agreed. Few more cocks will make no big difference. Rest you know. 

Then one morning I received a letter from Ritu and Nitu. I now knew what I had to do. You loved your sisters very much. Making them whores like me would hurt you the most. I knew it was possible and started to make plans. 

'How could you be certain that you will be able to persuade Ritu and Nitu to play the role you wanted them to' Randy asked.

Arti laughed, 'There is nothing certain in life except death but I had a good idea that I will succeed'. 

'Why did you think that?' Randy asked.

To answer this I will have to go back to the morning after our wedding night. You will remember that I was blushing when I brought tea for you. You even asked me about it. At that time I told you that it was nothing but the real reason was that when I was making tea for you Ritu and Nitu cornered me in the kitchen. 

Ritu asked me, 'Kyon bhabi aapko humaare bhaiya ka laurda kaissa laga? (Bhabi how did you like our brother's cock?)' 

I blushed but did not reply. 

Then Nitu said, 'Bhabi bhaiya ne aapko raat ko sone bhi diya ya aapko sari raat chodete hee rahe? (Bhabi did bhaiya let you sleep at all or he fucked you all night?)' After reprimanding them for using such vulgar language, I came away. 

In the following days whenever we three were alone, which was quite often, they pestered me with questions like how does fucking feel, is it really very pleasurable, how big is a lund, does the first time hurt very much etc. One day jokingly I said, 'Lagta hai tum dono ko chudwane ka bahut dil karta hai (It seems that you both are very keen to be fucked)'. 

To my surprise Ritu replied, 'Haan bhabi bahut. Agar humain bachche ka dar na hota tau hum apne ko kabhi ka chudwa lete (Yes bhabi very much. We would have lost our virginity years ago if we were not scared of the consequences)'. 

'Yes bhabi. That is the reason you are seeing two sex starved virgins in front of you today' Nitu sighed. 

'Don't you think it would be a better idea to wait till you are married' I advised.

They both just laughed. 

This answers your question I hope. To make them agree all I had to do was to give them a slight push in the right direction to overcome their basic maidenly inhibitions and a risk free opportunity. I planned to have them deflowered by my brothers Ashu and Amit. Yes I know you will want to know why. Randy you, their brother had taken my virginity and I thought it would be quite befitting if my brothers deflowered your sisters, a sort of tit for tat arrangement. What do you think? 

'But Arti we were married when I took your cherry' Randy wailed. 

'Just a mere detail, my dear Randy, just a very minor detail. I chose to ignore it, like you did, when you threw me in bed with your depraved bosses' Arti replied. 

The timing had to be right, therefore I bided my time. When I knew that both your sisters and my brothers will be having long vacations and you will be too busy to accompany me, I suggested visiting your parents. 

Everything worked like a charm. Just as I had thought you agreed and told me to go alone, as you were too busy. To make sure that nothing went wrong, as added insurance, I took four bottles of MD's special coke with me. 

When I reached home predictably your sisters talked to me about sex only. I kept telling them stories, true and false, about how we made love just to keep their choots wet and tingling. I even planted the idea of their visiting us in their heads. 

One evening they gathered enough courage and asked their father if they could visit us for the duration of the vacations. 

'Bahu (daughter in law) is not returning to her home directly. She plans to visit her parents on the way' he told them, 'I don't want to inconvenience her parents in any way'. 

'It will be pleasure' I replied, 'my parents will love to have them. Please permit them come with me. It will also make Randhir very happy'. Then without much ado he gave his consent. 

My brothers' Ashish, everyone calls him Ashu, and Amit picked us up from the railway station. I noticed that they were eyeing your sisters. When we reached home my parents, with their luggage packed, were about to leave. 'Sorry Arti we have to go to attend your cousin Rakhsha's wedding. I am the eldest in the family and it is my duty to be present at the wedding' my father said, 'but we are leaving Ashu and Amit behind to look after you all in our absence. We will be back the day after tomorrow'. 

Their absence suited my purpose admirably. 'Don't feel bad. Go ahead and do your duty' I replied, 'I am here for the whole week. We can spend time together on your return'. 

After we rested for an hour I said, 'Come on let us go sight seeing'. 

'Didi it is already eleven it would be better if we go after lunch' Ashu suggested. 

'No let us go now there is lots to see and the girls don't have so much time' I insisted, 'we can always grab a bite somewhere on the way'. 

It was a typical summer day, very hot and sultry. I pushed them to see as much as possible. We returned home only around seven in the evening. 

'Oh bhabi may I have something cold to drink, I am dying of thirst' Ritu said. 

'Yes please for me too' Nitu echoed, 'maybe a coke with lots of ice'. 

I did not want them to quench their thirst till I could safely give them the special coke to drink. To divert their attention I suggested, 'Hey girls why don't we five have a small party tonight? With music and dancing. What do you say?' 

The thirst was forgotten. Ritu said enthusiastically, 'Great idea bhabi'. 

'Bhabi what shall I wear? Will salwar kammez be okay?' Nitu asked.

'Don't be silly wear the saris your bhaiya chose for you. I am sure that you both will look stunningly beautiful in them. Remember to make yourself real pretty. You do want Ashu and Amit to like you don't you?' I replied with a naughty smile. 

They both blushed. Nitu giggled, 'Yes, they are nice. I find Amit very cute'. 

'I think Ashu is manlier of the two' Ritu commented. My problem had solved itself. I now knew which of my two brothers should deflower which sister. 

'All right you both get ready and in the meanwhile I will go and tell Ashu and Amit to join us here in an hour' I said. 

'Randy to make them wear the saris you chose for them on the occasion of their first fuck was a nice touch from me. Don't you think so too?' Arti asked laughing. 

Randy winced but remained silent. 

My brothers were relaxing and watching TV. 'Ashu switch off this infernal machine' I said, 'I want to talk to you'. 

'AW didi (elder sister) the movie is poised at a very interesting juncture. The heroine is about to be raped by the villain' Amit complained. 

'Shut up! What I have come to tell you is even more interesting than a make belief rape of a stupid heroine' I said then going straight to the point added, 'Ashu kya tu ab bhi Lajjo ko chod raha hai? (Ashu are you still fucking Lajjo?)' Randy for your information Lajjo was our part time maid. 

They were shocked to hear me use such obscene language. 'Didi I am shocked. Since when have you started using such vulgar language?' Ashu replied blushing. 

'Forget my language. I will shock you further and answer my question' I said tersely.

'Yes but who told you that I am fucking Lajjo' he asked. 

'Nobody told me you stupid boy' I laughed, 'I have known about it since over two years. Where is Lajjo? I haven't seen her around'. 

'She is on leave. She has gone to her village but is expected back in ten days time' Amit replied pressing his cock. 

'Amit ab tu bata tunne pahele kissi ko choda hai (Amit now you tell me have ever fucked anyone before)' I asked Amit. 

Amit blushed but remained silent. Ashu laughed, 'I will tell you. Six months ago on Amit's eighteenth birthday like a bloody idiot I persuaded Lajjo to let Amit fuck her'. 

'Why like an idiot I think it was a nice brotherly gesture' I observed. 

'Amit's cock is larger than mine and now that stupid cunt, Lajjo prefers to fuck him to me' Ashu said sadly. 

'Kya woh tujhe ab chodene nahin deti hai kya? (What! She doesn't let you fuck her any more?)' I asked. 

'Haan chodene tau deti hai (Yes, she lets me fuck her)' Ashu grinned. 

'Okay! So where is the problem? Listen my dear brothers this is not what I came to talk to you about' I said coming to business at hand, 'batao tum Ritu aur Nitu ko chodena chahoge? Dono ki choot bilkul kori hai. Unki sahkt choot chodene main tumhain bahut hee mazaa aayega (tell me would you like to fuck Ritu and Nitu. They are both virgins. You will enjoy fucking their tight cunts)'. 

Jumping up Ashu said enthusiastically, 'Haan didi haan maine kayi saalon se koyi kori choot nahin phardi. Lakin kya woh maan jayengi? (Yes didi yes it is some years since I fucked a virgin but would they agree?)' 

'Of course they will agree. By the time I am finished with them they will be begging you to fuck them' I replied. As Amit had not said anything I asked him, 'What do you say Amit?' 

'Didi I would also love to fuck my first virgin but I am a little nervous?' Amit replied. 
