 The last part ended with these words:

In the morning I asked, 'What is your plan?' 

'Oh Randy I am so excited. It is so simple. I am sure that it will work and he will not be in a position to complain either' Arti said jumping with joy. 

'Okay it is simple and it will work but for God's sake what is the plan?' I asked little loudly. 

'Randy I expect you to help. Without your active participation it might just flop' Arti said in a worried tone. 

'Listen sweetheart I have already promised all my help. I repeat again that I will do whatever possible to help you to get your revenge on Swami and the MD' I said getting irritated. 

'Darling, don't get annoyed. I am being over cautious. You know how important it is for me. My plan is...



This is what happened next:

'My plan is to get the MD to fuck Malti before Swami's own eyes' Arti said.

'You think the MD would fuck his friends daughter?' I asked skeptically. 

'The kind of bastard MD is, he would fuck his own mother, without giving it a second thought, if she was a 22 year old virgin. Don't worry on that account. I am dead sure he will do it gladly' Arti laughed. 

'How will you convince Malti?' I asked. 

'A couple of months ago when Malti graduated I asked her what her plans were. Would she want to work or study further? She was undecided but was toying with the idea of doing her masters. However since a week she is very keen to get a job. I could not understand this sudden change. Last two days she is pestering me to talk to you about getting her a job in the company. Now that Swami is bankrupt things are falling into place. She wants to contribute towards the family expenses' Arti clarified. 

'How will you keep it from Swami?' I asked further. 

'I won't have to do it because she herself will keep it a secret from him' Arti replied. 

'How can you be so sure?' I queried. 

'Because when I asked her why she doesn't ask her father, she just made a face and replied that he does not want her to work' Arti laughed. 

'It seems you have given a lot of thought to this plan' I laughed, 'but tell me how will you get Swami to watch and do nothing'. 

'Yes his watching is very important to me. I will arrange it in the same way I did for you. Remember you also watched your sisters getting screwed without being able to do anything about it' Arti giggled. 

'Alright when is Malti's D- Day or shall I say F-Day?' I asked. 

'In five days, on the 19th of this month' Arti replied. 

'Any special reason for choosing that particular date?' I asked. 

'Yes my dear Randy. It is your boss's birthday and Malti's virgin choot is going to be his birthday gift from Swami' Arti replied laughing loudly. 

As I was about to leave for office on the 19th morning Arti said, 'Randy come home by 3.30. I have called Malti here. She is a little nervous and she wants us go to with her to the suite. I have told the MD to be there at 4.00 to interview Malti for a job'. 

'Okay' I replied.

When I reached home at 3.30 Malti was already there. She was drinking a coke. As she took a sip she made a face. 'Malti what are you drinking?' I asked. 

'When Malti arrived she was feeling very nervous so I suggested that she drink a shot of rum to steady her nerves. To mask the taste of rum I have given it to her in a coke' Arti replied with a naughty smile. 

'Good' I said innocently, 'it will make the interview easier for her'. 

Malti looked surprised and asked, 'You think so sir'. 

'There is no time left to talk' Arti said quickly changing the subject and giving me a nasty look, 'come let us go'. Malti got up. 

'No Malti finish your coke' Arti said. 

'No Arti didi I can't. It tastes awful' Malti protested. 

'Malti drink up. I don't like wastage' I said trying to make amends for my earlier thoughtless remark. Malti pinched her nose and finished the coke in one long draught. When we reached the suite the MD was waiting for us. 

'Where is Swami?' he asked. 

'He is on his way' Arti said, 'but in the meanwhile I suggest you start with the interview'. 

MD started asking her the usual questions. Suddenly Malti caught her head and said, 'Oh I feel so dizzy'. 

'Sir help her to the sofa' Arti said to the MD winking at him. The MD placed both his hands on Malti's tits and pulling her to her feet helped her on to the sofa. Malti lay with her eyes closed complaining of dizziness. MD was busy squeezing her boobs and caressing her choot. Suddenly Malti realized what MD was doing. Trying to get up she said, 'Sir what are you doing?' 

'Preparing your virgin choot for the real interview' Arti smiled. 

A bit confused she asked, 'Kya MD mujhe chodenge? (Is MD going to fuck me?)' 

'Haan Malti MD pahele tau teri kori choot phardainge aur phir teri gaand maarenge (Yes Malti first the MD will pop your cherry and then fuck you in the ass hole)' Arti elaborated. 

'Is it necessary?' Malti asked looking at Arti with lewd eyes. 

'Yes my dear this the only way the MD interviews candidates for a job. It is up to you. If you want the job then you will have to obey whatever he says. You want the job don't you?' Arti asked. 

'Yes Arti didi desperately' Malti replied squirming on the sofa. The aphrodisiac was taking effect. 

'Then you will cooperate with the MD?' Arti asked. 

'Yes didi I will do whatever the MD says' Malti said now scratching her cunt openly. 

'Sir take Malti inside' Arti said to the MD and then as an afterthought added, 'please be kind to her she is like my younger sister'. The MD nodded and Malti accompanied him willingly into the bedroom. 

As soon as the bedroom door closed Arti said urgently, 'Randy quick call Swami and tell him to be here within ten minutes otherwise it will be too late. I want him to see MD ramming his cock into Malti's virgin choot'.

I rang up Swami, 'Randy on the line sir'. 

'Where the hell are you? I have been looking for you since half an hour' Swami said in an irritated voice. 

'Sir I am at 'The Suite'. Swami wanted to say something but I cut him short, 'the MD is here with a pretty virgin. He wants you to come as soon as possible'. 

'Why the hell didn't you say so in the first place. I am coming. I will be there within ten minutes. Tell MD not to start without me' Swami replied and banged the receiver down. 

'He will be here within ten minutes. He wants the MD to wait till he gets here' I said grinning. 

'He has some hopes. Come Randy let us watch what is happening' Arti said shrugging her shoulders. 

Arti switched on the TV. The MD had by now undressed Malti. He laid her on the bed and started to kiss her tits. 'I am surprised that he has not yet popped her cherry' I asked. 

'Normally he is very impatient and would have done just that right away. Yesterday I explained to him that if he wanted to fuck her again and again, then it would be better if he gave her choot the full treatment before deflowering her' Arti laughed, 'anyway I also required the time for Swami to get here'. 

MD was now licking Malti's choot. Malti's legs were in the air and the MD licked her choot from in between her wide-open legs. Malti was squealing with pleasure. Her small choot hole was clearly visible. At this moment Swami walked in. 'Where is the boss' he asked panting heavily. 

'See for yourself' Arti said pointing to the TV screen. Giving it a cursory glance he said, 'I think I will join him'. 

'No Swami you can't. MD was very annoyed with you for being late and has left strict instructions that no one is to disturb him till he has finished. Come sit down and have drink' Arti said handing him a glass full of neat whisky. 

'Damn! Just my luck' Swami cursed, 'Randy why didn't you call me earlier?' Swami complained gulping his drink. 

'I told you as soon as I was instructed to' I replied piously. 

'Swami look how small is the girl's choot hole' Arti said pointing to the screen. 

'Yes it is real small but if I know the boss it won't remain that way for long' Swami laughed taking another big gulp. MD was now on top of Malti ready to pop Malti's cherry. 'My dear it will hurt a little now' we heard MD's voice say. 

'Please sir, be gentle with me. I am still a virgin' Malti replied. 

'What! Who said that? I know that voice. It sounded like...' Swami said bewildered and peered at the screen more carefully. 'My god it is Malti my daughter. I am going to put a stop to it right now' he shouted and got up draining his glass. Just then MD rammed his cock into Malti's virgin cunt. 

'AAAYYYYYYYIIIIEEEEEE' she shouted, 'SIR IT IS HURTING'. 

'Stop what?' Arti laughed cynically, 'MD's lund is in Malti's choot. Swami she is no longer a virgin. Sit down and have another drink and watch. You are already bankrupt why do you want to lose your job also'.

Swami fell back on his chair muttering, 'Oh my god. Oh my god. H...H..How did it happen'. 

Arti was enjoying her self. Driving the nail deeper into him she said, 'You don't know? The MD pushed his laurda into Malti's virgin choot and bang she was a virgin no more. Did you hear that Randy he wants to know how it happened? How priceless? Randy, give him another large drink. He is going to need it' she laughed.

I filled Swami's glass with neat whisky. Taking a large gulp Swami said getting angry, 'Of course I know how virginity is taken. Don't try to be clever with me you bitch. What I want to know is how Malti came to be here?' 

'Oh that. I brought her here to interview for a job in the company. Arti laughed. 

'The boss must have recognized Malti and still h...h..he did this to her' Swami said calming down slightly. 

'Why not? I understand this is how all interviews are conducted in the company. Isn't it so?' Arti said, 'MD recognized her all right but did not think making an exception in her case was in order. Actually he was so excited by the prospect of fucking your virgin daughter that he couldn't wait and started without you'. 

'My god what will happen to my Malti? What will I tell her mother?' Swami said nearly in tears. 

'Now you know what it feels like if some one near and dear to you is involved in your nasty games' Arti said. 

'You mean you did all this on purpose' Swami asked. 

'Of course what did you think?' Arti said. 

'Arti but why? What have I done to you that you punished me so severely?' Swami asked with tears running down his cheeks. 

'What a bastard you are. Have you forgotten already? Don't you remember how you bribed and blackmailed my husband so that you could fuck me? Swami this is the pay back for your evil deed. Yes my revenge' Arti said viciously. 

'Arti, you bloody bitch don't be under the impression that I will keep quiet about it. I will report you to the police and have you sent to jail' Swami threatened. 

'With pleasure do that' Arti laughed, 'but I won't go alone. If you do that then I will sing like a canary and I will take you and your boss with me. I will tell them all that is going on in the company and The Country Club. Don't forget that I know a lot. Many members of the club will probably go with us. Maybe other women may gather courage and substantiate my statement'. 

'Oh God what have I got myself into' Swami lamented. 

'Look Swami Malti's bottoms are moving. The girl is enjoying her first fuck' Arti said pointing to the TV screen. Swami was now drinking heavily. He snatched the bottle from my hand and kept pouring drink after drink for himself. 

'Oh sir it feels so good' Malti screamed, 'oh fuck me harder. Yes like that and faster. Oh my choot is itching so'. 

'Her choot is itching? What have you done to the poor girl?' Swami shouted. 

'Only that what you did to me' Arti replied, 'she is so full of that special coke of yours that if she is fucked the whole night by ten men even then her choot will continue to itch'. 

Before Swami could reply Malti shouted in ecstasy, 'OH SIR FASTER. Y...HES HARDER SIR HARDER. OH Y..HES OH Y..HES. OH FUCK. OH SHIT. I AM I AM OH I AM COMMMMIIIINNNGGGG'. 

Swami covered his ears with his hands and Arti laughed aloud. After few more hard strokes the MD came with a loud grunt 'AAAAHHHHH'. Both Malti and the MD lay gasping for breath. 

Like Malti and the MD, Swami and Arti were also exhausted for the time being. For a brief period there was pin drop silence. Swami continued to swill whisky and Arti just stared at the TV screen. 

'Malti get on all fours' MD said, 'Ab main teri gaand maaroonga (Now I am going to fuck your ass hole)'. Obediently Malti took her position. 

Swami stared at the screen and groaned, 'Oh no, he is going to fuck her gaand also'. 

'Malti you know your father always complained that I did not know how to take the ass hole cherry. I think, for the first time, I will try out his way on his daughter today. What do you say?' MD said in matter of fact tone. 

'Whatever you say sir. I am in your hands' Malti replied not knowing what was in store for her. 

Hearing this Swami came alive. 'No boss no. Don't do it. Please not with my daughter. Randy my boy, do something to stop him' Swami begged. 

'Why what has happened now? That is the only way to take an ass hole cherry you told me once remember?' I replied aggressively, 'have you forgotten what you did to my sister Nitu. Despite your promise to be gentle you rammed your cock inside her backside in one stroke nearly killing her. Now you want me to stop the MD when it is your daughter's turn to feel the pain'. 

'Randy you too are against me today' Swami cried impotently. 

Just then the MD with one stroke, pushed his cock inside Malti's ass hole. Her blood-chilling scream of pain filled the room. 'AAAAAAAYYYYYIIIIIIEEEEEEE' she screamed at the top of her voice, 'NIKALO. APNA LAURDA MERI GAAND MAIN SE NIKALO. HAI MERI GAAND PHATT GAYI (TAKE IT OUT. TAKE YOUR COCK OUT OF MY ASS HOLE. OH YOU HAVE TORN MY ASS HOLE)'. Deafening silence followed Malti's scream. 

Without pausing, the MD continued to ram his cock in and out of her butt hole while the poor Malti kept crying loudly. 'Oh my poor daughter' Swami cried under his breath and started to drink even faster than before. 

Gleefully Arti and I watched Swami suffer. The silence was broken by MD's loud sigh 'AAHHH' as he came. Few minutes later the MD walked naked into the room. Arti quickly switched off the TV. 

'God Arti it was great' he said then seeing Swami added, 'oh Swami there you are. I tell you your daughter Malti was great. What a tight cunt she has. Just like that young beggar girl we fucked the other day. I did not know that you cared so much about me'. 

'I...I. d...do' Swami replied dazed. 

'No need for you to be so modest. Arti has told me everything' MD said hugging Swami. 

'She has, has she?' Swami said thickly. 

'Yes my friend she told me everything. How you looked for a virgin for days to give me as a present on my birthday and when you could not find one, you sent your own daughter telling her that she was to be interviewed for a job. You are very clever my friend' MD said, 'Swami get up Malti is waiting in the room. Go in and enjoy yourself'. 

'Please sir, don't ask him do that. It could devastate him. After all Malti is his own daughter' I said to the MD.

'Devastate Swami? Just the thought of fucking your own daughter would kill a normal person like you and me but not Swami. For Swami a cunt is a cunt. How the cunt is related to him is of no consequence. I remember him telling me how he enjoyed deflowering both his sisters and fucking them till they married' MD laughed then turning to Swami egged him on, 'go on Swami what are you waiting for? A real tight cunt is waiting for you'. 

'Not now, later maybe' Swami mumbled. 

'Suit yourself' MD said, 'Randy see what is keeping Malti'. 

Minutes later I returned with Malti. On seeing her father Malti tried to hide her nakedness by covering her choot with her hands. 'Come on Malti don't hide your pretty choot from your father. As he does not want to fuck it then at least let him enjoy the view' MD laughed pulling her towards him, 'my dear is your choot still itching?' 

'Yes sir it is still itching like hell' Malti replied. 

'Here maybe this will help' MD laughed inserting his cock inside her cunt as he sat her on his lap. 

'Oh yes sir it feels better' Malti sighed. 

'Now my dear move up and down and fuck yourself' MD ordered. Malti obeyed. 

'Randy what are doing standing there with that big bulge?' MD said, 'give your big cock to her to suck'. 

As directed I pushed my cock into the Malti's mouth. Swami watched everything silently and kept draining one glass after another. 

For the next ten minutes the only sound to be heard was moans of pleasure from three of us and grunts of disgust from Swami. 'Move faster my dear' MD said, 'oh it feels good. I will cum soon. How are you doing Randy?' 

'Great sir. I am also not far away' I replied placing my hand behind Malti's bobbing head. 

'Malti remember to swallow Randy's cum. You will like it' MD said. Malti nodded. 

'OH MALTI FASTER OH GOD I AM COMING' MD screamed emptying his balls inside her choot. 

'Careful Malti don't choke I am also about to cum' I cried releasing my load, 'OH MALTI IT IS COMING'. Dutifully Malti swallowed all my cock shot into her mouth. 

'Malti get dressed. We are going home now' Swami said drunkenly and staggered to his feet. 

'Hey, hold it. Swami, stay here and enjoy her and if you don't want to then you go if you like but Malti is g not going anywhere. I am not yet finished with her' MD said. 

Swami glared at Malti with blood shot eyes, 'Come I said' he repeated. 

'Papa you go. I want to stay here. Oh my choot is twitching so badly'. Malti replied kissing MD's limp cock. 

Shrugging his shoulders in disgust Swami staggered to the door. 'Swami you are too drunk to drive' MD said, 'Randy see him off and put him in my car. Tell my driver to drive him home'. 

I had to literary carry Swami to MD's car and putting him inside instructed the driver to take him home. When I returned the MD was busy fucking Malti. Then we both fucked her taking turns in her cunt and in her butt. It was nearly midnight when Arti and I dropped her home. 

'Get up Randy' Arti said shaking me. 'Oh please let me sleep. It is still too early to get up' I replied turning over. 

'Randy listen. Malti just called. Swami has not been home all the night. His family is frantic with worry'. 

I got up with a start. 'What are you saying? He must be sleeping it off in some other room' I replied. 

'That is what I thought but Malti says she has checked the whole house thoroughly' Arti said. After an hour the news came that Mr. Swami died in a road accident last night. 

'H..How can this be? I put him in MD's car myself' I told Arti.

A police investigation followed. They questioned us all. 

One eyewitnesses said, 'God man he was driving like crazy. He came screeching round the corner but then his car straightened up. The suddenly he aimed his car at the parked lorry and drove straight into it. God it was ghastly'.

Another eyewitness said, 'I was not far away from the crash. The driver had been thrown clear of the car. I ran to help him. He was unconscious. He regained consciousness for a minute or so before he died. During these few minutes he kept repeating Malti job loss bank trust incoherently. Yes I think he drove into the parked truck on purpose. 

MD's statement to the police: 'Last evening we were all at the Hotel Bailey to interview Malti, his daughter for a job in my company. Afterwards we celebrated the success of the interview. Swami got drunk and wanted to leave. As he was not fit to drive, I asked Randy to put him in my car and instruct the driver to take him home'. 

My statement to the police: 'As per the MD's orders I put him in MD's car and told the driver to take Mr. Swami home. You can ask the driver'.
