 Dear reader, 

After completing the fifth part of this story I thought I was done with it but I received many messages asking me to continue with the story. 

Thanks guys. I love you. 

In deference to your wishes here is part 6 and... 

I hope you will enjoy this part also. Please remember to send your comments and don't forget to vote. 

Take care. 

Saheb Sahebji


* * * * *

Part 5 ended with these lines: 

Arti was right. Between the two of them I was completely fucked out within two hours, my balls were drained dry and my cock wouldn't stir for love or money. Releasing me they started to eat each other's pussy. 

I was exhausted and fell asleep. When I woke up it was still night. I could hear their loud moans of pleasure. Opening one eye I saw that Arti working the dildo in and out of Mala's choot. My cock stirred but there was no hurry to fuck them now. They will still be here in the morning. 

Closing my eyes again I thought back. I was content. I had done quite well for myself. Today I was the Deputy Managing Director of the company, owned a nice big apartment, a top of the drawer car; I had a beautiful horny wife and Mala, Malti and all the choots of other female employees of the company to fuck at will. With a contented sigh I turned my thoughts towards the future. The future also looked rosy. Just the thought of fucking two eighteen-year-old virgins was exhilarating. With this pleasant thought I drifted into deep sleep.....

Now for part 6: 

When I got up in the morning I felt fresh but both my naked beauties were fast asleep with their black friend, coated with their dried cum lying between them. Seeing their luscious bodies my cock raised its head and wanted to finish the job it had left incomplete the night before. 'First some hot tea and then chudai (fucking)' I thought. 

Without disturbing them I slid out of the bed and made my way to the kitchen. I brewed three cups of hot tea and returned with them to the bedroom. 'Rise and shine my lovelies' I said, 'hot tea and my lund is waiting for you'. 

Arti yawned and pulled herself up in the bed, 'Thank you darling. God, am I tired?' she muttered. Then pinching Mala's nipples added, 'get up lazy girl it is morning'. 

'Okay, okay I am getting up. There is no need to pinch my teats so hard' Mala said sitting up. 

'The program is first hot tea in your stomach then hot sperm in your choots (cunts)' I said. 

'Randy not in my choot. It hurts' Arti pleaded. 

Touching her choot Mala groaned, 'Not in my choot either it is still quite raw'. 

'In that case it will have to be in your gaand (ass hole)' I suggested.  

'My gaand also hurts' Mala said, 'if you like I can suck you off'. 

'Good idea. Me too' Arti said. After finishing their tea they finished me off one after the other. Leaving them still lolling in bed I left for office. 

'Good morning Jaya' I greeted my secretary as I entered my office, 'please bring me a hot cup of coffee'.

'Good morning sir' Jaya reciprocated, 'a hot cup of coffee coming up'. 

Yes, dear reader she is the same Jaya, who was very badly used by the MD and our late Mr. Swami. This is how she came to be my secretary.

The morning after my promotion as Deputy Managing Director (DMD) I shifted into my new office. The office was as large as that of the MD and as luxuriously furnished. Our offices, MD's and mine were situated opposite each other. The entrance to our offices was through a room meant to seat our secretaries but there was no secretary and the aging Raghu (Jaya's father) occupied the room. 

The same afternoon when I met the MD I asked him, 'Sir I am surprised that you are functioning without a secretary'. 

'Randy few years ago I had hired Manjari as my secretary but my wife, Kala did not like the idea. I had to shift her to the steno pool. It did not matter to me whether I screwed her as my secretary or as a stenographer as long as the girl was the same' MD explained adding, 'go ahead and hire a secretary if you want. To start with we can both share her and later think of adding a second one'. 

'Thank you sir. Are there any particular qualities you would like to see in her? I asked. 

'Randy I am not very fussy as long as she spreads her legs whenever I want' MD replied laughing, 'and it would be an added advantage if she can make coffee also'. 

'Exactly what I also had in mind. I will see to it that she is young and beautiful also' I laughed. 

'What more can a person ask for' MD concurred laughing. 

'Another thing sir Raghu is getting old and it is high time that he retires. It is also not safe for him to be around, you know what I mean sir' I said. 

'Yes I know. Each time I wanted to remove Raghu my sister, Sudha protested vehemently. To maintain peace in the family I kept him on and I was compelled to hire the suite in Hotel Bristol to conduct my "business". I have no objection. Retire him if you like we will save the expense of the suite' MD said. 

Armed with MD's approval I tackled Raghu. 'Raghu you are getting old. At your age you should be at home playing with your grandchildren and not working. The MD and I have therefore decided to retire you with full benefits'. 

'Sir I am your servant and if you want me to retire then I will retire' Raghu replied respectfully, 'but how will I meet my expenses?' 

Pushing a paper towards him I said, 'Do you see the amount written on it? That is what you will get when you leave'  

'Sir I can't spend this money for my daily expenses. I had planned to use this amount to pay for my daughter's wedding and my son's education' he submitted bowing low. 

'I see your problem' I said, 'I can help you invest it. The interest on it will be more than sufficient for your daily needs and the amount will remain intact. I am sorry Raghu but you will have to go' I said. 

'Sir may I make a humble request?' Raghu asked. 

'Of course' I replied. 

'Sir I have heard that you are looking for a secretary. My daughter Jaya has just completed a secretarial course with good grades. Please sir it is my humble request that you give her a chance to work under you. She is a hard working girl I am confident that you will be satisfied' Raghu pleaded. 

'She will have to work hard with both MD and me screwing the daylights out of her' I thought smiling to myself but aloud I said, 'Okay Rahgu I will give her an opportunity to work under the MD and me. Send her to my office with her certificates etc. Now go to the cashier and collect your dues'. 

'Thank you sir' Raghu said gratefully. 

After Raghu had left my office I rang up the MD. 'Sir both the matters are settled. Raghu leaves today and his daughter Jaya will be our secretary' I said. 

'Great work. I always wanted to fuck that girl again. How did you manage it?' MD asked. 

'Actually it was Raghu who humbly begged me to give his daughter a chance to work under me. He did not realize that she would be literary working under us' I replied laughing wickedly. 

'Good tell me when she arrives' the MD said.

Three days later Jaya came to my office with her certificates. I informed the MD of her arrival. Glancing through her certificates I saw that they were okay. 'Jaya now for your real interview. Take off your clothes' I said. 

'Oh boy you are going to screw me. It has been a long time hasn't it?' Jaya said joyously. 

As she was undressing the MD walked in. Seeing him she stopped midway saying, 'Sir kya yeh bji mujhe chodenge? (Sir will he also fuck me?) I don't want to be hurt again'. 

'Go on undress' I said sternly, 'he won't hurt you'. 

When she was naked the MD started the interview. 

'Oh sir it feels so good' Jaya moaned as the MD started to screw her. 

'Y....HES HARDER AND FASTER. OH, OH I AM NEARLY THERE. GODDDDD I AM COMMIIIINNNNGGGG' she shouted and fell back gasping. 

'Oh sir it was wonderful. Aapne mujhe paheli baar kyon nahin aisse choda? (Why did you not fuck me like this the first time)' Jaya asked innocently kissing the MD. 

'Times change my dear' MD replied laughing. 

Then we both proceeded to interview her by turns from all sides. Once we even interviewed her together. After three hours of intensive interview we were exhausted. I asked, 'Sir what do you think of her?' 

'She will do but I have one more question' MD replied, 'Jaya....' 

Before MD could complete the question Jaya interjected, 'Sir if you don't mind I will answer your next question tomorrow. Today my choot is very sore'. 

MD laughed, 'No you must answer today. Tell me can you make good coffee?' 

'The best' Jaya laughed blushing. 

'Good. Randy, hire her. Don't forget to list fucking as her main duty' MD said. 

'Naturally sir' I replied as he returned to his office. 

Now back to the present. 'Here is your coffee sir' I heard Jaya say. 

'Thank you' I replied but she made no effort to leave. 

'Can I do anything else for you?' she asked with a naughty smile. 

'No. I am fine' I replied. 

She continued to linger. 'Are you sure, I can't do something for you sir' she said scratching her crotch, making amply clear what she had in mind.  

'No Jaya not now maybe later. Please send Malti to me' I said. 

Pouting impishly she said, 'Why do you want Malti? I am here; what has she got that I don't have'. 

This smelt of jealousy. Going round my desk and taking both her boobs in my hands squeezed them hard. 'OOWWWWAAAA' she screamed jumping back, 'sir that hurt'. 

'Good it was meant to. Listen my dear; many a girl has been fired for a remark like that. You are new and I like you therefore you still have your job. For you information, I don't fuck you and Malti alone but also all the other ladies working here so relax. Therefore in this company there is no room for jealousy. Understood? Now go and send Malti in'. 

With bowed head she left the room. Malti and I worked on important matters for the next two hours. 'Malti I want these figure before three today'. 

'No problem sir. They will be with you' Malti replied collecting her papers. 

When I returned from lunch the figures were on my table. After studying them briefly I went to the MD's room. We discussed company matters for an hour. 'Now that we have finished let us have a cup of coffee together' MD suggested adding, 'Randy any new experiences?' 

'Sir have you ever given Kala and Sudha your special cola to drink together?' I asked. The MD shook his head. 

'Try it sir it is great fun. I tried it with Arti and Mala. They fucked me flat in two hours but it was great till it lasted'. 

'Mala? Not my Mala?' MD asked surprised. 

'Oh you don't know? I was the one who deflowered her when she was under training here' I replied. 

'Well it does not matter now' MD said shaking his head sadly probably recalling how he had been tricked into screwing her. 

'Really! The problem I see is that both of them know about the cola and may not drink it' MD said coming back to the subject. 

'We will have to find another way' I mused, 'do you have more of that stuff?' 

'Yes I always keep some in stock' the MD laughed producing a vial containing a pale yellow fluid.

'Where do you get this stuff?' I asked out of curiosity. 

'From a Sadhu (Holyman) I met on one of my tours many years ago. He makes it himself out of herbs etc. and sells it very dear. Sorry I can't divulge more it is a secret' MD replied winking at me. 

'No sweat sir I was just curious. I suggest that you schedule a Board Meeting at your house on Saturday. We four are the only directors of the company and will be present. I will ask Arti to bake some coconut cookies; she makes them real well, with this stuff on it. During tea we will feed the cookies to them. What do you say?' I said. 

'Coconut cookies I hate them but both Sudha and Kala love them. Randy you will have to help. I won't be able to cope with both of them. As it is they are very horny and with this stuff in them they will be like hungry tigresses'. 

'Sure sir love to' I smiled. 

'Tell Arti to be careful. It is very potent stuff' MD warned giving me the vial.

On Saturday at tea Arti offering the cookies to the MD said, 'Sir I have baked some coconut cookies specially for you'. 

'Thank you Arti. It was nice of you .....' MD said. 

'Give them to me' Kala interrupted popping a cookie in her mouth, 'he hates them but Sudha and I love them. Sudha try one it is very tasty'. Sudha also took one. 

During tea they both had tree cookies each. After sometime beads of perspiration appeared on their forehead and they began to pant lightly. Seeing the symptoms I said, 'Sir I think we should start with the meeting. We have a long agenda today'. 

'You are right' MD replied, 'let us all adjourn to my study'. 

The study was very large and very expensively furnished. It contained a large divan in case he required to "interview" someone. By the time the ladies entered they were openly scratching their cunts. 

'What is the matter with you both? Got itchy cunts?' MD asked laughing. 

'Yes my choot suddenly started to itch' Kala responded innocently. MD laughed again. 

'You devil you have done this. Sudha this bastard has fed us some of his love potion. But how?' Kala asked. 

'It must have been in the cookies' Sudha deduced, 'this means Arti and Randy are also in the conspiracy'. 

'Who cares now. My choot is on fire' Kala shouted catching my cock, 'Sudha you take Raju while I see what Randy can do'. 

They started to tear off our clothes. 'Easy my dear what is the hurry?' MD teased laughing softly. 

'YOU BLOODY BASTARDS YOU HAVE LIT THIS FIRE IN OUR CHOOTS AND YOU ARE GOING TO EXTINGUISH IT WITH YOUR SEED' Kala screamed in anger. Then pulling me by my erection took me to the divan. 

'AAAAAHHHH' she sighed as I entered her itching cunt. Few seconds later Sudha and MD lay next to us fucking. Both our bottoms were going up and down at full speed. 'Oh Randy fuck faster. Y..hes harder' Kala squealed. 

Sudha was not as vocal as Kala but kept moaning, 'AH' OH AH' with each inward stroke of MD's cock. 

'RANDY YOU BASTARD I TOLD YOU TO FUCK ME HARDER. DO IT! I SAY. Y...HES THIS IS GOOD. OH FASTER. HARDER. Y..HES GODDD I AMMMM COOMMIIIINNNGG. OHHH YOOOUUU SOOOONNN OFFF AAA BBBIIIITTTCCCHHHHHHHH' she screamed on top of her voice and fell back gasping for breath. 

Sudha also came with a loud, AAAAHHHHHHHH'. Within seconds MD and I also emptied our gun into their choot.  This went on and on. After three hours our cocks would not respond to their coaxing. 'God Sudha their cocks are dead but my choot is still not satisfied. What shall I do?' Kala lamented. 

'My choot is also still itching. Come to my room I have something there which can help us' Sudha replied. They peeped out of the study, seeing no one, dashed out naked as they were to Sudha's room. 

'Sir how was it?' I panted. 

'Randy it was a real treat. I did not know I could fuck so many times without a rest. We must do it again' MD replied. Half an hour later when Arti and I were leaving there was still no sign of the two ladies. No doubt they were still busy fucking the big black one. 

'How did it go?' Arti asked. 

'Lovely' I replied, 'what about you?' 

'There is some good news and some bad one' Arti said. 

'Okay give' I asked. 

'Mala will tell you tomorrow when she comes' Arti replied closing the subject. 

Next day Mala came to visit us. After exchanging pleasantries I asked, 'Please ladies tell me what happened yesterday?' 

'When you all left we decided to spend some time with Reema and Seema' Mala started the narration. While we were talking we heard my aunt screaming. 

'Why is mama screaming like this?' Reema asked. We knew why but instead of telling her Arti suggested, 'Let us go see what is going on'. 

Reema, Arti and I got up but Seema made no move. 'Aren't you coming?' I asked. 

'Yes didi (elder sister) you go I will follow in a minute' Seema replied. 

We peeped into the study through the window. You four were busy fucking. We could clearly see your cocks going in and out. Seeing the scene Reema blushed but continued to watch. In a few minutes her breath became short and she started to moan softly. Putting her arms round Reema from behind, Arti squeezed and caressed her boobs. Seema had not yet arrived. Giving Arti a smile of encouragement I left to call Seema. Arti now you continue' Mala said. 

'Reema's moans got louder and breath shorter' Arti continued the narration, 'I put my hand under her skirt and caressed her virgin choot through her panties'. 

'Oh didi' she moaned. 

'Achcha lagta hain na? Aur karoon? (It feels nice doesn't it? Shall I continue?' I whispered in her ears. 

'Haan didi bahut achcha lag raha hai. Aur karo (Yes didi it is feels very nice. Don't stop)' she moaned. I inserted my fingers in her panties and rubbed her swollen clit. 

'OOHH DIDIIII' she squealed loudly as my finger touched her clit. 

'Softly my dear otherwise they will hear you' I whispered. I continued to massage her choot till she came twice. 

'Chudai achchi lag rahi hai na? (Fucking is nice isn't it?) I asked. 

'Haan (Yes)' she gasped as I continued to stimulate her clit. 

'Chudwane ka dil karta hai? (You feel like fucking don't you?)' I asked. 

'Oh didi mujhe chudwane ka bahut dil karta hai (Yes didi I would love to be fucked)' she panted. 

We saw that you were preparing to fuck Sudha. 'Didi dekho Randy ka laurda kitna barda aur sunder hai (Didi look at Randy's cock. It is so big and handsome)' she panted. 

'Tu kahe tau tujhe bhi Randy se chudwa doon (If you want then I can arrange for Randy to fuck you also)' I suggested softly. 

'Why would a handsome man like Randy want to fuck a plain looking girl like me?' she asked wistfully. 

'He will fuck you if I ask him to' I said. 

'Oh didi please ask him. Ask him now' Reema sighed.

'What is the hurry? You are still too young' I said.

'No didi I am not too young. I will be eighteen in a few months' Reema replied eagerly.

'Wait at least till you are eighteen. Randy will fuck you on your eighteenth birthday' I laughed.

'Promise' she asked.

'Yes my dear I promise. Randy taking your cherry will be my birthday present to you' I told her. 

Embracing me she bubbled, 'Oh didi you are so nice'.

Mala had not returned nor had Seema joined us. 'Reema let us see what the others are doing' I proposed.

When we returned to Seema's room I noticed that the faces of both Mala and Seema were flushed and they lay panting on the bed. I guessed what was going on and I quickly ushered Reema outside. Mala now you tell Randy as to what happened between Seema and you' Arti said concluding her part. 

'Randy when I returned looking for Seema I found her in the same position as we had left her' Mala said, 'Seema we were waiting for you. Do you realize what you missed seeing?' I said to her. 

'What did I miss?' she asked uninterested. 

'You missed the scene of Randy and your papa fucking our mamas silly' I said smiling. 

'Didi I am not interested in chudai (fucking)' Seema replied. Her reply took me by surprise. 

'Not interested in chudai? Do you know the pleasures a man can give a woman?' I said. 

'MEN! I hate men. They are so cruel and self-centered' she replied with fire in her eyes. I was flabbergasted and thought that some lout had raped her. 

'W..W..WHAT! kissi ne tujhe choda tau nahin? (Has someone fucked you?)' I stuttered. 

'Oh no nothing like that. I am still a virgin' she replied. I breathed a little easier. 

'Then who told you this rubbish about men?' I asked quickly. 

'My English teacher' Seema said. 

'You can't imagine the pleasures a man's cock can give us women' I repeated. 

'I know just a fraction of what a woman's touch can give' Seema retorted.
