 'Maybe our party could be considered as Reema's birthday do. This way both objects will be achieved' Arti proposed. 

'Good idea. That is what we will do. We will be there. Saturday five o'clock you said?' MD asked excitedly. 

'Yes sir, please don't forget to bring Reema and Seema also' Arti added. 

'Oh yes of course' MD replied. 

'Well done Arti you baited the hook very nicely. Now uncle will definitely come' Mala said. 

'Now that the business part is over it is time to enjoy' Sudha said undoing her blouse buttons. 

'Yes mama let us enjoy' Mala giggled. 

'Come on boys help the ladies to undress and fuck them together in one room' Arti said, 'it is not every day that mother and daughter get screwed together'. 

All the four men descended on the ladies and carried them into a bedroom. 

'Bhaiya what are you thinking?' Ritu asked. 

'About Saturday and Reema's kori choot (virgin cunt) no doubt' Arti giggled. 

'You are right as usual my dear' I said and gathering Lila and Sara in my arms added, 'come girls give me some practice'. 

Arti and my sisters laughed loudly as we three left. 

These were the last lines of part 6. Now for part 7:

After screwing Lila and Sara I waited impatiently for Seema's birthday party to start. The time seemed to stand still. The hands of the clock wouldn't move fast enough for me. While waiting, I dozed off. My sub conscious registered the sound of the clock striking four, 'Dong, Dong, Dong, Dong'. Suddenly my eyes snapped open. I was now wide-awake. 

After a quick wash I went into the living room. I noticed that the furniture had been rearranged. The sofa etc. had been arranged in a semi-circle with a bed in the center. My four brothers in law were naked and were playing cards. 'Hello fellows why naked?' I asked. 

'Arti bhabi's instructions' Ram replied. 

'Where is she?' I inquired. 

'In the kitchen with the girls preparing snacks for the party' Sham said. I went into the kitchen. Arti and the girls were also naked. 

'What's up?' I asked. 

'Your cock I hope' Arti laughed, 'remember you have to pop Reema'a cherry today'. 

'Oh I know that. What I meant was you all being naked and the furniture arranged as if there is going to be show or something' I asked. 

'Of course there is going to be a show. We want to watch you deflower Reema. You can't have all the fun, eh girls?' Arti said

'Yeah we all want to watch' they said in a chorus. 

'Arti you want me to deflower Reema while you all are watching?' I asked. 

'Of course. Do you have any problem with it?' Arti asked. 

'No not me but won't it embarrass Reema?' I replied. 

'We will cross that bridge when we get to it' Arti said, 'darling go and get ready. Reema will be arriving shortly'. After a shower when I joined the others the front door bell rang. Arti, now clad in her housecoat, ran out of the kitchen to open the door shouting, 'They are here everybody to your places'. 

It was Mala and Reema. 'Come on in' Arti said, 'you really cut it fine. For a moment I thought the MD had smelled a rat' Arti said. 

Arti ushered Reema and Mala into the living room. Reema looked radiantly beautiful. Seeing everyone naked Reema stopped in her tracks and turned red. 'M..M..Mala didi they are all naked' she stuttered. 

'Not naked darling' Arti said, 'they are dressed in their birthday suit to celebrate your eighteenth birthday in style. Reema come with me I will help you undress appropriately for the occasion'. 

'Arti don't forget the hair on her choot' Mala shouted after the receding figures. 

'Don't worry, I know I have been there' Arti replied raising her finger and wriggling it in acknowledgment before disappearing into the master bedroom with Reema. 

'Why so late?' I asked Mala. 

'We are lucky to be here my uncle nearly ruined everything' Mala said starting to undress. 

'Really! What happened?' I said. 

'Aren't you going to undress?' Mala asked. 

'Yes I will later. It takes me only seconds' I replied, 'tell me what happened'. 

'When Reema and I were ready to leave we went to uncle's room to tell him that we were leaving' Mala started her story. 

He said, 'No wait what is the hurry we will all go together'.

For a moment I was nonplused but managed to say, 'Uncle but why? We are set to leave and you will require at least half an hour to get ready'. 

Here luckily my aunt came to my rescue. 'Raju where is the harm let the children go ahead and have fun. She is right we have yet to get ready and won't be leaving for another thirty minutes' Kala auntie said. 

'Tum Randy ko nahin janti mauka milte hee woh Reema ki choot phard dega (You don't know Randy given the slightest opportunity he will deflower Reema'. 

'Oh papa' Reema said blushing, 'main ab bachchi tau nahin hoon ki jo chahye jab chahye mujhe chod de (I am not a child any more that anyone can fuck me whenever he wants)'. 

'Darling that is my main worry that you are no longer a child' he said. 

'Come on Raju you are unduly suspicious of Randy' my mother said, 'woh Reema ki choot kaisse phardega (how will he deflower her) his flat is crawling with his relatives. You should know because you yourself are looking forward to meeting them'. 

'Yes you are right' uncle laughed, 'go on girls enjoy yourself. Tell Randy we will be there at sharp five.' 

On the way I asked, 'Kyon Reema apni choot phardwane ke liye tayyar hai? (Reema are you ready to lose your cherry?)'. Blushing she sighed, 'Oh haan (Oh yes)'. 

'Look Randy the birthday girl is here' Mala said handing her clothes to Lila, 'Lila darling please put them away'. 

Mala was right. Arti and Reema had just entered the living room. Both were naked. Reema was blushing prettily and held her hands in front of her freshly shaven choot. 

'Reema don't hide your choot' Mala said pulling Reema's hands away, 'it is so beautiful let everyone see it'. 

Seeing this naked beauty my cock started to harden. I quickly undressed. As soon as my cock was free from its confines it stood pointing towards the ceiling with it's big red head glowing in anticipation of a fresh choot. 

Ritu exclaimed, 'Phew! What a lund!' 

Smiling I glanced towards her and saw Nitu nudge Sham with her elbow and whisper loud enough for all to hear, 'Isse assli laurda kehete hain (Now that is what I call a real cock)'. 

'Yeh kya bura hai? (What is wrong with this?)' Sham replied pointing to his erection. 

'Thorda chota hai lakin hai bahut pyaara (Little small but very sweet)' Nitu laughed kissing Sham's lund. 

Arti led Reema to me and pushing her in my arms said, 'Now you look after the birthday girl'. I embraced Reema and gently caressed her tits while kissing her tenderly on her lips. 

At first she did not respond but after a few minutes kissed me back as passionately as I kissed her. At five minutes to five I laid her on the bed and got on top of her. She kept her legs closed. I rubbed my cock in between her cunt lips. With a loud 'AAHHH' her legs separated. I continued kissing her and rubbing my cock on her choot. 

'Randy mujhe iss terah se mat tarsao aur meri choot phard do (Randy don't tease me like this deflower me)' Reema moaned spreading her legs even wider. 

'Soon my love soon' I replied. I looked around and saw that except for Mala and Arti who were watching us, the others were busy fondling each other. The doorbell rang. 

'Attention everybody the "cherry popping" show is about to start' Arti said putting on a housecoat, 'they are here'. 

I could not see them but could hear what was said. 'Good afternoon sir thanks for coming' Arti said, 'Kala, Sudha welcome to our apartment'. 

The time had come to take Reema'a cherry. I placed my cock at the entrance of her dripping choot and whispered, 'Darling it will hurt a little'. Reema nodded bravely and braced herself. I pulled back a little and pushed my cock into her. 

'AAAAYYYYYYIIIIIEEEEEEE HAI MAR GAYI. BAHUT DARD HO RAHI HAI (AAAAYYYYYYIIIIIEEEEEEE I AM DYING. IT HURTS TERRIBILY)' Reema shouted as my lund, tearing through virginal barrier nestled itself deep inside her fuck channel. I commenced to move my cock in and out of her tight cunt. 

' Kya bahut dard ho rahi hai? (Is it hurting a lot)' I asked. 

'Hui thi per ab nahin (It did but not now)' Reema replied bravely, 'chodete raho (continue to fuck)'. 

'Who is that screaming?' MD asked Arti. 

'It sounded like Reema' Kala remarked. 

'Yes it was Reema' Sudha said laughing wickedly, 'I think Randy has given our virgin Reema her birthday present' 

'HEY BHAGWAN RANDY NE REEMA KI CHOOT PHHARD DI (OH MY GOD RANDY HAS DEFLOWERED REEMA)' MD shouted rushing into the living room followed by the three ladies, where I was stroking Reema's choot with long slow strokes. 

'RANDY STOP! Don't do that it is my daughter Reema' MD wailed. 

'Randy tum kya kar rahe ho? (Randy what are you doing?)' Kala asked unnecessarily. 

'Kala kya andhi ho gayi hai? Dekh nahin sakti ki Randy Reema ko chod raha hai (Kala are you blind? Can't you see that Randy is fucking Reema)' Sudha said grinning broadly. 

'Sudha the way you are enjoying our predicament I would say that you knew about this all the time' MD said looking at Sudha. 

'Yes. I not only knew about it but also planned it' Sudha replied with smug satisfaction. 

'Why Sudha why? What did I do to you?' MD asked perplexed. 

'To revenge my humiliation at your hands' Sudha said. 

'Me! Humiliate you never. When did I humiliate you?' MD asked. 

'You seem to have a very short memory for your own shortcomings' Sudha said viciously, 'remember the night in Hotel Bristol, where you so grandiosely presented my choot to Randy as if it belonged to you. Yes you offered my choot to him without even asking me first and when I refused you had the gall to blackmail me by threatening to pop Mala's cherry, when you jolly well knew that she was not a virgin because you yourself had fucked her a few days ago'. 

'What? You disgusting man you fucked your own 'daughter' like niece?' Kala said. 

'Kala darling they deceived me. I did not know that it was Mala' MD explained. 

'Now you can say what you like. Tomorrow you will want to fuck your own daughters you lecherous beast' Kala said turning away from him in disgust. 

'Believe me darling I was tricked by Mala and Arti' MD tried to explain again. 

'Kala he is right he did not know he was tricked but what business did he have to give my choot away the way he did' Sudha said angrily. 

'You enjoyed Randy's big cock didn't you?' MD charged. 

'What if I did enjoy it but the point is that you still had no right....' Sudha reiterated. Before this developed in a full-fledged free for all fight Arti intervened. 

'STOP! STOP I SAY! STOP' Arti shouted and when they had calmed down she added, 'did you hear what Reema said?' They shook their heads in the negative. 

'What did you say Reema?' Arti asked Reema, 'please repeat it'. 

'Oh Randy ruk kyon gaye aur chodo na bahut achcha lag raha hai (Oh Randy why have you stopped. Fuck me more. It feels so nice)' Reema moaned. 

'Sorry my darling I got distracted' I said and recommenced to move my cock in and out of her tight choot. 

'What had to happen has happened. Reema's virginity is gone. It is a thing of the past. She is enjoying herself and so is Randy. Why don't you also have fun instead of quarreling? Girls come here' Arti said and when the girls came added, 'sir, meet my sisters in law Lila and Sara. You have already met Ritu and Nitu'. 

Forgetting Reema and the quarrel MD put his arms round them and squeezing their boobs said, 'Very pretty indeed'.

'OOOOHHH' they moaned. 

'Tell me my dears what is your choot like' MD asked fingering their cunts and leading them towards the bedroom.

'Hot...' Lila sighed.

'...and empty waiting for your cock' Sara moaned. 

'Arti I like them' MD laughed, 'which one of you shall I fuck first?'

'Me' Sara said quickly.

'No me. I am older' Lila said.

'Let us go inside the bedroom then we will decide' MD laughed leading them inside. 

'Kala, Sudha the hard cocks of these four horny and healthy young men are waiting to please your choots' Arti said presenting the quartet. 

Kala, forgetting that her daughter had just lost her virginity, grabbed the cocks of Sham and Ashu. 'Y..hes they are nice and hard' she squealed and pulling them towards the bedroom by their cocks said, 'Sudha bring the other two and let us together take the starch out of their cocks'. 

'Arti, Mala why don't you also join us? There are four of them' Sudha suggested. 

'No you go-ahead' Arti replied, 'Randy will look after us when he finishes fucking Reema'. 

With a big grin Sudha, pulling Ram and Amit by their cocks behind her, followed Kala into the bedroom.

While the above was going on I continued to fuck Reema with long slow strokes. 'Oh Randy it feels so goooood' Reema sighed, 'oh move faster?' 

I increased the speed of my strokes. 

'Y...hes that is right. Oh go faster. Y...hes faster and harder. GOD IT FEELS GOOD. OH, OH RANDY I AAAMMM NEARLY THEREEE. OH MY GOOODDDDD. I AM COMMMINNNNNG' Reema screamed and fell back panting. Without missing a stroke I continued to move my lund in and out of her choot. 

'Reema how was your first orgasm with a laurda inside you?' Mala asked. 

'Oh didi it was just out of this world' Reema replied gasping for breath. 

'Oh I think I will cum again' Reema squealed and clasped me tightly to her bosom. I felt my spunk rising and increased the speed and the strength of my strokes. Reema's bottoms were moving in rhythm of my strokes. 'OH MY GOD IT FEELS GREAT' Reema shouted, 'Y...HES RANDY BANG YOUR COCK INTO ME. HARDER Y...HES HARDER. THAT IS THE WAY. OH I AM NEARLY THERE. DDDON"T SSSTOPPP. Y..HES FASTER. GOD I AM THERE OHH RRRAAANNDDDYYYYY' she screamed as her cunt received her first shot of cum. We both lay kissing and savoring the intense pleasure we had just experienced. 

'Oh Randy now fuck me, I am feeling so horny' Arti said and turning to Mala added, 'Mala call one of the boys to look after Reema's cunt'. 

As I entered Arti I saw Ram getting on top of Reema. 'Kya ab Ram bhi mujhe chodega (Will Ram fuck me also)' Reema asked. 

'Yes my dear. Ram and all the rest of them also' Mala replied. After fucking Arti I fucked Mala. As we finished I heard Arti say, 'Amit you rascal what do you think you are doing?' 

'Preparing to fuck Reema in her ass hole' Amit replied. 

'No you are not. It is Randy's prerogative to take her ass hole cherry not yours ' Arti said, 'fuck her in the cunt like the others did'. 

'I wanted to but Reema said that her cunt is hurting so I decided to take her in the ass' Amit said. 

'Reema did you ask Amit to fuck you in your ass hole?' Arti inquired. 

'No of course not I only asked him to wait as my cunt was a bit sore' Reema replied blushing. 

'Amit isski choot chod (Amit fuck her cunt)' Arti ordered. As ordered Amit commenced to fuck Reema in her cunt. 

Peeping into the bedrooms I saw that MD was busy humping Sara while Ram and Ashu were busy fucking Sudha and Kala. From their loud moans it was evident that they were enjoying themselves. 

'Randy are you ready to take Reema's gaand cherry' Arti asked. 

'Of course darling' I said pointing to my hard on. 

'Then why the delay get on with it' Mala said. 

Turning to Reema I said, 'Darling get on all fours I will now fuck you in your ass hole'. 

'No Randy, please not in my ass hole' Reema pleaded looking at Arti and Mala for help. 

'Gaand tau phardwani pardegi (You will have to lose your ass hole cherry)' Mala said. 

'Didi Randy's lund is sooo big. It will kill me' Reema begged. 

'Mala survived and so did I. Don't worry you will not die. Now do as Randy says my dear' Arti said sternly. 

Reluctantly Reema crouched on all fours. Spreading her ass cheeks I applied some spit on her small puckered brown rear entrance. Placing my cock on her butt hole I pressed forward. 'OOOOOO IT IS HURTING. RANDY PLEASE SPARE MY GAAND' Reema shouted loudly

'GET OFF ME! LET ME GET UP' I heard MD shout, 'I MUST STOP RANDY FROM FUCKING REEMA IN HER ASS HOLE'. 

'WHO CARES LET HIM. I AM ABOUT TO CUM' Lila screamed back. 

'I CARE. GET OFF' MD shouted again. This was followed by sounds of a commotion and I saw the MD emerging from the room with his cock in the air dragging four naked girls, who were trying to hold him back, behind him.

'RANDY STOP' MD said loudly to me, 'DON'T YOU DARE FUCK REEMA IN THE ASS HOLE'. 

Without paying attention to him I continued to press for entry in Reema's gaand. 

'OH MAMA PLEASE RESCUE MY GAAND' Reema pleaded. 

MD shouted at me a couple of times more to stop but I continued to press for entry inside Reema's virgin gaand. He then entered the other room shouting, 'KALA TU YAHAN CHUDWARAHI HAI AUR USS KAMARE MAIN RANDY HUMAARI BETI KI GAAND MARNE WALA HAI (KALA YOU ARE FUCKING HERE AND IN THE OTHER ROOM RANDY IS ABOUT TO FUCK OUR DAUGHTER IN HER ASS HOLE)'. 

'I DON'T CARE. LET HIM I AM ENJOYING MYSELF. Y..HES RAM LIKE THIS HARDER AND FASTER' Kala shouted back at him. 

At this point Reema's sphincter gave way and amid Reema's blood chilling scream, 'AAAAAAYYYYYYYIIIIIIIIEEEEEEE MAR GAYI (AAAAAAYYYYYYYIIIIIIIEEEEEEE I AM DYING) ' my cock buried itself to the hilt in her ass hole. 

'RAJU AB KUCH NAHIN HO SAKTA RANDY KA LAURDA REEMA KI GAAND MAI GHUSS CHUKA HAI (RAJU NOTHING TO BE DONE NOW, RANDY'S COCK IS ALREADY INSIDE REEMA'S ASS HOLE)' I heard Sudha laugh loudly, 'GO ENJOY THE YOUNG GIRLS IF YOU STILL CAN?' 

'REEMA'S ASS HOLE CHERRY WON'T STOP HIM FROM FUCKING THE GIRLS TILL HIS COCK CAN'T STAND ANY MORE. FOR FOUR YOUNG CUNTS HE WILL EVEN HAVE HIS OTHER DAUGHTER DEFLOWERED. AM I RIGHT MY DARLING?' Kala snickered loudly, 'NOW GO DON'T KEEP FOUR YOUNG CHOOTS WAITING'. 

To my surprise without a word the MD, with bowed head, dragged himself out of the room and joined the girls. After I had finished fucking Reema in her ass hole Mala asked, 'Reema did you feel any pleasure?' 

'At first it really hurt like hell but then it was nice' Reema blushed. 

Arti shouted, 'AMIT COME YOU CAN NOW FUCK REEMA'S GAAND'. One by one all the four young studs fucked Reema in her ass hole. 

While we were resting we heard MD say, 'Sorry girls now I must go home. You have fucked my balls dry and my cock won't stand any more' followed by loud squeals of disappointed from the girls. Few minutes later he emerged fully dressed followed by four naked beauties. 

Going into the other bedroom he said, 'Come Kala let us go home'. 

'You go alone I am having a great time. There is still lot of life in the lunds of these young studs' Kala moaned. 

'No we will go home together. Ram stop fucking my wife and let her get up' MD ordered. 

'RAM DON'T YOU DARE. OH I AM ABOUT TO CUM. Y..HES HARDER. RAM FASTER. OH I AM THERE. GODDDD I AAMMM COMMMMINNNNNG' Kala screamed as Ram grunted loudly signaling that he had also finished. 

'Sudha please come with us. Raju's cock is dead and I am still feeling horny maybe we can do something together?' Kala said. 

'Sure but let us finish first' Sudha moaned. 

'What did mama mean by we can do something together' Reema asked in a whisper. 

'You will soon find out' Arti grinned. 

'Hey Kala you both are not serious about leaving. I want to fuck you again' Sham said. 

'Sorry darling but I must leave. My lord and master commands. We will come some other day but without him then you can fuck us as often as you like' Kala replied. 

'Ashu my boy this way it will take hours. Fuck her harder. Yes and faster' Kala prompted. 

'OH Y..HES. THIS FEELS GOOD. Oh YES. OH YESSS. OH OHHH YYYEEESSSSSS' Sudha squealed as she came. 

'Ashu haven't you finished?' Kala asked impatiently. 

'NO, NOT YET BUT I AM ABOUT TO CUM. YESS OHHHHHH' he sighed as he came. 
