 The part 8 ended with these lines:

'Come Razia let us locate him,' Rama suggested. I followed them. They found Ram in the shower. Giggling like schoolgirls they pulled him out of the shower with soap all over his body. As he was they pushed him on the bed. 

'Razia you give him your pussy to eat while I suck his cock,' Rama shouted. 

Outside I saw the MD eating Shabnam's pussy while Arti gave him a blowjob. This set the trend for the day. 

We fucked, sucked and fucked, resting, eating and drinking only to recharge our batteries. By nine at night we were all exhausted and the party broke up. 

Next morning Razia went back promising to return and in the evening Ram, Sham, Ritu, Nitu, Amit, Ashu, Sara and Lila also boarded the train for their homes. 

'Come back whenever you like,' I said. 

'We will. We will,' they grinned back. 

Months went by. During this period we visited Razia a couple of times and she visited us. On her each visit we had a small get together. Seema's birthday was now only a week away. 

Now for part 9...

Few days before Seema's birthday Mala, Sudha, Reema, Arti and me sat discussing how to achieve our goal of deflowering Seema on her birthday. We all agreed that the MD would be on his guard this time and would never agree to us throwing Seema's birthday party. 

'Sudha do you think we have to be careful about Kala also?' Arti asked. 

'No not in my opinion. Kala is very pragmatic about this. She knows that one day her daughters are going to be fucked. It hardly matters to her if it is today or tomorrow,' Sudha replied. 

'If this is so then maybe we can take her in confidence about our intentions?' I asked. 

'No don't do that she would never actively conspire to have Seema screwed but if it happens she won't interfere,' Sudha replied. 

'Will there be a party at all?' Arti inquired. 

'Definitely. Seema is her papa's favourite. He has promised her a party and he will keep his word but the mute question is where will it be held?' Reema replied. 

'Is Seema still enamoured by her pussy eating English teacher, what is her name I forgot ah yes, Miss Breganza,' Arti asked. 

'Unfortunately yes,' Mala replied, 'this makes the task even more difficult'. 

Just then the phone rang. MD was on the line. 'Randy I have called to invite you and Arti to Seema's birthday party on Saturday,' he said. 

'Thank you sir,' I responded, 'but why do you take the trouble of giving a party. We could have easily arranged it here like we did on Reema's birthday,' I said grinning into the receiver. 

'Randy, do you think I am a fool,' MD said laughing loudly, 'and let my innocent daughter come to your flat so that you can pop her cherry also. No way my friend, this time the party will be held at my house. I am warning you that any attempt by you to fuck her will be severely dealt with'. 

'Sir you are unduly suspicious of me,' I lied, 'I have no designs on Seema's virginity'. 

'Maybe not but I believe in that caution is better part of valor,' MD laughed, 'see you both at five on Saturday,' and rang off. 

'It was the MD inviting us to Seema's birthday do on Saturday at his residence,' I told the others. 

'But why did you say that you had no designs on her virginity?' Mala asked. 

'To make him feel more complacent and also to make sure that he does not change the venue,' I replied. 

'How does holding the party at the house help us?' Sudha asked. 

'While talking to him an idea came to my mind. I thought that maybe we could do it the same way Pushpa lost her virginity,' I said. 

'Who is Pushpa and what happened?' Sudha asked. Mala told her how Pushpa lost her cherry. 

'This is all fine but I still do not see the point,' Sudha said. 

'Hold it,' Arti said, 'I have a plan. Her love for pussy eating will be her down fall'. Arti then proceeded to explain her plan in detail. After fine tuning the plan we all agreed to follow it.

On Saturday Arti and I reached MD's house at sharp five. After the usual cake cutting etc. the younger crowd switched on the music system to listen to the latest hits and we all sat making small talk. 

'Sir it has been a long time since we all had some fun together,' Arti said, 'how about now?' 

'Why not the music is too loud for me anyway,' MD replied leading the way to his study. Arti lingered behind. 'Mala remember to give her four biscuits to eat and no more,' she whispered to Mala. 

'Don't worry I will do the needful,' Mala assured. 

When in the study we all undressed except for Sudha. 'What is with you my dear aren't you going to show us your choot today?' MD asked. 

'It will not help. I am not well,' Sudha replied. 

'Meri jaan agar teri choot bimaar hai tau kya hua hum teri gaand tau maar sakte hain (Darling how does it matter if your cunt is sick but we can still fuck you in your ass hole),' MD smiled. 

'Jab koyi meri gaand maarna chahega tab main bhi kapdre uttar doongi (When anybody wants to fuck me in my butt then I will also undress),' Sudha replied evenly. 

While the MD and Sudha were discussing the status of Sudha's cunt I laid Kala on the large divan and started to fuck her. Losing interest in the condition of Sudha's choot the MD, pulling Arti down on the large divan next to us said, 'Arti my dear let us also start. Randy and Kala are already ahead of us,' and prepared to enter her. 

'No wait,' Arti said, 'this is no fun. Eat my pussy and make me beg you to fuck me'. 

'Sure if that is what you want,' MD said taking Arti in his arms. While the MD cuddled and coddled Arti I fucked Kala with hard and fast strokes. 

Soon Arti was moaning with pleasure. 'Oh sir it is lovely,' she moaned, 'lick harder'. 

Kala was in throes of pleasure. She was moaning loudly and her bottoms were moving in rhythm of my strokes. 

'OH SIR PUT YOUR TONGUE INSIDE MY CHOOT,' Arti screamed, 'YES THAT IS WAY. TONGUE FUCK ME'. 

'OH RANDY FASTER. Y...HES HARDER. GOD IT FEELS SO GOOODDD,' Kala shouted. I continued to ram my cock into her choot as fast and hard as I could. 

'OH SIR STOP. I CAN"T BEAR IT ANY MORE,' Arti shouted, 'OH FUCK ME. PUT YOUR BIG COCK INSIDE MY CHOOT AND FUCK ME AS YOU HAVE NEVER FUCKED ME BEFORE'. 

'No I won't not yet,' MD laughed, 'first beg me'.

'OH PLEASE SIR I BEG YOU,' Arti pleaded, 'FUCK ME'.

'Arti now I will make mince meat out of your choot,' the MD laughed ramming his cock up Arti's cunt. 

'AAAAHHHHH IT IS SO LOVELY,' Arti sighed. 

'Y...HES RANDY Y..HES. DON"T STOP. Y..HES JUST A FEW MORE STROKES. Y..HES! Y..HES! OOOHHHH RANDDDDYYYY I AMMMM COOMMMMMIIIIINNNNGGGGGGG,' Kala screamed. At that moment with a loud satisfied grunt I poured my seed into her waiting choot. 

'OH! Randy this was the best fuck ever,' Kala panted, 'we must do it again'. 

'Sure my love,' I replied lighting a cigarette. 

Just then as per Arti's plan Sudha came in. 'Randy come with me for a minute,' she said softly.

'Sure,' I replied and whispered to Kala, 'darling I will be right back'. 

'Okay, but don't be too long. I will be waiting,' Kala sighed. 

The MD was so intent on making mince meat out of Arti's choot that he did not notice this small exchange. Sudha and I crept out of the room. Sudha led me to Seema's room. Seema was lying naked on the bed with her legs spread wide in the air. 

Mala was busy eating her pussy. 'OH DIDI PUSH YOUR TONGUE DEEPER INTO MY CHOOT. I TELL YOU THE ITCH IS HIGHER. YES MUCH DEEPER,' Seema screamed. 

'Seema this is best I can do. I can't go any deeper your hymen is in way,' Mala panted. 

'OH BREAK THE STUPID HYMEN BUT INSERT YOUR TONGUE AS DEEP AS YOU CAN,' Seema gasped. 

'Seema my dear look who is here,' Sudha announced. 

Seema turned head towards me and saw me standing naked with my cock in the air. 'Oh Randy I am sooo glad that you are here,' Seema cooed, 'Mala's tongue is not long enough. Tum apna laurda meri choot main ghusserd kar yeh khujli mita do (Shove your cock in my cunt and put an end to this itch)'. 

'Mera laurda teri kori choot ko phard dega (My cock will deflower you),' I replied moving the fore skin up and down in anticipation of taking her virginity. 

'Phard do meri choot ko lakin iss khujli se mujhe chutkara dila do (Deflower me but give me relief from this damned itch),' Seema begged. 

'As you like my dear,' I said and lay down on top of her and rubbed my cock between her cunt lips. Sudha winked at Reema and said softly, 'Reema now do your thing'. 

Reema standing in the open door shouted, 'PAPA AAP WAHAN ARTI KO CHOD RAHE HAIN AUR YAHAN RANDY SEEMA KI KORI CHOOT PHARDENE KI TAYYARI KAR RAHA HAI (PAPA YOU ARE FUCKING ARTI THERE BUT HERE RANDY IS PREPARING TO DEFLOWER SEEMA)'. 

'OH RANDY WHAT ARE YOU DOING PUT IT IN,' Seema gasped loudly, 'BY RUBBING YOUR COCK ON MY SLIT YOU ARE ONLY INCREASING THE ITCH'. 

'Give me a moment my dear,' I replied, 'I will soon deal with the itch'. 

'W...W..WHAT ARE YOU SAYING RANDY IS HERE FUCKING YOUR MAMA,' we heard the MD shout back, 'KALA WHERE IS RANDY?'

We could not hear Kala's reply distinctly. 'YOU STUPID BITCH WHY DID YOU LET HIM LEAVE. DO YOU KNOW THAT HE IS ABOUT TO DEFLOWER SEEMA,' MD screamed at Kala, 'GOD I MUST GO AND PREVENT SEEMA FROM LOSING HER VIRGINITY'. 

'HEY! STOP YOU CAN'T LEAVE NOW,' Arti shouted, 'I AM ABOUT TO CUM'. 

'ARTI LET GO OF MY HAND I CAN MAKE YOU CUM LATER,' MD pleaded, 'BUT IF SEEMA LOSES HER VIRGINITY IT WILL BE GONE FOREVER'. 

There was a sound of a scuffle and MD entered the room dragging Arti, who still held on to his arm trying to stop him, followed by a dreamy eyed Kala. 

Seeing that my cock was still at the entrance of Seema's choot and not inside it the MD cried, 'Randy don't. Please Randy, don't deflower my darling daughter Seema. I beg of you'. 

For a moment I hesitated. 'Randy kayka intezaar hai phard de isski choot (Randy what are you waiting for pop her cherry),' Sudha urged. 

'No Randy no, don't listen to her. Spare Seema's virginity,' MD pleaded. 

'Randy don't listen to my papa do what aunt Sudha says and pop my cherry,' Seema panted. 

'As you wish my dear,' I said and taking a firm grip of her applied pressure to enter her virgin cunt. 

'RAAAANNNNDDDYYY NOOOO,' MD shouted and grabbed my hips to stop my progress but it was futile. My cock pressed in. 

'OWWA,' Seema cried as the head of cock disappeared into her wet choot. I continued to press. Seema's eyes widened in surprise and her mouth opened. 

'AAAA,' she cried as her hymen stretched and wrapped itself around my phallus. Suddenly the thin membrane tore. 'AAAAAAYYYYYIIIIIIEEEE GOD RANDY THAT HURT,' Seema screamed with pain as my cock buried itself deep inside her and I started the fuck motion. 

'Oh Randy what have done,' MD wailed. 

'Randy ne Seema ki kori choot phard di hai aur ab usse chod raha hai (Randy has deflowered Seema and is now he fucking her),' Sudha said laughing wickedly. 

Ignoring her comment the MD said, 'Randy you told me on phone that you had no design on Seema's virginity then why did you take it?' I stopped pumping to answer him. 

'Yes sir I did b.....' I started but Seema interrupted me. 

'Shut up papa this is no time for the Spanish Inquisition. Let him finish fucking me first then you can cross examine him,' Seema said then turning to me added, 'Randy darling main chahati hoon ki ab tum mujhe chodo (Randy darling I want you to fuck me now)'. 

'Darling your wish is my command,' I said and resumed pumping her choot.

'Bravo! Well said my dear,' Sudha said clapping gleefully. 

'You seem to be very pleased with this sordid affair,' MD said sarcastically to Sudha. 

'Why not? It is a part of my revenge,' Sudha replied cuttingly. 

'WHAT AGAIN! I thought we had dealt with it already,' MD asked surprised. 

'No that was for humiliating me and this is for turning my dear husband's dream company into a den of debauchery,' Sudha replied tersely. 

'God! With friends like you I don't need enemies,' MD muttered softly and fell weakly into an easy chair. 

'Oh Randy it feels soooo goood,' Seema sighed. I was enjoying myself and started to fuck her tight choot harder. I felt her bottoms twitch with pleasure. I increased the speed of my strokes. 

'Oh it is getting better and better. Y...HES FUCK ME HARDER. Y...HES LIKE THIS. GODDD I AM ABOUT TO CUM. Y...HES RANDY FASTER. OH! OH! I AM THERE. JUST A FEW MORE STROKES YESSSS I AAAMMM COOMMMMIIINNNGGGGGG,' she shouted and fell back breathing hard. As it was my second fuck I was not ready to come yet and continued to move the in and out motion. 

After a few minutes her hips started to move in the rhythm of my strokes. 'Oh Randy I think I am going to cum again. OH DON'T STOP. Y..HES DARLING FUCK ME HARDER AND FASTER. Y..HES RANDY MORE. Y..HES MORE'. Suddenly her body arched. 'OH RANDY I CAN'T HOLD IT ANY LONGER. OHHHH RAAANNNDDDDYYYYY,' Seema screamed gasping for breath. 

After few more strokes her cunt received a man's seed for the first time. We lay in a tight embrace kissing and savoring the intense emotion we had just experienced. When our kiss broke Seema sighed, 'This was thousand, no million times better than what Miss Breganza does to me'.

Suddenly MD came to life. 'Who is this Miss Breganza?' he inquired. 

'Just a woman who was trying to turn your darling daughter into a lesbian,' Sudha retorted. 

'The bitch,' he said, 'all right Randy now answer my question. Why did you do it?'

'The truth is that I had no choice,' I replied, 'when I came into the room Seema was lying naked with her legs spread wide in the air. Spotting me she said "Randy please fuck me". Being a gentleman I complied with her demand'.

'Seema is that right?' MD asked his daughter. 

'Yes papa that is exactly what I said,' Seema replied, 'Randy please fuck me again'. 

'Of course my love,' I replied. 'AAAHHHH,' she sighed as I slid my cock into her tight choot. 

'God what is with my girls,' MD lamented shaking his head, 'for them there is no other man in world other than Randy. First Mala gives him her cherry, then Reema and now Seema'.

'Why not! Randy is a sexy man with a huge cock,' Kala said, 'if I was a virgin today I would have gladly let him pop my cherry'. 

'Kala do you ever think of anything else other that big cocks and fucking?' MD retorted sarcastically. 

'Of course I do,' Kala replied indignantly and giggling naughtily added, 'but only sometimes'. Everyone laughed but the MD muttered 'horny bitch,' softly to himself. 

When we had finished fucking, Sudha inquired grinning devilishly, 'Randy kya tum Seema ki gaand nahin maaroge? (Randy aren't you going to fuck Seema in her ass hole?)'. 

'Of course I was just thinking about it,' I replied, 'Seema turn around and get on all fours'.

'Randy, please spare her that. It is too painful,' MD said looking angrily at Sudha. 

'Sorry sir I must. Remember your advice or shall I remind you again,' I replied, 'Seema you want me to don't you?' 

'No Seema, don't agree. Have you seen how big Randy,' cock is and if it goes into your tiny ass hole it will kill you,' MD warned Seema.

'Darling no one has yet died from a butt fuck. Yes it will pain a little but you will enjoy it,' Sudha pressed.

Seema looked a bit confused at the contradicting advises. 

'Auntie is right,' Mala chipped in, 'Ek din Randy teri gaand zaroor maarega achcha hoga ki tu aaj hee marwale (Randy is going to fuck your ass hole one-day then why not today). His lund has been inside my gaand and I am still alive and kicking'.

For a moment Seema hesitated then slowly turned around on all fours.

'Seema don't let him do it I beg of you. Nothing has happened yet, you can still change your mind,' MD pleaded with Seema.

'Papa what is the use, as didi says one day Randy will take my ass hole cherry, I think it is better that I let him do it today and get over with it'. 

The MD wanted to say some thing but Sudha intervened, 'Raju you have heard her decision so now shut up. Mala you apply cream on Randy's shaft while I prepare Seema's ass hole'. 

Few minutes later Sudha said, 'The bride is ready'. 

'So am I,' I replied. Spreading her butt cheeks I placed the tip of my cock on her small rear entrance and pressed for entry. The wrinkles of her puckered rear entrance smoothened as it stretched under the pressure of my cock.

'RANDY STOP. IT IS HURTING ME,' she screamed. Instead of relaxing I tightened my grip and increased the pressure. 

'NOOOO MAINE GAAND NAHIN MARWAANI (I DON'T WANT MY ASS HOLE FUCKED). RANDY PLEASE STOP. GOD I WILL DIE OF PAIN,' Seema yelled, 'MAMA PLEASE HELP ME. ASK RANDY TO STOP'.

'Sorry my dear you should have listened to your papa, now nobody can help,' Kala said, 'I suggest that you relax and take Randy's cock up your ass like a man'. 

Just then, 'AAAAAAYYYYYYIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEE,' she screamed at top of her voice as her sphincter snapped open and half my cock buried itself inside her butt. One more push and I was fully inside. 'GOD IT HURTS,' Seema groaned as I started the fuck motion. 


'Kala please take me to my room. I am feeling giddy and weak,' the MD said. 

As Kala helped the MD out of the easy chair Sudha remarked rubbing her butt, 'When he did it to me he said it is a must but when it is done to his own flesh and blood then sir feels giddy and weak'. 

'Sudha shut up haven't you done enough for one day,' Kala said tersely. 

Without missing a stroke I continued to fuck Seema's tight gaand and simultaneously rubbed her choot with one hand. Soon her groans of pain turned into moans of pleasure. 'Randy don't stop I am about to cum,' Seema moaned. 

'Darling I am also about to finish,' I replied. Few more strokes and we both came together. 

'Seema was it nice?' Reema asked.

'Seema was it nice,' Seema mimicked Reema, 'jab Randy ka phauladi laurda teri gaand main gussega tab main poonchoongi kaissa laga (When Randy's huge cock goes into your ass hole then I will ask you was it nice)'. 

'You wouldn't be saying this if you knew what happened on my eighteenth birthday,' Reema replied cheerfully. 

'What took place? Tell me, tell me,' Seema asked excitedly. 

'Arti you tell her,' Reema requested.

Arti told her everything in minute detail. 

'WOW! So many cocks Seema you must have been ecstatic,' Reema bubbled. 

'Yes I was,' Reema replied dreamily.

'Reema I am very angry with you. Why did you not invite me?' Seema said pouting.

'How could I you were not here,' Reema replied. 

'Not here? Then where was I,' Seema said tapping her head with her forefinger.

'Darling you had gone to visit your mausi (Aunt - mother's sister),' Sudha clarified. 

'Oh yes but if I recall correctly it was you who persuaded me to go. Aunty why?' Seema asked puzzled. 

'Because if you had been present then Randy could not have taken Reema's cherry,' Sudha explained. 

'Why not? Randy could have popped my cherry too,' Seema declared. 

'No, you were still too young,' Sudha clarified, 'enough of this let us proceed. The next item on the agenda is pussy eating'.

While Arti, Sudha and Mala ate Seema's pussy and she, in turn ate theirs I fucked Reema. After we had finished we adjourned for dinner. Kala joined us at the table. 

'Where is the MD? Isn't he going to eat?' I asked her. 

'He was very depressed and with great difficulty I got him to sleep. The events of tonight were a little too much for him,' Kala replied. 

'This happened to Reema also but he took that in his stride and secondly Seema would have lost her cherry sooner or later,' Arti said. 

'Seema is his darling and watching her being fucked and unable to prevent it depressed him,' Kala explained, 'don't worry by morning he will get over it'. 

After dinner I asked, 'Seema how about some dessert?'

'Sure I love sweet. Mama what have you made?' Seema asked excitedly.
