 Bruno and Tina have been in a lasting relationship for four years now. Both approaching their early thirties, they have discussed a few times of tying the knot. But, both agree that they are comfortable in their current situation and outside of some pressure from a few family members, they decide to remain in their current status. 

They have always been very sexually active with each other. Tina being more willing than Bruno to new ideas and sexual games, has recently convinced him to broaden their scope of reality. Tina is the one that showed Bruno how exciting it is to have sex in public places. The thrill of almost getting caught gave him the best orgasm he has ever had. That, combined with a few other "out of the ordinary" sex games has made Bruno a thrill junkie, if you will. Tina has enjoyed their new found intensity. But tonight, Bruno has something special in store for his sweetie, Tina. This is his story. 

I met up at our favorite pub with my two best buds in the world, Zorn and Tonk. We go back to high school together. These guys know me better than anyone. We would do anything for each other, and I mean anything. 

Zorn is a tall man with golden blonde hair. He stands about six feet five inches tall and is solid muscle. Not bulky, but solid. His eyes of emeralds seem to magnetize women to him. He has had as many as three on the line at one time, and managed all three quite well, a true cocks man. 

Tonk is of Italian descent. He is average height and stature and has short brown hair and dark bedroom brown eyes. We call him Tonk, because he went through the first gulf war and never even got scratched. He is kind of indestructible, you know, like the Tonka toys. His easing smile with his white teeth against the olive dark skin are stark when he smiles at you. He too, is in great shape physically. He has more of a weightlifters physique than does Zorn. His arms are thick with sculptured muscles and his chest is broad and tapers down perfectly to his thin waist line. But I would have to say that his, pardon the pun, biggest sexual attribute is his cocks size. It's a full five inches limp. How would I know? Hey, I told you we have done everything together, you know, gym class in high school?! 

Me? I'm just an average size man, five eight and trim. I was more of the stay at home type. My red hair is styled, not cut. I have a goatee and a mustache, neatly trimmed of course. Tonk and Zorn tease me all the time that I should have been a hippie or a beatnik. While they were more into football and chasing skirts, I was into music and smoking good herb. Don't ask me how we ever managed to become best buds, because of the different lifestyles, I still can't understand it. All I know is, I'm glad that we are. 

Now, there is Tina. She came from a small suburban family. She has one sister, who is older than her. Her Mom and Dad are the typical suburbanites. He was white collar, she was a professional Mom. Tina's sister was prim and proper and fit in quite well with her proper upbringing. But, not Tina. She was and still is the "wild child". She was the one who stayed in constant trouble for slipping out to party at night. She had more boyfriends by the time she was fifteen than her sister had even to this day. I'm guessing that's where she learned about being so sexual. She is mellowing a bit, because of our long standing relationship. She tells me that she is and has been true blue to me, and I believe her. 

Tina is incredible. She has shoulder length brown hair and ice blue colored eyes. Her complexion is like that of a China doll, smooth and creamy and without any blemishes, and trust me, I've scoured every inch of her, I should know. Her boobs are thirty six C and very pert. Or as Zorn says, she's all meat and no potatoes. At five nine, she stands an inch taller than me. Her legs are the longest I've ever seen on a woman her size. And she knows how to use all of her attributes. Tight shirts or low cut to parade her breasts and short skirts to accent her long lean legs. But most of all is her attitude. When she smiles at you, you feel like melting. Her openness and willingness to damned near any suggestion, once you get inside of her heart, make her a rare find, and she's mine. 

Tonight, I, along with my best friends, will take her to a new found height of decadence she has never been before. We orchestrated our play while we were at the pub. I stressed the importance of Zorn and Tonk not to say anything in the beginning, especially Tonk. Tina would expect Zorn to be there, being that it was his place we would be hosting our delight for her. 

He had a full basement at his place. It was completely finished to his liking. The ceiling in his weight room was painted dark and the walls were paneled with dark wood siding. The floor was thick with a deep forest green carpet. He had a light rack in the ceiling above the middle of the room where his weight bench sat. When he worked out, there was one spot light aimed directly down at the bench. The rest of the room was dark. He had a stereo system built in that would rival if not be in envy of a professional disco. There were three lush chairs against the wall of the room. We have spent many a night in the dark room listening to great music and smoking my blended herb. 

But now it was time for me to surprise Tina. We had just left ourfavorite pub after a fantastic dinner of her favorite seafood dish of lobster tail and shrimp. She was in great spirits as well as I was. I guess my mood of excitement spilled over into her psyche because she was grabbing my ass as we walked to our car at the pub. I opened the door for her and she sat down, then leaned to open my door as I walked around the car. 

"I'm so fucking horny tonight Bruno, Baby". 

"Good! I'm going to give you something that you've never had, tonight," I replied. 

I guess she thought I was just taunting her with my talk, because she imitated a cat purring after what I'd just said. I looked at her as she sat, her feet up on the dash and legs slightly apart. Her short skirt slid above her hips and I could see that she was not wearing any panties at all. Her pussy lips were void of any hair as well as a thin strip of her pelt just above her pubic bone. Her hand went directly to her moist crotch as she began to rub her soft smooth lips. 

I reached my right hand over to replace her own hand as I steered thecar down the highway toward Zorn's place with my left hand. 

"Hey Baby, mind if we stop at Zorn's for a while?" 

"Ohhhhh, But I'm so damned horny, Bruno. I just want you to fuck me good and hard. Can't we stop there tomorrow?," she pleaded. 

"I have a special treat for you, and I have to stop at Zorn's to get it for you. C'mon Babe, I promise you'll find it worth the time to stop," I explained. 

She nuzzled her head against my shoulder while my fingers worked between her hot pussy. "Okay, I suppose," she said. 

We were another ten minutes from Zorn's place, and my roaming fingers had her lathered up pretty well. I had slipped a finger inside of her hot twat, then back out to smear her slippery juices over her hard clit. Just as I had turned onto the street where Zorn lived, she gasped, then moaned as her body quaked slightly as her first orgasm rushed through her loins and onto my probing fingers. I rubbed her clit softer as she began to regain a normal rate of breathing. She looked at me with glazed eyes and thanked me for her release. I didn't say a word. I just took the fingers from her snatch and licked them clean while she watched. As I had removed all of her nectar from my fingers, we were in the driveway. 

I got out and opened the door for Tina. She stumbled a bit at first,partly from her shuddering climax and partly from the herb and wine that she had induced earlier. She was very relaxed to say the least, but very awake. 

The house was dark. "He either isn't home or he has gone to bed. Let's just go home," she urged. 

"He's home. Trust me, he is expecting us. He's just in the den downstairs." 

I used my key to open the side door. We walked straight ahead from the side door and opened the downstairs door. When I opened that door, we could see a faint hint of light from the one spot light in the weight room. At the bottom of the stairs, Tina excused herself to hit the ladies room at the left of the steps. I told her that I would be in the room with Zorn. She knew where it was, as we had been there several times before to party with Zorn and his friends. 

I walked into the dark room and made it to the chairs on the dark side.I couldn't really see that well and spoke in a low tone. "Everything Ready?" 

Zorn's voice came from no more than three feet from me, even though I still hadn't gotten my eyes adjusted yet and still couldn't see him. "Of course it's ready," he said confidently. 

Then I heard Tonk from the other side say, "This is going to be fun." 

I stripped nude before I sat in the middle chair. When I sat down, my ass felt something on the cushion. By now, my eyes were accustomed to the darkness and when I retrieved the item, I saw that it was a leather mask. I slid it over my head. It had openings for my eyes and mouth. I looked at Zorn and Tonk and could see that they too, were wearing masks. 

"Shit, bro, I hope this doesn't freak her out." 

Zorn replied back in his usual calm smooth tone, "Hell no brother. Shewon't see them until we are almost finished with our deeds. See the blindfold on the bench?" As I spotted the black satin blindfold, he continued, "She'll have that on until you tell her to take it off, then when she does, she still wont see who it is." 

I was getting more excited from the deviance of all of it, more so for Tina as well as for myself. This is probably the last thing that she'd expect from me. Tonight I would share my truest love with my best buds in the whole world, as well as sharing my best buds with my truest love. 

Tina came stumbling into the dark room, her eyes squinting to see. Thetunes from the overhead speakers filled the room with a sultry tune. I spoke from my dark corner. "Hi sexy. Stop at the bench for me Babe." She did as I asked. "How about doing a strip tease for me, you know, slow and sexy." 

She shocked all of us when she said, "Hiya Zorn. Want me to dance for You, too?" 

We all held our breath thinking that she could some how see the darkness and spot the three of us, spoiling my surprise. I quickly deduced that she knew Zorn was going to be there. "Sure, Darlin. I would like that very much," Zorn said in his smooth calming tone. 

Tina began to sway her hips to the slow beat of the music. She began by removing her heels. Instead of kicking them off, she played the role well and turned with her back to where we sat. She bent over, straight legged, and began to remove each shoe. With her not wearing any panties, her firm sweet ass became exposed to our hungry eyes as she bent over. We could see the puffed lips of her twat peek through the slim crack between her thighs as well. Zorn moaned with delight. I could hear Tonk trying to suppress his breathing from the delectable sight, not wanting her to know that there were three studs to service her this night. 

Tina now worked on removing her blouse. As the sultry tune of a saxophone filled the room, she really began to put on a show. She slowly unbuttoned each button starting at the top. As each one fell free, the size and weight of her bosom strained the next button in succession. Now her top was completely opened just enough for her heavy breasts to swing freely under the sheer material but still not enough to expose them fully. 

We each kept our eyes glued to the jutting nipples as they rubbed the loose thin material, hoping at any second that they would be exposed to our eyes. Finally, Tina was nude as she tossed the frilly blouse to the floor and stood with her arms across her full boobs and one hand, palm down over her pussy. 

"Pirouette for us Baby," I said, my breathing becoming more rapid. 

Tina turned very slowly as we devoured her naked beautiful body. She paused with her ass facing us and swayed side to side in beat with the music. We all imagined how delicious she would taste and feel. 

"See the blindfold on the bench? Put it on and lie down on the bench for us, please," Zorn said. 

Tina did as he instructed. She always did like Zorn and Tonk. She had told me before that she wondered how they would be in the sack. She taunted me like that to get a rise from me as well as sharing her fantasies with me. It never bothered me, because these were my best friends. I was never jealous of them, mainly because I knew they would never infringe on my trust, nor would I on theirs. 

Tina slipped the satin blindfold on and lay on the bench. Her legs were extending out from the end of the bench by two feet. "Scoot you butt down to the end of the bench, Tina," 

Zorn told her. She did as he asked yet again. Now her legs were aside the narrow bench, feet on the floor and her glistening pussy at the very edge of it. 

It was our time. The three of us walked over to the bench where she laid. I grabbed her hands and placed her wrists in the fur lined cuffs that were attached to a thin chain. The chain was wrapped around the leg supports of the bench. With her shackled, she could only bring her hands to within a few inches from her face. This, I told her was so she couldn't remove the blindfold until we were ready to let her remove it. She just smiled. 

I was awed at the sight of the three of us standing beside her. We were all at full erection from her sexy strip tease and her magnificent body. Me and Zorn looked like throwbacks compared to Tonk. His cock was at its full eight inches and as thick as three inches at the base. I knew Tina would enjoy being filled by such a large cock. 

At first, we each took separate turns leaning down to tease her. First,Zorn leaned down and sucked one of her billowing boobs into his mouth as much as he could. He sucked hard as he lifted up, plopping the jiggling flesh from his suction with a pop. Within a second, I was leaning down to lick my long wet tongue between her soft pussy. I made sure that it grazed over her still hardened clit. Tina moaned as I did. 

Tonk was at her side by now, and as soon as I lifted my head, he sucked in her other boob into his hot mouth. He kept his suction a bit longer than Zorn had. I could see the muscles under his chin move, then I knew that he was swabbing her nipple with his wet tongue. Again, as Tonk lifted up, Zorn licked a long firm lick down from her navel to the top of her mound and stopped a fraction from hitting her clit. 

Her excitement was growing more obvious with each taunt. Her nippleswere stretched away from her soft creamy mounds with excitement. Her twat was now oozing her clear liquid lust from her slightly parted pussy lips. The trail of excitement drooled between her firm thighs and rested on the bench just below her asshole. 

I motioned in mime to Tonk, that we should simultaneously grab her, himat her breasts, and me between her thighs. When we did, Tina let out a louder moan. She was being pawed by two men at the same time, and didn't know where we would attack next. Tonk squeezed her boobs in each hand, causing the full mounds to lift skyward. After he had them perched at their peak, he swabbed first one then the other nipple with his fast moving tongue. 

At the very instant I saw what he was doing, I placed my palms on the insides of her thighs and pushed her legs apart. I leaned in and dipped my tongue into her pussy as far as it would reach. Her inner heat was apparent as her pussy engulfed my tongue and bathed it with pussy juice. I lapped like a cat at a cup of warm cream. 

Tina's hips were lifting up from the bench as I licked at her center. Icould tell that she was nearing her peak as her thighs tremble when she is about to cum. Of course I wasn't ready for her to get relief just yet, so I stopped my oral play. She let out a deep sigh as she felt me move away. 

By now, Zorn was more than ready to find an opened spot for him to getin on the action. I motioned for him to take my place and I slid under the bench as he took my place, except he came at her pussy from the top instead of between her legs. He straddled her tummy legs aside the bench. He leaned down and began to swab his thick tongue between her slit. He took his thick hands and placed them under each of her ass cheeks and pulled them far apart. This left her little asshole exposed to the air. 

I grabbed the sides of the bench with my hands and lifted my chest upuntil it touched the bottom of it. This placed my face and mouth a mere half inch from her exposed anus. While Tonk slathered her tits with his hot tongue and Zorn slithered his between her folds and over her stiff trigger, I exhaled. Tina now knew there was more than two men taking her. We could all feel her tense up, but I just stuck my tongue out and flicked her asshole. 

"Augh, Fuccccck!," Tina screamed, as she unleashed a torrent of pussyjuice from her depths. Zorn lapped like a mad man trying to slurp down all the juice that wept from her seeping twat. I got the overflow that cascaded between her thighs and onto my tongue at her bung. Tonk was squeezing her tits hard now while she came. his tongue danced wildly over the hard nipples. 

After a few minutes Tina's body began to relax from its tense state.Before she could ask, and I knew she would ask, I removed her blindfold. I'm not sure what set her off the most, our oral taunts on her, or her not knowing who the third person was. She squinted through the light above her to focus on the three forms that surrounded her. Much to her dismay, with our masks on, she seemed even more confounded. She knew who two of us were, but looked rapidly at each of us as her mind reduced the score down to the one she didn't know. 

"Hey, no fair!," she protested as she looked at each mask. 

I couldn't help but chuckle and remove my mask. Zorn was of the same mind and took his off, too. After a couple of minutes of staring at Tonk in his mask, she smiled and said in her sexiest voice, "Hiya, Tonk, Baby." He then removed his mask. 

We didn't let any more than a minute or two elapse before we dove backonto her reclining form. I did untie her hands before we began again, however. I took a position between her spread legs and glided my hard six inch cock between her soft puffy lips. I felt her stiff clit rub the sensitive under side of my cock as I slid up then down my full length on her hairless twat. I looked up momentarily from what I was doing to see Zorn and Tonk on either side of her head. She was painting their cocks and balls with her thick spit. I never in a million years dreamed that I would be turned on by seeing "My" girl sucking another guys cock, but I was. 

What Zorn lacked in cock size compared to Tonk's, he made up for in nutsize. They were like small apples dangling at her mouth in that thinly veined nut sac. Tina had her hands, and mouth full with these two. She would struggle to turn her head and try and take Tonk's cock into her mouth fully. Wasn't going to happen. He was just too big. Then she would turn the other way and suck and lick at Zorn's huge balls. She liked to suck mine into her mouth and lick them, and she could do so easily. But not with Zorn. His balls would only make it about half way into her wide open mouth before she just couldn't take any more. 

By now, I was using my cock to thrust deeply into her. I was rubbing myslippery thumb over her clit as I pumped in and out of her. It paid off. She had Tonk's oversized cock in her mouth half way when she let out a loud muffled moan. She came hard on my cock. I could feel her muscles grasp at my cock shaft with each quaking convulsion. She just hummed on Tonk's cock as she rode her wave of ecstasy. She also had a death grip on Zorn's balls while she came. His head was thrown backward. I'm not sure if it was from pain or excitement. Soon she relinquished all three of us as she fell back down to earth from her crashing climax. 
