 My old girlfriend Denise and I had a lot of fun together. She was curvy, hot, and completely uninhibited. She loved sex and so did I. She could be a little dominant at times and enjoyed indulging in fantasies. In a previous story I told about how she wanted to watch two men fuck so we hooked up with a gay friend of hers from the LGBTQ choir she sang with. I fucked her friend Luiz good and hard and then both Luiz and I fucked Denise. That was super hot for all three of us and it ignited a passion in Denise to see me again with another man, but this time as the bottom instead of the top. 

She started talking about her fantasy one night while we were laying in bed after some torrid lovemaking.

"Sweetie—remember that time last month when you fucked Luiz after the concert? God! That was so fucking hot. I mean, I never realized two men fucking would be so hot. It was primal and masculine and there was plenty of cock."

"How could I forget, dear? Luiz is kinda cute and he's got a nice, tight ass. It felt good wrapped around my cock like that. I liked it so much that sometimes I wonder... if I didn't love tits so much I might be gay."

"I know! Aren't tits awesome? They're soft and squishy and round and beautiful."

With that comment, I rolled over and started sucking on one of her delicious nipples.

"Mmmmmph! That feels so good, baby! You just keep doing that while I tell you about my new idea."

I pulled off her tit and asked, "New idea? What new idea?"

"Well, I loved seeing you fuck Luiz like you did but he never fucked you. I bet it would be twice as hot to see my big, tall, strong boyfriend getting fucked by another man. I love watching you take it in the ass from my strapon. I can only imagine how hot it would be for you to take a real cock with me there to watch."

"Mmmm... that could be fun. You know I love a good butt-fucking, whether it's you or some hung stud from one of the clubs on Broadway."

"I've been thinking... I've become pretty good friends with another of the baritones from the choir. His name is Bryant. He's a few years older than us but he's really gorgeous and, from what I hear, he's got a nice-sized cock. Would you like to play with it while I watch? Huh?"

"I think I could be persuaded. When do you want to do this?"

"Tomorrow night is Saturday. I'm free. If you're free, then I will call Bryant and set it all up."

"Mmmmm. Sounds like fun. Count me in!"

With that, she whipped out her phone and texted Bryant. Within about five minutes she had a plan together. He was going to come by her place at 9pm and we were going to get together for some erotic fun.

Saturday night couldn't come fast enough. I was half-hard and felt like I was on the edge of cumming all day long. Awaiting my date with Denise and Bryant had me tied up in nerves of anticipation. At long last, Denise showed up at my place to pick me up. She knocked on my door and I opened it to find her standing there in a trench coat and fedora. I pulled her inside for a passionate kiss. After the kiss she stepped back and opened the trench coat to show me that she was wearing a black underwire bra, garter belt, stockings, and leather skirt.

"Damn, woman! You really know how to dress to turn me on!"

"Good. I want you to be so horny by the time Bryant comes over that you're practically begging for his cock.

"Why? So you can have a taste of it?"

"Maybe," she said with a wicked gleam in her eye, "Maybe I just might like to have a ride on his nice, hard, silky cock—after he's done fucking you with it, of course."

"Well, you can do whatever he wants once I'm done milking it with my nice, tight ass!"

I intentionally played up the innuendo for her benefit.

After some more deep kissing we piled into her car and made our way across town to her place. She kept teasing at my cock the whole way, wanting to make sure I was super horny when we got there.

Once we were inside, Denise led me to her bedroom. We started kissing and then she pulled out one of her favorite dildos and some lube.

"I assume those are for the preliminary round, correct?" I said with a sly smile.

"I want to make sure you're good and ready for Bryant. Now take your pants off and lay back on the bed for me and I'll see that you feel *REALLY* good."

I didn't hesitate to strip down to nothing and then I laid back on the bed with my knees pulled up so Denise had easy access to my ass. She started by caressing my asshole gently and then worked up to pressing a finger against it. That felt amazing and I wanted her to keep going. After only a few minutes she was inserting her finger into my ass and wiggling it around. Soon after that she slid a second finger in and I was getting nicely relaxed. My head was rolled back and my eyes were closed in ecstasy just waiting for the intrusion of the dildo into my hole next.

Before Denise was able to get her dildo into me, the doorbell rang. She got up to answer the door. She welcomed Bryant into her apartment and led him to the bedroom. When he saw me there on the bed, naked, with my legs up in the air and my head back, he took that as all the invitation he needed and immediately unzipped his fly and let his half-hard dick out. He started rubbing it across my lips in a sensual motion. In my almost frenzied state of horniness, I instantly took his dick in my mouth and started sucking it wantonly. I heard Denise gasp in delight, surprised at just how erotic the scene was for her. Bryant leaned in and started playing with one of my nipples.

"Hello there, stud. I'm Bryant and I'm going to fuck you tonight for your friend Denise's pleasure, and my own, of course. Get my dick good and slick so it glides right up your ass."

That was all the encouragement I needed to start sucking away greedily. I sucked and licked at his shaft for a few more minutes until he pulled away.

"Where's the condoms and lube? I need to be ready to enter this hot stud laying here."

Denise directed him to the rubbers and even helped him roll one on his sizable member. It was just over six inches and thicker than mine. I was starting to go crazy with anticipation of the strong fucking he was about to give me. Just at that time, he pulled me by the ankles to get me closer to the edge of the bed and then I felt his thighs up against my ass. Immediately after, I felt him guiding his firm, rubber-clad sheath into my ass. It felt heavenly as it gently stretched me out. In that moment I felt the primal, pulsing, rush of masculinity wash over me as he penetrated me. His cock was amazing as it filled me up completely. I felt powerful and fulfilled and lusty and crazed all at the same time.

"Ooooh, baby! That feels fucking awesome! I love your cock in me! Give it to me good!"

With that, he pressed fully in and I felt the sensation of fullness and completeness I had been missing. Sex is wonderful and fun but there's nothing so powerful and elemental and primal as a man pushing his cock into my ass. That's the ultimate sex act for me. I love fucking pussy and ass and getting blowjobs but nothing compares to a good cock in my ass.

Soon Bryant started his rhythm in and out. I could feel his firm cock glide in and out of my ass; each stroke was more heavenly than the last. I started involuntarily rolling my head back and forth in ecstasy as he kept pumping away into me. It was everything I loved and had dreamed of all in one delicious moment.

Denise was definitely enjoying herself while Bryant was fucking me. She had slid her leather skirt up around her midriff and was running her buzzing vibrator over her clit while fucking herself with the dildo from earlier. I could tell from the way she was rolling her head around that she was enjoying herself as much as I was enjoying myself. Bryant had settled into a steady fucking rhythm by then and was pounding my ass good. 

Denise soon started whimpering and then crying out; that meant she was hitting her first orgasm of the night. She soon yelled with a guttural moan and then her arms dropped limply to her sides as she ended her self-pleasuring with a thundering orgasm. Meanwhile, Bryant was getting close. I could feel his cockhead start to swell deep in my ass. The feeling was so intense that I started getting close to orgasm myself. In less than ten seconds he started to spasm and pump his sperm inside the condom in my ass. His throbbing in my ass caused me to shoot my load up my chest. Denise had started to come around by that time and climbed on the bed to help out. She started licking the cum off my chest and swallowing it while I was still shooting.

After a few more minutes Bryant pulled out of me and laid down on the bed with Denise and I. I felt amazing. My ass was still sore and gaping from his big-dicked assault but it felt so good. It was the feeling of having been used for pleasure and it felt amazing.

After a few minutes Denise got up off the bed and walked around to Bryant and started stroking his cock. I didn't know what she had in mind, but I wanted to be a part of it. Soon both of us were stroking him and then taking turns licking his dick. It didn't take long for him to get hard again and then she told us of the next phase of her plan.

"Boys, I'm going to ride Bryant's cock while he sucks your cock. I want to be watching you get your dick sucked while he's fucking me. Deal?"

We both answered nearly in unison, "Deal!"

Without any more delay I stood up off the bed and walked around to where Bryant's head was and offered him my cock. Meanwhile, Denise climbed on top of him and mounted him. I could see his cock buried in her snatch while he was sucking mine. It was a heavenly view. During that time, I could also watch my dick slide in and out of Bryant's mouth. I love cocks so much that sometimes I get off on the sight of my own cock and I have to stroke it right there. The sight of Bryant sucking me was so sexy that I didn't notice that Denise had him nearly ready to shoot his load also. She started grinding on him even harder, rubbing her clit hard against his pubic bone. He started shaking and I pulled my cock out of his mouth. He started cumming and Denise laid down on top of him while she kept grinding against him. I moved forward slightly and offered my hard cock to Denise which she eagerly sucked into her mouth. Shortly after that, I started cumming and Denise swallowed every drop of my cum.

After that second round of fucking and sucking we were all completely spent so Denise rolled off of Bryant and laid down beside him. I laid down beside Denise. Soon, as we recuperated from the orgasm, we began stroking each others' bodies.

"Boys, that was amazing! I never would have imagined that could be so hot! I'm gonna fantasize about that for weeks just from this one night. You two were awesome."

Bryant finally got a chance to speak, "Thanks! That was a lot of fun. You've got a great boyfriend here. He can take it like a champ."

"That's because you can give it like a champ. That was amazing."

We got up off the bed and started putting our clothes back on. Bryant gave his pleasantries and left. We were all still very worn out from the exertion.

I turned to Denise and asked, "What other kinds of 'ideas' do you have in mind?" with a devilish grin.

She turned to me and said, "Just you wait, mister; you'll find out."