 My old girlfriend Denise and I had a lot of fun together. She was the right combination of fun and uninhibited to make for a great sexual partner. She was always up for trying new and different things and we had a lot of fun together indulging each others' fantasies. On this particular occasion, we would realize one of hers.

Denise sang in a local LGBTQ choir. She wasn't lesbian, or even bi, but she had befriended many of the members and liked to sing so she joined the choir. She had a blast and the choir sounded great so it worked out for all involved. I used to attend their performances to hear Denise sing and hang out with the members of the choir after their shows. We liked to hang out at one of the local bars right behind the concert venue.

After one of the shows, Denise and I went out to the bar with most of the other singers in the choir. Her Brazilian friend Luiz, one of the tenors in the choir, sat with us. After the usual discussion of the performance and other chit-chat, the conversation invariably turned to relationships and sex. Denise wasn't the least bit shy about sharing the details of our relationship and sexual adventures with anyone. She once told her own mother that the reason for her jaw soreness was from giving me so many blow jobs. It didn't take long for Luiz to tell us that he was single and not seeing anyone and it certainly didn't take long for Denise to tell him that she had recently began fucking me with a strap-on and that I was bisexual and that she had a fantasy of watching two men have sex and maybe join in.

After such a frank confession by Denise, Luiz immediately shot me an inquisitive glance, which I responded to with a warm smile. Luiz took that as his signal to come closer. He slid along the bench right next to me and put his hand down into my lap. Starting to get excited, I put my arm around him and pulled him in for a kiss. The kiss was immediately sensual, with our tongues darting around in each others' mouths. Denise was starting to get excited and moved closer to Luiz and I. Her hand quickly joined Luiz's in my lap. Soon both were stroking my cock and getting it hard. I broke away from the kiss with Luiz to inquire about our plans for the evening.

"My apartment is just a couple blocks away and my roommate is gone for the evening. We'd have the whole place to ourselves."

"Sounds good to me, Luiz. Let's go. You game, sweetie?"

"Oh fuck yes! I'm super wet and ready for the show."

With that, we paid our tab and left for the evening. When we got to Luiz's apartment he led us in to the bedroom with its large king-sized bed. I sat down on the bed and Luiz pushed me down onto my back and crawled up on my chest and started kissing me in a frenzy. Our hands were roaming all over each other. I could feel his hard cock jutting into my belly and I'm sure he could feel mine bumping his leg. Denise had taken up a spot on a chair opposite the bed. She had her legs spread and one hand into her panties fingering her slit.

The kissing and foreplay continued between Luiz and I until he started yanking my shirt off. I pushed him up and unbuttoned my shirt for him. He took the cue and untucked the hem of his shirt and pulled it off over his head. I gazed for a moment at his smooth, sleek chest with its rippling muscles. He was gorgeous with a perfectly chiseled chest and light olive skin and wavy dark hair. I lifted him up off me and set him down on the bed next to me. He wriggled out of his tight jeans and I unbuckled my pants. He took the hint and immediately dropped to his knees in front of me. I lifted my hips as he slid my pants down to my ankles. He dove into my crotch with a strained urgency. He started gently licking my hard shaft up and down the underside, rolling the tip of his tongue along the head. At the same time, he grasped the base of my dick with his hand. He kept teasing me like that for a few minutes and then slid the head of my dick into his slick mouth. It was warm, wet, and heavenly. The slight roughness of his tongue on the underside of my cock was just the kind of stimulation I needed to get ready to fuck him.

"Luiz, I hope you've got a rubber and some lube, because I'm about ready to fuck you good and hard," I said. He pulled off my cock and smiled a wicked grin.

"Good. I was hoping you'd be ready to fuck me good for your friend Denise."

"Trust me, it's not just for her. I'm going to love being balls deep in that sweet ass of yours."

"Oooooh, baby. You know it. I want that nice, hard cock of yours. But first, you need to calm down just a little bit so you're ready to fuck me long and hard."

He climbed up onto my chest and started kissing me again. I greedily sucked his tongue like a miniature cock and savored the taste of my own cock in his mouth. After some tongue wrestling he pulled off my mouth and kissed and licked his way down my chin and neck to my chest where he latched onto my left nipple. His nipple attention had me writhing around in pleasure. His attention to my nipple was just the change of pace I needed to relax away from the edge and get ready to fuck him.

Meanwhile, Denise was having a fantastic time on her own. She had stripped down and was licking one of the nipples on her ample breasts with one hand while rubbing her clit furiously with the other. If I hadn't been getting ready to fuck Luiz I would have been ready to dive on top of her and help out with the licking and sucking. God! I loved her tits and could spend an unlimited amount of time sucking and caressing them.

Luiz stood up and pulled me up by the hand. I pulled him in to me and kissed him again while running a free hand through his dark, wavy hair. My hands found their way down to his ass and I pulled him up closer to me.

"Luiz, I think it's time. How do you want me?"

"I wanna be on my back so I can watch you above me. There's lube and condoms in the night table."

I picked him up, turned him around, and set him down on the bed on his back. He scooted back on the bed until his ass was just hanging off the edge of the bed. I went to the night table and opened the drawer and pulled out a condom. I opened it up and put it on my stiff, trembling dick. It felt incredibly good to roll the condom down over the head of my dick and then all the way down the shaft. Once my dick was properly covered, I grabbed the lube and poured a small trickle on Luiz's asshole. I started swirling one of my fingers around on his asshole. That send Luiz into a whole new realm of pleasure. His head started rolling back and forth from side to side in total bliss. I started pressing one of my fingers into his ass and it yielded to my entry. I started slowly moving my finger in and out. As he loosened up I was able to get a second and, eventually, third finger into him. He was in so much ecstasy that he was practically begging me to slide my cock into him. I pulled my fingers from his ass and grabbed the lube again and added some lube to the head of my rubber-covered cock.

I glanced over my shoulder at Denise. She was definitely enjoying the show. She was full-on finger-fucking herself at this point and biting her lower lip with the most exquisite look of pleasure on her face. I took that as my cue to press into Luiz. I held the base of my cock firmly and pressed the head into his ass. He gasped slightly at my tender intrusion.

"Does that feel good, Luiz? Do you like having my cock in you? I fucking LOVE sliding into your tight little ass."

"Oh baby, keep giving it to me! I want that cock deep in my ass."

I was definitely playing it up a little bit for Denise's benefit, and I'm sure Luiz was, too. I kept pressing into him until my cock was fully buried in his ass. I let my weight settle against him as he got used to my cock filling him up. I slowly started to pull back until just the head of my cock was inside of him. I could feel how tight his ass was and it felt amazing.

"Your ass is so tight. I love it. I love fucking ass. It's the most intense kind of fucking imaginable. Are you ready for me to fuck you a little more?"

"Yes, baby; I want you to fuck me. Please fuck me. Please!"

The combination of desperation and pleading in his voice was all I needed to start slowly building up a fucking rhythm. His tight little ass felt so good on my cock I knew I wouldn't last all that long. I was super horny and his ass was just what I needed at that point. I slowly increased my pace until I was in a comfortable, slow fucking rhythm. Luiz was so turned on that his eyes were clenched shut and he was grinding his teeth and pressing his fists into the bed. I kept fucking him and reveled in the amazing feeling in my cock as it slid in and out of his tight ass. Eventually I could feel that I was getting close to my orgasm and I picked up my pace. He rolled his head back and started chanting, "Oh, oh, oh, oh" over and over again and I knew that he was getting close, too.

With a final grunt, he started cumming. He spurted his semen on his belly. That was all the prompting I needed to speed up the final bit until I started cumming as well. I filled the condom with my spunk and once I was done shooting my load I laid forward and pressed myself on this beautiful Brazilian man splayed out before me.

"Hot *DAMN* that was fucking hot, you guys! I never knew two guys fucking could be so damn hot!" Denise exclaimed. "I wanna see you two go at it again and again and again. But first, I need one of you to fuck my pussy for me."

"Well, babe, I'm going to need some time to recover. I just had one of the hottest fucks of my life," I said, looking longingly down at Luiz and stroking his cheek. He smiled warmly at me. I leaned in and kissed him tenderly and passionately.

At the end of our embrace I stood up and my softening cock slipped out of Luiz's well-fucked ass. Suddenly exhausted, I flopped over on the bed next to Luiz.

I zoned out for a few minutes enjoying the afterglow of a good fuck. I quickly realized that Luiz had climbed on top of me and was kissing my neck and nibbling on my earlobe. Denise had also come over from her chair and was between my legs licking my balls and caressing them with a free hand.

"I know what will get you hard enough to fuck me again—playing with your ass. I know how anal play always turns you on. I want to get you good and hard again so I can ride you to another orgasm."

Denise shifted her attention to my asshole. She started by softly caressing it and then stopped to get some lube. She lubed up a couple fingers and then started playing with my ass. First one finger into me, then two, then three. Once she had three fingers deep into my ass I started getting seriously hard again. Luiz sensed that and turned around into a 69 position above me. I grabbed his cock and started stroking it while tonguing the head. After only a few minutes of that attention we were both hard and ready for another round.

Denise was more than happy to take control of the situation and give orders of what she wanted. She told me to scoot up on the bed, which I did. She climbed on top of me and straddled me, impaling herself on my cock. Her pussy was very wet and ready for me and greedily slurped me in. That wasn't all of her plan, though.

"Luiz, I know you're really horny right now, so I want you to fuck my ass while I ride my boyfriend. Lube up that cock and climb on this bed."

Luiz did as requested and put on a condom and lubed up his cock so it was good and slick. Denise leaned forward on my chest so that Luiz could penetrate her. That gave us an opportunity to kiss passionately while Luiz mounted her ass from behind. I could tell from Denise's reaction during our kissing that she was deeply enjoying Luiz's cock in her ass. I could feel his cock in her ass pressing against mine. It was a unique and erotic feeling to have the heat of another man's cock against mine separated by only the thinnest membrane of human flesh.

With Luiz firmly in Denise's ass, she began a luxurious fucking motion between the two of us. Luiz picked up on her cues and started fucking her ass good while she ground her pussy on my cock. Having already cum once, I had plenty of stamina this time around for a long, luxurious fucking. Denise was practically screaming in unbelievable ecstasy while she ground her clit against my pubic bone. I loved the feel of both cocks inside my girlfriend.

Even though we had all cum once, the scene was so erotic we couldn't hold out for too long. Luiz was first to shoot his load. I could feel his cock pumping inside of Denise's ass. That set off my own intense orgasm as I started spurting into her pussy. Denise grinding her clit against me set her off into an orgasm. I felt her pussy spasming and massaging my over-stimulated cock. After a few moments Luiz pulled out of Denise's ass and rolled over on the bed. She dismounted me and laid down beside me where we all started caressing each other in the post-coital glow. Eventually we dozed off for a few minutes.

Once we all woke up, Denise and I cleaned up a little bit to head back to my place. We exchanged a little bit of small talk and I got Luiz's phone number for future use and gave him mine in exchange. Before Denise and I left I gave Luiz one last passionate kiss and thanked him for the fun evening.

"So, how did you like our little display of mansex?"

"Oh my fucking God! That was fucking amazing! I never knew two guys fucking could be so hot? How did you enjoy it?"

"You saw... it was amazing. I love fucking ass. Yours, his, whomever's. I would happily get together with Luiz again."

"With me or on your own?"

"Either way. He's hot. I could have a lot of fun fucking him in the future. Who knows... if you're lucky, you may get to watch or join in again."

"Trust me, baby—that's exactly what I was hoping for."