 "I want to fuck your pussy until it starts milking the cum from my dick." Just seeing those words on my cellphone caused the blood to flood to my pussy, making it engorged and sensitive. I squirmed in my seat in the waiting area, crossing and re-crossing my legs. 

"I'd love to wrap my lips around your dick and get you real hard" I wrote back, knowing he was in the middle of another boring team meeting.

"Ms. Turner, we're ready for you." The deep silky voice matched the dark eyes and broad shoulders of the dental assistant calling my name. I uncrossed my legs, giving him a quick peek of the white thong I was wearing under my satiny red skirt. He reached his hand out, helping me stand. His fingers were warm, his palm slightly rough. 

I've always had a thing for manly hands, and this beautiful specimen of sexiness definitely had them, along with broad shoulders and arms that looked like they'd have no problem holding me up if he decided to put what I imagined had to be a perfectly shaped dick in my wet pussy.  I tried to regain my focus, go back to being a professional and get through my appointment.

"Follow me ma'am." He led me to the room and signaled for me to sit in the dentist chair. "My name is Lucas and I'll be taking care of you today. I just need to go over some basic information with you. Can you give me your name and date of birth?"

"Lisa, and September 19, 1980." I couldn't keep the huskiness out of my voice, so I tried to clear it discreetly, hoping to regain my composure. I unconsciously rubbed my legs together, hoping to calm the need I was feeling between my thighs.

"Perfect, looks like we just have to do your cleaning. Let me get someone to assist and we'll get you out of here." He stepped out of the room, closing the door behind him. I took advantage and ran my hands over my breasts in an attempt to get my nipples to not be so noticeable. The feel of my hands on them only excited me more. When was the last time I had been fucked? One week? Two? I started taking deep breaths, trying to focus on anything but my aching nipples and my wet pussy.

A light knock on the door sounded before they made their way inside. I quickly returned my hands to my side and put on my professional smile. He walked in with a perky little brunette behind him. 

"This is Christen, and she's in training. Is it ok if she does your cleaning with me to supervise?"

"Sure, that's fine." 

"Ok, then let's get started." I crossed my ankles as Christen made her way to the right of my head. Lucas stayed on the left side of my body. 

As Christen started on my cleaning, I felt a soft flutter against my left hip, like a hesitant caress. I tried to look to the left but couldn't see anything without turning my head. I felt it again, firmer and longer this time. Lucas was rubbing my side! 

"Are you doing ok?" I didn't know if he was asking about my cleaning or about caressing me.  I could do nothing but nod my head. His caresses continued, slowly creeping down until his fingers were touching the bare skin at the edge of my skirt. I uncrossed my ankles and closed my eyes, feeling the excitement build inside me again as Christen finished rinsing my mouth. He let his fingers move under my skirt, skimming the outside of my thigh back and forth. 

Lucas let his fingers continue to stray up, this time moving his fingers to the inside of my thighs. I let my legs fall open slightly, giving him better access. I felt fingers on my neck, moving slowly up and down. I opened my eyes to see Christen lick her lips and look me in the eyes. I was stunned, I didn't know what to do, all I knew was I needed something more. I nodded my head slowly, not knowing what would happen next. She smiled at me and lowered her lips to mine.

I had never kissed another woman before, but the softness of her lips made chills race up and down my spine, spreading to my breasts and down to the very core of my sex. Lucas replaced his fingers with his lips, licking his way up my thighs. Christen's hands made their way down my shoulders until they covered my breasts. She squeezed them gently, rubbing her palms against my pebbled nipples. I moaned into her mouth, feeling my senses become overloaded with sensation. 

I felt my legs being pushed gently apart, a hand run up my thigh until it was cupping my pussy.

"Fuck, you're so fucking wet." He grabbed my hand, pulling it to his crotch. I wrapped my fingers around his dick, feeling the thickness of it through his pants. He groaned from deep in his chest. Christen began undoing the buttons on my blouse, taking her lips from mine. Lucas began to move all the machines from around the chair, giving us all better access to each other, and put his hand back on my pussy. His fingers teased my swollen clit, making my hips jerk with each touch.

Christen grabbed my hand and put it in her pants, right on her naked pussy. I was new at this, I didn't know what to do, all I knew was that I didn't want it to stop. I let my fingers spread her lips, rubbing my fingers back and forth between her slit and her clit. She stepped out of her pants and sat back on her chair, her legs spread and her head thrown back. I had her soaking wet pussy in one hand while I rubbed Lucas's hard dick with the other. 

He stepped back, freeing his dick from his pants and came to stand next to my head. I grabbed his dick and wrapped my lips around it, one hand gripping the base while the other caressed his balls. I felt a tongue on my pussy and moaned around his dick. She was sliding her tongue in and out of my pussy, soaking her lips in my juices. I continued to suck the dick in my mouth, running my tongue around the head, squeezing the tip with my lips as it slid in and out. I was ready to cum, I was ready to wrap my legs around her head and force her to make me cum. 

He pulled his dick out of my mouth at the same time that she took her lips from my pussy. I moaned in frustration not knowing what was coming next.

Lucas went to the end of the chair, grabbed my legs and slid me to the very edge. I felt the chair being raised and felt Christen come up to where my head was. She straddled my head, bringing her pussy down. I felt Lucas ram his dick into my pussy and as I groaned, I let my tongue slip out to lick at the pussy that was inches from my face. I wrapped my lips around the clit, sucking gently as she moved her hips back and forth on my face. He continued to pound his dick in me, my legs wrapped around his hips, our juices sliding down to my ass. 

I tried to copy what she had done to me earlier, stiffening my tongue and thrusting it in and out of her juicy pussy. She was moaning wildly, her hips moving faster. I felt her body stiffening over me, and then I tasted the sweet nectar of her cum all over my mouth. I kept fucking her with my tongue, feeling her pussy clench and her juices flow.

Lucas pulled his dick out of my pussy, replacing it with his tongue. He lapped at my clit wildly, uncontrollably I began to push my pussy deeper in his mouth. Christen climbed off of me, seating herself back in the chair as if exhausted. I wasn't done, I needed more. He pumped his dick back into me, thrusting harder and harder, bringing me closer and closer to what I needed. 

He groaned, pulling his dick back out and rushing to put it in my mouth. Christen resumed her place between my legs, her lips wrapped around my clit.

Lucas fucked my mouth, pushing his dick in all the way to the base. She started to finger me, the tip rubbing against my g-spot while her mouth continued to suck on my clit. I couldn't take anymore. Lucas grabbed my head, thrusting one final time into my mouth while my pussy contracted around Christen's finger. His cum began pouring down my throat, while Christen continued her assault on my pussy. I had never felt so alive and yet so satisfied. 

He pulled his dick out of my mouth slowly, allowing me to lick him clean. I felt Christen run a moist wipe along my sensitive pussy making me jump. I laid there for a second as they buttoned me up and readjusted their clothes.

"Ok Ms. Turner, looks like you're all set. Make sure you let the receptionist know if you need another appointment."

I shared a smile with them and walked out the door.