 "Even though you're going to make an excellent dentist on your own, I truly hate to lose you around here."

Carol met his eyes, blushing. "Thanks, Dr. Mike." The compliment was genuine & touching... and she always blushed under the attention of her tall, dark-haired, handsome employer. 'Stella is one lucky woman,' she thought -- and not for the first time.

"I'll try to see about coming back here to work during the summers at least the first year or so."

As if on cue, Stella's voice came from behind her. "That would be wonderful. You've set a high bar for everyone else to meet here -- even me." Passing by Carol, she stood next to her husband and smiled fondly.

Carol blushed even deeper, pushing a few strands of straw-colored hair from her temple. "I don't know about that. You've taught me a lot more than I probably ever could have learned on my own and way more than I ever learned in school."

"Well," spoke Mike, "I think having been a hygienist before-hand will make you even better to work for down the road. Your staff will be lucky; not many have a dentist they can learn from."

"We'll see, I guess."

Mike sighed, putting an arm around his wife's shoulders. She was about a head's height shorter than him, with her dark brown hair tied up in a neat bun. Like Carol, today the head hygienist wore bubble-gum pink scrubs that -- although semi-loose fitting -- hinted at generous curves underneath.

"You know," he said, "when we started about fifteen years ago, it was just me and Stella in that dinky little office across town. Imagine far along we might have been if you were working with us back then."

Carol laughed. "I wasn't even in high school then!" she protested.

"So, I would have had to teach you a few more things first!" Stella teased. Looking in to her blue eyes -- a stark contrast to the brown of her husband -- Carol again felt that strange twinge deep in her belly. It was a warm, giddy feeling, '...almost what I feel when I check out Dr. Mike...' she thought.

"Well, I had better let you ladies get back to work," said Mike.

"Yes, go do... something. Let the real workers around here keep this place running," teased Stella.

Carol smiled. 'Yep, definitely going to miss it here.'

***

"Where did that go?" she wondered out loud, searching through the drawer. The cabinet stood in an indented portion of the hallway between the front of the building and the exam rooms. It held what non-computerized records the clinic had, as well as consent forms, informational papers for patients, and other miscellaneous paperwork. That afternoon, the folder containing information on teeth-whitening procedures was playing an aggravating game of hide-and-seek with her.

The drawer was too high to squat down while looking in it, so she was bent over at the waist with her knees slightly bent. Not realizing that it put her behind in a prominent position (and not thinking anyone would particularly care), she was startled at the feel of a hand firmly grasping her cheek and giving it an appreciative squeeze before two fingers slid forward to tease her nether lips.

Shooting bolt-upright and whirling around to face the unexpected intrusion, she was equally surprised to see Mike standing behind her. His hand jerked back faster than either of them would have thought possible, and his eyes were wide in shock; his face ghost-pale.

"Oh, my gah-! You're not my wife!" he gasped.

Carol stood there, unable to think of what to say, her mouth opening and closing wordlessly.

"I'm... I'm so- so, so sorry, Carol, I... I..." he stammered.

Neither of them thought the awkward situation could get any worse... until the call of "Michael!" came from a short way down the hall.

***

Both turned at the same instant, their eyes popped out in terror. Carrying an armful of paperwork, Stella walked down the hall towards them -- a grin splitting her face and her eyes mischievous.

"Shame on you!" she exclaimed with mock outrage before lowering her voice to a conspiratorial tone. "Feeling up your staff! You know how unprofessional that is!"

"I... I thought it was you," he explained, swallowing hard.

"You dirty, dirty old man!" Stella replied with mock seriousness, shaking her head. "Get back to work and leave the poor girl alone!"

Red-faced and mortified, he turned and went the other direction down the hall.

"I'll deal with you later!" Stella called after him, although perhaps not loud enough for him to actually hear.

Laughing and shaking her head, she turned towards Carol.

"I'm, I'm so sorry," Carol stuttered, her hands up in a submissive posture.

Stella snorted and looked at her incredulously. "For what? He grabbed you." Then, her face and tone softened. "Are you ok, though? Are you all right?" she asked, placing a hand on Carols arm, concerned.

Carol nodded. "Yes. It was just... unexpected, and it's just... he's your husband."

She smiled, softly. "It was a mistake, and I'm not mad -- least of all at you. But, did it bother you? Do you feel... violated in any way?"

"No... it was just..." Carol blushed. "a surprise, I guess. I mean, I've seen you two a couple of times flirting like that... but you're married and I just... don't expect anything like that for me around here -- obviously." 'And I kind of enjoyed it...' she thought, as well.

Now was Stella's turn to blush. "Yeah... we try to not do any of that when we think anyone can see. We try to keep up a professional appearance, anyway."

Carol chuckled. "Anyone who walks in this building can tell you two are head-over-heels for each other. Not in a sappy way, just it's easy to tell that you deeply love each other."

"Thank you," Stella mouthed, blushing deeper.

"Although, even in the same color, I didn't think we look that much alike," Carol said, twisting her hips and looking back at her butt.

Stella laughed, and while Carol's head was turned, looked the younger woman over -- not the first time she had admired her form, either.

Turning and standing by her side, she looked back and forth between the two of them. "Well, our scrubs aren't quite the same shade, but it's close. And, uh..." She looked over her shoulder at Carol's behind.

"Yes...?" Carol asked, feeling that twinge again with her standing so close... even more so when Stella's eyes lingered on her backside.

"Well... I tease him once in a while about checking out the other gals that work here..." she said, then bit her lip before continuing. "... and... he, uh... has mentioned before that you do have a nice butt."

'... and you agree?' thought Carol, her heart fluttering... and her face turning crimson once again.

"Are you, ok, though?" Are you sure?" Stella asked once again, turning to face her.

"Yes, I'm fine."

"Good... but, if not, tell me, ok? As I've said before, you can always talk to me about anything."

Carol nodded. "I will."

***

Mike stood in front of his desk, leaned forward with one hand on the surface while the other rubbed around his face and hair; thoughts tumbling through his mind.

Hearing his office door softly open and close, he sighed and turned to face the visitor. He was relieved to see his wife -- greatly relieved to see her head tilted slightly, her eyes and smile warm & consoling.

"Is she ok?"

Stella nodded. "She's fine. I think she might have even enjoyed it a bit... once the shock wore off, of course."

He nodded and swallowed, hard. "I can't believe that I --"

Stella put a finger to his lips to silence him. "It was a mistake; you didn't do it on purpose. Carol is fine, so stop beating yourself up."

"Are you sure you're ok?" he asked.

Stella nodded, and she put her arms around his neck. "I'm not mad, but..."

Mike raised an eyebrow, concerned, until he noticed her eyes take on a familiar expression.

"I think tonight there will be... consequences... and I'm going to have to remind you why I'm the one you put your hands on."

"I think I can handle that," he said as their lips met in a deep, passionate kiss.

***

That night, Carol slammed her apartment door with an exasperated sigh. "Since when does getting groped at work make me so damn horny?!" she half shouted.

'Well, it WAS Dr. Mike...'offered a small voice in the back of her mind.

"I don't care!" she said to the empty room. "I couldn't even think straight all afternoon!"

Shaking her head in consternation, she realized that the pulsing sensation in her groin wasn't going to go away on its own. "Gah... I need something between my legs!" she muttered, swiftly striding to her bedroom.

After stripping off her pants, she scoffed at her sopping-wet panties as she tossed them aside. 'My fingers aren't going to cut it!´ she thought, opening the dresser drawer and rifling under her socks until her hand closed on the object of her quest.

Flopping back on her bed, she groaned and arched her hips as the toy made entry, her other hand furiously working at her clit. Her eyes closed, her mind was filled with visions of Dr. Mike's hands and mouth all over her body.

She felt a little guilty at first for fantasizing about a married man... but less so when a smile lit up her face as Stella began nibbling on her husband's ear...

***

"Still hard to believe it's your last day here," Stella remarked once more while Carol helped her re-stock the supplies in the exam room after the first patient of the morning.

Carol nodded. "It's been a fast few months. Um..." she said, pursing her lips.

Stella looked over at her.

Carol took in a long, deep breath. "I, uh, just want to make sure the... uh..." She jerked her head in the direction of the cabinet in the hallway. "Isn't causing problems between you two."

Stella smiled and shook her head. "No, it hasn't caused any problems... well, I guess it has, actually."

Carol's eyes went wide as she continued.

"I tease him about it from time to time... which is fairly often."

"So, nothing bad?"

"No, actually... we uh...." Stella was rapidly turning a lovely shade of red. "I'm... not sure I should actually be telling you this..."

"Go on..." Carol encouraged, intrigued... and with her stomach fluttering at where she thought it might be going.

"We, uh..." Stella continued, unable to meet Carol's eyes. "... we've used you- it... it... as a... um... starting point... for some... uh... times..." She twirled her hand nervously. "... together."

Carol's eyes widened, her mouth opened to speak, and then her face went sly as a realization hit her.

"Wait a second... did you start to say that you've used me, not just that... situation?"

Stella's eyes were closed, her lips were pursed inward, and she could feel the heat radiating from her face.

She took a deep breath in through her nose before speaking again. "This is horribly inappropriate... and I can't believe that I'm admitting this... but I may have... suggested... that I was you... yourself... on a couple of... several... occasions... when we played that out..."

Her head hung, she looked up at the ceiling still unable to meet Carol's eyes.

"Please don't be mad at me..." she softly pleaded.

'I've NEVER seen her lose her composure or professional demeanor before..." thought Carol.

"I'm... honored, actually," she said. "I mean, I probably should be weirded out by that... but I'm actually not," she admitted. "Although... I'd think I would be a poor substitute for you..."

Surprised, but still beet-red, Stella finally looked over at her. "Why do you say that?" she asked, confused.

"I'm not near as... filled out... as you are, especially..." She gestured to her chest, "... up here."

"That does not make you any less beautiful, or unattractive..." Stella replied, appearing to be about to say more before closing her mouth, thinking better of it. "Trust me."

Carol smiled.

"Well," said Stella as she finished up. "I better go get ready for my next appointment."

Stopping at the door, she turned and looked Carol in the eyes. "Please, don't ever tell anyone?"

Closing her lips tight, she made a zipping motion across them and smiled sincerely.

***

Later that afternoon, while Carol finished cleaning up after an appointment, Stella came in to the room, checked to make sure no one was in the hallway, then snuck over to her.

"I was thinking," she began in a conspiratorial tone. "With this being you last day and all, since he got to feel you up... would it be only fair if you got to feel him up in return?"

Carol blinked several times, not sure if she was joking. "Are you serious?"

Stella nodded, her eyes and grin devilish. "Yes, but feel free to say no if you want to."

Carol blushed as she thought it over. "What exactly do you mean by 'feel him up'?"

Stella's grin got even bigger. "That's up to you."

"Um... maybe?"

"I'll see what I can arrange," she replied as she turned and left the room.

Carol stood there a minute, blinking in disbelief.

"What did I get myself in to?" she asked under her breath, returning to the task at hand.

***

Washing his hands, Mike felt his wife's eyes boring in to the back of his skull. Turning around as he dried them, he saw that she had an impish grin and her eyes were twinkling as she swayed her body back and forth.

"What do you have up your sleeve?" he asked, suspicious.

"Feel like getting it on with one of your hygienists tonight?" she asked, her voice smoky with desire.

His eyes widened. "Sure, I'm game," he replied, pleasantly surprised. "Been a while since we've played that one."

"I'll see what I can arrange," she said, licking her lips and wiggling her eyebrows suggestively.

Turning to leave, she gave a short "Eek!" and glared back at her husband when he smacked her on the butt.

"Watch it!" she mouthed, stopping in the doorway, "or I might just fuck you right here and now!"

He just smiled and wagged his eyebrows right back at her.

***

That evening, after removing his scrubs and wearing black slacks & a dark blue button-up shirt, Mike sat in his office finishing up an email to a colleague. He had again thanked Carol for all her work, and told her once more how much she would be missed around the clinic.

She seemed unusually flustered, though... even more so than she normally was around him -- which had got a little bit worse after the hallway incident.

Although things were awkward for a while, he was thankful everything had more-or-less returned to normal and he hadn't ruined a good working relationship... or worse.

'She did seem ESPECIALLY flustered, though, when I told her to let me know if there was ever anything I could do for her...' he reflected.

Putting that from his mind, he looked up at the clock and grinned. 'Stella's probably locking doors about now...' he thought, his cock stiffening as he wondered exactly what she had planned for the night.

As if on cue, the door opened and his wife's head appeared.

"Is my hygienist about ready?" he asked, his voice dripping with meaning.

"Almost," she replied. "Everyone's gone... are you about ready?"

"Give me about two more minutes."

"Good... you'll know her when you see her," she said, closing the door with a wink.

***

Carol bounced nervously on her feet in the hallway as Stella approached, the woman's hips swaying as she grinned from ear to ear.

"So, uh, how are we doing this?" Carol asked, her heart thudding in her chest. 'I can't believe I'm going through with this!'

"I think..." Stella began, standing almost intimately close and her gaze traveling from Carol's blue eyes down to her lips. Absently, she slowly traced her finger in an "S" trail from just below Carols throat towards the swell of her chest as she spoke. "... that you should go digging in that drawer again..."

Carol swallowed, hard, at the closeness and oddly arousing touch of the other woman.

Realizing what she was doing, Stella quickly pulled her hand away and gazed in to Carol's eyes again, smiling. "And, uh... just go with it," she continued, her voice husky and shoulders swaying seductively. "Who knows? Maybe I'll even, you know... walk in on you."

***

His cock throbbing against the restriction of his pants, Mike whistled softly as he stepped out of his office and began looking for his wife. 'Naked... clothed... underwear... fingering herself in an exam room, maybe?' he wondered, curious as to what she had in store for him.

Not seeing any sign of her in the first two exam rooms or in the direction of the break room, he turned the other way to check the rest of the clinic... and his whistling stopped mid-note; his brows knitted in confusion.

Leaning over the drawer of the cabinet in the hallway was a figure, and that figure was clad in blue scrubs. 'Stella wore green today...' he realized.

Stepping closer, it dawned on him who it was. "Carol?" he asked, his voice nearly betraying his confusion.

"Yes, Dr. Mike?" she replied, her voice clearly nervous.

"What... I thought you went home already?" 'Is she running around naked while there's still someone else in the building?' he wondered, his panic rising.

"Your wife told me to look through this drawer and, uh, 'just go with it'... I'm assuming she told you about our little agreement?" she answered, swaying her hips back and forth. 'I can't believe I'm doing this...' she thought, her eyes closed in anticipation. 'And how wet I am already... I might cum right when he touches me!'

'Does she want me to... With...?' asked Mike's befuddled mind.  "What agreement? I... uh --"

He jumped, startled, when his phone chimed, indicating a message from Stella. "Well... let's see what she has to say..." Retrieving his phone and bringing up the message, his eyes widened at the realization of what she meant.

'I told you that you'd know her when you saw her. I think you know what to do...'

He blinked several times, then swallowed twice before absent-mindedly putting the phone away as his eyes locked on the full, likely firm, scrub-clad behind still swaying in front of him.

"Carol..." he began as it fully sunk it what was happening. "Are you... ok... with this?"

"Mmm-hmm... I've, uh, kind of wished you'd have touched me some more that day... You had me pretty horny for a while."

Reaching out, he heard her take in a sharp breath and felt her body stiffen, then relax, as his fingers grazed along the material covering her upturned cheek. "Well, Carol... I'll admit that I've thought about that as well..."

"Ohhh... please do, Dr. Mike," she breathed as he firmly took hold of her and gave a squeeze. 'I can't believe I'm enjoying getting felt up by my boss... especially since his wife is probably watching!' she thought.

She felt her pussy give a soft spasm at her next thought. 'I wonder if she's playing with herself while she watches us...?'

"Dr. Mike..." she moaned, her hands bracing herself on the drawer as he squeezed and caressed her cheeks with both hands now. "What would your wife say if she caught us?"

"That all depends on what your agreement was..."

"She did say I could feel you up since you felt me up..." she replied, standing up and pressing her backside against his rigid shaft. Reaching around behind him, she took hold of his ass and gave it a firm squeeze as he groaned softly and ground his groin against her butt.

With their height difference, she couldn't quite get the cleft between her cheeks all the way to the top of his shaft, but she got as high as she could while she braced herself against the cabinet with her other hand.
