 Depression over her late husband's death banished, Alice continues to explore her new sexual freedom.

*****

For the rest of the school year my sex life was pretty much oriented towards Joan and Hervé. Sometimes just with Hervé, sometimes just with Joan, and just as often with both of them. I enjoyed it thoroughly and I learned a lot about sex that I should have learned in high school or college. It was much better than Larry's porn collection and no comparison can be made with my marriage to my late husband. There was no sign of any return of my depression. I was just happily fucking my way through life with my new lovers, Hervé and Joan.

When summer came, things changed a bit. First, I was not working full time any more. As with the prior summer, I was just teaching a high school remedial English class three days a week for two hours a day. The rest of the time was my own. In addition, Hervé and Joan took off for another extended trip to France. They were to be gone for a month and a half.

Just before they left, Joan and I were talking about their trip. We were lying in my bed recovering from a delicious session of eating each other to a passionate climax.

"Joan," I said, sounding a little whiny, "What am I going to do while you and Hervé are gone."

"Same as you always do," Joan said, more or less ignoring the obvious intent of my question.

"I mean for sex."

"Oh. Well, pretend you are Hervé and find someone else to fuck. The variety will do you good. Maybe you will learn some new tricks to show us when we get back."

"I'm not Hervé. I've never understood how he does it. Women seem to fall all over him."

"What he does, my dear, is simply make indecent proposals to a lot of women. Occasionally he gets slapped, more frequently a polite no, and surprisingly often a yes." 

"So he just walks up to someone and says, 'Let's fuck.'?"

"That's when he gets slapped, and he has to be pretty drunk to be that inartful. What he does that works is to start a conversation with a woman and listen intently to what she wants to talk about while he slowly steers the topic around to sex. I've watched him do it. He's a master. I swear half of them think that the sex they have with him was their idea."

I smiled. "Is that what he did with you the first time you met."

Joan laughed. "No, he was drunk. We were at a party. He walked up to me and said, 'I love your tits. Let's fuck.'"

"Did you slap him?"

"No I fucked him. I was pretty drunk too."

I was laughing pretty hard now. "Well," I said. " I don't think I can use Hervé's 'let's fuck' approach. But maybe I can try his softer approach. We'll see."

"Try it on some of those horny high school students you are teaching."

"What!" I said in outrage. "I can't fuck my students. That's so wrong."

"Why? They're all over 18 aren't they? Why else would they be seniors taking remedial English so they can get the diploma they missed in their first four years. They are barely still in school, and you yourself told me they are some of the horniest people you've ever met."

"Joan! You're so bad. Not happening! My students are off limits. Now kiss me again and let's make love once more before you have to leave for Paris. I love those big tits of yours too."

After Joan left I thought about our conversation. (Not the part about my students. That was out). I wanted to try Hervé's soft approach, but when would the opportunity arise? I wasn't exactly a social butterfly. 

Then one afternoon a pair of missionaries knocked on my front door. You know the kind. Clean-cut young men who ride bicycles and wear dark blue suits and white shirts with neckties.

I didn't immediately recognize them as an opportunity to try Hervé's seduction technique, but I did recognize them as gorgeous. They were identical twins in their early twenties—tall, broad shouldered, and athletic looking. They had neatly trimmed blonde hair, blue eyes and smiles that could have starred in a toothpaste commercial. Their eyes were particularly sexy. Why is it there is something about some men's eyes that sucks me in. It's not every man I meet, and I can't describe it, but, oh do I know it when I see it. 

As soon as I opened the door they started into their standard proselytizing pitch. Normally I would have said, "Sorry not interested," and sent them on their way, but there was something about them that had nothing to do with the substance of their words that really grabbed me. The eyes I guess. 

So I invited them in. It was a hot day out and they had been suffering in their dark blue suits and neckties. I got them each a cold drink (non-alcoholic of course). Then we all three sat in the living room and I listened to their pitch. 

Well, I sort of listened. Mostly I was thinking about how sexy they looked. I could feel just the very beginning of that itch in my pussy that tells me I am going to want to cum soon. Not immediately, but once I feel the beginning of that little itch I know it's going to continue growing until I just have to scratch it somehow. Sometimes I try to suppress it (always a failure), but this time I savored it and let it grow as I sat through the boys' talk. I'm sure they thought I was listening, but in reality I was fantasizing about what it would be like to make love to both of them at once. I told myself it was an unrealistic fantasy, but I let myself continue to enjoy it as I half-heartedly listened to their pitch. 

Finally when they began to wind down I asked, "Are you boys married?"

"Oh no," they said very seriously. "In our church we always go on our mission before we get married."

"Oh, I see. So you have someone waiting at home you're going to marry when you get back?"

"Alex does." One of them said, nodding towards his brother. 

"Andrew likes to play the field," Alex responded.

"Hah," Andrew laughed in response. "You're not that different from me," he said looking at Alex. "You and Laura both play around, but you let the parents think you are exclusive."

"So neither of you are exclusive with anyone?" I asked. 

Andrew smirked and Alex looked a little sheepish and then nodded his head with a kind of sexy smile.

"So I guess you two are having some fun while you are away on this mission?" 

Andrew smirked again and said, "Yeah you could say that." He was staring at my tits now.

Alex spoke up, saying, "Oh no. Sex is forbidden when we are on our mission."

Now the topic was out in the open. I smiled and said, "Oh, of course. I assumed it was. But then that wasn't what I asked was it? I just asked if you were having any fun. I didn't ask about the rules."

"Oh, yeah, well . . ." Alex responded. He was blushing, but Andrew was grinning.

"Can I get you boys another drink?" I asked, letting Alex off the hook. 

They both immediately took me up on my offer. I picked up their glasses and walked towards the kitchen wiggling my hips as I went. As soon as I was out of sight in the kitchen I pulled up my T-shirt and stripped off my bra. I also pulled the skirt I was wearing up and yanked my panties off. Finally I filled three glasses with wine. I could hear them whispering back and forth in the living room, but I couldn't quite get what they were saying. I hoped I wasn't going to scare them off, but as Joan had told me, "You don't get what you don't ask for." 

We'll see how much fun they want to have, I thought, as I walked back into the room carrying a tray. I held the tray down near my waist so they could see my tits jiggling beneath the T-shirt. I had rubbed my nipples before I pulled the T-shirt down so that they were firm and pointy and showed clearly under my loose T-shirt. As I walked into the room I could see both boys' eyes glued to my jiggling tits.

"I thought, since you boys like to have fun while you are on your mission, that you might like something a little stronger than cola. You do drink wine don't you?"

This time it was Andrew that spoke up quickly, "Oh sure. We're not s'posed to, but we do."

Alex was silent, but I think he was too focused on my jiggling tits to care about the wine one way or the other. I gave them each a glass and then sat down on the opposite end of the couch from Alex. I sat so I was facing Alex. I pulled a leg up and tucked it under my other leg. I didn't really show Alex anything, but he was watching carefully. They both noticed that my skirt had crept well up on my thighs.

"So do you boys have some wine from time to time at home?" I asked.

"Oh no," Alex quickly responded. "It's forbidden."

"I laughed and let my legs slide a little farther apart. Not enough to show either of them anything, but still more than was there before. "Alex," I said, "I didn't ask you what the rules were. I was just curious about what you do?" As I finished, I winked at Andrew who was smiling.

"Yeah Alex," he said. "What is it you do when we are at home?"

Alex was blushing again. "Okay, okay. Yeah sure, I have a drink or two now and then."

"Yeah," Andrew said. "Like the time Laura stole that bottle of gin from her neighbors' liquor cabinet when she was babysitting for them?"

"Oh, so you boys like gin?" I said moving my legs around a bit again. The skirt was up to the middle of my thighs now. This was fun. I wasn't sure I was going to get laid, but I was having a good time.

Alex didn't respond. He was busy staring at my tits and my ever more exposed thighs. I could see a lump growing in his trousers.

Andrew did though. "What Alex likes," he said, "is dope. Laura won't do a joint with him but Cynthia will. Won't she Alex?"

"Umm, dope," I said. "It's been a long time since I had any of that. I used to like it in college." I was lying. Hervé and Joan and I got stoned regularly. I leaned back so my tits were pushing hard against my T-shirt. Neither boy said anything. They were too busy staring at my tits and my swollen nipples. As I lay back I let my legs spread a little wider. I didn't think they could see anything yet, but I wasn't totally sure about it.

"I don't suppose you boys have a joint with you do you? It's been years since I had any."

They looked at each other—first time in five minutes they had looked at anything but my tits or my legs. After a long look, Andrew said, "It just so happens that Alex has a couple of joints in his knapsack there. Would you like to try some? I mean just to see if you still like it."

"Uhh . . . " I said trying to sound a little indecisive. "Okay. What can it hurt? I never understood why it was against the law anyhow. Do I need to get some matches?"

"No, we've got a lighter." Andrew rose to his feet and picked up Alex's knapsack. I could see he had a lump in his trousers too. Now it was my turn to stare. I squirmed just a bit rubbing my pussy lips against each other. They were good and wet.

It took Andrew a while to find the joint. While he was digging around in the knapsack I moved to the middle of the couch so I was sitting next to Alex and leaving space for Andrew on the other side of me. 

Alex was momentarily distracted from his staring at me as he was telling Andrew where to look in the knapsack for the joint and the matches. As I sat down I made sure my thigh was right next to Alex's thigh—not touching, but close enough so it would be touching if someone wanted it to be. 

"Here they are," Andrew said as he held up a joint and a lighter.

"Good. Come over here and let's light up," I said. I was patting the couch next to me and I kind of moved over as though I was making sure there would be room for Andrew. What I was actually doing was pushing my thigh up against Alex's thigh. It felt warm and firm against my mostly uncovered leg. I got no objection from Alex.

Andrew moved quickly to the couch and sat down where I had patted. As he sat down he was staring at my thighs, which were now barely covered by my dress. I let my legs fall open just a little so the thigh not pushing against Alex was pushing against Andrew. Someone sitting across from us probably could have seen my naked pussy. There was no one there, but the idea that there could have been someone there, and if there had been they could have seen my freshly shaved pussy, sent a bolt of lust through me. 

Andrew lit up the joint and then we passed it back and forth taking hits in turn. Soon I wasn't just horny, I was stoned too. Inhibitions disappear in that condition. 

When we finished the joint Alex leaned back and said, "Fuck, that was good shit."

"Fuck'n A right bro," Andrew responded.

I giggled. "Such talk for nice young missionaries."

"Well, we told you we have fun," Alex said.

"Yes you did. But what other kind of fun do you have?" As I spoke I dragged my hand up his thigh.

"He likes to have his girlfriend suck his cock," Andrew said. 

Wow, that joint made quick work of inhibitions, I thought.

"Oh my," I said. I let my hand drift lightly across the lump in Alex's trousers. He gasped. It felt like a big cock.

"And is that with Laura or with Cynthia?" I asked. "Now I was rubbing his prick through his pants and he had his head back on the couch with his eyes closed. 

"Laura just sucks him off, but he fucks Cynthia."

"And what about you," Andrew I said, turning to him. "What do you like to do?"

"Oh most of the same things as Alex. Just with different girls."

"Do you like to eat pussy?" I asked. Now it was me who seemed to have lost any sense of inhibition.

"Sometimes," Andrew answered. Alex was silent, his head thrown back, lost in his enjoyment of my stroking his dick. 

I picked up Andrew's hand and put it on my breast. "Do you like to play with titties?" I asked him. Even though I was turned toward Andrew, I was still massaging Alex's dick. 

All three of us sat in silence for what seemed along time (time gets a little out of kilter when you're stoned). As we sat, we escalated our grouping so Andrew had his hands under my T-shirt, fondling both of my tits, and Alex had his hand between my legs working his way up to my pussy. Mmmm, it was nice.

"God, I'm stoned," I said., "and this feels so fucking good." Then I gasped as Alex's hand reached my pussy. "Are you guys as fucked up as I am?" I asked them,

They were too focused on sex to respond to my question. Andrew had pulled my T-shirt off and was sucking on my nipples. It felt lovely. I let him do that while Alex was playing with my shaved pussy lips. This was so nasty, sitting here half naked with these two still fully dressed young missionaries. 

"How do I get them out of their clothes?" I asked myself. Then I had a stroke of brilliance. I asked a question no man can resist, "Which one of you has the biggest cock? I can't tell by rubbing them through your pants."

The response was totally predictable. They both said, "I do," virtually in harmony.

"Well, let me see them boys."

Alex looked across me at Andrew who nodded at him. Then both of them quickly unzipped and held out their rigid dicks. Just as I expected, identical twins have identical dicks. But they were very, very nice dicks. I would have rated them as at least an eight on a scale of ten. Each dick was gleaming with a drop of precum oozing from its head.

"Oh those are beautiful," I said. But they look so much alike I can't tell which one is bigger by just looking at them. Would you boys mind if I sucked your dicks? I think I will need to do that to tell which one is largest." I had a hand wrapped firmly around each dick. This conversation would have sounded absurd if we hadn't all been stoned, but with the help of the dope I sounded smooth and polished, or at least I thought I did. 

The boys mumbled something that sounded like a 'yes,' well, more like 'fuck yes.' Within moments they were standing naked before me with their straight hard dicks aimed at my face. While they were stripping down, I released my skirt and slipped out of it so I was completely naked. I smiled as I thought about being naked at three in the afternoon with two missionaries and their big beautiful cocks. What fun. I had come a long way since Larry's death.

Keeping a firm grip on both dicks, I leaned forward and begin to lick Alex's cock with long slow strokes starting at his balls and continuing until I got to the head. I was stroking the other head using the copious precum that leaked from the tip as lube. That was when I realized that I couldn't tell which was Alex and which was Andrew. Without their clothes, and most importantly their little black and white nametags, I couldn't tell them apart. Oh well, I thought. It doesn't matter. 

I slipped my mouth over one of the cocks and heard its owner groan. I suspected it wouldn't take these boys long to cum. For the next five minutes I took turns sucking on one cock and then the other, doing my best not to push either of them over the edge. God how I loved cock sucking.

When I thought they both might be getting a little close I sat up straight and pulled their cocks down enough so I could massage my nipples with the head of the two cocks. Oh this was so deliciously nasty. The boys were standing with their heads tipped back enjoying the sensation of my nipples rubbing the tip of their cocks.

With a cock in each hand and I looked up at them, "Are you boys close? Are you ready to cum?

They moaned, which I took to be a yes.

"Good," I said. "I want you to cum on my face and my tits. Both of you." They obviously knew what this was about. Each one grabbed his cock and began stroking it vigorously, pointing it at my tits. I was holding my tits out to them. It didn't take them long. Within a few strokes they each began to shoot stream after stream of hot, slippery, white cum at me. My god they had a lot of cum. By the time they finished I had cum dripping from my face and coating my chest and tits. There was even some in my hair.

Fuck that was erotic, but it left me far from fulfilled. Before they could step back I reached out and grabbed their cocks, which remained long and hard.

"Ummm," I said, "you're still hard." They just groaned in response as I stroked their cocks. Now was the time to use Hervé's crude approach. "Do you boys fuck?" I asked.

They both laughed. "Oh yeah," one of them said.

"Then lay down on the couch and let me ride you," I said. "I don't care which one. I just want a cock I can ride." I stood and one of them quickly stretched out on the couch, stroking his erect dick. I climbed over him, a knee on each side of his hips and let myself sink down onto his cock. At first it just slid up between my wet lips and grazed my clit. I let that happen three or four times, lubing up the dick with my slippery pussy juice. Then I altered my position so the cock was pushing at the entrance to my cunt. I wiggled just a bit and then sank down on the big, hard, stiff cock, letting it penetrate my cunt. 

"Oh shit," I said. "Fuck, that feels so good." It was different than fucking Hervé. Hervé was bigger around, but not so long. And it wasn't anything like fucking Larry, who I now understood had a tiny dick. Don't get me wrong. I still loved Larry—tiny dick and perverted porn collection and all. And I would have taken him back in a minute, but Larry was dead and he wasn't coming back. And I was really enjoying this big hard cock that was plowing my cunt right now, even if I couldn't figure out which of the twins it belonged to. No point in feeling sorry about losing Larry. It was time to enjoy what I had.

I leaned forward and let my tits drag back and forth across his hairless chest as I pumped my hips forward and backward fucking him. Each time I pushed back with my hips he thrust upward with his hips, ramming his cock deep into cunt. I was so wet. We were making the nastiest noises as his cock pumped in and out of my cunt.

After a while I could feel myself approaching a climax. I didn't want to cum yet. This was just too delicious, so I sat up, his cock still impaling my sopping cunt and turned to face his brother who stood beside us stroking his cock as he watched. Now I was riding him slowly loving it as he pushed his hips up to meet each downward thrust on my part. I reached over and pulled the standing twin's cock toward me. "Which one of you am I fucking," I asked in a throaty whisper. 
