 Valerie had just received the fucking of her life. And unbelievably she was still horny. Pulling off the skimpy leather outfit she had on Valerie spread her legs wide on the big car seat. Dressed only in a pair of six-inch stilettos her hand found her pussy still dripping with the copious amounts of sperm that had been deposited there earlier. As her other hand began kneading her voluptuous breasts, her thoughts flashed back to previous evening as if it were a lifetime away and replayed the sequence of events that led to her being naked in the backseat of a car unabashedly masturbating herself. 

Valerie was dragging on her umpteenth cigarette. She could feel the loud music thump away inside her head. The smoke in her lungs and the vibration from the nightclub's ear-splitting speakers felt good. Exhaling slowly she looked around at the wriggling mass of gyrating human bodies all around her. The dark blue lighting split occasionally by the various strobes all over the ceiling created a hypnotic effect allowing her to almost forget her troubles. Almost. There was not nearly enough cigarettes and loud music to make her forget about the fact that she was upto her eyeballs in debt. She had run away from home six months ago and come to the big city dreaming the big dream. Eighteen and rebellious. Then she found out about the millions who also shared her dreams. She had a healthy yet slim 36B-25-36 figure. Her frame was lithe enough to make her huge breasts and ass appear very alluring to men and women alike. That was one of the first things aspiring models/dancers like her learnt in the big city. Sex with the same gender did not even raise eyebrows here. In the end everything was about power and sex was only a means to an end. After six months of running from pillar to post trying to make it, this was the harsh reality facing Valerie Vance. To get anywhere you had to be willing to sell your ass.

She wasn't averse to sex. Not by a long shot. In the past six months she had enjoyed many men. In fact her growing sexual urges were one of the many reasons she had left her small conservative hometown for the big city where she was free to enjoy sex as many times and whenever she wanted. She had always known that men found her very alluring and some of the cruder old men back home lusted after her more than obviously. But putting a price on herself... that was a line she had so far been unwilling to cross. But now she was out of choices. Either she put a price on her most prized assets or she went back to the farmstead she had run away from. No! That was out of the question. She could never go back. She would never be able to look her parents in the eye again. 

She was so hard up that she didn't even have enough money to get herself a drink. She could come in her only because she knew one of the bouncers called Mark. Mark was a huge black man whom she had met earlier when she did have the money to go out at night and he had provided her with a contact. Mark had said the contact was upstairs in the special VIP lounge and she could give it a try. But she knew the price she would have to pay. It had been her moment of truth. Either she crossed the line today or... well come to think of it, there was no or... 

Stubbing out her cigarette she had left the bar and weaving through the scantly clad clubbers she made her way to the stairs. The bouncer standing before was quite possible the largest man she had seen. He towered over her like a comic book villain and simply stood with his arms folded. 

"I'm looking for a Mr. Lambert. Mark sent me pointing toward the door, where Mark was on duty." The man eyed her for a few seconds and then let her through. Mark must have told him about her because he didn't ask her anything or even check out her story. 

From then onwards the rest of the night was so vividly imprinted in Valerie's mind that she actually found herself reliving it all as if it were happening to her right now.

Walking upstairs she felt a little chill go down her spine as she thought to herself this was it. This was last chance to back out. But her feet found their way up the stairs and she pushed open the big black door at the top. As she stepped into what seemed to be an enormous floor filled with tables and semi-private rooms bathed in diffused neon lights, she felt like she had just stepped into another world altogether. Little did she realize how different this world was from the one she had just left behind.

A similarly bulky black man motioned her to a cubicle in the far end of the floor. As she walked to the directed cubicle her eyes shiftily took in her surroundings. There were men and women of all shapes, colours and sizes sprawled all around her. But they all gave off an unmistakable vibe. Wealth. Coke lines on polished glass tables, gothic clothes and makeup, opium pipes, tattoed and pierced bodies on display... She felt like she were watching some late night sex movie. Then she reached the cubicle. There was a big Italian looking man sprawled on one of the sofas smoking a cigarette. He was dressed in black and had a big garish silver chain around his neck. Between his legs was a dark haired girl, completely nude, giving him a blowjob. A very wet one from the sounds of it. To say that Valerie was taken aback was an understatement but in a weird sort of way the scene captivated her and she couldn't stop herself from staring.

The man stared back at her with a slight smirk on his face but didn't say anything. 

"Uh..Mr. Lambert...?" Still eliciting no response Valerie continued, "I'm Valerie. Mark sent me. He said he spoke to you about me." The man still said nothing and Valerie feeling extremely embarrassed, foolish and a little scared said "I... I'm sorry, maybe this was a bad idea." As she turned to leave the man held the girl's face in both hands and roughly threw her aside. The girl turned around and looked at Valerie with a hateful expression, but she obviously knew her place in the larger scheme of things as she climbed up on a sofa and lit up a cigarette. 

Standing up, the man finally spoke. "I'm Lambert." So saying he motioned for her to follow and walked towards the other end of the room. He led her to a big office filled with TV screens and plush chairs and a big desk. Valerie stared around her at the screens. The TV screens were all blank but she could make an educated guess as what they were all for. 

"Mark told you anything about what you will be doing?"

"No..not really.. he indicated that... um... "

"I sell sex." He said flatly. "Your work is very simple. We get a lot of clients. You will do whatever they require of you. Without any question." That last bit was said emphatically enough for her to get the picture. "In return you will be paid well. Very well."

Valerie was now more than a bit scared. What exactly was anything she wondered to herself. "Before I employ you however you will have to pass the audition."

"Audition?" queried Valerie

"There is a German client who wishes for female company tonight. You get two hundred and fifty now another $250 after if he likes you. Tips are yours to keep. If he is happy with you then you get the job. If not then that is the last time we meet." 

"Five hundred? Tonight... um can I think about this." 

"Sure babe, take all of one minute." Replied Lambert with a wide grin on his face.

Things were suddenly progressing too fast for Valerie. She had not known exactly what to expect but this was a little overwhelming. Did she really wish to become a professional hooker? She only wanted to make a little money till she got a break not a career change on this order. Then she thought about the two-fifty rental dues she had to produce the next morning or be evicted. It wasn't much of a choice really. Besides she could always call it quits after tonight and she would have made enough to keep her landlord happy.

"Ok." She replied finally.

"Good." Lambert opened his drawer and took out $250 from a huge bundle of money and handed it to her. Then he rung the intercom. "Steph, get in here please."

A tall blond woman with huge breasts entered wearing a dress that although covered her all over left little to imagination regarding her proportions. "This is Valerie. She'll be servicing Mr. Schmidt. Get her dressed and call the car."

As Valerie followed the blond girl out, Lambert said, "Remember, you do exactly as they say and whatever they say."

Half an hour later she was sitting in the back seat of a black BMW, dressed in a big fur coat. Beneath the coat she had on a slightly dominatrix style leather outfit that in essence was a bikini, with a few cosmetic add-ons. On her feet were two six-inch stilettos with heels pointed enough to thread a needle. The German was a kinky one.

They pulled up at a large mansion in a very upscale neighborhood. The car departed before she had even reached the door. Within a few moments of her ringing the bell, the door was opened by a large blond man who seemed to be in his late forties and had a decided Nazi-general air about him. 

"You're here... Good. Come in."

He led her to a large bedroom upstairs with very dimmed lighting and said "I think you'll like this one Wilma."

Wilma?

A blond woman entered from the adjoining balcony looking almost like a vampire queen out of an Anne Rice novel. Dressed in a long figure hugging crimson gown which showed off an enormous cleavage and long muscular legs, the woman called Wilma languidly strolled into the room smoking a foreign cigarette. Valerie for the umpteenth time that day was feeling like she was hurtling along a path without any control and wished she could take a drag on that fag. She was supposed to be servicing a wealthy German man. No-one had told her about a Wilma. Then her mind flashed back to the bundle of money that Lambert had pulled out of his drawer and she thought 'What the heck...? If I'm taking the plunge then might as well go all the way.'

Her look of surprise must have shown on her face for Wilma remarked to her male companion with a devilish grin, "I love it when they don't know about me."

Without a break in her stride she strode right up to Valerie and using her left hand to hold her head in place she planted a long wet kiss on Valerie's slightly trembling lips. Valerie had never engaged in any remotely lesbian act and for a few moments fought to keep her involuntary outrage down. By the time the blond woman finally disengaged her probing tongue, Valerie had decided it wasn't that bad. It had actually felt quite sexy.

"Your first time isn't it?" she asked with that same smirk. Without even waiting for an answer she turned and went to one of the huge very comfortable looking sofas and sat down.

"Take off your coat and come here." She commanded in her slightly German accent. Valerie did as she was told, feeling a little embarrassed at the less than skimpy outfit she was wearing. "Turn around... slowly." Again Valerie obeyed feeling more humiliated by the second. 

After a few turns while she was inspected thoroughly, Wilma spoke once more, "Now come here and kneel down." So saying she spread her legs wide apart. The dress seemed to have been made with some thought for it parted completely revealing a shaved white pussy. Resisting the urge to run, Valerie did as she was told.

"Lick." The command left no room for error. Slowly she bent down and let her tongue touch the puckered pink lips. The smell was pungent and the pussy was already a little wet but before she could do anything else her face was roughly pushed down onto the waiting cunt from behind. She had forgotten all about the man till now. 

The man was shoving her head into the German woman's crotch with considerable force and the smell of a wet cunt all over her nose was so overwhelming that she had to fight the urge to throw up. "Harder bitch, lick it like you love it." Growled Wilma from above her. After the first minute though Valerie began to get used to the smell and began licking with a little more imagination. Of course it was in her best interests to leave a good impression but despite herself, the forced submissiveness that she had to display was turning her on a little bit. This surprised her as she had never experienced any submissive instincts before but as she licked and sucked and prodded the German woman's gooey cunt she felt herself getting more and more aroused by the forceful and abusive treatment.

Ten minutes of cunt-lapping and Valerie was actually striving to make the German woman cum. The man behind her stopped pushing her head down because she was doing far more on her own. Moving her head from side to side, she stiffened her tongue and used it like a little prick to stimulate the German's clit. She was obviously doing something right because soon she could hear Wilma moan and gyrate her hips in response over the slurping sounds that Valerie was making. 

Suddenly Wilma grabbed fistfuls of Valerie's hair in both her hands and began furiously fucking her pussy with the startled girl's head. "Unngh... yes... Bitch... fuck me... fuck me with your tongue... mmmmm!" After the initial shock and pain, Valerie was strangely aroused by this almost humiliating treatment and did her best to suck and probe the German's cunt in between her maddened thrusts. Her efforts were soon rewarded as Wilma let out a guttural howl and wrapped her legs around Valerie, cumming violently all over the kneeling girl's face. Valerie had never heard of a woman cumming like this as the German had actually squirted gooey strands of pussy-juice onto her face. She wasn't complaining though as she had loved every minute of it and proceeded to slowly lick all over the woman's crotch cleaning all the dripping cum off it. She decided that she liked the taste of a woman's cunt-juice.

"Ohh... Yesss... that's it you cum loving whore... lick it all up... " responded Wilma and told her male companion, "We must complement Lambert for this good cum lapping slut. Not bad for a newbie."

"Yes lets see what else she can do." So saying the German man yanked her around roughly and shoved his cock into her cum drenched face. "Suck on this bitch... lets see if you are as good at sucking cock as you are at sucking pussy." The man had obviously been masturbating while Valerie was licking out Wilma's cunt for he was quite far on his way to blowing his load. Just the vision of him watching the whole scene standing above the two women lost in lust and masturbating his thick eight inch cock turned Valerie on and as a result she proceeded to give him the best blowjob she had had ever given. She had given enough blowjobs in the past six months and promptly coated his throbbing cock with saliva and the left over pussy juice on her face. The man obviously loved it for he grabbed her like Wilma had done before and fucked her mouth as hard as he could. She was almost gagging but soon she was swallowing almost his entire length and jacking him off like a bitch in heat. The man didn't last long and coarsely mouthing some words in German pulled out of her mouth and let loose a spray of thick white semen which splashed all over Valerie's face and hair. The man came for what seemed an eternity and must have come a gallon for her whole face seemed to be covered in cum. 

Even as she was licking up all his dripping cum and cleaning the gorgeous cock before her, Wilma came up from behind her and grabbing her by the hair dragged her to bed. As she dragged the American girl across the floor, Valerie caught the look in her eye and it was of maddened sexual desire. Valerie almost came just thinking of what lay in store for her next. Wilma threw her face forwards onto the bed and gave a sharp slap on her left ass-cheek. It stung but also triggered a minor orgasm in Valerie whose yelp turned into a lustful moan almost immediately. 

'She likes to spanked Gunther. Lets make her happy." This invitation was followed by two harder slaps on each cheek by Gunther. He also kneaded them roughly every once in a while letting his hands slip between her thighs causing her to groan in anticipation. He kept this up or a few minutes and Valerie was so strung out with the need to cum that every slap caused electricity to run up and down her writhing body. Her own cunt was by now dripping wet and she stuck one hand between her legs and began stroking her clit.

"You love this don't you, you little cum licking slut?" asked the German leeringly from behind enjoying his degradation of the hapless American girl. 

"Oh god... Yes... " mumbled Valerie breathing heavily eagerly waiting for the next slap. 'I'm really am a slut!' she thought to herself for she was enjoying every bit of the humiliation meted out to her. 

"Louder bitch... say it out loud... beg for it." growled Gunther from behind almost asking her prove her thoughts. 

"Yess spank me... I'm your whore... a cum loving whore... spank me... do what you want with me... " As these words tumbled out of her panting mouth she realized that her life had changed irrevocably. She could never go back to her old way of life after this. This was what she had been born to do. This was who she truly was. It had simply taken her twenty years to discover that she was a slutty submissive whore. 

As if to cement her new found revelation the slaps ceased and something hard and wet rubbed against her ass and sought out her previously virgin asshole. Even as the words, "No not there, not my ass... I've never been fucked in the ass.." escaped her lips she felt the unmistakable urge to be fucked up her butt-hole. 

"Silence... you American bitch... I'm going to rape your ass and you are going to love it you little slut." The moment Valerie heard these words she knew how right they were. Not only did she want to be taken up the ass, she wanted her ass to raped, to be pounded without any thought for her well being. Just then she realized something else... it had been Wilma who said those words not Gunther! Whipping her head around she looked at Wilma standing at the edge of the bed grinning evilly down at her with an enormous strap-on dildo sticking out from her crotch. Wilma stroked the enormous cock which must have been at least ten inches once and her hands glistened with the lubricant that had been generously coated onto the monstrosity strapped onto her. Then gripping her ass with one hand she guided the huge dildo into Valerie's ass. As it penetrated her asshole, Valerie bit onto the bed sheets below her. It hurt. A lot. Wilma went in slowly at first trying to get the American girl to adjust to the intrusion. Every now and then she went in a little deeper and gently stroked in an and out of her. By the time she had inserted half the dildo up Valerie's butt, the American had begun to enjoy her first anal intrusion. Slowly as the pain was replaced by growing sexual arousal, she started thrusting back at the dildo with her ass. 

"Mmmm... yess... fuck my ass... ohhh fuck." She moaned in between thrusts. All of a sudden The German rammed the dildo up her butt with force and Valerie let out a scream of pain. "Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh... Fuuuuuckkkkkkk... " she wailed as loudly as she ever had. Wilma meanwhile was relentless and pulling out almost entirely rammed it in again. By the third thrust Valerie was screaming for Wilma to fuck her ass. The feeling of ten odd inches of that dildo driving in and out of her butt was causing her to go insane with pleasure.

"OOOh my godddd... Yeahhh... fuck. Fuckkk meeeeee... yes fuck my aaaasss... uuungh... fuck me with your cock... rape me... I'm your slut... your whore... shove it into me... yessss... harder... HARDER... " Wilma was now ramming in and out of Valerie's asshole with reckless abandon and the newly turned prostitute was in turn slamming her butt backwards with all her might trying to suck in more and more of the massive dildo. Finally the anal assault proved to much for the twenty year old American. She had been in a state of continual sexual arousement all evening and now she came as she had never done before. "Ohh my Goooooodddddd... I'm cummmmmming... aaaaaahhhhhh..fuckkkkk... " The orgasm was so intense that she was actually sobbing with pleasure as screamed as loudly as she could. She lost track of time as the orgasm seemed to flood through her for eons and her head flopped to the bed as she tried to catch her breath. Wilma too had slowed a little behind her allowing her to gulp in a few mouthfuls of much needed air. Her respite however was short lived. As Wilma pulled out of her raw cunt she wondered if that was it for the night. She was still so turned on despite that mind-numbing orgasm, that she wanted to continue. And she wasn't disappointed. Wilma's dildo was replaced by Gunther's slightly smaller but still quite large and once more hard cock. 
