 First a little background. My name is Jeremy. At the time this happened, I was 26 and fairly recently divorced from a woman who firmly believed sex was only for procreation. She of course neglected to mention this before we were married. After three children and a vasectomy, I was cut off for good, so moved on.

Allison worked for me. She was 19 and really new to the 'life on her own' scene. She was 5' 2 or 3" tall, 105 lbs, with fine brown hair and a perfect 32-B 22 33 body. Allie also had the face, complexion and personality to match the body.

She shared a two-bedroom house with a high school girlfriend and had recently ditched her previous high school boyfriend, with whom she lost her cherry and had a few rounds of somewhat fumbling missionary style sex.

We were soon attracted to each other and wound up kissing when we were alone in my office. That quickly led to me asking her out. Our first date consisted of dinner, followed by a long make out session, then sex in the back of my station wagon.

Allie was absolutely wonderful, but really uptight about her sexuality. She had serious reservations about her desirability as well as her ability to please and be pleased. Her concerns also included breast size, and her ability to achieve orgasm, as she had never had a vaginal orgasm.

Her previous boyfriend was less than complimentary about her beautifully sized and shaped breasts, telling her that he liked "bigger tits." He had performed oral sex on her a few times, but she hadn't cum. I didn't criticize the boyfriend, but thought here was a really hot young woman who only needed to learn how to be that woman.

I love to please a woman orally and although our second sexual encounter in her bedroom lead to her first orally induced orgasm, she wound up being too tight for penetration. Her vaginal muscle was extremely tight right after an orgasm, but I just kept telling her how beautiful and desirable she was and she eventually relaxed enough to let me inside her.

Once we got going she seemed to enjoy the experience, but then lapsed back into the "I think I have a problem" mode soon after. I thought part of it might be her fear of getting pregnant as she told me she had never before had a bare cock inside of her. She had recently gone on the pill at her now ex-boyfriend's insistence, but they hadn't had sex after that. I assured her that due to my vasectomy, I was certified sterile. Further sexual bouts were better, but Ally could still be pretty tense.

I decided that much of this was a symptom of inexperience and assured her that all was well and she was truly one of the most desirable women I knew. Her response was that no guy would ever be jerking off over her picture.

Over the next couple of months we openly discussed sexuality and put many of our discussions into practice. Allie started to come around. I got her to believe that not all men were solely interested in "big tits" and a quick in and out screw. She started being more proud of her beautiful body and its affect on both others and me while taking a more relaxed and open attitude to sex and all that goes with it. She became the occasional aggressor, putting added demands for pleasure and fulfillment on both herself and me.

I could easily get her off orally and her self-control improved to the point that she would often experience a vaginal orgasm after an oral one. We became very comfortable with each other, including joking about a variety of sexual possibilities, including threesomes with men or women who we found attractive.

All this was highly erotic and pleasing, although I didn't fully realize how seriously Allie was taking these conversations. Meanwhile, I was thoroughly enjoying sucking and fucking the most beautiful and desirable woman I had ever been with.

At that time I owned what was termed a 'tent trailer' camper. This was basically a box on wheels with two beds that slide out and a large tent that covered the entire top. When set up, it provided an enclosed space with two double beds and a small open floor area between them. No kitchen or toilet facilities, but great off the ground sleeping, storage and changing space. We really loved camping in the Southern California deserts, so Allie and I took the tent trailer to one of the state parks several times over our first months together.

Even without facilities in the trailer, we favored remote sites. Our toilet facilities were a small hole in the ground and we had a couple of 'solar showers' that were really just large black water bags with a hose and spray head. After spending several hours in the sun to warm the water, the bag was elevated on a hanger and we took 'navy style' showers.

We would find an accessible, out of sight dry wash or other attractive area and set up our tent trailer camp for a couple of nights. Much of our camping time was spent hiking around the desert, interspersed with lounging, reading and plenty of great sex. Just a totally relaxed experience where Allie and I could unwind from our high-stress technology based jobs while enjoying each other.

This particular day was pretty warm, so we unfastened and raised the tent sides completely, folding them up over the top of the trailer. This provided our beds with a dense shade that protected us from the direct sun while allowing any breeze to cool us. We were completely visible to anyone passing, but were far enough off the highway to make that highly unlikely.

We went hiking in the morning, then spent the early afternoon lounging on the beds, talking and reading, followed by some heavy petting. Allie was wearing a long loose fitting tank top and some loose shorts. I just had a pair of shorts on.

After getting my hands all over her beautiful body, telling her how beautiful she was and describing how every guy who saw her would want to have sex with her, we undressed and moved on to oral sex.

I have never cared much about getting a blowjob, but love licking a woman's pussy. A light thatch of soft well-trimmed fur surrounded the top and outer lips of Allie's puss, providing an exciting target for my mouth. I teased her by alternately blowing, then kissing this fur, and then put my tongue, lips and teeth to work on her outer vaginal lips.

I opened her slowly, finding her small inner lips and finally concentrating on her clit. I spent some time licking her and also put a couple of fingers up her tight snatch. She responded by having one small orgasm, then another stronger one. After an orgasm, Allie's vaginal muscles are extremely tight and they were trying to capture my fingers, tongue or anything else that got inside them. She was really turned on and finally asked me to screw her. I was hoping this would be one of those special times when she would have an orgasm while my dick was inside her.

She was laying on her back across one of the beds. I mounted her, rubbed my very hard dick on her wet entrance and slowly worked it home. She started squirming around and urging me on. I bottomed out and started thrusting in earnest. The wetness and grasp of her recently cummed pussy was just perfect and I was quickly approaching the point of no return.

Allie wanted to turn over and get it doggie fashion as that provides her better stimulation for a vaginal orgasm. I got behind her and plugged her to the hilt. She was in front of me, up on all fours, pushing back and maneuvering my dick to get the best feeling. She reached back under herself and started frigging her clit. That quickly brought her over the edge, with her cunt muscles now grasping my cock as if they owned it.

I managed to hold off until her orgasm subsided. Since I really liked looking into her eyes as I come inside her, I told her to turn over so we could finish missionary style. Once again, I was balls deep in my beautiful girlfriend's very wet, very tight snatch, completely in the open, in the middle of a beautiful desert landscape.

I started using long deep strokes and she put her legs up around my body, raising her hips to help get me to the very end of her. She was excitedly telling me how she could feel me pressing on the end of her and asking me to fill her with my cum. After a series of fast full depth strokes in her grasping cunt, I came so hard that my vision was grayed.

As we both slowly came back to earth, I returned to hugging and kissing Allie's naked body, especially her face, neck and breasts. I was still stuck inside her, enjoying the attempts of her pussy muscles to retain as much of the recently delivered cum as possible.

I finally opened my eyes fully, first admiring Allie, and then looking around and out into the desert landscape. That was when I saw a park ranger standing about ten feet from our trailer. His eyes were 100% focused on Allie and our wilting connection.

After a moment of frozen panic, I realized that below his official short-sleeved khaki uniform shirt, he had his own shorts and underpants down around his boots and was seriously jerking on his rather large dick. I nuzzled Allie and whispered to her to relax and stay still, but that we had company. Her eyes went wide, but she also resisted the temptation to panic.

I whispered that our visitor seemed as excited as we had been and that we just needed to play this by ear. After all, we weren't really doing anything wrong, and the ranger himself was certainly in a seriously compromised position.

I indicated a direction and Allie raised and turned slightly to look directly at him. This had the effect of turning her upper body toward him, providing him a perfect view of her breasts. It was just at the moment their eyes met that he increased the speed of his hand motion, gave a couple of grunts and hard thrusts, and blew several large blasts of white cum in our direction. It shot out very forcefully from the end of his penis, with the first spurts landing at least three feet in front of him. Allie muttered a quiet "Wow!" as he shot off. This vision was definitely a first for both of us.

After a couple of more thrusts and some decreasing cum spurts, the ranger stepped completely out of his shorts. By this time, my dick had deflated and slipped from Allie's well-fucked snatch. We disengaged, rolled slightly apart and said "hi". He picked up his underpants to wipe his dick and hand, then calmly said "Hi yourselves."

Allie seemed to be mesmerized by both his forceful cum delivery and his now softening dick. She was watching his every move as if she was hoping for an instant replay and he was doing the same to us.

I broke the silence by offering him a cold beer. He accepted and started to walk toward the side of the trailer, but hesitated slightly. I told him to come around to the door at the end of the trailer, and then retrieved three bottles from the ice chest.

Not bothering to retrieve his shorts, he just opened the door and stepped up into the small interior floor space. His dick was now semi-flaccid, with the slightly dripping head clearly visible at the bottom of his uniform shirttail. He took a seat on the bed opposite where Allie and I were sitting.

He introduced himself as Rick and sort of apologized for intruding, saying that he worked an early shift and had just gotten off duty. He had noticed our trailer earlier in the day from a distant ridge and was just "checking that we were OK." He said he parked his Jeep around the corner of the dry wash so as to not stir up the dust at our campsite. Allie said, "Well, it looks like we're ALL OK now." This produced laughs all around, with some slightly nervous swigs being taken off our beers.

Rick didn't mention how long he had watched us, but it was pretty obvious that he had seen most of the recent action between Allie and me. Allie had pulled a tank top on, but was still laying on her back with her slightly open legs pointing directly toward Rick. She raised her upper body up, supporting herself with her arms to face him. Sitting next to her, I could see our mutual cum creating a small wet spot where it was leaking from her pussy onto the bed cover.

Although partially covered by the tail of her tank top, I was certain her fur and dripping pussy were visible to Rick. I also thought I saw her sneaking looks at Rick's dick which although flaccid, was pointing directly toward her. I wasn't certain if Allie had registered just how much she was showing to this complete stranger, but the display was mutual, so no one moved to cover up.

Rick was about 25 years old and a pretty big guy at maybe 6' 2 or 3" tall. He was blond, extremely well built, with a nice all over tan, handsome face and closely trimmed full beard. He really looked the part of a well-groomed park ranger.

Allie said we needed to excuse her so she could go pee. Leaving her shorts on the bed, she walked a short distance from the trailer, squatted facing away from us and produced a small stream of piss. Rick closely watched Allie's beautiful ass while I stood to put my shorts on and get a slightly better look at his dick.

Not only was it large, but it also seemed to twitch occasionally, as if it had a life of its own. When finished, Allie came back to the outside of the trailer, took a piece of toilet paper from our utility box, raised her leg on the door sill, spread the nether lips, gave her well-creamed puss a few careful swipes and threw the paper in our burn bag. Rick's eyes closely followed this action and his dick continued to twitch.

Allie then came back into the trailer and sat next to me. She put her arms around me and nuzzled my neck and ear. When Rick was occupied taking a swig off his beer, Allie very quietly whispered, "Is this the one?" I just looked into her eyes and smiled. The combined looks of lust and a trace of fear on her face were amazing. My mind was racing to process the possibilities.

"Another beer anyone?" "Sure!" There we three sat, with Rick wearing only his boots and long-tailed uniform shirt with his recently drained soft dick and balls peeking out from underneath, Allie in her tank top with her soft brown muff showing and me in a pair of loose shorts with a slowly developing hard on. We made small talk about where we were from and what we did while we downed the second round. There was some amount of tension in the air, so I decided to help move things along on what I was hoping would be their natural course.

I said I needed to take a pee and Rick immediately said "I'll join you." We walked out of sight of the camper and stood looking slightly apart while we both emptied our bladders. I finally took the lead, telling Rick that Allie seemed to like him. He said he thought she was beautiful and that he hoped she wasn't angry about his intrusion into our afternoon.

I told him I thought she was far from angry and that she might even have a deeper interest in him. I'm certain he understood, but he continued to play a little dumb, asking what I thought she had in mind. I finally turned to face him, pointed to his dick and said, "I think she would like to try some of that." More twitching while he asked if I would be OK with that. I answered yes, but there would be some rules. That statement seemed to make him a little downcast, but I continued.

I told him that everything had to at be with Allie's permission and direction and that whatever she decided totally overrode both his and my desires. I also told him that he needed to treat Allie as a lover, rather than just a fuck.

He asked about Allie's birth control and I told him she was on the pill even though I had had a vasectomy. After a short silence, he asked, "Is that all?" to which I replied yes. He then said he agreed and that he would try to initiate the action, but immediately stop if Allie gave any sign of objection. Little did we know!

As we turned toward the trailer, I noticed that his dick seemed to be poking out from under his shirttail somewhat more than before. On the walk back, I told him that Allie had only had sex with two guys and was somewhat sexually naïve. I suggested that he really needed to take it easy on her. He just said "uh huh" as we came to the trailer.

Allie was lying on the bed on her stomach, just looking off into the desert wilderness. The hiked up tank top showed her lower back with the shapely flare to her beautiful hips and naked round buns fully visible. Her slightly parted legs showed just a hint of fur and pussy lips visible between them. Rick took a long look at this picture, and then suddenly said, "Why don't we all take a shower?" Before we could point out the lack of such a facility, he said, "Follow me."

We all three walked down the dry wash to Rick's Jeep. He pointed out a small tank and pump unit on the back. He said this equipment was used for first response firefighting, but that it also made a great portable shower, with the water warmed by sitting in the sun all day.

With that, he shucked off his uniform shirt, boots and socks, started the pump's engine, then began to spray himself using the fire nozzle set to a low pressure. I helped him by holding the nozzle while Allie mostly stared at his naked body and its attached equipment. The look on her face seemed to register a high degree of interest.

Allie and I then stripped and Rick held the nozzle for each of us to have a welcome rinse off. While rinsing Allie, Rick seemed to take extra time and care to direct the water flow to all the important places. He was also looking at her body as if making a movie while his dick did some serious twitching. Allie appeared to take little notice.

After rinsing her face and body, Allie lifted one foot onto the back bumper of the Jeep, showing us her beautiful muff with pouting lips with her small hole barely visible beyond. She had Rick direct the water flow between her legs, then ran a couple of fingers between her labia and slightly into her vagina. 

She recovered and disposed of some of what I had recently deposited there, then gave her outer lips, clit and fur a small rub down and rinse off. Rick stared at this display like a starving man looks at a steak dinner. Allie continued to act as if her display and actions were just part of getting clean and cooled off, with nothing sexual about it. I was staring at both of them, just imagining where this was going to finish. 

Rick shut the pump down and we put the minimal clothes we came in back on. We were a little damp, but the sun quickly dried us Allie put her arms around both Rick and me and we strolled back to the trailer.

When we got inside, Allie sat down on the bed next to Rick. I turned to get a beer for Rick and myself. When I turned back, Allie was kissing him. He and I made eye contact as he returned her kisses. They continued to make out and Allie soon started rubbing her hands under his shirt and he was returning the attention by feeling her breasts though her tank top. Nothing very sexual, but the action had definitely started. I was sitting across from them on the other bed watching this scene unfold. Allie put her head on Rick's chest, looked over to me and mouthed "Is this OK?" I nodded a firm yes and continued to watch.

Allie soon pulled her tank top off and pushed Rick's unbuttoned uniform shirt down off his shoulders. That moved things into high gear with Rick caressing, kissing and then sucking her breasts. Allie was appreciating and returning the attention, kissing Rick's face, neck and chest.

With his shirt removed, Rick's hardening penis was in full view. Since he was lying on his side next to Allie who was on her back, his organ was actually resting on the fur patch at the bottom of her stomach. A little trail of pre-cum in the fur marked Rick's excitement.

Allie reached down and put her hand on his penis, seeming to test it for size and texture. When her hand first went around it, she said, "God, you're big!" I really don't think she had actually registered his organ's size until that moment. The fact was he was still only about half hard!
