 While watching the desert fall into darkness, we made a 'dinner' of jerky, nuts and dried fruit washed down by a couple of glasses of wine. After some long silences, Allie finally asked if we had to go home in the morning. The way she asked, I knew she was hoping we could stay and possibly have a repeat of the day's action. I told her we could stay another night if she wanted.

We were lying on the bed, just enjoying each other's presence when Allie suddenly raised her head, looked directly at me, and asked, "Am I a slut?"

I told her that she had just shared one of life's greatest pleasures with two guys who obviously cared for her very much. No way did that make her a slut.

She thought about this, and then asked if I was truly OK with Rick screwing her, even if she really wanted to do it again. I assured her that I thought seeing her enjoying his affections was really exciting and that I cared for her more than ever. I also mentioned that I found it extremely exciting to have sex with her just after Rick had cum in her. She just said, "Hmm, that's interesting."

She put her head down and snuggled against me, pulling my free hand to cover the outside of her damp pussy. We slept pretty well, but I did replay parts of the day's action in my head several times. I also fondled her when I awoke during the night. She appeared to be totally comatose, barely moving during my brief explorations.

When we woke in the morning, we performed our usual get up, wash up, get dressed ritual. We decided to head a few miles to the small village in the center of the park to eat breakfast and get some supplies. During the drive to town, Allie said screwing two guys had really worn her out and that she had been a little sore last night. She said all was better this morning.

I just smiled and suggested we have an easy day at our camp. After a big breakfast, we went to the general store to get beer, ice and snacks. As we came around a corner in the aisle, there was Rick giving directions to what appeared to be some older park visitors. He finished talking with them, then turned to us and politely said good morning, grabbing Allie's hand and giving it a very friendly squeeze.

Allie looked at him like a kid looks at a candy counter. I was certain he was developing a hard-on and he quickly said he had to get back to duty. As he left, he quietly said, "I get off at about 2:00pm. I'll try to come by after that." then walked away.

We finished our shopping, put the stuff in the car, and started for our camp. A mile or so down the road, Allie scooted over close to me, grabbed my hand and stuck it down her loose fitting shorts. I gave her puss a rub, finding that it felt almost as wet as if she had just been fucked. Allie swooned as I continued to work my fingers into her.

After a couple of minutes, she said she just couldn't stop thinking about getting Rick's dick and its attendant cum fully up her pussy again. I told her they were beautiful together, gave her puss a squeeze and said that I too was looking forward to seeing that. I felt her over active pussy produce another small gush of liquid.

Back at camp we just hung out, not going farther than the top of the small ridge that separated our campsite from the highway. We did spend some time making out, but stopped before anything very sexual began. I thought Allie was going out of her way to be attentive, but she was usually pretty open with me, so perhaps that was just in my head.

We took a nap, waking about 2:00pm, then picked up in and around the trailer and campsite. When Allie went to pee, I noticed she came back with her panties wadded up in her hand. I didn't say anything, but took this as a sign that she was dressing appropriately for what we both hoped was an impending encounter.

About 2:30, we heard a car engine approaching and Rick's Jeep came around the corner of the dry wash. We were in the trailer with the tent walls raised. As we got up to go outside to greet him, Allie said "There's someone with him!" Even though it was still too far to see any detail, Rick definitely had a passenger sitting next to him. Allie looked somewhat distraught, but didn't say anything.

We stepped outside as the Jeep came to a stop near the trailer. Both doors opened and Rick and his passenger stepped down. That was when we saw his passenger was a woman!

As we four walked toward each other, Rick spoke first. He said he hoped we didn't mind him bringing his girlfriend Karen, and then turned to introduce us. Rick's girlfriend was slender, tall and blond. She was dressed in a park ranger uniform with the regulation shirt, shorts and boots. I thought she looked familiar, but before Rick could say our names, she said "Well hi Jeremy! Remember me?" My mouth was hanging open and the cat had my tongue.

Karen then said, "Jeremy and I went to school together, a year apart. Sure a big surprise seeing you here!" I finally managed a hello and introduced Allie.

Rick put his arms around both of the girls and started toward the trailer saying how thirsty work had made him and did we have any cold beer. Karen grabbed my arm and put it around her, dragging me along.

We got into the shade inside the trailer and sat as couples on the opposite beds. I passed the beer around and Karen and I told about living in the same neighborhood and going to the same high school. We didn't mention that she mostly hung with the jock crowd while I was a science and ROTC geek.

My first high school girlfriend was Karen's best friend, so we were acquainted even though she was a year younger. I had always thought Karen was beautiful, but the closest I ever got to her was when we went to a beach party and I 'accidentally' saw her bare tits in a changing room. She just turned her naked breasts toward me, thrusting them out and said "Well?"

I turned and fled, but that image was burned in my mind and I spent hours with my dick in my hand reliving that moment. I did dance with her at a couple of school dances and sometime later I overheard her jock boyfriend bragging that he had gotten his hand down her pants, but that was as close as I ever got to Karen.

After the first beer, Karen said that Rick had "told her about yesterday". She didn't mention exactly what he had told her, but the implication was clear.

Rick said, "Wow, that first beer really goes through me. I need to take a leak. Jeremy, want to go?"

We got up, leaving the girls together, and walked out of sight of the trailer. After we peed, Rick moved over to lean on a rock, first saying he was amazed that Karen and I knew each other, then asking, "Do you like Karen?"

I said "Yeah, very much". He then added that after he told her all about yesterday afternoon, she had demanded to come with him today.

He said they had participated in a few group gropes, but were really amateurs in that department. He said Karen was not only a really good fuck, but that she had some special talents and would try anything that felt good. I wasn't certain what he meant, but figured I would like to find out.

During our walk back to the trailer, he asked if I thought Allie would be up for "a little loving." I told him she had been wet between the legs practically all the time since yesterday afternoon. Rick said, "Great! If we play our cards right maybe we can both get some really good pussy." Maybe?

When we got back inside the trailer, Karen and Allie were sitting on a bed together, looking out over the desert landscape, talking and laughing. I was truly wishing I could have heard the girl talk that went on while Rick and I were absent!

Rick reached into his pocket and produced a dubie box with a couple of joints inside. He said "Anyone want to get loaded?"

Allie responded saying "Yeah, that's what I want: Get loaded, then get screwed."

Everyone laughed, but we knew she was dead serious. We sat with Rick and Allie on one bed and Karen and I on the other and passed the joint around. We let it go out after a couple of hits each. Rick started kissing Allie and had his hands all over her upper body, finally pulling her tank top off. As she lay back, I could see a small wet spot on the outside of her khaki shorts.

Karen took that as the signal to undress, unbuttoning her uniform shirt and shucking it off. Her braless tits looked larger, but just as good as they had when I first saw them 9 years before. She smiled and said "Well, now what do you think?"

I said "Beautiful" and moved my mouth to capture a nipple. She was moaning and moving around in short order.

After a few minutes she said, "I want to get more comfortable" and stood up to take her shorts and boots off. Allie was still in her shorts, but Rick was also standing to take his uniform shirt, shorts and boots off. Here were Karen and Rick standing together naked in front of Allie and me. The vision was reminiscent of the paintings depicting Adam & Eve just before the original sin.

Karen was just beautiful. Her whole 5' 10" body was perfectly tanned and I guessed her weight at about 130#. She had high placed firm round tits with nipples that seemed to be at constant attention. Her flat muscular appearing stomach ended in a fairly substantial patch of trimmed blond hair covering the area around her treasure chest. I thought I could see the outline of her pussy lips just under the fur. That really looked like something that would need further exploration. Her firm round buns looked like they were made to hold onto.

They quickly pawed each other with Karen grabbing Rick's half hard cock and bending to give it some kisses and a few good licks. When Allie saw that, she said "Hey, I get first dibs on that."

Karen responded "Don't worry, I'm just helping get it ready for you."

I wiggled out of my shorts and my hard dick sprang out. Karen bent over and gave it a kiss and a few deep sucks. As she did this, Rick grabbed her twat from behind, shoving one of his large fingers in and making her give a small "Ooh" sound.

She then got back on the bed with me. She put my hand on her pussy and I found it was already soaked. I started kissing down her body and finally got to the patch of fur. I gummed her pussy lips and found the hard nub of her clit.

She grabbed my head and steered my mouth to give her the pleasure she was seeking. She had her first climax in about three minutes, but we kept going to another even quicker and harder one. By that time, I had several fingers up her tight hole and she was wiggling around to show me her favorite pleasure points. Allie was always tight, but his woman had incredible muscles inside her. She actually could tighten so hard that it was almost impossible for me to move my fingers.

I heard Allie climax at least once while my face was buried in Karen's tasty twat. I assumed Rick had his face in Allie's muff, getting her primed for an imminent docking with his dick.

Karen played with my dick while she was coming down, then said "Look over there", indicating Rick and Allie. I looked just in time to see Allie perched over Rick in the same position she had used to achieve full penetration the day before. This time it looked as if Rick's cock was really wet.

Allie started with the same rotating motions she had used before. This time she was leaning forward, looking down to see herself getting impaled. Once she got beyond the largest part of Rick's dick, she quickly sank all the way down on Rick's rock hard penis.

When she hit bottom, she looked up to see all three of us staring at her. She just mumbled, "Good, good, good," then started seriously fucking up and down on the huge invader. Rick seemed to be trying to catch up.

I really wanted to get inside Karen, and moved to get her in the missionary position. She complied and put her hand on my cock to guide it past her lips and into her. I worked my dick into her hole in short thrusts with her thrusting back in time. She felt great inside.

I was just trying to keep from cumming when Karen said, "Get behind me". I disengaged and moved around to accommodate her request. She got up on all fours and pointed her body so that Allie and Rick were fully in our view. I rubbed my raging cock over her pussy lips, and sank it to the hilt. Karen moaned and again tightened her pussy around my dick.

I noticed something interesting about Karen. When I pushed fully inside, it felt as if there were tiny ripples or fingers that actually massaged the head of my dick deep inside her. I held myself fully inside her to check this. She looked over her shoulder, gave me a few squeezes with those great internal muscles and said "Pretty tight huh."

Allie still had Rick on his back and was riding his dick for all she was worth. When she looked over at us, she stopped and whispered something in his ear. He said, "OK", and she rose up off him, leaving his large pole sticking straight up. It was soaked with their combined juices. She turned over and assumed the same all fours position Karen was in. Rick moved behind her and started working his dick back into her.

When he was all the way in, he started making circular strokes along with deep penetrations. Allie put her head on the bed, facing Karen and me, then used her free hand to diddle her clit. This was one of our favorite things to do and Allie frequently had a vaginal climax while in this position.

Karen noticed Allie's finger action and started diddling her own clit. That had the effect of further tightening her twat and I knew it wouldn't be long before I made my first cum deposit inside Karen.

Allie was going wild. She was thrusting her ass back and helping Rick find all the hidden corners of her sopping pussy. I recognized her stiffening in orgasm and knew the Rick was getting the ride of his life. It was then that he started flexing his ass cheeks and making the deep straight-line thrusts along with the grunts that signaled his approaching climax.

Just about the time Rick was going off in Allie, I unloaded what seemed to be the largest cum of my life directly at the deep end of Karen's clenching pussy. She seemed to have been in a continuous climax ever since she had seen Rick get behind Allie.

There was a short silence while everyone caught their breath. Karen pulled off my softening dick, saying, "Watch this" while she moved across to where Rick and Allie were still joined like post coital dogs.

Rick was still on his knees behind Allie looking down at her beautiful ass cheeks and the fur-trimmed hole that held his spent dick. He just held still and let Karen grab the exposed shaft of his softening dick and swirl it around in Allie's fuck hole. Allie started moving her butt around and quickly had another small climax. Her twat finally forced Rick's now flaccid member out and she fell forward flat on her stomach. Rick collapsed at her side and Karen returned to the bed with me.

After what seemed an eternity of silence, Karen laughed and asked, "Is everyone OK?"

Rick said he needed to get up and pee. I joined him, again leaving the girls on their own. After a short walk and emptying our bladders, we discussed the girls.

Rick said that Allie was beautiful and had the smallest tightest snatch he had ever been in. He also said that when she masturbated herself during penetration, her cunt muscles grabbed him in such a way that he also had to climax. That was what happened on both occasions that they had fucked, but the first time she was on her back and I was rubbing her clit. Today she had brought herself off, again taking Rick with her.

I told him I knew just what he was talking about.

He confirmed that Karen would rise to an orgasmic peak and remain there for long time periods, rather than peaking and then collapsing. He also said she was sexually very adventurous and had become even more so during their two year relationship.

Then Rick told me that Karen was fascinated by seeing and holding a cock and pussy together. That was why she had grabbed Rick while he was still inside Allie. He also said they had successfully put two cocks in Karen's pussy at the same time and that Karen really wanted a rerun. I eagerly said I'd like to try it.

Rick wondered if Allie would object and also said he was concerned that we couldn't both fit in Allie's pussy without hurting her. He also said he didn't want her to feel left out.

We decided to play it by ear, with Rick suggesting it to Karen while I would find out about Allie's feelings. This turned out to be a needless conversation.

By the time we returned, the girls had used the Jeep's fire fighting water and pump to rinse off. Rick and I showed a little disappointment, as Allie had been a real exhibitionist during the previous day's shower activities. They both giggled something about "boys with one track minds" and we all laughed.

They both had shorts on, but were topless and lay on opposite beds talking. They had turned our portable tape player on and there was some soft music playing. I sat on the bed with Allie and we kissed and nuzzled a little.

We all drank another beer and Rick passed the other joint around. There was some easy talk, giggles and laughter as we sat in various states of undress. I couldn't keep my eves off Karen's fine tits and could also see some of the cum I had recently put in her making a wet place on the crotch of her uniform shorts.

As things quieted and we all lay back on our respective beds, I told Allie how beautiful she was and she responded with some deep kisses and snuggles. Rick and Karen seemed to be in the same quiet space.

After a while, Allie quietly told me that Karen had told her about the most amazing thing and that maybe I'd like to try it. When she said she would even help, I asked what the big secret was, but she just responded with "Maybe you'll see."

After about an hour, Rick and Karen started making out in earnest. Allie also stepped up her attentions to me, but really didn't seem too interested in my attempts to reciprocate. It wasn't long before Rick and I had our shorts off and were both sporting full-blown hard-ons. Karen said something to Rick, and he got off the bed and stood on the floor with his large erect penis standing straight out.

Allie got up and gave Rick's dick a couple of jerks, then turned to me and said "Come here". I stood and the girls pushed Rick and me nearly face to face with our hard dicks touching. They took our tools in their hands and pulled us closer together to put them in an upright position with their hands wrapped around them. We just stood there, ball sack to ball sack with two beautiful women holding our dicks in a bundle.

Karen was sitting on the bed acting as the instructor, with Allie kneeling on the floor, seeming to be inspecting the size of the two cocks they were holding. Rick and I were just trying to ignore each other's direct presence.

Karen: "See what I was telling you?"

Allie: "Yeah, but I think I'm too small to take that."

Karen: "Well maybe you could with a little practice. Remember that you told me you couldn't get Rick inside on the first try yesterday, but he went right in today."

Allie: "Still looks awfully big."

With that, Karen patted the bed and told Rick to come up and lie on his back. He quickly complied. His dick was at full attention, pointing almost straight up. Karen climbed on facing him and reached down between them to rub him in her juices.

She said "Allie, a little help please". Allie first wet her fingers in Karen's juices, then somewhat gingerly took hold of Ricks penis and moved it to Karen's hole as Karen slowly pushed back. Karen's legs were well spread and she made certain Allie and I were watching. Rick was making slow upward thrusts, but since Karen had him firmly pinned underneath her, there wasn't much he could accomplish.

Seeing Allie holding Rick's large penis while it stretched Karen's finely furred pussy lips open, then disappeared inch by inch into her had to be among the most erotic scenes Allie and I had witnessed.
