 I was startled awake by Bee's hand slapping my thigh, her fingers gouging my leg. Through the sleep in my eyes, I could see, in the shadows, Bee arch her back, her breasts rolling on her chest. She let out a, "Ngha!" Trying to get my bearings, to ensure that she was OK, I looked down. My eyes widened and iced adrenaline shot through me as I discovered Jillian's arms encircling Bee's full thighs, her head lost in the valley between. 

My cock engorged rapidly, blood pushed into it with such force it hurt. I stretched up and kissed Bee.

I whispered, "Holy shit, Bee!"

"Hah, I know!" She replied, enraptured, breathless. Her eyes sparkled in bewildered delight in the darkened room.

"Enjoying?"

"Oh fuck!" was her reply. Her arm stiffened; she clawed the bed. Her eyes rolled into her head. She regained focus and looked at me sheepishly. "Sorry..."

"Don't be!" I kissed her deeply, then slid down, stopping at her breast. I flicked my tongue across her nipple. Bee drew in another sharp breath. I flicked her again. Her nipple bunched and swelled in appreciation; her chest rose. I flicked again. And again. As the pitch and volume of her voice increased with my speed, I latched onto her, drawing as much of her mighty breast into my mouth as I could, my hand gripping what remained exposed. I savored the sylvan saltiness of her skin. Bee cried out. She pressed my face into her breast, her fingers digging into my scalp. Jillian continued to minister to her clit and lips.

Bee released my head and franticly wriggled her hand between us. "Your cock...I need your cock..." She wrapped her hand tightly around my shaft, stroking and squeezing harshly. She yanked on it, trying to pull it closer to her. The thick glaze of her syrup that she coated me in earlier that night fused her hand to my shaft. I slid next to her. She painted my pre-cum in circles on her hip with the bloated head of my cock. She yanked on me again. I rose to my knees. The scent of her dried parfum reconstituted with my fresh elixir wafted up. She slithered herself between my legs, sliding my cock into her mouth. She bathed me in her heat, from her tongue on the top of my cock and her breath on its underside and against my scrotum. That I knew she was tasting us—a heady mix of my oil and her honey on my cock—stoked me. I leaned, sucking hungrily on her left breast, craving to devour as much of it as possible. She groaned, the reverberations ricocheting along the shaft of my cock, baffled deep inside me. "Rrrrrahhh," I exhaled into her breast. I righted, steadying myself on her breast, sinking her left nipple into her pillowy bosom with my right thumb. Bee strained to get more of my cock in her mouth. She wrapped her right hand around my cock; I saw her left glide down her body and through Jillian's hair. Jillian chuckled in her throat: She knew what she was doing, that she was doing it well, and that she was in control. Relinquishing my cock, Bee pushed on my left side. Taking her cue, I laid down on my right. Sliding up the bed, Bee turned her head and swallowed my cock in her mouth, her tongue swaddling me. She twisted her body, striving to get more of me in her mouth. In doing so, Jillian had to change her position: she let Bee lay on her right side as she rested her head on Bee's thigh, her chin on Bee's clit, as she feasted on Bee's cunt. 

Bee curved her arm around my hip and, pushing on my ass with her hand, slid me in and out of her mouth, my hypersensitized corona sliding along her firm tongue. Before me was the grand landscape of Jillian's body: the gentle contours of her abdomen, her navel, her dainty breasts stretched tight against her chest, her powerful throat, the black blades of her pubic hair, her full thighs. Aroused beyond reason, I scrambled for Jillian's legs. Pulling her to me, I pushed her thighs open. I suddenly felt a hand cover my face. "No! Please!" She exclaimed, her voice tinged with concern.

"Why?"

"I get really wet."

"I know. I don't care!" Her hand acquiesced. I plunged my face between her legs, pressing her cunt to my mouth, taking handfuls of her ass to keep her in place. Her thighs clamped around my head, extinguishing all sound. Her scent and flavor were more delicate, more floral, compared to Bee's feisty spiciness. Knowing Jillian likes pressure, I ground my chin against her clit; she ground back. I could feel the wiry strands of her pubic hair grazing my cheeks, the thicket on her mons brushing under my chin. My tongue fluttered along her lips, then darted in as deep as it could reach. I sucked her left inner lip into my mouth and lapped it with my tongue. I released it and ministered similarly to the right. I ran my hand along her hip and side, stopping short of caressing her breast. I stiffened my tongue and ran it along her lips, from their union at her perineum up to the button of her potent clit. Bee continued to swirl devotedly around my cock. 

As previewed on her towel the afternoon before, Jillian was indeed wet. I drank her nectar heartily; she warmed me as she trickled down my throat. 

Bee circled her thumb and forefinger constrictingly around my cock while cradling my balls in her palm. Her breathing suddenly accelerated, becoming erratic. She screamed on my cock. Her body seized then jerked. She was coming. Hard. With a muffled but full throated, "Mrrrrrrrrr!," her mouth slacked. My cock pulsed in her relaxed mouth, the top of my staff scraping on her teeth. The scratch shocked me, making my muscles tense, tripping the reaction. The coil spiraled tight, quickly, deep down. My testes scrambled inside me. I gripped Jillian's ass, barking a, "Rrrrrrrrrrrrrah!" into her as my orgasm exploded, the blast shattering inside me, only able to escape through my cock. My body shook as I came intensely, my cock pulsing and spasming against Bee's tongue as she kept me in her obliging mouth. 

As my orgasm waned, and Bee graciously, tenderly embraced my sapped sex in her mouth, I resumed my attention to Jillian, licking and sucking on her clit and lips with renewed rapacity. The avidity triumphed. With her hand fastening to the back of my head, Jillian screamed as her orgasm wracked her. Her body jolted in rolling waves. Her cunt whelmed me with her essence as she came, filling my nose and mouth. I drank her unquenchably, guzzling as much of her honey as I could while still focusing on kissing and lapping her through her orgasm. She overflowed me, her cum running over my cheek and onto her thigh. 

Breathless, Jillian swung her leg off of me and laid herself flat on the bed. Catching her breath, she dropped her right forearm across her forehead. I rested my head on her leg and gently massaged her belly between her mons and her navel, as I felt her body relax. Bee struck a similar pose, her head resting on my thigh. I reached down, running my fingers through her hair. She snuggled up to my leg. Without a word shared, we soon were asleep again beneath the hum of the ceiling fan.