 This happened a good few years ago when I worked in a village Doctors surgery. All characters involved in the story are over the age of 18.

*****

So I pretended that I was gutted. It was the second year running that I had drawn the short straw to be the designated driver for the Christmas party which meant – obviously - that I couldn't drink. I didn't actually mind, because at that time I had trouble locating my 'Off' switch when I had more than a couple of glasses. And the last thing I wanted was to show myself up in front of my bosses.

Our Surgery covered two villages, so to find any kind of entertainment we could really enjoy, we had to head to the nearest town about 7 miles away. The buses stopped running at 11:30 and Taxis on a Saturday night at Christmas time were as rare as rocking horse shit. 

Among the Doctors nurses and receptionists who would be attending the shindig, I would be responsible for returning Locums Tom and John both of whom were in their late 20's and rated an 8 a piece on the reception hot-o-meter; Dr. Lewis, 42 and recently divorced; Shelley and Angie, 20 something receptionists and Olivia our 35 year old Surgery nurse. To save multiple trips Dr. Lewis (also known as Dishy Doctor Dave) had given me the keys to his seven seater people carrier, one of the few things his bitch of a wife hadn't wanted in the divorce.

We started our evening tamely enough in a Chinese restaurant that we were all familiar with. The Doctors sprung for several bottles of wine and over the courses everyone began to loosen up. We then progressed to a large pub with a night club attached where the senior doctors kept the booze flowing. As the evening wore on the senior Doctors, nurses and the practice manager headed for home, leaving us younger ones to breathe a sigh of relief and let our hair down properly. 

Although the others all drank, we danced enough that no one was really pissed. I have always loved dancing and was really getting into some dirty dancing with Tom and Dave, who seemed to enjoy getting their hands on my hips and grinding me into their man bits. John was a little more shy, but was a good mover and, after a couple of tequila slammers with Dave, led me out for a slow dance, maneuvering us to the far side of the dance floor where he pulled me tight into him where I could feel an extremely impressive erection, and then kissed me silly. 

Separating at the end of the song, I was heading back to our table when Dave swung me into his arms for the next slow dance. He too pressed against me and snogged me, running his hands up my sides and whispering a thumb over my nipples to torment me before sliding back down to manhandle my bum. As the song ended a tap on my shoulder revealed Tom who had decided it was his turn. I had no idea whether the Docs were dancing with any of the other staff, I kind of hand my mind on other things. Tom was massaging my butt drawing my into his erection and slowly grinding our hips as he slid his lips down my neck and across my cleavage; nipping, licking and sucking before locating a nipple, hardening with arousal. He nipped that before raising his head to study me under hooded eyes. I've seen that look. That is the look that says 'I'm getting you naked later, and you are going to enjoy it.'

Just when I thought my knees would give way, the music stopped and the lights began to go on. We girls headed to the ladies to remove mascara streaks and try and straighten our hair. When we returned the guys were in some discussion but they broke off when we approached. 

Dropping off was easy, Olive was on the outskirts of the first village, then should have been John, but it turned out John and Tom were going on to Dave's for a nightcap. I had to admit to feeling a little disappointed. It had been a while since my lady bits had seen any action, and being teased by three differently attractive guys had me more than a little moist. Instead next drop was Shelley and lastly Angie.

Five minutes later I drove up Dave's long drive where I would leave the car and walk the few minutes to my flat. 

"Coming in for a night cap Suze?" Dave asked.

"Come on Suze, you haven't been able to have a drink all night, at least have one with us." Tom gave me his best puppy dog look.

"Please Suze, we haven't had a chance to really thank you for tonight." Even Shy John gave me a look.

"Okay then, why not. I've nothing to rush home for and nothing to get up in the morning for."

Tom swung the car door open for me and took my hand bringing me into his body as I stood up. John held the front door for us all as Dave went to find us all some drinks.

I had never been inside Dave's house, the living room was huge with big slouchy sofas and chairs. Tom dropped onto a sofa, still holding my hand, pulling me into his lap. I felt a little self-conscious, I wasn't sure how drunk Tom was, whether he would remember – or want to remember – any of this in the morning, but he obviously second guessed me.

"Relax Suze, it's all good. We have all had a great night tonight, yeah a few drinks, but nothing we can't handle."

Dave returned with a bottle of Balvennie and glasses, he took up the baton. "We wanted to show you exactly how much we appreciate you Suze. Not just for driving tonight, but for everything you do for us all year round."

"Yeah," Said John. "No one else cares enough to ask us how we like our tea and coffee and then remembers to make it perfectly every time."

"No one else knows I need my favourite biscuits to fortify me before seeing Mrs. Baggley." Smiled Dave.

"The others are all great, but you Suze, you always go out of your way to make each of us feel special." Tom was gently massaging my neck and shoulders as he spoke, dropping sensual kisses on my sensitive skin.

"You knew how shy I was and took me around the village introducing me to people helping me to make friends." John was on his knees in front of me now, removing my high heels and massaging my aching instep.

"You let me bitch and moan to you for months about Margaret when she left me." Dave handed me a heavy tumbler of amber liquid.

"So now Suze, we would all like to return the compliment. No pressure, we will do as little or as much as you like. And what happens in 'Daves Lounge' stays in 'Daves Lounge'." Murmured Tom as he nibbled my ear. His hands had worked their way around to my front and were undoing the buttons on my blouse. John had worked his way up my calves now and was gently nudging my legs apart. Dave came and sat the other side of me and helped me out of my blouse as Tom eased the hooks on my bra letting it tumble down my arms.

"Christ." Uttered Dave "I knew they would be beautiful." Almost reverently he caressed my right boob before leaning down to take the nipple into his mouth.

My hips flinched as my core flooded. Holy shit! This was surreal! I had three gorgeous men with hands and mouths on me, offering to do whatever I wanted. 

"Lift up Suze." Where had my shy guy gone? John was looking up at me with hooded eyes as his fingers hooked my panties ready to free them. I lifted and he drew them down, bringing them to his nose to inhale. Tom reached forward and snatched them from Johns grasp.

"Mine." He nipped my neck as he pocketed my panties.

"Ouch! That's going to mark."

"I fucking hope so Suze." He twirled my left nipple as he sucked and licked my neck, Dave was suckling on my right nipple and sliding his hands across my skin. John widened my legs and began to kiss up towards my hot moist centre arousal flooded me and again my hips jerked. I had hands and mouths everywhere. The feeling was incredible.

"Close your eyes darlin' just feel." Toms languid voice soothed me a split second before I lurched. "Holy fuck!" John was grinning at my knees. 

"Hold her down Tom, mate. I need to focus here." He disappeared under my mini skirt and repeated that amazing lick, his tongue hard and rasping up the length of my folds. I juddered with need.

"Nope, this is no fucking good at all. I don't mind you pleasuring my woman John," Tom stated matter of factly. "But I really need to see her enjoying it." With that he actually ripped my skirt off.

"Tom, careful mate." Dave warned him

Tom looked at me. "You trust me right?"

I nodded, too far gone in lust to give a shit if I had to walk home naked. 

"Well okay then, let's get this part started!" He waved his hand at John to continue, while he and Dave fondled and sucked my tits. John smirked up at me and parted my folds with his hands, licking and sucking and tongue fucking me, it wasn't long before I was trembling in earnest and at a nod from Dave he and Tom sucked hard on a nipple each as John sucked my clit into his mouth.

"Aaargh, Fuck! Yes! Fuck!" I lurched into the most incredible climax and descended into gibberish long before they guys stopped sucking, but finally John eased away from my tender clit. 

"We can stop there if you want Princess," Tom kissed up my neck, "Or you can have one or other or all of us fuck you. Whatever you want tonight, a one night only offer sweetheart."

"Can I play with you guys?" I asked, I loved cocks. Oh, I am not a slut, I just love to touch and lick and suck and fuck when I have one to play with. Tonight I would have three to choose from.

"You can do whatever you want." Dave said.

"Then strip, all of you." 

"Yes ma'am!" chuckled Tom as he stood my up in just my hold up stockings. I turned round and round watching my three men as they stripped. Seeing me watch them, they made a show of it, slowing down and taking turns until I had three wonderfully naked, gloriously aroused men within reach. I leaned into Dave and kissed him deeply, as I reached down and stroked his impressive 7 inches. Straight and with a thick girth, his uncircumcised head was bulbous and leaking. I teased a finger across his slit and used his come to lube his stem. I grabbed him at the base and brought my hand back up twisting my firm grip.

His head rolled back and he shuddered "Jesus fuck! That's good." I threw a few more strokes before I turned to John. He was carrying a hefty 8 ½ but not as thick as Dave's. He curved to the side. Also he was shaved and his neat round balls were begging to be sucked. I leaned down and drew first one and then the other into my mouth rolling them around, before licking up his shaft and dropping my mouth over his head. I sucked my cheeks in as I pumped him with my hand. John was trembling and quaking.

"Oh my. Oh... Suze you are going to have to stop that." I just smiled at him as I dropped lower down his shaft "Oh crap." He thrust his hips as his juice flooded my mouth. I managed to swallow as I drew back up, and licked him clean. "Sorry Suze, I've never... no girl has ever..." I smiled and kissed him sweetly. 

"I feel honoured to have been the first then." A hand reached around my waist pulling me into a firm embrace. I reached behind me feeling for Toms tackle.

"I haven't forgotten you," I smiled as I turned, and then widened my eyes as I saw what he had been hiding. "Oh, my!" I looked into his eyes. "Now that... that I want to fuck." He was a straight, solid 8, thick and circumcised and leaking as he absently stroked himself.

"Princess, you will be fucking this every day from now on. What do you want to do with Dave?"

I turned back to the man in question, who like Tom was stroking his comely cock. "I want to fuck that too." I whispered. I could barely recognise myself in the wanton creature I had become.

"Lie down love," Tom lowered me to the plush carpet. He and John knelt each side of me, running their hands up and down me, focusing on pleasuring my breasts. John grabbed a condom from the packet he produced and sheathed himself. Dropping in front of me he kissed his way up my thighs, licking the backs of my knees and stroking the sensitive skin. My legs separated of their own accord as he neared my box of delights. I sighed as he nudged my clit with his nose before he slid a finger into me. He licked my folds, and even after the phenomenal orgasm I had just had, I could feel myself heading towards another cliff edge. As my breath turned into panting, Dave crawled up, kissing me, sharing my juices with me and simultaneously surging into me. I cried out in pleasurable pain as he speared me.

"Fuck Suze you have one tight cooze." He flexed and lengthened his abs working his hips to thrust in and out. Toms hand slid from my nipple down to where Dave and I were joined finding the nub he sought and began circling it. 

"Fuck me Dave, oh fuck me!" I couldn't remember ever feeling so full of lust and need. Dave grinned and began really thrusting into me, Tom worked my clit as John sucked one nipple and twisted the other. I could feel the surge boiling up in me. "I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm." It was all I could mindlessly chant. "Coming!" I roared out, literally lifting off the floor with the force of my orgasm. Dave almost lost his cock when my core clenched around it, he thrust two, three more times before he flung his head back and roared. He dropped limp onto me laughing weakly, before rolling onto his back panting harshly. 

Tom was grinning at me. "Babe, I love your 'come face' he leaned in to kiss me before hauling me into his arms and carrying me back to the sofa.

"But we haven't...I haven't..." I pouted, though for the life of me I had no idea where I would find the energy.

"Dave and John, Babe? That was just tonight. Their way of saying thank you. You and me? Tonight is just the beginning. If you'll have me?"

I grinned at his sudden insecurity. "I will have you in every way you can possibly imagine, and then do it all over again." I drew him down into a kiss. It might be an unusual way to begin a relationship, but then Tom and never have exactly done normal.