 "Ok, lets play truth or dare." Jenna giggled drunkenly from the back seat of the old Pontiac with Frank. The four of them had went into town for drinks, and they were slowly slogging home in the steadily falling snow. John was driving, and at this rate it would be a while.

"I'm game! who's first?" replied Kara from the front seat. She was wearing a tight fitting black dress that kept riding up her thighs as she twisted and turned to talk with Frank and Jenna in the backseat. 

"Jenna, truth or dare?" John piped in to his short blonde girlfriend in the backseat, glancing up in the rear view mirror with a grin. 

"Dare!" 

"Ok, when I hit the freeway flash the first truck driver I pass!" He said mischievously, still grinning at her in the rear view mirror. She replied with a hard smack to his shoulder but started laughing and slid closer to the window.

"Go left at the onramp." Kara added as the streetlamp flashed overhead, marking the onramp exit up ahead, only dimly visible through the thickly falling snow. She had been riding up front to lead him to her house and drop her off on their way. 

He turned left down the thinly blanketed, but freshly plowed road and joined the rest of the sparse traffic on the freeway. The girls giggled to one another quietly, and he gave the car as much speed as he dared to pull them up next to a red semi cruising along tiredly. 

"Ok batter up" Kara exclaimed as the cab of the truck fell back level with the pontiac. Jenna grinned mischievously up at John and pulled her dress straps off her shoulders shimming it down exposing beautiful freckled C cup breasts that she pressed against the side window. Frank looked on hungrily from the other side of the car and shifted in his seat. 

The truck shuttered back and forth a bit with the drivers surprise when he saw her, and the whole car burst into laughing as John slowed back down and let the truck past. 

"Ok ok, Kara, now its your turn, truth or dare?" Jenna piped triumphantly as she slid her dress back up over her breasts. 

"Uhm, dare of course." She replied matter of factly and turned to face Jenna in the backseat, with her back up against the dash. This made her dress ride almost all the way up to her waist and John couldn't help but glance over at the glimpse of her black lacy panties. 

"I dare you to take off your panties and tie them to the antenna!." She barked drunkenly from the backseat, sliding over to the middle next to Frank so that she could face both Kara and John more easily. 

"you bitch!" Laughed Kara, and to Johns surprise she reached up with one fluid motion and stripped her panties off, giving John a momentary glance at her clean shaven pussy before she pulled her dress back down her thighs. Then she turned back around, rolled down the window and leaned out toward the bent and twisted antenna on the hood. A cold blast ripped through the car, and as she stretched out her dress slid up, but just narrowly robbed him of a view of her unclad ass. When she dropped back down into her seat she gave him a knowing grin and her panties fluttered from the top of the antenna. 

"Ok, the boys have been skipped all night! Frank, truth or dare?" She said, turning back to face her quiet bearded hipsterish boyfriend in the backseat next to Jenna. 

"Dare! Bring it!" He challenged with a grin. 

"I dare you to tickle Jenna until she cries Uncle." She ordered with an evil smirk.

"Hey, thats not fair, thats reveng..." Jenna started to protest but she was cut off with a fit of laughter as Frank attacked her flanks with plying fingers and she squirmed back against the passenger door to escape. He prowled across in pursuit and one of her legs kicked up in desperation to struggle free. He fell between her thighs, tickling across her stomach until she reached down to pull his arms back, knocking her loosened shoulder straps down and causing her dress to go with it. 

"Ok, Ok, Uncle! Uncle!" She cried out between painful laughter, and she tightened her legs around his waist using her arms to lift his hands up in the air

He released her with a wide grin and slid back across the seat victoriously. She glared back at him with a smirk and sparkle in her eye.

"Ok, for that I'm taking his turn, Kara Truth or Dare?" She said defiantly as she straightened her dress and replaced her shoulder straps. 

"Fine, dare, do your best." Kara replied with her arms crossed. 

"Hmm, I see some traffic coming up ahead. I dare you to spend the rest of the trip pretending to give John road head." 

Sure enough, a sea of red lights awaited them up ahead, and traffic on the snowy highway had slowed down to a crawl. 

"You bitch! Takes more than that to embarrass me!" Kara replied firmly, giving John a mischievous glare before she slunk over into the middle, placed her hands on Johns thighs and put her head in his lap, bobbing up and down mimicking a furious blowjob. As the approached the slowed traffic they pulled up next to the same trucker from before who glanced down into their car with a new surprise this time. They all laughed as he craned his neck to see in through the windshield. 

"Ok, Now It's your turn Jenna. Truth or Dare?" Spoke Kara from John's lap with a bob in her voice as she bounced up and down. His cock stirred slightly and he glanced down as her chin tapped his lap.

"Why don't you ever pick John?!" Jenna protested with a huffy look 

"John's driving! truth or dare Jenna?" She stated flatly, and one hand slid farther up his leg as she bobbed up and down. 

"Fine. Dare. Bring it." Jenna challenged menacingly with her arms crossed. 

"I dare you to give Frank a lap dance, lets give this trucker a real show." Kara giggled, and drunkenly swatted at the stereo, turning up the Classic rock station that had been playing quietly. She returned her hand high on his thigh, and wrapped her fingers around his leg massaging it lightly.

Jenna laughed and looked up through the window at the trucker as she pulled Frank to the passenger side and crawled onto his lap wrapping her legs tightly around him. 

"We can do that, lets cause a real traffic jam." She tried to reply with a grin, but the Aerosmith and Run DMC playing from the stereo drowned her out. She placed a hand on the window for dramatic effect and gyrated her hips in his lap, drawing the truckers attention fully. 

Frank sucked in breath, caught off guard by the intensity of her commitment to the show, and gripped her hips, feeling his cock harden with her gyrations until his pants tented uncomfortably. 

Similarly, John's cock was hard, and to his surprise being probed through his jeans by Kara's thin sensuous fingers. Without thought his hand dropped from the steering wheel and ran through her long red hair guiding her head up and down as she pretended to suck his restrained cock. 

Traffic in their lane started to move more quickly, and other semis slid by on the passenger side, each one turning to look down the windshield of the old snow covered Pontiac at the frisky show within. 

Jenna saw the trucker behind them squinting to see in through the back window at them, and she decided to up the ante, slipping her dress straps off her shoulders and pushing her dress down revealing her full breasts again, bouncing softly as she grinded up and down Franks lap. 

Suddenly she noticed something she knew she should have expected but hadn't, a hard lump had grown between her and Frank, grinding on her panty clad pussy as she gyrated. Realizing what it was she gasped in surprise and jerked up to make some distance between his tent and her quickly moistening pussy, but in her haste she slipped forward and managed to press her naked breasts into Franks face. 

Instinctively, Frank wrapped his lips around her left nipple and kissed it hard, sucking gently and causing her to draw in breath as she collapsed back down onto his hard tent, and her free hand slid down his heaving chest to his belt buckle. 

John was struggling just to pay attention to the traffic in front of them as it stopped and moved through a blanket of falling snow. Kara's hand was twisting and sliding up and down his solid shaft through his jeans, squeezing in time with the exaggerated bobbing movements she was making with her head. Suddenly she stopped, and he glanced down. She looked up and met his gaze with beautiful green eyes as her hand grasped his zipper and slid it down intently. Her other hand slipped up in front of her bright red lips and made a shushing gesture as her eyes flickered to the back seat and the naked back of Jenna riding Frank. 

He knew he should stop her, but her eyes had him mesmerized, and before he could bring himself to act his cock had popped free, and her pink tongue perked out between pretty white teeth and played teasingly across the tip of his fully erect member. He practically melted in his seat, and with a jerk he pumped the brakes before they drifted into the car in front of them. The sudden movement of the car caught Kara by surprise, and when she bounced back from the sudden stop his cock slid between her soft waiting lips. 

Jenna's hand had tore through Franks belt buckle as his tongue played mercilessly across her hard nipples, and the sudden stop of the car caused her to pull back and tear his pants open. Initially she had only meant to tease, it was part of the show, but his cock was hard and free before her now and when the car shifted it threw her back into him. Without thinking she had attacked him in a passionate kiss, both hands on his bearded face with their tongues interlocked, nothing separating their sexes but the thin soaked fabric of her thong. It couldn't take the gyrations for long however, and before either of them could stop themselves the fabric had parted aside and the tip of his throbbing cock pressed inside her.

Hot heavy fog was rising and covering the windows inside as they all four panted, obscuring them from the view of their intended audience and Jenna moaned, pressing her pussy down onto Franks large cock, engulfing it in the warm embrace of her velvety pussy, and her sweaty trembling hands slid down his face and chest, helping guide herself up as he clenched one of her nipples between his teeth. 

John was struggling to keep in pace with traffic, his mind carried off by the red lipsticked lips wrapped around the base of his shaft, and the long articulated tongue running its length and sucking him gently. Her emerald eyes occasionally flitted up to meet his with a look of passionate lust as she bobbed up and down hungrily. He slid a free hand from the wheel beneath her writhing body, feeling for her uncovered pussy, and softly stroked her stimulated and sensitive clit causing her to thrash in the seat, her hands clasping at his chest and thigh as he felt the soft warm embrace of her mouth engulfing his cock as far down as she could possibly drive it and her moans escaping around it. 

He slid his fingers further down, and into her tight shaved pussy, his thumb passionately driving at her ever sensitive clit. She sucked hard on the tip of his cock, and he pulled back slightly as he felt a building in his loins, trying to warn her of the coming finish, but she looked up at him with understanding.

She reached up and started to rub her breasts in the rhythm of the massages of his fingers, then started jacking his sensitive cock with the tip between her trembling drooling lips. He groaned loudly, thankful to be drowned out by the stereo, and erupted into her waiting lips. His cum flowing again and again, she swallowed and continued to take more, letting it drip lightly out of the corner of her lips until he was done and she pulled back to lick her lips clean. His cock was heavily stained base to tip with red lipstick. 

At the same time Jenna drove down hard onto Franks long cock, her dress torn down to her waist and his shirt ripped open, deep nail marks trailing down his abdomen and her arms wrapped lustfully around his neck as she nibbled his ear. He tried to push her off of him before he inseminated her, but she pressed her hand against the window and drove back down onto him with fervor. Bouncing on his cock, until he lurched and a warm sensation filled her unprotected pussy, thick cum dribbling down her thighs as she continued to ride him through his spasms. 

She kissed him lightly, biting his lip and drawing it back as they slowed to a stop. Breathing heavily she slid off beside him and pulled her dress up covering her heaving breasts as he buttoned his shirt, and they both saw Kara spasming across the front seats with Johns fingers buried inside her soaked pussy, her hands clasping for purchase on the dash and seats, and her mouth open in drowned out moans. A suspicious creamy fluid remained smeared on the side of her face where her lipstick was smudged. 

Kara and Jenna's eyes met as she was in mid-orgasm, and they both grinned in drunken happiness. Neither of them were prone to jealously, and they had both enjoyed this night to fully to feel any regret. It was all primal bliss.

Shortly afterwords they cleared the traffic and made it to Kara's house, deciding to stay the night until the weather passed. 

The following morning they went their own ways, deciding not to repeat the night.

A month later, Jenna discovered that she was pregnant. None of them ever knew for sure, but they always suspected, that this was the night it happened.