 The warm Mexican sea breeze blew gently across the sun-bed which was shrouded in a veil of white cotton curtains. Although not completely opaque, it was possible to make out shapes on each bed nestling into soft pillows relaxing there taking in every breath of warm sea air, and listening to the sound of the Caribbean lapping against the shoreline.

Couples lay on each of around 10 beds that lined the beach, some with their curtains open, some not, carefully concealing themselves from unwanted gaze.

This is Desire resort in Mexico, a place where almost anything goes and where clothes are, well, your discretion. Couples come to Desire to experience fantasies, to play out scenes they have only dared to do in the privacy of their bedrooms. This was the very reason we had come here.

Suzie my wife had long talked to me about me sharing her with other men or couples, but not in a sordid amateur event somewhere, but in a place where Romance meets seduction through a veil of soft cotton sheets and warm sea breeze.

So when we arrived at Desire, Suzie was very excited. She had played out this trip many times in her mind over the last few weeks and she was now finally here.

We were shown our rooms which were delightful and then given a grand tour of the beach and it's discreet beds, then onto the Jacuzzi and the play room. Our guide made sure we understood that in here, anything goes.

Suzie rushed back to the room and started preparing herself for the evenings entertainment which started at 6.30pm in the Jacuzzi. We both dressed in long towelling robes and walked hand in hand down to the tub, which was already being used by several couples. 

We took off our robes and stepped into the water. I glanced across at Suzie who had slid into the water next to an American guy and his wife who looked in their early thirties, and I caught a glimpse of Suzie's freshly shaven and smooth pussy.

I started chatting to a couple from France who were next to me and quickly felt at ease as they were obviously regulars here. The wife had turned half to me to chat and her fabulous breasts were pert and tanned and she would brush them against my arm when she turned around. 

My cock was already starting to throb and grow and she could obviously see the effect she was having on me and I felt her hand slide up my leg as she continued talking to her husband. I felt her hand encircle my cock and pull back the skin and she slid closer towards me. I glanced slightly nervously at her husband who was talking to another couple.

She then lifted her leg across mine and gave me a long deep kiss and I felt her squeeze my cock a little harder. I could now slide a finger inside her pussy which was now exposed and warm and she moaned and shuddered.

In all this excitement I'd forgotten about Suzie, and a slight air or panic rushed through me. I shouldn't have worried. Suzie was already lying on her back sucking the husbands large thick cock while his wife sucked Suzie's tits.

If this was our first night at Desire then the other 13 nights were going to be amazing!

Suzie then slid her bottom out of the Jacuzzi and sat on the edge, with her legs wide open and the husband licking and fingering her intently. She had also been joined by a couple of guys whose wives were nowhere to be seen, and they were letting Suzie suck greedily on their cocks as they stood watching her being licked.

I had long had a fantasy about watching Suzie being fucked by another guy and the reality was sheer amazement, she was loving every minute of it and so was I.

By now the French wife had begun wantonly sucking my cock as her husband watched her, rubbing her back and breasts as she did so. She was running her tongue along my shaft and then swallowing the lot while she slid a finger into my tight ass.

The Frenchman's wife then turned around on all fours and the husband put a hand on my shoulder and guided me towards her. As I approached he slipped a hand down to my cock and stroked it before sliding it into her wet pussy. This was a first for me, never before had a guy felt my cock in such a way and to be honest, it was very horny.

The warm Jacuzzi water splashed around as I pounded her pussy and by now there were maybe 4 or 5 other couples watching us from the side and playing with each other.

Looking across my shoulder, Suzie was now on all fours in the water as well with one guy inside her from behind while she sucked another cock in front of her. There were two other guys now kneeling in the water next to her and I could see Suzie's hand stroking their cocks underwater. This was amazing!

It was all too much for me and I exploded inside the Frenchman's wife's pussy as she came herself and I lay back exhausted. Suzie however was already being passed around between about 4 guys in the water and loving every minute. I watched her take one mouthful of cum and then another, then position herself on the edge of the pool while an older black American man unloaded his big black cock inside her pussy.

Suzie lay back in the water and looked across at me and winked, and I knew that this trip was going to be a special one. Desire Mexico where fantasy meets reality.