 Copyright © 2017 by Olivia Starry

All rights reserved. 

SEXUALLY EXPLICIT CONTENT!

This short story features highly explicit sexual content. All characters within the story are consenting adults, 18 years of age or older. All characters, places and events depicted are entirely fictional and any resemblance to real people, places or events is purely coincidental.

Expect elements of the following: MMF, MMMF, MFM, Cuckold, Cheating, 7400+ erotic words

--Chapter One--

Emily turned her room over. But she couldn't find it. Not under the bed. Not on the shelf. Not on the desk. Under the bedsheets? No, not there either. She groaned with frustration.

"Are you coming?" a male voice yelled from downstairs. "We're leaving."

"Wait," Emily shouted back.

She just had to find it first. Then she smiled and chuckled at herself. It was just laying there on top of her packed bag. She snatched the dildo and tucked it into the bag. It barely fit inside. Then she hurried downstairs.

Steve was waiting on her. She have him a kiss on the mouth. He was her boyfriend of three years, a decently hunky man of 23 years with beautiful blue eyes and blonde hair.

"Great, let's go," he said and took her back. He hurried out of the door.

Emily stared after him with a mildly amused expression. That wasn't the reaction she had been hoping for. Emily was an attractive woman, 21 years old. Her straight, dark hair was arranged in two tiny braids, one on each side, while the rest hung freely down her back. She had a glossy lipstick on, to give her lips just the right touch and shine, to attract the male sex, to beckon Steve to kiss her. The rest of the makeup was also on, especially her eyelids and eyelashes. It really made her blue eyes distinct and her whole appearance seemed more glamorous. But still no reaction or comment from Steve.

And that wasn't to say she had not made certain preparations below the neckline either. She wore a pair of knee-high boots over blue jeans-colored leggings. The tight fit of the clothing perfectly accentuated her firm, round ass. The same ass she spent many days working out at the gym just for it to look like that.

But her best asset was her chest—in her own opinion. Emily's large, 38D tits pressed firmly against the deep purple bra, barely contained within it. Her semi-see through black lace top didn't make any attempts to hide them with its low neckline. The top also allowed onlookers to see her tattoos on her left side ribs and lower back—if they stared intently enough to pierce the semi-transparent material. The entire point had been to tease Steve into arousal by showing off her sexy body. But that didn't work...

As she crossed the lawn from the house to the road, she sighed to herself. She was hot, she knew that. Everyone was looking at her all the time, staring at her tits and ass. But for some reason Steve, her own boyfriend, had only been less and less sexual as time went on. A big reason for dating him in the first place all those years ago had been a rumor about his prowess in bed. And the rumor had been true...at first. But he wasn't as sexual anymore, he didn't seem to want her often enough. She stayed with him for love, but the low sex drive was beginning to take its toll on her. She was so frustrated. Every day she had to daydream about sex with other men, since her own boyfriend didn't sate her hunger enough.

She got into the car, which was a big van that Steve had rented. She squeezed into the backseat with Luke and Mike.

Emily and her boyfriend Steve were going for a week to a beach house in the City. More specifically, Steve and his four friends were going. Emily had only been invited second-hand after Steve realized she probably wanted to spend time with him. The four friends were Luke, Mike, Scott and Devon; the former two of which were now sitting the back seat with her. 

"Do you want to jump over me and sit in the middle?" Luke asked her.

"Yes, please," she said thankfully.

She loved to sit in the middle. She could get a much better view from there and she could more easily talk to Steve in the driver's seat. Luke struggled to slide into her seat while she climbed over him.

"Careful," he said.

"Ow." Emily almost fell, feeling her ass bounce against Luke's chest. But he only laughed.

"Welcome. Now you're sitting next to me the entire trip," Mike said.

Emily rolled her eyes. "Oh no," she said ironically. "Let's switch back."

"I'd love to," Luke said, "but you'll only knock me out with your ass again.

They laughed. Luke and Mike were handsome guys the same age as Steve. They were long-time friends all four of them and she had heard they'd done some really crazy stuff together over the years. Unfortunately, Steve was not living up to that reputation. Thinking about it, Luke was almost better looking than Steve nowadays... Had he been working out more? His muscles were so well defined. It was impressive. She quickly dismissed the thought.

"Off we go," Steve announced.

The road took them out of Milton's Bridge and across Green County toward the City. The City was big, the biggest place Emily had ever been to. And it was on the coast with that lovely white beach. It would take some time to drive there. And already the car was starting to get hot from the scorching sun. The warmest summer in years.

"Can you crank up the AC, Stevie?" she asked. "We're gonna have to ride naked back here if it gets any hotter."

"Sure, sure." Steve fiddled with some controls on the instrument board and soon she felt a cold breeze.

The joke had seemed to amuse the guys. They were still smirking, looking at her. Steve was looking on the road.

"Hey, what brand are those?" Luke asked and touched her thigh, referring to the leggings, obviously.

She almost blushed, getting all tingly from the touch on her leg. "Do you actually want me to tell you? Because I could go on a whole lot about the brands and properties of my wardrobe."

The warning had gotten through to him. "On a second thought, no. That sounded awfully threatening." He removed his hand, leaving a cold empty sensation on that spot.

"It's a powerful weapon, a woman's wardrobe," she said with a dramatic tone. "I can bore you to death."

"In your defense," said Mike, "you're too funny to bore us."

"Oh, isn't that sweet," Emily said with an exaggerated baby voice.

She quite enjoyed sitting between the two guys. It was a breath of fresh air from the staler mood at home. She did wish for a bit more space though, but seeing as they were both in pretty good shape she had to be content with being squashed between them.

It took them two hours to get to where they wanted. Steve pulled the van into the final stretch of road that ran parallel to the beach.

"Oh wow, what a view," Emily erupted. "Did you really rent us a beach house here?"

"Yep," he answered, quite proudly.

"Which one is ours?" Steve's friend Scott asked from the front passenger seat, spying wildly ahead.

"That one," Steve said and pulled abruptly into the driveway.

It was just a very tiny lawn and a driveway for a garden. But the house was amazing. Two floors high, woodwork painted in light blue. A big, white double door opened up to a wooden deck that went along the whole front of the building. There was furniture on it and a big grill for barbecue parties.

Everyone launched out of the car, running around looking at everything. Emily paced the lawn slowly. She looked at the house, then turned around and the beach was right there just across the road. This was amazing.

"You, my friend, have done an excellent job," Devon said.

"Let's check out the house," Steve exclaimed and ran to unlock the door. They poured inside, disappearing in an excited hunt for the best bedrooms. At least that's what Emily thought they were doing.

"Shall we go inside?" an overly exaggerated voice said from behind her.

"Oh, hi Luke."

He had stayed behind with her. How nice. Now she had someone to explore the house with.

They must have spent at least thirty minutes going around the house. It had a nice, big kitchen and an even bigger living room area. That plus a bathroom basically made up the entire first floor. The upstairs was just one long corridor with four bedrooms and another bathroom.

Steve had occupied the biggest room, so she dropped her things off there. Then she followed Luke to see his room. They went into the room that was the furthest away from hers and Steve's. Mike was already in there.

"Saved you a bed, Luke. Hi Emily."

She waved.

"Nice," Luke said. He threw his bags on the bed.

"What now, the beach? Emily?" It was Luke asking.

"Actually," she said, a thought crossing her mind. "We passed that small grass pitch just a stone's throw away back up the road. There was a small market there. I want to buy something."

"You want to shop?" Luke asked. "Go find Steve then."

"Help me find him," Emily asked.

They went together and found Steve on the porch.

"No, I don't have time," he said. "I need to check a few things with the house. Just some stuff that needs to get done. Can't you go with her, Luke?"

"Of course," he said and smiled.

Emily smiled back. They easily found the market. Most of the visitors were probably people from out of town who rented houses along the beach. As they walked among the stalls, she felt the eyes on her. Nearly all the guys they passed turned to look at her. At first it was uncomfortable, but only for a short moment. Then she started enjoying it. This was what it felt to be appreciated. She knew it was largely thanks to the lace top and the daring cleavage she was sporting. Her tits always drew looks from drooling guys. Just the way she wanted it to be.

Luke walked very close to her. "What do want to buy?"

"There," she said and pointed. "I want to buy a dress for tonight."

He lead her over to the stall. "Which one do you want? This one?"

"That one?" She took it off the hanger and examined it. It was a dark blue dress with barely visible horizontal lines sewn in the fabric. She eyed Luke suspiciously. "This one is a bit short...and tight."

"But it's hot," Luke defended himself. "What? You weren't coming here to buy ugly clothes were you?"

"No," she admitted playfully. "But hey, thanks. Implying that I need to get better looking clothes. Am I that ugly you think?" She was only saying it as a joke.

"No, no. You're really hot right now, Emily," Luke said.

That was—That was inappropriate. She felt all warm on the inside again. She eyed Luke quickly. He wore a pair of jeans and a tight-fitting t-shirt. His brown eyes glistened and the dark blonde, short hair seemed to fit him perfectly. She was unprepared for this sudden attraction to her boyfriend's friend. But he had been so nice the whole day, and now he was being forward.

"Or are you gonna buy something else?" he asked.

She snapped out of her forbidden fantasy. "It looks nice. I'll take it."

The sudden desire for Luke was on her mind the entire walk back. The rest of the gang was on the porch when they arrived, preparing the evening meal. A new person she hadn't seen before stood with them. He looked to be way over thirty and was actually really good looking.

The stranger extended a hand at the sight of them. "Nick," he said. "I'm your neighbor."

"Oh, hi," Emily said happily.

"We're making food," Steve said. "It'll be ready in an hour."

"I'm just gonna change into my new dress," Emily said. "Will you help me, Luke?"

"Sure," he said.

They went into the house and up the stairs. When they got into her bedroom she swore. "These windows are really big." The curtains were on the floor, not put into place yet. "I can't change here."

"We'll go to my room," Luke suggested. "I'll help you get zipped up."

The moment they arrived Luke closed the door slowly. A sudden tension engulfed the room, it seemed to her. Her breathing speeded up. She began to take her top off. Luke had known her for years. He could handle seeing her in a bra and panties. She let the lace fabric stroke her hair before she dropped it innocently on the floor. She bent forward to take off her boots. One by one she pulled them off. Glancing over her shoulder at the transfixed Luke, she let her jeans leggings drop to the floor. She was baring her ass and thong underwear to him.

"Emily..." he said slowly.

"Can you hand me the dress?" she said and turned around.

Her large 38D tits were in full view of Luke now except for the purple bra that could barely contain them. Luke's mouth was hanging and he looked like he wasn't really aware of his surroundings anymore.

"The dress?" she said, enjoying the feeling of power she felt, knowing how distracting her half-naked body was.

He stumbled forward and handed it to her, still silent.

Emily pulled in on. The fabric felt lean and it fit well. Wow, this one had a low neckline too. She smiled looking down on her cleavage. It barely fit over her ass, that's how short it was. No wonder Luke had wanted her to pick it. But it was a good choice. She would be really hot for the evening.

"Zip me up?"

She heard footsteps on the floor. Hands fumbled with the dress. Another footstep, and something touched her, pressing against her ass. She heard the distinct sound of a zipper being zipped.

"Luke...?" she said and turned around. She found herself face to face with Luke, who was standing intimately close to her.

Her eyes slowly wandered down. She saw the bulge on his pants. That's what she had felt. He was having a raging hard on. She looked up again, surprised.

Suddenly Luke's finger gently stroked her soft cheek as he looked into her eyes. Why she did it, she did not know, but Emily slowly reached to touch his cheek also, before she lifted her head slowly. She looked into Luke's eyes. Lost in the moment, she leaned forward and gently pressed her lips against his.

They kissed for a moment, lips touching as electricity seemed to fill the air and spark around them. Softly they kissed and stroked each other's cheeks. Then the electricity exploded. Luke's desire had gotten hold of him. He mashed his lips against hers, his tongue feeling its way inside to dance with hers.

"What—" she said but let him back into her mouth immediately. She let go, she let it happen.

They were passionately making out. Emily played with her tongue, feeling his do the same. His hot lips melted with hers.

"Mmmph," she moaned. "Mmmph," she moaned again.

As their lips smacked and kissed, Emily wrapped her arms around Luke, pulling him closer to her. She felt his bulge against her, his throbbing, hard cock beckoning from inside his pants. With one hand she was pulling up her dress, and with her legs she wrapped around Luke's leg.

Suddenly Emily broke the kiss. She looked him deep in the eyes for one short, infinitely long moment of depraved lust and passion, then she dropped softly on her knees before him.

Luke fumbled with his pants and let them drop. She grabbed his underwear and pulled out his hard cock. Her body was on fire with erotic passion. She gently grabbed his shaft. He was so big. Bigger than Steve. Harder than Steve.

He stayed her head. "We shouldn't."

"I know," she said.

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Yes," she moaned. "Very sure."

The moment Luke's dick touched her lips felt like an eternity. Slowly, the hard shaft pressed into her. It stroked against her tongue, deeper, deeper. When he closed in on her gag reflex, she stopped him and began to pump his cock. She worked it slowly at first and then faster.

Luke moaned with pleasure, completely engulfed in his burning lust and desire. From the looks on his face, Emily knew she had never seen a man be this horny before. Luke was absolutely lost in his erotic desire for her.

The sensation of having his cock in her mouth was amazing. This was not supposed to feel right. But it was so hot, so amazingly surreal.

A knock on the door jolted her to a standing position.

Luke scrambled to pull his pants up. He zipped them closed with incredible speed.

"Come in," Emily said.

"Your dress," Luke hissed.

She looked down. Oh shit! It was still pulled up. She tugged it down quickly just as the door opened.

"I was starting to wonder were you were," Steve said. He looked at her. "Wow, what a nice dress. The food is ready. Let's go."

What followed was an awkward dinner. She and Luke exchanged glances. Glances that only they knew what they meant. And Emily knew she wanted more of this.

She would have Luke again.

--Chapter Two--

Emily had accidentally cheated on her boyfriend. She had given his close friend a blowjob...after an intense kissing session...which had been preceded by her yearning after him the whole day. But it had been an accident. She hadn't meant for it to happen. It wasn't what she wanted...

Fuck. She was so hot for Luke right now. It was what she wanted. She wanted Luke so badly. She wanted to feel him inside of her. She wanted his lips to touch hers again. She wanted to taste his big cock again. God it had felt good to blow him. The sexual sensation had been incredible. The thrill of breaking the rules, the feat of discovery, the shame of her actions, it all contributed to her feeling alive and appreciated for the first time in a long time. This was the missing piece of her that she had needed. She just never thought it would be Luke who would give it to her. But currently, he was all that was on her mind.

The other things were a distraction. Even Steve was a distraction right now. It was just temporary—of course. She wanted to take the chance while she had it. Get some of her kinks out of the system. She had already crossed the line once now. She had sucked Luke's dick. She might as well get her full share before she went back to follow the rules again. She imagined Steve would be angry anyway if he found out, so she should just sleep with Luke while she had the chance. God, she really needed to sleep with him. She couldn't go one more day without it. Not now that he had teased her. Had shown her he was willing. And she knew she was. What a surprising turn this trip was taking.

For today she was wearing a black lace bra and lace panties. They perfectly showed off her tits and ass. Luke would love this. She picked a pair of transparent stockings with a lace top. Lastly she picked a gray and black clubwear mini dress that only just reached down to the stockings. It didn't cover her cleavage at all. Now she could show herself off to Luke without it being too obvious. She smiled at the look of herself.

When she came out on the porch for breakfast, everyone's heads turned. Mike and Scott looked, followed her with their gaze. Dylan had his eyes firmly on her tits. Steve was looking also, smiling at her. Luke sat by the table, transfixed. She knew he knew she was dressing up for him. It was a secret only they knew.

"Is this for me?" Emily asked and bent forward to pick up a sandwich. She did it right before Luke, so her ass was almost in his face. She glanced up and saw the guys staring at her, taking in the sight of this sexy girl parading before them.

"You can take it," Steve said.

Emily sat down beside Luke. She whispered so that only he could hear. "I want you today."

"Me too," he said back. "I can't believe you're so hot."

"It's for you," she said and parted her legs slightly.

Luke lingered with his gaze down there.

After breakfast they went to the beach, so Emily had to change into a bikini. Of course she picked a sexy one, a white set that was very revealing. When the guys asked, she went into the water with them while Steve was guarding their things on the beach.

She was laughing, getting splashed on and throwing a ball with them. She could feel their eyes on her all the time. Not just Luke's, but Mike's and Dylan's and Scott's too. Whenever they thought she wasn't looking, they were ogling her tits or staring at her ass. It didn't matter that she was their friend's girlfriend. They wanted to check her out anyway. She smiled knowing that in their minds they likely fantasized about being with her right now. And Luke's fantasy would soon come true.
