 I sat watching TV as Mike, my husband, and his best friend Eric was in the other room surfing the net. I started daydreaming paying no attention to the TV. I am daydreaming about the day my husband shared me with the only other man I have been with, Eric. That was a great day! It felt so good having both of them, their bodies, the way they smelled, tasted, felt. Oh! I am getting wet thinking about it. I want it again but how could I; his wife is MY best friend! She has said that she didn't care, but was she serious? On the other hand, was she just playing along with Mike and Eric's normal and constant sexual perversions and suggestions? Mike and Eric have always said they were brothers, they're not, and that they share and share alike, everything! I want them so bad right now; could I have them both again? Mike, I know, would jump at the opportunity, would Eric? The question isn't could I, I would, but should I?

OK, here I am, two handsome men, I'm hot and bothered wanting them both. Mike has said he would love to share me with him again and get really kinky. He has made it clear that he would love to watch, hear, and see me let loose. He has made it clear that it is a big turn on for him to watch me suck and fuck and right now, that is what I want. He wants to taste my pussy after Eric has fucked it and filled it with his juices. He loved the way it felt after it was freshly fucked and filled, so did I!!! My lusts and desires are taking over my common sense, I'm going to fuck and suck those two!

I walk to the family room where they are as well as a couch and recliner, lucky me! They are looking at porn; I may just get everything I want. I turn and look at both of them with hungry eyes. It's now or never, I'm nervous but why? I've had them both before. "So, do you two want to look at that stuff on the computer or have it for real?" They look at me with that oh so confused look. "I want to fuck and suck you both, right now; right here and I want the three of us to have fun, wild and uninhibited sex!"

My hopes and desires are about to come true, they get up and walk towards bulging pants, sex hungry appetites and me. We all start to undress; all looking at each other, waiting, wanting what is coming.

They set me on the couch and both take a nipple in their mouth, oh GOD they feel so good. My pussy is getting wetter as they suck my tits and both are fingering my wet, hot pussy. I'm in heaven. Eric moves down my belly to my pussy and starts to lick and nipple. I put one hand on Eric's head and pull him into my wanting pussy. His lips and tongue feel so good on it as he eats away on my bald pussy. Mike is stroking his dick while watching my pussy being eaten good. I see a glistening drop of juice on the tip of his dick and I want it. I pull him into my hungry mouth and suck his dick like never before; I have lust eating my pussy and love in my mouth.

Eric is stroking his dick while eating me, my mouth full of my husband. Mike can't take it, "fuck her, I want to watch your dick in her pussy." Eric wastes no time complying with his wish and places the head of his dick at the entrance to my love canal. Mike pulls out of my mouth to watch as Eric pushes his manhood into my hungry pussy. I let out a moan, Mike does too!!! He wants to watch me get fucked! What a wonderful husband. Eric starts pounding my pussy and I start moaning in ecstasy. 

"Fuck me, fuck me good, it feels so good," are the words that escape my lips.

"I'm going to fuck you, I want to fuck you all day, you feel so good, and I want to fuck you so bad." 

"I love watching his dick in your pussy, fucking your pussy and I want to watch his dick fill your pussy with his cum," my husband says. It is clear that he is very turned on by the sight; the entire head of his dick is soaked with his seed! I want it too. I take him into my hungry mouth, lick, and suck him. This feels so good; I have one handsome man fucking my pussy and another fucking my mouth. I would love to feel them both cum in me at the same time. I'm hungry for their bodies, their dicks, their cum and I want it all. Eric is pounding away at my pussy taking a taste of my breast every now and then while Mike is sliding his tool in and out of my wet and warm mouth taking a nibble of my toes that are raised up high. Eric, after a rather long period of pussy pounding is ready to cum and Mike makes sure to let him know he wants him to cum in my pussy. He wants to watch Eric's dick fill me with his seed and taste our mixture. Fill me he did! I could feel him spurt, 5 or 6 times he spurted into me. I swear he was shooting his seed straight into my cervix! 

As Eric pulled out of my pussy, Mike makes his way to my pussy. He starts to lick, then after a few licks his face is buried in my freshly fucked cum filled pussy. He must like it, I know I do. "Oh yea, eat me, eat my cum filled pussy, oh it feels so good, does it taste good?" He pulls his tongue out of my pussy and plants a big kiss on my lips.

"It does, what do you think?" 

His lips always taste good but they taste extra good now. I want more; I pull Eric's semi hard cock to my mouth, and start to lick him like a Popsicle. I pull him out of my mouth, tell my husband that he tastes good, and offer a taste to him. I wasn't sure about this; we have talked about it but never in detail or length. I would in some ways like to watch them suck each other but have reservations in other ways. My question is answered as he slowly and carefully takes Eric's juice covered dick into his mouth and sucks. I watch for a moment or two before taking Eric's balls into my mouth. As I did, I heard a very pleasant moan come from Eric. He likes it too. Mike releases Eric's dick from his mouth, grabs his dick, and fills my pussy with his manhood now. Oh, he doesn't know how good it feels, I love to feel his dick in me, anywhere!

By this time, I've cleaned Eric's dick thoroughly and Mike is ready to give me his load of seed. Here I lay, pussy well fucked, filled with cum from both of them, and never wanting it to end! 

We all three went on like this for a few more hours; Eric tasted Mike, me getting well fucked and in many different positions too. They felt so good; they tasted so good. Eric finished our little session with me on my back, legs spread and pounding my pussy to no end. He pulled out on this one and shot a load all over my belly and breasts. What happened next took me by surprise, they both leaned down and started to lick me clean, getting a tongue full of cum and taking turns kissing me. 

I wish this day would never end but all good things must come to an end.