 This is the third installment of the Britney Spears series following "Piece of Me" and "Toxic". While this story stands on its own you may wish to read the first two parts. This story introduces Deb, a fanatical Britney Spears fan, who will do anything to meet her idol. There will be one final installment to this story where you will find out if in fact Deb is successful in her hunt for Britney.



The Hot Tub

"Oh fuck... oh fuck... uuuunnnnggghhhh..."

Her pussy clenches around the vibrator up her cunt. A trickle of cream oozes out from her slit and slides across her asshole. Deb sinks back into the couch and tries to catch her breath. Her eyes are glued to the big screen TV. She is watching the new video that Britney made with that gymnast Shawn. It is so damn hot. It is no act either. Deb is sure that they have been fucking.

Deb has lusted after Britney since the first time she saw her. Her pussy gets wet when she watches Britney dance and right now her pussy is throbbing. Deb wants to lose herself in those magnificent tits. And she loves the way Britney's ass jiggles when she moves. She feels another orgasm building in her belly as she watches. She rams the vibrator up her cunt. Her insides explode. She screams. Juices gush from her pussy.

Deb knows she should put the vibrator down but she just can't pull away from the video. It's not just Britney. Shawn's compact body is full of sexual energy. Her powerful legs and muscular thighs move with an explosive and erotic force. Shawn's tiny feet are incredible too. Deb could suck her toes all days. She touches the vibrator to her clit. A third orgasm hits her like a thunderbolt.

The video ends. Deb puts the vibrator away. She needs to get out before she fucks her pussy into oblivion. She decides to head over to the Bellagio and hang at the pool to cool down. She pulls off her tank top and shorts and digs her bikini out of the drawer. Before putting it on Deb admires the sexy 30 year old in the mirror. 

Deb has always been proud of her looks. The cute blond staring back at her has an innocent smile and sparkling blue eyes. Although she is only 5 feet tall her body is nicely proportioned. What stands out, though, are her tits. They are magnificent and hang from her chest like two ripe melons about to burst. She rubs her fingers across the nipples sending shivers through her body.

When she arrives at the hotel Deb goes into the changing room and steps out of the cut-off jeans and t-shirt covering her bikini. She pulls on a short white wrap and heads for the pool. It is quite crowded. She spies an empty chair and grabs it. She is about to remove her wrap when she hears a male voice behind her.

"Excuse me, Miss... um... but, well, this is kind of embarrassing." Deb turns and sees a good-looking man in his early forties. "You see I lost a bet and my punishment... well it's not really a punishment... but you see I'm supposed to ask if you want to join us in the hot tub. We have a private one inside."

Deb stares him up and down. She sees the wedding ring on his finger. He must be with a group of men out to do Vegas without wives. She is about to dismiss him, but he looks so shy and innocent and harmless. She decides to string him along a little longer.

"Why me?" Deb asks.

"Well, you're young and pretty and you look so, um, wholesome is the word they used. They picked you because they expect you to turn me down – maybe even slap me. They'd all get a big laugh out of it. Look, I'm sorry Miss. Please don't be mad at me. I won't bother you anymore."

Deb is flattered. Besides, she is still horny from her earlier session with the vibrator. A group of men in the hot tub could be fun. It has been a while since she has entertained several men at the same time – not that she is going to, but she decides to play along just to see what will happen.

"I'm not mad," Deb tells him. "Why don't we go meet your friends? Let's have a little fun. That way the joke will be on them and not you."

The other four are at a nearby table watching. They all look shocked when Bob returns with Deb. She can see a wedding band on two other fingers but guesses that they are all married. She decides to tease them a little and lets her wrap slide to the ground. Their eyes grow big as they gaze at the huge pair of tits about to burst from the tiny bikini top she is wearing.

"Hi. I'm Deb. It's so nice of you to invite me to join you," she says in her naturally high pitched voice that makes her sound like a young girl. "I just love hot tubs."

They move inside. Deb slides into the bubbly water between two men with hairy chests and dark hair. Directly across from her is Bob. Two other men in their mid forties are next to him. She slides down until just her head is above the water and looks over at Bob. Deb is feeling naughty and decides to tease him. Her foot slides up between his legs. She rubs his cock through his swim trunks. Bob's eyes get big. He looks around to see if anyone else notices. The bubbles in the water hide what she is doing.

Deb feels him grow hard. She slides her foot under the leg of his loose trunks. Her toes touch the naked flesh of his hard cock and rubs against it. Deb slides her other foot up his trunks and curls the toes of both feet around his shaft. She slowly jerks him off. His face contorts in agony just before hot cum squirts between her toes. It takes all her will power not to reach down and touch her throbbing clit.

Deb pulls her feet out from Bob's swim trunks. Now she is feeling really adventurous and naughty. She slides lower and moves her feet between the legs of the two men sitting on either side of Bob. She can feel them grow hard as her toes massage their cocks. She drops her hands onto the thighs of the two men sitting next to her and slides them up their legs. Her fingers squeeze their growing cocks through their swim suits.

The guys quickly figure out what is happening. A flurry of activity ensues. Deb feels several hands groping her. The bikini top disappears. Someone else pulls the bottoms down her legs. The two guys sitting next to her kneel on the seat of the hot tub and wave their hard cocks in her face. She pushes them away and stands in the middle of the tub. Their eyes feast on her huge tits which hang majestically from her chest.

"Not so fast boys," she tells them with a playful grin. "I want you all to remove your swim suits and sit in a circle around the edge of the hot tub. If you behave yourselves you'll get rewarded. If not I'll just pick up my bikini and leave."

They scramble to do as ordered. Their tongues are practically hanging out of their mouths. Deb loves the power she has over them. She can feel it tingling in her pussy. She puts on a little show for them by squeezing her tits and sucking on her own nipples. She picks her first victim and kneels on the hot tub seat in front of him.

His cock is on the small size but that doesn't matter to Deb. She leans over and slides her nipples across his swollen knob. She spits on it until it is covered with saliva and then moves it between her soft white melons. Deb massages his cock with her tits and looks into his eyes. She can see the agony of the pleasure she is giving him.

Deb slides her mouth over his cock teasing his knob with her tongue. She hears his moans and drives him into her throat. She feels him swell and moves her lips back to his knob. Spurt after spurt of hot cum explodes into her mouth until it is leaking out from the corners. When he is finished Deb lifts her drooling lips from his cock, looks into his eyes and swallows.

The next cock is longer and shaped like a banana. Deb repeats the ritual by spitting on his cock and sliding it between her tits. Although she loves being tit fucked, she wants to get him off quickly. Deb takes him into her mouth and down her throat torturing him by licking his balls with her tongue while his cock is buried deep. When she moves up his shaft to his knob he swells almost immediately. 

Deb pulls him from her lips and aims his cock at her tits. Streams of hot cum spew all over her creamy globes. She can feel it running down between them and dripping from her nipples. She looks up at him and rubs his cock through the creamy mess on her tits, then lifts it to her mouth and licks it clean.

The next victim has a long thin cock. Deb jacks him off with her hand and spits on his cock until it is drenched in saliva. Her fingers twist and turn around the throbbing flesh as she pumps him rapidly with her hand. She can see the agony on his face and knows he won't last long.

"Cum for me baby. Cum all over my face. I want to feel it running down my cheeks and dripping from my chin. Hurry baby. I want your cum."

Deb slides her lips over his knob while she continues to stroke his cock twisting and turning it with her hand. She feels him swell and pulls him from her mouth aiming the tip at her face. Thick ropes of hot cum splash onto her cheeks and across her nose. More hits her between the eyes and lands in her hair. She opens her mouth and feels the last few spurts shoot onto her lips and tongue.

Her face is dripping with cum when she moves to her next victim. His cock is long and thick with a big purple knob. Deb slides him between her tits and fucks him with her two soft melons. She lifts her head and gazes up at him with lust filled eyes. Cum is drooling from her chin. She has a look on her face like she is about to have an orgasm which isn't far from the truth.

"Fuck my tits baby. Slide your big cock between my two beautiful babies. Do you like them? Do you like fucking my tits? Do you want to cum all over them? Or do you want to cum in my mouth? I like that too. It makes my pussy wet just thinking about it."

She slams her mouth onto his hard cock and opens her throat. Her lips travel down his shaft until they are pressed against his pubes. She teases him with her throat and licks his balls with her tongue. She moves up to his knob and teases the underside with the tip of her tongue. Seconds later she feels him swell. A torrent of hot cum pours into her mouth.

Deb keeps her lips tightly wrapped around his shaft. Jet after jet of thick seed splashes off the roof of her mouth and pools in the opening to her throat. When he is finally finished she leans her head back and stretches her lips open to show him the huge load he has deposited in her mouth. She gargles and then lets it trickle out over her lower lip until it runs down her neck and between her tits.

Bob is her last victim. She has something special planned for him. After she teases him with her tits, Deb takes him into her throat. When she feels like he is about to shoot she pulls away and looks up talking dirty to him telling him how much she loves having her tits fucked and how wet her pussy is getting. She sucks his balls into her mouth while she jacks him off. She brings him to the brink again and then backs off. 

"Have you ever fucked a girl in the ass, Bob?" Deb asks while pulling away. "No? Well this is your lucky day."

Deb stands on the hot tub seat and turns around. She lowers her ass to his hard cock. Reaching between her legs she grabs his throbbing shaft. It is still drooling with spit. She presses the head against her sphincter and slowly sits down impaling her asshole onto his length. She moves against him by rotating her ass and lifting up and down. She loves how it fills her each time she feels it plunge into her body.

Deb moves a hand to her clit. She needs to cum badly. Sucking all those cocks and feeling cum shooting into her mouth and on her tits and face has her pussy throbbing. Her fingers move faster and faster across her clit. The pressure in her ass is incredible. She slides a hand to one of her tits and pinches her nipple. Ripples of pleasure explode through her cunt.

Deb hears Bob grunt. Hot cum sprays into her bowels. This new sensation sends her over the top. Another orgasm gushes from her pussy and drenches her fingers. She finally lifts off of Bob's wilting cock. Cum oozes from her asshole and streams down her thighs. She falls into the hot tub and lets the bubbles massage her excited body. When she emerges she hears a very interesting conversation taking place.

"So do you think Britney is really here or was that guy bull-shitting us?"

Deb does a double take. She can't believe what she is hearing. She looks up at the guy with the banana cock who is talking to Bob. 

"What?" She asks enthusiastically. "Britney is here? The pop star?"

"That's what we heard. They say she is in one of those private cabanas."

Deb feels her excitement level grow. Just being in close proximity to Britney has her pussy throbbing.

"How do you know this? I didn't read anything about it."

"We heard this guy talking to someone from the Casino. I think he's a security guard. He said that Britney was coming down later and that everything was secure."

After pulling on her bikini Deb gets them to describe the security guard. She gathers her things, says goodbye and walks towards the pool area. She puts a little extra sway in her ass and smiles knowing that she's given them something to tell their friends about when they return home.

The five men all watch her leave. Bob stares at the ass he just fucked and feels his cock stir. The other four stare and get hard remembering the most incredible blowjob they ever received. The guy with the big thick cock finally shakes his head and speaks.

"Jesus. I think we just hit the fucking jackpot."

"Definitely," replies the guy with the long thin cock. "She's got to be a porn star. No normal woman could make five guys cum in less than twenty minutes."

"I don't know," Bob argues. "No porn star would just give it away like that. She's the girl next door that we all dream about - just out for a good time."

"I agree with Bob," says banana cock. "She's not a porn star. She wasn't acting. She loved it. You could tell."

The Security Guard

Out in the pool area Deb bounces over to where the security guard is standing. He is a tall black man wearing shorts and a red t-shirt that shows off his rippling muscles. He is standing near one of the private cabanas. Deb makes sure her big tits move with each step. They are practically falling out of her top.

"Hey," Deb says in her innocent little girl voice.

He glances down and stares lecherously at her tits much longer than a curious glance would allow. He finally lifts his head and looks directly at Deb. His eyes are cold. Deb feels a pang of fear. 

"You want something?" He asks in an angry voice.

Deb knows from his tone that she should walk away, but just the thought that he might be a link to Britney keeps her there. Besides, there is something exciting about the way he is looking at her. 

"Um... well, I was just wondering," she stutters. "I... I heard Britney was here."

She looks up at him and smiles trying to break the ice. The angry expression on his face does not change. His eyes travel down her body. He's not just looking at her. He is molesting her with his eyes. Deb feels her pussy involuntarily reacting to his lecherous stare. He doesn't say a word.

"I mean I just heard that, that's all," she adds. "And that maybe you were her security guard."

His eyes have an edge to them. Deb's head is spinning with fear and excitement. She swallows hard and moves closer letting her right tit brush lightly against his arm. She looks up at him with a 'You can fuck me if you want' expression. He still doesn't say anything.

"I just want to know," Deb continues in a whispery voice. "I'll do anything... anything at all."

Suddenly he reaches behind her and grabs Deb by the hair. He yanks down until her face is pointed up at his. He leans over and looks into her eyes with his face perched just inches from hers. 

"Be outside the men's room in ten minutes. Now get the fuck out of here."

He pushes her away. Deb staggers towards the ladies room. Her heart is beating fast. Every nerve ending in her body is tingling with a mixture of fear and excitement. Deb goes into a stall and closes the door. She sits on the toilet and takes a deep breath wondering what she has gotten herself into and why her nipples feel like they are about to burst and why her pussy is dripping.

Deb does her best to regain her composure. After peeing she goes to the sink and splashes water on her face. She gazes into the mirror at the innocent looking blonde staring back at her and asks, "What have you gotten yourself into, baby?"

The woman in the mirror shrugs her shoulders. "You want to see Britney, don't you? How bad can it be?"

Deb sighs. "I wish I knew. I'm a little scared."

The girl in the mirror smiles at her. "Go for it sweetie. It's Britney. She's worth it. Besides, once you get his cock in your mouth he'll melt like butter. They all do."

Deb walks out of the ladies room and waits by the men's room door. Two minutes later the black security guard walks over to Deb and grabs her arm. He drags her over to a locked door and takes out a key. After opening it he pulls her inside. The room is dark except for a dim light in the corner. Deb notices that they are in a small maintenance room with buckets and pool equipment scattered about.

She turns and looks up at him. His muscular frame towers over her 5 foot body. His cold eyes move to her tits which are stuffed into the tiny bikini top she is wearing. The lecherous way he is staring causes her nipples to swell. Juices gather in the folds of her pussy. The silence is almost unbearable. Deb is anxious about what will happen next. 

"Um... do you want to see my tits?" She asks in a nervous voice, "Because I don't mind showing them to you."

He fixes her with his cold stare but does not say a word. Deb can feel her heart pounding in her chest. Deb reaches behind her back and unsnaps her top. She lets it fall to the floor. Her hard nipples poke out from the two creamy white globes that majestically hang on her chest.

"Do you like them?" Deb asks and smiles up at him. She squeezes her tits with her fingers. "Do you want to play with them?"

He doesn't budge. Deb continues with the show. She rubs a fingertip across her nipples and looks up at him licking her lips. She can't seem to break the ice. Deb lifts a nipple to her mouth and flicks her tongue across it. Still no reaction. Deb does the only other thing she can think to do. She squats in front of him and unbuckles his shorts.

"Would you like a blowjob?" Deb asks nervously as she fumbles with his zipper. "I can suck cock better than almost anyone."

He still doesn't say anything but he doesn't do anything to stop her. Deb is convinced that his icy demeanor will melt once she gets his cock in her talented mouth. Then he'll tell her about Britney. She yanks down his shorts and briefs. Deb gasps when she sees the size of the coal black snake that unfurls and hangs between his legs. She wraps her hand around the warm flesh and lifts the domed knob to her lips.

His huge cock swells and slowly grows hard. Deb sucks the tip into her mouth and teases it with her tongue. Her hand strokes his expanding shaft. She moves her lips down his vein streaked flesh and fucks his cock with her mouth until it is rigid and fully erect. She pulls away and stares in wonder at the black monster she has built. It has to be at least ten inches.

Deb is determined to break down his control over her. She spits on his cock and fucks him rapidly with her mouth while pumping both hands up and down his shaft. She coats his black knob with even more spit. This time she takes him deep into her mouth. Despite his size she feels the swollen head push past her gag point and slide into her throat.

Deb's lips travel down his shaft until they are pressed against his pubes. She holds him deep breathing through her nose and massaging him with her throat. Her tongue pushes out from her lips and licks his balls. She finally lifts her mouth off his cock and looks up at him with strands of spit drooling from her lips. She guides his drooling shaft between the her huge tits and fucks his cock up and down between them while rolling the soft flesh back and forth across his black monster. Her pussy is leaking like a faucet. 
