 Jim and Traci had been looking forward to this night for weeks. Their daughter was spending the weekend with Traci's parents and they were looking forward to some free time without parental responsibilities. To make things even better, they had plans for Friday night that would certainly kick the weekend off in style.

Their friends Pete and Kris were throwing their pseudo-annual party, and their parties were always a lot of fun. This was the fourth time they had hosted a party and the third time Jim and Traci were able to attend. Jim and Traci got along great with Pete and Kris and without family and job responsibilities they would certainly hang out more. As it was, they kept in touch primarily with emails while occasionally getting together.

Jim and Kris had first met when they worked together. They had been in the same department and had shared responsibilities on some projects, so they spent a lot of time working together. During this time their office was in turmoil with financial and personnel issues, and once Jim and Kris discovered that they worked well together they became a tight team. They got together with their spouses for occasional happy hours and soon all four of them became good friends. Both Jim and Kris had since changed jobs so they didn't see each other on a regular basis, but when they did they still shared the bond of having gone through some pretty unpleasant times together. 

Pete and Kris' parties had quickly become famous among their friends for being a big happening. Everyone looked forward to the parties, and Pete and Kris never failed to deliver some crazy theme or other surprise to keep people surprised and having a great time. Jim and Traci had gone to the first two of their parties but they missed last year's party when it conflicted with some family obligations. Their friends said that last year's was the best one yet, and they looked forward to seeing what Pete and Kris would have in store for tonight.

The party was just getting going when Jim and Traci arrived, and, as usual, the other guests were an eclectic mix of people. Pete and Kris had very diverse interests and each had held several different jobs over the past five years. The combination of former co-workers and other friends resulted in a mixture of blue collar types, white collar types, artists, students, musicians, and just about every other type of person one could imagine.

Pete and Kris had just moved into a new house a few months earlier and everyone received a grand tour of the place after they arrived. It was much larger than their previous apartment and the extra space allowed them to invite more people to the party. Soon things were in full swing with great music, food, and lots of drinks. Jim and Traci had a great time chatting with old and new friends.

As usual, the party was full of some fun and wild games and other activities. Jim figured that with anyone else leading these activities the party could easily have become boring, but Pete and Kris both had a gift for making things fun and this was no exception. They had thought of every detail, and all the guests were involved in the activities at various points. Everyone had a great time laughing and playing along. In the breaks between activities everyone refilled their drinks and enjoyed more food, and by the time the last game ended most everyone was drunk or close to it. Kris made sure to let everyone know the party wasn't done yet and everyone was welcome to stay, but some people started leaving after the games ended.

Eventually the crowd thinned out substantially, leaving about a dozen people. Of the remaining guests, two in particular had caught Jim's eye earlier in the evening. One of these was Elise. Elise was an old friend of Kris' that Jim had first met several years earlier when he and Kris still worked together. At that point she was in a punk music band and had jet black hair. Since then she had switched to a folk band and now had short, bleach blond hair. She had been the primary contestant in one of the games earlier and had been very flirtatious and wild, trading joking comments full of double meanings with Pete, who was acting as the game's host, and several of the other party guests. Her outfit also made quite a scene. Her black, baby doll style dress was cut extremely low in front and didn't so much show off her ample cleavage as it revealed substantial amounts of her tits, a fact that nearly all of the single guys in the room noticed and commented about at some point or another. Her dress was short and she wore a pair of black, knee-high, spike heeled boots. Traci correctly described her look as a "fuck me" outfit.

Although not dressed anything like Elise, Tessa had also been getting a fair amount of attention throughout the night. Tessa was quite tall, probably around 6 feet without the help of the tall heels on her black boots, with brown curly hair and small tits. Her tight t-shirt and very tight Capri pants were not unusual in the room, but it had been her actions more than her look that had attracted attention. Jim and Traci had never met her before and based on the way she acted she was pretty drunk or was just in a particularly wild mood. On numerous occasions she had been very obviously sexual with her boyfriend. She pulled him into several long tongue kisses and made sure that anyone looking could see their tongues swirling together, and she frequently groped his crotch or licked at his ear or neck when they were seated. Most noticeable, however, was when they danced together. Her dancing was a combination of grinding her ass, crotch, and tits against her boyfriend or of her dancing very suggestively for him. At one point Traci and Kris joked that some of her moves were "pole-worthy" and that she looked like she was ready to dance at the strip club a few miles down the road.

The party continued for a while longer and slowly a few more guests left. There were now just a handful of people left and Jim suggested they think about leaving also. Traci was quite drunk and, as usual when she was drunk, she was very horny. She had already given Jim a few deep kisses and she had been groping him while they danced. Jim couldn't wait to take her home and fuck her silly. As usual, Traci wasn't quite ready to leave yet and so they continued to party with the others who still remained. 

Jim and Traci's attention was soon pulled toward the front of the living room, the area that had become the dance floor, by the cat calls from that area. Tessa and her boyfriend, Andy, were again putting on a show. Actually, Andy was mostly just standing there while Tessa seductively danced around him. This continued throughout one song and through most of another before Tessa guided Andy toward the couch and pushed him down into a sitting position. Someone let out another cat call as Tessa began giving him a lap dance that would surely be the equal of anything a stripper would do. She first rubbed her ass teasingly on his lap and then straddled his lap in a mock fuck as she rubbed her tits back and forth across his face. Her excitement was obvious from her rock hard nipples poking through her t-shirt and Andy's excitement was obvious from his excited moans and groping hands.

Most everyone else had stopped what they were doing and watched Tessa's show, but one group in particular became very vocal and very raunchy. Neither Tessa nor Andy acknowledged the group's comments but several times it seemed like Tessa's teasing intensified after a particularly nasty comment from the group. In any case, Elise, Kate, Carl, Bob, and Stan continued their commentary of Tessa and Andy's actions.

Jim and Traci had just met Kate earlier that night. She had beautiful dark brown eyes and a lean, athletic body. She had long, straight brown hair and wore jeans and a t-shirt. She seemed very nice and had chatted with Jim and Traci for quite a while. Jim and Traci had both been surprised when, during the game when Elise had been the primary contestant, Kate had made several very suggestive comments toward Elise. At one point Elise and Kate's suggestive banter had many of the guys hollering their encouragement. Ever since that point, Carl, Bob, and Stan had been staying close to Kate and Elise and clearly hoped that at least one of them would hook up with her later.

Perhaps oblivious to their audience or perhaps spurred on by them, Tessa and Andy started kissing deeply and fondled each other obviously. Andy pushed his hand up underneath Tessa's shirt and groped her tits as she continued her fully clothed simulated fuck. The comments from Carl, Stan, and Bob continued until Stan gasped, "Holy shit, yeah baby!"

Jim pulled his gaze away from the couch and gasped as he saw that Elise and Kate were in the midst of a kiss. The kiss began soft and tentative but soon grew more intense as they were cheered on by the three guys standing with them. It looked like Kate parted her lips first, but as soon as she did Elise did the same and their kiss quickly became very deep and passionate as their arms wrapped around each other. After a few more moments, Elise parted the kiss and turned toward Carl. "You like that?" she purred as Carl nodded. Without another word she practically threw herself at Carl and they immediately fell into a wanton embrace that was at least the equal of what she had just shared with Kate.

Kate watched them for a moment before she turned to Stan and Bob and commented excitedly about having two for herself before she met Stan in a long, deep kiss. Kate parted this and pulled Bob close and soon was alternating back and forth between the two guys as they both groped her and eagerly returned her kisses.

Jim's cock was already hard and aching for attention, and this scene was more than Traci could stand. With a primal groan of excitement she turned toward him and they kissed deeply. He could feel the lust practically radiating off her body and they excitedly groped each other's bodies as they kissed.

It was at this point that Pete and Kris, who had been outside on the front porch saying goodbye to some of the other guests, returned to the living room. "Holy crap," Pete gasped and Kris purred, "Oh my!" when they saw the near orgy in their living room. Tessa and Andy had started pulling off their clothes and Tessa was currently naked from the waist up. Tessa had removed Andy's shirt and pants and they were in the process of unbuttoning Tessa's pants.

Jim and Traci sat on the big cushioned chair in the corner, with Traci on Jim's lap, fondling each other excitedly. Jim slipped one hand up Traci's thigh, underneath her short black skirt, enjoying the smooth sensation of her stockings until he passed her stocking tops. He fondled the upper part of her thigh just below her pussy. With his other hand he groped her large tits through her shirt. He kissed and licked Traci's chest on the part left exposed by the low neckline of her top. 

As they continued kissing, Elise and Carl began pulling off their clothes. Carl first took off her dress and Elise took off her boots before turning her attention to Carl. Elise removed all of Carl's clothes and then pushed him down into one of the many chairs in the room. With a wicked, sexy smile she dropped to her knees in front of him and slipped his cock into her mouth. Carl's groan filled the room as Elise's lips and tongue danced over his excited cock.

As Elise's blowjob continued, Kate lay on the floor between Bob and Stan enjoying their attention. Both Bob and Stan had stripped down to only their boxers and Kate was completely naked. Kate lay on her back as Bob and Stan alternated between kissing and fondling her tits and teasing her pussy with their fingers. Kate's moans clearly indicated she loved their combined teasing.

With all of this happening, it didn't take long for Pete and Kris to join the fun. They fell into each other's arms and soon were as excitedly engaged in their teasing foreplay as the other groups in the room.

Jim began pulling off Traci's clothes and soon she was completely naked. After he had removed all of her clothes she quickly did the same to him. She groped his rock hard cock and he teased her hard nipples as their intense tongue kiss continued for several more long moments. Finally, they slid off the chair and down onto the floor. Traci lay on her back with her legs spread wide open. Jim immediately moved between them and slowly sank his full length inside her.

By this time Tessa and Andy had been fucking wildly on the couch for several minutes. Andy remained in virtually the same seated position as before, except he was now naked, with Tessa straddling his lap. Tessa gripped the back of the couch and wildly rode Andy's cock. Andy seemed completely engrossed in Tessa and their fuck, but Tessa occasionally scanned the room and watched the other couples and groups as she fucked her boyfriend.

Among this wild scene it was Carl who came first. Elise's wild blowjob quickly had Carl on the brink of his control, and when he came it was with a loud grunt that turned the heads of many of the others. Elise took Carl's entire load of cum in her mouth and seemed to easily swallow it down as her blowjob continued smoothly for several minutes after Carl finished cumming. 

During Elise's wicked blowjob, Kate had continued her excited foreplay with both Bob and Stan. Both guys were rock hard and had each taken several turns teasing and licking Kate's pussy and tits. Kate had also sucked and stroked both cocks as their lust intensified. 

After Elise finished sucking Carl and released his cock, she turned to the trio near her and went directly to the guy nearest her, Bob. As Elise and Bob collapsed to the floor in a tangle of arms and legs while embracing in a deep kiss, Kate pulled Stan over her and Stan immediately began fucking her. Soon Elise rolled Bob onto his back and she crawled over him before lowering herself onto his hard cock. They settled into a steady fuck on the floor beside Kate and Stan. 

With all of their remaining guests either currently fucking or, in Carl's case, having just had his cock sucked, it didn't take long for Pete and Kris to complete the scene and begin fucking. Kris lay on her back with Pete fucking her steadily in the missionary position.

For what seemed an incredibly long time this is how the room stayed. Tessa rode Andy's cock on the couch, Jim steadily and deeply fucked Traci on the floor, Stan wildly fucked Kate, Elise fucked Bob at a controlled pace, and Pete and Kris fucked deeply. Andy was the first to loose control and cum, but once he did it set off a domino effect among all the couples. Andy groaned and threw his head back as he came inside Tessa. Tessa, it seemed, had been waiting for him to cum because she almost immediately burst into her own orgasm with a long, satisfied cry. They rode out the rest of their orgasm together.

Just moments after Tessa's erotic cry ended, Stan grunted loudly as he pounded Kate's pussy with several more deep, hard strokes. His grunting changed into a long groan as he pushed deeply inside Kate and started cumming. Traci was next and she clutched at Jim's back and pulled him deeply inside her as her pussy exploded into her orgasm. She gasped and then cried out loudly as her orgasm peaked, and then let out a long moan as Jim resumed fucking her as the rest of her orgasm washed over her.

Pete and Kate were the next to cum. Stan had continued fucking Kate deep and hard throughout his orgasm and for a few moments afterward and Kate responded by moaning deeply as her orgasm started. Across the room at nearly the same moment, Pete groaned and Kris purred as Pete thrust deep inside Kris and started cumming.

Jim was struggling to remain in control, and watching Elise orgasm on top of Bob just a few moments later was more than he could withstand. He grunted and thrust deeply inside Traci as he filled her with a huge load of cum. Traci hummed happily under him as he came. Momentarily lost in his own orgasm, Jim was mildly aware of Bob cumming, but he remained focused on finishing his wild fuck with Traci.

When Jim finally finished cumming the only person who was yet to cum was Kris, but she was clearly very close. Pete had dropped down and was currently sucking her pussy wildly. Kris groaned and wriggled and Tessa excitedly urged Pete to eat his cum out of her pussy. As most of the others watched, Kris burst into a long, deep orgasm a few moments later with Pete still licking her pussy.

For a few moments everyone basked in the moment and the room was silent. The silence was broken when Tessa crawled off Andy and slithered across the floor toward Elise. Elise still sat over Bob and eagerly embraced Tessa when Tessa crawled over to her. They shared a long, deep kiss before Elise crawled off Bob and the two women lay down on the floor as their kiss continued. Soon Tessa began kissing and licking Elise's tits while also caressing them in her hands. Elise groped at Tessa's ass and clearly enjoyed her teasing. For several minutes Elise and Tessa remained like this together in the middle of the room. They took turns licking and fondling each other's tits and eagerly explored each other's bodies with their hands in between exchanging deep tongue kisses.

"Save some for me," Kate moaned as she crawled away from Stan toward the other two. Not surprisingly given her earlier comments to Elise, Kate moved straight to Elise and began licking and kissing Elise's tits and stiff nipples. Kate's lust for Elise was clear and Elise groaned excitedly as two women now teased and explored her body. Elise alternated kissing both Kate and Tessa, and Kate and Tessa occasionally interrupted their teasing of Elise to embrace and tease each other. After a while longer, while Kate and Tessa were excitedly caressing each other's tits, Elise sat up and looked first at Kris and then at Traci and purred, "You should come join the fun. I promise you won't regret it."

Kris smiled and immediately joined the other three. Traci moved away from Jim as if she were being pulled by an invisible force. Jim watched excitedly as his wife joined the others and began a five-woman orgy in the center of the room. Elise and Kate fell back into each other's arms and resumed their mutual teasing as Tessa greeted first Kris and then Traci with excited kisses and caresses. Elise then moved away from Kate and toward Kris. The old friends met in a passionate embrace and then took turns sucking and teasing each other's tits. Tessa and Traci moved to either side of Kate and began kissing and licking her petite body. They moved together to her tits and spend a long time there before kissing down toward her pussy. Kate moaned and parted her legs as Tessa and Traci both squeezed close so they could lick her pussy together.

After a while the women traded pairings again and they continued trading partners until each woman had teased and explored every other woman. As they did this, the six guys all moved a little closer so they could better see the incredible orgy before them and all of their cocks grew hard again. Some guys, like Jim, simply stood there watching the five women with their rock hard cocks standing out straight in front of them. A couple of the guys started to slowly stroke their cocks, and the women seemed to grow more excited at the sight of all the hard cocks surrounding them.

A short while later Carl and Stan suddenly turned toward each other and started kissing and fondling. They had been standing next to each other and each had been stroking their hard cock while watching the women before they started their own embrace. Carl reached down and began fondling and stroking Stan's cock, causing Stan to groan loudly. Stan then reached down and soon they were mutually caressing each other as they kissed.

Tessa was very vocal in her encouragement of Carl and Stan. She urged them to continue and told them how "fucking hot" their embrace was until she finally said, "Shit ladies, this is fun and all, but I can't resist all these big cocks." Tessa crawled toward Andy and pulled him down on top of her. She spread her legs wide and Andy immediately drove his cock back inside her. As Andy started fucking her Tessa reached out first toward Pete and then toward Bob and guided them close to her on either side. With Andy fucking her, Tessa fondled and licked the other two cocks until she looked up at Andy and said, "Now honey, let's not get selfish. I want to make sure everyone has a turn."
