 Alyssa leaned against the counter and took a small sip of the deep red wine in her glass, savouring the flavour on her tongue before swallowing with a tiny sigh of appreciation. It was a Saturday night; the hectic pace of the past work week was well behind her, and the next one was far enough away still that she wasn't bothered by it quite yet, so she was deeply in relax-mode. At the moment she was listening absently as her husband, Ben, recounted a humorous story for their dinner guests, her best friend Nick and his wife Jane. God, just looking at him filled her with such love and lust that her mouth watered and parts of her body tingled in anticipation. She laughed along with everyone else when he reached the punch line and roused enough energy to push away from the counter in order to help him start clearing the table and loading the dishwasher. 

Ben couldn't help but notice that the bright red material of Alyssa's dress clung to every delicious inch of her curvy body, riding high on her thighs and low over her breasts as she moved competently around the kitchen stacking dishes and wiping up after their dinner. He had to bite back a low groan when she bent over the table to reach some of the unused cutlery and that lovely dress slid another inch higher and closer to heaven. Her long, dark hair fell like a silky waterfall down her back and over her shoulder. He watched her toss her head in an unconsciously sexy gesture as she discussed the latest political situation with Nick, debating with him over the president's latest decision of foreign policy. Ben noticed that she'd painted her lips the same bright red as the dress and then smeared them with gloss and he indulged himself in wondering just how that wonderful mouth would look wrapped around him later. Realizing that the stirring in his groin was only going to get worse thinking these thoughts, he cleared his throat and suggested that they all grab their drinks and head to the living room for a movie. 

Nick was desperately glad that Ben had stepped in and suggested the movie when he had – he may have been best friends with Alyssa since grade school and his wife and her husband may have been in the room with them, but a man would have to have been dead for a year of Sundays before he was blind to the sexuality that Alyssa alluded with every breath. The red dress she had painted on for their casual night at home made his wife's simple black dress look like a dowdy nun's habit, and his mind didn't have to work too hard to imagine what Alyssa had looked like under it. He'd grown hard as they'd argued over politics and he'd been free to look his fill as the dress slithered over her skin as she moved around the kitchen, a subtle perfume that smelled like sin following in her wake.

The two couples continued to talk and drink wine for several hours after the movie had finished, debating hotly about anything and everything that came to mind, laughing at every opportunity and just generally having an amazing night. When Jane yawned for the millionth time, Nick suggested that he and his wife retire to the guest bedroom upstairs. They stood as everyone said their goodnights and drank their last sips of wine, leaving the empty glasses on the kitchen counter on their way upstairs to bed. 

Within moments, both Nick and Jane were dressed for bed and had exchanged a chaste, passionless kiss before flipping the lights off and crawling into bed, practically without speaking a word to each other. It wasn't that Nick didn't love his wife, because he did, but Jane was too sweet… too kind… too boring to illicit any of the hot, sweaty, painfully arousing fantasies that Nick had woven with Alyssa in mind. Being honest with himself, Nick admitted that he'd wanted Alyssa sexually since she was fifteen, he'd just never made his move because he hadn't wanted to ruin the best friendship he'd ever had, and now it was too late – she was happily married to Ben and the two of them were even now probably going at it like a couple of rabbits. Damn it, but some men had all the luck! Nick drifted off to sleep, rock hard, with thoughts of Alyssa's mile long legs wrapped around his waist and his thick cock pounding into her again and again. 

*** *** ***

Ben smiled at Alyssa as she puttered around their living room in her bare feet, putting everything back the way it should be and humming to herself in a low, throaty voice - something she only did when slightly drunk. She was swaying her silk-hugged bottom in time with the low rock music coming out of the speakers and Ben had had about all he could take. He was starting to get hard again and all he wanted to do was get his hands on his wife. Hell, he wanted to get his fingers {i}in{/i} his wife. "C'mere Alyssa," he called from where he lounged on the couch watching the show. 

At the sound of his voice Alyssa tossed a sexy half-smile over her shoulder and continued to grind her hips in time with the music, staying just out of his rich, taunting her husband, enjoying the lust in his eyes as they raked over every inch of her body. "What do you want, Ben?" She asked, full knowledge in her eyes, but wanting him to say the words that never failed to make her hot.

"I want you. In fact," Ben's hand snaked out lightning-quick and snagged her wrist, tugging just enough to have her tumbling onto his lap, arousing him even further, "I want to fuck you." He ran a hand into her hair and pulled her head hard towards him so that he could plunder her mouth, his tongue roughly imitating what he wanted to be doing with other parts of their bodies. His other hand ran up her body to clamp possessively over her breast, squeezing her through the thin material of her dress. 

Alyssa moaned with pleasure and teasingly bit Ben's lower lip, then soothed the tiny ache with her tongue. She could feel the strength of him through his shirt and began to idly play with the buttons, undoing them slowly. 

Already hot for her, Ben nipped kisses along her jaw line and down her neck towards where the tops of her glorious breasts rose out of her excuse for a dress. His tongue trailed along the top of one as his hand continued to knead her other one. He found her nipple and tugged on it playfully, rolling it between his thumb and forefinger, enjoying Alyssa's moans and gasps, annoyed when she pulled slightly away.

"Ben, we can't. Jane and Nick are upstairs. They might hear us." She flushed a little. She wasn't ashamed of her sexuality, but she knew that Jane would be mortified if she woke up and heard them in the throes of passion. 

Ben laughed lightly and pulled her back to him for a kiss, "We can and we will have sex in our own house whenever we want. Who knows, maybe Jane would want to join."

Alyssa laughed deeply at the absurdity of that one, but gave up her protests, which had been weak at best. The truth was, she was hot, she was wet, and she was already too horny to want to put a stop to the pleasure he was giving her. She let out a long, low groan as Ben slid his hand up her inner thigh and pressed his palm to her wetness, surprised and turned on by the fact that she wasn't wearing any panties.

"God," Ben gave a choked laugh, "If I'd known at dinner you weren't wearing panties I would have had you bent over the table before the second course!" He slipped a single finger inside her and shuddered when she tightened around it. 

Alyssa sighed as he shoved another thick finger inside of her, stretching her, pleasuring her, "Then it's a good thing you didn't know, ‘cuz you might have shocked out guests." She was squeezing down on his fingers as they moved in and out of her quickly, his thumb rubbing over her clit, slicking it with her own wetness. Alyssa was melting around Ben's magic fingers, spasming in tight jerky motions every time his thick knuckles slid in and out of her, brushing agonizingly over her swollen, tender clit with each stroke. Alyssa just tipped her head back and panted desperately as she rode his fingers hard and fast like she would his cock when they were done, and had to bite on his shoulder to keep from screaming out loud when the first orgasm ripped through her system. 

After she'd recovered her breath, she ripped the shirt from Ben's shoulders and started on the snap of his jeans, already rubbing his swelling groin through the denim, pouting her lips as she thought about taking all of him into her mouth. At the same time she was fighting with his clothes, Ben was fighting to get his wife out of her red dress without ripping it. After much too long the two of them managed to slide her out of her second skin and her naked body was exposed to Ben's hungry gaze. Her large round breasts swelled with arousal, her nipples perked and pointing in his direction, begging for his attention. Her long, lean torso was tanned golden like the rest of her and silky smooth. Ben's gaze went lower, and he felt his mouth water when he looked at her shaved pussy as she straddled him, her entrance hovering teasingly above his hardened cock, its head already glistening with pre cum. 

"Do you want to fuck me now, Ben?" she asked in a husky, sex-filled voice.

In answer, Ben speared up, impaling Alyssa on his swollen member roughly, even more turned on when she laughed and tightened around him. She rose on her knees on the couch to get better leverage, drawing her bouncing breasts within easy reach of his mouth. Ben closed his mouth around one hot peak and sucked deeply, nibbling on it, laving at the nipple with his moist tongue. His hands slid around her body and down to her ass to get a better grip and force her to ride him harder, faster, to take more of him into her hot, dripping pussy. 

*** *** ***

Nick awoke from his fitful fantasies with the same raging hardon he'd gone to bed with, and a sexual ache so low in his stomach he thought he was about to explode all over the sheets if he didn't release himself soon. Deciding that turning and taking his wife in the middle of the night in a house that wasn't theirs would only freak Jane out, and knowing that masturbating in the bathroom wouldn't be nearly as satisfying as being inside of a woman, Nick tried to mentally urge it down. He lay in the dark for several moments with no luck, the erotic images of a naked Alyssa bucking wildly against his body in pure passion was still too fresh in his mind. 

Thirsty from all the effort, he slipped out of bed, adjusted the loose grey jogging pants that rested on his hips, rubbed his erection absently and decided to go down to the kitchen to see if he could at least get a nice, stiff drink. He wandered into the kitchen, only semi-aroused now, his hair rumpled from sleep, and his chest bare. He was just about to tug the fridge door open when he heard the distinct sounds of muffled moans and the wet, sucking sound that accompanies wild sex. The sound of sweaty flesh rubbing against sweaty flesh and the little sounds of delight that Alyssa was making in the back of her throat nearly undid Nick right there and then. Holy shit, he thought, I can't believe I'm hearing this! I shouldn't listen. I should go back upstairs and pretend none of this ever happened…

But the instant Nick heard Alyssa's slightly sleepy, wholly aroused voice ask, "Do you want to fuck me now, Ben?" all rational thought drained out of one head and pumped hot blood into his other one. He nearly soaked the front of his pants just from hearing that vulgar word used by his beautiful Alyssa. He stroked himself through the cotton of his pants, unable to help himself now, and stepped closer towards the living room, careful to stay in the shadows. 

He looked around the corner of a wall just in time to see a gloriously naked Alyssa rise onto her knees on the sofa, her legs straddling Ben's hips and open wide to his avid gaze. Nick stroked himself harder and admired the perfection of her breasts, the darkened nipples hardened so much he was sure she was experiencing that exquisite pleasure-pain that good sex sometimes brings. As he watched, Alyssa ran one hand over breasts, tugging at her nipples to release some of the pressure before she gave a little cry of frustration and thrust them wantonly in her husband's face, biting her lower lip when he sucked one swollen nipple deeply into his mouth.

When her small, warm hand came around to cover the base of Ben's shaft and guide him into her slick wetness, Nick nearly groaned with frustration at not having her hand and then her tight, wet pussy clamped around {i}him{/i}. 

Nick watched, transfixed, as Alyssa rode Ben at a mind-numbing pace, muffling her cries of excitement as best she could, running her petite hands all over both their bodies, searching for the most pleasure, the most fulfillment. When the pace grew so intense, and the climax inside of her was clawing its way out Alyssa gave into a last deep, throaty moan and heard it echoed by Ben as he finished right with her, coming inside of her in several quick bursts that she milked out of him the best she could. Just as the couple on the couch was finishing, so was Nick from his hiding place in the kitchen. He hadn't been able to control himself, so he had stroked himself to completion in unison with their orgasms, and he'd came all over the wall he hid behind. Before he could stop it, a satisfied groan slipped through his lips. By the frantic and startled gasps coming from the living room, he knew Alyssa had heard him. 

*** *** ***

Alyssa's entire body felt like melted wax under Ben's stroking hands after they'd climaxed together and she was sure that as soon as the two of them could rouse enough energy, they'd pleasure each other all over again. They were that insatiable. But all her contentment was shattered when she heard a low, distinctly male groan come from the kitchen. She gasped in shock and bolted upright, feeling Ben's now limp cock slip out of her with a quiet slurping sound as she jumped to her feet and tried vainly to hide her naked body behind her hands as her startled eyes met Nick's guilty ones across the room.

"Oh god, Nick! What the hell are you doing down here?" She asked in shock, her voice still husky from the sex. 

Lamely Nick shook his head, trying to form coherent thoughts, when all he could think of was how amazing Alyssa looked after she'd been pleasured; her skin warmed and flushed as blood rushed to the surface, the nipples of her heavy swollen breasts still perking upwards, the slight abrasions on the inside of her thighs where Ben's 5 o'clock shadow had rubbed mercilessly during a bout of hot oral pleasuring… "'Lys…. I don't know what to say…"

Alyssa tried to hold on to her shock, her anger, but the way that Nick's hard gaze continued to rake over her naked body as if trying to memorize every inch of it, started to arouse her again. Ben, who had been silently contemplating every angle of this situation since Nick had entered the room, just said her name softly and tugged Alyssa once again to sit on his lap, but this time she was facing Nick, her back nestled against his chest. 

"Ben…" she started to protest, but her husband just shushed her quietly. 

His hands stroked soothingly over Alyssa's shoulders, back and arms, but his eyes never left Nick's face. "What do you think of my wife, Nick?" His hand stroked lazily under her arm and across her ribs to gently cup her left breast, his thumb absently caressing her distended nipple.

Nick shook his clouded head, unable to imagine why Ben hadn't leapt off the couch and started pounding on him already. If anyone had seen his wife this way, Nick would have killed the man first and then regretted it later. Nick's eyes were drawn involuntarily to where Ben's hand lay possessively over Alyssa's creamy breast and the saliva in his mouth dried up. God! What he wouldn't give to be the one holding her like that! 

"I asked you a question, Nick," Ben said again, enjoying his role as mediator between his own fantasies and those that were obviously running through Nick's own mind. He'd wanted to see Alyssa with another man or woman for years now, wanted to know how she'd react to the pleasure that other people could bring her. He kissed the side of Alyssa's neck and felt her shudder of response. "What do you think of my wife?"

Nick had to clear his throat before he could speak, aware that his previously spent cock was hard again and eagerly starting to poke out the waistband of his loose-fitting pants. "She's beautiful. A goddess." He managed to choke out.

Ben gently moved Alyssa's hand away from where it modestly lay covering her shaven sex, and nudged her legs open a very little bit, sliding his warm hand slowly up and down the inside of her thighs. When she tried to clamp around his hand to prevent this intimacy in front of Nick, he merely nudged her open again. "Do you want to fuck my wife Nick?" Ben asked in that quiet way of his. "Because I think you do. I think you've fantasized about her for years." His voice was soft, seductive, and just a little dangerous. "Why don't you come a little closer, Nick?"

Nick's feet had obeyed Ben's words without Nick being aware of it. He stood right in front of the couple, his erection stirring hungrily in his pants at his nearness to his adolescent fantasies fulfilled. His hand reached out involuntarily to run over Alyssa's main of dark hair, playing with the tips of it, lifting it away from her breast so that he could see them unguarded. 

In that silky, smooth voice of his Ben said, "If you want to fuck her, you have to tell me, Nick. You have only to say the words and it can become a reality. She's already turned on by this little display, aren't you babe?" He caught her earlobe between his teeth and continued to slide his finger up and down her wet slit, using her own juices to lubricate her taut nipples. Alyssa's only response to Ben's question was a deep, throaty moan.

"Just think Nick," Ben continued in that same tempting tone of voice, "You could have your cock in my wife, you could be pounding yourself into her sweet, tight little hole if only you'd just say the words. She'd probably be really grateful to you, too. And when she's feeling particularly grateful, Alyssa gives really great head. I'm talking truly world-class blowjobs." He smiled as he felt the response of his wife's body, heard her tiny gasps as his words weaved a fantasy in her own brain.

"I…" Nick trailed off. Alyssa was so hot, so seemingly ready, but he wasn't sure she truly wanted him. He wasn't sure she wasn't just being seduced by Ben's voice and caresses into taking part in both men's fantasies.

But then Alyssa looked up at him with wide eyes that burned with hunger and need, a lust for him he'd never seen in his own wife's eyes. "Please Nick," she whispered quietly.

That one, pleading word undid all the control he was fighting for and the truth came tumbling out of his lips, "God I want you. I've wanted to fuck you since we were fifteen years old. Even tonight, while Jane was in the room, all I could think about was bending you over the fricking counter or having you straddle me in my chair and riding me until we were both mindless. I want to fuck you. I want to come inside you and hear you moan for more."

More turned on than she'd ever been before in her life Alyssa reach out and grasped Nick's wrist, bringing his hand up to her mouth. She licked her lips in anticipation, then kissed the tip of his middle finger, then slid her tongue all the way from his fingertip to its base. She laved at the base of his finger for a moment, then sucked the length of his finger inside of her mouth in a parody of the act he was clearly thinking about. All the while, Ben's hands never stopped pleasuring his wife, his thumb rubbing quick circles around and around it, never giving her the full contact, the full fulfillment she craved so desperately. She'd never been this horny, this frustrated, this anxious for anything in her whole life. She discovered that the stirring of Ben's cock against her ass, and the not-so- steady sound of Nick's breath pushing too quickly through his lips was an aphrodisiac like no other. She found that she liked the thought of her husband watching her, encouraging her to fuck Nick in front of him, for his pleasure of watching as much as her pleasure in the doing. 
