 This story is a quickie, short and to the point. It was easy to write because it actually happened to me, so I didn't have to spend any time inventing a plot line. On the other hand, it's not much of a plot line – which is frequently the case with true stories.



My wife, Gina, and I occasionally visit swingers' clubs. I say "occasionally" because though we enjoy having wild sex with other people, we also have jobs and a family and swinging is not really the dominant element in our lives. Also, the nearest swingers' club is about 200 miles from our home, so going to a party is a major effort.

Fortunately, the closest swingers' club is located right near an interstate highway, and we enjoy going there. In addition, people who want to stay over at the club after the party are welcome to do so – just bring a blanket and a couple of pillows and curl up in one of the swinging areas. This suits us, because we like to have couple of drinks when we party and we're not about to drive 200 miles home afterward. And the price of the party is actually less than the cost of a hotel room, so this all works out well.

One Saturday we found ourselves without the kids (one was staying with a friend, the other was off on a school trip) so we decided to head for the club. Because of the long drive, we didn't get there until almost 10 PM, and by then the party was well underway. We went in, paid our party fee and changed into party clothes. Well, actually Gina changed – one nice thing about being a man, other than the ability to pee standing up, is that a dress shirt and pair of slacks are pretty much the appropriate garb in any casual context. In contrast, if Gina had worn her party clothes on the trip to the club, there would have been at least three 18-wheeler crashes.

Gina's tall, about 5'8", with a lush, beautiful body, from her long dark hair through her firm DD tits to her nice round ass. For this party, she donned a teddy that partly revealed and enhanced her beautiful breasts. The teddy only came down to about her navel; below that, she wore see-through matching panties. I'm much less attractive, 5'10" tall, weight-proportional, as they say, clean shaven both on my face and pubic area. Not a hunk by any means, but, according to Gina anyway, not unattractive. She also says my 7" cock is plenty for her, but I notice she's attracted to well-hung guys when we're at a swinging party so maybe she's just being nice when she says that.

We no sooner had our drinks in hand than a man came up and asked Gina to dance. He was taller than I am and heavy-set, with a bit of a paunch. But he had smiling eyes, and Gina immediately agreed to dance with him. They made their way through the crowd to the dance floor, and I looked around for his partner. Although it was a couples-only party, there were several women alone, so it wasn't clear which one was his partner and which were waiting for their hubbies to come back from the bar with drinks or from the restroom. One of the women near me was particularly striking. She was about the same height as Gina, but with blonde hair. She had a slim, athletic build with nice C-cup breasts, long legs and a nice firm ass. But the most noticeable thing about her was her fishnet top, which showed her bra-less breasts clearly. 

Well, maybe later, I thought. I sat back, sipped my drink, and enjoyed the scene. 

One of the women on the dance floor was down on her knees in front of her partner, his cock in her mouth. Strictly speaking, this was against the house rules – no overt sex outside the playrooms in back. But this kind of thing was bound to happen, I supposed, and unless an orgy broke out on the dance floor the proprietors probably cut everybody a little slack. 

The dance ended and Gina's partner returned her to me. 

"Rob," Gina said, "This is Jim. Jim, Rob." 

"Pleased to meet you," said Jim. "Your wife sure is a terrific dancer." 

"I think so, too. Thanks."

"Let me get Judy and bring her over," Jim said, turning away to search the area. Then he walked directly over to the woman I had noticed before, said a few words and returned with her, hand in hand.

"Rob and Gina, this is my wife Judy," Jim said.

"Nice to meet you, Judy," I replied. "I really like your top."

"Want to wear it, Rob?" she asked.

"Well, actually, what I really like is inside it already. I don't think I'd do it justice," I replied. Judy just smiled.

A new song started. I asked Judy to dance and we went out on the floor. Jim and Gina remained where we had been standing, sipping their drinks.

Judy immediately began dirty dancing with me, swiveling her hips and moving against me. When she was facing me she pressed her crotch up against my leg, and when she turned away from me she rubbed her firm ass against my quickly hardening cock. I, in turn, brushed my hands over her breasts as she pirouetted and pulled her ass toward me every time she ground her crotch against my leg. 

The music ended and a slow dance began. We both looked over to our spouses to see how things were going. I was a little concerned because Gina doesn't ordinarily go for overweight guys. I was relieved to see them talking, standing quite close, Gina looking up into Jim's face. 

"I guess it would be OK for us to stay out here for another dance," I said.

"Yes, let's."

I took Judy into my arms and she pressed those wonderful tits hard against my chest. We swayed to the music, pretty much as everybody else was doing. She turned her face up to me and it was the most natural thing in the world for me to kiss her. She immediately opened her mouth and we lashed our tongues hungrily against each other. I slid my hand down from where I had been clutching her ass cheek. To my delight, she had no panties on and my hand cupped under her ass, my fingertips in her crotch. I could feel her pussy lips but couldn't comfortably reach her vagina or clit. As we continued our kiss, I brought my other hand around between our bodies and slid my fingers between her legs. I slipped my middle finger inside her as and pressed my palm against her clit. She moaned and pressed in against my hand, trapping my arm between us.

We continued that way for a minute or so. Then Judy gave a little gasp and moan, pulling away from the kiss. Her features were scrunched up as she concentrated on what was happening in her crotch, and I realized she was near or even into a small orgasm. Sure enough, more fluid gushed out of her hole and into my palm, then ran down the inside of her legs. We stood that way for a moment, then by mutual tacit consent we parted slightly, my hand coming out from its place between her legs. 

"Mmmm ...," she murmured. "That was nice." She reached her hand between us and grabbed my hard cock through my pants. "And this is nice, too," she added.

The tune came to an end. We came together for another kiss, our genitals in each other's hands, then turned toward our spouses. They were engaged in a deep kiss – probably following our lead, I thought. When we returned to their side they immediately broke the kiss and we paired up with our own spouses. As Jim turned to talk to Judy, I noticed that his fly was open.

"So?" I asked Gina.

"I like him."

"And?" I glanced meaningfully toward Jim's open fly.

"And ... he's big and very hard."

"So, do you want to go back to the play rooms?"

"Mmmmm. And you?"

Of course, Gina knew that my standards were generally not a problem when it came to fucking a new woman. Most men would fuck a woodpile if they thought there was a woman in there, and while I'm a little more selective than that, Judy clearly met all my standards. "Let's go," I said.

Apparently Jim and Judy had talked about the same question. As Gina and I separated, Judy came over and took my hand. "Let's go," she said, heading for the back.

We stopped for fresh towels and walked through the dim play area. On both sides, couples and groups were engaged in various stages of sex. The sound of women's moans filled our ears. I noticed one woman who was bouncing on her partner's lap, shouting out every time she came down on him. A man with a huge cock stood in front of her. We stopped to watch for moment as she took the big knob in her mouth, her screams muffled as she continued to bounce on her partner's cock. There was no sign of another woman around. I wondered where she'd gone.

We found a little area at the top of a ladder of about five rungs. It was bigger than a king-sized bed but smaller than two of them, and the entire area was covered by mattresses. We laid our towels out in a large rectangle and without ado we all stripped naked. I glanced over at Jim's package and, as Gina had said, he was well endowed – much bigger around than I was, and though his paunch made it difficult to judge his length, his cock looked longer than my modest 7 inches. Gina immediately dropped to her knees and sucked his cock into her mouth. 

Judy and I embraced, my hardon pressed between our tummies. I stepped back slightly and brought the head of my penis to her crotch, but she pushed it gently away.

"I'm afraid I'm soft swinging tonight," Judy told me. 

One of the rules that's absolutely enforced at all times by everybody is, "No means NO." When somebody limits (or turns away) somebody else's advances, those limits are not open for discussion; they're simply obeyed.

I wondered where the limitation was, precisely. Surely we weren't limited to just making out? "Can I lick you?" I asked.

"Oh, yes," she said enthusiastically. I kissed my way down the front of her body as she sank to the mattress and spread her legs.

At first, I teased her by kissing the tops of her legs on both sides, only slightly brushing against her puffy outer lips as I went from one leg to another. Each time I touched her lips she took a little breath. 

Finally, as I passed from her right leg to her left, she thrust her crotch at me. I decided to stop the tease and ran my tongue up between her lips, across her clit and to her vagina. She cried out in pleasure. I stuck my tongue in her vagina entrance for a moment, then moved back to her clit. First, I ran the tip of my tongue up one side of her clit, then down the other side. Judy moaned in pleasure. Then I pulled up the skin of her pubic area, pulling the hood off her clit, and simply placed my tongue on the exposed nub. I didn't move it at all, just pressed against it.

Judy tried to get me to move my tongue by humping my face, but I simply rode it, maintaining pressure on her clit without moving my tongue. Then I moved the tip of my tongue to the little sensitive area just under the end of it, between it and her vagina. Again, I refused to lick her clit, just holding my tongue in that spot.

By now, Judy was panting with lust. I reached up and put two fingers in her vagina and, sure enough, she was sopping wet. 

"Uh, oh, God," she panted. "Lick me, dammit!"

Always an accommodating sort, I finally started to lick her exposed clit, from the base to the tip. Judy humped against my face and moaned loudly. "Yes! Yes!" she wailed. I started to move my tongue faster, now licking her furiously. She brought her legs together. I could no longer hear her cries, and in fact I was a little afraid I wouldn't be able to breathe. I took a deep breath through my mouth, as my nose was completely blocked. She humped faster and faster, and clutched my head harder and harder between her legs. Suddenly, she grabbed my head and straightened her legs, then became completely still. I continued to lick her and, after a few seconds she started to hump again, but without removing her hands from my head. Finally she spread her legs wide and cried out at the top of her lungs. 

"Oh, God, yesssssss ... Again! I'm cumming again!"

Finally she sagged back onto the mattress and gently pushed my head away from between her legs. 

I sat up and looked over at Gina and Jim, who were fucking missionary style. So, I thought, Judy's "soft swinging" philosophy apparently didn't extend to her husband.

Right then, I probably should have pushed the issue, while Judy was lying there with her legs spread wide open, her cunt juice running down onto the towel and her husband pounding another woman a few inches away from her. But, respecting her earlier admonition, I simply took her into my arms for a warm hug. As our lips met and our tongues intertwined, she reached down and stroked my stiff cock. 

We continued like that for several minutes. Then Jim picked up the pace of his thrusts into my wife, and Gina started to moan louder and louder with every stroke. Her legs were spread as wide as they could go, and I watched, mesmerized, as Jim's big cock sank all the way to the hilt then pulled almost all the way out. The condom he was wearing only came to a couple of inches from the base of his cock, and the entire thing disappeared inside my wife on every stroke. When he pulled back, Gina's vagina appeared to be trying to hold him in her; her inner lips grasped at his cock and pulled out away from her body. 

By now, Gina was almost screaming with pleasure. I knew that sound – she was about to come. Judy changed her grip on my cock and started to pump it hard with her fist. I knew I couldn't last for long, but one nice thing about getting a handjob or blowjob from a partner who's already had several orgasms – there's no point in holding back!

Gina was cumming hard by my side, and the sound and sight of her drove me over the edge. My cum spurted out all over Judy's stomach and legs, and dripped down onto the towels. Then Jim gave a grunt, stiffened and became motionless. Gina later told me that the feeling of that big pulsing dick deep inside her was an incredibly pleasing experience, as if she had accomplished something special and difficult, and felt proud of it. 

We lay around in our post-coital bliss, talking about or lives outside swinging. They had two kids, just as we did, and, like us, they very rarely did much swinging. I tried to get the conversation around to why Judy didn't go all the way with me, but couldn't think of a polite way to ask the question and, in the end, decided it didn't matter.

After a half hour or so of comfortable conversation, Gina said she had to pee. She put her top back on, wadded her panties into a ball in her hand, climbed down the ladder and disappeared. The three of us took that as a signal to put some clothes on, and, after exchanging contact information we went back to the bar. 

Gina joined me there, butt naked. She accepted her new drink, which I had just ordered for her. 

"Did you have a good time?" she asked.

"Definitely," I replied.

"I wasn't really keeping track, but did you fuck Judy?"

I told her about the "soft swinging". Gina agreed with me that probably Judy would have changed her mind on that point after she had some great orgasms and saw her husband stuffing his cock into another woman.

"I've done that, myself," she confessed. "I mean, felt like I wanted to draw a line and then, after I got turned on enough, just went with the flow."

I knew that was true. One time when we came to this club, Gina said that she wasn't feeling very horny. She wasn't sure, she said, that she wanted to actually fuck anybody. She didn't mind if I did, so I should just indicate what women I might want to go with and Gina would go along with me and the other couple, but might not participate much. 

At one point near the end of that evening I saw Gina on her knees with a cock in her cunt, another in her mouth and a third in her hand. So much for not wanting to fuck anybody!

Well, in any case, I hadn't pushed the issue, and though I really liked Jim and Judy I didn't think I'd be interested in another get-together unless it was clear that we were going to have a full swap. 

We spent the rest of the evening dancing with some other couples and wandering into the play areas to see if there was anybody that caught our eyes. We saw Judy and Jim playing with another couple desultorily, but we didn't stay watching them long enough to see if Judy was sticking to her "soft swinging" principles. At about 2 AM, Gina and I found an empty spot, spread out our towels and enjoyed a long, loving fuck. We were certainly open to having another couple join us, but that didn't happen, so we went and got our pillows and blanket, made ourselves a bed, and went to sleep.

I was awakened by somebody climbing the ladder and moving alongside me. It was a small woman, alone. 

"My husband and I just had a fight," she said. "And it's cold. Do you mind if I sleep alongside you?" 

"Not at all," I replied, and she lay down next to me, snuggling up inside my arm.

Of course, I immediately became hard as I thought about what this might lead to. I stroked her side and she sighed appreciatively. She lay her head on my shoulder. I decided to take a little chance and pulled her against me. Her free hand was now lying on my stomach, inches from the tip of my hardon. We lay there like that for several minutes while I tried to think of what to do next and she, undoubtedly, tried to get back to sleep. Finally I thought, what the hell, and shifted position as if moving in my sleep, so that her hand touched my cock. Alas, instead of taking it in her hand, my little visitor moved her arm up and across me, her hand now on my shoulder.

I was fresh out of ideas, and soon gave up on the idea of intercourse with my new partner. The sounds of sex had by now died out almost completely, and I was soon asleep.

When I woke, it was 4 AM and my friend had disappeared. Did she go back to her husband? I thought. Maybe he only needed a little time to cool off; I hoped she would be all right. I realized I had to pee, and, moving quietly so as not to awaken Gina, I slipped out of out sleeping area.

After I relieved myself I decided to look around and see if there was any action. Sort of like dessert, I was thinking. I had cum twice during the main part of the evening, but it hadn't been the most satisfying swinging evening of my life: The first time was a hand job and the second was with my wife, a nice enough experience but one I didn't have to drive 200 miles to have. So I was feeling a little like somebody who has left a little room for dessert after a nice but not filling diner. I knew that sometimes women at parties start slowly but then really get into it. Near the end of the evening, some of them want to keep going longer than their male partners. In such cases, a new man could be a welcome addition, and I was thinking I might be that man.

Just around the corner from where Gina slept, a couple was quietly fucking. It was a pleasant sight, and I stood and watched for a moment, but then noticed there was another guy in the shadows, watching the couple and beating his meat. Good luck to you, guy, I thought, turning away with a smile. I doubted the watcher would get anything out of that couple; they had the look of married lovers enjoying the last glow of the sexual tension of the evening. Unless maybe the watcher was her husband and the other guy her lover; who knows?

I went up some stairs into another large play room. There were two groups there, a Japanese-looking couple on one side and a group of four on the other. The group of four was in a daisy chain, with one guy getting a blowjob from a girl on her knees whose cunt was filled with the other guy's cock. The second girl was kneeling by her girlfriend, reaching under her stomach to tickle her clit. This obviously left a cunt untended and I thought for a moment about how to provide relief for that poor woman, but the group was back in the corner under a staircase and it wasn't clear how to approach them without being intrusive. No matter, I'd had two orgasms that evening and could enjoy just watching. One good thing about swinging clubs is that there's plenty of hot sex to watch – like pornography only live! 
