 A case file was placed on the desk and Detective Kelly Rossii was eager to be given her first assignment in the homicide division.

The Lieutenant was curt after opening the folder. "Look familiar?"

"James Rizzo," she said after taking a glance at the picture.

"He's suspected of ordering the death of a rival," the Lieutenant stated in a way that showed that this was headed somewhere. "But everything we have against him is purely circumstantial. That's where you come in, detective."

The fact that the higher-ups in the department trusted her with such a big task put a smile on her face. But she knew, based on her superior's expression, that there was a catch. Instantly, she knew what it was. With the body of a professional track runner, Kelly was always on the top of the list for the most salacious assignments on the police force.

She thought she had left that world behind with her recent promotion, but she should have known better. Her body was a major asset.

"High-class escort or cheap hooker?" she asked flippantly. "What will it be this time?"

"High-end server. Consider it a compromise. You know that he has a weakness for beautiful women, and to put it bluntly, we need your legs again."

"If you're looking for a female agent to use her body, why isn't anyone from Vice handling this? There are plenty of younger women there who routinely go undercover as escorts."

"Out of the question," he said sharply. "We now suspect that Rizzo may have multiple informants within Vice, and throughout the entire police force. We think it's best to keep this operation as small as possible."

She hesitantly agreed. "What's the job?"

"Thanks to our own informant, we know that Rizzo will be attending a masquerade ball this Saturday."

"I'm familiar with those. Masked balls at large manors, but they're always just sex orgies for the rich and powerful." 

The Lieutenant nodded. "Correct. Our goal is to take down Rizzo before a war breaks out on the streets."

"I'm assuming you have a plan already worked out," she said.

"We send you into that ball as one of the models who serves drinks. We've already obtained several warrants. You'll be given our newer micro recording devices. Very advanced. It's the type of stuff the Feds are using now."

"Bugging is my specialty. How do I get inside?"

The Lieutenant tossed another folder onto the desk. Kelly picked it up and looked at its content.

"That's Loretta Hall," he stated. "She runs a classy strip club, and her dancers will be working as waitresses at the masquerade party. She's agreed to provide you cover as one of her strippers, in exchange we keep her out of prison for unrelated charges. That's how you'll get in."

"Understood," she replied, resigning herself to her fate that she'd have to use her legs and body once again.

"You'll also be wearing a mask the entire time. Once you get inside the party, no one should be able to recognize you. Walk around, look good, serve a few drinks, and when you get a chance, plant the two bugs. Somewhere strategic, I hope."

"I agree," she replied. "It sounds like a worthwhile plan. If we get to send this guy to prison for the rest of his life, then I'm willing to take the risk."

The Lieutenant gave a long, hard pause. "There's more."

As they looked at each other, Kelly knew it was something damning. Her boss was a blunt man, and if he was this hesitant, then it must have been something that would swear them both to secrecy.

"Just say it," she replied, wanting to get it all out.

"We know that our target makes deals in the backroom of this party. We also know that he likes to pick out women and bring them into the same backroom as well. It would be the perfect place to plant a recording device, don't you think?"

The question lingered and the tension simmered.

Detective Rossii took a softer approach. "There's a strong chance someone will try to fuck me."

Her tone was more of a statement than a question.

"Could be," he said vaguely. "Or not. There's never been any evidence that Rizzo has held women against their will. That's not his style. We know that he sometimes likes a little private entertainment for some of his meetings. That's all."

Kelly lifted an eyebrow. "Like a naked woman to serve drinks or someone to go around sucking cock. I know how it works."

"There were will be plenty of escorts at the party who'll handle the sexual activities for these guys. You'll be safe from that."

"Understood," she replied.

"I'm not asking you to do anything crazy. I never would. All I'm saying is, if you were back there, and somehow you were able to plant a bug, it would be a massive treasure trove for us. Against Rizzo. Against a lot of people."

She knew the implication all too well. The more she climbed the ranks in this department, the more she had been asked to use her sexuality as a weapon. With a body like hers, it came with the territory.

"This is risky," she said. "Will I have backup?"

"No," he said bluntly.

"No?"

The Lieutenant was unmoved. "Like I said, if we mobilize enough people, Rizzo will find out. You're the perfect package to pull this off alone. Trust me, if this all works out -- and I think it will -- then you'll be properly rewarded for the risk you've taken."

"Something worthwhile, I hope."

"I'll let you pick your future assignments and cases."

She lifted an eyebrow. "Any case or assignment I want?"

"Within reason, of course. The Mayor and a few of the top brass know about this. If you pull this off, they'll never forget it. You could be the most influential detective in this city."

"That's a serious offer," she said with a stoic expression on her face. "It's also a serious fucking risk I'll be taking. I've never gone this deep undercover before with people like this. Yes, of course I'll do it."

The Lieutenant grinned. "Detective Rossii, you've got bigger balls than most of the men in this department."

"I like the sound of that."

Once they shook hands, Kelly felt a slight shiver down her spine. She knew that her superior had grown soft, sitting behind a desk for years, and now he was underestimating their opponents. But for Kelly, she had spent more time on the streets than in her home. She knew the danger. 

***

Friday night in a dressing room. Kelly had worked solo before, so this was nothing new. She stood in front of the mirror adjusting her outfit. She was barefoot and wore a tiny dress that showcased her toned body and chiseled legs. Her hair was colored blonde and tied in a ponytail. It made her look younger and more vivacious.

Standing behind her was Loretta, an early 40's strip club owner turned police informant.

"You look like a real dancer," Loretta smiled. "You've definitely got the body for it. Let me know if you're ever interested in making a little extra cash on the side."

"Thanks. But I prefer my current job."

"Whatever. Just get rid of James as soon as possible. The sooner the better. Fuck him."

Kelly turned to look at the woman. "Anything I should know about?"

"Men like that are bad for my business."

"I thought he paid you generously?"

Loretta laughed. "Sure, he pays. But then I owe him for protection. Then my girls are expected to give freebies for the privilege of being associated with him. You know how it goes, I lose way more money than I make. I'm practically indebted to him."

"Sounds like a classic extortion racket," Kelly replied. 

"Yeah, sure, whatever that's called."

Kelly smoothed her dress with her hands and they both gazed in the mirror. She looked the part. She always did. 

Bringing down a boss like James Rizzo would be the pinnacle of her career. It would make all the struggles in her life worthwhile. The fights with her family over becoming a cop. Her personal mistakes in her love life. The violent criminals she failed to catch.

This was her goal.

"I want to be invited to the backroom," Kelly said, turning her body to the side to check out her ass in the mirror. "Do you think I'm pretty enough?"

Loretta eyed the detective up and down. "You're not pretty. You're fucking hot! There's a big difference."

"Well do you think I'm 'fucking hot' enough to compete with your girls?"

"Oh yeah, I think you are," Loretta replied, eyeing some more. "But to be called into the backroom area, it takes more than a pretty face and a nice pair of legs. It's the attitude. James loves powerful, interesting women."

"Is that so?"

"In this line of work, I'm considered old. But he always makes a pass at me. He loves that I'm the boss in my line of work."

"And do you titillate him?"

Loretta smiled and shrugged. "Sure, I fuck him, or I suck him off. It's good for business. Why? What's on your mind."

"Deep cover," Kelly said in a low voice. "Can you get me in the meeting area or not?"

Their eyes met while looking in the mirror. They both grinned at each other.

"You're the wildest cop I've ever met," Loretta said, enjoying the excitement. "Yeah, alright. You definitely have what it takes, but only after I work my magic on you. Hang on a sec."

Kelly waited in the dressing room, and a few moments later, Loretta returned with a box. 

Loretta proudly opened the top. "Jimmy Choo heels. I can tell what size your feet are. Do you know how to work these? Or has being a cop taken all your femininity away?"

"Oh, I've still got it. When dealing with men, high heels and a tiny dress can be just as effective as any weapon."

"It's definitely a dangerous thing," Loretta smiled, holding up one heel and gesturing towards the pointy end. "Sit down and let me slide these on your feet. You'll look ravishing in them."

Kelly sat and let the woman handle her feet. Each high heel slid on each foot with ease. It was a perfect match. When the heels were strapped, Kelly wiggled her toes for comfort, then she stood up and had become several inches taller. It took a moment to get used to the pain in her feet as she hadn't worn heels in nearly a year.

She paced the dressing room, normally at first, before giving a sultry strut. She swayed her hips, putting sass in each step.

"Good enough?" Kelly said, leaning on her left hip.

"You're one sexy ass bitch," Loretta said with a gleam in her eyes. "So, you really want to get into the backroom?"

"It's my job."

Loretta approached the detective and slipped her hand underneath the small dress. In a flash, Kelly's panties were pulled to the floor. Then Loretta pulled the dress a little higher, nearly exposing the detective's butt cheeks.

"Show off those legs of yours," Loretta said. "The heels really accentuate your best features. And being pantyless... trust me, a guy like James will spot your ass a mile away. It signals that you're up for anything."

With Kelly's pussy almost showing, her emotions were in a daze. Fear had become an aphrodisiac. It sometimes did. It gave her a real rush that she'd be this exposed in a room full of powerful people.

"Anything else I should know?" Kelly asked, focused on professionalism.

"Look elegant and move gracefully. That's what they're paying for. They want sexy women to serve them. Some of the men will try to slap your ass and proposition you for sex, just ignore them. They'll leave you alone once the real escorts show up to fuck and suck everybody."

"I'll keep that in mind. Thank you."

"Now for the mask."

Loretta reached into her bag and handed Detective Rossii a gold mask. It had an artistic look with a Victorian era design. The detective put it on and looked in the mirror.

Between her newly blonde hair, the tiny dress with her legs showing, the high heels, and now the mask, Kelly could hardly recognize herself. She was a different woman.

"Everything looks sexy on you," Loretta stated.

"Whatever it takes."

Loretta lifted an eyebrow and licked her lower lip. "Anything?"

"I'm not going to fuck anyone," Kelly said, shaking her head. "But thanks for asking."

"Not even a blowjob?"

"Why are you asking? Do I look like a woman who's dying to suck a dick?"

"You look grossly overworked and severely under-fucked. At least that's the vibe I'm getting from you. I can spot the signs. And besides, I've always loved the thought of a female cop getting dirty. I mean, why not?"

Kelly tried to brush it off, but they both knew it was true. Her job was her life. Aside from working long hours, the only real physical excitement she got was from her vibrator. She was content with that. But the more she thought about what she'd be exposed to, the more she felt her pussy clenching.

***

Saturday 9 pm. The guests arrived to the party at the main entrance of the large mansion. All of them were wearing fancy clothes along with their gold masks to keep their identities secret.

Kelly arrived at the back entrance with the other entertainment. She wore her skimpy outfit and had her mask in hand. For the first time in her law enforcement career, she was practically terrified. 

She knocked on the backdoor and a towering man opened it.

"You must be Cutter," she said.

He looked her over. "Depends on who's asking. What's the password?"

"Pseudo." 

"That's correct," he said. "How come I've never seen you before at the club?"

"I'm new in town. That's why."

"That's funny. I went to Loretta's club a couple times recently and I never saw you."

Kelly gave a hard stare back. "Maybe I was in the private VIP area entertaining some customers. Ever thought of that?"

"I bet you're a great fuck. You're real sexy. I'd love to get inside you."

"We'll discuss that another day. Are you going to let me in?"

"Not with that dress on."

"Excuse me?" she asked with a puzzled expression. 

"New security protocols for all servers. No more dresses. Panties are fine, but get your tits out and I'll let you in." 

"Fuck off. No one told me about this. The deal was to wear this outfit and a mask while I serve drinks, and that's it."

Cutter clenched his jaw in a moment of anger. "Listen bitch, you either get topless, or I send your scrawny ass back to the strip club where you belong. Got it? Security is being tightened up around here."

There was no way around it. A gust of wind blew upwards beneath her dress, reminding her that she wasn't wearing any panties. Kelly had two options; either get naked for the rest of the night, or leave empty handed and miss a major opportunity. If James Rizzo was brought down because of her massive sacrifice, then it would be a fatal blow to organized crime in the city.

Kelly took a deep breath. With her new hair and makeup, no one would ever recognize her anyway. There weren't any other police officers listening to this either. It was all her secret.

She pulled her dress down and her breasts were freed. They were small and perky, with tiny brown nipples that hardened from the outdoor exposure. And unlike the other strippers, she was pantyless, which meant that she'd be the only server with her pussy and ass showing. 

She handed Cutter the dress and he took it. 

"Happy now?" she asked while standing naked, thankful that she had hidden the bugging devices inside of her heels.

Cutter admired her nipples and smelled the dress. "Very happy. No panties either? Nice. You know something, I have a funny feeling that we'll be fucking before the end of the night. Call it a hunch."

She stared him down. "Can you move your fat ass out of the way? I can't serve drinks if you're blocking the doorway."

"As you wish, sweetheart."

Cutter moved to the side with a smile on his face, giving the detective a clear entrance.

'Bitch,' he muttered under his breath.

***

Kelly's high heels clicked on the tile floor when she stepped inside the large manor. Other strippers were in the kitchen and they were all topless wearing their gold masks. Not wanting her face to be seen by anyone else, Kelly put on her gold mask as well.

Each of them were given a tray full of drinks to carry around the mansion. The rules were explained and everyone knew what to do.

The feeling was surreal. Having the ability to hide her face was a blessing. But she had always been self-conscious about her tiny breasts and small nipples. Showing them off had proven to be a real turn on, as masked faces turned to gaze at her tits.

And being bottomless She grabbed plenty of extra attention being the only woman naked at the moment, working the lower half of her body in those expensive pair of high heels. She put weight on each step to make the clicking noises louder, announcing her arrival everywhere she went.

For the next hour, the undercover agent walked around dutifully serving drinks to as many guests as she could. She flirted with a few men and women as well. It was an exhibitionist thrill. Being this exposed was a new sensation that was completely foreign to her. 

Before long, partially masked escorts arrived to the party and removed their dresses to get naked. It became a free-for-all, with nearly every room on the ground floor being used for graphic sexual acts.

It also became the perfect distraction. Detective Rossii used it as a chance to plant a bug. She remembered the location; second floor, three rooms to the left.

She snuck away from the wild sex orgy and headed up the stairs. Three rooms to the left and she arrived at her location. 

"Looking for something?" a voice said behind her.

She turned around to see an elegantly dressed man wearing a gold mask. It only took an instant for her to make the connection. Between his hairline, his powerful body frame, and his voice, she knew it was her target-- James Rizzo.

"I'm sorry," she said in a sweet voice. "I followed the trail of artwork up here while everyone else is busy fucking. I was enchanted by the Medieval and Renaissance styles. Truly breathtaking work."

He looked over her naked body. "An art lover? I love your brain already."

"I was actually an Art major in college before dropping out. I wanted to be a teacher someday."

Rizzo nodded. "Is that so? Well that makes sense. You're clearly very intelligent. How about I give you a quick tour? Maybe we can learn from each other."

"Sure, I'd like that."

Rizzo extended his arm in a gentlemanly fashion, and she held it. They walked down the hall together, discussing each piece of artwork.

"You're from Loretta's club," he said, finally changing the subject. "But I've never seen you before, or heard your voice. You must be the new girl. The head of my security mentioned how stunning you are. He was right."

"That's sweet. You're quite the gentleman, unlike your friend."

Rizzo laughed. "I hope he didn't give you a hard time at the entrance. He can be that way sometimes."

"At least it was flattering. Part of my job is to look fuckable at all times."

They continued walking down the hall together while flirting and chatting about the artwork, and whenever they'd look at each other, Kelly saw lust in the man's eyes. She knew when a man was craving sexual satisfaction. This was a dangerous game she was playing, and with her mind on the bugging devices in her heels, it was worth the risk.

When they reached the end of the hall, James opened a door and motioned for her to enter.

"I'd like your company a while longer," he said politely. 

Looking inside, Kelly could see that this room was more of an office than a bedroom. There were tables, seats, couches, and a desk. A place of business? It certainly looked like it.

"Fine, if you insist," she smiled.

Once she entered the room, James closed the door and locked it.

"I'd like for us to be formally introduced. Please, remove your mask. I want to see if your face is as beautiful as Cutter says it is."

There was no point in arguing. Kelly reluctantly removed her mask and placed it on the table. She was unrecognizable from her usual self anyway.
