 Important Note: this story takes place when these students are all seniors and 18 year or older. 

*

I couldn't believe it. I, Ashley Parker, was in detention. 

I was a good kid. I handed in my homework on time. I didn't drink (except beer). And I spent most of my Friday nights home watching Criminal Minds instead of partying like most kids my age.

Yet here I sat in Classroom 102, alone, save two other troublemakers who also had landed themselves in detention.

There was Josh Canyon, football star. He really could have done anything to end up in detention and I wouldn't have been surprised. With an ego the size of a football field, Josh believed everyone in the world owed him something. Especially girls. I think at this point he had banged every girl on the cheer-leading team and was now moving swiftly through the drama club. 

Then there was Steven Schwartz. I have no clue why he was there. Steven was quiet and I didn't know that much about him except he was captain of the chess club. Which translated to he got beat up a lot. 

Our school had a cliché hierarchy with football players towards the top, people like Steven at the bottom and then a smattering of random students in the middle. Like me.

Detention meant sitting silently and pondering what you'd done. I'd rather not. My cheeks still burned with humiliation whenever I thought about it. How could I have been so stupid? 

"Ssssp," I turned around. Josh (who was two rows back) was leaning over the desk whispering to Steven. "Yo Schwartz, the fuck did you end up here, bro?"

Steven looked a little alarmed to be addressed by THE Josh Canyon. He stammered over his next few words. "You know....stuff".

"What kind of stuff?" Josh was not to be dismissed so easily. Steven reddened and I noticed for the first time he was kind of cute with intense hazel eyes and curly brown hair. Especially when he was blushing. 

"Just...stuff?" An awkward pause then "Why are you here?"

It was a bold move. I tried to focus on the desk in front of me not at the two boys but I was having a lot of trouble not getting wrapped up in the conversation.

"Claudia Scout. That dumb bitch is why I'm here. Decides to give me a blowjob in the janitor's closet. I mean, who can say no to a blowjob. So of course I go along with it, we get caught and I end up in detention," He rolled his eyes at me as if to say "Bitches amiright" 

I was so startled at being addressed by him that I quickly stared down at the desk again.

"Why isn't she here?" Steven asked.

"That slut said I forced her into it. Like I would need to. She was begging for it. Sucking cock is something girls really enjoy doing. Even if they are too proud to admit it to themselves," My face flushed.

I thought about Connor, my last boyfriend. I thought about the way he had me beg him to let me blow him. I'd get down on my knees look him in the eye, see that silly little smirk and hear his words. 

"Go ahead Ashley, beg for what you want,"

"Please," I would ask my voice quivering with arousal, "May I suck your cock?" At this point the bulge in his pants would be obvious. Depending on how aroused he was he might have me beg a second time. Then he would slowly undo the button on his jeans and allow me to worship his cock with my mouth. By the time he climaxed into my mouth, I was so close it often would only take a kiss to send me over the edge. The words he threw at me as I blew him got me so wet...."bitch" "slut" "cock hungry cunt". I would moan around his cock feeling my panties getting wetter and wetter, hearing him chuckle as my hands found my pussy and I began to furiously finger myself. 

"I-I," Steven was struggling to speak. He threw a hesitant glance at me. Josh seemed to sense his reluctance. 

"Here's an idea. How about you whisper it to me?" Steven looked a little more comfortable with that idea. Josh climbed over the desk and knelt down beside Steven who whispered something in his ear. Josh laughed and whispered something back. Steven turned bright red.

"So Ashley," Josh said turning to me. I jumped. I hadn't realized he knew my name, "What brings you here on this lovely afternoon?" No. No freaking way. I could barely admit it to myself let alone the most popular guy in school. 

"Not telling," I said, my voice hoarse. 

"Yes, you are," Josh said. He got closer then knelt down beside me as though expecting me to whisper it. He was in for a rude awakening. 

"I told you I'm not telling," I turned away from him. 

"Come on Ashley," he wheedled. 

"No," I shook my head. 

"Ashley," His lips brushed against my ear this time, "What can I do to make you" he moved his mouth lower so his lips hovered over my neck. I could feel his warm breath on me "tell me?"

"No," I said, my voice shaking, heart pounding. I struggled not to breathe heavily but it had been so long since anyone had been this close to me, much less someone like Josh Parker and his devilish blue eyes and dark tousled hair. 

"Please?" This time he actually placed a kiss on my neck, then another one, lower, towards the nape of my neck. 

"I....I was at the library. I was on a website,"

"What's wrong with that?" piped up Steven. Shit I had forgotten he was even in the room. 

"Mmmm, what website?" Another kiss, this time followed by a playful bite. I couldn't believe what was happening. Neither could Steven. He watched, eyes wide as Josh worked his magic on me. I was powerless to stop him. 

"Lit-literotica" Josh looked confused for a minute, then raised his eyebrows.

"The porn site!?" he exclaimed in disbelief. I could not believe I had just said that out loud. Steven looked stunned. 

Humiliated, I buried my face in my hands conscious of the fact that I hadn't been this aroused in a while. 

"Hey," Josh seemed to feel bad for me "Steven here was caught trying to peek into the girls locker room. So don't feel too bad. You aren't the only sexual deviant here,"

I shot a glance at Steven who looked absolutely mortified. Josh shot him a taunting grin.

"Apparently he's never seen a naked girl in real life before," That didn't surprise me to be honest. I've seen the girls in chess club. Most of them sport purity rings.

"You, Ashley," Josh returned his attention to me, "You have been naughty," 

These words shot a jolt throughout my body. I could scarcely breathe. "Haven't you?" He actually expected a response.

"I-" I was absolutely soaked now, conscious of both of their gazes on me. 

"No-no"

"Don't be shy," Josh began kissing my neck again. He reached a particularly sensitive place and I released a moan. I felt him smile against me. "You're a little slut aren't you?"

"Hey" Steven interjected looking troubled. Josh turned to him. "Don't worry Steven. See Ashley here (and most girls) actually get off on being called a slut. It's just who they are. Isn't that right Ashley?" he turned back to me with a mocking smile.

"Yes," I admitted it so quietly neither could hear me. 

"What's that?" Josh cupped a hand to his ear and leaned closer taunting me.

"Yes"

"Good girl," Josh cupped my face with his hands and turned my face towards his. I saw the hunger in his eyes as he leaned closer to me Then we were kissing his tongue slowly sliding over my lips, gently asking for entry, then demanding it. I opened my mouth and felt him moan as our tongues danced together. 

"E-hem," I heard Steven clear his throat. Much to my disappointment, I felt Josh pull away. 

"So Steven how successful was your peeping?" My eyes were glazed over with arousal but I could see Steven squirm.

"I didn't see much of anything," he admitted. Josh looked mischievous.

"Would you like to?" Then, without waiting for an answer, he turned to me. "Take off your top Ashley."

"What? No way!" 

"I said," Josh leaned in for another forceful kiss "take off your top. Or I'll take it off for you"

I glanced around. The shades were drawn. We were completely alone for the next half hour. Oh, what was the harm? It was Josh Parker after all. Slowly, aware of both of their eyes on me I pulled off my top revealing my underwire bra covering most of my breasts.

Now I'm about five foot two (clearly on the short side) and everything about me is small. Almost everything. I've been a D cup since about tenth grade (it was senior year now). I heard Josh groan and then lean in for another kiss. As his tongue explored my mouth, I felt his arms on my bare back. Before I was aware of what he was doing he had unhooked my bra. When he finally pulled away, my bra came away with him revealing my erect nipples, my pink areolas practically begging for attention. I immediately went to cross my arms in front of my chest but Josh grabbed my arms.

"Shhh," he whispered to me reassuringly "You have a beautiful body" Steven stared openly. I saw his hand move to his crotch as if to shield it from view. Josh saw it too and smirked.

"Hey Steven come here," 

"I-I can't," 

"No one gives a shit about your boner. Just come here," Steven stood up reluctantly still holding his hands in front of his crotch. He walked over to us and stared down at me, his pupils dilated with arousal. 

"She has nice tits doesn't she?" Josh said, tweaking my nipple gently with his finger. I gasped and arched my back, "So responsive," he whispered in my ear.

"Y-yes," Steven stammered.

"Why don't you tell her? Tell her she has nice tits," 

"You-you have nice tits," 

"Thank you," I whispered. With an impish grin, Josh turned to Steven.

"Looks like those nipples need to be sucked hard don't they? Think you are up to the job?" He shot a side glance at me as if asking if that was okay. I was so aroused I couldn't think straight. 

Hesitantly, Steven knelt down in front of me so his mouth was level with my breast (I was still sitting in the chair). He took my breast into his mouth and began to suck, gently at first, then more urgently, his eyes locked on mine which made it all the more erotic. Finally he withdrew his mouth and looked at Josh as if for approval. 

"Very good" Josh said with satisfaction. He looked at me. "Did that feel good Ashley?"

I nodded. I had forgotten how to speak. I was topless before two guys I had never even talked to up until thirty minutes ago. My panties were drenched and I had no idea how far this would go. 

"Bet your other breast wants the same attention" He walked around the desk, knelt beside me and took my other breast into his mouth. I gasped as Steven resumed his attention to my first breast both tits being teased and played with by two different guys. Finally, Josh pulled away first, then Steven somewhat reluctantly.

"You have such nice breasts" Steven said, looking up at me. His gentle compliment caused another gush of liquid into my panties. 

Almost as if he knew, Josh took control once more. 

"Stand up Ashley" I did so my knees practically shaking. "Take off your pants"

"I-I can't," My shirt was one thing. I couldn't let them see how wet I was.

"Steven, take them off for her," Steven looked as though he expected me to p

ut up a fight. When I didn't move he undid the buttons, slid down my zipper and helped me out of my pants. It was like I was in some sort of trance.

"Panties too," Josh ordered. Steven did so, then stared as he held my dripping panties in his hands. 

"Hand them to me," 

"Wow," Even Josh looked taken aback then up at me with newfound respect, "You really are a slut aren't you. These are soaking Ashley. Absolutely soaking," He touched me between my bare pussy lips. "You are absolutely soaking," When he pulled his hand away I hid my head seeing my juices shining on his fingers. 

"You need some release don't you" I nodded and whimpered as he touched me again. 

"I think Steven here can help with that" He turned to me. "Get on the desk Ashley"

"I-I" As if I was a child, he put his hands under my armpits and lifted me onto the desk. 

"Now spread your legs" I did so, putting my bare pussy on display for both hungry pair of eyes. Steven looked as though he might faint.

"Have you ever eaten pussy Steven?" Steven shook his head.

"Well it's a good time to learn. And we have a slut right here to practice on," Steven got on his knees, visibly shaking. He lowered his tongue to my pussy and began to eat me out.

Ohhhh. The feeling was exquisite. I moaned and thrashed a little then pushed his head deeper into my pussy, much to Steven's surprise. Josh chuckled.

"Lick her clit, Steven. It's the most sensitive part," Steven found my little bud with began to flick it with his tongue.

"Ahhh, ooohhh, fuck!" I clapped a hand over my mouth and pulled my hair with the other hand. I writhed, moaning helplessly as Steven went to work on my poor pussy.

At one point I tried to squirm away. "It's too much," I insisted. 

"Sssh," Josh was by my ear "Just relax. It feels good doesn't it?"

"Yessss" I moaned as he continued to work his magic.

After a while, Josh said "Stand up Ashley" I did so my legs shaking. Steven had to help support me. 

"Continue," Josh said in a husky voice. I wondered why Josh put us in this rather awkward position then I felt two hands on my ass. I jumped

"Just relax" Josh whispered. He lowered his mouth to my ass and began to lick up and down my crack. I felt him hover above my puckered asshole then began to tease it with his tongue. With Josh's face buried in my ass and Steven licking my pussy, I wasn't going to last long. I started to shake. I felt Steven lick faster, play more with my clit. I heard Josh inhale deeply. The knowledge that he was enjoying the very scent of my ass pushed me over the edge.

I let out a long cry as I came, liquid gushing from my pussy onto Steven's face. I heard him let out a moan as well, and felt him shake as he struggled to lick up every last drop. When he stood up shakily I saw the stain on his pants and realized he had came as well. I slumped, limp and felt Josh support me and guide me to my seat, still shaking from the aftermath of my intense orgasm.

Josh let us rest for a moment, all of us breathing rather heavily. Then he turned to me and said "Bet you enjoyed that you little slut," I nodded struggling to catch my breath. I felt almost dizzy.

"Now it's your turn to replay the favor", He put his hands on his belt and began to undo it slowly. He unbuttoned his jeans and unzipped his pants before pulling out a nice thick cock. 

I was going to have the pleasure of being eaten out and sucking cock. 

I would have to land myself in detention more often.

To be continued.