 Caleb tossed his duffel bag onto the oversized hotel bed. Sprawled down beside it, spread-eagled on his back. "I can't believe we finally made it!" he exclaimed. 

Joey and Angela pulled open thick curtains, revealed wide glass doors. Large stone veranda, three lounge chairs and a hammock. Beyond, blue sky descending into crystal waters. Glorious sunlight. A lone cloud in the distance, like a clump of half-toasted marshmallows. Joey unlocked the glass doors, pulled them open, silencing the air conditioner. A gentle breeze eased into the room, refreshing. 

Brie's voice calling from a different part of the suite "You all have got to see this!" Joey, Caleb and Angela raced toward her voice. They found her in the bathroom with Kyle, staring wide-eyed. A collective intake of breath. Paradise in marble. Huge whirlpool bathtub, separate shower with clear glass doors, private sauna and steam room. Plush terrycloth robes, an assortment of exotic soaps, scrubs, washes, shampoos, creams, lotions and body oils. "This place is incredible," Angela breathed. "All five of us could fit in that tub!" Smiles all around. 

"No time to waste!" Joey proclaimed, clapping the others out of their reverie. "Let's get out of here and see what the rest of this place has to offer." They scrambled back out to the bedroom, ruffled through bags filled with bathing suits and suntan lotion. "So do we even change, or what's the deal?" Angela asked the room. 

"Uh, bathing suits I guess," said Joey. Brie and Angela grabbed their suits and scampered back into the bathroom to change. "Hey ladies," Caleb called after them. "I thought we were going to loosen up a little this week." Muffled giggling on the other side of the door. No answer. 

A few minutes later, the girls emerged to catcalls and whistles, throwing the boys withering looks. Brie in a black string bikini, tiny triangles barely keeping secrets. Angela in a silver one-piece, sides cut dangerously high. Suits on, they headed to the elevator. 

------------- 

Joey claimed that he thought up the idea first, but really it was a team effort. In fact, it was Brie's mother who first mentioned that the kids should take a vacation. "You've earned it," she had said, and she was right. They had reached the home stretch of their high school careers, the five of them. Excellent students, they had worked their asses off for the last three years and would be dominating various college campuses in the fall. They were as close to each other as any friends could be. So when Brie's mom suggested a vacation for spring break, they jumped at it. "Somewhere warm," said Angela. "Jamaica," said Caleb. But it was Joey who came up with the kicker. 

"What's Devil's Island?" asked Angela. 

"C'mon, you've never heard of Devil's Island?" said Joey. "It's that resort in Jamaica, you know, like, that place where kids go and, you know..." He was blushing. This was harder to say than he had thought. 

"It's that naked sex resort in Jamaica," Brie blurted out. She feigned anger, blushed with excitement. 

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. It's not a sex resort," Joey hastily corrected. "It's just, you know, a little more, uh, liberal about rules and stuff like that." 

"People just walk around naked all the time?" Kyle asked incredulously. Tingling. 

"No, it's nothing like that. Well, I don't really know what it's like," said Joey. "Apparently there are parts of the resort, like pools and beaches and bars, where you don't have to wear bathing suits or anything like that." Stumbling over his words. "But, I mean, I don't think it's, like, a sex resort or anything." Hoped he was wrong. 

"I don't know," said Caleb. "It sounds a little weird, doesn't it? I mean, I love you guys, but the last time I saw any of you naked was, like, ten years ago. And won't it just be a bunch of old flabby people anyway?" 

"No, apparently there's an age restriction. You have to be under 30 to stay there. Anyway, the point isn't necessarily to get naked," said Joey. Yes it is, yes it is. "The point is that we've all known each other for how long now? We have no secrets from each other. This is just a great place to go and relax and let it all hang out." Blushing. "I mean...aw forget it, it was just a stupid idea anyway." 

"No, wait," said Brie. She wasn't going to let this opportunity slip away. "Joey's right. I mean, come on. Who are we kidding? I know all of you well enough to know that each one of you is secretly thinking the same thing I am: that this sounds hot and you're all turned on by it." Accusing looks around the circle. Faces softening into smiles. They all silently acknowledged that she was right. 

"OK, fine, let's do it," Angela said decisively. Her throat felt white hot. 

------------------- 

With a pleasant ding, the elevator doors parted and the five friends emerged into the open-air lobby of the Hotel at Devil's Island. The girls in sexy swimsuits, the boys in trunks, shirtless, firm bodies glistening in the heavenly Caribbean heat. Towels and suntan lotion. Groups of twenty-somethings mingled in the lobby, headed off toward various activities. Taking the lead, Joey led them down a small path toward the beach and pool area. No one spoke. They were nervous and excited, didn't know what to expect. 

A fork in the road. A wooden post stuck into the ground, signs pointing in every direction, like the spines atop a pineapple. Flirt Cafe. Devil's Dancehall. Sinful. Beaches & Pools. They followed this last one. A young couple approached, smiled at them, walked past. "Well, they were wearing clothes," Caleb murmured. Disappointed. "There's only certain parts of the resort that are clothing-optional," Joey said. "We aren't there...yet." 

The path split again. Another sign post: 



"Well it's the moment of truth, guys," said Brie. "Which way do we go?" 

"Come on, we made it this far, we're not chickening out now," said Kyle. They turned right and continued down the path, butterflies swarming. A sharp bend, pink azaleas bursting all around them. The path opened up suddenly into a carpet of deep green grass. Bright blue water shone up from an enormous lagoon before them. Water cascaded down from sculpted rocks and plunged into the pool with a dull roar. Pool chairs circled the lagoon like eyelashes, bedecked in a rainbow mascara of beach towels and discarded clothing. Mostly-naked bathers frolicked in the water or lounged beside the pool. A beach ball landed softly on the grass near Joey's feet, and a young woman came bounding after it, seemingly unconcerned with her own bareness. She winked at him before grabbing the ball and scampering away, her bronzed behind bobbing back and forth. 

"This is so...cool!" 

"Yeah. Do we want to stay here, or keep going down to the beach?" 

"Let's keep going," said Angela. "I want to see what the beach is like." 

They walked across the lawn to where the path ran down a gentle slope. As they followed it, the path slowly turned from stone to dirt and then to sand. The vast ocean loomed ahead, patches of blue and green and every shade in between. Palm trees clustered like bristles on a hairbrush. The sun's heat poured over their bare shoulders and arms. A wooden sign announced their arrival at Sinner's Cove. Below, a smaller sign like an afterthought: Beach Rules: This space intentionally left blank. Someone with a sense of humor. They kicked off their flip-flops and headed onto the beach. Glistening white sand like silk between their toes. The beach was less crowded than the pool area, but there were several groups of people scattered across the strip of sand, which stretched around to their left and came to an abrupt halt at a cluster of rocks about two hundred yards away. Lush tropical bushes and palm trees lined the top edge of the beach, ensuring privacy and creating an intimate, cozy feel. The gorgeous waters of the Caribbean stretched into the horizon. Small waves crested offshore and nestled with a soft whisper against the pristine sand. 

"Well, here we are," said Joey. "I guess we should find a place and settle down." He was nervous. Was this such a good idea? 

Friendly smiles, waves, head nods as they made their way across the sand. Roaming eyes. Some of the beachgoers were still in swim suits or parts of swimsuits, but most were completely bare. The friends had never seen so many young naked people before. The sight was exhilarating. It felt great, natural. If all these people are comfortable being naked, then why shouldn't we be? 

"How about here?" said Joey. 

They nodded their agreement. "This looks good to me," said Kyle, throwing down his towel. The others followed suit. They were standing in a semi-circle over their towels, not sure what to do next. Caleb broke the ice with a gasp. 

"What?" said Angela. Followed his eyes. Glistening bodies in the distance. A boy, looked about 20, lay on his back, propped up on his elbows, body tensed, shining in the sunlight. His toned body tense in concentration, his eyes fixed on the face of the naked blonde girl who was giving him head. She bobbed up and down on his rigid member, seemingly oblivious to the world around her. Her left hand cupped his balls as her right hand slowly stroked the base of his generous cock. Several people were staring at the couple, absently touching themselves or the people around them. The girl tongued the flared head of the boy's penis, causing it to swell even more. She swirled her tongue over the tip and then engulfed his dick, rapidly sliding her lips up and down the shaft. His stomach muscles tensed and he threw his head back as she popped his cock out of her mouth. She stroked him quickly, and after a few seconds he erupted, spraying white jets of cum over his stomach and chest. She continued stroking as the milky liquid dribbled down over her fingers and nestled at the base of his softening penis. He smoothed his hands over his chest and abs, rubbing his seed into the sweat and suntan lotion on his skin. The girl leaned in and they engaged in a quick kiss, tongues flirting for a second. His spent penis resting against his stomach. Then she lay down beside him and they were still. 

"Umm." 

"Wow." 

"O.K." 

Kyle smirked. "Not a sex resort, eh Joey?" 

Joey's erection was painful. He adjusted his shorts. "I had no idea it was going to be like this," he said. 

They looked around. Most people were just sunbathing or swimming or reading...or touching or licking or jerking off or fucking. A couple was going at it nearby, her legs thrown up over his shoulders as he plowed into her. A little farther away, a girl was on her knees in front of two guys. She was sucking a thick cock while stroking another. The two guys leaned in and started kissing each other deeply as their dicks continued to be serviced. A lone girl sat not too far away, furiously fingering herself and stroking her breasts. Sex was all around them. Some of it conspicuous, some of it not. 

The five friends were stunned. "This place is...amazing," Caleb mumbled. 

"Yeah, uh, I think we need to talk about this," said Angela. 

They sat down on their towels, tried to ignore the goings-on around them. 

"Personally, I think this is all a little too much for me," Angela began. "I mean, I was a little wary about baring myself to you guys and everyone else on this beach, but, well, now that seems like the least of my worries." 

"Uh...what?" said Joey, staring, distracted. Snapped out of it. "I mean, I know, I know. I really wasn't expecting this either. But maybe it's an opportunity for us to, you know, really just let ourselves have fun." 

"Yeah," Caleb agreed. "Like, we're best friends. We've been through all kinds of things together. Why shouldn't we be able to just let loose and have a really good time?" 

Brie shrugged. "As the saying goes: What happens in Cancun, stays in Cancun, right?" 

"We're not in Cancun," said Kyle. 

"You know what I mean, jackass," scoffed Brie. 

They sat in silence for awhile. "This is so weird," said Angela. "But...we are here to have fun. So..." 

"So let's just do it!" Joey said. "I think once we get over this nudity hump, the rest will just flow naturally. And no one has to do anything they don't want to, right. We'll just go with the flow." 

"OK, let's do it," said Kyle. "But first, we have to get rid of these clothes." 

"Yeah. OK." Caleb paused. "OK, we'll do it like taking off a band-aid." 

"What?" said Brie skeptically. 

"You know, we'll all just stand up, and on the count of three we'll just take it all off." 

Laughter. "OK, sounds like a plan," said Joey. "And then let's all just run into the water, it'll ease the tension a little bit." 

They stood up. Angela shivered despite the intense heat. "OK, I can do this," she whispered. 

"Ready, on the count of three," said Joey. "One..." Angela slipped the straps of her suit over her shoulders. "...two..." Drawstrings loosened. "...THREE!" 

A burst of movement, flashes of color as shorts and suits slipped to the ground. Five naked bodies hurtling toward the sea. "It's like we're streaking!" yelled Brie. They got to the water's edge, splashed ahead, dove into the current. The waist-deep water was refreshing, salty. Frolicking like sea lions. Nudity was forgotten as the friends splashed and goofed off in the water. Quick flashes of formerly private parts. Brie didn't try to hide her ample breasts as they bounced and swayed with her movements. Angela felt liberated. This was the natural human state and it was wonderful. Careful not to touch anyone. 

After awhile they slowed down, prepared to get out of the water. Modesty returned. Angela crossed her arms over her breasts and sunk down into the water. Eyes scanning each other's faces. "OK, are we ready to get out now?" asked Caleb. 

"Uh, yeah, I guess so," Brie replied, holding her breasts. 

"Well, we all went in together, so I guess we should all get out together too, right?" offered Kyle. 

"Right," Joey agreed. "OK, let's go." He waded slowly toward shore, the water level sinking below his lower back to reveal the top of his well-formed ass and then lower still. No one else moved. A cat-call from Caleb. "Yeah, hot stuff, shake it baby!" 

Joey spun around furious. "Hey, are you guys coming or what!" Thick penis limp and dripping. Joey blushed and covered himself with his hands. "Fine, well I'm getting out." He turned back and stomped defiantly up to the shore. Joey's body toned and tan from four years of varsity water polo, pale tan lines where his Speedos usually sat. Angela blushed in spite of herself. "Well, I guess we should follow him," she said dubiously. The four of them started slowly toward the shore, eyes straight ahead. Heads held high, they rose up, water cascading down their naked young bodies. 

to be continued...