 Continued from Part 1...

-----------------------------------------

When they reached their towels, they found Joey lying on his back, arms tucked behind his head, body bared for all the world to see. He grinned up at them. "What took you guys so long?" 

"Well, it appears that someone is comfortable with this whole thing," Brie laughed. She scanned his body, his thick shoulders and hairless, muscular chest, defined abs, tapered waist, strong legs. She had never seen his penis before, and her gaze lingered, took in the slumbering beast nestled in a thatch of closely-cropped hair, the softness resting languidly between his thighs. His balls hung loose and low in the hot air. An involuntary shiver in her groin. 

They lay down on their towels, slowly growing accustomed to the vulnerability of public nakedness. "See this isn't so bad," said Kyle, who was lying face-up between Joey and Brie. They lay in silence for some time. Angela was on her stomach next to Caleb. Her pale, slender frame soaking up the sun's relentless heat. Beautiful, sculpted ass, like the finest marble. "I'm going to burn to a crisp if I stay out here for too long," she said to no one. Caleb was applying sunscreen to his arms and chest. "Cale, can you rub some of that on my back when you're done?" Angela asked. 

"Sure, no problem," Caleb said. He finished applying lotion to his skin, blushing as he rubbed some into his penis and it responded slightly. At least it won't get burned. He got up and knelt next to Angela, squeezed some lotion into his hand. He rubbed his hands together and began massaging the lotion into her back. He scanned her body as his hands worked. Slender back, creamy skin, gorgeous supple ass. Eyes closed, Angela moaned softly as Caleb's hands massaged the lotion into her lower back and moved lower to knead her soft ass. His cock was growing. As he leaned over to reach the far side of her hip, it brushed her left ass cheek and her eyes shot open. They looked at each other, surprised. He couldn't move. Didn't want to.

Her eyes dropped to his crotch and the attention caused him to grow even more. She watched intently as his cock expanded against her, the head flaring and flushing. His hands were still glued to her ass. Angela was breathing rapidly now, she was riveted by the heavy organ leaning against her. Caleb grew bold. His right hand slipped between her legs, fingers inching up toward the dark junction of her thighs. He touched her outer lips and she drew in her breath sharply.

Caleb glanced apprehensively at the three other friends behind him, but their eyes were all closed, oblivious to the intimacy two feet away. He looked again at Angela and her eyes were glazed and narrow. Her lips parted slightly as her tongue darted out to wet them. Her other lips also parted, allowing Caleb to slide a finger inside her. Wetness. Warmth. His cock was fully erect now, huge and pulsing against Angela's leg. Without making a sound, he shifted his position, placing his right knee on the outside of her right hip, straddling her.

He removed his fingers from her pussy and leaned forward, placing his elbows on either side of her shoulders so that he was on all fours. He lowered his waist until his straining tool was nestled in the crack of her ass, heavy and hot. His muscular chest rested against her back as he embraced her from behind. She responded by lifting her ass and slowly rubbing against his throbbing manhood. The slickness of lotion and sweat allowed his cock to slide smoothly between her beautiful mounds. He leaned his head into hers and nibbled gently on her ear. "I want to fuck you, Angela," he whispered feverishly. "Please," she responded. "Please, fuck me Caleb." 

Putting his weight on his left elbow, he reached down with his right hand and grasped his dick. He guided it to her moist entrance, teased her slit with the bulbous head. "Please," she begged again. He positioned his thick cock against her pussy and slowly pushed forward. The mushroom head pressed against her lips, parted them and entered her slick canal. Angela gasped as he slid the entire length of his cock into her at once, his thickness pushing against her inner walls. So full, so deep.

Caleb rested his weight on his elbows and drew his length out of her pussy until only the head remained inside. He plunged back into her with a moan, as she pushed back against him. He quickened the pace, sliding in and out of her, his hardness rubbing her engorged clit with each pass. She reached down between her legs and began to finger herself furiously, as Caleb continued to piston.

They were oblivious to everything else around them. Forgot where they were, who they were with. As Angela approached climax, she moaned with each thrust of Caleb's hips. Her fingers flew over her sensitive nub, and the fullness of Caleb's cock sent her over the edge. Stars in her eyes. She came powerfully, grinding her ass against his strong trunk.

As her orgasm subsided, Caleb's arrived suddenly. He wrenched his throbbing cock from her snatch and gripped it tightly with his right hand, pumping furiously. Angela turned her head to watch as gobs of pearly cum sprayed out of his slit, showering onto her back and ass. Caleb's head of unruly blonde locks was thrown back, his muscles tense as he squeezed the last drops of cum out of his spent dick. Collapsed on the towel next to Angela, panting.

"Ahem." It was Brie.

Caleb and Angela looked up sheepishly to find their three best friends gaping at them.

To be continued...