 My friend and I are at a local club watching a band play. We are invited backstage, no doubt because of her. She's thin, beautiful, and has a knack for getting whatever she wants. Sometimes I wonder why we're friends. She's everything that I think I am not.

She grabs my hand as the beefy roadie puts our backstage passes over our necks. The pass rests between her smallish breasts while mine sits proudly on my D cups. She makes a joke about my "shelf" and it makes me feel more normal. She's always been supportive.

We wait for the band to leave the stage and come backstage. They're sweating from the hot lights of the stage, slipping their guitars off over their heads, carrying their drumsticks, basically ignoring us as they pass by. We smile and wave to no avail.

The roadie who gave us our badges escorts us back to the dressing room. Inside the room, the band is already partially disrobed, shirtless. Women with too much makeup and too much hairspray are there, cooing over the men. Immediately, we spy our favorite guitarist. He's actually alone, drinking from a water bottle and watching his friends make time with the groupies.

My friend pulls me over with her. We approach this beautiful, dark haired man with a goatee and soulful eyes, sitting on his dressing table. We are like nervous school girls. He's actually polite. I would've expected him to tell us to fuck off, but he seems grateful for the diversion. As the three of us chat, we sit closer to him on barstools the roadie has brought over, one of us on each side of him. The conversation is lively as he turns to us both, answering and asking questions.

People are beginning to disappear in couples or threesomes. The room is becoming more somber. This man seems painfully shy. I know my friend and I both desire him but it's obvious he's not going to make a choice. I will probably lose to her. I always do. Sensing this, my friend reaches for my face and caresses my cheek, reaching over this man's lap. He pulls back to watch as she touches me.

She tells me that she loves me and I am her best friend. Then she turns to him and tells him how badly we would both like to be with him, in THAT way. "Really?" he asks. We both answer simultaneously, "Really!!!" My friend doesn't hesitate to take more of the initiative.

She smiles at our new friend as she wraps her hand in my hair, behind my head, cupping it, and pulls my mouth to hers. This is our first kiss. I never dreamed we'd do this, let alone in front of others. Her lips are soft and full and are compatible with my full lips. I find myself giving in easily. I'm turned on by how brazen she is, by him watching us, and by how good this truly feels.

His hands stroke our heads, playing in our hair as we kiss. He is encouraging us. We're cooing softly as we kiss. I am tingling down in my clit from her lips. Our mouths open and I can now feel her tongue in my mouth. It's warm and her breath is sweet from mints we bought earlier in the night.

I decide to be brave. I do something neither of us would've expected. I reach for his pants as kiss over his lap. I undo his pants and he adjusts for me, giving me the access I seek. My hand reaches down into his pants and begins to rub his cock through his cartoon covered boxers. I can hear him moan while we kiss. Our kiss breaks long enough for my friend to watch me caressing our idol.

She slides down onto the floor first and I take her cue. I join her on the floor as we lower his pants together. His cock is making a tent in his boxers. She removes his boots, socks, and pants but leaves his boxers. We giggle at the playfulness of his choice in undergarments. I stand to pull his t-shirt up. As I raise it over his head, his chest and stomach are revealed. He's much more defined than I would've thought. He hides his beautiful physique behind wifebeaters and flannel shirts or black t-shirts. His eyes implore me to kiss him as I tug the shirt from his arms and drop it behind him. I lean down, take his face in my hands, and kiss his mouth.

His goatee is soft to the touch. I cannot resist exploring it with my thumbs as I part his lips with my tongue. He moans as we kiss....and the moan becomes more fervored. I look down and see that my friend is busy with his cock.

She's pulled his rod thru the snap front of his boxers and is slowly sucking him. I suck his tongue like a small cock, into my mouth, while she's sucking his true cock, a beautiful pink cock, into her mouth. He slouches in response, relaxing under our skillful mouths.

I kiss my way down his jawline, throat, chest. I nuzzle into the hair of his chest and suckle at his nipples as I make my way to join her. He takes turns throwing his head back and moaning and then watching us. My auburn hair moving lower and her honey blond hair bobbing in his lap. I cannot resist the temptation to kiss over his firm stomach and that "happy trail" of hair that leads to his soft bush.

I am at my feet with her. I whisper into her ear and she stops sucking him. We have him stand and we peel his boxers off of his body. His hands on his hips, he looks down at us, proudly displaying his hard-on before us. My mouth waters at the very sight of it and I know she knows why.

Instead of blowing him right then and there, we begin to undress. Being insecure about my body, I hesitate but she won't let me be shy. She removes her shirt and bra and then reaches for mine. I look up at him and he smiles down at us, approvingly. As she removes my bra, I hear him softly whisper "nice." I am relieved.

We both struggle to remove our jeans and undergarments. He asks us to leave on our shoes though. I never would've guessed that my choice in shoes (blue suede pumps) would turn a man on this much. For her, she has on ankle boots with heels that tailor down into a spike. So there we are. Totally naked in front of each other (something we haven't done since 8th grade band camp during shower time) and in front of him....save for our shoes!

Now we can get back to the business of sampling our idol's cock.

We take turns stroking him. I let my hand slowly glide up and down his shaft while she suckles at his head, glazed with pre cum. She cups his ball sack while I bob to and fro on his shaft. Together, we frantically flick our tongues along the top, bottom, and sides of his shaft, stealing kisses from each other as we flick.

As I bury his shaft in my mouth and throat, eyes closed, I feel fingers at my pussy. My friend is rubbing the moisture from my cunt around my smooth lips. She spreads the wetness, rubbing at my clit softly, then slipping a finger inside me as I crouch before him. She's on her hands and knees, fingering me, kissing my neck and arms. She withdraws her fingers, drenched in my sex, and stands next to him, offering her fingers to him. He sucks them dry, moaning as he sucks. She joins him in sucking and their tongues meet while my taste lingers on her fingers and their lips.

He moves her to the front of his body, causing me to stop sucking his cock. I stand up as he places her ass against his cock. There's nothing for her to brace herself on so I grab a stool for her. She thanks me as she bends down toward the stool. He rubs his cock into her wet cunt and slowly enters her. I watch as he pushes into her. I caress his spine and shoulders as he enters her cunt, whispering to him to fuck her well...to make her cum on his cock.

Everytime he pulls back from her, I can see her juices smeared on his shaft and matting down his pubic hair. The smell of sex permeates the room and I am getting not just a visual but an olfactory experience as well. I have never tasted pussy before but the more they fuck, the more I want to give my love to her, to cement our friendship.

I slide under her body, between her pussy and the stool. She bends back against him a bit so there's more room. Looking up into her eyes, my hands on her hips, she asks if I'm sure and I mouth the word "yes" to her. I bring my face to her closely trimmed bush and feel the fuzzies against my face. I breathe their sex in as I extend my tongue to her clit. He pulls back until just his head is in her, allowing me some clearance. She lets out an incredibly raspy "Oh God" as I slide my tongue down her slit and I lick at what is left of his cock in her pussy. His sounds now rival hers.

I begin to move my tongue up and down the length of her, occasionally catching his cock with it. Her juices are thick. He's pumping her harder now, and faster. I can barely keep my tongue on her because of his thrusts. Her hands leave the chair and she grabs at my head, pulling me so close to her, with such passion, that her nails dig into my head causing me slight pain. She is fucking my mouth as he fucks her cunt. I can barely breathe as I suck her clit hard. She's screaming that she's going to cum. He goads her into it, telling her that he'll fill her with cum when she's ready. I actually feel the spasms as her clit shudders and she explodes in orgasm against my face and around his cock. He is moaning as he shoves his cock in for the final thrust and announces his cum is entering her.

I keep my mouth on her, my face against her, until I know she's finished. When she stops shuddering and stops her deathlike grip on my head, I move back and look up at her. She's beautiful and damn near melting before me.

He pulls out, semi hard, and asks if I would like him to fuck me too. I enthusiastically and shamelessly answer "yes please!" I've only waited to hear those words from him forever. I never expected to meet this man let alone suck his cock or ride it.

He takes my hand and pulls me from my knees, onto my feet. He grabs her hand as well and leads us over to a couch. He has me lie on my back, my head propped up by 2 fluffy pillows. I throw one leg on the back of the sofa, one foot still on the floor. I feel like a sex kitten in this pose. He kisses my friend and tells her that he wants to see her lick me. "With pleasure," she says.

She kneels beside the couch and moves directly into my cunt. I'm watching her in disbelief. My friend is licking and sucking me. Her honey blond head is moving at my crotch. Her tongue is more knowing than any man whose ever eaten me. She is gentle and firm, slow and fast. Without much effort, she is bringing me to the verge of orgasm while he watches.

He moves around to behind me. He's at the arm of the sofa, looking down at us. He reaches down and tugs at my nipples, making them painfully erect. He cups my breasts and massages. He can barely fit my tits in his hands but he makes a good go of it. He bends down over me and as I hover on the brink of orgasm from my friend, he sucks my nipples. His suction causes a direct link to my cunt and I loudly announce my orgasm. She buries her tongue deeper then sucks my clit, alternating as wave after wave contracts within my body. He looks up from my nipple, watching her dedication. When her wet face is raised, her chin dripping with my juice, he tells her to move so he can fuck me.

She licks her lips and moves away. He kisses her as he moves to her spot. He makes an "mmmmm" sound as he tastes me from her mouth and they both tell me how good I taste.

He gets on one knee, on the sofa cushion, his other foot on the floor. He lifts the leg I had on the floor and raises it up over his shoulder. He guides his cock into me, mingling his cum, her cum, and my cum all together. Slowly his hips pump into me. I am glued to his beautiful face. He plays me the way he plays his guitar. He reaches down and caresses my breasts, my abdomen, down over my tummy....as though he's blind and reading the Braille of my body.

My friend has moved behind him. She's sitting on the other arm of the sofa, knees apart. Her head is back, her throat elongated. She's moaning and from as best as I can tell, she's massaging her clit. Her voice is throaty as she moans for him to fuck me good....commanding and encouraging him. He takes her cues and begins to thrust deeper. As he begins to pound, and his balls begin to slap against me, he suddenly rams deeper than before, arching backward and letting out a moan. My friend has taken her pussy soaked finger and pushed it into his rectum. Her free hand is on his shoulder and she grips him from behind as she fingers him, as he fucks me. His face contorts in what looks like pain until he yells out an "Oh shit! Fuck me you slut! YESSSSS!" And from what I can see over his shoulder, she's giving his tight hole a workout. She has the look of determination on her face, followed by a smirk and wink to me.

His cock is so deep inside that he feels like an extension of my own body. His hands pull me at the hips and he screams that he's going to cum. She's muttering in his ear, tugging at his long hair, goading him into his orgasm, demanding that he flood me with his seed. He sends a deep rush of cum into my body, lifting my hips off the couch as he fucks and cums into me. His eyes are closed and he's leaving imprints on my hips from the vice-like grip he has on me.

Feeling his orgasm, I cannot contain my own. I howl as I feel the welling of my own orgasm. I pulse around his cock, feeling it grow slightly soft but bearing down on it nonetheless. I'm gripping at the pillows and cushions as I cum around his shaft, bucking, whimpering in a satisfied fashion.

My friend pulls her finger from him. She reaches around his body, embracing him, her head against his shoulder blade. He, in turn, leans them down and he nuzzles against me, sandwiched between the two of us. I kiss his head and pet her hair.

Before we can fall asleep, a security person comes into the room and collects our clothes for us. He hands them to us and asks us to get dressed. He's called us a limo. We kiss our rock star idol goodbye, scamper off, giddily, to the limo and hold each other on the ride home. We'll never forget him....or our first experience together.