 I watched as Diana slipped a short black, wrap-around dress over her head and pulled the belt tight. She was only wearing a tiny pair of wispy black lace panties and sheer thigh-high stockings under the dress.

She sat down next to me and pulled on her matching high heel shoes.

She turned to me and lightly kissed me with her full lips.

"I'm ready to go." she said and stood up.

I took her hand and we walked out to the car. We drove to the restaurant, parked the car, and went in. We had made reservations and had arrived early. We were both nervous and I ordered drinks.

As we sipped our drinks, we talked about the plans we had made for this evening. We had called Steve after exchanging erotic messages with him on an adult chat line and decided to meet him. The idea and the mental pictures of watching her with Steve intrigued me. Diana is a very sensual lover and always willing to try just about anything. 

I had been watching the entry into the bar and spotted Steve looking around. I slipped out of the booth and walked over to him. We shook hands and smiled nervously at each other.

"Follow me." I said walking to the booth.

I admitted to myself that he was every bit as good looking as I had described him to Diana. He was my height, six foot, with broad shoulders and a narrow waist.

I introduced them and he slid in to the booth next to Diana. I sat down next to her.

The waitress came over and we ordered a round of drinks.

We decided to eat our meal in the lounge and ordered. The three of us made small talk and you could feel the sexual tension building throughout the meal. The waitress cleared the table as the band started playing. Diana took turns dancing with each of us, clearly enjoying being the center of attention, not only for us, but also for the other couples in the room and on the dance floor.

During one slow dance, I watched as they pulled each other's bodies closer together. When they walked back, Steve had an enormous bulge, which did not escape my wife's eyes.

"It's time to leave." I said.

Steve followed us home and we walked into the house, Diana leading the way.

"What's your pleasure?" I asked Steve

"Scotch on the rocks."

"Ok", I said," Why don't you show him the house Diana?"

After mixing the drinks I put them on a tray and went into the bedroom.

Diana and Steve were standing at the foot of the bed and kissing each other.

I sat down on one of the chairs and picked up my drink. I sipped and watched as they kissed each other, grinding their pelvic regions into each other. I set my drink down, pulled off my shirt, and kicked off my shoes.

They had stepped back and Steve was unbuttoning his shirt while he was sliding her dress down her shoulders. She pulled his shirt off revealing a tan muscular chest. He pulled her dress down over her hips and my wife stepped out of it and her shoes. Her sexy little panties and thigh-high stockings looked fantastic and oh so sensual.

Steve wet his lips and smiled. "Nice." he said.

Diana reached down and unclasped his belt. She ran her hand up and down his bulge and for the first time, I heard her moan.

The zipper was loud in the room as she pulled it down. She tugged his pants down and pulled each leg off while removing his shoes at the same time.

I stood up and removed my pants and socks.

Diana bent down and pulled Steve's socks off, her face inches from his crotch.

Standing up, she turned around and I could see her erect nipples. Steve moaned and reached out with his hands. He brushed her already hard nipples with his palms and slid his fingers down each nipple, tweaking them.

Diana gasped and putting her hands on his waist pulled their bodies together.

I ran my hand up and down my crotch feeling my own hard cock through the cotton material of my shorts. I sipped my drink and watched as they drove their tongues deeper into each other's mouths.

They were running their hands up and down each other backs and again grinding their groins into each other.

My wife hooked her fingers into the waistband of Steve's shorts and slowly pulled his shorts down.

Steve did the same with her tiny lace panties and I wet my lips as he threw them to me and I put them to my mouth, inhaling the aroma of Diana's wet pussy.

It was her turn and she gasped aloud as his cock literally sprang into view when she pulled his shorts down.

Steve's cock was longer than my cock and thicker.

She moaned as she pulled his shorts down his legs, her unblinking eyes never leaving his prick.

As he picked up first one foot and than the other, stepping from his underwear, his cock swung the other way, slapping against a thigh.

Diana did not stand back up, but knelt in front of Steve. She reached up and clasped his cock in her right hand. He moaned as she slowly stoked it. She moved her left hand up and touched his balls with her fingertips. Diana moved forward and kissed the head of his cock. She stuck out her tongue and touched the tip of his dick. Steve's hips moved back and her hand slid up his cock. She pulled slightly, his hips reversed, and his cock touched her lips.

She stroked his cock a few times and played with his balls, the tip of his cock never leaving her lips. Diana opened her mouth and moved her head forward letting the head of his cock slide between her wet lips. He moaned as more of his cock went into her mouth. I watched her cheeks hollow and knew what he was feeling as she sucked on his cock.

Diana moved her hands up to his waist and pulled on it pushing more of his cock into her mouth.

So far, they had both been moving very slowly, but I knew that that would not last very long.

My beautiful wife swallowed more of his cock and slid her hands up his chest. She found his nipples and pinched them. Steve moaned and shoved his hips forward pushing more of his cock into her mouth and down her throat. She pulled her head back and I watched as his wet cock reappeared from between her lips.

She pinched his hard nipples again and sucked on the first couple of inches of his cock, her head moving back and forth. After about a minute of sucking his cock and pinching his nipples, she let his cock fall from her mouth. Diana stood up and kissed him, forcing her tongue between his lips.

She stepped away from Steve and looked at me.

"Is this turning you on?" she asked.

I nodded and said, "God yes. You?"

"Yesss!"

She moved to the head of the bed and pulled the blankets down. She crawled onto the bed and rolled over onto her back. She looked at Steve and said, "Fuck me. Now."

As she spread her legs, Steve crawled between them, his hard-on in one hand.

I moved to the edge of the bed for a better view.

Diana raised her hips and used her fingers to spread her wet cunt lips apart. He ran the head of his cock up and down her wet snatch several times. Diana moaned and pushed her hips higher. He found the entrance to her pussy and pushed forward. His cock slid in and she gasped.

I stood up, pulling my shorts off and watched as his cock disappeared into her pussy.

He started a slow fucking action, not letting his cock go all the way in. She moaned and fucked back, her head turned towards me, her eyes wide.

She wet her lips and said, "God he feels good. His long hard cock is wonderful."

Steve moaned and shoved his cock in. Diana shrieked as his cock bottomed out and she started to fuck it harder and faster. She moaned and I knew she was going to come and she did. She slammed her hips up and came almost violently.

Steve could no longer control himself and yelled, "Oh fuck! I'm coming!"

And he came. His cock was buried to the hilt in Diana's pussy and she groaned as his cum splashed into her pussy. She came again and gasped, sucking in air through her clenched teeth. They slowly fucked each other as they came down from their sexual peaks.

She reached up, pulled his head down, and kissed him. He kissed her back and raised his hips.

I watched as his slimy cum and juicy coated cock slid from her pussy. It was getting soft and looked like a wet pink snake.

Diana sighed as Steve moved his body off her. He lay down next to her on his back and closed his eyes.

She rolled over on her side looking at me.

"Lay down. I want you to suck my pussy." she said.

I lay down on the bed and she raised her legs, straddling my head. I looked up and her cunt hairs were matted with their juices.

I raised my head up and licked up and down her thighs coming closer and closer to her pussy. I could see flecks of white cum in her pubic hairs. I licked at her and sniffed, smelling the love juices. I ran my tongue up and down her slit and swallowed. I could taste her sweet pussy juices intermingled with his slightly bitter and salty cum. I shoved my tongue up into her pussy and she moaned.

Steve's hand had grabbed my cock and he had the head of my cock in his mouth.

I moaned. No man had ever touched my cock and I could not believe how great it felt as he continued to stroke my cock and suck on it.

Diana looked over her shoulder and smiled.

I could not move because she had me pinned to the bed.

He sucked more of my cock into his mouth and I moaned. I gasped as he swallowed more of my cock and all of a sudden, I did not care if it was a woman or a man. Shit he was beyond good!

When Diana realized that I was not going to stop him, she flipped her body around and lowered her pussy again over my face.

I looked down between her legs and watched as Steve swallowed the entire length of my cock.

I moaned and than started breathing more heavily. He was playing with my balls and giving me the blowjob of my life.

I stuck my tongue up and ran it up and down Diana's snatch. She moaned and lowered her hips sending my tongue deeper into her pussy.

"He is sucking all of your cock." Diana said.

I moaned as he started to steadily suck on my cock and play with my balls.

I shoved my tongue in and out of her pussy with renewed energy and she groaned.

I felt Steve's mouth stop on the way up my cock. He sucked on the head of my cock and ran his tongue around the ridge of my cock. I gasped at the feelings and moved my head back. I stuck my tongue out and rammed it into Diana's tight little sweet ass-hole.

She gasped and I tongue fucked her ass.

"God! Yes! Lick my ass!" she yelled.

All three of us moaned at the same time as the feelings started to overwhelm us.

I realized that my wife was finger-fucking herself and playing with her clit as I continued to tongue her ass and Steve sucked on my cock.

She moaned and gasped and I felt her body go rigid as she came once more. I moved my tongue down to her pussy and felt her fingers move with my tongue. I tongued her cunt sending her into another orgasm.

I moaned as I felt my own orgasm start to build. I knew it was going to be a good one and my body shuddered as Steve sucked my cock at a faster rate. I thrust up and moaned as the first wave of cum spewed from my cock deep into Steve's throat. I came again and again, almost passing out from the sensations.

Steve sucked my cock dry of my cum and I moaned at the sensations coming from my sensitive cock as it slowly softened in his mouth.

Diana moved her body from mine and I looked down at the blonde head that was sucking on my cock. I was not repulsed. I felt satisfied like never before.

He raised his head and I watched as my cock slid from between his lips and fell onto my belly.

He grinned and licked his lips.

"Surprise. I couldn't resist your beautiful hard cock." he said.

He lowered his head and ran his tongue up and down my cock. He lowered his head between my legs and licked my balls. Steve ran his tongue back up between my balls and licked the length of my cock. Finally he kissed the head of my prick and rolled over onto his back.

Diana lay down beside me and kissed me. She moved her hand down and ran her fingers up and down my cock and balls.

"Felt good, huh?" she asked.

I nodded and she kissed me again.

"You have no idea what a turn-on it was, watching him suck your cock."

"Darling. You've got to pay him back. Suck his cock"

"Look at him. He's hard again!"

"You've got to suck him. It's only fair."

I moaned at the thought. We had talked about it before. I lay there and wondered what it would be like sucking a cock.

She kissed me and I felt her tongue slide between my lips as if it was a small cock.

"Please. I promise."

"I'll even help."

I nodded and she moved away.

"Move over Steve." she told him.

She climbed over him as he moved to the center of the bed.

I looked down and his cock was hard, the head almost touching his navel.

"What am I doing and can I actually do it." I thought to myself.

Diana rotated her body so that her head was by Steve's waist and her hips by his head.

"Come here Sweetheart." Diana said.

As I twisted my body around, she rolled onto her side and rested her head on her hand. She raised her leg and ran her other hand between her legs, stroking her pussy.

Steve moaned as he realized what was about, maybe, to happen. He turned his head and sucked on her fingers. I lay down next to Steve and my skin tingled where our bodies touched. I looked down at his cock. It was long and hard and his balls were hanging down between his legs.

"Beautiful. Isn't it." she said.

I nodded. And it was. Long and hard with a gentle curve. Pink with a defined head.

"Touch it." she told me.

I reached out and touched the head of his cock. I jumped as his cock twitched at my touch.

"Its okay. Run your fingers up and down his prick." she said.

I ran my fingers down the length of his cock. It was hard and the skin was smooth. I could feel the veins in his prick as I ran my fingertips up and down his hard length.

"Feel his balls." Diana said.

I moved my fingers down and touched his scrotum. I pushed and felt a testicle slide to one side. I pushed on the other testicle and felt it move inside his hairy sack.

I heard my wife moan and looked over. She had moved so that Steve could tongue her pussy and she could still watch me.

"Kiss and suck on his balls." she gasped.

I lowered my head and kissed the skin holding his large balls. I ran my tongue up and down, around his balls, soaking them with my saliva. I moved my body closer so I could do a better job.

All of a sudden, I wanted to really suck on his balls. To feel them rolling around in my mouth.

I lowered my head and ran the tip of my tongue up and down in that area between a man's anus and his balls. He moaned as I continued to tongue him in that sensitive area.

I moved my tongue up between his balls, feeling his pubic hairs tickling my nose. I opened my mouth and sucked his right testicle into my mouth. I rolled it around enjoying the spongy feeling of his testicle against my tongue and the roof of my mouth.

I let it slip out and did the same to the left testicle. I took a deep breath and opened wider. I used my fingers to push both balls into my mouth. I sucked and ran my tongue from side to side under his testicles.

He moaned and his hips moved slightly pulling the skin of his sac tight.

I lowered my head and let the balls slip from my mouth, and kissed them, first the right one and than the left one.

Diana moaned. I looked over and she was playing with her nipples while Steve sucked on her pussy.

She raised her head up and looked at me.

"Kiss his cock." she said.

I looked down at his hard cock, studying it. It was pink and had large veins twisting up and around it.

I took a breath and lowered my head. I kissed the middle of his cock. It was warm and hard.

I sniffed and could smell pussy and cum at the same time.

I slowly kissed the hard length going towards the bottom first.

As I was kissing it going back up towards the head, Diana said, "Lick it."

I rose up slightly and stuck my tongue out. I ran my tongue up and down his cock, feeling the small and large veins as little bumps. I ran my tongue down to the base and than back towards the head.

I raised my head up and looked at Diana. Her eyes were bright and she had a small smile.

She wet her lips and said, "Pick it up."

I looked back down and could see the wet trails of my saliva on his cock.

I lowered my hand and picked up his cock between my fingers and thumb. I slid my fingers around his cock and squeezed. Steve moaned and I felt his cock throb in my hand. I ran my hand up and down his cock, stopping when I felt the skin go tight. I stroked his cock, loving the feeling of it in my hand.

I gasped as he touched my cock. I realized that my cock was hard and felt a thrill at the sensation of stroking his prick while he stroked mine.

I continued to stroke his cock while Steve stroked mine.

My eyes flew open when I felt Diana's head touch mine.

"What's it like?" she asked.

"I can't tell you. It's weird touching another man's cock while he is touching mine."

"Suck it." she said.

"Take the head of his cock into your mouth."

I stopped stroking and lowered my head. I opened my mouth and stuck my tongue out.

Another thrill went through me as I touched the tip of his dick with my tongue and any resistance I had to sucking a cock disappeared. I kissed the head of his cock and ran my tongue around it.

I moaned as our bodies shifted and I felt his mouth suck on the head of my cock.

I raised my head and looked at my wife. Diana was kneeling on the bed, her legs spread apart. Both of her hands were playing with her cunt. I watched for a few seconds as she ran her fingers up and down her snatch.

"Come on darling. Suck his cock. I want to watch you suck Steve's big cock."

I turned back, lowered my head, opened my mouth, and felt the head of Steve's cock slide between my lips into my mouth.

"That's it. Suck it! Take as much as you can!" she ordered.

I moaned at the sensations of the silky smooth skin on his cock-head on my lips. I lowered my hand down his hard shaft and lowered my head. More of his cock slid into my mouth. I raised my head, pursed my lips and felt the shaft slide between my lips.

I groaned as more of his cock entered my mouth. I closed my lips tightly around his prick and sucked as hard as I could and his body twitched. I relaxed and lowered my head and felt the tip of his cock touch my throat.

We started to suck each other's cocks, allowing the hard shafts to go deeper and deeper. I gagged a couple of times, but kept sucking on his cock.

And than it happened! My throat just seemed to open up and relax. His cock went deeper and deeper. I lowered my head and felt his cock go all of the way down. My nose touched his balls and I stopped. I squeezed with my throat muscles and raised my head. I took a deep breath and lowered my head. His cock slid past my lips and down my throat. I deep throated his cock and stayed still until I needed air.

I rose up, took a breath, and sucked on his cock.

I heard a gasp and Diana yelled. "I'm coming!"

I continued to suck on Steve's cock all the while feeling the magic of his mouth and throat on my cock. We started to suck each other at a faster rate.

Steve's hips moved and I felt his cock get harder. He groaned and shoved his cock deep into my mouth. He exploded and I swallowed without thinking. It was more defensive than anything else. He shot again and I moved my head back. I wanted to taste his hot cum. He did not disappoint me. He shot another wad of hot cum from his prick into my mouth. I tasted it and swallowed. It was salty and slightly bitter. That was his cum that I had licked from my wife! He pulsed again and I swallowed. He shot three more times, each shot being less than the one before it. I swallowed every drop and sucked on his cock getting every bit of cum I could. I felt his cock start to soften in my mouth and yet I still sucked on it.
