 It's been a tough year. Work's been crazy, our elder relatives have been demanding a lot of attention, we've both had that feeling that our lives have been spiraling out of control. My name is Mike. I'm a fifty-eight year old curator at a major museum. My wife Diane is fifty-six and has her own successful business. We both travel a lot. What was once a thriving, mildly adventurous, sex life settled into a quick wham bam after the birth of our son, then, as our waistlines grew and our careers took off our sexual relationship dwindled to nothing. Diane has been convinced that she's "let herself go," an opinion I don't share at all. I think she's a stunning big beautiful woman. But for a long time, my opinion didn't seem to count. Her interest in sex completely disappeared about three years ago leaving me to my own devices.

The last three years have been really difficult for me. I love sex and I'm almost always horny. I masturbate often, look at porn, and even chat with others sometimes on those internet sites. But three years is a really long time to go without having sex with a living, breathing human being. I hit a real low point while out of town on business this summer and had a short affair with a twenty-three year old waitress. At first I was on cloud nine, but after I returned home the guilt and self-loathing morphed into a major depression. Eventually, I confessed to Diane who was hurt, but also tender and understanding. She blamed herself as much as me for my straying eye and promised to try to rebuild our sex life to help our marriage. It was truly an amazing evening because we both had to come to grips that even though our marriage is great on so many levels, the sex thing is important-for both of us. Diane vowed to try to be more open-minded. I promised to keep my pants zipped. And we both agreed to be honest to each other about our needs and feelings. I told her that I understood that she'd need some space and would give her some room to work through her hurt feelings. She said she'd let me know when she was ready.

A few months after the big confession, Diane snuggled up to me one evening and suggested we try to make love. Since we agreed to be honest and open about things I told her that I wanted her desperately, but that I didn't want to just jump into bed take off her panties and thrust till I finished. That was the pattern we'd gotten into as our sex life began to wane and I didn't want to just go back to what didn't work. I also told her that I wanted us to be fully nude so that I could play with her magnificent tits and have full access to her voluptuous body. I'm 6' with a good bit of extra padding. Diane is 5'4", quite heavy, but she has a lovely face, beautiful brown hair, a gorgeous olive complexion, penetrating dark brown eyes, and 44DDD's. Sure they sag like everything else on her body, but I find that extremely attractive. Diane took a deep breath when I told her that. She told me that she really wanted to try, but that undressing made her so uncomfortable. Then she shocked me by asking if we could watch some porn first, reasoning that if she got turned on, she'd be more willing relax.

What a splendid idea! I remember years ago when the cable company screwed up our service and accidentally gave us access to the adult channels for a few months. Diane got so hot watching the films that we had a real sex life until the provider fixed the glitch and switched off the fun channels. After that she rebuffed any suggestions that we rent a video or buy some magazines, so we then fell back into our old, failing routines. 

Eager to see if a little porn could reignite our passion, I turned on our smart tv and browsed the internet. While surfing around I spotted an intriguing threesome vid involving two mature bbw's and a guy that looked a little like me. I clicked the arrow and we settled in to watch. The video was pretty good. Even though the women were older and on the average side in looks, they sucked cock with great gusto and squealed with delight when he shoved his big dick into their openings. About midway through the movie the guy took one of the gals doggy style while she started to eat the other's meaty pussy. That's when Diane grabbed my cock which I had already taken out and started stroking and kissed me. She let me undress her and gave me unfettered access to her tatas. As I was kissing and licking her lovely big brown aureole and nibbling on her nips, she moaned, "oh fuck me now, do me from behind just like he's fucking her." 

Since she rarely curses, I found her wanton words extremely arousing. I obediently assumed the doggy position. It was not my favorite simply because the combination of her size and my rather average length cock made access to her pussy from behind a bit difficult, I can't really get my dick inside her all the way. But I was determined to make this work and was soon pumping in an out of her and marveling at how wet she was and how she seemed to relish fucking me. I reached around and found her clit with my fingers and brought her to her first orgasm in almost a decade. When her spasms subsided, I emptied my load into my dear wife. Why hadn't I pushed harder for the porn years ago?

We snuggled the rest of the night and woke up the next morning feeling better than either of us had in a long time. After that wonderful night, we started making love at least once every two weeks or so, always fluffing ourselves up with a nice video. I noticed that she really got off on the MFF threesomes, so I often picked out ones from that genre. I love threesome films, but to be honest I like MMF's better. There's nothing that turns me on more than a woman who's willing and eager to accept multiple cocks. To be brutally honest, I'd have to admit that I actually like looking at the cocks myself, in fact, I'm very curious about what it's like to give a blowjob. But I digress.

One Saturday night we found a nice mff video with a woman who looked a lot like our good friend Lorena. We'd met Lorena years ago when our sons were both on the same team in high school. From eighth grade until graduation we spent nearly every weekend of the season with her and a group of other team parents. Our team was good and our boys were quite competitive, both being elected captains in their senior year. Diane and Lorena were very close with three of the other team moms and now, even though our boys have graduated and have gone their separate ways after college, the moms are still good friends, they even vacation together as a group twice a year.

The vid was pretty hot, the guy was butt ugly, but the two women were absolutely hungry for cock and pussy. When the brunette went down on the one that looks like Lorena, Diane practically screamed "EAT MY PUSSY"! 

Finally! I absolutely love oral sex, but Diane never really liked it and gently swept aside my previous attempts after we began sleeping together again. Not willing to wait for a second invitation, I quickly kissed my way down to her honeypot. As I mouthed her quim she squirmed appreciatively, often saying things like "lick my clit" and "faster, faster." As in the time before, her vocalization really drove me wild. After she climaxed, she pushed me down on the bed and sucked me to completion, something she hadn't done since she was pregnant. Unlike those times early in our marriage, she swallowed every drop. When she finished she was flushed and breathing heavy. She gave me a beautiful smile and asked "how'd ya like that?" I let my shit eating grin answer that question.

I was truly curious as to what it was in these videos that caused the wonderful transformation in my wife. After chewing on the question a bit, I realized that she got super turned on every time one of the women in the videos went down on the other. Thinking back to our little gift from the cable company, I remembered that she really got hot every time there was a lesbian scene as well. Could Diane be bi curious? I decided to test the waters next time we played.

The following week was crazy for both of us and we decided to order in on Friday night, not having enough energy to go out, much less socialize. Diane pulled in the driveway just a minute or so after did. She gave me a weary peck and said "thank God this week is over." I agreed as we walked through the door. I opened a nice pinot noir and we ordered a pizza from the joint down the street. Neither of us was particularly hungry, so after eating our first piece we decided to stick the pie in the fridge. Diane suggested we take the wine upstairs and hit the sack. 

When I crawled into bed, she surprised me and said, "you know I'm perking up a bit, I guess that pizza hit the spot." 

"Do you want to go out?" I asked. 

"No, no, I'm still tired, just not sleepy. Why don't you put on a video?" she asked with a wink.

I surfed through some titles and settled on a lesbian flick. Why not test out my theory? This one focused on a hot milf with a younger woman. They were both gorgeous, but the sex was kinda clinical. Especially since both had shaved pussies-I prefer a forest. Also the milf's fake tits were a bit too plastic for my tastes. We cuddled a bit while we watched giggling here and there over the odd, contorted positions the two porn stars managed to get into. No green light for sex though. I guessed that Diane was still too tired. No biggie. The movie didn't really do much for me. Like I said earlier, I like to see a nice hard cock. 

Just as I was about to flip the tv back to cable, Diane said, "hey let's watch that one we saw last Saturday night, it was hot." I found it in the search history and hit play. Diane snuggled close and started petting my crotch. At the exact same moment when the brunette went down on the Lorena look alike, Diane pulled my shorts down and gave me a blowjob. She also frigged herself off while she sucked me, something she'd never done as long as we'd been together. I started to think that what she really wanted was to fuck Lorena. Oh my how my imagination went wild!

Lorena is a little firecracker. She's a natural strawberry blonde, but lately has been dying her short graying hair blonde. Her face, like most of her body, is full of cute freckles. Like us she's a bit overweight, somewhere between my extra padding and Diane's full roundness. Much of her weight is in her gut and ass. She flaunts it actually with tight dresses and tops that hug her belly, show of her ass, and make her tits look like a pair of cantaloupes. It's hot. From the first time we met her I really liked her. She has a naughty sense of humor, always playing with innuendos, puns, and double entendres. She's a talented, well-educated artist, and a voracious reader. Most of our swim team friends had rather provincial tastes and suburbanite worldviews. Lorena's city folk, like Diane and me, and really loves the arts and humanities, good restaurants, night clubs, galleries. She's also a shameless flirt. She's been handsy with me since the first time we met. Diane and I both found the flirtations to be nothing more than part of her devilish personality at first, but as we grew closer to Lorena, we realized that some of her efforts stemmed from the loveless, sexless, and bitter marriage she had with her husband David.

On the surface, Lorena and Davy, yes he goes by "Davy," made the perfect couple. Both were fun and had good, outgoing personalities. They earned a nice living, had a comfortable home, and their kids were polite, decent students. Their son Jay excelled on the team, and, Gabby their daughter, showed real promise as a dancer. But their personal lives were troubled. Davy always complained that Lorena was crazy and needed anger management. Lorena accused David of being controlling, especially with their mingled finances, and of having no interest in her whatsoever. Despite all that, though they put on a good facade, even hosting a festive holiday party every year. 

Over the last few years, Lorena had stepped up her flirtations with me. Little comments like "I wish you guys would go the Peterson's barbeque next week Mike so I can have someone to make out with." She's also gotten really touchy feely. When we arrived at their house for last season's holiday party, she grabbed my ass pretty hard, a real acceleration of the little pat on the behind she usually gave me. That was during the three-year sex drought and I been entertaining the idea of a dalliance with Lorena, so on our way out I grabbed her butt and let three of my fingers tickle their way into her ass crack. She gave me a priceless smile in return. But that was that. I never followed up and the summer led to my disastrous affair, the big confession, and the reigniting of our sex life, so fiddling with Lorena had been out of my mind for quite some time.

Now, however, the possibility of coercing Diane into our first ever threesome with our naughty friend had me up at night. I'd like to say that I played Svengali and came up with a master plan to lure Lorena into our bed, but in reality, it all just sort of worked out. Like Davy and Lorena, Diane and I host a big party every spring. It's quite the logistical nightmare, so we spend several months and thousands of bucks planning. Despite all of our best laid schemes, the day before the party is always a frantic one with Diane and I running last minute errands, cooking, and making sure the house and yard are spotless. Normally we order shitty take out or drag ourselves to a local cafe for dinner. This year, though, I bought some beautiful steaks, much more than the two of us could eat, and planned an easy dinner of grilled meat, baked potatoes, and Caesar salad, a real classic. 

After finishing my errands, I took a shower, lit the grill, and was just getting ready to cook when Diane's cell went off. It was Lorena. She was in our neighborhood and had picked up a nice bottle of wine and some cheese for us knowing we'd probably be ready for a drink and some relaxation. Diane told her to drop by and I insisted she stay for dinner. As if on cue, Lorena's wine and cheese conversation revolved around her dissatisfaction with Davy. She told us she'd been planning a divorce for a long time and that her lawyer would to serve him papers at the end of Gabby's last semester of college this year. She referred to him not as "Davy" or "David" but as "Asshole" and "Shithead" the whole time. She also mentioned that she knew he was having an affair. 

When dinner was ready we turned to lighter conversation. She loves my cooking and we talked about new restaurants opening in town and some cool places we'd all tried on various trips to New York, Chicago, and Seattle. We joked about our friends and gossiped a bit. Several times during dinner she flirted with me, pressing her leg next to mine, letting it linger there a little too long, and increasing the pressure on my thigh to be sure I knew she was there. I got a semi thinking that not only did I want to play with her, but also that Diane, at least I was pretty sure, was ready for her first taste of another woman.

After dinner, we retired to the couch and announced to Lorena that she'd had too much to drink, so we wanted her keys, and that she'd be sleeping in the guestroom. She readily agreed and we decided then that since no one was driving, we should drink more. I grabbed three snifters and a bottle of excellent brandy. For good measure, I pulled out my stash and we imbibed of the herb as well. Needless to say, we were all in a jovial mood. Lorena told a few of her standard bawdy jokes, and clearly made eyes at me a few times.

Diane and I are baby boomers, kids that grew up in the era of television, so in our house the tv's always on, even when friends are over. When we're not watching a specific show, we simply turn the volume to mute. So it was that the three of us were sitting on our couch in the den, the tv was on the cable movie station we'd been watching earlier, and it was getting into late night programming time. We weren't really paying attention until Lorena started cracking up uncontrollably and pointed to the tv and said "look at that woman's boobs!" 

Apparently some late night softcore romp was on full of busty babes running around a beach resort. The woman on the screen looked like Dolly Parton WITH breast enhancement surgery. It was downright unnatural and quite comical. We all started laughing and turned the volume up so we could watch and mock. The scene soon shifted to a bedroom where a stud and a woman were heating things up. He spent a lot of time licking her nipples, then moved down to simulate cunnilingus before the scene changed into a long missionary fuck fest. It looked really fake, but the actor and actress were both pretty hot. We cheered them on as we chatted about a bunch of other things. Soon, however, the girls got rather quiet. The next scene was a threesome with a young stud and two cougars, one a blonde, one a brunette. Both women were hot as was the six-packed stud. I could see Diane flushing and I knew she was really turned on. Lorena was sitting between us and her excitement was palpable as well. I decided to act. 

Diane had her arm stretched out on the top of the sofa, just above Lorena's shoulders. I reached out and placed mine over hers allowing gravity to let our arms descend so we had them both draped over Lorena's shoulder. I looked over to Diane then back to my hand as I started gently stroking Lorena's shoulder with my fingers. When I glanced back over at Diane's hand I noticed that she had followed my lead.

We stayed in that mode for several minutes. When I heard a soft moan escape Lorena's lips, coinciding with some passionate licking on the screen, I let my fingers roam to the back of her neck and began gently fingering the little hairs I found there. As I touched that intimate spot, Lorena sighed softly and whispered "that feels so good." I made eye contact with Diane who seemed to be telling me "go for it," with her eyes, so I did. I moved my hand up to stroke the opposite side of Lorena's face, turned her towards me and kissed her softly on the lips. Breaking the kiss I smiled into her eyes and kissed her again, this time with my mouth open, my tongue parting her lips. Tasting her like that was one of the sexiest experiences of my life. We kissed for a good while. Occasionally, I'd look over at Diane only to see her transfixed, watching us, with one hand in her own lap, rubbing her pussy softly through her slacks.

Realizing Diane was not only ok with what was happening but seemed to want this to happen as much as I did, I cradled Lorena's face and turned it toward my wife who instantly took Lorena in her arms and began kissing her mouth. Lorena kissed back. I moved my lips up and down Lorena's neck, occasionally kissing her mouth and sharing her tongue with my wife. Her breathing increased until her breasts were practically heaving. I softly cradled the one closest to me in my hands and brought my mouth downward to kiss it through the silky fabric of her dress. Paying close attention to this for a few minutes had my cock straining against my zipper, just begging to be let out. I looked up to see that Diane had unbuttoned her blouse and opened it for her dear friend who was kissing and licking the top of her massive globes over her bra. "Let's go upstairs" I said.

I took the women by the hand and led them to the stairs. Lorena said, "I can't believe we're actually doing this!" 

She sounded so excited. My wife then stunned me by saying "I've wanted this for so long."

In our bedroom, the three of us faced each other and began kissing. Sometimes one was left out, sometimes all three of our hot, wet tongues danced together. After a few minutes I whispered to Diane, "Let's undress Lorena." 

Diane pulled the zipper down the back of our hot friend's dress as I pushed the straps off the shoulder and lowered her dress to the floor helping her out of her sandals as I slipped the dress completely off. Lorena was wearing a lacy black bra with matching panties. My wife undid the clasp at the back as I kissed my way back up Lorena's body till I reached the cups that were just hanging ever so loosely off of her tits. I pulled the bra off and as soon as I did Diane reached around and took both breasts in her hands. Looking up at Lorena's face, I could see that she had turned her head and that she and Diane were locked in a passionate kiss. I kissed my way down to her panties and began licking and kissing her through the lacy fabric. The room soon became overwhelmed with the smell of pussy. I slipped my fingers into both sides of the waistband and pulled them down with one quick thrust. Soon my face was buried in our friend's hairy mound. 
