 Let me be clear from the beginning. I love men, and especially my current husband. But, I confess I also love women.

When I was a bit younger, I thought it would be easy to have both men and women in my life. Well, I found out it was a bit more complicated. I also discovered it was worth the effort. And, the final lesson...everything comes with a price tag. You can get what you want, but sometimes you end up with more than you bargained for. But, let me start by describing life a few years ago.

I married Johnny when I was barely 20. I was still in college and Johnny had just graduated. He was working at his first job, a sales position that required him to travel. We had our apartment and were crazy in love—at least it felt that way.

Johnny was gone a lot; I was young and horny, got lonely and figured that picking up with Jane would not really be cheating since Jane was not a man. She was totally like not a man.

Jane and I first hooked up freshman year. We each had roommates who were screwing their way through most of the men on campus. Therefore, on any given Saturday night we would likely be together in one of our rooms while one roommate screwed her latest in the other room and the other roommate stayed over at her boyfriend's.

Neither of us had boyfriends, and, cliché that it is, one thing led to another and we were soon helping each other to reach orgasm nirvana. First girl for me, second for Jane. I liked being with a girl. So different from a man, yet intensely erotic and satisfying. 

Even when we more or less found boyfriends, we kept up our lovemaking. I never told Johnny about it when he and I started dating and never raised the subject after we were married.

So, one day Johnny is out of town and Maureen—yours truly—horny girl, wants to make love to other horny girl.

Worked out great! Jane was a fantastic lover, super tongue and magic fingers. Smooth sailing until Johnny's trip to San Francisco was called off as he was about to board a plane. 

Walking in to see our respective heads buried in each other's pussies was a bit of a surprise. Oops. Busted seems Johnny was not quite the liberated fellow he thought he was. 

Johnny packed his bag; I moved back to campus and graduated a newly single woman.

Fast forward to me working in an ad agency and dating a banker from one of our clients. Pete was a great guy. Handsome, good job, liked to enjoy the cultural scene around Boston, and a fairly good lay.

Have to admit he was a bit on the tight-assed side. Fucking was fun, but straight forward. Not much on munching, but he did—good ol' boy that he was—like a nice blow job every now and then. Well, actually he liked them a lot and often, sometimes to the point of forgetting that I had some needs and areas that required close interaction.

Pete always wanted to try the back door, but anal was not my thing. Made me wonder why someone so uptight would want to hang around the back alley.

Anyway, Susie and I were cubicle mates at the agency. I picked up a strong gay/bi vibe and confirmed it one night while working late on an account. Susie and I were the only ones left in the office. We were both beat and silly from being up for over 30 hours. 

We were on our bazillionth cup of coffee and were playing what was the weirdest or kinkiest thing you ever did and stuff like that.

Susie says to me the kinkiest thing she hasn't done but desperately wants to do is eat my pussy on the conference table. I laughed and asked what was my pussy doing on the conference table. I soon found out. With my jeans and panties slung over the back of a chair, and Susie's tongue seeming to reach up my snatch to my tonsils, I reentered a sweet bi-world.

All was going swimmingly until I felt I ought to come clean with Pete; not wanting to play out the same mistake I made with Johnny. He took it in stride and said he wanted to watch. I tried to dissuade him, but he insisted and said it would only be one time. 

I asked Susie and she was not keen on the idea, but she was very keen on eating my pussy and, if I may say so with some humility, she definitely did not want to give up me eating her pussy. So, to keep peace, she agreed to a one time session with Pete in the room. 

So Peter, minus pants and boxers and fondling his boner, is watching two naked babes going at it. I am on my back, legs stretched wide while Susie is again using her tongue in a most obscene fashion, bent over me with her ass in the air. We are groaning, moaning and grunting for all it's worth.

Peter doesn't say a word, just pushes up off his chair and parks his pecker at the puckered opening of sweet Susie's ass.

Bad move. Susie is not bi, she is 100% American lesbo. She is similar to me in that she is most definitely not into ass play.

Let's just keep the gory details out, except to say that thank god for microsurgery and that testicles do stop hurting after a long rest, although walking bow-legged is not easy for a guy.

So, Pete moved on. And sorry to say, my pussy was even sorrier since Susie moved on too. She found a lovely biker babe that had more tattoos than an all-star rerun of Miami Ink. They rode off into the sunset on her babe's Harley. I imagine Susie comforts her lover's sore pussy every night.

So, it was back to my reliable standby, the Purple Pussy Pleaser, also known as my vibe. An informal survey I had been keeping since college informed me that most of the women I know keep a vibrator around for obvious reasons. Note to self: look into buying stock in Eveready batteries.

Then I met Teddy. Well, actually first, I met Erin. Life does get complicated.

Teddy is everything I want in a man. It's trite but true. He is tall, dark and handsome. Also, he is smart and can make me laugh a lot. He has a great bod, is hung like a horse and knows how to use it. He is an energetic, giving and skilled lover.

So, what's the problem? Actually, there is none. I was totally happy, well, Ok, not totally. I still enjoyed a trip around the world with a gal pal.

But, I was learning my lessons. Before Teddy and I moved in together, I sort of hinted that I really enjoyed having a good girlfriend. 

Teddy looked at me and just smiled. 

"Good friends like going out to dinner, have a little wine and talk about fascinating girl stuff?" he asked. "Or, good friends like skipping dinner, having wine and fooling around with each other?"

"Mostly the later," I answered meekly.

"Well, does "mostly" mean you girl-fuck each other?"

I never really heard the term "girl-fuck", I just call it fucking, but I got what he was asking. 

"Uh, I guess we do," I replied. "Well, not really guess, we do."

"Would guys be involved?"

"Nope, just pussies, no dicks."

Pete thought for a minute. "Ok, I can deal with it," he said.

"And," I added, "I don't think you could be, well, like, involved."

"I wasn't asking," he said.

Cool, I thought.

So, you now know that Teddy is aware of my need to keep my bi- side in gear. Now, I should tell you how Erin and I got together.

Erin and I had been friends since we met at the coffee shop in our office building. She worked three floors below me for a law firm. We hit it off immediately and became BFF. After Pete and before Teddy, Erin and I shared an apartment. We also shared our deepest secrets, double dated, dated the same guys at different times (not Teddy), exchanged clothes and did almost everything together.

Before I met Teddy, the universe shifted for Erin and me. On a couple drunken occasions, late at night in our apartment, we made out and played with each other's tits. In the morning we laughed it off.

The big change came when we finally crossed the imaginary line we had been skirting.

One Saturday, we were sitting around the apartment bemoaning our recent stretch of dateless weekends. 

"Shit, this is not the way it's supposed to be," griped Erin. "Two hot babes sitting around on a Saturday night watching a chick flic and eating lousy popcorn."

"You don't like my popcorn," I whined.

"It's Ok, but it does nothing for my aching clit," retorted Erin.

"Is that a statement or a come on," I asked, with just a hint of humor.

Erin stopped in mid chew and looked at me.

"Are you fucking serious, Mo?" she said. "You want to, you know, mess around big time."

I laughed. "Mess around? Hmm, I think I would put it as fuck your brilliant brains out."

Erin put down the popcorn bowl, wiped her hands on her shorts, looked at me and said, "So, eat me."

I did and we started a fantastic run of what we came to call "our sad Saturdays". We always knew how we could cure the sadness and "cheer" each other up.

Although, we each dated men, we never minded when both of us ended up together on a Saturday. Funny as it seems, we rarely screwed each other on any other day. But, we could spend all Saturday day and evening just pleasuring each other.

We each tried other women once and found we preferred each other. 

Erin is objectively gorgeous. She is two inches taller than I am which makes her 6'. She has long blond hair, great legs, a tight ass, terrific breasts, and the sweetest trimmed blond pussy I ever met. Her face is long with high cheekbones, arched eyebrows and a pouty mouth. She has clear blue eyes.

After a couple years of sharing the apartment and each other's pussies, I met Teddy. I surprised myself by falling madly in love with him and to my even greater surprise accepting his proposal.

Erin was happy for me. One night after I was engaged, Teddy was at a Red Sox game with his buddies. Erin came home to find me reading yet another bride's magazine.

"Hey, Mo," she asked. "Do you think we'll ever fuck again, or are those days over?"

I set the mag aside, opened my robe to reveal my nude body, spread my legs and said, "I think we just might find the time to do it."

From then on, we switched from "sad Saturdays" to "wild Wednesdays", since Teddy had a standing commitment on Wednesday evenings.

About a month before the wedding, Teddy and I were taking a swan boat ride in the Public Garden. We did a bunch of stupid touristy stuff that summer. As we glided around, I snuggled him and said I needed to tell him something. He kissed my hair and said sure. 

I took a deep breath and told him Erin and I were still lovers and usually got together once a week on Wednesdays. 

"I love you so much and can't wait to marry, but I want you to know."

He held my hand. He was quiet for a while and then said softly in my ear.

"It's Ok with me. Erin is a great person and I can see why you would be attracted to her. If it's important for you, then I can live with it. I just don't ever want to be played for a fool."

I knew I would love this man forever. Deep inside I also knew I would continue to be attracted to women.

Anyway, Teddy was cool and never made any lewd remarks to Erin, never asked to watch or join in. Teddy and I still made loud love in our apartment, even if Erin was in her room. She was cool with us, and he was cool with Erin and me. He was a real gentleman around Erin. He never walked around naked in front of her, never tried to get her into a threesome, never did anything that Erin or I considered pervy. 

Every once in a while he'd ask if I was happy, and I always said yes. I believe he might have thought that my bi-escapades were more fantasy than hardcore reality.

All that disappeared on our wedding day.

Teddy and I married at his parents' country club. After the ceremony, I went upstairs to a little suite of rooms the club makes available for brides. I wanted to freshen my make-up and hair, relax a bit and get ready for the reception. As my maid of honor, Erin came with me.

She touched up my make-up and fixed my hair.

Her face was inches from mine and I could smell her natural scents mixed with the delicate perfume she always wore.

"Erin, you are so beautiful," I murmured as I ran my hand on her cheek. "If you didn't just spend fifteen minutes redoing my make-up, I'd want you to kiss me a hundred times."

She gave me an impish smile and said, "I didn't put make-up on your pussy, darling."

I was still tense and uptight about the wedding and the impending reception. Deep inside I knew I could use a sexual release to calm me down.

Being my second marriage, I did not go in for the big wedding dress. I wore white, but it was a tasteful dress that reached below my knees.

"Seriously," I asked? "Right now?"

Erin nodded and had me stand, with my back side resting on the vanity. She lifted my white skirt, exposing the white nylons held up by a garter belt. Falling to her knees, she slid her fingers under my silk panties and slid them down and off me completely. 

My dark pussy was already wet. Erin ran her fingers up and down my slit, slightly spreading my lips. She pushed aside the hood of my clit and gently rubbed it with a finger. Leaning in she began caressing my thighs with soft kisses and then let her tongue explore my lips and clit. My eyes closed as I was swaying with weakness as her finger entered me and her tongue and lips tortured my clit. I knew I could not last much longer.

I was about to give into the building climax when I heard a noise. I opened my eyes to see Teddy standing in the doorway watching us. 

When will I ever learn to lock the fucking door?

He entered and closed the door behind him. I started to push Erin's head away.

He said, "Don't stop; finish it."

Erin jerked at the sound of his voice. He smiled at her.

"Go on, Erin, please bring Mo to her climax. I've spent many hours wondering what you two looked like together."

Erin looked up at me searching for an answer. I was torn, but my throbbing pussy overruled everything.

I nodded and guided her head back to my crotch. Erin took up the task with abandon. In a few minutes I was gasping and whimpering as two huge waves crashed over me.

Erin sank back on her heels, her chest heaving.

She picked up my panties, but Teddy stopped her.

He took them from her hand, dried my essence from her lips and chin and then wiped my pussy dry with them. He folded the panties and placed them in his pants pocket. He extended his hand and helped Erin stand.

He pulled her to him and kissed her lips and chin, cleaning the remaining juices from her.

"Ladies, that was unbelievable," he said. "But, you owe me."

"Oh, Teddy, I'm so sorry," I began.

He put his finger to my lips and smiled. "Nothing to be sorry for. You married me and you love me, right."

I eagerly nodded.

"You told me you and Erin were lovers. I admit I did not think she would consummate our marriage before I did, but I know you love me. But, you owe me. Will you both repay me?"

I looked at Erin and we both nodded.

"Good," said Teddy. He turned and looked at Erin. "Lift your dress."

My mind began racing. Was he going to fuck her out of revenge, right in front of me, on our wedding day?

Erin hesitated and Teddy said, "Lift your skirt, Erin. It's Ok."

Slowly she raised her persimmon skirt to mid-thigh. The bride's maids wore cocktail dresses that fell just above the knee.

Her black stockings came into view.

"Higher," said Teddy. "Bring it up to your waist."

Erin inched the material up revealing the tops of the stockings, also held up with a garter belt. Finally, her pink panties were in full view. There was a visible dark spot in the middle of the lacy garment.

Teddy knelt in front of her. He traced her mound with his finger and Erin squirmed. He let his finger move between her lips, creating a camel toe in the panties. He put his nose to her crotch and breathed in her scent. I knew what that must smell like and my own pussy began to drip again.

He put his fingers in the waistband and peeled off the damp undies. He slowly moved them down her thigh and lifted each foot to free them from her. He reached out one finger and slowly slid it into her damp blond pussy. He moved it back and forth, twisted so his finger could hit her G spot and rubbed harder. Erin's knees buckled and she moaned.

Teddy licked her clit that was bursting from its hood. Erin pushed her pussy hard into his face. As she began to thrust, moving quickly to her climax, Teddy removed his finger and licked it clean. He picked up her panties and rubbed them across her damp pussy, smelled them, and put them in another pocket of his pants.

He took Erin's hands in his, letting her skirt fall back in place. He kissed her gently on the lips and hugged her softly.

"Now, ladies, I think we should go greet our guests."

"But, I am like right on the edge," cried Erin. "Could one of you finish me off?"

Teddy smiled and kissed her cheek. 

"Let's just say this is part of the payback," he said. "Please do not touch yourself until I give you permission."

Glazed-eyed, Erin nodded slowly. I knew how she got when she was on the verge of an orgasm. She became all twitchy and usually couldn't form a coherent thought.

Teddy offered his arms and we each slipped a hand through his and made our way to the reception hall. I could not believe how wet I was realizing that each of us would be completely bare under our dresses for the entire reception.

We did the greeting line, sat while his brother and Erin offered toasts. Hers was strange to the max and sounded like a stream of conscious gibberish. I tried to enjoy my dinner while my nerves were on end with sexual tension.

The wedding coordinator approached us after the main course and said it was time for the first dance. We stood and Teddy asked Erin to stand and fix my dress. She was fussing with the tiny bow in back and Teddy brushed up against her.

Loud enough for only her and me to hear, he said, "Feel that, Erin? I am going to be dancing with your lover with a rock hard cock. Then, later I am going to dance with you and it will be equally hard, pushing against your naked pussy."

He took my arm and we started our dance. He whispered that we needed to take it easy, because after he danced with me, he would be dancing with his mom and she did not need to know how aroused he'd become.

Fortunately, I had picked a long slow dance and Teddy was safely back to normal for the dance with his mom, then with my mom.

After we cut the cake, the partying and dancing started in earnest. He had yet to make good on his promise to dance with Erin.

We decided to take a break and sit. Teddy went to get us drinks and asked Erin to sit next to me at the head table. He returned and pulled up a chair, placing Erin between us. He handed each of us a tall flute of champagne and casually said to Erin. "Pull your dress up over your thighs."

The table cloth was covering us from view of everyone on the dance floor. Teddy was smiling and leaning in to kiss me. He took my hand and placed on Erin's exposed knee.

He pried her legs apart and put his hand on her other knee. Slowly he started moving his hand upward. He looked me in the eyes and I did the same. With his free hand, he gave Erin her glass and told her to sip.

We each reached her warm and moist pussy at the same time. Teddy moved a finger inside her and Erin almost choked on the bubbly. 

With an angelic smile, he said, "Join me, my darling?"

I smiled back and also slid a finger inside Erin. She closed her eyes, dropped her jaw and let her tongue slip out onto her bottom lip.

"For Christ's sake, Erin," I hissed, "Put your tongue back in. It looks like your having an orgasm."

Erin closed her mouth and then whispered, "That's because I'm about to come, you fuckers."

We both felt her thighs close, squeezing our fingers and applying pressure to her clit. 

Teddy said, "Spread your legs, my dear, you are not to come yet." She complied as she dug her nails into my thigh and almost spilled the drink in her other hand.
