 FRIDAY

Soon, they are stirring, getting ready to go to work, but before they do, I stop them for a moment. I ask them to stop at their apartment and dress in nice cocktail dresses, whatever they like, nothing formal, to go out for the evening. I also ask them to bring an overnight bag with some casual clothes and some overnight wear if they want. We will not be coming home tonight. I will pick them up at the apartment. They demand to know more, but I won't say a word, and tell them to call me when they're ready. I know they will hurry, and I'm glad, since I am as excited as they are. I also have another surprise for them, because I hit the jackpot when I stopped in the jewelers next to my office yesterday. I only hope they will be as happy with what I found as I am.

Looming over us is the fact that Charli is due home tomorrow morning. I have planned this, partially to avoid any uncomfortable moments with her and the girls, and partially because I want to talk to her alone. But for the three of us, I think the timing is good too. 

I stop at the jewelers, get home for a shower, and put on my newest black suit. I make sure the two little boxes are in the pockets. Then I sit and wait. The phone rings, just before 5. It's Nikki, giggling with excitement, and I can hear Kitty too. She must be hanging on her. "We're ready!" she says, "and please hurry, we're dying here!" That sets both of them off. 

When they calm down, I tell them, "Don't worry, I'm just as anxious as you are, I'll be there in half an hour or less." I put on my jacket, check the pockets for the boxes again, pick up my bag and head out the door to the waiting Limo.

The driver pulls up in front of their building, and I go to the door and ring for them. They buzz me in, and meet me at the door. I get little kisses from each of them, but they don't want to mess up their make-up. Then they step back to look at me, and my breath catches. I have never seen them dressed up before. Gorgeous does not do them justice. They are just - lovely! Obviously they both managed to get their hair done, the first time I have ever seen a real hair-do on either of them. 

Nikki has a short, strapless black dress with a skirted bottom that is pleated from the waist down. It ends six inches above her knees. The top clings and fits her perfectly, a deep slit revealing the curves of her breasts. Her raven hair flows down her naked shoulders, and is a great match.

Kitty's light blond hair now has loose curls. She wears a deep raspberry dress with narrow shoulder straps. The material has a swirling pattern woven into it. The dress is tight-fitting and longer, a couple of inches below her knees, but there are slits on each side, halfway up her thighs. She has even found shoes to match.

Each has something twinkling around her neck and wrist. I know they are waiting for me to say something, but I am almost speechless. I have never felt such excitement, not sexual, but simply from knowing they are with me!

Finally I manage, "Oh NIKKI, KITTY! You are just STUNNING!" I am sure they can hear the tension in my voice. I am actually breathing hard from the excitement I feel.

Kitty says softly, "We were hoping you would be pleased with us."

"Pleased? I am always pleased with you." I manage to chuckle softly. "But now, my god! You are . . . BEAUTIFUL." That feels lame, but it is the best I can do. I want to attack them, eat them alive. But instead, I gather up their small bags and say, "The car is waiting." We stand together on the down elevator, but I hardly dare touch them. I'm almost afraid they'll disappear. 

In the lobby, they look at each other as I hand their bags to the limo driver. They are giggling as he holds the building door for them, then opens the limo door and offers his hand as they climb in. I slip in on the seat between them and the door closes. In seconds the makeup is gone. They are all over me before I am even settled. If they hadn't started this, it would not have mattered. There is no way I could ever have kept my lips and hands off these beauties. We are all mindful of their dresses and hair, but the makeup will require a few minutes before we leave the car. 

When we arrive at the 5-star hotel, we stop at the main lobby entrance. After they put fresh makeup on and I wipe the old makeup off, the driver carries the bags to the desk for us and wishes us a good evening. I had already tipped him, of course. I talk briefly to the clerk, and leave our bags to the bellhop, and take the key card. I offer an arm to each of them, and we walk to the entrance of the restaurant. I feel like a mob boss, or a tycoon, my lovely girls on display. I am so proud of them! 

I give the maitre d' my name and a small incentive, and he ushers us to the darkest table at the back of the restaurant. A waiter in a tux stands at attention as we are seated. In moments, an iced bottle of champagne arrives at the table. After he has pulled the cork and poured for us, I call the waiter aside and ask him to be sure the glasses are always full. "Certainly, Sir," the French accent replies.

Disregarding propriety, we first sip, then inhale our first glass of Champagne. Nikki is giggling, hand over her face. The bubbles have gone right up her nose. The glasses are filled as they hit the table. Feeling its calming effect, we lean back in the booth and enjoy our second glass. Both of them are pressed against me, clinging to me, and I can already feel fingertips on my legs. So can they. 

When we have all calmed down a bit the waiter gently asks if we would like to order. Food is really not a top priority yet, but it's what we are here for. The girls' menus do not have prices on them, of course, and I hand mine back to waiter and ask for one like theirs. This night is worth any price. None of us are too sure what some of the items are, and when it girls can't make up their minds, I ask whether they would like seafood, beef, or something else. They agree on beef, and I call our waiter again and ask him if he would order the entree's for us. For preliminaries, we agree on shrimp cocktail and a salad. He asks if medium is all right and heads off to the kitchen, returning almost at once. 

The sight of the shrimp sparks our appetites, and we dig in to them and the salads. The second bottle of champagne arrives as we finish. I tell the waiter not to rush the main course. "Certainly, Sir." 

We lean back on the soft leather cushions and I put an arm around each of them. Almost on cue, they both turn to me and stretch up to kiss me on the cheek, snuggling against me. I capture Kitty's lips first, then Nikki's, sharing a delicious kiss with each of them. I can't even explain what I feel, but it's wonderful. 

To my surprise, they are no longer playing and teasing me, and I suddenly realize we have gone beyond that for the moment. Being here, now, together, enjoying each other is far more important. We have forever for the rest, and it will come soon enough. I feel wetness in the corner of my eye, the feeling is so overwhelming. Kitty reaches over me, and takes Nikki's hand squeezing it. I know they feel it too. The entrees arrive, and we do what we can to the giant slabs of mouth-watering, fork-tender beef. In the end, we hardly make a dent, but it is delicious. 

The girls head for the ladies room, and I take the moment to call the waiter once more, giving him instructions and the two small black boxes. When the girls return, I tell them I have ordered desert. Being so full, they moan a bit, but I tell them it's especially for them. When the tray arrives, the waiter serves 3 plates with a small portion of luscious looking dark 7-layer cake. On each of the girls' plates is one of the boxes. They both gasp and look at me.

I tell them they are exactly the same, and ask them to please open them together. When they do, they find golden ankle bracelets with four teardrop dangles, each one containing a gem. On one side of the bracelet is a modest diamond. On the other are 3 different colored gem stones. They sit staring, mouths open. I smile and ask if they know what the stones represent. When they can't guess I tell them, the gems are our birth stones, the girls on each side, a yellow topaz for Kitty, a red ruby for Nikki, and in the middle, a blue sapphire for me. They look at each other. They look at me. They are bawling, tears streaming down their faces. Me too. 

The waiter is otherwise occupied. The cake is never eaten. 

Still sobbing, Kitty manages to ask me what the diamond is for. I tell them they will have to guess. I think they know. 

After several minutes we all manage to get it together a little. The girls clean each other up a bit, and, pressed tightly together, we finish off the champagne. Our waiter reappears and asks if there is anything else he can get us. I ask if he can have a magnum of champagne sent to our room. "Certainly, Sir." I hand him my card and ask him to add 25% percent for himself. I want someone else to have a taste of the happiness that I . . . WE feel. 

There is no sense of propriety now. We walk to the elevator and ride up to our floor with the girls clinging to me. I have booked a small suite, and when we enter, we find 3 robes laid out on the bed. Giggling, they push me out of the bedroom and tell me to be patient. A moment later, I hear a shriek, and I know they have discovered the hot tub. I can hear the water running. A few minutes later, they emerge together, wrapped in their robes, ruined makeup removed, and a bracelet flashing on each one's ankle. 

I have opened the champagne and am sitting on the couch, and they jump up on each side of me. I have never been kissed so many times in such a short moment in my life. Finally, I tear myself free and say, "Wait, what about my robe?" Pouting, they wait as I take my turn and go to the bedroom to undress and freshen up. In just a couple of minutes, I reappear and ask, "Guess what I found in here!" In unison they shriek, "A hot tub!" They go running back into the room, but I take the time to gather up the champagne and three glasses. 

The tub is full, and the water just right. And Nikki and Kitty are up to their necks in it, smiling at me. A little self conscious for some reason, I take off my robe and step in too. The warmth feels wonderful. The jets of water and bubbles are stimulating, and tickle just a little. The feeling of my girls, clinging to me, gently kissing me as I settle back, I just cannot describe. Life DOES NOT get any better than this! 

Well, maybe it does. When I feel the first little hand go around my half hardened cock and hold me. Or when the 2nd hand joins it from the other side. Or when they gently start to stroke me together, making me rock hard. 

I fumble to pour the champagne, three glasses on the edge of the tub. We each take one and sip. The warmth of the water and the additional alcohol make our faces flush almost instantly, and we glow now with an inner fire. 

Kitty wants to be first. She moves in front of me and I feel her hand holding me as she guides herself down on him. I whisper softly, "Gently, remember, there will not be as much lube."

She bounces up and down easily in the water, and gradually slides lower and lower on my cock. My hands are on her breasts. We are smiling at each other. Nikki is touching both of us, enjoying our pleasure. With the help of her own wetness Kitty slides all the way down and presses, feeling me inside of her. She takes her hand and rubs it over him, inside her abdomen. I have to close my eyes, the pleasure is so great. Kitty puts her hands on my shoulders and starts sliding up and down on me. In moments we are both moaning and gasping. 

I pull and twist her nipples gently, and she leans against my hands, wanting more. I can feel her squeezing my cock with her pussy, teasing me. We lean together for a long deep kiss and we are gasping when our lips part, fires fully kindled. She presses firmly against my shoulders and starts moving harder and faster, ramming herself down on my cock. My own hips rock under her, adding to the force of our bodies colliding. The wine and the warm water do their work, and in moments we are both moaning and gasping. Shivers go through me, and I can feel her shudder as she pushes hard down against me. Again she is moving, fucking me even harder, climbing to the light. My eyes are closed, teeth clenched, wanting to join her, but knowing I am needed again. 

She convulses, crying out, body shaking, pussy spasming around me, grinding her body against mine. At last she falls forward against my chest, and I hold her, petting and stroking as I feel the waves subside. "Oh, Don, DAMN!" as she finally slides herself off of me and falls into Nikki's arms. They kiss and hug, and whisper to each other. 

Nikki slips free and is about to mount me the same way, but I tell her, "Turn around, honey." I put my feet flat on the tub floor, angling my knees up, and make a little bench of my legs for her to slide down. She sits in my lap and leans back against my chest, my hard cock trapped between her body and mine. I slip my arms around her and take her breasts in my hands, gently kneading and squeezing them. She moans and arches, thrusting her breasts into my hands. 

I nuzzle her neck, kissing, nipping, licking, and she moves up and down in my lap, her smooth ass rubbing against my cock. Finally she lifts up, and I hold my cock for her as she slowly lets herself down on it. My head goes back and I gasp with pleasure as she slowly envelops me. I pull at her nipples as she grinds against me, feeling my hard cock buried inside her. She begins long slow strokes, taking it all and giving it back, enjoying my entire length. My cock is on fire as her cunt swallows me, even hotter than the water. She puts her hands on my pointed knees, and using them for leverage, begins to fuck me hard and fast. In this position I can't move under her, but there is no need as she slides up and down ever faster and harder, grunting with each downward stroke. The sounds of our bodies slapping can be heard even from under the water. 

She leans forward, at arms length, her breasts still in my hands. I Squeeze and pull at them hard, feeling her nipples crushed against my palms. My cock is trembling, ready to burst inside her, and I hold on as her little cries signal her approach. She cums, bucking and writhing, her hips pistoning back and forth for just a moment as she goes over the edge. I respond in kind, bucking, growling, spurting, pumping, filling her. Her pussy grabs me and milks the last drops from me. She falls back against my chest, almost hysterical, and I calm her with little kisses, licks and love-bites across her neck and shoulders. She turns to me, and we indulge in a long deep kiss of thanks to each other. 

When she slides off, she and Kitty both cling to me, and we all take turns sharing kisses. I am so pleased when the girls kiss, sharing their love for each other and for being together. No longer are they afraid or ashamed of what it might mean. We lie back once again and finish off the champagne, playing little games and chatting the chat of lovers. 

It is getting late, and our heads are nodding after all the stimulations of the evening. Reluctantly, we climb out of the tub and dry each other off, standing under the heat lamps. The girls surprise me by pulling out negligees, black for Nikki and red for Kitty, but I respond with a pair of black satin under shorts I got just for the occasion. They look at me and giggle, and each has to come over and give me a stroke or two through the smooth material. We all pile into the giant bed, pull up the covers, and snuggle together. In minutes we are sound asleep.

In my sleep, I must have rolled on my side. I awake slowly, to the pleasant feeling of soft hands moving over me, both front and back. I don't want to open my eyes, and in the dim light from the bathroom nightlight I wouldn't be able to see much anyway. But I can tell the breasts pressing against my chest are Nikki's even though there is smooth, slippery material between me and them. The negligee! Her hands are running up and down my chest very lightly, and she is kissing back and forth across my chest, under my chin. 

But I also feel hands and a body behind me, Kitty of course. One hand is running across and up and down my shoulders. Her lips are slowly planting kisses all over my back. Her shielded pussy is pressed firmly against my ass, and she is rocking very, very lightly against me. But when I rolled, I spread my legs slightly, and her other hand is between my legs, rubbing my balls very gently through the satin shorts. Either all that's right... or I'm in heaven!

Heaven can wait, I decide, because I have two angels taking care of me right now! I bend my head down slightly, and catch Nikki's lips with mine. Our lips grind slowly together, kissing gently, a good morning kiss, even though in the middle of the night. I move my hand to her hip, and run it slowly up and down her side over the silky negligee. She purrs softly for me. 

I roll onto my back slowly, aching to have both of them in my arms. When I do, they both slide up over my chest and take turns kissing me. I love the feel of the satiny material sliding over my skin. I have an arm around each one, and I slowly run my hands from the middle of their backs down over their cheeks, squeezing softly at the beautiful mounds. I feel Kitty's hand slide down over my chest and stomach, and over the blackness of my shorts, till it finds the bulge of my now hard cock underneath. Her hand moves very slowly up and down, sometimes rubbing, sometimes only fingertips trailing. My hips respond with gentle movements.

Not to be outdone, Nikki slides her hand down my body, and lets it slip under the band of the shorts. She trails her fingertips lightly up and down the side of my cock, being sure not to interfere with Kitty. But the skin to skin contact is wonderful!

I slide my arms from behind them, and move my hands over the material of each filmy negligee to find a breast. I grasp them gently and squeeze softly, kneading slowly. Their moans blend with mine as they both stroke my cock harder, in response. Kitty slips her hand inside my shorts and I have two hands grasping me, stroking in unison. My hips move slowly in time with their hands. 

They try to slip their tongues into my mouth at the same time, and almost succeed. I end up with a very wet face, covered with kisses. We end up with three tongues meeting at my lips. For some reason that is unbelievably exciting to me, and I can tell from their sighs they like it too. Or perhaps it's just the way my fingertips have found two hard nipples to squeeze and pull, through the silky negligees.

Very soon, they begin to tug more urgently on my cock, and I slip my hands inside the satin and grasp them, letting my palms run back and forth over the diamond tips. I can hear their breathing become ragged, just like mine. Kitty leans across my chest and whispers to Nikki, "Honey, I want him."

Nikki giggles and says, "Just leave some for me!" 

Kitty whispers in my ear, "Don, please do me good, you know how I like it!" In the dim light I watch as Kitty gets on her hands and knees. 

As I start to move, Nikki breathes into my ear, "It's ok, lover, I get sloppy seconds when you are nice and hard, and I love it when you cum inside me!"

I leave on the black shorts, and thread my cock through the slit fly. As I move behind Kitty, she pulls the negligee up until it is just above her ass and out of the way. I press against her ass, letting my cock slide over her wet pussy, and rub against her smooth cheeks. She reaches back and grasps me, sliding my tip into her as she spreads her legs wider. 

I put my hands on her hips, and push lightly, very slowly sliding into her. She tries to push back against me, but I hold on and make her wait. She is so wet I can slide all the way in with one slow stroke. She puts her head down on the pillow and moans with satisfaction. Nikki is watching us, fingertips pulling at her swollen nipples.
