 A funny thing happened. I intended to write "just" another erotic story, using a theme that appealed to me. But somewhere along the line, I fell in love with my heroines! The result is a story longer than I envisioned, and a tone very different than I intended. I considered putting this into the "Romance" category rather than "Group Sex" because of the way it has affected me. I hope some of you will derive the pleasure from reading it that I felt when writing it. "Wednesday" and "Friday" are my favorite chapters.

And I would love your feedback. TC5

*

Charli and I have been together about 5 years now. We met and quickly found out we were very compatible, particularly in bed. Basically we both have a great appetite for sex, and are certainly not shy about letting each other know what we like. 

Besides that, I am what some would call "well equipped". I have a very large cock. While most men probably dream about having my size, many women can't handle it, or don't want to deal with it. It has been both blessing and curse. Charli loves it and we are a perfect fit, even though it did take her a while to adjust to me. 

Charli moved into my house very soon after we met. Over the years we grew closer, and I think you might say we feel we're in love. The question of marriage has never entered the picture because Charli is quite a few years older than I, and there is always the question of what will happen as we age. 

Charli has a daughter, Nikki, who was 22 and a bubblegum snapping kid when we met, but now she's 27, and has grown into quite a woman. She had moved out of Charli's apartment just before we met, and that left Charli free to do just about anything. Nikki moved to an apartment with her girlfriend, Kat, and they have been there ever since. Nikki comes over to see Charli pretty often, but there is no problem between us, and I think she's glad Charli has someone, especially since I'm not a threat to become a step-dad.

Over the last year though, things have changed. Charli seems to have lost a lot of her sexual appetite, and now it's more like once a week than twice a night. She's a sales rep for a big company downtown, and she goes on frequent trips for the company. We used to spend the night fucking each other's brains out, both before she left and as soon as she got home. Now she needs some rest the night before, and a day or two after. She's not really that old, 51, and I'm 45, so I am a little disappointed that age has seemed to catch up to her so quickly. Still, she's a great friend and I feel very close to her.

Shortly after I noticed the change in Charli, I noticed Nikki started coming to the house a bit more often. She has always come in the summer and used the pool, a good thing since it has never really been either my thing or Charli's. Before, Nikki came over once or twice a week, but now it's two or three times plus the weekends. Usually she just barges into the house, changes in the spare bedroom and heads for the pool. 

Big difference in her suits now, they used to be one piece or even tank top and shorts, lately the bikinis have been getting smaller and smaller. But I'm not sorry about that change, she's really worth looking at, and I do. Once in a while her roommate, Kat comes for a swim too, and she's not bad either, though she doesn't have nearly Nikki's figure.

In the winter Nikki just comes over and chats with Charli for a while in the kitchen, and sometimes I join them. This past winter, though, Nikki came over two or 3 times a week even when Charli was on a trip, and spent a couple of hours talking with me and watching TV. Seems Kat had a boyfriend for a while, and they wanted to be alone. I think that's over now, though.

Monday 

Charli left for Atlanta last night, so it's pretty quiet in here right now. I just got home, and was working on some stuff for my office till I got bored. I see too much of that crap all day. This is about the time Nikki usually shows up, and sure enough, I just heard a car door slam. Oh well, it's a hot sunny day. 

As usual she bounces in with a "Hi, Don", and heads for the bedroom. I always make sure I'm watching when she comes out, to see what the "suit du jour" is.

Wow! I wasn't ready for this! The tiny suit she's almost wearing is pale tan, and hardly covers a thing. First thought, "I'm really glad I put in that privacy fence." Second thought, "This girl is a real piece of ass!" Well ok, so maybe that wasn't the order. Either way, it's enough for me to really feel more than a little reaction, and I don't want her to see the swelling between my legs. She has prompted a little arousal before, sometimes on purpose, I suspected, but nothing like this. 

On her way through she stops and twirls, "What do you think, Don? Its brand new, do you like it?"

I can't help myself, "I'm not sure if I like the part that's there better, or the part that's not!"

I am forcefully reminded of something I already knew, this girl is built just like Charli would have been 25 years ago, and charli's a brick outhouse now!

"Woohoo, Don," she giggles, "now I'm glad about the part that's not!" as she pushes open the door wall to the back yard. She's almost gone, when she turns and says, "Hey, why don't you come for a swim? It's beautiful out here, and it's not as much fun swimming alone.

She waits for an answer as I think for a second. "Not a bad idea, I'm not getting any work done here. I'll give it a thought."

The door closes, and she's gone, leaving me to wonder, "What the hell did I just say?" But worst of all, I know I meant it! The thought that's going through my head is, "Hey, you asshole, that's Charli's daughter. Don't go looking for trouble 'cuz you just might find it!" But then, "Charli and I aren't married and Nikki and I aren't related. Basically we are just friends. A little eye candy won't hurt if I can keep "this" under control. And you know you wanna."

Five minutes later I'm walking out the door in a pair of cutoff jeans. I have trunks, but the cutoffs might hide "this" a little better. Nikki has already had her first dip, and is laying out on one of the chaises. Pretending I'm not looking, I walk past her and jump into the pool.

"Hey, you mean bastard! You got me wet!"

When I turn around and look up, she's standing on the edge of the pool, hands on hips, but with a big smile on her face. This is a great excuse to just look, and I see more than I bargained for. Her suit isn't dry yet, and I can see right through it! Dark nipples, very erect, and a patch of black hair just above her pussy, which the suit is clinging to in a beautiful camel toe. To keep from stuttering, I say nothing.

"First time I've seen you in the water in years, Don, but I'm glad you decided to give it a try."

With that, she jumps in next to me, and when she comes up, after wiping her face and pushing her hair back, she immediately clings to me. 

"Water's a little deep here for me."

It's not, and she knows I know it. I really didn't bargain for this. Dreamed it maybe. Her face is about six inches from mine, and her body plastered against me, closer than that suit had been to her a few seconds ago. The hell with it, a man can only take so much. Wherever this goes, it goes.

"Thanks, Don, I'm really glad you decided to come out with me."

With that, the six inches vanishes and she kisses me. Not a family kiss, lips open, tongue pressing against mine. Soon that tongue is in my mouth. Breaking the kiss, she suddenly says, "Damn you, don't you know how long I've wanted this?"

Another long kiss, and my hands finally remember to slide around her body. I can't believe how smooth and firm she is! And wriggly! Her body is writhing slowly against mine now, and the tiny bikini top is up around her neck. Those bullet hard nipples are boring holes in my chest. "Nikki, you do know what you're doing don't you? I live with your mother!"

"Later!" she says, as her lips close over mine again. And in a second I feel something groping against my shorts. Her hand soon finds the target, hard to miss, actually. She leans her head back from mine, and that big grin says, "Mom was right!" 

I start to say, "What The Fuck!" but her mouth covers mine again, tongue probing, lips grinding. Meanwhile, that hand is running up and down the length of my cock, first gauging the size of it, I think, to be sure she hasn't been cheated, now stroking me to see if she can find any more. Amazingly, I think it's working, as I feel my cock swelling like it will burst.

"Why did you wear these fucking shorts?" she says. And the other hand starts working on the button and zipper. Doesn't matter now! They drift slowly down my legs, and that hand has a death grip on me. 

She starts sliding that hand up and down me, and something changes. I look at her face at the wide-eyed expression. "Mom told me but, I didn't quite believe..."

"Now you know, I guess. You like?" Time for me to get a little bolder now, I'm really not Kasper Milktoast. Her hand answers my question, she's jacking me harder and harder.

Realizing my hands can still move, I start running them over her body, first that sweet round ass with absolutely nothing covering it, and then those stunning breasts, Just like her mothers, but 25 years perkier and firmer. She arches, throws her head back, and moans. The hand moves faster.

Fuck it! This is no time for comparisons, when one of the most ravishing creatures I've ever seen is in my hands and asking for more! I knead slowly, as we kiss again, and she is pressing herself into my hands. She moans into my mouth. 

She wraps her legs around my waist, and presses her pussy against my swollen cock and with her arms around my neck, starts sliding herself up and down over it. I know she still has the bottom of that suit on, but I can't even feel it.

I can't stand waiting any longer, so I grasp those little nipples in my fingers and squeeze. Cone shaped. Just like Charli's. Her eyes widen. Maybe no one has treated her like this before. I rub, then pull, then twist. Her hips start to roll, humping my bare cock. She lets go with one hand, reaches down, and comes up with the tiny, untied bikini bottom, which she tosses to the pool side.

"Don, I want this so bad," as her hand squeezes me, "but I don't know if... I've never..."

"Good thing you do, 'cuz you're gonna get it now!" I almost snarl at her with my passion so high. But don't worry, it will, it just takes some patience the first time. And after all, you are your mother's daughter."

I reach down, and for the first time, I touch her pussy, obviously very swollen. She jumps, then presses against my hand as I stroke it slowly, letting my finger run between her lips. She groans, she writhes, her hand is pumping my cock like a well handle. When my two fingers slip into her she pushes herself all the way on them, and her hips start rolling. She feels wonderful, and I can see she will know what to do, but she's still quite tight, and I know we can't do too much here.

Nikki, you started this, I'm willing to finish it, and I can see you are too, but we can't do it here."

She pouts, "Dammit, you can see how bad I want you. But I wanna do it in the pool!" 

"I know, so do I baby, and maybe we can soon, but the first time is going to take a little effort, and the pool washes all the lube away. I promise, we can make up for it later." 

I just want you to fuck me, wherever, whatever it takes. Don, I'm so hot for you! And for a long time, too!"

Taking her hand, I lead her out of the pool, hoping the fence is high enough and the neighbors aren't too nosy. We barely make it in the door and I grab her wet body in a crushing grip. I hold her against me as we both grind and moan, my tongue almost in her throat, my swollen cock pressing right between her legs. She's riding up and down on it. I scoop her up in my arms and carry her to the downstairs guest room. We are still all wet, but who cares.

I throw her on the bed and dive between her legs, pushing them apart. My tongue slides up the inside of one thigh and down the other. She is absolutely thrashing around. Maybe she's been eaten before, but not too often or well, I'm betting. I keep teasing her. Kisses, nips, licks and bites. 

"Mom said you could be an animal, you gonna eat me alive?" she said, breathlessly.

Looking up with a smile, "Exactly!"

I bury my face in her dripping wet pussy, ramming my tongue into her as far as I can reach. She is so fucking wet I can literally drink from her, and I do, knowing she will provide plenty more when we need it. My tongue is sliding up and down her slit as she grabs my head and mashes my face deeper into her. My lips find her clit, large and swollen now, and I suck it in. Her ass heaves off the bed, and she yells something. I glance up to see she has both nipples in her fingers, pulling on them. My teeth graze her clit, then my tongue grinds down on it. That does it. She cums in a gush.

She's ready! I want her to be as wet and open as possible, because I know her young cunt is going to have a problem with my cock, and I intend that she will take every millimeter of it before we're through. After all, that's exactly what she wants, apparently because my girlfriend - her mother - has been telling her about it.

I stand and grab her ankles, pulling her so her ass is at the edge of the bed. Rolling her back with her legs pushed over her head, I stuff two pillows under her, then take a moment to look at her. Dammit she really has a beautiful body, and it makes my hard cock a bit harder, just drinking it in. I am flattered that she wants me.

"Don, do me, show me what that huge cock can do! I want prove I can take it - and take care of it!"

I'm stroking myself, letting her watch.

"Baby, your wish is my command, and you WILL learn to take it all."

With that I hold myself steady and run my head up and down her pussy a few times. Her hips lift in response. I lean forward and press, whispering, "Spread your legs wide Nikki, now's the time."

I lean forward and push. My head slips in easily! That's a really good sign. She is gasping, breathing shallow, but I love seeing her face smiling at me. She's a natural, just like her mother. I lean over her, staring down at her eyes and her beautiful breasts. "Nikki, I'm going to love this, and you will too!" 

Pushing slowly, I slide into her a bit at a time, feeling her stretching, opening to accommodate me. The smile is gone, but I realize her hips are lifting, pushing up against me. She wants more! I slide back a bit, then forward again, it's a little easier this time. I want her to realize it is getting better. She is breathing so hard her chest is heaving. She is still playing with her nipples, and her cunt is absolutely soaking wet. This is going to go much better than I feared! 

"Dammit Don, that cock is amazing, it's so tight, but it feels sooooooooo fucking good!" She gives a push with her hips, and I slide in easily another inch or more. 

Now I realize, just like her mother, this girl was made to take me! Soon she will take all of me with a smile, and we can fuck each other silly! I slide back once more and press again, reaching the depth I was in her before, pushing slowly. And it keeps going!! She grunts a bit as I come to a stop in her, but her hips are rocking, and she is smiling again! Only about three inches left now, and I decide it is time for her to take it all.

I slide almost out and rock for a moment, fucking her slowly, I can tell she is very comfortable now, and I can go over half way in with ease. She has an amazing body, inside and out! I adjust my strokes so each one goes a little deeper, fucking her in a nice steady rhythm. She is totally in to it, hips rolling, meeting each thrust so it goes just a bit extra.

It's time! I move my hands from the bed to her hips, holding her as start to ram harder into her. She cries out with each thrust, but she is dead game. There is a determined look in her glazed eyes, and she starts bucking her hips even harder.

"Ohh Ohh OHH OHHHHH yesyesyesyes! O my god that's so FUCKING GOOD! Do it now Don, fill me up, I want all of him!!!!"

I oblige. I ram the final inch into her, I can see it slide up inside her, making her body bulge. Her head slams back, her fists are little balls, her back is arched and she is whimpering loudly. Other than the pulsing of my cock in her incredibly tight cunt, I don't move. If I did I would cum, and I don't want that. This is for her. 

Gradually her head comes back, until she is staring at me, wide eyed. She looks almost fearful. 

"Oh my god Don, I did it? We did it? It feels like your cock in in my stomach!"

I give her a big, and heartfelt, smile. "You are fantastic, Nikki. Run your hand from your stomach down over your pussy."

She does, and feels the bulge in her abdomen. That's... it? That's your cock in me? She runs her hand up and down over it. That's amazing! That's wonderful!! Don, you sweet fucking bastard, I love it!"

Her rubbing is not helping my control, but I can feel her loosening slowly, stretching to accommodate me, and the pressure is not quite so unbearable.

"Yes, it is amazing and wonderful, for me too. And so are you! But only part one. Now I have to fuck you till you cum!

I think, in the effort to get me all the way in, she had almost forgotten that part. "Oh my god! Yes! Oh Don, fuck me with that monster cock!! I don't care if you tear me apart. Show me what it really feels like!"

Pulling back just a little, I start fucking her with short deep strokes, pressing in all the way with each one. After a bit it gets much easier, and she starts lifting up to meet me, soon giving almost as good as she gets. She is swearing and grunting with almost every stroke, but it is obviously from passion rather than pain. Seeing she is enjoying it, I lengthen the strokes, until soon I am giving her almost the full length with every thrust. 

Her entire body is moving now, heaving up to meet me as I start fucking her harder and faster. I am ramming myself in up to the hilt, knowing I am going even deeper than before, but obviously it doesn't bother her a bit. Once again she is pulling and squeezing her nipples, and her face is sheer lust. I can't keep this up much Longer and I increase the pace as best I can. She starts a long wailing cry, and in one incredible moment, we cum together as my cum shoots into the very middle of her, and she bucks and thrusts and squeezes, trying to get every last drop!

Her body still impaled on me, I lean over and kiss her softly. "Nikki, you are an incredible woman. You just took the best I have to give and matched me right to the end." The smile tells me how good it was for her, and how good my praise makes her feel. I make no move to pull away, letting her feel it as my cock softens and shrinks, and I can feel her body contracting around me. She does not want it to end!

Finally I fall on the bed with her and take her in my arms. We hold each other, petting and kissing softly. Suddenly, she loses it, leaning over me and covering my face, shoulders and neck with kisses. She is almost crying, but she is smiling.

"Don!! That was magic! Oh my god, I never thought ANYTHING could be that good! My mother told me you are amazing, but I had no idea! I didn't know it was possible to feel like that! She has been so lucky to have you all these years!" Her expression is suddenly puzzled. "I don't under stand why she..."

"Nikki, what's the matter? If you want to know the truth, you are the amazing one, better than your mother. It took her quite a few times before she could take me like that. Fortunately, though, she is just as hot as you are, so we kept trying and got it right. But now we don't..." 

"Don, I know. Would you mind taking a little ride with me?" She sounded serious.
