 TUESDAY

I decide to surprise her a little when she gets here today, and I put on my trunks and lay out in the shade by the pool. The sun is too hot for me. It's a good thing I came right out after work, because I hear her car door almost as soon as I lie down. It takes her a minute, but she spots me and comes running out. I like her eagerness, because I feel it too.

"What the hell are you doing out here?" she says with a grin. "I didn't even bring a suit! But I think I have a spare one in the car." She gives me a quick kiss and goes running off again. 

A couple of minutes later she appears again, almost wearing a bright colored bikini. "Damn this girl!" one look and I can feel myself stirring again. It's not like yesterday's suit, but it's not bad.

Now she is making up for lost time. As I stand, she wraps herself around me and presses everything against me including her lips, grinding, open, begging for my tongue. Of course she gets it. Along with a magnificent hard-on that threatens to rip open my trunks. I realize I feel very different about things today than I did yesterday. I had no idea what was going to happen then, although secret hopes, maybe. Now, I feel confident of our relationship, even possessive, perhaps, for the moment. I know that, right now, she is mine and I am hers in total lust. We already know what's about to happen, except for the details.

That doesn't make it any less exciting, maybe even more so. My body is already telling me what it wants, and is more than ready for it. I know she feels the same, at least, as long as she took some ibuprofen. Now though, we don't have to be coy, and we can make a game out of teasing each other. Come to think of it, we were never really very coy.

She comes up for air just long enough to whisper in my ear, "I hope you are ready for me, because I haven't thought about a thing all day, except you and your monster. I didn't do five minutes worth of work, and that was probably wrong." 

"I'm glad to hear that," I grin back. "It's nice to know you were thinking about me, and besides, I was the same way. Except I was thinking about you and your amazing body. I just stayed in my office all day. If I had gotten up, someone might have noticed."

"You mean, noticed this?" giving the cock she had already been rubbing a hard squeeze. 

"That, or the shit eating grin!" 

"We can take a dip, if you want," I say, hoping the answer is no. 

She looks at me and says, "Right now, that's the farthest thing from my mind babe, the only dip I'm interested in is where you dip him." Another hard squeeze.

"You convinced me," I laugh, and we try to look nonchalant as we almost run for the house.

Barely inside the door, we plaster ourselves against each other again. Her hips are rolling and her pussy is grinding against my cock. "Dammit!" she explodes, and bends to yank my trunks down. AS she does, I pull the tie on the bikini bra, and it falls, who knows where. Who cares. Now she is the only one wearing anything, the bottom, and it's gone in a second, as we each untie a side. She is ready to attack, but my breath catches in my throat, and I have to stop and stare at the sight of her. "Nikki, you are the most gorgeous creature."

"I know something that makes me look even better," she replies. "Do you know what it does to me when I see this giant cock sliding into me? I can almost cum, just looking." She grabs me and starts stroking hard.

Once again, "Bedroom. Now!"

She runs ahead of me again and dives onto the bed, only this time she comes up sitting cross-legged at the edge of the bed. "I need practice!" She doesn't have to tell me twice, and I stand in front of her.

Grabbing my cock, she strokes him hard for a few seconds, her eyes watching me watching her. Then she bends to him slightly, kissing and licking all over, as my eyes are locked on her. She even spits on her hand, then strokes him again. That feels so much better. I am going crazy at her touches! I run my hand over her head, then run my fingers through her hair. She knows what I want, she's teasing me. I shudder with every touch.

But I know, SHE wants it too. 

"Baby, c'mon, show me what you learned," I beg. "Be a good little cocksucker, not a cock teaser!"

"Don, I'm YOUR cock teaser!" And with that, she inhales my head, sucking, licking, grinding her tongue on the tip. 

Her eyes are looking up, laughing at me, knowing she has total control. Or so she thinks. My hands are resting lightly on her hair. Suddenly I move them behind her head and pull. Not hard or suddenly, but a slow steady pressure that slides me into her mouth, all the way to the back. I don't let go. 

"Didn't your mother tell you about big bad perverts, like me?" 

Of course I know she did, that's why she's here. 

"Thanks, Charli, for something, at least!"

I start stroking in and out of her mouth, my cock hitting the entrance to her throat, her mouth very wet, her tongue swirling around me. I know she wants lots more, but in that position, she can't do it yet. 

I relent and let her slide back off of me. "Oh god, Don he's so good! But I want lots more than that!"

"I know you do baby, so do I, come with me." I lead you back to the living room, and build a shallow ramp of cushions against the arm of the couch for you to lie on. "Get on your stomach, and tilt your head back just a little."

She watches as I walk to the end of the couch, opening her mouth for me as I slide my cock into it. This time she is lined up, and my head slips easily into her throat. She hardly gags at all now, and I press forward, sliding deeper and deeper down her throat. I can feel her contracting, trying to swallow me. Almost there, but I slide back out to let her catch a breath. "Oh FUCK! Don, that feels so good! My pussy is dripping wet! You know you can - anything! Please, fuck my mouth!"

She opens wide again and I push straight in now, never, meeting any real resistance until the last little bit. I push harder and am imbedded in her, my balls pressing against her chin. She starts to move her head, stroking me, but I pull back once more, and she gasps, once again. 

"This one's for you, baby!" I smile, as she opens her mouth, and in one quick thrust I am all the way in. I immediately start fucking her mouth, nice smooth steady strokes, and I can feel her lips pressing down on me, along with tightness of her throat. The pleasure is so intense I'm almost glad when I have to pull back for another breath. "Baby," I gasp, "I can't do many more of those or Ill cum in your throat. Much as I would love that, there are better places."

"Please, Don, just a little more, it drives me crazy to feel you deep inside of me like that!"

Three times is all I can handle, four and it would be all over for a while. Both of us are shuddering now, wanting only to reach that final explosion. 

I tell her to roll over, and she looks up as I push her legs apart and kneel between them. No preliminaries now. My hand guides him into her and I push hard. She is so dripping wet and open that he slides easily. She gives a long, loud sigh of pure pleasure when she feels him inside. Only three or four strokes and I am buried to the hilt. 

We stare at each other for a moment. She silently mouths, "FUCK ME!"

Not waiting a moment, I start with long steady strokes, which she is soon matching as she rolls her hips and presses her pussy against me. Both of us are gasping and shuddering, knowing this is the one we have been waiting for all day. Faster, harder, slapping, pounding, the couch is creaking and showing its age. She is pulling and squeezing at her nipples, and watching that excites me even further. I am gasping and shuddering, trying to hold off, but at last I explode inside her, which triggers her own detonation, and with a scream she starts climbing a tremendous orgasm. We are both bucking, grinding against each other. 

When I finally collapse on top of her, she wraps her arms around me, squeezing so tight neither of us can breathe. When she loosens her grip, I hear, "Oooooo yessssss, ooooo, FUCK YESSSSSS!

Long minutes pass as we recover in each others arms. I don't even open my eyes as she finally lifts her head and gives me a long, soft kiss.

"Don, I have to tell you something." My eyes are wide open now, staring at her, and I have butterflies in my stomach.

"In and hour or so, Kitty - that's Kat, my roommate - is coming over here."

"What the hell, baby! The last thing we need right now is company! And swimming is definitely not on the schedule for today!"

"I know, Don, she's not coming for a swim." She looks like she's about to cry.

Speechless, I wait for her to go on.

"When I went home this morning to dress for work, Kitty was up. She took one look at me, wet hair and no underwear, and said, "What the HELL have you been doing? You never called and I was worried that something happened to you. From the look, I guess it did!" I didn't know what to say. And the bottom line is, I told her. About you."

The butterflies are replaced with a lead weight.

"Don, it's not about us getting together, making love." She knows I have been after you for the last year, even if you didn't. And she knew it would happen sooner or later, or I'd die trying." But, I told her about you - HIM! How amazing your cock is!" 

"And she doesn't believe it. She thinks I'm in love with you, imagining you bigger than life. She said I could never take anything that size. Finally, I was tired, and she pissed me off, so I yelled at her. I told her, "If you don't want to believe me, come over here today and I'll ask him to show you!" And she said she would. At around 5:30."

All I could say was, "OHHH MY GODDD!"

"Oh Don, I'm so sorry! I never should have mentioned you - or us! But the truth is, she would have found out, anyway. We tell each other pretty much everything, and I know I would have blabbed it eventually."

"Nikki, how sure are you she won't tell it to anyone else?"

"Don't worry about that, Don, we are closer than you know. We even tried sex with each other, but we found out, that's REALLY not our thing. We spent more time laughing than anything else. And I know a few things that she would die if someone found out."

"Well, at least that's good news! And you expect me to just pull out my cock and wave it at her or something?"

Now she was crying, bawling. 

"OH Don, I'm so sorry, I don't know, I don't know. All day I was going to call her and tell her to forget it, but I know she will never believe me then, and I'll never hear the end of it."

"What do you want to do, Nikki?"

"I want this to go away, but it won't. I know she'll be here. Don, do you think you could - would you mind that much? Showing it to her?"

I collapsed back on the bed. "OH, god Nikki, what have you done? How are we going to get out of this?"

But the truth is, deep down, I'm flattered. And even a little excited. A young woman coming just to see my cock! I feel a little like a porn star.

"If you want, I'll call right now, and tell her not to come," Nikki finally blurted out.

I knew that really wasn't what she wanted. I was silent for a minute, then held my arms out to her, and she collapsed on my chest. I kissed her, long, tenderly. 

"It's ok," I said, "we'll do something, we'll get through it. Remember, it's YOUR man you are showing off to someone else."

"I know, I thought about that too," she said. "But it's Kitty. We share everything, it's not like just someone I know."

It is 5:00 now. I start listening for cars. We have gotten dressed. Well sort of. Shorts and T-shirts. We have kind of agreed what we'll do. I am terrified. But incredibly excited! Kat's squeaky car pulls in the drive. Soon the door opens, and she walks in.

She sees us standing together Nikki's arm around my waist. That leaves her no doubt that Nikki and I have "gotten together".

"Hi, Kat, I heard you were coming," I finally manage to get out. 

"Hi, Don, I had to, dammit! After all this time I find Nikki lying to me, or at least exaggerating! I'm not letting her off the hook. But at least I see it's true she finally got you. Poor thing has been plotting for months." She gives us a big smirk, and gets a scowl from Nikki.

"What makes you think it was just her?" I ask. "A man would be crazy not to want this gorgeous woman!" 

"I agree," Kat says, "but I didn't know if she could get you to actually give in to her. You seem pretty well settled in with Charli."

"Things change," I reply. She's not getting any more from me right now.

Nikki turns to me and gives me a long kiss, Kat watching. "What do you need to convince you?" she asks Kat. 

"Real simple, I've never seen anything much more than half size you described. Anything you can do to show me will work." Kat is being bossy, thinking she is going to win this one.

Suddenly, I Gasp! Nikki is rubbing me through my shorts! "Hey," she says, "you got a head start!" She realizes I was already partially aroused before she touched me.

Kat is staring at us, and I can see a little color in her cheeks. "Just get it on, you two, don't mind me."

"How the hell do you expect to see anything if we don't?" Nikki hisses back. 

I close my eyes and just enjoy Nikki's hand. Anything is ok with me now. I am very, very hard! In a few seconds I hear a giggle, and open my eyes again. Kat is standing in front of me, staring at the bulge in my shorts. "Can I touch it?"

No one answers, but Nikki moves a little, and Kat is on her knees, in front of me. She puts her hand on my shorts, runs it back and forth, the length of me. She wraps her fingers around me and squeezes. 

"OHMYGOD,OHMYGOD,OHMYGOD!" she yelps, and pulls her hand back like it had gotten burned. A second later it is running over me again.

She looks up at Nikki. "I wanna see it!"

Nikki bites her lips, and looks at me "Don, do...."

"I don't care," I croak hoarsely. Kat's hand is still on me.

"Wait here," Nikki tells Kat, and takes my hand, leading me to the bedroom.

"I know this is hard for you, baby, thank you!" 

She pulls my shorts down, giving me a little kiss on the tip, then tells me to get on the bed. She leans over, kissing me, then starts stroking, as we kiss. Smiling, she says, I want her to see ALL of you! That should shut up that bitch!"

In moments, I am rock hard, a drop of pre-cum on my tip. This is driving me crazy! She gives me one last smile, whispers, "Thank you," and calls out, "Kitty, come in here!"

Kat comes through the door and stops dead. My cock is standing at attention, in its full glory. Eyes wide, she stares. You win!" she says, and slowly walks over to the bed. Now it's Nikki's turn to smirk.

Without warning, Kat reaches out and grasps me, wanting to see how hard it is. She is not disappointed. I gasp loudly, arching back in the bed. I wasn't expecting that! "Oh my god, Is this real?" Kat excitedly exclaims.

Behind closed eyes and clenched teeth I manage to croak out, hoarsely, "I grew it myself."

Now Nikki is getting possessive, and she moves back and replaces Kat's hand with hers. Staring right at Kat with a big smile, she starts stroking me.

Eyes shut, I groan. I don't care anymore, except about that hand moving up and down my shaft. The rest is between them. Nikki spits on her hand, then strokes me harder. She's learning!

Kat says, "How can you do anything, with a cock that size, how can you....?"

Nikki whispers to me, "Let me show her." 

I don't care.

I feel her lips slide over my tip and suck. Her mouth is already very wet, almost drooling. Quickly, Nikki starts sliding her lips down over me. I open my eyes long enough to see that she and Kat are staring at each other.

Nikki is showing off now, and I feel my tip slip into her throat. It contracts a bit around me, but, to my amazement, she keeps going. Her throat is tight, and I am being squeezed, but I feel her relax, and she pushes further. Suddenly, I feel her lips press against my body, making me jump a little. 

I open my eyes to see my cock has disappeared, buried inside of her, and she is triumphantly smiling - at me now! Kat is leaning on the bed, staring at Kat, with a look of utter disbelief - and her hand between her legs, over her shorts. "How - how is that possible?" she says.

Out of breath, Nikki slides up off of me, like she has been doing it forever. With a smirk she says, "Practice - and a great teacher!" She gives me a saucy look.

Meanwhile, I was so close to cumming with my cock in Nikki's tight throat, and I don't give a damn about who won the fight. "Nikki, dammit, don't stop now!"

Nikki turns to me and says, "Ohhhh, sorry baby!"

She grasps me at the base, and is about to do it again, when Kat stops everything dead, saying shakily, "Can I try that?"

I don't even know this woman! I have met her quite a few times, but always, just to say hello when she drops by for a swim. I just can't believe it when Nikki, still holding me, steps aside and Kat moves next to the bed. She looks at me. She looks at Nikki. I don't care! Somebody do something!

She bends and I feel her lips on my tip. She manages to slide them over my head and I shudder. I have never had two women do anything to me together before, and the excitement is so intense, I'm afraid I will cum in her mouth, right now! 

She sucks on me, and I open my eyes, to see Nikki watching us as Kat tries to push down further. I also see that Kat is rubbing herself over her shorts, and a large wet spot has formed.

Her lips won't move on me and Nikki says, "You have to get your lips and mouth, and his cock really wet. I feel like a specimen in a class. I don't care. The lips feel soooo good. She does what she was told, and slides a little ways down me, then comes up gasping.

Nikki takes over and shoves her mouth down on me, not all the way but deep enough. She starts bobbing up and down. I am in heaven.

I open my eyes and smile at Nikki, loving the sight of her beautiful mouth filled with my cock. Then I notice that Kat's shorts are on the floor, and her hand is inside her panties. She is fingering herself frantically.

Finally, between gasps, she says to Nikki, "Can he actually fuck you with that? I mean - will it fit?

Nikki lifts her head, glances at me, then with another smirk at Kat, "Not only does he, but its GOT to be the worlds best fuck! Once I got used to it, it's a perfect fit!

With that, Nikki climbs on the bed and says to me, "We might as well show her, Don."

I DON'T FUCKING CARE!

She straddles me, grabs my cock and immediately pushes herself down onto it! She is dripping wet, of course, and it takes only a couple of stokes and she is sitting right on top of me, impaled on my cock. I gasp loudly, throwing my head back, eyes shut tight. Nikki gasps and wiggles on me, Kat gasps, and is fingering herself so hard I can hear the wet sounds. 

Nikki leans forward a little and starts fucking me, long fast strokes, wasting no time. She knows I have been on the edge forever now, and she is obviously burning up too, perhaps because of the unbelievable circumstances. Besides, she is performing for her closest friend. The sounds of sex fill the room, as her ass slaps down on me, and Kat starts sighing and moaning, then a strangling gasp and little whimpers as she cums on her fingers.

I am once again riding up the long slope, and Nikki is moving faster and faster, when I feel the bed move. I open my eyes to see Kat on the bed, about to straddle my face. She does, and her pussy, still dripping cum from her orgasm, is suddenly about 6 inches from my face. 

She erases that distance, and rams herself onto me, her lips directly on my mouth. Nikki and Kat are facing each other, riding me, as I start to kiss and lick Kat. She tastes great, and my tongue goes deeper into her for more. 
