 WEDNESDAY

I had to force the girls - and me - to go to work this am. We are going to have to get it together with a bit more discipline. Right now, all of any of us can think of is - us. At lunchtime I got a call from Nikki. I guess she had been talking to Kitty. It's Wednesday, and they are planning to bring clothes to last through Friday, so they won't have to go back to the apartment in the morning.

There is still the 800 pound gorilla hanging over us - Charli. Before the three of us can make any concrete plans for the future, Charli will have to go. After what she's done to me, it can't be too soon. But I don't know if she will resist leaving, and in any case, I don't want to destroy the relationship between Nikki and Charli, even though Nikki seems pretty reconciled to that happening.

If Charli leaves peacefully, I expect the girls will want to move in with me. Just the thought is very exciting and flattering, to me. It's still hard to believe that these gorgeous younger women want to be together with me as a threesome. But so far it seems to be working out perfectly. There is no way I could ever refuse it, since I am at least as excited about it as they are. Win or lose, I think it's going to be a great ride! 

I was beginning to feel lonely. Nikki and Kitty just got here, almost two hours after they got out of work. I knew they had to go to the apartment and get some things, but it seems they did a little shopping too. They came in giggling, and won't tell me what. Sometimes, being ganged up on can be fun!

God, I love this! After they got their stuff in the house, they came over and jumped on the couch where I'm sitting, one on each side. They were all over me, kissing, pawing, and of course stroking. I got so hard it hurt. But they won't let me touch them. "Just sit there and be good," they said. Now they get out the CD player, and put on some bump and grind recording they had. They are dancing in front of me now, and I have no doubt they will start stripping next. I can't wait! But I have a little surprise too, and I hope they are at least wearing panties. I managed to sneak some 20's out of my wallet.

Nikki moves in front of me, and I sit back and watch. Very slowly, she is unbuttoning her shirt. She already has a fuck-me smile on her face. There it goes, on the floor. She has on a white see-through bra, and her nipples are hard as a rock! God, she looks good enough to eat, which is just what I want to do! I have a hard-on the size of a baseball bat, and they both know it.

OH god! She runs her fingers along the top of the bra, then pushes it down just enough that her nipple pops free. And she's stroking it, making the most wonderful moaning sounds, and staring right at my cock! I'm just dying to touch her.

She's got me panting now. She straddles my lap, and takes her bra off. But she won't let me touch her! She tells me to be a good boy, and she knows damn well I'm not! Now she has those luscious breasts in her hands. She's squeezing and kneading them. Flicking and pulling at the nipple. Damn! I'm dying here!

She reaches down and pulls up my T-shirt, and tosses it to Kitty. Dammit she pushes my hands away, then leans forward to kiss me. She's just letting her nipples graze my chest. She giggles, then kisses me again. She's rolling her hips now, right up against my cock. Now I know what torture is. But I would not trade places with anyone at this moment.

She stands up, shakes her breasts so I can watch them jiggle. Now she is drawing slow circles around the nipples with her fingertips. OH godddddddddddd, she's pulling on them. I can't watch much more or I'll cum in my shorts. Finally! She turns, wiggles her ass at me, and dances away! 

And its Kitty's turn. She has on a T-shirt, and I can see there is no bra under it. Those long nipples make two big tents over her breasts. She knows I love her nipples, and she is rubbing them lightly, through the shirt. She sighs, a very real sigh. I guess the pleasure is not quite all mine. Nikki is giggling in the background.

She pulls the shirt up very slowly, and teases me before she finally lets it slide over her breasts, then over her head. She reaches down and undoes the button on her shorts, then slides the zipper down. I can see her black panties, just a bikini I think, and only her hips are holding her shorts up.

Oh DAMMIT! She starts to wiggle and shimmy, and the shorts slip lower and lower. I want to touch myself, but Nikki growls, "Stop that! You naughty boy!" I'll show her naughty! I foresee two spankings, already in the bank!

Finally, the shorts slide down Kitty's legs, and she kicks them off. Sure enough, black bikini panties. That and a smile is all she has on! And the damn panties look like they are soaking wet! And now, she strokes herself through the panties, then pulls them tight so I can see the outline of her pussy!

I may not live through this. I am moaning very audibly, and I can't stop myself. It's ok, because they love it, looking at each other and giggling. Kitty has one more trick in store. She reaches into her panties, moves her hand around, and comes out with a very wet finger. And offers it to me! Of course I suck and lick it clean. I smack my lips in appreciation, very real appreciation. 

She is about to dance back and give Nikki her turn, but I beckon to her with my fingers, and tell her to turn around. She won't get too close, but does as told. I pull out two 20's and stuff them in the waist band of her panties. Then give her ass a smack! She gives a shriek and runs back to Nikki, but when they realize what I've done, they break down in peals of laughter.

It's Nikki again. She comes forward holding her breasts, squeezing slowly. The Nipples are rock hard, of course. She lets go and shakes, then twirls around, her breasts bouncing back and forth. She knows I love her breasts and she is torturing me with them. 

She tells me to lie back and stretch my legs out. At arm's length, she reaches down and undoes my shorts. Then she grabs the legs and orders me to lift up as she pulls them off. I'm wearing briefs, and my cock is a giant lump in them. There is a big wet spot from my pre-cum. 

She backs up and undoes her shorts. She wiggles and sways as she slowly slides them down her legs to her knees. Then she lets them slide off to reveal a sheer white bikini, and kicks the shorts away. Now Nikki and Kitty have only bikini underwear on. 

Kitty comes over next to Nikki. The black and white contrast is striking, and obviously well planned. They are swaying back and forth in front of me, arms in the air. Then they lower their hands, and each of them puts one hand on a breast and the other on her pussy. Slowly, they pull and tease their nipples, and rub and stroke themselves over the panties. I'm betting they can see my cock throb. I hope I'm not drooling. Too badly.

When a different song starts playing they dance over to me, and each reaches a hand down. They pull the waist band of my briefs down, and let my cock free. Of course, it's standing straight up! But they won't touch me. 

They move back and dance slowly again, using opposite hands now. But this time, they push the panties aside and rub their pussies! Slowly, up and down their lips. Then inside. I can see their fingers are getting all wet as they rub between their legs. When they each slide two fingers into themselves, I am about to faint. They both turn in a circle, slowly, as they dance, and I use the opportunity when they can't see to grasp myself and start to slowly stroke. 

When they turn back to me they don't complain. Instead, they watch, fingering themselves and pulling their nipples as they watch me stroke my cock. All three of us are moaning and gasping now, so loud we almost drown out the music. 

They come to me again and pull my briefs off of me. Then, they each strip off their own panties.

Kitty comes to me first. She makes me take my hand away. Then she straddles my legs and slides up so her naked pussy presses against my bare cock. She rolls her hips so that she slides up and down against me. I am shuddering, afraid I may cum. All three of us are staring. I don't know who is moaning the loudest. I try to reach for her breasts, but she pushes me away. At least, she is moaning and shuddering as much as I am. 

Finally, the torture ends, to be replaced by another. Kitty stands and backs away from me, stroking her pussy and pulling her nipples, and Nikki moves in front of me. Instead of straddling me she pushes my knees apart and kneels between them. She looks up at me, then lowers her head, and very slowly runs her tongue up my shaft. Over and over. Her fingers are holding both nipples, pulling and squeezing them. She gives the tip of my shaft a kiss, and backs away from me again. 

Kitty comes back and straddles my legs again. But this time, she presses herself down on my cock! At last, AT LONG LAST! I slide inside of her as she slowly lowers herself onto me. She stares into my eyes as she slowly strokes up and down. She is so hot and wet she takes me in only a few moments, sitting down on my lap, cock buried inside her, and rotates her hips. She rubs her hand up and down the bulge in her belly so I can see - and feel - her hand. She has her eyes closed, and is totally concentrating on fucking me.

Nikki comes over and climbs on the couch next to me. She leans over and kisses me, softly first, then hard, tongue deep in my mouth. Her breasts are touching my chest, and now, no one objects when I take her breasts in my hands.

Kitty is moaning louder now, pumping herself up and down on my cock. I reach one hand out and gently grasp a breast. To my surprise, Nikki does the same. Kitty gasps loudly and starts ramming her self up and down on me. She is shaking and shuddering, and in a matter of moments, cums with a loud yelp followed by and extended hoarse moan. Nikki I and pull her to us and hug and kiss her. 

Kitty slides off me and trades places with Nikki, who quickly takes her place on my cock. She can take me all in one stroke now when she is very wet, and she starts fucking me hard, while Kitty kisses and hugs me. Nikki has learned she can get me off by being rough, and she does not hold back. She is pounding down on my cock, hoarsely whispering to me. "Come on, Don, fuck me! Give it to me, I won't break! I want your cum to spurt out my mouth! Make your little Nikki ride your great big cock!"

It's a little corny, and she is really doing all the work. Even so, it's intensely exciting to know how much she loves being fucked by me. I throw my head back, eyes closed, and concentrate only on the feeling of my cock being held captive by her pussy. I grab her and crush her to my chest as my cum shoots inside her. Her moan tells me she is with me, cumming on the cock that has her impaled. I hear Kitty yelling, "Yes, yes, yes, that's beautiful!" as she kisses and hugs both of us. 

DAMN! I am overwhelmed. I can't believe they have done this for me. Softly, I say, "Bedroom, now! Please."

I put my arms around their waists and we walk together, pausing only at the door. They climb on the bed first, and are sitting together against the headboard, smiling at me. I climb up and crawl over to them. On my knees, I look at them for a moment, then gather both of them in my arms, crushing them to me. I could almost cry. With my head against their shoulders, I tell them in a quiet voice, "That was the most exciting thing anyone has ever done for me. I can't believe you are so thoughtful and so loving. NO erotic show could be so beautifully done. And the ending was best of all of course! Thank you for making me feel so wanted and ... and loved!"

Nikki kisses me and says, "Remember, Don, you told us we would be three equal parts. We love how you take care of us, but we wanted you to realize we know it is our responsibility to take care of you, too.

Kitty adds, "You didn't have to accept me at all. You and Nikki had already found something wonderful before I knew anything about it. I was being selfish, wanting what Nikki had, but you both took me in as a part of it, with no reservation, and made sure I was every bit as happy and secure as you are." I want you to know I will treasure your faith in me."

"I know now how close the two of you are," I whisper to them. "Without each other you would both be missing a part of yourselves. And that is what is going to make this work for us!"

Nothing else needs to be said. We kiss and hug indiscriminately. The fact that we are naked, in bed together, has nothing to do with what we feel at this moment. I cannot imagine two more beautiful people to be with. We are lovers, but we are a family.

We snuggle together with a warm feeling of contentment and satisfaction, and soon, in the twilight, we doze off together. I wake, around 11, to the feeling of hands running across my shoulders. It feels wonderful, and for a moment I don't give away my waking. Finally, I reach out and return the touches. Kitty kisses me, and Nikki whispers in my ear, "Come with us, Don, we want to play."

We all get up and they lead me through the darkened house to the back door. Nikki slides it open, and says, "We want to go for a swim in the moonlight!" 

It is, indeed, a full moon, and our naked bodies glow in the moonlight as we go quietly to the pool. I put my arms around their waists, and we jump in together. The water is so warm! Retaining the heat from the bright sun. They cling to me, and we playfully splash and kiss in the bright darkness.

Suddenly, I pull apart from them and dive under the water yelling, "Oh my god, it's got me!" 

They can't see into the water, but the moonlight lets me see well enough to find a pair of legs. I reach out and grab the ankles and pull, and with a shriek half muffled by the water, Nikki comes flying down to the bottom with me. I hold her down long enough to point to Kitty, still standing, wondering what just happened. We surface together, behind her, and we grab her and pull her under with us, before she knows we are there. 

Seconds later we all surface, gasping and spitting and giggling. Kitty turns and jumps on me, trying to pull me down, but I manage to fend her off and duck her once again. But when she comes back up, I get double teamed, pushed deep under the surface. I don't fight too hard, and wait till they let me up.

Then it occurs to me. We are playing like 10 year-olds, and here I am with two beautiful women, touching them indiscriminately, without a second thought. And we all love it! 

We all paddle around a little, and spend a lot of time just touching each other. Somehow, it feels so sexy in the water, in the darkness. Nikki comes to me for a kiss, then Kitty comes up behind me and puts her arms around me, rubbing against me. I feel two hands on me, stroking me. I'm not even sure who each one belongs to, but the girls are having fun playing, and giggling. They make me incredibly hard. Kitty tries pulling herself underwater down my legs, then sucking on me, but that doesn't work out too well, and she comes up coughing and sputtering.

While I take a slow lap around the pool, I can see the two of them whispering. Suppressing a giggle, then giving each other a sisterly kiss. When I paddle back to them I notice Kitty moves back a little, as Nikki comes to me and puts her arms around my neck. She kisses me very softly, and we "make out" for a while in the warm, dark water. Her body, pressing softly against me, feels wonderful, and I can feel her nipples harden against my chest. 

She presses closer, and as she feels me harden, allows me to slide between her legs, and very softly and slowly glides her pussy lips back and forth over me. This is a wonderful feeling, and I realize, a little different from the orgiastic sex the three of us have been indulging in. I suddenly realize, one on one is wonderful too, and a much closer feeling than bodies just rubbing and playing together.

"Don, please make love to me," she whispers very softly between lingering kisses. For a moment I worry about Kitty, who has been amusing herself across the pool. "Don't worry, Kitty knows, she will take her turn when she is ready for it. Or you are. 

Her arms tighten, and she kisses me harder, long and deep, squeezing her legs against the hard shaft between them. I take her hand and lead her quietly out of the pool, pausing in the moonlight and the cool air long enough for another deep kiss. Then I put my arm around her and we walk slowly to the house. 

I tell her to wait inside the door, as I go and get a giant terrycloth towel, and gently dry her off, then she returns the favor for me. Towel thrown aside, I wrap her in my arms and kiss her once more, the passion deepening and fires burning ever hotter as our tongues play and our lips grind. She presses her body against me, moving, squirming, writhing. Her marvelous breasts are flattened against my chest, but the rock hard nipples are drilling holes. I slide one arm under her cheeks and lift her in my arms, slowly carrying her to the bedroom.

I gently lay her on the bed, then climb up next to her, and she rolls over to me, sliding her arms around me. I can hear her purring as she pulls herself against me. For a long while we lie side by side, kissing and stroking each other softly. My cock is hard, between us, but we both ignore it, the feeling of being together is so powerful. We hear the TV playing, as Kitty has come inside, and is leaving us to ourselves.

I begin to kiss Nikki all over her face, then her ears, throat and shoulders. She stretches and moans, her body moving slowly against me. Gradually, I kiss lower, towards her breasts, and she rolls back slightly, offering them to me. I kiss the tops of each one, then the outsides, then in between. I run my lips and tongue in the creases beneath each one. Finally, I kiss and lick slowly up and over one, till I find the burning nipple, and as my lips slip lightly over it, I feel her hand gently grasp my cock, I suck and kiss softly, and the hand moves very slowly over me, the fingers barely holding on. The sensation is almost unbearable, and I quickly grow to full hardness. 

She squeezes harder, hand sliding my full length, as I suck her into my mouth, tongue grinding against the nipple, teeth playfully grazing it. When I finally catch it and pull up, she groans, her back arches, and her hips lift. Her hand has stopped moving, now squeezing tightly.

I slide my palm down over her firm tummy and very slowly inch toward her pussy, teasing with my fingertips when I feel the beginning of the mound. Her hips are already rolling and grinding, very slowly. I spread my fingers and slide one fingertip down the outside of each of her lips, gently touching them. I love the quiet little noises she is making at every touch. I stroke her pussy with my fingertips, not touching the center, until finally, I slide one finger very lightly up the crease between her lips, not allowing it to slip between. She is writhing on the bed, lifting herself to my hand, wanting more. 

I continue stroking, while suckling at each nipple for a few moments more, then kiss and lick between her breasts and slowly down. When I reach her tummy I shift myself to between her legs, as she spreads them wide for me. I run a hand up the outside of each thigh, to her hip, then back down the front of them. I gently lift her knees up a little, then start kissing the inside of her right thigh from the knee up. Very slowly I kiss, lick and nip, coming so close to her pussy she can feel my hot breath on it, but never touching. 

Already, juices are running from her pussy. I start at the knee again and kiss my way up the left thigh. Now she is slowly pumping her pussy up and down, rhythmically moaning to her own beat.

Slowly I slide my hands up the front of her thighs again, and up till they meet at her bellybutton. Very lightly, I lap up the drops of moisture running from her pussy, barely touching. Even so, she jumps at the faintest touch. Gently, I lick and kiss the outside of her lips, then slide my tongue down her now-open slit, tasting her. Sliding back up, I press to the bottom of her slit, collecting all the juices running there. She can't lie still, and I feel her shudder each time I touch her. 
