 Saturday (Final Chapter)

I get home in time to picka up a few telltale signs of the girls before Charli arrives. Of course she does, just about on time. But when she does, I get a surprise. She walks in wearing shorts and a T-shirt, and she has no luggage. She has a very strange look on her face. 

I am about to greet her, then broach the subject as best I can, but she cuts me off. 

"Don, I have something to say to you. I am moving out. I am very sorry to do this to you, but I have another relationship, and I am going to pursue it. I know this must be a shock, and there is no easy way to say this." Obviously, a rehearsed speech.

I am about to collapse. I cannot believe what I just heard. A week ago I would have been upset, distraught. Now, I am ecstatic! I am just hoping I have not misunderstood! Things just don't work out this well!

She goes on, "I want to pick up some of my things today, I only really need my clothes and personal items. Don't worry, I won't make any claims on anything that belongs to you. I'd like to come back next week and pick up whatever is left. For now I'll just fill a couple of suitcases and clean out my closet." 

I think she's done. But I have already decided I won't make it quite so easy for her. 

"I'm glad to hear that Charli, because I was about to tell you that you have to leave. Charli, I know about you and your boss. And I know it has been going on for a year now. If it was once, I might try to forgive it, but it is far beyond that now. In a way, your lack of interest in me has made it much easier."

I go on, "Charli, we had a great ride while it lasted. I won't forget that. It's over, and I'm glad you came to that conclusion too. I want your key, and if you call ahead, I'll be happy to let you pick up whatever you have left over.

She has turned white, stunned. She has lost the high ground. I don't really care, but I want her to realize it is really over and there will be no turning back.

"Don, I...I... how did you...? I tried to be so careful and so discreet."

"Charli, for a long time you got away with it. I found out almost by accident. That's all you need to know. If it matters, at one time, I was in love with you. Now, go ahead and get anything you want. But first, the key, please."

She doesn't even respond. She fumbles in her purse and finds the key and hands it to me. She heads upstairs to the master bedroom and starts emptying drawers. I find a couple of suitcases and bring them up for her. I go in her closet and lift all the hangers off the poles and put them on the bed. I find a box and carefully place all her shoes in it. She has her dresser empty and the suitcases full. I carry them downstairs and to the door. When I look out I see a large SUV that looks like one I saw in her boss's driveway. Great! It will hold all this stuff.

I put the clothes from the closet on the back seat, and the suitcases and the boxes in the rear. When I go back upstairs, she is standing in the middle of the room, looking around. 

"I...I guess, that's about it for now." Her demeanor has changed; there are tears in her eyes. 

I tell her softly, "Charli, when you think of something you need, call me."

She starts, "Oh Don, we were good together, I didn't mean..."

"It's ok Charli, its over. It was good. Now it's done. You have whatever it is you want." I step over to her and kiss her cheek. "Goodbye, Charli, if you need something, call." I listen to her steps down the stairs, then hear the door shut. I watch out the window as the SUV pulls away. I have a little lump in my throat, too.

I rush to the phone. Nikki answers. I begin, "I love you!" She giggles and calls to Kitty, who picks up the other line. "I love you both!"

They both start chattering over one another, wanting to know what happened. I simply say, "Can you come over for a swim?"

"When?"

"Now!"

"I love you!"

"I love you!"

Both phones slam down. I can't even get the words out of my mouth. But they know. 

10 minutes later, I hear Nikki's car slide to a stop in the drive. How they got here that fast, I have no idea. The two of them come tearing in the door, and tackle me. I end up on the couch with them on top of me. 

"I love you! I love you! What happened? Where is she? How long can we stay? I love you! I love you both!"

When they finally calm down a bit, I hold one in each arm, and tell them what happened. They go wild! Jumping up and down, dancing around the room, stopping to kiss me, then doing it all again!

Finally, Nikki jumps on the couch next to me, kisses me about 20 times, and asks, "Do you really want to go for that swim?"

"Sure, if you want, after all, this really all started in the pool." 

They find the suits that they brought, and head for the bedroom, but the door is closed, and they look at me. 

"You can change in there if you want, but your room is upstairs now," I smile.

They both gasp, and go tearing up the stairs. But they don't come down for a few minutes. When they do, they are both still dressed. 

Kitty says, "We can go for that swim later, right now we are going shopping!" The both kiss me, with more "I love you"s, and are gone out the door. 

An hour later they are back, loaded down with gigantic bags and a back seat full of pillows. They have bought a complete set of bedding, from the mattress pad, up. They drag everything up the stairs and tell me to stay put. 15 minutes later, they call me. I go up the stairs and find the lights now have dim 15 watt bulbs. There is a sweet, flowery smell in the air. The bed is made, but one side is turned down, and I can see smooth satin sheets, the bottom is a rich burgundy, and the top is a soft gold. There are twice as many pillows as needed, three burgundy, three gold. There is a deep gold blanket that contrasts with the top sheet. 

Then I spot the girls. They have changed into pajamas. Tight and clingy, and so sheer, I can see through them! They have bare midriffs and half-thigh length bottoms. They pirouette and stick their bottoms out at me. I have spent almost a week in bed with my girls, but the sight of them is enough to make me feel the tension between my legs again. Then I notice, there is a set of pajamas laid out for me at the foot of the bed. 

As I walk closer, they come over to me, and I put an arm around each of them. I smile and quietly say to them, "I love you both, so very much. Welcome home girls!" I lean down and kiss each of them long and tenderly as we enjoy a three-way hug.

They look at each other, then literally rip my clothes off. Nikki helps me on with the short vest-type top and, and Kitty pulls my briefs down, give my cock a quick pull when she sees it's already partially swollen, and holds the bottoms for me to step into. The bottom is very short, and very snug, leaving me with a very obvious bulge when she pulls it up on me. She rubs again, making the bulge a little bigger, whispers, "I love you", and turns me around so Nikki can see. 

Nikki looks, and bites her lip. She smiles right at me as she reaches up and pinches her nipple through the thin silky top. Then she runs her other hand down between her legs, and slowly rubs herself. I get a big grin from her as she sees my cock harden and swell. 

Kitty moves up behind me and puts her arms around me. One hand is on my bare stomach. The other finds the bulge of my swollen cock. Her body is pressing against me, her pussy against my ass. And she is slowly rolling her hips. I wonder if she knows what I do. Very shortly, she is going to get fucked if she keeps it up. I smile as I realize, she's hoping... no, she is planning on it!

Nikki is watching, and stares at me. She pulls the neck of her halter top down until her breast is exposed. She wets a finger and rubs the hard nipple. Her hand slips into the PJ bottom, and I can see her rubbing her pussy. They are both about to get fucked. And they know it! 

Kitty is stroking me slowly. Nikki pulls her bottom down around her thighs, so I can see her pussy. She runs her fingers up and down her lips, then spreads her legs a little, and slides her fingers into herself. Kitty slides her hand inside my bottoms and grasps me. She strokes me as I watch Nikki. She is kissing my back. Nikki licks her lips, and her fingers move in and out. Kitty pulls my bottoms down over my cock, holding it so Nikki can watch, as she strokes me slowly. I am so hard I am standing at attention. 

Nikki silently mouths, "I love you", and slides her fingers out of herself. I can see they are dripping wet. She slowly raises them to her mouth and licks them. My cock is throbbing. Kitty moves around from behind me, and runs both hands up and down my cock. She pulls her halter top over her head, and pulls on her long nipples as I watch. Dropping to her knees, she slides her lips over me, slowly taking me deeper and deeper, as she smiles up at me. She looks wonderful with my big cock filling her mouth!

Nikki slowly slides her bottoms down and steps out of them, then rubs herself again. She comes over to us and watches as Kitty swallows my cock. My hips are rolling, pushing even deeper into Kitty's throat. Nikki runs her hands over my chest, and kisses me, tongue deep in my mouth. She runs her hand over Kitty's hair and says, "I want him, baby." Then she pulls the halter top over her head, helps me slip out of the satin vest, walks to the bed, and pulls the covers down. 

She slides to the center of the smooth satin sheets, puts two pillows under her head, and one under her ass, and lies back, watching Kitty slurping down my cock. She slides her fingers back into her pussy and slowly strokes as she waits. 

When she's ready, Kitty slowly slides her mouth off of me and stands and kisses and hugs me. She whispers against my chest, "Christen our new bed well, lover!" Then she takes my hand and leads me to the bed. I hold her tight and kiss her long and hard, before saying softly, "I love you, Kitty. Please watch us, the christening will not be complete till I have you both." She goes to the far side of the bed and lies near the edge, so she can be close to us.

Nikki is beautiful as I stare down at her. Her tanned naked body looks wonderful against the deep burgundy sheet, her black hair set off by the gold pillow. Her ankle sparkles in the dim light. I slide across the sheets next to her and kiss her gently. She puts her hand on the back of my head and pulls my lips to hers. My hand slides over her smooth skin, past her tummy and over her swollen pussy. My tongue goes deep into her mouth and my finger slides between her lips. Her hips lift up to welcome my hand. 

I raise my head, then lower my lips over her hardened nipple, nursing contentedly as my fingers slowly slide in and out of her. She is moaning softly, telling me how good it feels. Her little hand grasps my cock and holds me, squeezing softly. My lips suck her breast in deeper, and my tongue swirls and grinds against the rock hard tip. Her hand is stroking me slowly up and down. I begin to shudder with the pleasure, and I can feel her body shaking under my hand.

Lifting my head, I take one more kiss from her lips, then move between her legs as she spreads them wide for me. The new pillow holds her at a perfect angle. Smiling at me, she grasps my cock and slips it into herself, then watches, as I slowly slide deeper and deeper into her. She moans as I press the last inches home, impaling her on my cock. She slides her hand down, stroking her abdomen, feeling the bulge of me inside her. 

Silently I mouth, "I love you, honey," as I start sliding slowly in and out of her. She moans with each gentle thrust, her hips lifting, wanting more. Quickly the speed and strength increases, and I am slapping lightly against her body. She grasps her nipples and smiles at me as she pulls and tugs at them. She knows how I love it when she stretches them out. 

Spurred on by the sight, I begin ramming my cock deep into her, and the bed begins to softly creak as it rocks back and forth. Her hips are no longer rolling, instead they lift with a hard push, meeting each thrust and driving me deeper into her. We are both grunting and gasping with the force of each stroke. She pushes her head back into the pillow, her hands are little balls next to her head, and she moans, "Please, lover!"

I ram myself into her harder and faster, feeling her tighten around me, and as her back arches, she screams and bucks, and her pussy is contracting around me over and over. I would love to cum with her, but I bite my lip and hang on. Kitty is waiting and watching, and I want this to be special for her too. 

As her orgasm subsides, I slide slowly out of Nikki and lie next to her. I wrap my arms around her and let her snuggle against me. I whisper in her ear very softly, holding her head against my lips, "Oh, honey, you are so beautiful, and such a wonderful lover. I hope you know how precious you are to me and how much I love being with you." She purrs, and we kiss tenderly, our bodies pressed together. 

She whispers back, "I know, Don, you show me every time we make love. I am so in love with you. And Kitty. We are all wonderful together. I can't wait to watch you and Kitty make love, you are such beautiful lovers. Make tonight special for her too." Another long, loving kiss.

We both turn to Kitty, who has been so patient, waiting for us. "Come here, baby," Nikki says, and we pull her into our arms. 

The girls kiss softly, and Nikki whispers something to her that I can't hear. Kitty turns to me, and wraps her arms around me. I know she is totally aroused from our foreplay, and then watching Nikki with me. Her hand grasps me and slowly strokes. She whispers to me, "Oh god, Don, I want you so bad. And I am so happy to be here with you and Nikki. I feel like we are home now."

"We are home now, baby, the three of us. There is no going back. I don't want this to ever change. I love you."

Our bodies and our lips grind together. As she strokes me, I slide my hand down and cover her pussy, squeezing, teasing, fingertips stroking. She is already very wet, and I slip my fingers inside her, matching the strokes of her hand on my cock. She makes wonderful sighing and moaning sounds, and her hips roll as her pussy grasps my fingers. I kiss one of her nipples and suck it in, while my fingertips find the other and stroke and play with it softly. She arches her back and pushes herself deeper into my mouth, where my tongue strokes and plays with her long thick nipple.

Her body is moving against me, rocking from the sensations of my hands and mouth on her. Her head is back, eyes closed. She whimpers each time I touch a new spot. Finally I lift my mouth from her breast, and whisper softly to her, "Baby, I am about to devour you!" She smiles, and moans sweetly at the thought. 

Kneeling between her knees, I lift one leg, resting her ankle on my shoulder. I turn my head, and kiss and lick her calf, while running my hands up and down her leg, all the way to the top of her thigh. She squirms, and her hips move slowly. I nibble my way to her ankle and kiss the sparkly bracelet, then down to her knee. Her smooth skin feels wonderful on my lips and tongue. She is lying with her head back, eyes closed.

But Nikki, who is lying next to us, whispers to her, "Watch him baby, this is for you!" Kitty opens her eyes and smiles at me, and Nikki helps adjust the pillows under her head. I keep my eyes on her as I run both hands up and down her thigh, fingers spread, one hand outside, one hand inside. She is gasping at the feeling, and can't take her eyes off my hands. I kiss the inside of her knee, and move slowly downward, kissing, licking, gently nipping. Her other leg moves on the bed, knee bending and unbending. She can't lie still. 

As my lips move lower and lower down the inside of her thigh, I move one hand to her body, and rub gently from her belly button to the beginning of her mound. Her hips are moving rhythmically now. I catch a fold of her flesh between my teeth, and growl softly as my tongue rubs against it. I am very careful not to hurt or bruise her. I want her to realize how badly I want her. 

Her breath is coming in deep gasps now, her chest rising and falling. I kiss almost to the top of her thigh, letting her feel my hot breath on her open, swollen, wet pussy. My fingertips trail down over the outside of her lips. I touch her entrance and moisten my finger from the juices glistening there. Very slowly I bring it to my mouth as she watches, and lick and suck it clean. I let her hear my moan of pleasure. I want lots more, and I am about to have it. 

Looking up at her, I lower my lips to her pussy and kiss lightly. She shudders, and her hips lift to me. I kiss up over her pussy, then slip my tongue between her lips and slowly slide it down between them. She is so wet her juices overflow, and I lap them up, never taking my eyes from her. She is hardly breathing, and can't take her eyes from mine. Her hands are little fists at her sides. 

I slide my hands over her hips and hold her as I press my mouth against her, sliding my tongue inside her, drinking the nectar I find there. I grind my mouth against her, my tongue swirling deep inside. Her ass lifts off the bed, and she puts her hand on my head, pushing me down on her. I slide my hands under her cheeks and bury my face, devouring her sweetness. 

Her hips are rolling uncontrollably as my tongue slides up her slit and finds her swollen bud, and I suck it between my lips, bathing it with my tongue. I squeeze and tease, and she begins to shudder and buck. My tongue grinds harder and she cums for me, her juices wetting my face. As she whimpers and moans, I lick her clean.

When she calms, I look up, my wet face smiling, and whisper, "I love you, baby."

She wants to turn to get on her knees, as she usually does, but I say softly, "No baby, please, watch me make love to you. Let me see your face." She settles back on the pillows and I move up over her, my hands at her sides. I lean down and kiss her gently. Her hand goes to the back of my head and she pulls me down and kisses me hard and long.

I sit back for a moment, on my knees, and let her watch as I stroke my hard cock, my desire for her building every moment. She spreads her legs wide on the bed, knees bent, and I move forward, guiding myself into her. "Watch, baby," I whisper, and slide slowly into her. 

Her eyes are wide as she sees me disappear into her body. She puts her hand on her abdomen and feels me there. As I start to slide slowly in and out of her, she can feel me moving inside her. I see a strange look of anticipation, almost fear. "Oh Don!" she moans softly, her breath catching.

As I lean forward, I place my hands on the bed next to her again. Smiling at her, I begin thrusting harder and faster, listening to the wet slap of our bodies, and watching her breasts jiggle each time our bodies meet. I can feel her matching my thrusts, her hips lifting and pushing against me. Her eyes are where our bodies are joined, and she seems transfixed by the sight of me sliding in and out of her. 

Her head goes back, and her eyes close, her breathing ragged now, like my own. Knowing I can't last much longer, I hope she feels as much passion as I do. Suddenly I feel her lifting up, ramming herself against me and she starts chanting.

"Oh, oh, oh, yes, oh yes, yes yes, fuck meeeeeeeeeeee, fuck meeeeeeeeeee."

Her voice and the force of her thrusts sends me to the edge, gasping, fighting for breath. "Baby, oh baby, NOW NOW NOW!"

I ram deep into her four times, then a final coup de grace. My hips are bucking, grinding. I feel the explosion flow through me and detonate deep inside her. My cock is spurting, pumping, filling her, as I lose all control. I feel her body lift beneath me as a rising crescendo escapes from her lips. Her pussy clamps down on me and I can feel the waves rippling through her body. We cannot stop moving against each other, as the reverberations go on and on.
