 THURSDAY

The day at work went by like - well, it just didn't. I checked the clock to see if it had stopped. The memory of my time with Nikki was incredibly exciting. I spent the day hiding a hard-on in my office, just thinking about it. I had forgotten how beautiful real lovemaking could be, after the wild sessions with the girls. They were wonderful too - beyond my wildest dreams. But I realized, one cannot replace the other. 

As I pull into the drive, I almost run into Kitty's car. Normally the girls are almost an hour later than I am, so I am a little concerned, but perhaps she just wanted a swim, before we all got together. I walk into the house and notice it smells nice, really nice, like coconut and vanilla. I find the source, a candle in the living room. Well, if Kitty is responsible, nothing bad happened, anyhow. 

Then I find Kitty. She's lying on the couch, smiling up at me. It's what she's wearing that surprises me. A schoolgirl outfit, with a blouse that buttons up the front, and an ultra-short pleated skirt. A pair of sheer white thigh-high stockings completes the outfit. I can see she is wearing a bra, because the shirt is partly unbuttoned, and I'm guessing, probably panties too. She looks spectacularly sexy.

"Hi, baby!" I smile. "What are you doing home so early? And what's up with the great outfit, and the yummy candle?"

She gets up slowly, folding her legs so I can't see under the skirt. Without a word she comes to me, folds her arms around my neck, and gives me sweet little teasing kisses. She avoids pressing herself against me. Of course, I go along, although with last night still fresh in my memory, I can feel myself swelling, already. 

"MMmmmmm, Don," she purrs into my mouth. I hope it's Ok. Listening to you and Nikki last night, while I pretended to watch TV, was so wonderful."

She smiles up at me between her little nibbling kisses. "It made me so incredibly hot! And I was so happy for Nikki. But then, Nikki called me, three times before noon, to tell me about it all over again. I was burning. Finally, I asked the boss for a couple of hours off, and he said sure. I called Nikki and said I would like to spend a little time with you too. She will be a few hours late tonight."

Suddenly, a shadow clouds her face. "Oh Don! I hope you don't mind! I mean, I didn't ask you."

In answer, I put my arms around her, and hold her tenderly, while pressing my lips to hers in a long, sweet kiss. We sit together on the couch. I murmur to her between kisses, "Kitty - baby, don't you realize yet how truly special you both are to me? Knowing you want me like this you makes me feel wonderful. Just knowing you both chose me when you could have most anyone is more exciting than I can ever really tell you. Never ever be afraid to ask when you need me in any way."

She presses herself a little harder against me, and opens her mouth to my tongue. I slide it gently along her lips, then slip it just inside, where it finds hers. They play gently as I move my hands over her slowly. Up and down her sides, down the outside of her hip and thigh. The smooth material of the blouse feels nice under my fingers, and I love feeling the soft curves of her body. 

A thought occurs to me. "Baby, do you realize this is the first time we have been truly alone together?"

She presses herself tighter to me and Whispers, "Yes, and I realize it will be far from the last, too. I feel very special that you want to be with just me."

"I have been waiting for this chance," I reply.

We sit holding each other and just "make out". It is a pleasure to just be with her and touch her gently, and feel her touch on me. We don't touch any "special places", just run our hands slowly over each other. Gradually, my cock hardens a little, but she doesn't touch me there and I don't want her to.

I stroke her hair and my fingers tease her ears, she nuzzles my neck. Feelings build within us so gradually, we hardly notice. Just being close, her nestled against me, feels best of all. She reaches up for another kiss, and my arms tighten around her. Our tongue tips touch lightly, but only to say hello. Her soft sigh warms me.

"Mmmmm, Don, this feels wonderful."

You feel wonderful, Kitty, I'm so happy to be with you."

She gives me a glowing, radiant smile, and a little squeeze. I squeeze her back, and pull her closer to me. We kiss again, more deeply. This time her lips open and my tongue slip into her mouth. Our tongues gently play. I feel the first shivers of excitement. She stretches, then presses her body into mine. 

When our lips part again, she smiles and a little giggle escapes her lips. "Oh Don," she whispers, "This makes me feel like a teenager again." You are making me so incredibly hot!"

"I know baby, me too," I murmur as my hands run over her body. But the best thing is, we can take our time and enjoy every moment, and every delicious touch. 

Her saucy tongue sneaks out and licks the tip of my nose. In response, I pull her hard against me, and catch her earlobe in my teeth. I pull it gently, then suck it into my mouth, my warm breath in her ear. She arches her back with a long soft moan, and as she does, I slide my hand over her shirt, finding her breast beneath it. She pushes herself against my hand as I squeeze her. 

My hand slides to the buttons of the shirt, and begins to undo them, and I feel her hand slide over my cock, and grip it gently through my pants. She rubs slowly, feeling him harden under her touch. I pull her shirt free of her skirt, and open it wide. She is wearing a lacy white bra, and smiles as I stop to admire her in it. She wiggles a little for me, enjoying my eyes on her, knowing I like what I see. "Cock teaser!!" I exclaim with a grin. She giggles again.

"I'm your cock pleaser too, Don, any time you want it," she murmurs, and her hand starts stroking me steadily.

Now we kiss long and hard, our breathing deepens. I come up for air, and gasp into her ear, "Kitty, baby, come on, let's get comfortable."

Taking her hand, I help her up off the couch. We can't resist another long kiss, standing there. She still has her bra and skirt on, and I am still dressed, but she works on the buttons of my shirt and soon has it on the floor. I pull my T-shirt off as her hands run up and down my chest. She presses against me again for another kiss, and her lacy bra presses against me. Hardly taking my lips from hers, I lead her to the bedroom, where we share yet another standing kiss. 

Our passion has blossomed, now, and we can hardly take our lips and hands from each other. My fingers fumble the clasps of her bra free, and she lets it fall to the floor, a big smile on her face as she sees me staring at her. She decides to perform for me a little, taking a step back and cupping her breasts and squeezing them for me. 

She has a twinkle in her eye as she slides one hand down over her bare stomach, and rubs between her legs over the little skirt. She is teasing me again, because she knows I love it! I tease back, lowering my hand to the bulge in my pants, and rubbing slowly over it. Both of us moan at the same time, then laugh together at our simultaneous reaction. I whisper, "Take it off, please baby, I want to see you touch yourself."

She giggles and says, "Only if you do too lover, I want to see your touch yourself too!"

Taking the challenge, I stare at her as I unfasten my buckle and undo the button on my pants. She reaches to her side and unfastens the skirt, and it hits the floor at the same moment as my pants. I have on my briefs, and she has cute bikini panties with multi-colored polka-dots. We watch each other, as I slide my hand over the bulge of my hardened cock and rub slowly back and forth, and she puts her hand between her legs and strokes her pussy.

I have never done this before, and it feels unbelievably sexy. She slips her hand under the panties, and I can see it moving on her pussy, stroking up and down over her lips. I follow and reach into my briefs, grasping myself and stroking slowly. It feels wonderful, knowing she is watching every movement, just as I am. 

She whispers softly, "Please lover, take him out and stroke him for me." 

Slowly, for her benefit, I pull my cock up out of my briefs, and stroke myself while staring into her eyes. She slides her panties down over her legs, still wearing her sheer white thigh-highs, then stands, smiling at me, running a finger up and down her slit. The scene is so erotic my legs are shaking, my hand trembling. In a shaky voice, I whisper, "Kitty, do you have any idea what you're doing to me?"

"I hope it's as good as what's happening to me," she replies. She grins and holds up her finger. It is dripping wet. 

I step towards her and say, "Please."

She holds her finger out to me, and I lick it clean. Mmmmmmmmmm.

Dropping to her knees, she smiles up and me and says, "Gimme." She takes my cock from my hand and slowly and gently begins to stroke it. Her other hand is still between her legs, stroking herself. She leans forward and kisses the tip, licking off the pre-cum, already dripping from it. I shudder, and put one hand on the bed. She rubs him against her soft cheek, nuzzling him. "I am in love with him, you know," she breathes against him. 

"He loves you too, baby," I reply hoarsely, barely able to speak at all. 

She takes the tip in her mouth, and softly sucks and kisses him, making no attempt to swallow him deeper. I am no longer able to stand, and I sit on the edge of the bed, as her mouth performs magic on him. Never have lips felt so good. I run my hands softly over her hair. I can hear and feel her moaning softly as her lips stroke him lightly. She looks up with shining eyes, and takes her lips from him long enough to mouth the words, "Thank you." Of course, I should be thanking her, but there is no need. She knows. The ragged sounds I am making say enough.

I begin to tremble, and don't want her to go too far. "That's enough baby," I whisper, and gently pull away from her. 

I climb on the bed and hold my arms out for her. In a moment she is snuggling against my chest. She lifts her lips to me and we kiss, softly at first, gradually harder and more urgently. Her wonderful soft body pressed against mine quickly ignites flames. We both squirm, loving the feeling of our bodies moving against each other. 

I run my hands down her back, and stroke her firm ass. She wriggles against me as I squeeze and tease her cheeks. I can feel moisture from her pussy on my leg, as she presses against me. Both of us are moaning, sighing, whimpering, purring, feeding on each other's passion. 

I roll over and gently push her onto her back, smiling down at her. I give little kisses to her, lips, cheeks, forehead, neck, shoulders. And again, a long, deep, passionate, tongue tangling kiss as our hands roam. I run one hand down over her hip and down the outside of her thigh as I slowly kiss her neck, then let my lips and tongue slide lower and lower. 

Her breathing becomes deeper and her chest heaves as I near the curve of her breasts. I kiss gentle circles around them. Her nipples are very long and erect as she feels my breath on them. I know she is very sensitive, and I am a little nervous about touching them, for fear that I might hurt her but they are very unique, and very erotic to me. 

I gently kiss the tips of each one, and she moans with pleasure, emboldening me. I slide my lips over one of them and run my wet tongue softly over it. She arches her back, pressing against my mouth, and my hand on her thigh feels her hips lift as she responds. With my other hand, I gently take the other nipple in my fingers, and lightly stroke it. She moans long and loud, a sound of sheer lust! I lift my head, long enough to whisper, "Baby, I'm so glad you like that." Your nipples are wonderful, but I have been afraid to hurt you."

Oh Don!" she gasps back. "God, I love your touch on them! I ache for it! They are very sensitive, but that just heightens the pleasure. I know you will never hurt me. Oh baby, make them yours!"

My hand covers one breast, fingers gently pulling, squeezing, twisting, stroking. My mouth sucks the other deeper and my tongue swirls around that amazing nipple. Her hips are rocking up and down, and she presses harder and harder against my mouth, head back, eyes closed. My hand on her leg slips to her inner thighs and strokes and teases. Her legs spread, welcoming it. 

I move my hand up to her pussy and close my hand over it. Her reaction is immediate. Her ass lifts from the bed and presses against my hand. I hear a growl, and she loudly gasps out, "YES!!" her arms go around me squeezing, and pulling my head down on her breast. I realize she has been longing for my touch, and lift my self from her, turning on the bed next to her. I lower my mouth to her pussy, and waste no time plunging my tongue between her lips. Her hips are rocking hard, and one hand goes to my head, pushing me down. The other hand grasps my hard cock and starts squeezing and stroking, hard.

Her halting voice gasps out, "Oh damn, lover, eat me! Devour my pussy!"

I comply, ramming my tongue deep inside her, drinking the sweet juices I find there. My tongue runs up and down her slit. Her hand is pumping hard on my cock, yanking in time with my lips. When my lips close over her swollen clit, she jumps and shrieks, her hand jamming my head down. Her body is almost convulsing.

"NO MORE!!" she yells out. "I can't wait any more! Fuck me with this monster cock! Split me in half! God I want you! NOW!"

I quickly get to my knees, and am about to move between her legs when she gasps, "WAIT!"

She rolls over and pushes up on her knees and says, "This way!" She is ass up, head down. 

I lean over and kiss her between the shoulder blades, then slide my hands to her hips. She is already rocking, little whimpers and moans coming from the sheet. Her sudden reaction has excited my so much my cock is aching hard, and there is no need to guide it as I press against her. She spreads her legs a little more and my head slides easily into her swollen, sopping cunt. 

I hear a growl, and she rams herself back against me, and I feel myself suddenly deep inside her. A moment later, she does it again, and I am buried to the hilt. She is moaning, gasping, so tightly holding me I can barely stand it. Through my hands on her hips, I can feel her shaking, shuddering. But she is rocking, already fucking herself on me, making strange, needy cries with each thrust. 

She opens almost at once, and I join her rocking in a steady rhythm, her ass slapping against my thighs as we fuck like animals, faster and harder with each stroke. It is unbelievably exciting! Realizing there is no reason to worry about hurting her now, I tighten my grip and start pounding harder, knowing this is what she needs and wants. With each thrust she gives a little high pitched scream that sounds like "yesss, yesss, yesss". 

I know there is no way either of us can last long at this pace, and no question of stopping, so I continue fucking her furiously. I grit my teeth to hold off as long as possible, but almost immediately give up, and ram myself into her. Oh, Kitty, GOD" is all I can gasp out, and we both explode into an impossible orgasm, bucking, growling, screaming, gushing, spurting, rocking. I can't possibly stay upright, and as my cock softens, I fall gasping to the bed. She falls on top of me. She is sobbing, bawling, tears running over my chest. 

I am terrified I have hurt her, and whisper, "Baby, baby, are you ok?"

She looks up at me with watering eyes and a look of utter disbelief! "Oh Don! No no no no! I'm not hurt, I'm in shock! NOTHING can feel like that! NOTHING!" She falls back on my chest and begins wailing again. "How did you make me feel like this?" I can feel her shaking and shuddering.

The next moment, she pulls herself up on me and starts covering me with kisses. I am greatly relieved, as I realize, at least, that her reaction is positive. I squeeze her tight to my chest, and feel her finally calm down, breathing slowing, body relaxing. When she looks up at me again, she is smiling, glowing, and she says softly, "Now I know what Nikki meant."

Mystified, I ask what. "When she told me, she was in heaven! And by the way, I am already sore. I want to feel that way forever, Don!"

We lie together a few minutes, cuddling, hardly moving except for my hands petting her gently. I am in awe that I am capable of making her feel what she does, and I feel a great responsibility for her. 

A hand raps softly on the open door, and we look up to see Nikki standing there. "Are you guys ok?" She says, a worried look on her face. 

"We are wonderful!" Kitty replies, and pushes herself up, opening her arms for Nikki. 

Nikki rushes to her, and the two embrace, Kitty hugging and squeezing her. It is an odd sight, Kitty naked and moist, Nikki fully dressed, holding her. "Give us a minute, Don," Kitty says, and they go into the other room. I hear low voices, then giggling, then laughter. And a few minutes later, the two re-appear, smiling. Kitty jumps back onto the bed with me and says, "Come on, honey, join us, if you don't mind the very wet bed!" 

All is well, and in a few moments I have my girls, naked and snuggling in my arms.

I wake slowly, to a delicious sensation. I feel warm breath in my ear, a tongue barely touching, teasing me. At first, I don't move, not wanting it to stop, but soon I shudder and stretch, unable to stay still. A long, low, soft moan escapes me. In barely a whisper, Nikki's voice says, "Hey stud, you got any left of whatever you gave Kitty? 'Cuz I want some too."

Already I can feel a tension in my cock, just from her words, and when I feel fingertips very lightly trailing over him, He begins to harden rapidly. "Mmmmmmmmm, honey that feels soooooooo fucking good! And you know there is always some for you. And you can have it any time you want it."

On the other side of the bed, I hear Kitty, almost snoring, breathing deeply. Her hand is still on my shoulder.

Even when Nikki kisses me deeply, slowly slipping her tongue in my mouth, I don't move or open my eyes. The sensations are simply too powerful to be disturbed. Her breasts are pressed against my chest, the hard nipples scratching gently.

But when she begins to slowly rock her hips, pushing against me, I can no longer be still. I put my arms around her, and she nestles against me. My hands slide down her smooth back, and over her ass cheeks. I gently rub and squeeze, all the while pulling her tighter against me. She moans in my ear as my hard cock presses against her pussy, moving against it as our hips roll. I kiss in the hollow between her neck and shoulder. 

I push Nikki onto her back, and slide my lips over a breast, sucking in the hard pointed tip. She gasps loudly, and her hips lift her pussy in the air, which I immediately cover with my hand. As she arches her back, I take her breast deeper into my mouth, grinding my tongue against it. My hand presses hard against her mound, my finger sliding between her lips and getting covered in her wetness. 

"Oh GOD yes," she gasps out, "that's what I want!" as my finger slides up and down her slit. 

My only response is a growl against her breast, as my teeth catch the hard bud and pull against it. Her body is writhing now, and when my fingers press against the entrance to her cunt, she lifts violently and impales herself on them. Her need is obvious, and I begin finger fucking her, the sloppy wet sounds getting louder as she pumps her hips violently up and down.

I feel a hand run up and down my back, and know we have awakened Kitty. Loudly I say, so both can hear, "Kitty is with us honey, shall we put on a show for her?" Kitty gives me a slap on the ass. 

Nikki says between clenched teeth, "I sat for half an hour and listened to you two animals go at it, now it's my turn at that monster cock! Fuck me and let her watch!" They both giggle. 
