 Note from the author: I apologize for my long absence, here is the much awaited part three! 

*****

I woke up in a vague daze. I must have really passed out from the prior night. I then woke up with a jolt finally remembering the events of the prior night. I looked over to see Emma and her blonde hair. She was topless and facing the other way. I slowly moved the sheet to reveal her baby blue G-String. It barely covered her perfect little asshole. Well more it almost cover that asshole. 

I started looking, almost wanting to reach out and touch it, when I remembered that her friend Tiffany was the real anal slut. Emma might be too, for all I knew, but she had never asked for it. Well Maybe Emma was the slut, slut, and Tiffany was just the Anal slut. I mean I did just watch her anally masturbate with a butt plug that Emma had purchased for her from my own sex shop. What a night it was getting caught watching and being rewarded with a blowjob by Emma. I did still feel bad that I never gave any love to Tiffany. I mean it was her birthday. 

I laid back down just staring at the ceiling. I took a deep sigh, I mean I should go back and open the shop in the next couple of hours but that felt like work. I still wanted to play. I started to wonder how I could wake Emma up without being a dick. I mean hopefully she would be down for a little fun before the day got started. 

She then started to shift and rolled onto her back and lazily opened one eye. She made no attempts to cover herself, despite being completely topless. She just gave a relaxed smile and said "Could have sworn I fell asleep under the sheets last night. Crazy how they moved and now I find you here staring at me." 

My face turned red. I almost began to choke. I am many things in life, but smooth will never be one of them. Yeah I figured Emma was down for anything but knowing and believing are two different things. She clearly saw me going through a panic stricken state and began to laugh "Geez, relax. Look in case you did not know I like perverts. I like guys who are clearly into my body and cannot resist. I think its cute. You can look and watch all you want. Call me crazy but I do not mind. In fact this is why I fucked you. If I war genuinely annoyed with it would I have sucked you cock last night?" 

Emma started to move off the bed and began to walk away. Her ass looked amazing. Perfectly tan with the rest of her body. Her cheeks were plump and firm, and I saw that the G-String she wore was perhaps a couple sizes too small. Nevertheless it seemed to add even more shape to it. She just turned her head, still facing towards the door and said "Well enjoy it now. I got a new job and it starts in a couple hours. I'm going to shower and then we can get moving for our day. First day on the job, really hoping to impress the boss!" 

With that she exited the room. I began to get up when I noticed a drawer open on her night stand. I was still in my boxers, and was honestly just looking for my clothes from the other night. I figured it was my time to leave when I saw her dildo just popping out from the open drawer. I opened it even more and found several dildos. Some plastic, some glass, and even a couple large black ones. I grabbed the plastic one and it almost immediately started to vibrate. I jumped, almost immediately regretting even picking it up. When I heard a voice clear behind me. 

"Oh Emma Im sorry I just..." My voice began to fade as I took it what was in front of me. Emma was not the one who cleared her throat. It was Tiffany. She looked even better in the daylight than she did last night. Her tits seemed huge. Clearly in the D range maybe even double D's. In addition she had great large puffy nipples. The kind that just made you wish they were in your mouth. I just did a double take looking up and down her long slender frame. She had it all, oh she was a real redhead. It all matched. 

"Boy oh boy, it seems every time I come in here I find you doing something very dirty." She said smiling and started to walk over. She purposely took too many steps towards me so when she bent down to get the dildo, her ass was facing me. The butt plug from the prior night was still in. 

"Well, what am I to do with a pervert like you? I mean you watched me ass fuck myself, and did not even help." She then pushed me down on to the bed and ripped off my boxers. Very important to note, she ripped. I do not mean a little aggressive, I mean I had to get a new pair. My hard cock just burst open. It was raging, mostly because of this situation but also it was morning and thats a thing too. 

She grabbed the base and just looked at it and then looked at me and said "Wow I can see why Emma likes you. I mean I have seen bigger but yours just seems right. It will get the job done nicely." With that she took my cock in her mouth. She started off just working the head and using the her hand in tandem. Then her hand fell off and she began to deep throat my cock. 

I place my hand on her head and heard her begin to gag. I could tell she loved to give sloppy wet blowjobs. She then came up and looked at me. Her hands were still jacking me off. "Well I would love to fuck you but technically you are Emma's. We girls still have our code even if it is a slutty one. Hey Emma do you mind?" 

I jumped and looked up to see Emma standing in the doorway with her hand down touching her pussy. She just smiled and said "Well fine, but only because its your birthday. But I get watch." She then moved over to her chair and put her legs up. 

Tiffany then moved over to straddle me. My cock slid right into her pussy. I grabbed her tits and put her nipple into my mouth. It tasted so sweet. I felt her hips moving back and fourth. Thats when I felt something poking my thigh. It was her butt plug. She was fucking me with it still in her ass. 

I looked over to Emma who was still working her pussy. She was moving fast and I could tell she was really enjoying this and that she was close to exploding. I waved her over to join the fun. I mean first things first, I needed to eat that pussy. 

Tiffany kept bouncing up and down on my cock, her tits were moving so well. Then Emma came up next to me and moved her leg over my face. I took her ass cheeks and spread them as far as I could. Then My tongue found her clit and I began to flick it up and down. Slowly at first then in a circle, and lastly as fast as I could. Emma grabbed my head and started to ride my face. It was amazing, she was in control and I was just her tool to get her there. Thats when she squirted. It just gushed all over my face and all I heard outside of the very loud moans was a laugh from Tiffany. 

Emma fell off my face and just laid in a trance. Tiffany meanwhile got off my cock and moved over on all fours facing Emma. She then looked back and removed her butt plug. Then said words that I would remember for life "Can you please fuck my ass now? Lube is on the table, and well I really need it. I love vaginal sex and all but I just need this." Her ass hold just popped and looked so puffy. 

I grabbed the lube and put a small amount on the head of my dick and a little bit on her ass. I then grabbed my cock and began to push it against her ass. It honestly just glided right it. Almost like it was waiting for me. Most girls need a little pressure, but Tiffany clearly used her ass on multiple occasions. 

I began to move back and fourth and Tiffany was enjoying it. I could tell because she began to moan for the first time tonight. At first it was normal but then it became very loud. I saw that she had one hand on her clit and was rubbing it as fast as she could while I ass fucked her. 

The noise became even louder and I was beginning to feel awkward. Thats when Emma became alive. She looked up and laughed. "Oh I almost forgot you have to really keep Tiffany quite. Either push her head into a pillow or into my pussy." 

Emma then began to scoot down and take Tiffany's face into her pussy. It was almost routine and I could tell that this was something they have done for time to time or at least this was not the first time this specific routine had taken place. I kept working on Tiffany's ass when I looked down to see a puddle. Tiffany was also a squirter and this scene was too much. Her eating Emma's pussy and me fucking her ass, I began to tighten up. 

Tiffany listed her head and looked back to say "Cum in my ass, please god just cum in my ass." 

That was all it took, I gave it a couple more pumps for good measure and just exploded in that filthy redheads ass. Then I gave it a hard spank. Her skin was so white that it immediately left a dark red mark and I could see cum oozing out of her asshole. Then I took a step back and sat down on the chair to see two beautiful women collapsed on the bed. I was so happy and proud of this conquest. Thats when I heard it. Loud sex noises coming from the hall I just looked over at Emma who made eye contact with me and smiled. "Thats Stephanie, you are going to love her."