 Chapter 3: If You Go Chasing Rabbits

* * * * *

"Hey Izabella
Girl, I'm holding you in my dreams every night
Yeah, but you know good well baby
You know we got this war to fight
Well, I'm calling you under fire
Well, I hope you're receiving me all right"

~Jimi Hendrix~

By the time we get to Woodstock, we are starting to peak on the orange sunshine. A far-out head named Zonker laid the tabs on Janlis, Timi, and me and we dropped the acid just before boarding the 'copter. 

Noisy beads of rain are tapping against the window as I look down at the crowd below - man they must be half a million strong. Timi mumbles that they look like some hip, wet, mud-drenched psychedelic ants doing the Woodstock boogie. Fuck that makes us laugh. 

We land at this cool be-in festival at Max Yasgur's farm to groove with the likes of The Hoo, The Fish, The Dead, Two Years After, The Airplane, and Cosby, Sills, Hash, and Lung. . Janlis looks very concerned all of a sudden that she looks decent when we exit the 'copter. She starts messing with her hair, straightening her droopy shades, and fiddling with this trippy boa thing she's been wearing lately. 

Her breath is reeking of her beloved Southern Comfort as she sprawls at me, "Izabella, baby, do I look wasted to you?" 

This really gets Timi and me laughing 'cause I can tell you for sure that we don't give a rat's ass about any of that. 

Timi is looking like a tall cool glass of dark ale, dressed in this outta site white suede shirt dripping with long fringes and blue beads. A bright red bandana is wrapped around his wild Afro and he is smiling and laughing at nothing as we all stumble out. 

People are flashing peace signs in our faces and shouting and passing out what sort of look like misshaped oranges as we walk by. Their gestures leave echoing traces of orange lights in the rain. 

Did I say walking? I'm not sure if you could call it walking, I guess, because at this point it's getting pretty difficult for me to get my legs to stop behaving like stretchy rubber bands - like Gumby I think. 

I turn to tell Timi about the tracing lights - I want to know if he sees them too. That's when I notice in how horny he is. Timi loves to fuck Janlis and me when we are tripping high like this. 

It was the same thing at Monterey Pop. As soon as we got there, Timi's cock got so fucking hard. He joked to us that he could hammer a nail into a piece of plywood with it. Well, instead he decided to pound that rigid black cock into Janlis and me before we even had time to take our jackets off! 

I came prepared this time; I decided to wear fuckable hippy chic. 

I have on a purple tie-dye mini dress, which barely covers my crotch, and no underwear at all underneath. 

My suede fringed boots stretch way up to my thighs and purple glass love beads cascade loosely around my neck. Yellow daisies are woven through strands of my long blonde hair. 

Janlis loves it when I wear my hair like this and I would wear anything to please that woman. She always teases that the tattoo on her left wrist was inspired by the flowers in my hair. 

It's so fucking hard to Gumby-walk through this damn mud and jump all these gigantic puddles in the rain and I am really freaking out that I am going to wreck my boots and frizz my hair. 

We finally make our way backstage, which ends up being this enormous tent behind the stage sectioned off by ropes and security guards. It is dry, there is a wooden floor, and everything is right with the world. 

I'm walking on sunshine with Timi and Janlis as we greet The Hoo's Rager and Keif with hugs and kisses - 'scuse me while I kiss this guy - and then more hugs and lots of giggles. They look even more stoned than we do! 

It's getting difficult to hear anybody though because The Airplane are trippin' out on stage ….

"Don't you want somebody to love, don't you need somebody to love, wouldn't you love somebody to love, you better find somebody to love…."

Rager is pleased to see me. We fucked in England last time I crossed the Big Pond and he told me then he thought I was the best cock-sucking groupie he ever had. 

"How's my horny little acid queen?" he whispers in my ear. 

I melt every time I hear his Cockney accent and my darling Rager is looking good indeed. His loose "Tommy" curls surround his strikingly angular face, just brushing past the shoulders of his black leather vest. To tell you the truth, though, it was those piercing blue eyes that first made me fall for him.

He asks Timi if I've been taking good care of his cock.

Timi just smiles. "Yea, yea man," he mutters, "and she's been keepin' Janlis's sugary pussy nice an' creamy too. You don't have to ask if our little hippy slut Izzy is experienced." 

He turns to me with a wicked grin, "But first, are you experienced? Uh-have you ever been experienced-uh?"

"Well, I have," I answer him with a laugh.

Now everything is starting to blur together and all these really really cool musicians and stuff and yea and the entourage people and the stagehands and the bouncers - their heads all look so big. 

Swirls of purple haze …. crushed orange … orange twirls …. whirlybird rainbows spinning mindlessly … here there and everywhere … like an oversized transparent pinwheel … it's all too beautiful … 

… and the music .. ohhhhhhhhhh the music .. it is so unbelievably groovy … I can't fucking believe it. 

Trace Slit's commanding voice overpowers any other thoughts - all of my brainpower and energy has been surrendered to her …

"Your eyes, I say your eyes may look like his but in your head baby I'm afraid you don't know where it is …" 

I can't stop dancing and floating and moving … the music is tripping and it's moving right through me … no it's filtering through me … filtering through my pores … I've become this huge sieve that is filtering the music to spill all around me … 

to all these shiny happy people … smiling … laughing … and I am feeling so very, very horny.

Someone is saying something to me. WHAT?????????????? 

Who said that? Oh Timi … "Yea baby?" 

Timi is sprawlin' all over me now. "Izzz'belllllaaaaa babyyyyy, lez fuck baby," he slurs almost incoherently as his wandering fingers graze lazily past my thigh high boots to my crotch. It feels like his long slender fingers are being sucked into my skin - into my body - into my cunt. I love the touch of a guitarist's slow hand.

"Ah, that's such a good li'l slut there baby - no panties an' all for Timi." I spread my legs for him. Timi's fingers feel so fucking good as they slide through my hungry pussy. I always get so wet on acid. 

Janlis and Rager are getting really turned on watching us. 

I notice that Nil Lung is watching attentively from a corner, too. He is wearing a pair of worn-out cowboy boots and frayed bell-bottom jeans with a Canadian flag sewn on the ass. A tattered brown leather jacket is slung over his back. He is leaning against a pile of large amplifiers along the side of the stage as he inhales deeply from a spliff. His dark disheveled hair and impish grin make him look almost menacing.

Janlis pounces on me and her mouth covers mine as our greedy tongues meet and intertwine. 

Rager's hands are somehow tangling up with Timi's now too as they feel and probe my horny cunt. Their hands quickly become drenched in my wetness. 

Timi pulls his dripping fingers slowly out and finger-fucks Janlis's mouth. 

"Oh you fucking bitch," she whispers to me, "you taste so good". She turns to Timi. "Lemmie lick her baby - lemmie lick our hippy slut."

"Oh yea, babe," says Timi as Rager leers his approval.

"Lez jus' take off that nasty dress of hers. It's fucking in the way." With that, they yank my dress over my head and throw it aside. 

I am completely naked now 'cept for my boots, the flowers in my hair, and the crystal love beads dangling from my neck and spilling out over my breasts. 

I remember when I first found those beads at The Psychedelic Shop on Haight Street. Good vibes were tripping heavily that day because I somehow managed to discover the exact shade of deep purple lavender to match my suede boots - almost a whiter shade of pale. 

It seems as if everyone is looking at me - even Tracie Slit keeps glancing over while performing on stage. 

I feel freer than ever before - shamelessly exposing my tits, my ass and my cunt, which Janlis always makes sure is shaved smooth for her pleasure - except for the little tuft of hair she likes to leave on top. She always jokes that she needs that little tuft for something to hold on to while she sucks on me.

Timi, Rager, and Keif pick me up and call out to Nil Lung to grab one of my ankles. They are now holding me spread-eagled and suspended in mid air. My eager pussy is dripping and aching with the anticipation of Janlis's experienced tongue. 

"You hippy bitch", she manages to slur before her face dives straight into my soaked cunt. 

"Oh fuck Janlis - you suck me so good, baby", I cry out as I cum for the first time at Woodstock. I cum so hard my body is shaking in jolts and it feels like everyone is watching me. For goodness sake I got the hippy hippy shake. 

Nil pinches my nipples hard. "Oh yea baby I know you like it rough". He knows me well because we have fucked before. I can't remember how many times or anything though.

"I am yours, you are mine. You are what you are and you make it hard …."

Janlis continues to suck me even more intensely. I can see and feel the hardness of all the men holding me - I know how badly they all want to fuck me. She is getting me warmed up for them. She really gets off on watching me get fucked and I love it when she watches.

Timi is always the first to have me. 

They carry me over to face a beat-up folding metal chair. Rager tells me to spread my legs as wide as I can and place my hands on each side of the chair. I feel so exposed with my ass sticking up in the air for everyone to see. 

Janlis says that she wants to make certain that everyone can see both of my holes stretched wide, so she spreads my cheeks and exposes me even more.

"Izzy slut has the tastiest hippy cunt I've ever had the pleasure to know", she laughs. "Fuck her now Timi - I want to see her take your dick." 

I can hear Timi unzip his fly and pull out his large hard cock. 

"Lick this, Janlis", he tells her. 

I'm not able to see what is happening behind me but I don't have to see to remember the image of Timi's cock - how his pre-cum glistens on the swollen head of that huge ebony shaft, and how it taunts me so badly that I need to feel that cock throbbing inside me - inside any one of my holes. 

I patiently wait for the feel of Timi's cock thrusting into me. 

Timi's large hands grab each side of my hips and I feel him enter me. Oh god it feels so amazing - his cock sliding into me - sliding in and out of my cunt hole to the rhythm of The Airplane who are trying to end their gig as soon as they can. 

I can see the band from where I am and Tracie keeps looking over to watch Timi fuck me. I know she wants to fuck me too. She eagerly licks her lips and silently mouths out to Timi while the band is playing, "Fuck our hippy slut hard baby - make her take that big cock nice and deep."

Timi loves to fuck for an audience. The excitement of the crowd watching us brings him to a peak quickly and he suddenly shouts out Izzzzz'belllllllllaaaaaa and shoots deep inside me. I cum with him. I always do when he calls out my name like that when he is so full of lust - it's almost freaky. I feel as if I am the only thing in the world that could ever matter to him, if only for those few seconds.

"Now that's the tightest sweetest cunt I've ever fucked in public", he announces to everyone and we all crack up.

I'm still giggling as Rager picks me up in his strong arms. 

"Come here, you tarty fuck slut." I wrap my arms around him and entwine my legs around the hips of his smooth leather pants. He kisses me gently at first, but soon his tongue becomes more forceful. 

His cock slides into my cunt, still dripping with Timi's cum. He is fucking me as I rock back and forth, matching each urgent thrust. 

"That's it baby", he whispers to me, "You missed Rager's cock didn't you?" 

"Yes, very much darling", I tell him. 

He tells me to suck his cock before he fucks my ass. I get down on my knees in front of him and swallow his cock immediately. The combined taste of both Timi's and my cum mixed in with the taste of Rager's dick is making me even hotter. I lick and suck him feverishly.

Keif is sitting on the chair now and he demands that I fiddle about with him. I have never fucked or sucked him before and this is the first time I have seen his cock. It's not that long but rather stout and thick and uncut. Most of the British bands I fuck have uncircumcised dicks. I am used to it, although at first it blew my mind. Now it makes no difference to me either way. I love all their cocks. 

His eyes glaze over wildly and saliva is dripping out of the corner of his mouth as he sputters, "I've heard a lot of good things about you, luv. Be a good little slut and don't disappoint Uncle Keif." He grabs my head with both his hands and impales his cock with my open mouth. 

I spread my legs apart wide. Rager enters my ass quickly and forcefully. He deeply thrusts into me a few times and pulls out abruptly. 

"Come over here, Janlis baby, and suck my hard dick. I want you to taste Izzy's tight li'l asshole on my cock while you make it all nice and slippery wet."

Janlis sucks him, allowing her saliva to freely trickle down his engorged cock. 

I am licking Keif. I take a deep breath and swallow his cock. I suck him in and out, pushing his cock against my cheek so everyone can see it poke through. I look up at Keif's face. His eyes are almost rolling into the back of his head and I can tell how much he digs my sucking. 

All of a sudden, his eyelids start to flutter frantically and he pulls out of my mouth and screams out, "I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum …. ohhhhhhhhhh," and he splatters his warm gooey cum all over my face and titties. 

Again Rager rams his hard cock into my tight ass. I am thrusting back and forth to the rhythm of his cock and the music and I am playing with my inflamed clit. 

My cunt and asshole gradually start to contract in continual gentle waves, which soon turn into pulsating streams of pleasure urgently reaching out to touch the very tips of my body. I love those kinds of slow orgasms that kind of creep up on you. 

Rager pulls out. He hollers "Yes, yes, yes bayyyybeeeeeeeeee" and shoots his warm load all over my ass cheeks. 

Nil is ready to burst by this time. He pulls out his rigid cock and pumps it forcefully into my cunt. He calls me his "star-fucking slut, hippy whore".

"Cum, hippy bitch", he demands. His words make me climax instantly. 

Nil shoves his cock into my mouth now. He holds my head still as he fucks me. 

One, two, three long strokes and he shoots his hot cum into my mouth, crying out, "That's it, baby, that's a good li'l slut - swallow, swallow it all you - I know you love the taste of my cum you cock-sucking hippy."

There is so much of it that some spills down the sides of my lips and trickles down my chin. I scrape up as much of it as I can with my fingers and savour the flavour as I lick my fingers.

I can see that Janlis is getting so hot now. "Please, baby, let me suck on your cunt," I beg her. 

She tells me to sit on the floor and she lifts her flimsy silk skirt to unveil her soaking wet pussy - Janlis is never one to worry about things like panties. 

Layered strands of colourful love beads draped casually around her neck rub against her chest as she sways back and forth to the music. Her firm tits effortlessly escape the sheer material of her creamy low cut blouse. 

The coarse wooden floor feels cool and damp and I am getting paranoid that I might get splinters on my bare ass because I can't keep still.

I always thought Janlis had one of the most beautiful pussies I have ever seen with just the right amount of pubic hair neatly trimmed (almost red in colour), nice big lips to slurp on, and a clitoris that could set the world on fire.

She straddles herself over my face and lowers her cunt on top of my gaping mouth. 

That's another thing - I always thought Janlis had one of the sweetest smelling pussies I have ever sniffed, almost like the heady scent of white lilacs in the spring.

I stick my tongue into her hole right away and begin to drink her intoxicating sweet cum. My tongue makes its way to her swollen clit and I suck on it until she cums all over my face and I taste her syrupy juices. 

I roll her dark erect nipples back and forth gently between my fingers and message them the way she likes it - they get so sensitive after she cums. As I continue sucking, she shudders through two more orgasms.

"Izabella you are such a sweet little cunt sucker - you sure know how to make a girl cum good," she chortles with that wild laugh of hers that I so love.

I am finally able to stand up. 

Janlis is tenderly kissing my breasts. She slowly starts sliding her tongue all over me as she tries to lap up what is left of the four loads of cum trickling down my face, tits, belly, and thighs. 

The rain is pelting down harder as The Airplane break into their last number … 

"One pill makes you larger, and one pill makes you small, and the ones that mother gives you don't do anything at all …"

Timi walks up behind me and embraces me. He starts stroking my hair and his other hand carelessly plays with my exposed clit as he kisses my neck and whispers deeply in my ear.

"Izabella, my beautiful hippy slut, lez get you cleaned up and ready to fuck The Airplane as soon as they get off stage, baby."