 Ellen and Ron returned for their first couples' session the week after Ellen's visit with me.

They looked so uncomfortable with each other. Ellen's smile was so fake that I thought her face would crack. Ron hardly looked at her when she spoke. Both of them faced me squarely and with a look of such pain, and need, on their faces.

They'd done the homework I'd assigned them. They were talking a little more about what they want from each other, emotionally and sexually. However, they were not making the progress they'd hoped for. I reminded them that it had only been 3 weeks since we'd met and that they should stick with their therapy. I assured them that in time, they'll see results.

I asked if they'd made love at all since our visits. I looked at Ron first. Initiating sex with his wife, with a conscience free of Tina, was supposed to be his homework. It was obvious that his attempts were not being met as enthusiastically as he might like.

I asked Ellen if she was masturbating regularly and if she was including Ron during this, or not. Before Ellen could answer, Ron piped up.

"No, she's not including me! I don't know if she's doing anything but it's not with me. I tried to touch her. I tried to..." he just looked away from us both as his voice trailed off.

Ellen shot him an icy look.

I tried to calm them both. There was such tension between them and we needed to convert it from angry tension to a passionate, loving tension.

"Ron, let Ellen speak. Ellen, are you rebuffing Ron's advances?"

She looked at her shoes as she replied, "yes."

"Ellen, can you tell Ron 'why' you don't respond to him? Do you talk about this with him?"

She started to answer but I instructed her to turn to her husband and face him. I sat on the edge of the coffee table in front of the couch and placed her hands on his, creating a bond of intimacy that seemed to escape them both on their own.

She tearfully began her list of reasons. Despite all her reasons, there was still a woman inside, needing to be released, unleashed.

When Ellen finished speaking, I moved Ron's hand to her tear stained face and had him wipe her tears. I encouraged him, "touch her," I told him. He wiped her face and pulled her closer.

I then sat behind Ellen, my dress pulled high so I could wrap my thighs around her. I wrapped my arms around Ellen too, and laid my cheek against the base of her neck.

Ron's hands were between Ellen's back and my breasts and I could feel him rubbing up and down her back gently, while stimulating my nipples. I smiled over Ellen's shoulder at him. I raised up on the cushion, on my knees, and over Ellen's shoulder, I told Ron to kiss his wife.

Their kiss was not that of man and wife; more like an awkward first date kiss of teens. From behind Ellen, I stroked her hair and reached over to caress Ron's head. I whispered soothing words to encourage them. "Yes, that's it. Very nice. Now open your lips....accept his tongue." The kiss became more passionate with the aid of my words and my caresses.

I moved Ron's hands to Ellen's breasts. "Don't stop kissing, keep going." She went to pull away but I instructed her to accept his love and feel his hands on her...how exciting they must feel, how stimulating, how hard her nipples must be getting as he massages and lovingly pulls at her breasts through her sweater.

I moved beside them, back on the coffee table. I had them slowly begin to undress each other. I instructed them to prolong the foreplay...to savor the look, feel, and scent of each other as they unfolded the flower that was their bodies. As each piece of clothing was discarded onto my office floor, smiles and kisses were exchanged. Soon, they were both completely naked.

They were ready for the next step. I asked them what they'd like to change about their own lovemaking style and what they'd change about their mates' style.

For Ellen, she wanted more of what most women want - more foreplay. Outside the bedroom, she wanted to wined and dined before 69'd. In the bedroom, she wanted more kissing and more oral sex and she needed to silence her inhibitions and share her fantasies with her husband.

Since the sessions are only 45 minutes, we could only handle one problem at a time. The wining and dining would have to be done as homework. They made a commitment to call a sitter when they got home so they could spend one night a week out, sans children.

As for in the bedroom, we'd already started with her desire for more kissing. So it was Ron's turn to taste his wife.

She laid back on my couch. He kissed his way down her body until he got to her mons. He parted her legs and gazed at her beautiful body. I had him caress her skin lightly, trailing his fingertips and nails down her flesh. His cock was fully engorged and I knew he was dying for attention of his own, but it would have to wait.

He spread her lips open, lowered his mouth to her trimmed pussy and blew along her inner lips. I watched Ellen's facial expressions as he did this. She seemed to be having trouble relaxing. I asked if it was my presence, offering to leave them but they both asked me to stay.

Since Ellen didn't look like a woman who was enjoying herself (I would've gladly taken her place), I began massaging her breast. I leaned over and kissed her cheek, down her neck, touching her breasts while Ron began his oral lovemaking.

Ellen's grimace disappeared as we both worked on her. She began to smile, eyes closed, hips wiggling under Ron's face. Her hands were pushing my mouth onto her breasts, obviously wanting me to suck her nipples, and her husband's head down into her dripping wet pussy. Her sex was filling the room....or was it mine?

I flicked my tongue over her stiff pink nipples, looking down at Ron, watching his golden head bobbing between her creamy thighs. He sucked at her outer folds, licked at her clit, suckled it. At times, he would fuck Ellen with his tongue and she'd arch under my mouth, pushing her breasts up into my mouth.

She was moaning and writhing and a light sweat was forming on her brow. Her cries resounded in my small, cozy office. She began to tear at the buttons on my dress as she gave into the passion of her husband's mouth.

I pulled away and slipped my dress off. I removed my bra and panties but left my thigh high stockings on.

"Alanna, join us," Ellen panted.

I asked Ron if it was alright with him and he stopped consuming his wife's cunt long enough to grab my head, pull me to him, and kiss me. I took that as a "yes."

I could taste Ellen as well as smell her. My tongue pushed into Ron's mouth, swirling her juices between us. As we kissed, I reached for Ellen's hand and placed it on her clit, hinting for her to touch herself. She fingered her hard nub and I slid my finger inside her, all the while, tasting her from her husband's mouth. I felt her cunt bearing down on my finger; her g-spot swelling under my constant pressure. I knew Ron was in need of attention too so I withdrew my finger and slipped his hand to her pussy. He began to caress and fingerfuck his wife as she masturbated.

I moved down to my knees, kissing my way down Ron's manly chest and rippled stomach. I quickly took his cock into my mouth while he digitally penetrated his wife. Not only were Ellen's moans filling my office, Ron's now were too.

His body slumped back against the back of my couch; his ass on the edge of the couch. I dutifully and deliberately slurped and sucked at his cock. While doing this, Ellen began to watch.

She got up on her elbows and focused on the oral sex I was giving Ron. She didn't appear jealous. She was observing. Ron had stopped fingerfucking her and she moved off the couch, beside me. She got on her knees, side by side with me, and watched as Ron's cock disappeared into my mouth and then reappeared, covered with his pre-cum and my saliva.

I sucked up to his crown and tilted my head to watch her face. She obviously wanted to suck her husband's cock so I moved aside and placing my hand on her head, I guided her pretty face down on his penis. The look of bliss on Ron's face was beyond words.

We took turns sharing Ron's cock. His hands stroked our heads, shoulders, down our spines. At times, he'd grab a handful of hair and emit a guttural moan. As stimulated as Ellen might be, I decided guide them into intercourse so she could mount her husband, giving them both pleasure while affording her the opportunity to masturbate as well.

I had Ellen mount Ron, straddling his lap but facing away from him. His hands firmly planted on her hips, Ron raised Ellen up, then lowered her down onto his large cock.

I watched as her lips were spread open by his shaft, as his cock filled her so thoroughly, as her body arched and her breathing became deeper. I sat across from them, watching his cock glisten with her juices as he used her pussy to masturbate his cock.

"Ellen, touch yourself now" I instructed her. Like Ron, if she masturbated using his cock and her finger, she could derive pleasure from this too.

Her fingers slid down and she began to massage her clitoris. Ron's moans became louder as she tightened around his shaft. Her breathing was becoming more shallow.

"Yes, that's it. That's right. Don't stop. You're both doing so wonderfully!" I encouraged their sex but couldn't help but wish I were Ellen at this moment. Since I couldn't take her place (which would be wrong), I could only do the next best thing. I joined them.

I laid back on my coffee table and placed my legs over Ron and Ellen's intertwined thighs. My ass hung over the edge of the coffee table but I was able to support myself, at an incline, thanks to their legs elevating mine. My pussy was positioned just above Ellen's mons.

As Ron began to fuck his wife more forcefully, his hips pushed her upward and she'd graze against my pussy. My hand was trapped between our bodies as I masturbated with Ellen. Her eyes would open, gaze down at me, they'd moan, and I knew she was enjoying his cock and my show.

Finally, I heard Ron's cries of ecstasy as he began to shoot his seed into his wife. Her moans became shrill. Unable to control myself, and motivated by their sounds, I also began to orgasm.

They settled a little faster than I did but waited until I was finished climaxing before they spoke.

The alarm on my desk clock went off and we all laughed at the great sense of timing it had.

I stood to turn the alarm off and we all dressed. I scheduled their next appointment...a new experience. The next appointment would involve hired models to display sexual techniques for them to watch, simulate, and enjoy. Until then...