 Friday evening finally arrived and I was in my bathroom getting ready for the party Tina was taking me too. I was decked out in my favorite green silky dress that contrasted well with my hair. The dress was low cut with spaghetti straps and was tight enough on top that I didn't need a bra to showcase my cleavage. The dress was a little longer than I would have liked; coming to just above the knee, but considering that I had decided to forgo underwear the length was fine. I didn't do much with my hair, figuring it would get messed up anyway so I just swept it back and put it in a high pony tail. I was excited about tonight and my pussy was already wet with anticipation.

My thoughts didn't help either as they drifted back over the last few days. It had been an eventful week and my sexual appetite had definitely gotten quite the workout. After my encounter with Mr. Hall on Wednesday evening, he apparently couldn't stay away from me. It was Thursday afternoon during science class that he came to my classroom and told my teacher, Mrs. Lange that he needed to speak with me. 

I smiled as he took me back to his office; I was marveling that he wasn't even able to go without for twenty-four hours. As we entered the office area we passed the secretary, Miss Parker, I gave her a smile and a wave, she pretended to be busy doing something else and wouldn't actually look at me. It no longer mattered to me if she knew; I figured if she was going to cause a fuss, she would have already. Yes, it had only been a day, but it only took a phone call and she could have done that from home the previous night.

When we entered his office, Mr. Hall wasted no time. He dropped his pants and said, "Get over her my little darlin', I need my dick sucked."

I had gone to my knees and happily done as commanded, twenty minutes later he was cumming in down my throat and I was heading back to class with a stomach full of cum. That afternoon I went and got on the pill, that way when I got my next chance I wouldn't miss out on having a guy's cock squirting in my pussy. So yeah, all-in-all it had been a great week and I was definitely looking forward to tonight.

Seven o'clock hit and the doorbell rang, I raced down the stairs, opened the door and there was Tina.

"You look great," I told her, and she most certainly did. She was wearing a short yellow dress that came to mid-thigh, the top was a single strap that came over her right shoulder and was cut short on the left side, which barely covered the left breast of her ample tits. She couldn't wear a bra with the dress and I knew she was also not wearing panties. She was a lot more daring than I was with the shortness of that skirt because if she was to bend over, or was even sitting, I was sure you would be able to see her bare cunt. 

Hell, she looked so fucking good that I almost told her to cancel the party and just come up stairs to my room for a little private party of our own. Almost... but just like her, I was looking forward to having my pussy crammed with some hard cock tonight.

"Thank you, you look great as well. I love that dress." She complimented. "Are we ready to go?"

"Let's go," I was absolutely giddy with excitement. 

Around seven-thirty we pulled into the driveway of a large three story house; in some places it would be considered a mansion. I noticed that there was not a lot of vehicles around and asked Tina about that.

"Most people won't start showing up until around eight-thirty, nine o'clock. I wanted to get here early because you will have to talk with our hosts and get to know them, don't worry though they're great people."

"Right," I said, "the interview."

"Yep, the interview."

"And you're sure you can't give me any kind of a heads up?" I asked. Suddenly, I was feeling a bit nervous.

"No honey, I can't." She replied "You have your clean bill of health right?"

I patted my purse and said, "Right here."

"Good, then let's go." But before we could get out of the car she asked, "Prepping for these parties always gets me so worked up. Is your pussy as wet as mine?"

The bottom portion of my dress was not tight at all, so it was easy for me to boldly lift it past my glistening cunt and I said, "Why don't you see for yourself, honey."

"Mmmmmm," she moaned, "You even shaved it."

"About an hour ago," I told her, which was another thing that I had wanted to do in preparation for tonight. When she didn't immediately move to touch me, I took her hand and place it on the soft heat of my shaved slit.

"Damn, you are as wet as I am." She said as she played her fingers through my silky smooth folds.

It felt wonderful and within seconds I was moaning and kissing her neck and ear lobes. It was over way too quickly though as she pulled her hand away and straightened my dress.

"I would love to continue, honey, but we better get inside. Believe me the party will be worth it and we'll both be sated by the time this night is over." She promised.

As I came out of my sexual haze and exited the car, I think I had actually forgotten about the party and that we were in a car parked in front of a well-lit house.

When the door was opened we were met by a very attractive couple, both warmly greeted Tina giving her hugs and kisses on the cheek before turning to me.

Tina made the introductions, "Bob, Janet, this is my friend I was telling you about, Maggie Richards. Maggie this is Bob and Janet Morganson." 

"It's so nice to meet you," Janet said.

"Yes, very nice," Bob said, "So, Tina says that you would like to join our little group." He made no attempt to hide the leering gaze that he gave as he eyed me up and down. It seemed that he liked what he saw. I have to say it was a little disconcerting the way he was looking at me with his wife standing right beside him, but then I remembered what kind of party I was at and realized she was used to it and probably did the same thing herself.

She laughed, "Bob, give the poor girl some space. She just got here and you're eyeing her as though you're at an all you can eat buffet. Although, I do have to agree, she is quite yummy."

That broke the ice and we all laughed. Bob said, "Well Maggie my dear, we do need to discuss a few things with you, so if you'll join us please. Tina, as always make yourself at home."

The Morganson's led me off to what I guessed to be Bob's den. What I saw of the house so far it was even larger than what I had pictured from the outside, it was a beautiful home.

"Have a seat, relax, we won't bite, at least not unless you ask." Bob said.

"You have a very lovely home here." I said as I sat in the plush loveseat next to Bob's mahogany desk.

"Why thank you, dear," Janet replied.

Now that we were alone, I took a few moments to truly check out my hosts. Bob was probably in his late thirties to early forties, he was six-foot-two-inches. His eyes were a deep piercing blue set in a face with defined cheekbones and a chiseled chin and all topped with a full head of black wavy hair. As I scanned down his gorgeous body I noticed broad shoulders and muscular arms that could not be hidden by the expensive suit that he wore. His hands were the most peculiar to me though, he had the look of wealth, and the house and surroundings attested to that, but his hands were tanned, calloused and rough looking as though he was used to working hard all his life. When I had first arrived at the house, I would have guessed that he was a specialized doctor or maybe a high priced lawyer, but now I had to rethink that assessment. 

I turned my gaze on Janet; her long, smooth, perfectly shaped legs drew my attention first. They ran all the way up past her luscious hips to her perfectly flat stomach. Her hourglass figure was magnificent, and I could feel my desires heating up as I continued my visual journey up to her bountiful breasts which were barely contained within her strapless black dress. Her skin, just as tan as her husband's made its way up to the smooth complexion of her beautiful face. Her eyes were a stormy grey, dark and mysterious and framed by long, flowing blonde hair.

"Can I get you something to drink, Maggie?" bob asked.

"Yes, please." I said and then quickly replied as Bob began to pour a brandy, "I'm not twenty-one yet."

Bob chuckled and said, "When you're in my house you're as old as you want to be, all I ask, and I ask this of all of our friends, is that if you indulge in alcohol a little too much let me know and I will give you a ride home."

"Okay, well thank you, Mr. Morganson." I said and took the brandy from him.

"No, please dear, call me bob. You call me Mr. Morganson and I start looking over my shoulder for my dad." 

Janet started out the conversation, "So what has Tina told you about our little group here, Maggie?" 

"She told me what kind of parties you throw, that they're swinger parties. She told me that they take place three times a month and that sexual health is one of your top priorities. Which I think is very respectable." I told her.

"The safety and health of our friends and guests are most definitely our number one concern." Bob said as he piped in to the conversation. "We're all her to relax and have a good time. We enjoy each other's company both sexually and otherwise. The last thing we want is to spread disease."

"Very understandable," I replied.

"So, is that all Tina told you?" Janet asked.

"Pretty much, she told me to get tested for STD's or I wouldn't be allowed to participate and she told me that there was an interview process." I said.

"Which is what we're doing now, it's really just a chance to get to know each other. It gives us a chance to talk to you, make sure that you understand exactly what goes on here, and a chance to go over a few simple rules. The rules are for your benefit as well as everyone else here." Bob explained to me.

"Is there sex involved with the interview?" I had to ask. Not that I had a problem with that if there was, but if it was prerequisite to joining then it made it seem that I didn't have a choice in the matter.

"One thing you will find here, Maggie," Janet said. "Is that you will never be forced to do anything you don't want to do, all we ask is that you at least participate."

"What my lovely wife is getting at is that we have had members in the past that have used our parties as their own little porn movie, I guess you could say. They would come to the parties and never participate, only watch, now we do have member's that don't participate at every party for one reason or another. And that's fine, what we don't like to see though is it happening every time, we don't care for it, and neither do the rest of our guests. Consequently those individuals have not been invited to return."

"That's something you don't have to worry about with me. I actually just lost my virginity last weekend," I confessed. "So my experience is somewhat limited, but I enjoy sex too much to be just a passive observer. That's why when Tina invited me to come tonight, I jumped at the opportunity.

"That's good to hear, Maggie." Janet said, and then, "You asked earlier if sex was involved in the interview? Well, I believe in cutting right to the chase, feel free to say no if that's your decision, but I find you to be a very attractive young woman and I would love it if you would give my husband a blowjob while I watch." 

I looked back and forth between Bob and Janet, smiled and summoned Bob forward. He came to me without hesitation and stood between my wide spread knees. I don't know if it was the slight breeze from the oscillating fan that drifted up my dress and tickled my bare pussy or the act that I was just about to perform, but my cunt was tingling and dripping wet. I felt extremely naughty, I had just met this couple and I was about to put a strangers cock in my mouth and I was doing it willingly and happily. I ran both hands up his legs; my thumbs rubbing against his solid thighs as I closed in on my target, his slacks were already starting to tent up as he anticipated what was about to happen. I didn't immediately go for his zipper though - and he groaned his pleasure that I was going to drag it out - instead I cupped his balls through the thin material. They felt full and heavy already and I couldn't wait to taste the seed that they would soon produce.

Bob's eyes were heavy as he looked down at me, "Damn Janet, this little vixen has already got me so hot, I want to fuck her brains out."

"Maybe she'll let you, Bob." Janet said as she ran her hand slowly and seductively up her own leg mimicking my movements on her husband. Her dress slowly came up as her hand traveled the length of her creamy thigh. 

My attention was divided, I kept looking back and forth between Bob's growing cock and Janet's exploring fingers. Her dress was up around her hips now, she was wearing pink lace panties and it was obvious that she was horny; the crotch of her underwear was dotted with growing moisture. She rubbed her pussy through the thin fabric, I could smell her secret aroma as it wafted through the room, and the smell turned me on even further. I was now rubbing the very hard bulge under Bob's pants as I intently watch Janet rub her panty covered crotch.

"Ohhh yeah, Janet... rub your twat while I play with your husband's penis." My own pussy was throbbing now as it begged for attention. I wanted to rub myself, but at the same time I denied my impulses and let my desire build. 

I grasped Bob's zipper and pulled it down, then unbuttoned his slacks and they fell to the floor in a heap around his ankles. His cock, big and solid, literally slapped against my cheek as I continued to stare at his lovely wife's covered pussy.

"Suck on it Maggie," Janet moaned, "suck my husband's hard cock."

I was somewhat reluctant to turn my eyes from her beautiful body, but as soon as I caught sight of Bob's eight-inch throbbing member bobbing right in front of my face my mouth began to salivate and I could think of nothing better than to suck on his prick. I grasped his throbbing member in one hand and gave it a few experimental tugs eliciting a guttural moan as well as a delicious drop of precum that oozed from the tip and began to dribble down his hard shaft. My tongue snaked out and in one long languorous lap I gathered his tasty precum and followed it to the blood engorged head of his cock.

Bob sucked in his breath, a long hissing sound as I twirled my tongue around the tip a couple of time before I opened my mouth wide and descended down his large hard on. He tasted good and I gobbled up as much as he had to offer, my throat opening up to allow his cock to pass and farther still until my nose nestled against his pubic area.

"Oh, God!" I heard Janet gasp as she watched my mouth deep throat her husband. "I've never even been able to do that." She was awestruck that I could take it all and I had Mr. Hall and his nine-inch cock to thank for the practice.

I paid very little attention to my surroundings now as I became fully engrossed in the task at hand. I love sucking cock and was discovering that I was quite good at it. I loved everything about it, the salty-sweet taste of precum, the hardness of flesh as it guided across my tongue and down my throat and the reward for my hard work as the guy reach the final culmination and climaxed his hot sticky seed into my ready and waiting mouth.

"Goddamn, Maggie," Bob groaned. "Are you sure that you just recently started doing this? You suck cock like you've been doing it all your life."

I released him long enough to say, "I like cock, and I love to practice."

"Well baby, you can practice on me anytime you like."

"I might take you up on that." And with that I engulfed his tool again, this time taking half before backing off to bob rhythmically on his cock. Each time I pulled back till just the head rested between my lips and my tongue swirled around to gather up the ever present precum that now flowed constantly from the sensitive tip. Then back down, my teeth lightly grazing the skin and eliciting shudders and moans from Bob's hips and mouth. His legs were shaking now and I wasn't sure how he was continuing to stand upright, as though reading my thoughts, he moved to the side and sat down on the arm of the couch. I followed, moving my body slightly but never relinquishing my prize, his cock staying firmly in my mouth. 

The new position caused my dress to ride up and as my legs were still spread, one bent and resting on the couch now, and the other slightly out to steady myself on the edge, my pussy was clearly visible to Bob's gaze. He moaned again as he saw my unclothed and shaved pussy lips peeking out from between my parted thighs. 

"Oh Janet, she's so fucking hot darlin'. She's not wearing panties and I can see her hot little pussy, it looks absolutely delicious. It's shaved smooth and glistening with her wetness." I think he was getting even more turned on -- if that was possible -- by describing my pussy to his wife. "You really should see her, honey." He told her.

I hadn't even looked toward Janet once I had started sucking her husband's dick; it still felt somewhat weird doing it in front of her and knowing that she was willingly allowing it. I had a lot to learn about this lifestyle, but I had feeling that I was going to fully enjoy it. I may not have been watching Janet but I was more than aware of her, I could feel the heat radiating off of her luscious body and I could feel her toes lightly stroking against my hip at first and now my butt in this new position. I could feel her rubbing her pussy as she lounged on the couch, one leg curled up on the upholstery as her legs were spread wide and her back rested against the arm. I don't know if she had removed her panties or at least pulled them to the side but was pretty sure she had as every once in a while I could hear a faint sloshing sound as though she were vigorously fingering her sopping wet cunt. Her moans were as constant as her husband's had become as they both neared their respective orgasms.

I felt more than heard her move as she took Bob's advice and repositioned herself on the floor in front of me, her gaze was locked on my heated sex and her face was close enough for me to feel her breath.

"May I?" she asked.

I didn't have to ask what she was referring to and my pussy screamed out, "Yes, yes, and hell yes!" I spread my thighs, an open invitation and also let out a muffled "Mmm, hmm," as I was unwilling to let Bob's hard cock slip from my lips.

She got the message loud and clear though, and without further hesitation dove head first into my dripping snatch. I was so wet that I was sure that the back of my dress was soaked and probably the seat of the couch as well. Her tongue felt amazing as it drove through the soft folds of my pussy slit. She didn't immediately center on my clit either, instead she toyed with me -- driving me wild with lust -- as she lapped at the entrance to my channel, devouring my fluids as quickly as it flowed from my hot twat.

I was now moaning as loudly and enthusiastically as my hosts, which seemed to give Bob an even bigger thrill as my moans vibrated against his cock every time I took him deep into my mouth. My moans also encouraged Janet, who spread my pussy wide with her perfectly manicured fingers and with long swipes licked from my rosebud anus to my extended and sensitive clitoris. Then I felt first one finger then two, part my cunt lips and slowly enter my heated depths. In and out she plunged her fingers into me; faster and harder as she expertly finger fucked my slippery slit. At one point she curled her fingers upward and hit a spot that I had not even known existed, but when she pressed hard there, I shuddered and gushed as I climaxed onto her thrusting hand.

At that point I did have to release Bob's cock as I was shaking and screaming and coming harder than I had before. My pussy juice was spraying from my cunt the same way Tina's had done to me the other day. It felt like I would never stop cumming and I was sure that I would faint from the sheer pleasure that was coursing through my young body. I did finally come down though and as soon as I could catch my breath I engulfed Bob's solid cock flesh again and renewed sucking, this time with even more gusto as I worked to illicit the same response from him. 
