 In part 1 a young teenager tells her diary: how she learns about physical pleasure from a girlfriend; becomes addicted to masturbation; watches her girlfriend have wild sex from a closet; gets asked to study with a cute guy who ends up taking her virginity; and finally, about all the wild sex she has when he comes over to help her with her chores.

* * * * *

September 25

Dear Diary,

I think I am turning into a slut. I mean doing it with Shane was okay because I sort of consider him my boyfriend. But last night was something all together different. Well, Diary, I guess you'll have to judge for yourself after I tell you about it.

My parents gave Shane the third degree when he showed up for our date, but he did a perfect Eddie Haskell number on them. We escaped with a promise to have me home by midnight. Shane said there was a party later but we could go over to his friend Bill's house to hang out first. Bill lived in a mansion with an incredible rec room in the basement. It had a jukebox, dance floor with strobes, game parlor, a long bar stocked with every kind of drink and a small theater for TV and videos. Bill was there with a girl named Vicki who was in my history class. The lights were dimmed. Music videos were showing on the oversized TV screen while sound blasted from surround sound speakers and white strobes flashed across the dance floor.

Bill handed me a drink that looked like cranberry juice but was sweeter. After several sips I could feel warmth spreading through my body. It was loaded with alcohol. Bill and Vicki started dancing, rubbing and grinding their bodies together as they kissed and swayed to the music. When I finished my drink I was feeling very playful and carefree. I started doing a sexy bump and grind in front of Shane. I rubbed my hands along my hips and up my sides, brushing my tits before lifting them over my head and spinning around in circles. 

I started laughing and giggling as I danced over to Shane and planted a very wet kiss on his mouth. I felt his hand move between my legs. I humped his fingers until they slipped under the crotch and into my pussy. I pulled away laughing, spinning my way out to the dance floor.

Bill returned to the bar leaving Vicki on the dance floor with me. She was wearing tight black nylon slacks, which outlined the contours of her shapely ass, and a sleeveless silver and black top which showed nice cleavage and was cut just above her bellybutton. She had shiny black 3-inch heels on her feet. Bright red lipstick and long, straight dark hair added to her sex appeal. She turned to me and whispered, "let's give them a real show."

With that Vicki reached under her blouse, unsnapped her bra and let it fall to the floor. Next she peeled off her tight slacks and started dancing in a pair of skimpy black thong panties, which barely covered her pussy mound. I had to admire her rounded ass cheeks and flat stomach. She looked over at me and winked, whispering "your turn".

I was dressed much more conservatively, but I still felt playful. First I lost my white mini-skirt exposing my blue silk lace panties, which hugged my pussy mound and clung tightly to the curves of my ass. Then I unbuttoned my frilly purple blouse and flung it across the room. My dark red half bra pushed up the swells of my breast and exposed the edges of my dark nipples. I was wearing purple heels. Vicki and I swayed to the music in a sexy dance, teasing the guys with our eyes and touching ourselves suggestively without going too far.

Vicki suggested we show them some tit. I shrugged my shoulders saying "why not". In one swift movement Vicki pulled her top over her head and threw it to Bill. She had two of the most perfectly formed tits I have ever seen. I was a little intimidated but I couldn't stop now. I unsnapped my bra and felt my two breast jiggle freely as I danced to the music. Vicki danced towards Bill spinning around as she alternately shook her tits and ass towards him. She danced right up to him until he could lean over and suck her nipple into his mouth. Then he picked her up and carried her over to the couch. They disappeared behind the back as he was removing her panties. 

I shoved a hand down my panties and started fingering my moist pussy while I pinched my nipple with my other hand. Shane pulled out his cock and started stroking himself. He walked over to me, cock in hand, and stopped inches away. We gazed into each other's eyes while we continued masturbating. Loud moans and squeals were coming from the couch, but we were in our own world. I could feel a huge cum building in my belly. I rolled my clit between my thumb and forefinger. My eyes started to water. I bit my lip and started shaking, digging my fingers into Shane's chest as my pussy released. I screamed out loud. Juices gushed into my panties as I was consumed by a powerful orgasm.

Shane closed his eyes and said he was going to cum. I slid down until his cock was between my tits. He grunted as white goo streamed from his throbbing member. I put my nipple against his cock and felt his cum spray across the sensitive tip. I did the same thing with the other nipple. Gobs of cum kept erupting from his cock covering both breasts. I could feel it dripping between them and streaming down my stomach. I lowered my mouth and sucked the last few drops from him, then cleaned him with my lips and tongue.

Shane brought me a towel to clean myself, but I told him I wanted to leave it. I was feeling really wicked. About that time Vicki stood up and walked towards us to get her clothes from the dance floor. She was completely naked and I couldn't help but notice that her pussy was shaved bare. I could see her red clit poking out of her crack. Cum was leaking from her slit and running down her left leg. She looked up at me and saw the cum splattered all over my tits and winked at me. I should have been embarrassed, but I just giggled.

We drove over to Suzie's party in separate cars. Shane put his hand between my legs and started fingering me, so I unzipped him and stroked his manhood to hardness. He told me to suck it which I did, but then he couldn't finger me anymore so I had to do it myself. It just wasn't enough, Diary. I needed to be filled. I told him to stop the car. He pulled up to the curb in front of someone's house and I attacked him, climbing onto his lap and impaling myself onto his engorged cock. I went crazy bouncing up and down on him and rubbing my clit hard against him. I started cumming almost immediately and didn't stop until I felt the warmth of his cum squirting into me.

Afterwards I was really pissed that I didn't make him wear a condom. If I didn't watch it I was going to get pregnant. Anyway, we straightened our clothes and drove the remaining few blocks to Suzi's. Cars were all over the place, kids were running in and out of the house and music was blaring from the backyard. Kids who didn't even acknowledge my existence in school were saying "Hi". 

I was real thirsty and made the mistake of chugging a drink someone gave me that I thought was ice tea. It was loaded with whiskey and went straight to my head. I became giddy and started flirting with all the guys, smiling coyly and batting my eyes. Shane wandered off somewhere and I found myself talking to Jim, one of the guys on both the wrestling and football teams. I was laughing out loud to the dirty jokes he was telling me. 

I had to pee so Jim escorted me inside. The line to the bathroom was too long and I really had to go. Jim showed me upstairs to the master bedroom where they had this huge bathroom with a hot tub, shower, dressing table, TV, sofa and an array of mirrors and lights. Jim walked in with me and started looking around in amazement. I couldn't wait so I lifted my skirt, sat down on the toilet and started peeing. Diary, I couldn't believe I was doing it right there in front of him, but I was so drunk I didn't know up from down. He walked over and stood in front of me while I finished. I stood to flush the toilet, but he stopped me. He unzipped, pulled out his semi-erect penis and started peeing. I watched it mix with mine in the toilet. It was somehow erotic. I couldn't help but stare. I felt the urge to touch myself. My hand found a will of its own and wandered up to my left breast, kneading it and pinching my nipple through my blouse and bra.

When Jim was finished, he turned towards me and pulled my lips to his. Passion surged through my body as we kissed. I pressed myself tightly against him and ground my pussy mound against his leg. Jim guided me backwards against the dressing table. I could feel his manhood pressing against my belly. I reached between us and wrapped my fingers around it. He was even bigger than Shane. I wanted him in me.

Jim lifted my skirt and shoved two fingers into my searing cunt. I spread my legs and stood on my toes, propping my ass on the edge of the dressing table. I guided his cock towards my pussy. Jim bent his knees, pulled his fingers from me and shoved his engorged manhood deep into my cunt. As we fucked he pushed me up onto the top of the dressing table. I put my arms tightly around his neck and pulled my legs up under his arms. His big cock filled me completely. 

I was about to start cumming when trash started spewing from my mouth. I was saying things like "shove it up my cunt" and "fuck me like a whore". Then I lost it and began squealing as my pussy twitched and gushed all over his cock. I kept cumming and cumming as he hammered my cunt harder and harder. I was begging him to cum inside me even though I knew better.

Jim finally reached his breaking point. I actually felt him swell inside my pussy just before he erupted into me with a long, powerful blast of cum. He kept pumping me and filling my belly with his seed until it started to overflow my pussy. I had another strong orgasm as he was cumming in me. Our mixed juices streamed from my cunt and down my asshole into a pool on the table. 

He finally finished but kept his cock in me until my orgasm had subsided. When he pulled out of me I slid to the floor and started licking the juices coating his cock and balls. I finally stood and looked him in the eyes. He told me how great I was and asked if he could see me again sometime. I shrugged my shoulders and said sure as though it was no big deal.

We walked out of the bathroom to find two couples going at it side by side on the bed. One girl, who I recognized from my physics class, had her knees pinned to her shoulders and was getting hammered from above. The other was riding her partner's cock while he squeezed her tits. I looked closer and realized it was Shane she was riding. I didn't know whether to feel betrayed or relieved that I wasn't the only one cheating.

I looked at my watch and realized that I had to get home. Jim didn't have a car but said he knew someone that did. He introduced me to Ralph who said he'd be happy to give me a lift. About half way home I asked him to pull over so I could freshen up and look presentable to my mother who I knew would be waiting. We still had had about fifteen minutes and I didn't want to get home early. 

Ralph started babbling about how hard it was to get girls to date him. He told me how I was one of the nice girls and how much he admired me for it. I just giggled and said I wasn't as nice as he thought - if he only really knew. Anyway, he put his arm around my shoulder and pulled me close to him. We started kissing. His hand slowly worked its way up to my breast. Well, as usual, that made my pussy start to tingle. 

I was still drunk enough to act without thinking and realized I had been rubbing the bulge in his pants with my hand. What the hell, I thought, he seemed nice enough. I unzipped him, lowered my head to his lap and sucked him into my mouth. He slid easily into my throat where I held him as I massaged his cock with my throat muscles. Then I worked him over with my tongue and lips before taking him back into my throat. Poor Ralph didn't have a chance. I felt his cock swell and heard him grunt just before he released. 

I wasn't ready for the strength of the blast that hit the back of my throat. I gagged and had to pull him from my mouth. Well, he was spewing like a fire hose, spraying gobs of cum all over my face and hair. I finally got him back in my mouth but not before cum had drenched my face. Then it started dripping from my chin onto my blouse. 

Ralph actually thanked me and helped me clean up before driving me home. I put on lipstick, combed my hair after wiping the cum out of it and sucked on a breath mint. I couldn't get the blotches out of my blouse, but Ralph had an empty can of Pepsi that I carried into the house with me. My mom bought the story about spilling it at a stop sign just as I was taking a sip. I had to make up a story about going out to eat and then a movie, but after grilling me my mother seemed satisfied. I ran up to bed and fell quickly asleep.

October 6

Dear September 28

Dear Diary,

Well, if there was any question about what kind of girl I am, yesterday erased any doubts. A week ago I was a virgin. Today I'm a shameless nymphomaniac slut. Oh Diary, I know I should feel guilty about my behavior, but all I feel is the desire and need for more and more sex.

Yesterday I went to the mall with Judy to do some clothes shopping. I told her all about my date. Judy, always a step ahead of me, told me how she had fucked ten different guys at Ralph's math club party. She was doing two and three guys at a time in the back bedroom. She said the best part was getting to know Al, a skinny Italian kid who was new in school. He had the largest cock she'd ever seen, even bigger than Freddy's. But the best part, she said, was that he stayed hard the whole time and seemed to have an endless supply of cum. My pussy was leaking just from listening to Judy tell me about it.

We passed by "Frills and Thrills", a sexy lingerie store that makes Victoria's Secret look modest. Judy suggested we go in and check out the merchandise. We looked at see through panties, paper thin bras, g- strings, skimpy nighties, silk garters and other sexy items. Between the two of us we bought a whole bag full of items. As we were leaving we ran into Al. He looked like a homeless person had dressed him, and acted and sounded like the nerd he was. All I could think about, though, was the huge cock in his pants. I could feel my nipples get hard and my face flush just thinking about it. 

Judy suggested we go back to her place and put on a fashion show. She invited Al to come with us. He was so goofy, I wasn't sure what to expect. All I know is that I couldn't help but think about the huge cock that Judy had described.

Judy gave Al a video camera and told him to film our "fashion show". Judy and I went into the bathroom with the bag of lingerie. I told her I didn't think I could do this in front of a total stranger. Judy told me to "get a life." She handed me a skimpy white silk nightie with a matching string bikini bottom. The top barely covered my tits and was cut above my bellybutton. My nipples were poking visibly through the material. The patch of silk over my pussy barely covered the swell of my mound and was held in place only by a narrow string wedged into the crack of my ass. 

I felt self conscious and really sexy all at the same time. Judy pushed me into the bedroom. I just stood there at first, but when I saw Al taping me I started to strut about. It didn't take me long to really get into the part. I bent over at the waist shaking my tits for the camera. Then I spread my legs, rubbing my hand over my lower belly and along my inner thighs. I spread my ass cheeks while looking at him over my shoulder. I was on fire and could feel my pussy starting to leak. 

About that time Judy joined me wearing a skimpy pair of thin see through white panties and a skin tight pink tank top that showed her bright red nipples poking through. She danced over to Al, then dropped to her knees, unfastened his pants and pulled out this monstrous slab of meat. I couldn't believe the size of it. It had to be 12 inches long. Judy clamped her lips around him, taking several inches into her mouth. 

Al had the camera pointed down and was taping the blow job he was getting. I climbed onto the bed and scooted forward until my face was only inches from Judy's. I put out my tongue and started licking along his length. Judy took his cock from her mouth and fed him to me. I stretched my lips around him and massaged his engorged head with my mouth and tongue. I knew he liked it because I could hear him moaning with pleasure. 

Judy took him back into her mouth, so I rolled onto my back hanging my head over the side of the bed. After sucking him some more, Judy fed him back to me. At this angle I felt him slip deep into my mouth. The head wedged itself against my throat, which I opened wide. After a few strokes he slid several inches down it. Judy was licking his balls and stroking his cock as I continued to massage him with my throat and tongue. That was when I had my first orgasm. 

Al couldn't take it anymore. I felt him swell inside me, causing me to gag, just before his huge cock erupted with a powerful blast of cum. Most of it ended up in my mouth, but I also felt it shoot up my face as he fell from me. Judy pointed it at her face taking a powerful blast to the nose and eye before getting it into her mouth. She passed him back to me to let me suck out the last few drops.

What happened next was even more incredible. Judy climbed up on the bed straddling me with her hands and knees and thrusting her ass in the air above my head. She was begging Al to fuck her pussy and asking me to put him in her. I couldn't believe he was still hard, but I did as I was ordered. It was real turn-on to watch his huge cock slide in and out of her juicy pussy. Every time he pulled out her cunt lips grabbed his shaft and stretched along it. 

She was going crazy which caused her cum to glisten on his shaft. But when she had her first orgasm, juices poured from her cunt and dripped down his balls. I lifted my face and licked them clean, then pressed my mouth and tongue against his thrusting shaft. Well, Diary, somehow my tongue found Judy's pussy, and then her clit. She had another orgasm, only this time I sucked the juice from her as it poured onto his cock. I felt him swell, then grunt and realized he was filling her pussy with cum. When he was finished I pulled him out and sucked him into my mouth, washing the mixture of juices from his cock.

Judy's cunt quivered and started dripping cum all over my tits. I couldn't believe Al was still hard, but I was glad because my pussy needed a good pounding. I climbed out from under Judy and slid my ass to the edge of the bed, pulling my legs back and inviting him to enter me. Al quickly placed the massive head of his cock between my cunt lips and shoved it inside me. I could feel him stretching me as his cock slid deeper and deeper up my cunt. I started to cum even before he was all the way in me. I was thrashing around on the bed and pinching my nipples when I felt a strange sensation wash over my clit. I looked up and saw realized that Judy was licking it. This sent me off on a second orgasm. She pulled his cock from my pussy and sucked my juices from it, then licked my pussy before putting him back in me. He drove his cock deep into my belly causing me to scream out as I had another cum. 

Judy continued licking my pussy and clit as Al's cock glided in and out of my cunt. She swung her leg over my face and pressed her cum drenched pussy to my lips. The aroma was intoxicating. I opened my mouth and inserted my tongue, swirling it around inside her steamy cunt. My head was spinning and I was moaning into Judy's pussy from the extreme pleasure I felt every time Al slammed his cock into my belly. I was having one orgasm after another. I finally felt him pull out of me, shove his cock into Judy's mouth and grunt as he came.
