 1. Introduction

Dear Diary,

This is my special Diary for a very special week that I took on a cruise ship from Florida to the Caribbean. My best friend Sheena talked me into this and I have to admit that I very eagerly agreed.

But first some words about my own person:

My name is Nikhi. I´m 19 years old and I attend a college in Miami. My parents are from India but I was already born in the United States. I have always been raised in a very free, liberal atmosphere and my parents never hid their interest for sex from me. At twelve I was very interested in reading the “Khamasutra”. At thirteen my first sexual experience started with trying out first french kisses with my girl friends and very soon with boys too. At fourteen I let the first boy feel out my breasts and my pussy and at the same age I recognized that I was not only interested in boys but I also was very interested in girls too. I got to know a college lesbian couple and they introduced me into the great pleasures of same-sex love at the age of 15. They showed me how to lick pussy and how to suck tits. From the age of 16 I had sexual experiences with both, men and women, and had lost my virginity. I have always loved to enjoy sex as a great gift of god. All in all I have always preferred sex with girls and ladies but would never like to be without hetero sex too.

My body seems to be very attractive to both sexes and so I never had any difficulties to get the sex partners of my choice. 

Due to my Indian origin my skin always has an exotic looking, slightly brownish tan. My hair is completely dark-black and wildly curled with small curls. I wear my hair quite long, going down till the mid of my back. I have been told that I have a young looking, very pretty girlish face with kind of exotic, typically Indian features. My eyes are very dark and often are told to look kind of mysterious. My body is quite slim and well trained and has some nice curves too. So my B-cupped breasts are more than a man´s handful and very nicely shaped and very firm, with nice nipples, that grow hard and stiff very easily.

For one year I have been sharing a room with Sheena, my best friend on college. We got more than just friends during this year. We became lovers but on a very open minded basis. We both do have several other sex partners too and there never is any jealousy as we both no how to enjoy our life and separate between our love and the pleasure of sex.

Sheena told me how she earned very good pocket money during the holidays for a nice living during the year. She had paid herself a ticket to a cruiseship. She ensured me that the mainly mature guests – men and women – were very eager to get a young beautiful open minded girl into their cabin and bed. And they were very prepared to pay a good amount for a hot night. 

I have always loved new sexual experiences and I have always like a good life with some money to spend. So it was not difficult for Sheena to talk me into coming with her these holidays again and to work as a cruise ship whore.

2. First night as a cruise ship whore

Dear Diary,

Yesterday was my first night on board that wonderful cruise liner. It´s a huge, luxurious ship with almost 2000 guests on board. Most of them are well over 50 and seem to have quit a lot of money. 

Sheena and I took the cheapest cabin – but for us that shall be more than enough, as we are not planning to spend nights in our own cabin. Sheena still knew one of the Stewards who knew very well what the guests wanted and was prepared to “deal” for a little commission. 

Sheena was quickly invited to the table of an elderly gentlemen and very soon the were not at the table anymore. Today she told me that he really had been a gentlemen and had treated her as a real lady. At the age of 72 he had feasted on her young and firm body and had enjoyed the company of such a young, sexy girl with a gentlemen´s passion.

I was told by the Steward of a mature couple, that – he thought – would very much appreciate the hot spice of an exotic, young beauty like me. He introduced me to them and it was less than five minutes till it was clear how right he was. 

Both of them, very obviously could not get their eyes of me. They told me that this was a holiday to celebrate their 30ies wedding-day-anniversary. The man, called Steven, was 64 and his wife, called Helen, was 58. Steven did not have a lot of hair anymore, but obviously took quite care about himself. Like his wife he was a bit chubby. Helen had a very curvy, but not thick, figure with big breasts that seemed to sag quite a bit and her rather short hair was a silver-grey. She too was looking very lady-like. Helen had always dreamed of being with another woman and her husband was greatly in favour with that fantasy, as one can imagine.

We quickly agreed on 1.000 Dollars for that night. The thought of being paid, of being a whore, already made me hot, horny and moist between my legs. But I also was aroused by having sex with this mature couple. I had been with elder man earlier in my life, but never had been with a woman, older than 30 or so. 

Both were very excited. I could clearly see that Steven already had a hard-on that was pressing against his trousers. Helen was swallowing with excitement and she even was shivering when we entered the cabin. I believe I could even smell her love juices through her cloth. 

In the cabin the three of us started french kissing and four eager, excited hands were fumbling my body and stripping of my dress. I did not wear anything beneath and the mature couple was breathless about my body. Their hands moved up and down my body and they were feeling out my breasts, touching my hard nipples and fumbling my wet pussy. I loved the excitement in their movements. 

Finally Steven stripped of his cloth too. His cock was quite big and really hard. Playing with his pecker he sat down on the couch near the bed. Helen and I were still standing. Her hands started gently stroking my breasts and we passionately french kissed, while I started removing her dress, her bra and her panties. Her tits were really big but sagging quite a bit. Somehow I found that quite sexy.

Still standing I moved one of my hands to her pussy. She was soaking wet. I started touching he softly and made her moan of lust immediately. My mouth kissed down to her breasts and found her nipples. I started sucking them in exchanges. 

When I looked to Steven I saw him starring at our show with wide eyes, full of lust and his hand moving up and down his stiff cock. He was a very aroused husband.

I slightly moved Helen to the bed and we both let ourselves fall onto the bed. I lay on her soft chubby body and cuddled my body against hers. I made her feel my whole body, feel my own wetness and feel my hard, sexy nipples on her body. She moaned loud. 


I also took care that my ass was doing a sexy dance for Steven´s eyes and that my legs were spread enough to give him a great view not only at my firm, dark-skinned ass cheeks, but also at my juicy, sweet pussy. I heard him moan too. 

I kissed my was further down Helen´s mature but still sexy, chubby body. I looked into her eyes and saw her pure pleasure. Slowly I kissed down her soft belly and spread her legs. Her juices were flowing freely. I was very horny now too and eagerly pressed my mouth on her wet, reddish cunt lips. She tasted wonderful and passionately I started feasting on her mature pussy. I kissed her cunt lips, licked up and down her whole slit and let my tongue dance around her hard clit. 

Helen let out cry´s of purest lust. She soon was near a huge orgasm. 

I was licking her hard, eating all of her pussy cream, that I could get, went I felt Steven´s hand on my ass. He was moaning to, so aroused was he by our lesbian show. He felt out my wet pussy and I let my hips do a dance for him. He started finger fucking me and finally he slid his cock into my horny, hot pussy. 

It felt great to pleasure that mature lady between her legs with my tongue and to be fucked by her husband from behind at the same time. The passionate moans of the couple made me moan too. Steven was so excited to fuck me hard and I felt how Helen came into my mouth. 

I´m not sure if it was Steven´s fuck that made me cum, but more the feeling of making that married couple cum at the same time with my young, sexy body and being paid for it, that I came to a huge orgasm too, as Stevens load of sperm shot into my pussy. I was moaning my orgasm into Helen´s spasming pussy. 

Yes, I loved to be a whore and I think for a first time I was quite a good whore to this couple. The night was anything but over after that first round of orgasms. My mouth soon had made his cock hard again and my fingers kept Helen´s pussy wet. I made them cum another two times when I again licked Helen´s clit as she was fucked by her husband and as she was eating my pussy, while I knelt over her and Steven was fingering his wives cunt, while I was pleasuring his cock with my hands. 

I left their cabin in the morning with 1.200 Dollars (including a good tip) and a very satisfied body.

I was looking forward to the next evening already early in the morning, when I slipped into my bed cuddling against Sheena´s beautiful, sexy naked body, that was smelling of sex too.

Tell me if you want to read more of Nikhi´s special diary! Feedback, Votings and Comments are very welcome!!