 This is the continuation of my special diary that I opened for the cruise I took with my friend Sheena. We took the cruise to the Caribbean Sea to earn some extra money, using our sexy, young bodies. Just in case you did not read the introduction about myself and the events of the first evening on board that I told in “Diary of an Indian cruiseship whore” here a short description of my person:

My name is Nikhi, I have Indian origins and I´m 19. Due to my Indian origin my skin always has an exotic looking, slightly brownish tan. My hair is completely dark-black and wildly curled with small curls. I wear my hair quite long, going down till the mid of my back. I have been told that I have a young looking, very pretty girlish face with kind of exotic, typically Indian features. My eyes are very dark and often are told to look kind of mysterious. My body is quite slim and well trained and has some nice curves too. So my B-cupped breasts are more than a man´s handful and very nicely shaped and very firm, with nice nipples, that grow hard and stiff very easily.

Day 2:

Dear Diary,

Sheena and I slept till noon and then took a quite playful shower together. And while we were soaping each other, paying very special attention to our pussies and our breasts, we told each other the events of last night. We got a bit hot from that talk and of course from our erotic showering and so we fingered each other to a seat orgasm, kissing passionately and rubbing our breasts on each other, before we stepped out of the shower.

After the shower we both dressed in a very small, white bikini, that would be a bit see-through when wet and the panties were strings. So we both were looking very hot. We went for the pool area and looked around. 

It was not long till our Steward had made new appointments for both of us. 

Three elder men were playing cards. One was almost bold. He was very slim and seemed to be the oldest one. The second one still had full grey hair but was very chubby not to say heavily overweight. The third one seemed to be a mixture of his two friends. He missed some hair and the rest was grey and he was chubby but not like the second one. I soon learned that the slim one was 69 and called Pete, the thick one was 64 and named Jake and the third one was called Alan and was 65. 

They wanted me to join them in one of their cabins. I was not so happy with this deal as I didn´t really want to please that three, old men, but deal was deal and they were paying really good. For spending the afternoon they would pay me 1.500 Dollars. 

It was soon clear that these three guys were far away from being as lovely as the couple I had served last night. They were rather rude in their expressions – and not only with their expressions.

With rough hands they ripped my bikini off my body and six hands grabbed for my breasts and my pussy. I had to concentrate real hard and had to use my fantasy to become moist and look aroused to my three male customers. 

I was never called by my name but rather called whore or slut. They stripped themselves naked too. 

Feeling me out eagerly they directed me to the bed and made clear that they wanted to fuck me all three at the same time. I had never done that before and this was the first time that I got a bit aroused myself this afternoon. The thought of feeling three stiff cocks in me made me hot. 

Jake, the thick one, already lay on his back on the bed. He had a real big cock. I started teasing my pussy with my fingers to get real wet and to cream my anus with my pussy juices too. 

The three old men like my little masturbation show. So we all benefited. My customer got even hotter, I got myself aroused and prepared my butt. 

Finally I spread my legs and lowered my body onto Jake´s hard, waiting cock. He fully filled my tight pussy. He instantly started moving his big hips up and down, fucking me hard. Alan knelt at Jake´s side. Roughly he grabbed my head and pressed me towards his erect cock. I took it into my mouth and started giving him a blow job. Pete took me from behind. So I was filled with three cocks and all of them were fucking me hard. 

They had no same Rhythm. Each of them only concentrated on his own orgasm and strangely it was exactly that rude, pure sexual eagerness that got me hot, too. I concentrated on the thought of the situation. Three old, not very attractive men that were screwing a young, Indian college girl, that got paid for sex. That thought finally made my juices flowing. 

Alan was the first to cum and he shot his whole load into my mouth. I played my role as a real slut and swallowed it all. And I had to admit that I really like it, as I did so. 

Soon after Alan had cum, Jake and Pete filled my pussy and my anus with their cum. 

Pete was exhausted after his fuck and just sat at the couch as Alan and Jake changed positions and I then was fucked by Alan and had to give a blow-job to Jake.

When I left my pussy was dripping of the cum of these old men, filling my bikini panties. It had been a new experience to me, to get fucked like a real whore by three men at the same time. Somehow it was specially arousing but all in all I clearly preferred customers like the couple, that I had served yesterday. Maybe it had been too much men.

Sheena had not come back to our cabin, when I had showered. So I decided to leave alone again. I dressed in a sexy short, black dress with no panties and no bra beneath. 

I wanted something different now. So I asked our Steward, if there were any interested ladies, too. 

He introduced me to a lady in her sixties. She was looking and behaving like a very fine upper class lady. She was dressed in a very expensive looking dress and wore quite some jewellery. She had grey hair and for her age a rather slim body, with rather small breasts. 

She offered me her hand for a kiss. We agreed on 1.000 Dollars again.

We made conversation about arts and culture for a long time. And there was no mention of sex at all. She was the complete difference to the three men. She even seemed a bit cold, but on the other hand it was exactly that behaviour that made her attractive to me. 

I learned that her name was Elisabeth and she was 66.

I wanted to make a hot too. I wanted to see how this fine lady reacted when lust overwhelmed her. So I started offering deep looks down my breasts and between my legs. 

After she had caught sight of my opened legs and my naked pussy, that had got moist of excitement, she shook her head and said:

“You are a very naughty, young lady. I think I should teach how to behave, young lady!”

She then commanded me to her cabin. I was really wet, when she told me to strip naked and lay over her thighs. 

I got a soft but very long spanking but also a lot of gentle fumbling by her hands. I enjoyed that spanking amazingly and was close to cum just by her spanking and teasing hands. After each stroke she had teased my ass and my pussy a bit. And never she had said anything sexually orientated. 

After the spanking she disappeared into the bathroom. She wore a nightgown when she came back and slipped under the bedsheets. 

“If you are a naughty girl you can come under the sheets now too.”, Elisabeth finally said. 

I was incredible horny now, due to the cool behaviour of that lady. I wanted nothing more than to please her. 

I crawled under the sheets. I kissed my way up her legs and slowly moved her nightgown up to her hips. Her pussy was shaved clean of any hair. She was wet, very wet. I was pleased with that. 

Eagerly I pressed my mouth against her pussy and started licking her. Beneath the sheets I did not hear her moan – and I´m sure she did not moan. She would enjoy her pleasure silently. And by her convulsing cunt and the waves of pussy juices I could tell for sure that she came several times due to my passionate licking, my wild tongue and wet kisses to her pussy lips. She did not stop me from licking her until I guess she had cum at least four times. 

She then commanded me to crawl out of her bed again. She gently fumbled my breasts with my aching hard nipples, while she paid me and said in a cool tone:

“You are a very naughty girl. I think you have to be told a lot of behaviour. I want you to dine with me tomorrow at eight and afterwards I will teach you a long lesson. For now you can go, young lady.”

She gave me 1.500 Dollars and sent me to my cabin without having even seen her breasts, far from her whole body. My pussy was almost aching with arousal. 

Horny I threw myself to my bed and started fingering myself, when the door opened and Sheena slipped in. She caught me masturbating and willingly assisted me with all her hot body and her lips, tongue, fingers, breasts and own pussy in special. 

She had served a couple this night, that had not made her cum and so I too had to do her a sexy favour and willingly I did. 

When I finally fell asleep in Sheena´s arms I was thinking of the next evening to cum with the cool lady and I was also wondering of my next afternoon customers.



Feedback, Comments and Votings are always very welcome!!!!! Don´t forget to read the first part “Diary of an Indian cruiseship whore” first!!!