 February 18th 

Today was a good day. Spent time with Laura shopping, bought the cutest outfit. Must remind myself to go back to that little bakery...the man working there was...ummmm, so yummy!! Well diary, I'm exhausted...until next time... 

February 24th 

Wow!!! That's all I can say diary...went back to that little bakery and met "the man." His name is Daniel. We've been talking for the past few days, and now we have a date tomorrow. Hmmm, I wonder what I'll wear???? 

February 26th 

Sorry I missed you last night...but oh, what a night I had. First, Daniel took me to this wonderful little Italian restaurant. We then decided to go for drinks. Pretty soon, we were both, "happy." He invited me back to his apartment...and wow!!! At first, we talked, but soon we were kissing...and his lips are so soft. He has the most playful tongue I've ever seen...he was sooooo sensual too. I've never been kissed in the places where he kissed me!!!! well, again, I'm exhausted...(ha ha ha) until tomorrow. Oh, P.S.--->I'm going to see him tomorrow night, so I'll keep you posted... :) 

February 27th 

Oh...diary, last night I was in sexual heaven. We decided to do a little roleplay...He was the master, of course!! and I was the obedient little slave. At first, I was unsure, but let me say, that every woman should be a slave at least once. First he had me change into something he'd gotten for me. He said it was more "appropriate" for the "mood." (he must have great eyes, because he got me the right size!!) It was a black leather corset, with holes around the breast area to bare my nipples. It was tight and went down to my bellybutton. I also had a black leather thong. I have to say, the sight of seeing myself in that outfit turned me on!!! Daniel then blindfolded me...now that was exciting. He has this huge four poster canopy bed. He had me stand and face one of the corner posts, and then he tied my hands to it. I was breathing so fast, I thought my lungs would collapse!! First he took a large feather, and traced up and down my legs. Starting at the top, he went down on the outside, and came back up on the inside, stopping right at the top of my inner thighs. All I could do was moan...Then he knelt down behind me, and began massaging and kissing my ass. He got up and I could hear him fumbling around, so I asked him what he was doing. He said, "Slaves don't speak unless spoken to first, got it Pet?" The stern, yet sexual tone in his voice was so erotic...I simply said, "Yes, Master." He came and stood close behind me and said, "Now, lets tame you Pet." With that, he swatted me on my ass. I cried out...it stung!! He took his hand and gently rubbed the spot. Then he swatted me again, and again, and again...each swat getting harder and harder. I have to admit, once I knew what he was doing, I liked it. He spanked me 10 more times until my skin turned a bright pink. "Nice Pet, nice..." 

He untied me and took the blindfold off. He told me to face him, "Now, Pet, remove my clothes." After I'd removed his clothes, he said, "Kneel before me Pet." I knelt down...he was fully erect. "Now, pleasure your Master...," and he guided my head towards him. I took my tongue and ran it across and around the head of his cock...to tease him a little. My lips parted and I took in just the head, sucking gently. I then took him all the way in, savoring him. His moans were ecstasy to my ears. I began moving faster and faster, sucking harder and harder. "Taste me Pet, all of me." and he grabbed my hair and pulled me closer...then he exploded. I could feel it trickle down my throat...he tasted so sweet...well, diary, there's more, lots more, but my hand is tired of all this writing. I will be seeing him in a few days, so I'm sure I'll have more to tell you, until then...adieu!!!!!!!! 

March 2nd 

Ok, diary...I have been very adventurous...I know I mentioned my friend Laura to you. The other night, I needed to get something from Daniel's house. Laura was with me...while we were there, I noticed him "looking" at her. Laura is very attractive. He asked if we wanted to stay and have a drink, and of course we did!! Pretty soon, we were all a little "tipsy," to say the least. I was sitting next to Daniel...he started massaging my shoulders. Laura was sitting on the other side of him, watching...he looked over at her and said, "Why don't you do this, she is your friend." Laura smiled, and came and sat by me. Daniel sat back while Laura started massaging my shoulders. Her touch was so soft...she began to move her hands down my back...then her hands came around and began massaging my breasts. 

I was so turned on by this point. She leaned forward and began kissing my neck as she caressed my breasts. She then removed my shirt and bra. I turned to her and began kissing her passionately. Her lips are soooo soft...I began undressing her. Daniel watched silently. Once we were completely undressed, she began kissing my breasts...the feeling was incredible. I wanted to taste her too, so I leaned forward and hungrily took her breast in my mouth...and sweet she was. Daniel undressed and walked around me. Laura was sitting back on the couch...I began tasting her sweetness as Daniel thrust himself in me. For a few minutes, it was pure ecstasy...me giving my friend pleasure, and Daniel pleasuring me at the same time...I believe we did what is called a menage a trois....(ha ha ha) Oh, diary, I have been a bad girl, but what fun it is!!! until next time... 

March 18th 

Well, diary...here I am. I bet you were wondering what happened to me. Daniel and I took a trip to Cancun. The beaches there are soooo beautiful. The sand looks like powder...and the water is sooo clear. We had so much fun. One particular night, we were out late. We decided to have fun right there on the beach!! I was wearing a scrumptious little black bikini. It was shiny lycra with little silver studs outlining the edges. Daniel and I lay kissing...and he reached under and untied my top. The moon was full, and the sound of the waves crashing was romantic beyond belief!! He began kissing my neck, moving over and taking turns sucking on my earlobes...(God!! that turns me on!!) He then used his tongue to trace a trail down to my breasts. His tongue glided gently across the nipple of my right breast. I took my hand and massaged the left one at the same time...He then took my nipple into his mouth and sucked...then he lightly bit it...ooooohhh, now that's nice...then he went to the left one. He slowly made his way down, stopping to lick around my bellybutton. By the way, it's pierced, so he played with my bellybutton ring too...(tickles...hee hee hee) 

He was on his knees between my legs, and leaned forward and removed my bikini bottom. At this point, I was completely naked, right there on the beach!! But I didn't care...this felt tooooo good. He began kissing my inner thighs, licking and sucking at the same time. He then buried himself into me...probing me with his tongue...in and out...my whole body was on fire. I could feel his tongue moving up and down me, then probing me, in and out...my orgasm was violent to say the least...my eyes rolling in the back of my head, and my back arched high...my moans getting louder and louder, "Mmmmmmm." He savored every drop of me...then came up and kissed me passionately...

his breath sweet with my juices...As we lay there, we heard something to the left of us. We looked over and could only laugh. There about 20 feet away was a couple, watching and getting hot themselves. They'd watched the whole thing!! We smiled at them, and continued...making love on the beach...well, diary, I need to unpack. My bed looks soooo comfy right now...night... 

March 25th 

Well diary, I must say, Daniel loves roleplay... as I do. But to make things interesting, I was the Mistress this time and he was the slave. This was new to me, but I was actually a very good Mistress. Demanding and firm...but sensual if he obeyed me. Before he came over, I made sure I would have everything I needed...I heard the doorbell ring..."Come in." Daniel entered and his mouth dropped opened...I was the Mistress at that point. I wore a black leather studded bra with matching shorts...(I mean very short shorts} and a pair of thigh high black leather stiletto boots with studs around the ankles. Around my head was a black blindfold type mask...that only covered the eye area. Of course there were holes for me to see through...I held a riding crop...and tapped it on my left hand with my right hand...showing my power. I said, "Come my pet...enter my chambers." Daniel dutifully walked to me..."Yes Mistress." I led him to the back room, where I had covered the windows with large pieces of black velvet...to block out any sunlight. Candles were burning all around, giving the room a wonderful glow. I place the bed in the middle of the room. I walked in behind him and shut the door.

"Before we begin, you must agree that you will obey every command I give...if not, I WILL PUNISH YOU. I may punish you anyway, if I SEE FIT. In here, you are my slave, and you WILL DO whatever your Mistress tells you...is that understood Pet?" He looked at me...and started to speak..."No Pet, look down unless I give you permission to look at me. You will do nothing unless I give permission." He lowered his eyes in submission, "Yes Mistress."

"Nice Pet...now, remove your clothes...ALL OF THEM...NOW." I watched as he undressed, never looking up once. I walked over and smacked his bare ass with the riding crop. He looked up startled. I smacked him again...this time he lowered his eyes. "Good Pet, I will deal out punishment when I see fit, but I may also spank you simply because I want to." 

Once he was undressed, I let him stand there a minute...languishing in his nakedness. "Now, turn towards the bed and bend over it." He obeyed like a good slave should. I came up behind him... rubbing my hand over his ass...massaging and pinching...then I took the riding crop and smacked him five times on each cheek. Once his skin was a nice blushing pink...I stood very close to him, and rubbed myself against him... knowing the touch of cool leather would feel good next to his skin. "Turn around and thank your Mistress for showing you kindness slave." 

He turned around...and placed his mouth on my breasts...sucking through the leather..."Yes, Pet...thats nice..."

"Now Pet, get on the bed...on your knees and face the headboard." 

I went around and handcuffed him to the headboard. He looked delicious there...hands reached out...handcuffed to the bed...on his knees...cock erect. I came up behind him on the bed...pressing my breasts against his back. My hands reaching around, caressing his stomach...My right hand reaching down, taking his cock into my hand and pumping him slowly...His breathing came faster...his hips moved in motion with me. I stopped...and brought both hands to his chest... 

"Not yet, sweet Pet..." I got up and came back with a bowl of ice...Taking the ice...I traced a path up the back of his legs...then around and around his ass...slowly making my way around to the front. I placed a piece of ice in my hand and proceeded to pump his cock again...he shivered, but did not wince. I played with him for a few minutes...then removed the handcuffs. "Turn to me Pet..." He turned, eyes down..."Now, please your Mistress...You are to undress me with your teeth...then explore my body with your tongue." 

He leaned forward and fumbled with the hook of the bra...(which was in the front) with his teeth...and got it undone. He bit down on one strap and managed to remove it. I stood up on the bed...and stuck my left leg out. With his teeth, he unzipped the boot...then the other...then I thrust my hips very close to him...He bit down on the waistband...and slowly removed the shorts...I stood completely naked before him..."Now Pet, taste your Mistress." With that, his tongue glided in and began exploring. After a few minutes I stopped him. "Very nice Pet...now, lay down..." He laid back...I stood before him...one leg on each side of him..."What would you do to please your Mistress now? You may speak Pet." 

"I want my Mistress to sit...and let me finish tasting her..."

"Yes, that would please your Mistress...but, I would like a tasty treat too." 

With that, I turned around...and placed myself so that we were in the perfect 69 position. I felt his hands on my ass as he pulled me closer to him...his tongue finding its way back...I leaned down, and began licking him...just at the top of his cock...then taking it in...sucking...A few minutes went by as his tongue probed me...licking and sucking...my lips wrapped tight around him...taking his cock as far in as I could...and then together we came...each giving the other the taste of our orgasm...I turned around...and came up to him..."Kiss me Pet, taste your sweetness as I taste mine." Our tongues probing each other's mouth...kissing deeply...it was pure sensual pleasure...Well, diary, I have indulged much to you this time...but as I said, I enjoyed being the Mistress...I think I shall like spanking him again...seeing his skin glow so perfectly pink... Mmmmmm, now that's nice... 

March 31st 

Daniel treated me to a most delightful dinner the other night. Well...actually, it was the dessert that was, tantalizing...As we were sitting at the table, just finishing dinner, Daniel looked at me with a very seductive look on his face and asked, "Ready for dessert?" I grinned because I knew he had something up his sleeve. So, I reciprocated the sexiness and answered in my (I want sex) voice, "...yes." As he led me to the back room, he turned and told me, "I hope you like what I've done with the room." As we entered, I became breathless. The bed was covered in a black velvet comforter. He had the celing adorned with etched mirrors from end to end. A single painting hung above the headboard. As I looked closer, I noticed it was a reproduction of Salvador Dali's "The Great Masterbater." 

He led me to the bed, where he undressed me slowly. After removing my clothes, he laid me back on the bed. The velvet was soothing against my skin. "Wait here," he said. He returned a few minutes later holding a silver tray. Upon the tray, was whip cream, chocolate syrup, vanilla ice cream and fresh cherries. He smiled and said, "I have been craving a sundae for some time...might you indulge me?" I shivered in anticipation. First, he leaned forward and spread my legs. He bent down and kissed me softly on my inner thighs. Reaching over, he scooped up some ice cream in his fingers and spread it around between my legs. I shook from the coldness, but languished in the sensuality of it. The ice cream dripped slowly down...cold, creamy droplets running along my soft eager flesh. Next, he poured the chocolate syrup over the ice cream, where it drizzled down, coating me entirely. The whip cream was laid on top of that...and for the finish, a fresh cherry adorned the entire feast. He leaned forward, admired his masterpiece, and his tongue began dancing around...He licked and savored the sweet flavor. He started licking faster and faster. I was in complete ecstasy, wriggling around, moaning deeply. At last, the sundae was gone, except for the cherry. He licked around it, and then picked it up with his lips...and began devouring it, and me! His tongue thrusting faster and faster into me, tasting the combination of my sweet flavor mixed with his seductive sundae. I let out one final moan of pure pleasure, and he savored every drop...As you can see diary, dessert isn't just dessert, if you have an imaginative cook!!! Adieu...:) 

April 7th 

Hello diary...sorry I've been away. But, don't worry, I'm going to catch you up... :) Hmmm, let see, where do I start? Well, a few days ago, I decided to stay home to work. I'm usually not home during the day, so the happenings during that time are alien to me. Around mid-morning, I heard a knock at my door. I peered out and saw it was my next door neighbor, Sandra. I know her only casually, so I was curious as to what she wanted. I opened the door and invited her in. "How are you?" she asked, "I thought you might be sick or something because your never home during the day." I explained to her that I was just doing some paperwork. "Oh, well I was coming back from my morning walk, and noticed your car, so I was just curious....you know, you should go walking with me sometime." 

I thought a moment, "Yes, that would be nice." I did noticed for the first time what great shape she was in. Standing about 5'5", she is the same height as I am. She has medium length blonde hair, and a nice tan. I would say about a size 8....again, about the same size as I am. (Although I am a redhead)...I invited her to stay for a cup of coffee, but she decided that she wanted to show me something at her house...Once over there, I was amazed at decor...very soft, yet bold at the same time. We went through a few things, kind of getting to know each other, when she asked me, "Want to see my real husband?" 

I laughed, and said, "Hmmm, ok." Upstairs, in the bedroom, she brought out an extremely large dildo. I laughed in spite of myself..."So, this is your real husband?" She looked at me strangely, "Yes...you don't have one?" I admitted that I didn't. "Well, have you ever played with one before?" she asked. Again, I thought, "No, I haven't." She looked at me coyly, "Want to play with this one?" With that she approached me...and caressed my hair with her hands. 

Then we kissed. Her lips were so soft. We began removing our clothes...I cupped her breasts, and took turns licking and sucking them. She lay back, and I positioned myself between her legs. Mmmmm, she was delightful...I spread her soft nether lips and ran my tongue the length of her. I inserted my tongue inside her...thrusting it in and out. Then I took her clit and sucked it in...rolling my tongue around it. I could feel her cumming...and thrust my tongue back inside her...as deep as I could..."Yes baby," she said. Then I layed back, and she took her dildo and rubbed it around my nipples...teasing me. She brought it to my mouth and I made the motions of sucking it for her. 

"Now, it's your turn," she said. She lowered herself down, and caressed the rubber phallus up and down...again teasing me. "You want it?" she asked. "Oh, yes... please..." I murmured. She gently inserted the head....and began thrusting it deeper and deeper...I couldn't hold out much longer...She began moving faster and faster, massaging my clit with her fingers while she fucked me with her dildo. I had a fantastic orgasm....which she leaned forward and inserted her tongue instead of the dildo and drank me in...We began kissing again, tasting each other. After I went home, I realized that I may need to work at home more often... :) 

Until later my dear diary.... adieu