 Author's note, Remember the children's stories about Dick and Jane? See Dick run.  See Jane run.  Well they ran into each other after they grew up then got married and a few years later discovered recreational sex.  For those dog lovers Spot didn't make it so there are no stories about Spot. 

The Erotic Adventures of Dick and Jane

Jane and Dick are a 30 something couple that live in the Southwest, somewhere around Phoenix.  They do not think of themselves as swingers since they do not go to swing clubs or parties or anything so organized.  They just enjoy having sex with their friends; and they make friends easily most everywhere they go.  They have been married for about 20 years and have many friends and have had many adventures; but how did it all get started?

It started about 10 years ago at a party when Jane had a little too much to drink.  A male friend had been hitting on her for months and that night the more he flirted the more nervous she got and the more she drank.  Jane was not sure why she had accepted this invitation but after 10 years of marriage having a man other than her husband desiring her was flattering.  Now the more she drank the more she enjoyed his advances and the more he drank the bolder his advances became.

Stacy came over and ask Dick to dance.  As they left Tim ask Jane if she wanted another drink and led her into the den where he has a bar and not into the kitchen.  He fixed her a drink and as he handed it to her he bent down and kissed her.  She knew she should pull away but was powerless to do so.  She surprised herself, not only was she accepting his kiss she was returning it.  When the kiss broke Jane said: "I know I should not be doing this but I can't stop."  Tim said, putting down the glasses, "Then don't stop" and he pulled her into his arms and they kissed again more deeply.  As he kissed her he slid his hand into the top of her dress and massaged her tit.  She knew she should resist but instead reached down and massaged his cock through his pants.  She knew that there was no turning back now.

They break the kiss and look at each other as if to say "are we sure about this?"  Suddenly Jane jumped into Tim's arms like a schoolgirl in heat and ground her pussy against his leg.  As she kisses him deeply Tim reaches under her skirt and rubs her panty covered pussy.  Jane whispered in his ear, "what about your wife and my husband?"  Tim pulled back far enough to look at her but kept rubbing her pussy and said, "If Stacy gets her way, they are doing the same thing."
Jane: "I'm not sure Dick would and I couldn't live with it if I did and he didn't."

Tim: "Then let's go find them."

Jane: "I'm not sure if I want to find them together so I won't feel so guilty and we can go back to what we were doing, or do I want to find him alone."

Tim: "either way, let's go find them."

They looked in the living room where the last of the partygoers were still dancing, no Dick, no Stacy.  Tim says, "That's a good sign" to which Jane responds, "I don't know, I'm not sure how I'll feel when we find them."  Tim pulled her close and started rubbing her pussy again and whispered in her ear, "Hopefully as excited as I will be, I love watching her with other men."

This is a first for Jane and this is the first time Tim suggested that this be anything but a first for them as well.  Before she could react Tim pulled her toward the basement door and put his finger to his lips for her to be quiet.  They tiptoed down the stairs.  Jane didn't know what she would find around the corner at the bottom of the stairs, and she didn't know what she wanted to find.  There was a mirror at the bottom of the stairs and as they approached it Tim pulled Jane in front of him.

When she saw the image in the mirror she froze.  There was her husband and his wife kissing.  Stacy was back against the pool table with a cue in her hand.  She had her arm around Dick and was kissing him deeply.  Tim said something that brought Jane back and she said, "What?"  Tim said, " I said, should we announce ourselves or do you want to watch for a while?"  Jane turned back to the image in the mirror and said, "They have not had as long as we have had, let's give them some time."

Jane could not believe how hot she was getting watching her husband kissing another woman.  The fact that she had just been with the woman's husband, and that he was standing in back of her with one hand under her skirt in her panties playing with her pussy and his other hand in her top massaging her bare tit and saying things like. "Don't they look beautiful together?" didn't help.

When Jane could stand no more, either seeing or feeling, she walked into the room and said, "You were right Tim, here they are."  Stacy was just reaching for Dick's cock and she and Dick froze like deer caught in the headlights.  Jane walked over and kissed Dick on the cheek and said, as she patted Stacy's hand still on Dick's cock, "We've been watching you in the mirror and if I don't help you you'll never get anywhere."  She picked up Stacy's skirt and saw she had no panties on.  Jane took Dick's hand and put on Stacy's pussy.  She massaged Stacy's pussy with Dick's hand and said, "Think you can handle it from here?  I have my own things to do."  Jane walked back over to Tim and kissed him hard.  She took his hand and put it under her skirt.  While she was kissing Tim and getting her pussy rubbed she looked back over at Dick who had this "I can't believe this is happening" look on his face but still had his hand on Stacy's pussy.  Jane pushed Tim away and pulled her skirt up and told Tim, "pull off my panties so we can all start even."  Tim got down in front of her and slowly pulled her panties down.  As she stepped out of them she shoved Tim's face into her pussy.  Stacy gave out a yell as she pulled her dress over her head and said, "Let the party begin." 

Tim could see that Jane's knees were getting weak and led her over to the couch, but before she sat down she unzipped her dress and dropped it to the floor.  Stacy led Dick to another couch on the other side of the pool table.  As the girls sat down the guys were back on the floor lapping at their pussies, just like well-trained dogs.  The girls would stroke their "pet's" head as they lapped away.

It was Jane who finally stood, pulling her pussy away from Tim's face and said, "I think it is time that these guys get naked."  Stacy reluctantly pushed Dick from her own pussy and said, "I agree."  The girls stripped the guys to their birthday suites and within moments had the others husband's cock in their mouth and feasted as wildly as the guys had done to them. The guys were ready to cum in a short time and while Jane took Tim's cock and pumped it till it splashed all over her tits, Stacy clamped her mouth on Dick's cock until every drop had been sucked from it.  Both men fell back on the couches.

Jane was sitting on the floor as Stacy joined her and said, "My husband can be so messy" as she scooped some of Tim's load off Jane's tits with her finger.  Jane said, "My husband usually is too."  Stacy winked and said "I took care of that" and she leaned in and licked Jane's tits clean.  After cleaning Jane off Stacy looked at her husband and then back to Jane and said, "I can get him hard enough to fuck you, but I want to be right here watching."

Jane: "What about Dick?"

Stacy: "He can watch with me."

Jane started to reply: "I don't kno....." when she felt a hand on her shoulder and heard Dick's voice, "Go for it.  I think I would like to see this."

Jane: "are you sure about this?"

Dick: "We both know you are going to be fucked by Tim sometime tonight.  I would like to be there."

Stacy went about bringing her husband back to fuckable condition as Jane and Dick watched.  Dick sat holding his naked wife knowing full well that as soon as Tim was able he would be fucking her.  Dick was absentmindedly stroking Jane's tits and watching Stacy when she said, "I think he is ready!"  Jane jumped to her feet and yelled, "So am I."  Dick was surprised at how eager Jane was, but it was his idea.

They pull the end of the couch away from the wall and Dick and Stacy get on either side.  Jane walks up between them and bends over the arm, she looks back at Dick one last time asking, "Are you sure about this?"  Dick leans down and kisses her saying, "I think I want this as much as you do.  Just enjoy it, I know I will."  Tim steps up behind her and you just about expect to hear a fanfare.  Stacy takes Tim's cock and brings it to the entrance of Jane's pussy.  She rubbed it up and down teasing Jane then leaned down kissed her on the back of the neck and said, "Just enjoy it."  As she let go of Tim's cock he shoved just the head into Jane's pussy and Dick knew he was hooked.  He would never get enough of seeing Jane get fucked

Tim slowly slid his cock into Jane and about half way Dick touched his arm and he stopped in mid-stroke.  Dick just stood there looking at this cock in his wife's pussy.  Stacy said, "It is beautiful isn't it?"  Dick let go of Tim's arm and Tim shoved his cock all the way into Jane's pussy.  Tim started pumping in and out and Jane pushed back matching him stroke for stroke.  Dick was stroking his own cock as he watched these two fucking.  Stacy came over behind him and said, "Don't get to carried away, our turn is next."

Tim was slamming into Jane so hard he was moving the couch.  Then he made one last shove and stopped balls deep in Jane's pussy.  All four stopped breathing as he emptied load after load into her.  When he let out his breath so did all the others.  Tim leans over Jane and kisses her back.  As his cock slips out Stacy gets down on the floor bringing Dick with her.  She sucks Tim clean and when his cock slips from her mouth she turns to Dick and says, "I just love sucking Tim's cock when it has some other woman's juice on it.  Try it" as she points to Jane's dripping pussy.  Jane is in another world and doesn't even know her husband is licking another mans cum from her pussy.

Tim said he needed a break and went to fix more drinks.  Dick sat next to Jane on the couch and ask, "well, how was it?"  Jane replied, "It was out of this world.  How was it for you?"  Dick smiled and said, "Watching you get fucked has just become my greatest pastime."  Tim returns with the drinks and Stacy is sitting on the floor in front of Dick, he passes out the drinks and sits in front of Jane.  He sips his drink and strokes Jane's leg, all the way to her pussy, and says, "I'm sure you have questions."
Jane: "All the people at the party, were they all mate-swappers or swingers or whatever you call them?"

Tim: "No, it was just a regular party with regular people (looking at Stacy) who have all gone now.  I locked the doors before I came back down. (looking back at Dick and Jane) You two were the only ones we were interested in tonight."

Dick: "Why us?  What made you so sure we would accept all this?"

Tim: "Now that you have crossed over so to speak, you'll see that people give off a kind of radar.  You've felt it before but didn't know what it was.  Even if someone has never considered it or thought about it, they still give off this radar.  When you spend time with someone you can pick up on it.  Sometimes you misread the signals but most times it is reliable."

Stacy "I have a question."

Tim "What babe?"

Stacy "When do I get fucked?"

Dick "Right now" as he dives off the couch and brings Stacy to the floor.

Tim gets between her legs and Dick grabs her arms and they bring her to the center of the room.  Dick had been stroking Stacy's tits and Jane was stroking his cock so he is more than ready.  Dick gets between Stacy's legs and hears Jane saying, "Wait for me!"

Jane gets on the floor next to them and as Stacy did when she was getting fucked, she took Dick's cock and rubbed it up and down the opening to Stacy's pussy.  Unlike Stacy, Jane did not let go of her husbands cock as it slid into Stacy's opening until he was balls deep in her and forced her hand away.  Dick started pumping in and out of Stacy and Tim sat stroking her tit. Without thinking, Jane was stroking the other tit as she watched her husband slide in and out of another woman's pussy.  She was feeling what Dick had felt watching her.  Dick gave one last lunge and stopped deep in Stacy's pussy.  Jane griped Stacy's tit so hard it almost hurt as Dick dumped all his seed into Stacy.

As Dick calmed down he fell forward on Stacy and kissed her.  Jane lay down next to them and kissed Dick and said, "That was fabulous."  Dick went back and forth kissing Jane then Stacy with his cock still buried in Stacy's pussy.  As they all kissed and stroked each other Dick's cock began to swell.  He slowly started pumping it in and out of Stacy again.  When he was ready to lose yet another load in Stacy he kissed Jane deeply and held it as it pulsed through them both.

Dick rolled off Stacy and lay between her and Jane.  Tim brought more drinks, coffee this time.  They all sat around nude in the center of the room talking about the night's activities. Tim finally said, "Now that everyone has been fucked and sucked, maybe we should call it a night."

Dick: "Not just yet. Stacy got fucked twice and

Tim: "She did?"

Dick: "yes, and if you are up to it I would like to watch Jane again but out here so I can see her face and we can all join in."

Jane rolled on her back and brought her knees up and said, "I'm ready."  Tim lay down next to her and said,  "There is always time for one more" as he stroked her body from her tits to her pussy.  Stacy and Dick watched as Tim and Jane stroked and kissed each other's naked bodies.  Stacy took Tim's place as he climbed over in between Jane's legs.  He pushed them down flat on the floor and started kissing and licking up one leg and down the other skipping over her public hair or lightly kissing it.  Dick lay on the other side of Jane with his head at her hip.  He and Stacy kept stroking Jane's body. Her body started to respond to all the stimulation and Tim slid her legs up with her feet on the floor and her knees up.  Stacy and Dick sat up next to her and pulled her legs open.  As Tim came into lick her clit Dick reached down and pulled the hood back opening her clit for him.

Dick had seen his wife get fucked and now he was watching another man eat her out and in just a few moments she would be getting fucked again.  He leaned over and was kissing Stacy with his hands still on Jane's pussy and tit.  Stacy reached over and began stroking his cock as they both looked down at her husband licking and sucking and fucking Jane with his tongue.  Jane's head started rolling back and forth and her hips came up off the floor trying to fuck Tim's face as she started yelling, "Somebody fuck me, please.  Put your cock in me.  Please fuck me."

Tim gets up on his knees and brings his cock to Jane's pussy.  Stacy and Dick watch as it slowly disappears in her pussy.  Tim starts pumping slowly at first and Stacy and Dick each lean down to suck Jane's tits.  Tim is slamming faster and faster and Jane is bucking to meet his every stroke until they both freeze buried deep in Jane's pussy.  All four can feel Tim's load pulse into Jane.  Jane's hips fall to the floor, which pulls Tim's cock from her.  Stacy is right there to clean her man off.

Once Tim is clean and calmed down he looks over at Jane, still lying on her back on the floor.  He moves over to between her legs again and just above her pussy he looks up at her and says, "I made the mess, I'll clean it up."  He proceeds to lick Jane clean.  Once she can move again they all sit up and decide that since the sun will be coming up soon that maybe they should call it a night.

Well, that's how it all started.  Dick and Jane saw Stacy and Tim a lot over the next two years.  At first it was every weekend and Tim would come over midweek on his way home, at Dick's request.  Then it became every other week and once a month.  The last time they were all together was just a week before Tim was transferred to Texas.  Now they have a lifestyle and no one to share it with, but Jane has an idea how they can spread their wings so to speak.  She'll tell about their first sexual "cookout".