 So here I am, jerking off on my friends couch, it's been months since I last had any attention from a woman. Initially, I tried to resist, knowing that this was not the time or place, but with the two of them in bed I felt slightly more secure in my secret undertaking. After locating a box of all important tissue paper, I pulled my boxers down and went to work gently stroking and trying to keep my wits about me in case I heard some movement from their bedroom. Having been to a dance bar that night, a short time to meet with some friends while I was in town, gave me lots of material to fantasize about. Women in their tight and skimpy outfits gyrating their hips and grinding on men they came with, or had met that night and the occasional few grinding on other women.

When I next became aware of my surroundings it was due to my subconscious screaming, "Movement."

I came back to reality far too late to save myself, cover up or anything. I was so tuned out that you had managed to come all the way into the room and sat on your legs on the floor near the middle of the couch. I opened my mouth to try and present an apology or an excuse or something, but there was nothing, I was caught.

To my complete shock all you said was, "It looks like you need a little help."

"But what about..." I trailed off looking towards your bedroom.

"Don't worry about it, this all works out for the better, trust me." You said. Knowing we had so very little at the bar so many hours ago I decided to trust and let you do as you wished.

Rising up slightly you reveal the fact that you're completely topless to me. The orange glow of the streetlights beyond the windows of the room gave me a fantastic view of your firm breasts.

Reaching over you brush my hand aside and grip my still firm shaft, you squeeze it twice to test just how firm it is before beginning to pump. I watch you stroke me, still not sure what to say of the situation I am now involved in. Any final protest in my mind is washed away the moment you lean in and place your mouth upon my shaft. You begin to kiss it softly, touching every place your hand was not. Still not knowing what your boyfriend may say to all of this I struggled not to make a sound as you finally brought your tongue out to use on the underside of my head. Feeling you have teased me enough, you let me slip into your mouth, just managing to take all of me but what your hand covers in. I close my eyes and enjoy the talents of your mouth and hand.

Being unable to reach much of you, I stroke and rub your back and shoulders. Wanting to watch I open my eyes, just barely seeing what you are doing in the dim light through your hair which has fallen to the sides of your face. That is when I spot him, your boyfriend, standing naked at the entrance to the living room. 

You must have sensed my newfound tension and looked behind you, "I was wondering how long it would take you to join in." You say to him before swallowing my cock again.

He walks over to us, stroking his already hard cock. Knowing what he wants, you rise up to your knees and spread your legs, not missing a stroke on me. He kneels behind you, and I don't so much as know he is slipping into you as feel you being pushed forward with his long slow entry, and quivering from the pleasure.

Stopping for a moment, you cease to touch me, and moan as he takes a few strokes. Not one for many words at a time like this you grab my knees and give them a tug towards the edge of the couch. Taking the hint I sit up, near to the edge of the couch and spread my legs. Instantly, after I stop moving, you are back at me swallowing my cock, the grunts and moans you let out caused by the pounding your boyfriend is giving you feel good on my shaft.

Having a better range of motion sitting like this, I let my hands wander from your shoulders down to your tits, only to find that his hands are already there. After the initial surprise, he continues to massage your breasts and I let my hands wander over your shoulders and down your back.

In a move that I think surprised your boyfriend almost as much as it did me, you stood up, freeing yourself from both of our hands. Turning around you begin to sit down in my lap, I close my legs to provide something for you to rest yourself on. Gripping my slick shaft in your hand you aim and impale yourself on me. I moan into your back, and then begin kissing your neck and shoulders. He stands up, and you lean forward to suck on the more familiar of the two cocks at your disposal. 

As you begin to rock back and forth on me, allowing for only small shallow thrusts I begin to explore your body. I grope both of your breasts letting my fingers brush over all of them, tweaking your nipples slightly to make you moan. One hand begins to make its way lower, over your stomach and to your thighs, as I do this I catch a glimpse over your shoulder of what you are doing. Both hands rests on the front of his hips for support, and you use the rocking motions of your body to bob your head up and down on him. 

It does not take me long to reach your clit and to begin rubbing it. The slow circles I make with my fingers don't take long to have their desired effect. Your rocking movement becomes erratic, as does the blowjob you are also giving, until you can no longer concentrate fully on either. Laying back on me fully, you gasp several times before you begin to shake and spasm, you cover my hands with your own encouraging me to continue my movements. He watches as you writhe and orgasm on me, surely the first time he has seen you come this way while being so uninvolved.

Not breaking the pace any you hop up off of me, grabbing both of our dicks and giving us a gentle tug before heading to the bedroom. Having to stand first, I take up the rear, and by the time I have caught up, the two of you have a lamp illuminating the room, and are sprawled over your king sized bed. You are lying on your back with your legs spread near the foot of the bed, and he is on his side so you can envelop him with your mouth once again.

Still wanting to be involved I crawl on the bed, kissing from your knees upwards to your crotch, my first taste of you comes to me when my mouth arrives at your mid thigh. You taste intoxicatingly grand, so I make sure to thoroughly coat your thighs in tongue filled kisses. Grabbing my hair you pull me where you want me, taking the hint I dip my tongue into you. Flicking my tongue over your entrance, it briefly comes to mind that you have had two men right where I am licking tonight, the idea is dismissed and pleasuring you returns to the foreground of my thoughts. I continue to lick you, swirling my tongue over your clit, I can hear the sounds of the head you are giving, but my eyes are solely focused on your flavourful smooth pussy. You clamp your thighs over my head and I hear nothing, I hold your hips and tongue away. Time ceases to have meaning while I'm there, but then I hear a muffled voice that breaks my concentration. 

Your thighs part and you say "I need something inside me now."

Pouting while smiling, I say "But I wasn't done here." and give you one long lick.

Throwing your head back and moaning, you say "I have an idea so I think we can work something out."

Placing me on my back, you kneel over my face, settling down enough that I can lick you again. Right away I latch onto your clit, causing you to cry out. Your hair tickles my thighs as you begin to place kisses over my shaft, grasping it in one hand you point me towards the ceiling and I feel your tongue circle my head.

Feeling the bed shift above my head I look up to see your boyfriend positioning himself behind you. Pushing forwards, I watch him penetrate you, you mimic his entry by lowering your mouth on me, as he thrusts you bob your head. Doing what I'm in the position to do, I put my tongue back to work on your clit. My hands work their way around your waist and rub your lower back, giving an occasional squeeze of your ass. Your mouth continues to bob in time with your boyfriend, until he is thrusting so fast you can't hope to keep up. 

From our combined efforts your thighs shake and buckle, the rest of your body spasms and you gush a great deal, just as you did with your first. I notice it this time because so much of it ends up over my face and in my mouth. He withdrawals from your body, claiming he is too close to his own orgasm, but doesn't want it to happen yet. 

He kneels in one of the corners of the bed, you spring off of me, your mouth seeking his body, kissing his chest, and working your way downwards. Getting through the daze I was left in by that view, I take position behind you. My cock slips into you easily, having been left agape from your boyfriend, I start slowly but pick up speed rather quickly. You tighten around me, and adjust to my different size and length, being inside you feels fantastic. You feel so warm and slick as I slide in and out, my stomach makes a light slapping sound on your firm and shapely ass. I watch your head slide around and over your boyfriends cock as I rub your thighs.

When I feel myself getting too close, I suggest a switch and pull out of you. You quickly turn and your man wastes no time filling the opening I had vacated just moments before. Allowing me to come down from the point of no return, you kiss over my chest and stomach working ever so much lower. 

You just get to taste yourself on my head before he interrupts. He grabs you about the waist and tosses you to the center of the bed so you land on your back. He places himself on top of you and slides in, you grunt with the weight of his initial push inward. Passion erupts between the two of you, you kiss each other deeply as he thrusts long and hard. I know better than to try and join this, so I sit back and enjoy watching the two of you. Your hands wander all over his back, squeezing and rubbing. He is breathing heavily, you push his face down to your breasts so he may cover those with whatever oral pleasures he dispenses. Knowing what is on the way you wrap your legs around him, and help encourage his thrusting by pulling him closer with your own legs. 

Then it happens, he tries to pull out of you, but you tighten your legs around him not letting him out, he groans and moans and shakes atop you. You moan and enjoy the feeling of his huge cock pulsing inside of you. Moments later he rolls over taking you with him, now straddling him you lift yourself free, his cock hitting his stomach with a wet slap. I see it glistening in the lamp light coated in some of his cum and some of yours. 

Pointing your ass at me I hear you say, "Come on in, it's your turn now." in between licks you place on his cock. 

I am mesmerized at the sight of your pussy, so wet it shines in the soft lamp light. Hurriedly I kneel behind you and take my semi hard cock in my hand so I may rub the head in between your lips, I rub it from your clit to your entrance several times causing you to jump each time it passes over your sensitive clit. Finally I slide into you, watching you lazily give your man head, as to not over stimulate him. I thought you were slick and wet before this, but now filled with his load you are even more so than ever. I am realizing I am having sloppy seconds and it is exhilarating. So turned on am I that I lean down and whisper that I know I won't last long like this. He reaches between us to rub your clit as I enjoy the sensations of being in your sopping pussy. 

You are so wet every thrust is audible, and as I begin to go faster and faster, the urge to fill you overwhelms all. So focused am I, that I lose track of every other nerve in my body, all I can feel is your flooded pussy surrounding my cock. Nearly passing out, I explode with in you, the room spins as I hold your hips, pulling your ass firmly against me. 

I pull out and fall to my side, facing you, watching your boyfriend play with your clit, seeing you sucking your boyfriends now fully revived cock. Knowing of my affinity to cream pies from past conversations, you stay positioned as you are making sure I get an eye full. 

Wanting inside you again, your boyfriend rolls onto his side and pulls you to him. Our eyes meet and I can tell by the change in the expression on your face that he has entered you. He begins stroking behind you, and you look so sensual, your body heaving gently from his own movements. I glance away to see his hand slip around you and busy itself with your clit, but my eyes are drawn back to yours once again. My entire body tingles as you begin to moan and then it happens, we lean in and meet for a kiss, a slow, sensual kiss. We break it with our lips barely parting before going back for another. As that kiss ends, you turn back as far as your body allows, and prompt him for a long kiss before settling back down to lock eyes with me. 

I watch you rock and writhe under his knowledgeable touch, moaning and biting your lower lip. Your gaze penetrates me, I can see it coming, your skin flushes, your nipples go erect, your breathing gets heavier. We lean forward and meet for a kiss, and then it hits you, you grab my head and hold me in our kiss, I can feel the rest of your body convulsing as you orgasm again. Breaking our kiss you give me a peck on the cheek and spring into action. Rolling away from your boyfriend, he sighs as your warm pussy is no longer surrounding him, but you are not out of contact with him for long. You push him on his back and straddle his waist, reaching behind you, you guide him in. Leaning up he buries his face into your breasts kissing them all over and sucking on them. Knowing my part in this great adventure has come to an end, I begin to make my way back to the couch where my night had begun as you begin to bounce up and down on him. 

I only hear the two of you for a short time longer and then all is silent, the morning will be interesting.