 You watch in anticipation as my lover and I greet one another...slowly we walk towards one another and let our lips meet in a passionate kiss, our hands immediately roam one another's bodies ever so slowly and gently...while our kiss gets more erotically passionate!

I slowly begin to undress my new found lover...as I unbutton her shirt slowly my tongue dances with hers...her hands find my breasts and through my shirt she begins to rub them...I moan at the touch of her hands on meand with each button I undo a soft intense moan escapes from her lips...

We look deeply into each others eyes...I slowly guide her shirt past her shoulders...my lips follow and I place warm wet licks on her soft skin...her fingers intertwine in my hair and she guides my tongue across her sweet smelling skin...

I let her shirt fall to the floor...and she pulls mine over my head...with my arms still raised above my head, she brings her sultry lips to my right breast and gently sucks my already hard nipple into her wanting mouth, I moan loudly for her mouth feels so good where it is...

I feel my passion building deep within me...I can feel my pussy dripping with my sweetness...and I crave to have her taste it all!

I walk her back to the bed and I sit her down...I make her lay back and I grip her panties with my thumbs and start to tug at them...I can smell her pussy through her panties and I can see in her eyes what she desires from me...

I almost rip those panties off of her...now I can see her pussy...it is dripping wet...and the smell of her is driving me wild...I Want Her, I Need her!

I kneel down on the floor and raise her legs to my shoulders...I touch her...running my hands across her body feeling every inch of her under my hands, my lips find the inside of her thighs and I begin placing kisses from her knee working my way down to her pussy...I stop just shy of it and she squirms in the anticipation of not knowing if I will touch her with my tongue or tease her once more!

I turn and look at you, we have ignored you for a short time but I can see you have been keeping yourself busy, I look down and see your hand stroking your cock ever so slowly...I look at your face and I can see the pleasure I have created on it by what I have done so far...

I smile and turn back to my lover...I stand up and tell her to turn around so her head is almost hanging off the bed...she obeys me! I straddle her face with my legs giving you the view of your life...I lower my dripping wet hot pussy to her lips and I lower my lips to her dripping wet hot pussy...we touch each others clits at the same time and we both moan out loud as we feel our passion being released from us both...

I hear you say "Oh Yes" lick her, I don't know who you are talking to so I proceed to lick her clit...I can feel her tongue becoming aggressive on my clit so I return the same feeling on to hers...

I work my hips back and forth and up and down on her tongue...she tease my clit...and I grind my pussy down onto her face....and work my hips once more...we both get lost in the pure XTC we are creating deep with in each other...

I begin working my tongue further down her slit...I let my tongue slide in slowly and as I continue working my way into her I can feel her tongue working into me...we both begin fucking one another with our tongues... slowly yet firmly...

We both are so into one another...I don't notice you have gotten up from your chair...I do however feel your cock at my ass...and I grind it back into you, I want to feel your cock in me and her tongue in me together!

I feel the head of your cock work it's way into my ass...and I moan again as I feel myself letting you in without hesitation...

I feel you working your cock in deeper and deeper into me...I push myself back against you, your cock goes in as deep as it can and as I feel total XTC in that and I feel it cant get more erotic, I feel her tongue go deeply into my pussy, I begin to lose control and my hips are working in both directions...letting myself feel all the pleasures of my 2 lovers...

As I feel your hard throbbing cock leave me I feel her wet hot wild tongue enter me...giving me the ultimate pleasure... 

All 3 of us begin our journey into complete XTC...I can feel your cock swell and I can feel her tongue become more aggressive with my pussy wanting, her wanting to taste me...

We're all moaning and letting ourselves go...feeling it building deep within us, I can begin feeling myself getting there and I can feel myself wanting to release my passion for her...I start to cum on her tongue and I can feel your cock giving me what my ass desires from you...

We lay there on the bed in a pile of exhaust...complete XTC has taken over and we have surrendered to it...we all lay there trying to regain what it is we have just given to one another...

She is on her back and I am next to her, she reaches over to me and begins touching me again, we both want to continue now...I moan softly as I feel her touch on my skin, my sweaty hot skin...I climb on top of her and our pussy's are close to one another, I feel another body on top on mine and it is yours...you have quickly regained yourself and want to continue with us...

I feel your now hard cock at my pussy...I raise my hips letting you slide inside my still dripping wet hot pussy...she squirms from under me and we both get on all fours in front of you with our asses to you....our pussy's and asses are completely yours for the taking...I feel your cock enter me again but you quickly leave me only to hear her moan softly and I know she is feeling what I just have...I feel your cock slide back into me deeply and now your moans are covering ours...you begin fucking us both deeply and your cock is even harder then before...as I feel your cock enter me I push back against you letting you in as deep as you can go...

We both just let you have your way with us, letting you fuck our pussy's so good, your cock handles both of us...our pussy's want to dress you in our passions...

We all moan and I can feel your cock ready to give one of us your treat....

I see her squirm and I know she will get it from you...I turn around and tell you I want to watch you fuck her nice and slow...

I see you close your eyes getting lost in her pussy and how it feels wrapped around your swollen cock...

I watch as you begin stroking her faster and faster going in deeper and deeper with every in stroke you make to her...I reach for her breasts and give them a squeeze and I grab your balls with my other hand and give them a squeeze...I can hear you both so ready to exchange your passions, I tell you to fuck her faster...and you do just that!

I watch as her pussy brings you there again...and I watch as you cum deeply in her hot pussy and as it dresses your cock in her sweetness...

You lay on the bed and we both crawl up to you, our mouths quickly find your limp cock and our tongues are quick to make you hard again....we lick and take turns sucking on your cock tasting each of us on it...

You have me sucking you in deeply and she is sucking you on your balls...then we switch...we aren't selfish with your offer to us...

I take your cock slowly with my mouth and I stroke it nice and firmly with my mouth...letting my hand slide up and down with my mouth...I hear you moaning intensely the feeling of 2 hot wet mouths on your cock is driving you wild...

I guide my hand to her still wet pussy and she guides hers to mine and together us 3 slowly bring one another there...I feel your cock swell and my sucking lets you know what it is we desire from you...

You turn the light on and I look up at you and watch you watching us...the look on your face is so intense...I can see we are both bringing great pleasure to you with our mouths...

My mouth wraps around your cock sideways and hers wraps around you long ways...and together our mouths start to stroke your now throbbing cock...we give your cock long slow strokes and then quickly pick up the pace...we need your cum badly and we know soon we will have it...

You squirm and move your hips to our rhythm and I can feel soon you'll give us what we want...

We get faster with our stroking and you get closer and closer to cumming...

I feel your body stiffen under us and together her and I feel your cock explode on our lips...you cover us in your passion and we milk you getting every last drop of your hot thick cum...

You look down to see us sharing you in a passionate kiss...exchanging what we have received from you in a sultry kiss...

Then when you think you cant take no more there is more to CUM....

You sit up regaining what you just gave to us and you see us both on all fours working our way ass to ass...

I reach for a huge 2 headed dildo and you watch as I bring it to our pussy's...you watch as I let the head slide into me and you watch as she lets the head slide into her....we both just begin fucking the heads of the dildo...nice and slowly...letting it make our pussy's dripping wet again...

You kneel up and watch as we both fuck that dildo...letting more and more slide deeply into us with each IN stroke we make to it...

We both let one long deep stroke fill us with that dildo, it is huge and we both moan out in pleasure from the feel of it in ours pussy's our asses touching one another's...

You watch as we both begin fucking it hard yet slowly...you hear our moans of pleasure that it brings to us deep within us...

You watch our rhythm get faster and faster as we both bring ourselves there without the use of anything but that dildo....

Are asses slap together and the only sound you can hear is the skin slapping into one another and our moans of XTC....

You watch as that dildo brings us both there not once or twice but 3 times...our pussy's tightening around it as it makes us cum so intensely...

Then we both feel as you slide that dildo out and guide it to our asses...the feel of the head as it works it way inside of me makes me squirm and moan as does it her...both of us take that dildo completely into our asses...

You are in XTC watching us fuck that dildo with our asses....you say to us "FUCK IT GIRLS" and we do just that....we begin fucking it nice and slow like we did with our pussy's quickly we both forget nice and slow and we start fucking that dildo hard with our asses.....

Once again you watch as we bring ourselves there cumming and riding that dildo like a wild horse...

You watch as we cum after cum from the pleasures it brings to each of us....

We both try to catch our breath and we both lay down on either side of you and your arms wrap around us and we all drift off to sleep...only to rest for the erotic things that will happen later that night...