 *I do believe in putting my readers and fans first. This is a bit different from what I normal write, so please feel free to leave a comment. It would be greatly appreciated. This story does contain M on M action. If that isn't something you are interested in, please exit out or there's always the chance to be open and enjoy.*

"If all parties involved are mature adults who willingly take full responsibility for their actions and voluntarily engage in a given form of sexual expression - even if it is generally considered taboo - then there is no reason for them to suppress their sexual inclination." -Anton LaVey

*****

The morning went by like a typical work morning. Alice put a pot of coffee on as I jumped in the shower to wash off the remnants of sex and sleep from the night before. Conversation was normal and everything felt like what she had stated last night didn't even happen. The back of my mind spun like a ferris wheel in high winds on the other hand. Her words echoed in the back of my head and my emotions still felt exasperated at my revulsion of the thought and how much it was a turn-on in the same sense. The drive to work only exacerbated the turmoil as I tossed and turned the idea over relentlessly till I got to my destination and caught Greg getting out of the car.

"Dude, you have to help me here," I stammered.

"What do you want me to do?" Greg looked bewildered, "She really sat you down and told you this?"

"Yes man! We got done, you know, and she said she wanted to confess something. Look, I love Alice and all, but I don't know if I could let another man do that. Wouldn't that make me gay?" I said.

"Dude, I'm not really the one to be asking that. I don't judge regardless who or what you are. Regardless, what does it matter what you do behind closed doors?" he questioned.

"What? Dude, she wants another guy to suck me off and she wants to watch," my voice quivered.

"So! A mouth is a mouth and if it's to please or to be pleasured then what is stopping you? Society? Religion? Or just your own self-confidence in not knowing who you are?" he lectured.

"I never really considered any of that nor had I ever really thought about it," I said.

"Then before you ask advice you need to find yourself dude. You need to find out what is the issue. Who knows where your mind will take you," he said. "Look, I know it was a bombshell and all, but lunch break is over and I really need to get these reports to Frank before he rides my ass again about late reporting. Mull it over and figure out you man. It's nothing, I promise."

The sudden realization my lips were dry and my heart thumped out of my chest, irritated my nerves further on the fact I still didn't have an answer to my question. Was I wrong to feel turned-on, excited, sickened and nervous over Alice and I's pillow talk?

*****

A quarter past five, rush hour was in full swing. Three exits up sat an over turned tanker and I was stuck smack dab in the middle of it. The sweltering temps outside the air-conditioned car, spiked the thermometer to a mere one hundred and five with a heat index of one hundred and fifteen. The afternoon news report blared from the speakers as I tried my damnedest to drown out the thoughts rolling through my head. Alice, in all her cute after sex glow, had rolled over with the orgasm still glazing her eyes. Curling up to my chest she had whispered softly into the nuzzle of my neck.

"Can I be honest with you babe and really trust you," she whispered.

"Always babygirl. I'll never judge or think different of you. That I can promise," I reassured.

"I have to tell you since it's all I can think of. You have fantasies, don't you?" she questioned.

"Of course, babe. We have talked about them a little," I reminisced of the nights we talked about them while deep in the throes of passionate love making.

"I've been holding this one from you and it shames me to even tell you this, but I have to," she said. My ears piqued at her statement and I craned my neck to meet her eyes. "You know how much I like to suck your cock, right?"

"Yes," I replied.

"And you know how much I like to do that when you are tied to the chair, right?" she squinted.

"Yes," I stated.

"I want to watch another guy suck you in that position while I lay on the couch and finger myself," she burst out.

"Really?" the disbelief rushing across my face.

"I'm sorry baby, I know you probably think I'm sick or crazy, but I really want to watch it. I think it would be hot as fuck," she purred into my chest.

Like an ice sculpture in the middle of Antarctica, I was frozen solid. I had never, not even once, considered the thought of having any kind of sexual relations with another guy and here my wife is asking me if I would be cool with another guy swallowing my rod. The jolt of emotions that coursed through my veins made my dick solid and my stomach uneasy. I kissed her forehead and reassured her that I didn't think she was crazy or sick that she thought the way she did. I instead, gave her a quick peck and told her I would consider it before I pulled her close and fell fast asleep from exhaustion.

*****

Greg had been one of the first interns to shuffle through the process and actually succeed in getting a position where as I was a direct transfer from a sister site at about the same time. Greg and I kicked it off fairly quick and we both ended up hanging out quite frequently during lunch. The typical ESPN talks, video games and the occasional weekend escapades would make an appearance while we stewed over whatever lunch we brought for the day. Greg was a tall, athletic forty-year old who spent most of his time cycling the Brazos Valley or travelling to distant cities. His Italian decent clearly showed from his thin face, set jaw and olive complexion even in the dead middle of winter. His forearms were like hammers and his legs bulged through the tailored slacks he strutted around in. The office peacock as he was called due to his vibrant choice in ties and vests. Greg was always fascinating and his attitude with is wealth of insight drew me to him and soon becoming one of my best friends.

Figuring he would have some sort of insight into my situation, I had stopped him right before work to lay it on him and see what his consensus would be. Instead, I was left with more questions than answers and worse of all, my mood would surely set off alarm bells with Alice. I had tried to find him at lunch, but alas he was once again out with a client. The buzzing in my pocket snapped my attention back to the real world as I pressed the phone key and brought it to my ear.

"This is Mark from R&L Law Firm, how can I help you," I recited.

"Dumb fuck, pay attention, it's Greg. Of course I know who you are," he laughed.

"Sup man, sorry, I was spaced out," I said.

"No problem man, just giving you hard time. About earlier this morning, sorry I was so rushed. Boss man has been at my throat to get these reports done and he wanted them first thing in the morning. You sure you're good?" his concern poured through the speaker.

"Yeah man, I'm just confused is all," I said playing it off as nothing.

"What do you mean confused," he questioned.

"Don't judge me alright," I hesitated. "The thought of watching her pleasure herself while I'm getting sucked off sounds pretty amazing, but the whole having a guy do it is just hot and gross at the same time."

"Why is it gross," he quizzed.

"I don't know man, maybe cause it's another guy. I'm straight dude, I don't swing that way," I interjected.

"I never said you did, but what does gender have to do with pleasure?" he asked.

"A whole lot man, for one, I'm not attracted to guys," I said.

"Okay and why is it hot?" he asked.

"The taboo of it, you know," my voice quivered. "Does that make me sound gay?"

"Look man, I know you're not gay and I also don't judge. So, what if you are or aren't what does it matter. A blowjob is a blowjob," he chuckled.

"What's so funny," my curiosity spoke.

"Well, back in college, I had a foursome with another couple. When it was all said and done, the blowjob I got was from the other guy and I couldn't tell a difference. It changed my perspective and I never told anyone. It doesn't matter and it felt good. I may not be gay, but in the circumstances, I could do with or without it if it pleased whoever I was with," he stated.

"Wait, you got your dick sucked by another guy," my face froze in shock.

"Yeah and I don't regret it," he said.

"And you're not gay?" I asked.

"Not in the least," he said confidently.

"I don't know man. What if people found out?" I asked.

"What does it matter. Are you looking to boost your image or are you looking to have fun in life and just enjoy what life has to offer?" his words blindsided me.

"I couldn't care less what people think man. I'm perfectly confident in where I am in life and no one, but Alice and you, mean jack shit to me," I proclaimed.

"Then what does it matter if you have fun with a man or woman if all involved are consenting adults?" he asked.

"Well, I guess it doesn't" I replied.

"And I'm sure if Alice is really into it, there might be other avenues she would go through if it was something you all wanted and she felt comfortable talking to you about it," his voice became soft and reassuring.

"Thanks Greg, I'm pulling into the driveway now. Appreciate you calming me down man. I really needed that," I said, thanking him the best I could.

"No worries bro and if you need anything just text or call," he offered.

*****

"You told Greg!" she screamed.

"Babe, I'm sorry, I thought it would be okay to discuss it with him. He is the most nonjudgmental person I know. I had to talk to someone," I stammered.

"He probably thinks I'm crazy or completely off my rocker to ask my husband to do something even remotely close to that," she hysterically sobbed.

Wrapping my arms around her, I held her close and reassured her that he wouldn't think that way. Her chest heaved as she sniffled back tears.

"I'm sorry, I just...it was a personal fantasy that I shared with you. I had no clue you actually took it to heart and really thought about it past a fantasy," she sniffled.

"Of course I did babe. Look, I want to please you every chance I can and if you really want that, I would consider it. I had to talk to Greg. He doesn't judge and I knew I could share with him," I caressed her face.

"It's just, that was the most intimate thing I could possibly tell you and I feel you betrayed me by telling someone else," she said

"I know babe and I apologize. I truly do, but I had to tell someone and I had to sort out how I feel through them," I replied.

"What do you mean, how you feel," she asked.

"I couldn't tell you then and it's hard for me to tell you now, but the idea is kind of hot and also a bit gross," my voice cracked.

"Go on," she nudged.

"The idea of having another guy suck me off is hot because it's taboo, but gross due to it being another guy. I'm not gay in the least, but it does sound hot," I continued. "There is a bit more too that I didn't really get to talk to Greg about," I said sinking further back into the couch. "I want to see another guy fuck you and honestly, I want to suck him after he has shot his load inside you. I want to taste the mixture of cum and your essence on his cock," I said gulping down the courage trying to escape.

Stunned in silence, Alice sat on the couch with a blank expression on her face. Her breathes were shallow and calm and her eyes darted left and right repeatedly.

"How long have you thought of this," she finally spoke.

"Since you told me about your fantasy. It has been playing nonstop in my head ever since," I answered.

"This is something you want and not something just to appease or pleasure me," she questioned.

"This is 100% honesty on my part. This is something I want too," I stammered.

Stunned, Alice sat there with that same blank expression on her face. She gnawed her bottom lip as her eyes raced back and forth trying to discern and compartmentalize exactly what I had disclosed to her. Instantly, she bolt upright off the couch, grabbed my hand and ushered me to the bedroom. Slamming the door behind me, she undid my pants and slid them down before she shoved me to the chair and ordered me to "sit". I sat down with a thud and watched as she seductively got between my legs and traced her hands from the inside of my leg starting at the ankle, past my knees and to the base of my now throbbing cock. Tracing the route she had just traced, she strapped my ankle to the chair leg and then proceeded to do the same to the other ankle. Soon, both arms were locked into the arm of the chair and I was unable to move unless I wanted to break the chair to free myself.

"Would you like to be strapped down like this?" she ushered.

"Absolutely," I muttered.

"Would you like him to get between your legs like this," she said squatting down putting her face inches from my throbbing rod.

"Mmm, god, yes please," I hummed.

"Would you like for him to take your manhood into his hands and start stroking you," she reached out and grabbed hold stroking me seductively. "Or maybe he should take you in his mouth fully," she stated as she removed her grip and lowered her mouth around my cock engulfing me in one antagonizing slow motion.

"Fuck yes, just like that," I whimpered as her silky wet tongue dragged along the shaft of my cock till it reached the back of her throat. "I want him to suck me just like that while you crawl underneath him and suck him like you are sucking me," I moaned.

The bobbing of her head became more rhythmic as she took one hand and gently took hold of my cock, stroking me in unison with the motion of her mouth. Her other hand had found It's way between her legs and I could slightly hear the sloshing of her fingers finding her opening and circling her clit. She was undoubtfully turned on and the more pleasure she gave herself, the more she sucked me with ferocity. Her tongue worked the head of my cock as the ridge slipped past her lips, before she plunged her mouth back over the length of me. The sensation building in my balls peaked and I could feel the heat rise.

"Oh god," I screamed. "I'm coming!"

The initial rope of cum hit the back of her throat resulting in a slight gag as rope after rope filled her mouth. Her lips started to quiver as my cum filled her mouth and her hands started to shake as her own orgasm burst throughout her body. The convulsions made her withdraw my cock from her mouth, pouring the contents between her tits. Falling back onto the floor, she brought her slick covered fingers to her mouth and seductively licked and sucked her essence clean before returning them to her still throbbing pussy. I could see her panties were completely saturated and she continued to slide her finger between the folds of her vulva.

"You like that handsome," she said.

"More than you'll ever know," I replied feeling the familiar tingle in my cock as it stiffened once again.

****

The morning commute to work had been uneventful as traffic seemed to be fairly light, possibly due to the amount of fog. Unlike my surroundings my thoughts were clear for once as I pressed down on the accelerator, gunning for the opportunity to tell Greg once I got to work. I couldn't nor would I, have confided with anyone else and his ear is exactly what I needed right now. I had to tell someone.

"Hey man," I said as I got out of the car making my way over to where his car was parked.

"Hey chump, how are ya?" he asked.

"Dude, I have to tell you what Alice said," I started.

"Whoa there boss. I have a meeting at 8 A.M. sharp. Short and sweet," he said.

"Well, I told her and it went well. She got super turned on and basically sucked my soul out of my cock," I said looking away embarrassed.

"Well damn dude. Can't beat that then. Glad things went well. Look, as much as I would love to sit and chit chat about your escapade, I really need to get to this meeting. A few of us are going to hit up Alfredo's tonight, around 9ish, for some drinks. Grab Alice and come hang out with us. You look like you could use a drink or 12," he chuckled as he opened the door to the main office.

Lunch hour came and as much as I looked for Greg, I couldn't find him anywhere. Figuring he was in a meeting I had went to my car and ate alone. By the time 5 P.M. rolled around, I was ready to hit the road and get home. Getting to my car, I noticed his had already left for the day. As was the morning commute, the evening commute was just as quick. I had arrived home 10 minutes early to catch Alice stepping through the door of the apartment.

"Hello handsome," she said flinging her arms around my neck as I entered the apartment.

"Hello beautiful, how was your day," I asked.

Exhaling an audible breath, she pulled away from the embrace, "It wasn't bad till Marge, my hateful boss, decided I needed to take on some extra work load for the day. Just super busy and frustrating," she sighed.

"Want to go out and get a drink with Greg and them," I asked.

"I'd be more than glad to. I need a drink or two to calm my nerves for the day," she replied.

"I was thinking I could use the same," I chuckled.

"Did you get to talk to him again today?" she turned making her way to the bedroom.

Following suit, "Yeah, first thing this morning. That's when he told me about getting drinks later," I said.

"Did you tell him I basically sucked you inside out," she threw her head back laughing hysterically.

Chuckling I said, "I actually did and he dismissed it."

"He's probably just jealous I wasn't sucking him inside out," she turned to face me at the entrance of the bathroom.

Grabbing the hem of her shirt at the waist she lifted it over her head and threw it at my face. Reaching behind her, she unclasped her bra and pulled it over her head exposing a perfect set of 36D's. The sight of her tits hanging caused my cock to stir in my pants.

"Mmm, looks like someone likes what they see," she cooed.

Hooking her thumbs into each side of her pants, she shimmied out of them allowing them to pool at her feet. She wasn't wearing panties and the thin line of dark hair between her legs sat perfectly trimmed and inviting.

"Now, if you'll care to join me, I have to get the days grime off of me and I could really use some man hands to help me scrub down," she winked as she slipped into the bathroom.

*****

Alfredo's was an upscale Mexican bar and grill situated on the outskirts of McMillian offering the best mojitos and margaritas in Texas. On the typical busy Friday night, it would have taken us around 20 minutes to reach Alfredo's from our apartment. Knowing we would be drinking, we booked an Uber which got us there right at 9:15. The ride over had been 20 minutes of torture as I sat as close to Alice as possible to breath in her intoxicating perfume and scent. The shower had only fueled the desire in her to get off and cum all over this cock. Part of that was my fault, as I was the one that had brought her close to orgasm a few times before I would go back to washing her milky white body. Wanting to build the anticipation for the night, I didn't let her cum in the shower or the multiple times I had fucked with her through dinner and getting ready for tonight. She retaliated by dressing to the nines.

The mini-dress she chose was jet black that not only accentuated her perfect hips and waist, but made her tits seem on the verge of busting out of the confines of the fabric. The white gold hoops dangled delicately from her ears which matched the necklace and pendant that sat squarely between her breast. Her almost perfect complexion allowed her to go more natural, but stopped there as she chose a smokey grey eye shadow that only accentuated her piercing blue eyes and to top off the seductive factor, she chose her sinful red lipstick. Stepping out of the car, she made an apparent show of opening her legs just enough so I got a good glimpse of the trimmed landing strip between her legs revealed she didn't have panties on.
