 "Need another drink Sweetie?" Jack asked heading to the kiddie pool full of ice.

Marion was sitting by the patio table, resplendent in her low cut sundress. She smiled at him. "Sure Hun, a cooler please?"

Jack retrieved the cold, dripping bottle from the ice. Unscrewing the cap he handed it to her, admiring the fullness of her cleavage before he sat down. 

"Quite the shindig," Jack observed looking around.

They were in Shannon and Tony's backyard. Shannon worked with Marion at the cheese shop downtown and they'd struck up a friendship. Shannon liked to go for a sociable drink after work a couple of times a week and about once a month she'd hold a party. Usually in the evening with just nibbles and a lot of booze. But this was a hot summer afternoon and she was throwing a barbeque party. Everyone arrived with bowls and platters of food while Tony reigned over the grill and Shannon made sure everyone had a drink and was having fun. 

Shannon was a short, cute strawberry blonde, all tits and curves and dangerously wavy long hair. She liked being the center of every male's attention at her parties, shamelessly flirting to get it while she made sure her male guests had a drink and let them imagine other fun with her. Today she was in hot pants and a bikini top, drawing attention to her curving thighs, bouncing boobs and ample treasures even more than usual.

Jack had certainly enjoyed the eyeful on offer, but he wasn't going to be a pig about it and didn't stare. In fact he was busy staring at the sweeping curve of Marion's legs stretched out in front of her, how they lead up to her round thighs and then the swell of her full breasts, sitting proud and braless in her dress and remembering a pretty erotic picnic they had had earlier in the summer when she wore the same dress. Well she had it on for part of the time, but it had come off once they were in the woods and hidden from view. Knowing Marion, she probably didn't have any panties on either. Jack felt his jeans getting tight as he anticipated getting a hand up her dress somewhere and running his fingers through her soft bush and moist slit.

"Gaaah!" Jack shouted, erotic reverie broken, as a stream of cold water jetted into his ear, dribbling down into his shirt. Marion snorted wine cooler. Shannon laughed and danced about with a water gun, her large breasts bouncing in the bikini top.

"Why I'll get you!" Jack growled and jumped up.

Shannon shrieked and ran with Jack in hot pursuit. She ran around the side of the house, away from the party. Blood pounding, Jack ran after her. At the front of the house, Shannon turned to squirt him again, missing and laughing. She turned to run some more but her pause let Jack catch up.

"Gotcha!" he shouted throwing his arms around her slim waist. One hand wrapped around her bare stomach while the other slid up and cupped a full breast, fingers rubbing an erect nipple. He pulled her in tight to his hips, fingers still rubbing over the nipple. The hand at her waist slipped fingers into the waistband of her hot pants. Was that pubic fuzz he felt? Shannon rubbed her round, full ass against his stiffening cock.

"Mmmmm..." she sighed. Rubbing her ass slowly now. She turned around, reaching down to rub her hand over the front of Jack's bulging jeans. "Oooh," she purred "that feels nice!"

Jack was breathing hoarsely, eyes wide in alarm. He suddenly let go. Grabbing the squirt gun from Shannon he strode away blushing, confused and aroused.

Marion watched him come back from the front of the house, he was flushed and stony looking. Shannon followed a minute behind, grinning mischievously. "Everything OK, Sweetie?" 

Jack coughed and took a long pull from his beer. "Hmmm? No, I'm fine. Everything's fine. Just the running."

"Well the burgers are ready, get me one please?"

*****************************************

A few weeks later, after closing the store, Shannon grabbed Marion's elbow. "C'mon Marion! I need a beer!"

Settled into the booth at the bar they ordered drinks. The waiter was young and handsome, with full hair and a bright smile. He was very attentive to them and his eyes kept straying since both women were showing a lot of cleavage. Marion discretely undid another button to show even more. He seemed to take his time setting the coasters and putting their drinks down with each round. "Need anything else ladies? A snack perhaps?"

"Oooh" Shannon cooed, "What's good to eat?" She was pointedly looking at the crotch of his tight pants as she said this.

As the waiter went away to get the bar menus, Shannon gasped. "God! I could eat him!" 

Marion laughed. "Yeah he's easy on the eyes alright." The flirting was making her horny. Marion was wondering about going to the ladies to slip her panties off to increase her arousal for when she got home. She could mount Jack and ride him hard while supper cooked. Maybe straddle him right on the kitchen floor...

"I don't know about you, Marion, but I'm dying for a good cock!"

"Oooh," Marion laughed. "I guess Tony's getting some tonight!"

Shannon snorted. "I wish! It's a weeknight and the game is on. Besides, I need something bigger! Don't you?"

Marion shrugged. "Jack's plenty big enough for me. He fills me up nicely. Don't think I'd want any bigger to be honest."

"Really?"

Marion smiled shyly. "Yeah. He gets right to the top!" 

"Oh I'd like that!" Shannon said wistfully. She paused, thinking.

"I actually felt Jack's cock, you know" she said finally. "Like... oh no! He didn't whip it out or anything... I felt it through his pants. At the barbecue last month. When he chased me."

"So that's what was going on! Well thanks for getting him so horny! He could barely wait until we got home that evening. Fucked me like crazy all night."

"With that big cock of his? Now I really am jealous!"

********************************************

Jack was making risotto. The rule was, first one home started supper. So he made some tea and put on some music while he worked. Browning chicken, cutting up onion, adding the rice. He slowly ladled the hot broth and wine into the pot, stirring until it was all absorbed. Then he added the cheese and butter, stirring again until it was a rich, creamy consistency. Just as he was finishing he heard footsteps and laughter on the stairs. Marion and Shannon came in the door together, laughing and giggling at some private joke.

"Hi Sweetie! You're just in time. Dinner is ready!"

Marion frowned and swayed tipsily over to him. "You're so nice, making dinner while I'm out being a drunken slut." She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him in for a deep open mouthed kiss, her tongue working seductively between his lips. She broke the kiss. "I brought Shannon home."

Shannon was giggling at them to one side.

"Yeah, I'd noticed that. That's OK, I made lots."

"I want to see your huge cock!" Shannon burst out.

"Wha-?"

Marion, arms still around his neck, nodded. "It's true. I told her I'd let her see Little Jack."

"Uh... Ok?" Jack felt confused.

Marion was undoing Jack's belt. "I was telling Shannon how much I loved Little Jack and how happy he makes me." She pulled his jeans and underpants down. "So she wanted to see for herself."

Jack's penis nestled against his testicles like a frightened animal, hiding in the thicket of pubic hair.

Marion knelt down in front of him. "Oh Little Jack, don't be shy! Come out and play with me!" She started stroking at Jack's manhood, coaxing it to arousal. "I'll give you a kiss." Soft lips caressed the tip of his penis.

Jack started breathing heavily, his arousal growing. Being exposed in front of Shannon, who was staring at his cock eagerly, was shocking but exciting at the same time. Marion kept stroking and kissing him. He felt his arousal flood into his loins, the blood rushing to his penis, thickening and stiffening the shaft.

"That's better! See how big he grows!" Marion grabbed him, displaying his erection to her friend like she was showing off a favourite toy. Marion slid her tongue up the underside of the shaft, to circle the knob. "But more than a mouthful is a waste!" She opened her mouth and quickly engulfed him, taking him quickly along her tongue into her throat, burying her nose into his hair. Her fingers stroked his balls while her tongue swirled and wiggled on the underside of his cock.

Jack groaned and leaned against the edge of the stove. While he still had some thoughts for other things, he quickly moved the pot off the burner and shut the element off, shifting so he could lean without burning himself. Marion's head bobbed up and down, her mouth slurping happily.

Shannon knelt down beside her. "Can I suck on Little Jack too?"

Marion released Jack from her mouth with a slurping pop and pointed the tip towards Shannon's open hungry red lips. "Be my guest!"

Again, tongue swirling on the underside of his head then licking in swirls around the tip. Shannon then opened her mouth wider and slowly, savouring each moment, slid him deeper into her hot throat. Marion ducked her head down and took one of Jack's balls into her mouth, sucking on it tenderly. 

Jack groaned loudly, his senses overwhelmed with pleasure. He placed a hand on the head of each woman, trying to stroke their hair, but failing in his ecstatic delirium.

Shannon slid to the side, licking along the bottom of Jack's shaft, allowing Marion access as well. Two tongues swirled and danced along the taut skin of his cock, two sets of lips met at his head, kissing and licking. Shannon turned to Marion, their faces close, hot breath from each mouth mingling across the tip of Jack's penis. She reached up to pull Marion into a kiss, tongues lingering on each other for a moment. The women undid each other's buttons, revealing full swelling breasts for Jack's lustful gaze. 

They returned their attention to Little Jack, staring at them close up with one eye, twitching in anticipation and excitement. One mouth would slide Jack deep into her throat while the other would slowly suck on a ball, then they'd meet again at the tip, swirling it with twirling tongues before switching positions. Hands reached up to caress his hairy thighs, fingers caressed the underside of his scrotum, lips and tongues teased him, coaxed him.

"God" he gasped "I'm going to cum!"

Marion and Shannon sat back, both put their hands under their breasts, holding them up for Jack. "Come on our tits!" they chanted in unison.

Gripping his thick, raging cock Jack began stroking while staring at their full breasts and eager faces with open mouths. It didn't take long. A few strokes and with a grunt, hot ropes of cum jetted out as Jack twisted his hips, spraying his fountain of passion on both pairs of breasts and into both open mouths.

With a final twitch he was spent and collapsed against the stove, breathing heavily. Shannon laughed, licking around her lips and running her fingers over her sticky breasts. She leaned over to lick Jack's cum off of Marion's face and breasts. Licking turned to kissing. Her hands moved up to fondle Marion's breasts, tweaking her nipples into hardness. 

"God," Shannon moaned. "I'm still horny!"

"Mmmm" whispered Marion. "Me too."

The women stood up, hands reaching to undo each other's clothes, pulling panties down, fingers exploring between each other's legs. Marion moved them into the living room and pulled Shannon down onto the couch. Naked legs spread, they fingered each other's pussies while tongues locked in a deep kiss.

Marion turned to look at Jack, who had followed, mesmerized. "Well, sweetie? Wouldn't you like to fuck Shannon? I know you've imagined it many times."

"Yeah, I would" Jack suddenly realized he was thirsty. "But you girls carry on. Little Jack and I are going to rest up and have a cup of tea while we enjoy the show for a bit."

Marion smiled and turned back to Shannon, burying her face in Shannon's large breasts and sucking on her nipples. Shannon pushed Marion back on the couch and knelt between her thighs, lowering her face into Marion's brown bush. It was Marion's turn to gasp as Shannon's tongue sought out her clitoris, licking and searching, sucking and stroking. 

"Oh my GOODNESS!" Marion cried out, her back arching. She liked Jack eating her out, but having a woman do it, another woman who had a clitoris and knew what worked, was mind blowing. 

Jack finished his lukewarm tea and removed his shirt. Watching Marion in the throes of what was obviously a pretty good orgasm brought his cock to an even greater arousal. His head was purple and swollen, the skin of the shaft taut and almost painful, it was stretched so tight with the blood coursing through it. He moved to the end of the couch and knelt behind Shannon. Grabbing her round thighs he aimed his full, bursting head at her pink slit surrounded by soft blonde fuzz. "Mmmmmmm" Shannon said while licking at Marion. Slowly he slid it in, then out. Then in again. Going deeper each time. On the fourth thrust he pushed hard, burying his shaft up to the pelvic bone into Shannon's wet cunt. Shannon lifted her head in surprise. "Oh yes!" she cried out. "Oh God! Fuck me Jack! Fuck me hard!"

Jack didn't need any more encouragement. Griping her hips tighter he thrust hard, keeping his strokes slow and long, and giving an extra push at the end with an animal grunt. Marion slid further underneath Shannon, reaching up to play with Shannon's tits and kissing her. Jack's thrusting made Shannon's tits sway, the nipples brushing against Marion's nipples, giving both women an added secondary thrill. Marion reached her hand down to stroke Jack's balls as they swayed, feeling him slide in and out of this other woman, teasing him, stroking his excitement, adding to his mounting pleasure. She was proud of her man, proud of and in love with his virility and strength as he bulled another woman.

Marion studied Shannon's face, so close to hers, but also far away. Shannon's eyes were closed as she focused on her pleasure as Jack fucked her. Her lips were slightly parted as her lungs demanded more oxygen. She could hear Shannon's slight gasps and panting breaths. She heard Shannon's whispered "Oh God! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me hard! Yes. Yes yes yes yesyesyes..."

Shannon's rocking overtop of her increased in tempo as Jack's thrusting built up in speed as Jack's own orgasm built to a climax. Marion moved her hand to touch Shannon's soft bush, extending a finger to make tiny circles over the nub of her clitoris. "OH FUCK!!" Shannon screamed. "Oh shit I'm coming!" Panting and whimpering she collapsed onto Marion's chest, burying her face into the side of Marion's neck, whimpering in trembling ecstasy. Jack kept thrusting, not caring anymore about the woman he was buried in, just blindly thrusting towards his climax with a desperate animal need to cum inside her hot wet cunt. With a loud moan he gave a final hard thrust, his cock quivering and spurting its stream of hot semen deep into Shannon's center.

Sighing the three collapsed into a friendly heap on the couch. After a few languid moments they began to stir as discomfort registered. "Oof! Get off you two!" Marion commanded, pushing at Shannon's shoulder. "Staying for dinner Shannon?" 

Shannon sat up, smiling contentedly. "Sure, I'd love to." She looked at Marion expectantly. "Could we fuck some more for dessert?"

Marion shrugged. "Sure, as long as Little Jack is up to it." She paused. "But what will Tony say?"

Shannon laughed. "He's fine. He's watching the game with my mom, so they won't notice my absence. I'll just tell him 'I had dinner with Marion and got stuffed on some sausage!'"