 We were planning to have a few friends over for supper and had been getting things ready for most of the day. As we moved around I had gotten in a some rubs, 'accidental' touches and a few downright gropes. Nothing too unusual except my wife seemed to be right into it and had responded with quite a few of her own touches. We finally got everything ready and I was getting ready for a shower. "Let's shower together, it'll be quicker" I suggested.

Surprisingly, my wife readily agreed! Now there's just no way that two people can shower together without touching, and we both got in our share, getting both of us quite hot. Unfortunately we didn't have time to take it any further as our friends would soon be arriving. 

We had a few drinks before, during and after supper with both my wife and I taking every opportunity to get a little touch in where we could. By 10 or so everyone had left except one of our friends we had been chatting with. The talk had come around to movies we had and hadn't seen and we'd just borrowed one that none of us had seen yet. We grabbed another round of drinks, got comfy on the couch with my wife in the middle, dimmed the lights and fired up the movie. As it was well into fall, our basement living room was quite cool, so my wife grabbed a blanket and pulled it over our laps. I was just about to tell her that I wasn't cold until I felt her hand brush over my crotch. 

The movie was your basic romance/thriller, unfortunately it wasn't as good as we'd hoped, but it had quite a bit of action (in and out of the bedroom). While we were watching it I started running my hand up and down the inside of her thigh, just to the point of barely touching her crotch. It must have been the drinks, because rather than stopping me she shifted so I'd have a bit better access without our friend knowing anything was happening. She returned the touches and by the halfway point of the movie both our pants were undone and the zippers down. We thought we were doing quite well at being subtle until we heard "It's bad enough with the action on the screen, without you two going at it beside me!"

Both of us froze, looking over at him, unsure of what to say or do. Before I could say anything, my wife turned toward him and said, "We're sorry...are you feeling left out?"

I wasn't sure where she was going with that comment until I saw a very surprised look on his face and realized that she must have reached over and fondled him under the blanket. Now my wife and I had occasionally joked about a threesome, and comments had come up during some hot sex, but that was about it. Now here it was and I wasn't sure if I wanted to go any further, or if my wife was really heading in that direction. It took him a few seconds to recover from the surprise, then he said, "If you do that again, I might not be able to behave myself".

With that, she turned toward me and I could see both the desire and the hesitation on her face. I knew that she was at least somewhat attracted to him, and I was so turned on by then that I can't say I really thought about it, I reached out for her and as I slid my hand up under her top to cup one breast I whispered in her ear "Go for it!"

For an answer I got a long, hot kiss as her left hand came around to stroke my erection which by now was standing totally clear of my jeans. "Look after our guest for a minute, will you?" I asked, and got up and popped the movie out of the VCR and slid in one of our porn tapes. 

By the time I turned back to the couch, she was indeed taking care of him. The blanket was off and she was openly fondling him through his jeans while they kissed hotly. I sat down beside her and reached around and undid the buttons on her top and eased it off of her. As I undid her bra and freed her breasts, I heard the sound of his zipper being undone. They broke their kiss as her bra came off, giving him a wonderful view of her chest. "She loves her cleavage kissed", I suggested.

He immediately took the hint and as I leant over for another hot kiss, his lips were working their way up and down her cleavage. We settled back to watch the tape for a bit, with both of our hardons getting fondled, as we in turn stroked and fondled her from top to bottom. We were heating up just as fast as the action on the screen, which was now showing a girl being eaten by one guy while she went down on another. Now my wife has to be quite turned on before she'll get into oral sex, but I figured if she wasn't turned on by now then she wasn't going to be! I lay back on the couch and guided her head down to my erection. 

She manoeuvred around so that she could go down on me while presenting our guest with a perfect view of her crotch. Catching on quickly, he was soon pleasing my wife with his tongue and lips just as she was pleasing me. With the excitement of what was happening, it didn't take long before I was getting close to orgasm. Instead of backing off when I said I was close to cumming, she started teasing my sensitive backdoor. That was all it took to make me cum, and while I felt like it went on for minutes, I know it didn't take that long it. As soon as I was done, she climbed onto me while I was still hard and took me all the way into her pussy in one stroke. At the same time she leant forward and gave me my first taste of my cum as we shared an incredibly hot kiss. She hadn't swallowed all of it and she let was was left trickle from her tongue to mine as we kissed. She rode me like that for a minute or so until I said, "Why not give our guest a few licks and I'll take you from behind?" 

That's always been our favourite position so it didn't take much convincing for her to kneel on the floor and take him into her mouth while I got behind her and slid my dick back into her. After a few minutes I leant forward and whispered in her ear. I knew my suggestion appealed to her when she pulled her mouth off his hardon and told him to lie down on the floor. As soon as he was there, she straddled him and guided his hardness into her. I sat there for a bit just watching as my wife had her first sex with someone else since we'd been married. After they worked out a rhythm that was good for both of them, I got my finger good and wet and started to tease her puckered backdoor. The more I teased, the more she pushed back until I was easing my finger in and out in time to their rhythm. As soon as everything was wet and relaxed enough, I took my finger out and guided my hardon to her ass. 

As soon as she felt it pressing against her, she stopped so I could ease it in. A loud moan confirmed that it felt as good for her as for me. It was a bit trickier with 3 of us moving, but we finally worked out the movements so that as she came back off his cock, she took mine up her ass. I could almost feel our cocks sliding back and forth past each other and I knew by her movements that her fingers were busily stroking her clit as she got closer to her own orgasm. Not surprisingly it was our friend who came next, thrusting up hard enough to almost lift the two of us up a bit. Shortly after that I could feel little contractions around my shaft and heard her start to moan even harder. Quickly her orgasm crashed over her, moaning and shaking. Even though I'd already came once, that was all it took for me to shoot another load into her ass. We kind of collapsed into a very satisfied heap on the floor, the porn flick all but forgotten. 

We started to chat while our pulses came back to normal and we all agreed that while things would certainly never be the same between us, if nothing else it was one hell of a good dinner party! Who knows...maybe we'll get together for 'dinner' again some time!