  This story contains male bi-sexuality 

It had been just a few days since the night Beth and Ray took their employee Jamie home with them to help fulfill their fantasy of having a bi-sexual male threesome. The night had gone well enough with all three participants having a good time. However, as the weekend ending gave way to the start of the week. Ray went to the office to find a message on his answering service. He sighed deeply as he hit the flashing red light; he was reasonably sure what the news would be before he even listened. 

“Hey uh Ray I am not sure I can come in today I am just a little unsure about even staying there after the other night. I had fun, but it just seems like things could be weird from here on out. I am sorry if this puts you in a bind but I just can't do it.” 

Ray sat back in his chair looking at the desk his thoughts raced just hoping that Jamie would not relay the story of what occurred to his dad. He thought for a while as he sipped from his Starbucks cup then picked up his phone to call his wife.

“Sweetie I am not sure what to do. Jamie I think is quitting and I am worried that he may tell his dad, and I am not sure how this could all end.”

“Okay calm down babe, I will go over to his house and check on him make sure everything is cool, and no one is mad. He is probably just thinking he will be uncomfortable around you.” Beth tried her best to soothe her husband as she climbed out of the bathtub and toweled off before she slipped on her tiniest thong and smallest skirt. 

“Okay thank you I just don't want to ruin an old friendship over something like this, and well I do think Jamie would respond better to you than to me.” 

Beth's mind wandered back to what happened in the guest room, as she finished dressing and fixing her long blonde hair. She gave herself to Jamie, and Ray had no idea. Beth knew that Ray was right; Jamie did not come in because of the threesome. The married woman had remained in contact with the young man throughout the weekend, behind her husband's back. Beth gave herself one last quick look in the mirror before walking out the door.

Ray sat at his desk almost jumping at every ring of the phone worried Jamie had told his parents and while Jamie was an adult, his dad would still probably lose it on him if he found out the details of the dinner from the other night. Ray did his best to keep his mind on work and helping the few people trickling in and out of the office. Nevertheless, when his cell phone rang he put everything aside to take the call.

“Beth, what's up?”

“I am at Jamie's calm down babe, his parents are not home his car is here, so I am just going to go in and chat with him see how he is okay.”

“Okay, okay I am just a bit worried.”

"I know sweetie, calm down." Beth said as she rolled her eyes. The longtime wife had no idea what power Jamie's dad must have, but it must have been immense judging by the way her husband acted. 

Beth laid her phone down in the cup holder of her Lexus and walked up to the front door of the house. She smiled as thought about how Ray had given her a perfect excuse to be seen at Jamie's house. The married wife had spent part of the weekend trying to figure out how to arrange another rendezvous with her young lover, and of all people, her husband supplied it. Beth's heels clicked loudly on the flooring of the porch, she smiled as she looked at her reflection in the glass of the storm door she knew she looked more like a high priced call girl then a concerned wife. She took a quick moment to adjust her hair in the glass before knocking on it.

The few minutes until the door opened seemed to take forever, her heart rate increased her palms became sweaty, as her nerves were running wild. The door finally opened, and there stood Jamie in the doorway wearing only a pair of boxer shorts. 

Beth felt her heart skip a beat as the object of her desire from just a few days ago stood before her. She could feel her pussy tingle a bit as she looked at Jamie. She did not know what it was about this young man, but this 21-year-old had something she could not resist. 

“Oh hey Beth, please come in.” Jamie said as he opened the door and invited her into the house. 

“Good morning sweetie, Ray was worried about you not coming into work, and well I was worried you were upset with me as well after you did not respond to my last text message last night.” Beth said as she walked in and took a seat on the couch. 

A smile formed on Jamie's face as he thought back to the collection of lewd pictures Beth had been sending him. "I just fell asleep last night sorry, and I am far from mad at Ray, I was just unsure what to do after what happened the other night. I mean him and me you know.” 

“Oh, dear boy do you think you are the first guy to experiment? And besides you and I also had our fun, but you aren't avoiding me.”

“Well no but, hell I don't know. It's just it is different with you, your you and well he is a guy.” Jamie spoke nervously as he moved to sitting on the couch next to Beth. He was apparently shaken up by the bi-sexual acts he committed, but at the same time, he could not take his eyes off the 40-year-old woman sitting on his couch. 

“Oh sweetie it is okay it was a heat of the moment type of thing, and no one is going to judge you for anything. You have Ray quite scared he thinks you will tell your dad about what happened.” Beth spoke as she carefully inched her way closer to Jamie. The married woman felt comfort in the fact Jamie had yet to look away from her, she knew this all revolved around Ray and not her. 

“Oh no, I won't tell. I mean I did all that on my own, and I am an adult I am responsible for it. I would not dare ruin their friendship.” Jamie said as he could feel Beth getting closer as a bead of sweat rolled down his forehead. His heart raced as his cock started to stiffen. 

“Well that is good I like a young man who will take responsibility for their actions. But, Jamie you haven't really answered are you mad at me.” Beth asked as her hand rubbed up and down the young man's bare leg. 

"Of course not...Mrs. Jones." Jamie said a bit puzzled by the question as he assumed the weekend's worth of sexting should have been evidence enough.

“Silly boy remember to call me Beth!” She said with a bit of authority to her voice as she grasped the boy's stiff cock through his boxers. "I want this cock again Jamie. It is all I could think about when I was sending you those pictures."

“Yes, Beth.” He said breathlessly as she pulled his boxers down to allow the large hard cock to spring free from its prison.

“Jamie, I need this dick.” were the last words Beth spoke before she wrapped her lips around the young man's hard meat swallowing all 9 inches with ease. She squeezed her full red lips tightly around the hard cock. Beth took his balls into her hand squeezing them tightly then massaging them. She alternated the squeezing with the massaging. 

Jamie moaned in pleasure then groaned in pain as Beth alternated the way she used his balls. “Oh, Fuck baby...it's your dick use it however you want." Jamie announced to hungry cocksucker. 

Beth pulled her lips away from the hard cock her lipstick smeared on the shaft as a long trail of saliva and pre-cum ran from her lips to the swollen head of the cock. She pumped the cock hard with her fingers barely fitting all the way around it as she pulled Jamie's face to hers. She kissed him deeply as the words of him giving himself to her much like she did with him in the guest room filled her with lust.

Jamie's breathing was labored as he was still unsure where things were going with the older married woman but he also did not care he needed her.  Jamie grabbed the back of Beth's head and held her lips to his, maintaining their deep kiss longer. The couple's tongues twirled together as she shared the taste of his cock with him. Beth pushed Jamie back against the couch as she stood up removing her shirt and skirt. 

Jamie did not hesitate as he saw the tiny thong barely covering Beth's bald pussy. He reached out, grabbed the thong, and pulled it so hard it ripped from her body. “Oh, my easy big boy.” Said Beth with delight at the aggressiveness of Jamie. 

“I can't help it I want my pussy.” He said as he pulled Beth back to him. She straddled his lap and immediately placed the swollen head inside her pussy. “Oh fuck.” He moaned as Beth slid the entire cock into her pussy.

“Jamie I love your cock it's so big.” She squealed with delight as started to buck her hips back and forth riding the young man aggressively. "I told you, baby, my CUNT is yours." Beth said as she made a point to accentuate the word.  

Jamie lowered his head to her large D cup breasts taking a nipple into his mouth sucking it hard before switching to the other nipple. Beth moaned hard with the nipple stimulation and with her pussy being so full of cock. Jamie feeling more and more aggressive with his older lover wrapped his massive muscular arms around her and squeezed her body tightly making her bounce harder on his cock. 

“Oh, not so rough baby I can't take it.” Beth moaned, as her pussy was still tender from the night they all shared.

Jamie did not respond to the plea for relief as he instead took his hand and slapped it hard on Beth's butt cheek. He slapped her cheek every time she sat all the way down on his cock. His hand forming a bright red print on her cheek as she bit her lip enjoying the spanking. 

“Oh, baby I'm gonna cum.” Beth moaned as her body quivered. 

Jamie smiled as he looked into Beth's eyes seeing them roll back into her head as her juices flowed down his shaft. He pushed her off his cock as she finished shaking and quivering, Beth fell to the floor with a thud. He stood up holding his cock in his hand stroking his shaft as Beth looked up at him rubbing her clit. “What are you going to do with me, Jamie?” 

Jamie quickly grabs her hair jerking her face to his cock. Beth knew just what to do she opened her mouth to swallow the cock again; she could taste her cum on the cock as she sucked the piece of meat like a woman possessed. Jamie wrapped his hands around her long blonde locks and jerked her head down; Beth gagged hard as she was not ready to take the whole thing in such a quick motion. Jamie groaned as he enjoyed the feel of her gagging, as he jerked her head back then down again. Beth slobbered all over the cock as she could not help but gag again. 

“Oh yeah, that's nice.” He groaned as he pulled her head back violently now starting to fuck her face. His balls slapped her chin as he thrust his cock in and out as if he was fucking a tight pussy. "This is my mouth to use too." he growled.

Beth loved being used by her younger lover; she gagged and choked on the hard piece of meat beating against the back of her throat. She tried to keep up but Jamie was thrusting her head back and forth to fast. 

Jamie held back as he could feel his balls tighten, he knew that not stopping now would result in blowing his load in her mouth, and that was not what he craved. “Lay down I want to cum inside my cunt.”

Beth almost felt as if she could cum again just hearing the words Jamie said as she laid down and rolled over onto her stomach. She laid her head down on the carpet and raised her ass in the air. Jamie did not need any more of an invitation. He lowered himself to his knees and guided his saliva-coated cock into Beth from behind.

Beth almost screeched as he entered her, Jamie was big and when he entered her from behind it seemed to feel even more massive to her. Jamie did not start gradually he just started pounding into her pussy without mercy. He pulled his cock nearly out before he slammed it back into her balls deep with every stroke. His thrusts were powerful, Beth felt as if her pussy was being ripped open by them. Jamie loved the feel of her pussy it was better than any he had before he could barely control himself as he reached forward and grabbed her hair jerking it back with a power tug.

“Fuck Jamie!” Beth screamed as her head ripped back violently and the thrusts seemed to grow in intensity. 

“Shut-up you want it.” growled Jamie as he started slamming his hand against her ass with powerful slaps. 

“Yes sir, I want it.” Beth answered as she could feel a tear roll down her cheek and sweat down her forehead. She took great joy in the fact Jamie was taking control of her; she had given herself to him and was now helpless under the muscular young man. 

Beth was typically always in control, her husband worshiped her, and as he aged and put on a few extra pounds, he just seemed to submit to her more and more. The few times Ray even spoke to her roughly or tried to take control in their sex life it was only because Beth had given him permission to cuss her or use her. She was in uncharted areas with Jamie, and she loved it. 

“I'm gonna cum!” Jamie groaned as the sweat rolled down his face. His body glistened with sweat as the first of six massive squirts of cum filled Beth's pussy. “Oh fuck.” Jamie said as he squeezed out the last drops of cum into her body. 

Beth fell over onto her stomach trying to catch her breath as the feeling of the exploding cock sent her over the edge sending her into a massive orgasm the likes of which she had never had before. “That was... was unreal.”

Jamie smiled, as he knew precisely what Beth meant, while he had cum more times the last time they were together he had never cum like that before in his life. 

The moment of breathless enjoyment was soon broken by the sound of a ringing cell phone. Jamie looked around the room to find his phone ringing. He looked at it and just threw it to Beth. 

“Hello.” Said Beth, as she laid there breathless.

“Hey, you didn't call what's up?”

“It will be okay Ray; calm down Mike won't even be back in town for a few days they extended their vacation.”

Jamie laid on the floor staring at the sexy 40-year-old blonde-haired woman body feeling his cock stir again and feeling a new sexual energy/confidence he never had before. The young man started stroking his cock again, as he looked at Beth whose eyes met his and just mouthed the words. “Tell him to come over.”

“Hey, babe... Why don't you come by and we can make sure everything is good okay.” 

“Well I am not sure, maybe we should just let this thing die. I am too worried about this it was a bad idea from the start. Mike would kill me if he knew.”

“Oh my god, Ray stop being such a pussy, come over do you understand?”

“Yes dear I will be there in a few minutes I will close the office early.” Ray said with a tone of fear in his voice, he feared the anger of his wife. 

Jamie looked at Beth as she laid the phone down. “Is he coming over?”

“Yes, Jamie.” 

“Good.”

“What has come over you?” asked Beth as she looked at Jamie seeing something in the young man's face seemed to have changed. 

Jamie did not answer the question he instead just stood up and pulled Beth to him. He pushed his lips to hers they kissed with a great passion between the two. Their tongues entwined in each other’s mouth, rubbing against one another. Jamie slowly pulled his lips away taking the time to suck hard on Beth's lower lip as their kiss finally broke. "You..." He said calmly 

Jamie pushed Beth to her knees again as he slapped his long hardening cock against her face. Beth was yet hungry for more as she felt the meat hit her face. She took a few moments to just lick his balls and just tease him making the cock grow harder. Her tongue worked and massaged until the cock was standing straight out at full attention. “That's it lick it.”

Beth followed Jamie's command just using her tongue only. She was actually pleased that was all he wanted as her throat was still screaming in pain from the pounding the back of it took from her face fucking she had received.

The doorbell rang to interrupt the moment. Jamie and Beth both paused their actions as they looked at it. “Ray got here quick.”

“Well, he does as I say.”

“Well good because you are going to do as I say.” Jamie spoke with authority as he looked into Beth's eyes. He was not sure where this was coming from but something between the other night and his lust for Beth was driving him. “Come on in Ray.”

The door opened slowly as Ray peeked in and could see straight into the living room. The second his eyes locked in on the sight of Beth and Jamie, The young man grabbed Beth by her hair again and forced his cock down her throat. 

Ray gasped as he saw the sight of his wife on her knees gagging on the cock of Jamie. He was just holding her there choking her with his cock. “What are you doing?” Ray asked, as he was shocked to see them naked and to see Jamie choking his wife with his cock. 

Jamie did not answer and instead just started as he did earlier; fucking her lips like it was a pussy. Jamie grunted at every gag made by Beth. Ray stared at the cock fucking his wife's lips, he was hurt his wife never played alone, but he was also enjoying see her like this. 

“Just sit down.” Jamie said as he continued to assault the married woman's mouth.

Ray was unsure why but he did as Jamie told him to do. He sat on the couch behind them his view straight at the firm toned ass of Jamie. He could feel his cock getting hard as he unzipped his pants and started stroking himself.

Jamie turned loose of Beth's head letting her pull her mouth away and regain her breath. He pivots around to see Ray stroking his cock. “You like that don't you?”

Ray nodded without saying a word. Beth crawled on the floor over to Jamie as she grasped his hard cock giving it loving, gentle kisses to the head and shaft. 

“Please, Jamie fuck me again. Fuck your cunt.” 

Jamie smiled as he laid Beth on the floor. “Hold her legs up.” 

Ray climbed off the couch straddling his wife face with his cock hanging inches from her mouth as he pulls her legs up high. The married man was confused and turned on all at the same time. 

“Don't suck his cock.” Jamie said as he inched his cock into Beth's married pussy. He took his time making sure Ray could see every inch disappear inside.

Ray groaned as he glared seeing the massive cock invade his wife's pussy. He saw this the other night, but today things seemed different. This time as Ray watched he knew that his wife liked Jamie's cock more, he knew she was more than happy to do as the young man ordered. Ray could feel her breath on his cock he hoped that she would defy her young lover and suck it. As Jamie fully entered her his slow insertion gave way to full hard thrusts. 

Beth's moans grew in intensity as the thrusts did. Her breathing hard and fast, the hot breath blowing across Ray's cock furthering his wanting to be pleasured. 

“Lick her pussy.” Jamie ordered as he pushed Ray's face down to Beth's clit. Jamie thrust with great force as Ray's tongue encountered Beth's clit. 

“Oh yes... yes!” 

Ray licked the clit the best he could, but with the force of Jamie’s thrust, he often felt his tongue rubbing more of 21-year-olds shaft. “I think you like my cock more.” Jamie said as he could feel Ray's tongue on his young cock. 

Jamie slid his cock out of Beth's pussy and fed it right into Ray's mouth. “Come on this is what you wanted wasn't it.” Jamie grasped the back of Rays head and started fucking his lips much as he did Beth's

Ray enjoyed it the first time but the way things were happening this time just was not the same he felt ashamed and a bit humiliated as he sucked the cock invading his mouth. 

“Oh yes, baby you are such a good cocksucker.” Purred Beth as she could not see the action but she could hear it. Ray was slobbering all over the cock in his mouth. 

Jamie was impressed by the oral skills of Ray, he thought it the other night, but now he was sure of it. Ray was a better cocksucker then his wife. Jamie pulled his cock from Ray's mouth and inserted it back into Beth, but this time he did it with one forceful thrust. 
