 This is a bisexual story and for the two of you who think this belongs under the gay heading it’s time you entered the real world…  Bisexuality and gay are NOT the same thing.  Bisexuals enjoy both sexes not just one.   Enough said.
So, again to the two of you, do all of us a favor and stop reading my stories.


Dinner and Drinks for Three”


What a treat it is to be able to leave work early on a Friday and if everything was on schedule Jen was now leaving her job early too. A call from Lee an old college buddy of mine was the catalyst to our small adventure. His job had brought him out to San Diego and on a whim Jen and I talked him into extending his trip so we could make the drive from L.A. to spend a couple days together. 

Back in the day the three of us we inseparable. Lee and I roomed together and when Jen and I started dating we fell into a natural rhythm of pulling Lee along when ever he was free. Hell, Jen and I were so comfortable in Lee’s company that we’d wind up in the throws of passion on my side of the room while he’d struggled to study. Oh how easy life was back then. Our college days ended, Jen and I married and Lee’s job took him to the other coast but we never lost our close bond. We kept in touch, got together when we could and at every reunion we stripped away the years, laugh, tease and go through the do you remember whens.  The three of us would wind up sitting in a random secluded bar sharing a drink or two as we’d reminisce and this trip promised to be more of the same.

I got home found Jen’s car in the drive and headed up the stairs. Jen was already packing our suitcase and garment bag, which was spread all over the bed. I changed added a few things to the suitcase and in no time we were on our way. We had managed to make in onto the road heading south early enough to miss most of the traffic and within a couple hours we were pulling into the hotel. Lee had left instructions at the front desk and we were escorted to the room being pleasantly surprised to find it a two-bedroom suite. We found our bedroom and started to unpack when I looked up to see Jen with a mischievous smile and something half hidden. Curious, I tried to look around her only to see one of those colored plastic bags over a hanger and Jen’s teasing eyes as she said… 

“Don’t get to anxious big boy you’ll get to see this tonight. I think you’ll like it.”

With a raising of my eye brows I knew whatever it was would be something very sexy and I couldn’t wait to see in on her. 

Jen had the body of a gymnast. A bit taller but athletic, still toned, small cone shaped breasts and gently rounded hips with a tight firm butt. Oh how I loved it when she wore things that showed off her frame and now hoped she had something like that on that hanger. I must have telegraphed what I was thinking because with a giggle she said.

“Save that for later you horny boy” and danced away heading for the bathroom. 

She closed the door and started the shower when I heard the suite door open. Lee had returned and with handshakes and hugs we greeted one another. Lee’s smile was as I always remembered it and we began to cover the changes in our life as Lee wandered to the bar and poured a couple drinks. With a clink of glasses and a wave of his hands he said. 

“How do you like all this? The company is paying for it, well most of it all I have do have to stock the bar so enjoy.”

Nodding I told him it was cool and we headed to the couch when our bedroom door opened and out rushed Jen.  Her hair was still damp and she was wearing a thin silky robe tied at the waist well almost tied that is and she rushed over to Lee throwing her arms around his neck and kissing his lips. Her every step flashed bits of her body and not for the first time I thrilled as her body pressed into Lee’s. 

Over the years Lee had become some of our fantasy fodder as his close familiarity with Jen and I had crept into our lovemaking. One evening as I stood behind her with my rigid cock flattened against her and my hands tweaking her nipples I whispered. 

“Do you remember doing this back in the dorm room with poor Lee trying to study?”

Her body shuddered and taking the cue I added. 

“I’ll bet you wanted Lee to stand up, strip naked and press his hardened manhood into you like I’m pressing mine or maybe you hoped he’d come around and stick his dick into your face so you could get it from both of us.”

Her moan had said it all and as we fucked I filled her ears with images of Lee and I taking her together. Shit, that night and those thoughts had her wickedly wet and wild. Needless to say we visited that over and over.

Now Lee had his hands around my almost naked wife and more than anything I wanted to see him slip the robe from her shoulders but sadly he broke the kiss took a drink and headed to his room saying 

“Jeeze Jen don’t do that you know I have to get ready.”

Jen turned and with a devilish grin passed by casually asking me, 

“So what do you think of turning our fantasy into reality?”

Only half hearing her words I stumbled and bumbled an almost incoherent 

“What?”

In a daze I followed her back into our room.

Jen knew the answer to that question but just stood there with an innocent smile and watched me squirm as she repeated… 

“How would you like to turn our bedroom fantasy into reality?”  Then she added “You know Lee has wanted this for a long time and just now when he saw me near naked I felt him harden as we kissed.  I pressed against it and he pressed back.  His cock felt wonderful!  So what do you think? Do you want to invite him into our bed?”

”Right now.”  I stammered as the thought jolted me. 

“No you silly ass” she answered adding, 

“Not right this very second but tonight sometime tonight. This is also about seduction and teasing not just screwing.”

What else could I say but, “oh hell yes.”

As we had lit up our sex life with this thought for a while and lamely added.

“But it’s really up to you and anything you do you is ok with me!”

I realized I was already hard as a rock when Jen answered with a cryptic, 

“And anything you do is okay with me… anything.”

I reached for Jen but again she batted me away telling me. 

“Get out of here I still have to finish getting ready.”

Heading into the other room I picked up my drink and downed the remainder of the glass in a single swallow then poured myself some more. A few minutes later Lee came out of his room and said. 

“You better pour me some more too because that pretty wife of yours drives me crazy.”

Laughing I said, “Ya I know she told me how crazy you felt during that kiss.”

Lee began to stammer and apology but I stopped him midstream and said.

“Oh relax we’ve been together for years and we are as close as any friends can be so nothing you and Jen do together would ever require and apology… as long as I’m there too.”  I added evilly. 

Lee’s laugh echoed my own and as we waited for Jen we nursed our drinks. The conversation drifted easy and light until Jen stepped from the room.

Both our jaws dropped! There she stood in a short little emerald green dress with little thin straps over her mostly bare shoulders. Her skin warm and stunning against that color but the most inflaming part was how tight it was. It flowed over her taut frame leaving little to the imagination at what lay beneath. Her cone shaped tits were clearly defined as were the rise of her nipples and as she spun around for us the dress danced over her beautiful behind dropping seductively over her cheeks clearly defining their shape. 

In our stunned silence Jen said. 

“What, don’t you like it? Guess I’ll just have to change” and teasing headed back towards the room. 

Lee and I sputtered a “no” simultaneously and in a tongue-tied duet we managed to put voice to how marvelous she looked.  I’ll never know how we managed to let her get away from us but with a lithe step she backed into the room picked up her purse as Lee breathed in stunned whisper. 

“Do you think she’s wearing anything under that dress?”

“Doesn’t look like it.  Does it?”  Was all I got out as Jen reappeared.

The three of us linked arms in the hallway and happily wandered to the elevators. Where we spend the seconds waiting and telling Jen how hot she looked. Jen beamed at the compliments and gave us both quick kisses of ‘thank you’. The elevator arrived as Lee was saying 

“With all the video surveillance in these places now days I wonder what they thought of you taking turns and kissing both of us?” Adding hell “I bet even then these elevators are monitored.”

Laughing we looked around but saw no visible cameras when Jen said. 

“That kiss was much to get excited over’ but this might be.”

Then as the doors closed she pressed herself into me in a languid, seductive kiss and then broke away from me and reaching up she took hold of Lee’s neck giving him a even more passionate kiss. I didn’t know how I was going to walk as my cock was ballooning my pants outwards watching them when in a surreal moment Jen’s hands left Lee’s neck and disappeared between the two of them. I knew she had just touched Lee’s tool and when they broke apart I saw a bulge in Lee’s pants.

Absently, I heard Jen saying 

“Now that ought to give them something to wonder about.”

Standing there I found myself thinking what a marvelous thing a hard cock was as it shouted desire and attraction by its very existence. Catching Jen’s eyes I noticed she was busy looking from my crotch to Lee’s admiring how quickly we had both responded to her. This evening was going to be wicked!

Dinner was rather uneventful. Lee had chosen this place on a recommendation of one of his clients. It was one of those trendy little places where the food was artfully presented but the portions were woefully small. Considering where we were heading the meal was perfectly light and one not to weight us down later. Leaving the restaurant we headed out for a nightcap and a little dancing. 

Lee took us to a great little place where we found a darken booth all to ourselves. Our butts had barely touched the seats when Jen leaned over gave me a peck, winked and pushed Lee out of the booth telling him, 

“Come on Lee I want to dance.”

Lee threw a smile my way and turned taking Jen to the dance floor. It was impossible for me not to watch and luckily the booth while not close to the dancing was elevated on a second tier, which allowed a great view of floor.

The band played a number of classic rock songs and I watched Jen as her lithe body danced. Damn, she sure could move and I looked at how comfortable Lee and Jen were as they swayed to the music. They looked so good together that I didn’t even realize that I was daydreaming until the two of them slid back into the booth. Truth be told my dirty little mind had been visualizing what it would look like to see the two of them dancing together naked. Jen and Lee seemed warm and flushed and greedily took sips of their drinks as I watched the rise and fall of her perky tits. 

Looking at my sexy wife I kissed her and pulled her back to the dance floor with an. 

“It’s my turn.”

The music played and Jen and I spun bodies entwined into a pressed dirty dancing. Dancing is something we have always done well and with my leg between hers I pressed my hand into the small of her back and thrilled to the feeling of her pubic mound grinding against me. The evening traveled on and the bar filled so now we were just three in a room of many sharing dances and drinks. Between Lee and I we hardly gave Jen a rest and by the early hours the three of us were dancing together. 

Finally, with our arms linked around Jen the band moved into a slower song Jen pressed herself into Lee leaning in and kissing him passionately and then switching to me for an equally intense kiss… I glanced around and knowing smiles lit a few faces near us. Something about seeing others realize we were a threesome was tantalizing wanton and Lee and I openly pressed our bodies into Jen. The music drifted as we headed back to our booth sandwiching Jen between us yet again.

Reaching out under the table I rested my hand on her leg and stole a glance downward only then realizing that Jen’s free hand was already resting very high oh Lee’s thigh. She had turned my way as she felt the contact and then waiting until I had made eye contact she gave a slight tilt to head and with a shift of her eyes she sent my eyes back towards her hand on Lee’s leg.  She waited until I was clearly focused and then she reached out with her little finger and traced the line of Lee’s hard on. 

She did all this as she watched my face for its reaction. My eyes popped as I moistened my suddenly dry lips and as I did this Lee’s body gave a noticeable jump at the contact. Jen’s grin was easy to see in that darkened bar and when Lee’s hand settled onto Jen’s other thigh I caught her face shift to a mischievous smile. She parted her knees. Oh, this was becoming fucking unbelievable! 

My own erection throbbed within my slacks as Jen’s free hand dropped into my lap. She didn’t tease me instead she closed her hand over the prominent knob my dick was making and gently squeezed. With my hand resting on her leg I began to lightly trace the inside of her thigh urging her leg up and over mine. She obliged willingly and now sat there spread apart.  The table barely hiding what we were doing, thank goodness we were in a darkened booth against the back wall.

Slightly distracted by the thought of being caught and looking to see if we were being watched I nearly missed Jen lifting her other leg over Lee’s knee. It was the movement that brought me back. Lee’s hand was now under what remained of her skirt and I could tell from the angle he was at the least cupping her pubic mound or at best separating her folds to gain access to her moist inner depths. Jen’s hips began a subtle movement and I knew Lee was sliding his fingers into her. My head spun both from the excitement of what was going on right next to me and I nearly lost it when I felt Jen try to work the zipper to my pants. I didn’t know whether or not I wanted her to expose me here in the bar so when she just couldn’t get the zipper down I relaxed. 

Looking towards her I found she was leaning into Lee and I thought she was kissing his ear only to be doubly shocked to see his hand reappear from under her skirt and then reach across to my pants.  His fingers slid under the waistband brushing intimately close as he pinched the belt between fingers and thumb.  Providing the stability for Jen to reach over undo the belt, buckle and then lower my zipper. Lee seemed to have little hesitation in reaching out to take hold of my belt and when his hand withdrew I swore I felt him trace the back of his fingers over the bit of bare skin they encountered. A little startled by that thought I watched as his hand found it way back under her skirt.

Many images and thoughts ran through my head as I factored a number of things all at once; first off I could smell Jen’s arousal knowing it had come off Lee’s exposed fingers, even more than that his fingers had been noticeably wet, also the kiss I saw wasn’t a kiss but a whisper and lastly with a bit of a start I realized that I did not have any problems with Lee’s hands in my pants. Sitting here mulling over his sudden excursion I wondered what it would feel like to hold another man’s rod and the image of guiding Lee’s prick into Jen made me shiver.

With my zipper down Jen worked my penis free from my pants and in the craziest moment of my life my cock was now sitting proud, erect and on display in a public place as Jen closed her fist around it and began to pump. It was insane but I fucking loved every second of this depraved play. My hand stroked her soft inner thigh eventually sliding up to her pussy only to encounter Lee’s hand already working her soft folds and I slipped my hand over his, working my finger into her along with his. I can’t even begin to describe the intensity of this theater as it was an amazing deliriously reckless tryst. More than anything I wanted to head back to our room but the other two seemed to be enjoying themselves too much to leave. 

Jen’s hips moved as Lee and I tried to synchronize our movements and I could tell she was unbelievably wet. It was about then that the waitress returned and while she had to know what was going on she never let slip that she saw or suspected anything. However, at her approach Jen had pulled her hand away leaving my dick exposed and she had sat up a bit rolling our fingers from inside her. Lee ordered us another round as we gave each other a sheepish grin and Jen tried to push me out of the booth so she could go to the ladies room. Needless to say with my dick hanging out I wasn’t about to move an inch so laughing at my predicament she then spun to Lee and made him move.

As she left I strained to see if we had left a noticeable wet spot on her dress. In the darkened light of the bar nothing was visible. Suddenly with Jen gone I felt terribly exposed and even more so when I noticed Lee looking into my lap. With a snicker he managed an,

“It’s a terrible way to leave you isn’t it?” 

Somehow his words didn’t match his smirk and sitting there I thought of adjusting myself back into my pants. With a quick scan I checked out the bar and decided that since I was reasonably hidden and no one was looking I had no reason to panic. Instead I tuned into the blistering hot lewdness of this situation.

That’s when I noticed Lee still taking glances at my erection and as I fluxed between self-consciousness and exhibitionism Lee said something that really startled me.

“Randy you know that you have a gorgeous cock.”

Lee and I had been friends for more than a decade so I had a terrible time deciding how to take that off the wall statement.  A
All I was able to manage was a confused, 

“Thank you.”

 Sensing my discomfort Lee let out a deep belly laugh as he added 

“Don’t get concerned I’m not about to reach out and grab you.” Taking a sip of his drink and adding with a broad grin… “That is unless you want me too?”

We both laughed but crazy things were happening inside of me because of his words I had an image of his fist closed around my rigid shaft and in this moment I didn’t think I would object. The other thing that startled me was the way he kept looking at my prick but before I could resolve my thoughts Lee said. 

“Randy we’ve known each other since our first week in college but there is something I never told you. It’s something you must have guessed but it is also something I don’t want to ruin our friendship so relax because nothing would happen without your permission.” 

The bar seemed silent and deep down I knew what he was about to say because I’d had hints as far back as I could remember. He then said, 

“Randy, I’m bisexual! I enjoy men as much as I enjoy women.”

Millions of questions popped into my head but I found myself combining two questions into one and one that by far seemed the weirdest… 

“if you’re bi and we’ve known each other for decades why didn’t I know and haven’t you ever hit on me?”

Lee shrugged his shoulders then said 

“As for your not knowing that can only be blamed on blindness as for not hitting on you. Well you always seemed too homophobic and I didn’t to ruin our friendship.”

It took microseconds to process his statement and I knew everything he said was true… well had been true. Some how what concerns I had vanished and I reached out and took Lee’s hand guiding it to my cock. It was the first male on male contact of my life and it was electric. The last thing he slipped in was 

“While you were too stupid to catch on Jen has known what I am almost from the first time you brought her around.”

My eyes closed at the warm strength of his grip and I loved the feel of his strokes. I don’t know how long it lasted but I was brought out of this dream by Jen’s voice saying as she slithered back into the booth.
