 This store is based on a real situation, with an ending I wish happened. Enjoy. (And of course the names have been changed)

***

It was a chilly 60 degree night in October. Our best friend couple brought some chili to our house for dinner. We had planned to eat, drink, and have fun. How much fun, I would later find out. While we were eating, my wife brought up the idea of getting wild, though none of us really knew what she meant. She suggested that we all jump into the hot tub after dinner, but the other couple didn't bring any swim suits. I, of course, suggested we just go naked. To my surprise, my wife was onboard and was encouraging the other couple to do the same.

After dinner, and some drinks, it was finally late enough to get into the hot tub. I brought out a bottle of wine and a bottle of whisky. My buddy, James, and I got naked next to the tub and jumped in. Now I knew he had a bigger dick than mine, but I was pleasantly surprised that it wasn't that much bigger. A few minutes later, the women came outside though I'm not sure what took them so long. They were wrapped in robes, but soon dropped them to get into the hot tub. Now my buddy's wife is pretty sexy and has some amazing breasts, but when my wife dropped her towel, my dick was instantly hard. Her body is so tight, and she has an amazing ass. After I was done ogling my wife, I noticed my buddy was doing the same, and I chuckled a little bit aloud, which caught his attention. Then we both turned to his wife, Cara, and surveyed every inch of her body. Cara had been losing some weight, and it was definitely paying off. I had never noticed how firm her ass was until that night. Not to mention, her breasts were larger than my wife's. 

We all chilled in the hot tub and talked, getting drunk as the night went all. To make sure my neighbors couldn't see anything, I made sure the underwater light was turned off. That also meant, nothing under the water could be seen. That being said, I thought I saw James' hand moving a little bit under the water towards my wife, Dana. When I caught her eye, she had a mischievous grin on her face too. Now we don't have a big hot tub, so everyone was basically touching shoulders with each other. I thought I would take a chance, and placed my hand on Cara's inner thigh. And after a few minutes, I had progressed to rubbing her clit. Cara's face told me she was enjoying it (that and her hand on my cock, gently stroking it). We both made sure not to disturb the water. 

Looking over at my wife, she too had a pleased look on her face, so I assumed she was doing that same. That made my cock even harder. Soon the truth or dares started, after both bottles were basically empty. Everyone was choosing dares, which mostly consisted of making the women play with each other. Watching my wife kiss another women and lick her nipples was getting me extremely turned on. The women also had their hands under the water while they were kissing, so I can only assume they were playing with each other's clits as well. 

After they were done, my cock was rock hard. I dove my fingers into Cara's warm pussy and heard her moan a little when I did. I continued to finger fuck her for a couple minutes, as she was clearly enjoying it, and I thought I saw my wife's arm moving up and down. I only stopped when I was dared to run around the yard naked and do a couple cock helicopter moves. 

When I got back into the hot tub, I decided to heat things up a bit, to see how far Dana would let things go. She knows I've always wanted to swing, and I'm always trying to push her limits, always edging her closer to group fun. 

I dared my wife to see if she could tell who was playing with her breasts. And to make sure see didn't cheat, we would play with them from behind. While I was explaining what I wanted, I could see the grin growing on her face, as well as James and Cara's. She turned around, and the three of us came up with the order. Cara would go first, then me, and then James.

Cara got behind her first, wrapped her arms around her, and cupped Dana's breasts. I was sitting right next to Dana, so I had the perfect view of it all. Cara was rubbing Dana's breasts, and then rolling Dana's nipples between her fingers. Then she teased them with soft and gentle touches. I could see Dana's chest taking deep breaths, as she enjoyed the attention. A couple minutes went by, and then it was my turn. I got right behind her, pressing my hard into her ass crack. Her hips wiggled when my pelvis pressed into her ass. She was trying to tease me back. I started off with soft touches, not only on her breasts, but also on her neck and stomach. Wrapping her up with my arms, I enjoyed her body. As I continued, she was slowly rocking her hips on my cock, which drove me wild. 

I finished my time, and it was James' turn. I thought he moved pretty quickly into position to have his turn. I think Cara was teasing him while it was my turn. He didn't waste any time, rubbing every inch on Dana's body. His focus on Dana worked out for me, since Cara had mounted me and was slowly rocking back and forth on my cock. I was in heaven. And the excitement of doing it behind their back was only adding to the excitement. I had been wanting to fuck Cara for years - her sultry attitude always caught my attention. 

I noticed Dana's hips rocking, as she was getting worked up. She said James' time was almost up, and an idea popped into my head. I reluctantly moved Cara off of my cock, which I have to admit, felt significantly better than my wife. I wasn't wearing a condom, and since I already have a breeding fetish, I knew I shouldn't be fucking her bare to begin with. 

I told Cara to get in front of Dana and make out with her. And to make sure James kept going with what he was doing. She grinned and got into position in front of my wife. Dana's eyes popped open when she felt another pair of hands rubbing up her sides. Their lips immediately locked into a passionately, sloppy, wet kiss. I didn't want to rush things, so I let this continue for a minute, before I moved to the side of my wife. I grabbed her hand, and whispered into her ear, "Rub James' cock against your pussy." She moaned as I guided her hand towards his cock. She spread her legs and popped her butt up against James' pelvis. 

I wanted to work James and Dana, who were the most conservative people in the group, into a frenzy. I also wanted to mentally fuck Cara, who was very possessive and jealous of other women. So I took Cara's left hand, and whispered into her ear instructions to feel James' cock sliding against Dana's pussy. Sure enough, James' cock was knocking at Dana's opening. Given the position they were in, James' wasn't going to be able to really penetrate Dana, but I'm not sure anyone knew that yet. 

Cara stopped kissing Dana, and locked eyes with me. It was driving me wild as she worked through the internal conflict. She wanted me to fuck her, because she said so while she was riding me. But she didn't really want James to fuck Dana. The jealously was fighting her lust for me. She was rubbing James' cock against Dana's pussy, while she was stroking my cock. At this point, no one was trying to hide anything from the other. James had also started to play with Dana's clit, as well as her breasts. 

I whispered into Dana's ear that I loved her, and she was making me hot as hell. She looked up into my eyes, and I saw a completely lust-filled, sexy woman, just waiting for permission to break. I told her she would look hot as hell with James' cock stuffed inside of her. After hearing me, Cara didn't miss a beat and pressed James' cock even harder into Dana's pussy, and the tip slipped inside Dana's warm, tight pussy. I knew from the moan Dana released that she had a cock inside of her. 

My plan to corrupt all of their morals and give into the lust was complete. James grabbed Dana's shoulder and tried to push in deeper. But again, given the position of everyone, that wasn't going to happen. This only added to James and Dana's lust. I lifted Cara onto the edge of the hot tub and finger fucked her for a few minutes. Out of the tub, her pussy felt every better. It's difficult to describe, but wet silk is the closest I've come to the texture. I felt her pussy clamp down on my fingers, her arms wrapped around me, and she came. Dana and James stopped for a minute and watched every second of her orgasm. 

Afterwards, I suggested we move into the house, both for privacy and protection. Everyone moved quickly, and soon we were in the downstairs living room. It was awkward for a minute, everyone was wrapped up in a towel, each marital couple on a couch. I turned most of the lights off and turned on some music. James got up and made everyone a drink.

I sat down next to my wife, and told her how much I loved her and how hot it was to see her with James. She told me that she wanted to fuck him, and I told her she shouldn't wait around then. I told her to get up, walk over to him, and start stroking his cock again from behind. She grinned and bounced off of the couch. Soon enough she was doing just that. 

I went over to Cara and asked her if she was ready to be fucked. Really fucked, all night long. When she asked what I meant, I told her I planned on fucking her until the sun came up, literally. I know that James could go multiple times from past conversations, and Dana was a one-and-done kind of girl. 

First though, I told her I wanted her to teach Dana how to properly suck cock. Now even mediocre head is better than no head, but I wanted to fuck Dana and Cara's emotions as much as their pussies. I told James to come and sit on the couch, which he was happy to do, since I'm sure he was tired of being teased. James and I sat next to each other, while the women serviced us. Cara was using my cock to teach Dana how to suck James'. I was commenting to Dana how good Cara's mouth and hands felt on my cock. How Cara sucked my dick so much better. Dana's competitive nature took over, which is what I was counting on. She grabbed a condom off of the table, rolled it onto James' cock and quickly mounted him. This only made my cock throb in Cara's mouth. Dana was going back and forth between kissing James and I. After about five minutes of this, I shot my first load of the night into Cara's mouth. It had been decades since I had come down a woman's throat, and it was better than I remembered. I could see the jealousy in Dana's eyes while I was coming, because she had never made me come from oral before. Even after 30 minutes of it.

I could tell Cara was ready to be fucked, but I needed a minute before I could go again. So I left and went to Dana and I's bedroom and grabbed a couple toys. When I came back, Dana was in reverse cowgirl on the floor with James, with Cara making out with her and rubbing her clit. I took a mental picture and moved behind Cara. She pressed her ass against my cock, which quickly responded to her. I laid her down next to James and Dana and started rubbing a wand over all her sensitive spots. One of my biggest turn-ons is controlling a woman's orgasm. I edged Cara for several minutes. In the meantime, James and Dana had moved on to doggy style. I couldn't wait any longer. Watching Dana get pounded was driving me crazy. I needed Cara's pussy. I put the tip at her entrance and made her beg. Beg to be fucked. Specifically, I wanted her to say, "Fuck me Jason! Fuck me until you can't fuck me anymore!"

She basically screamed it as I entered her, which caught the attention of James and Dana. The first thought I had after fully entering her was that her pussy was amazing. It was so much better than my wife's. It was warmer, just tight enough, but the texture drove me wild. I knew I would have to have this pussy again. James and Dana stopped for several minutes and watched as I edged Cara several times, before she started to beg again. I asked her how bad she wanted it, if she wanted to be my slut for the night, if she wanted to be used, and if she wanted my cock after tonight. I gave her permission after she screamed, "You can fuck me whenever you want! Use me as your personal cock slut!!" I kicked the wand on high, pulsing right on her clit, as she rolled from one orgasm to the next. I didn't let up for at least five minutes, pounding her as she screamed. James and Dana just watched, dumfounded as to the sexual appetites of the people they were married to. Cara's pussy was pulsing so fucking good, and I knew I was going to come soon. I asked Cara where she wanted it, and she told me to come deep inside of her pussy, that she wanted to feel my cock pulsing as I shot my cum into the condom I was wearing. 

At this point, James and Dana started fucking again. I could tell they were so turned on by what they saw. Dana started to cum, and after the second orgasm, James lost it and came as well. Which I don't blame him - Dana's pussy clamps down extremely tight onto a cock when she comes. After they were done, Cara was just starting her last round of orgasms, as I felt my cum starting to build up. I held it back as long as I could, and then shot it as hard as I could, while pounding her sweet, married pussy. Her hands were holding my arms, as I was on top of her, and I lost it when she dug her fingernails into my triceps. This only made her dig her nails in even deeper. 

After a few minutes, we both caught our breath and looked over to see what our spouses were doing. They were both sitting on the couch, wrapped up in a blanket. I went to get up, my cock sliding out of Cara with a "pop" sound. I locked eyes with Dana as I took a drink, keeping my eyes on her until she looked down. James got up to use the restroom, and I took a moment to talk to Dana.

"Dana, are you okay?"

"Yes, just didn't know it was going to be like this."

"Did you enjoy yourself?"

"Yes I enjoyed James, and watching you. But I can tell you want more,"

"Yes, I am going to continue to fuck Cara for a bit. It would be hot to watch you and James again too."

"I think I'm just going to watch for a bit. James said he takes a while to get hard again."

"Okay, that works for me. Are you okay with me fucking Cara?"

She finally looked up at me. I could tell she was struggling with some mixed emotions. I asked her:

"What are you struggling with, Dana?"

"I'm jealous of the sex you had with Dana. I wish I could turn you on like that."

"I'm just excited to be with someone new. You are my wife, today, tomorrow, always. She will never compare."

"Then why don't we have sex like that?"

"We can work on that. Right now, I just want to fuck Cara until my dick can't get hard. It was really exciting watching you and James. In the hot tub, as well as inside. I need this right now."

"Yes, I understand. You need to fuck Cara. I will watch and hopefully learn something from her."

"You are amazing Dana!"

I suggested that Cara and I move to the spare bedroom, which has a couch in it that James and Dana could sit on. Cara noticed something in my hand when we walked into the room.

"What's the rope for?"

I grinned and laid it down on the bed, and I slid on top of her and started to kiss her. "To control you better," I whispered. 

Cara and I fucked for four more hours. At one point, I had her tied to the bed, begging to come, and admitting that she was my cum slut. That I could use her however I liked. I came seven more times that night. 

James eventually went back to the couch in the living room to sleep. Dana went upstairs to our bedroom to sleep. I got joy out of knowing that she could hear everything we were doing, since the master is right above the spare bedroom. 

Eventually my cock couldn't get hard, and Cara's pussy was getting sore from the pounding and orgasms she had. I don't think she had much feeling in her limbs anymore. She passed out, and I went upstairs and snuggled up to my wife.

When we both woke up in the morning, James and Cara were gone. Dana and I talk about the night every now and again, when we are in the throes of passion. Mainly about me fucking Cara. Dana mentioned once that she and Cara talked about it a few times, so we'll see if something ever comes of that. James and I are cool now, though it took a minute for me to convince him that I wasn't mad at him for fucking my wife in the hot tub before we got inside. I didn't mention to him that Cara had mounted me in the hot tub, but I did tell Dana. I try to tell her everything. 

***

I hope you enjoyed the story!

Thank you to a dear friend for editing this story.