 I've thought about this down to the letter. I've waited for a while, but the day had finally come. My nerves are shot, I'm tense and still unsure about what was coming. I'm the good girl, the innocent one that every man wishes he could have. The one that is shy about their body, not wanting to disappoint the expectations of anyone. 

My husband and I have been together for nearly 3 years. He knows me inside and out. That is why it surprised him so much that I went along with the seeming joke that he and a co worker had made months before. Anthony was a tall, medium toned, handsome, well dressed, and very convincing salesman. Eyes of light brown, and a head of hair to match it. My husband, anything and everything that I ever wanted in a man. Tall, dark, handsome, not too skinny. I like some meat on the bones. 

However, my interests were sparked by a conversation between he and Anthony. Not unlike men to talk about their sexual relations and brag to other men, these two were discussing the hummer that I had given Seth the night before. 

"Anthony's wife ain't into that sort of thing anymore" Seth told me. He also mentions that Anthony asked to borrow me to try it out. Hes seen pictures of me and met me on numerous occasions. I think it is all a joke so I brush the thought to the side. But this idea, is now in my head, brewing, pondering. It sounds exciting. But that just is not me, I could never do that. I married to Seth, and want no other....right? Needless to say, the idea turned to more. And now here we are faced with the task at hand. 

Dinner was excellent. Table has been cleared, wine bottle stands empty in the center. The leftovers have been put away, the dishes are done. And the kids are sleeping soundly. We are all sitting on the couch in the living room. I am seated next to Seth on one end. Leaning next to him, his hand in mine. He loves to be loved on. Why am I so nervous? Nothing much on TV tonight. Nothing unusual for a Saturday night. 

My attention is snapped back to the guys when Anthony speaks to me. So, ummm, Kelsey, Seth tells me you are pretty gracious with the blow jobs... I look at Seth nervously, no surprise he has a grin on his face. My reply...I give the way I receive. My heart starts to pound as I know the ball is rolling. 

Without saying another word, Anthony rises to his feet and steps over to me. He takes my face in his hands and bends down and kisses my forehead. He runs his fingers through my hair, pushing it out of my face to reveal my big brown innocent eyes. I'm trembling like a leaf. He kisses my cheek grabbing my neck with his huge hand and then moves to my lips. I am hesitant to return the kiss, not sure of what I am supposed to do next. I feel the reassuring touch of Seth's hand move across my back. The tension in my body lets go a level. I return the kiss long, deep, and slow. 

Anthony pulls me to my feet standing with him now. I'm confused when he stands me in the middle of the room and returns to sit on the couch. He sees the confusion on my face. he tells me "You are not allowed to speak." "Seth and I will tell you what to do." As I open my mouth to protest, Anthony shushes me. "OK, now, I want you to start by taking that belt off." I do as I am told. "Now the jeans..." I look for some reassurance from Seth. Hes got a huge smile on his face, and a bulge in his pants. So does Anthony. 

I slowly unbutton and unzip my jeans and slide them down my hips to reveal my red lace boyshort panties. I step out of the jeans and kick them to the side. Oh yeah, I love those panties Seth says. Anthony agrees. "next, off comes the shirt." As I pull the shirt off over my head, I feel my nipples harden. "Now, Dance for me baby." Seth, I don't know if I.... "Do it, please, You know how it turns me on" They both have their pants open and stroking their swelling cocks. The sensation of arousal stirs in my pretty lace panties. 

As I slide my hands, palms against my sides, down the length of my torso, to the inside of my thighs and back up, my fingers tease my pussy. Hips teasingly swaying I turn around to give the guys a glimpse of my barely covered ass. "That Tattoo is so sexy" says Anthony. I turn back around still dancing for your pleasure. Rubbing my breasts, squeezing them, teasing them. 

Seth has his pants off. Oh God, His dick is so hard....I want it. I walk over to him, straddle his waist and kiss his wanting lips. Anthony unclasps my bra without hesitation. I pull his head towards my breasts for him to have a taste. And he does oh so well... I begin to kiss Seth's neck, feeling his breathing become heavy, I nibble my way down his side to his huge throbbing, juicing dick. Starting at the base of his cock, I lick my way up to the top swirling my tongue on the tip and back down. Moans escape his throat as I take it all in, feeling the pressure building as I slide his dick in and out of my warm wet mouth. His hand is on the back of my head, pushing deeper and deeper. 

Anthony has moved behind me now. And his pants too are off. He begins to rub my back grasping my shoulders on the way up, and gripping my hips on the way down. He reaches around and slips his fingers in the front of my panties, down, down, until he reaches my clit. Using two fingers he rubs back and forth, back and forth while I am still sucking my husbands cock. Anthony comments on my smooth shaved pussy..."no landing strip?" umm mmmm I moan, causing Seth to tingle in pleasure. Anthony says, "I'd love to have a taste of these sweet lips." as he pulls my panties down exposing my wet pussy. Again I look to Seth for assurance, and he does not let me down. 

He pulls me up and turns me around to face Anthony, who is still oh his knees. I sit on the edge of the couch in between Seth's legs. Anthony begins to run his hands down the length of my long legs and up again, stopping at the knees to pull them apart. I think he is going to nut on himself before he even touches me. "Oh those sweet lips". He kisses the inside of my thighs, it makes me flush, it's getting hot in here. He gently slides his tongue up and down my slit, no pressure just sensation of touch. Seth is teasing my nipples. breathing on the back of my neck, tasting my ear... Im so fucking horny. 

Anthony is doing a nice job, he is slowly making figure eights around my wet pussy. Sucking my clit into his mouth and flicking it with his tongue. Seth must have told him how I like it. I reach down to open the lips so he can get deeper inside. He does so graciously thrusting his long tounge in and out. Ohhh, yeah, it feels soooo good. He takes long wide tastes of my flower, hehe, its a honey suckle. I grind my hips and push my pussy in his face. I feel the tingle and pressure building preparing for orgasm. In that moment he stops. "I want you to fuck Seth." 

I turn to face my wonderful husband that has allowed me to take the experience to this level. He's so ready for me. I don't think the smile has left his face. I climb up on him, on my knees. I take his hard, ready to explode dick in my hand and rub the outside of my pussy with the head, teasing. Seth grips my hips and pushes me down on his dick hard, and fast. Oh yeah, fuck me. He takes one of my nipples in his mouth as I grind on his dick. Plunging in and out, in a steady motion. Im so close I start to moan, Ohh Ohhh, yeeaaaah...uuuuh uuhhh Here I come...My pussy pulsates in orgasmic spasm. It is a strong one that leaves me shaky. 

I turn to see Anthony with his cock in his hand. Oh you want some love too huh? He roughly snatches me around so that I am now on the floor between Seth's legs. Without warning he slams his dick deep into my tight wet pussy. Hes hurting me and he knows it. Fuck me, make me scream. Oh it hurts so good....yeah Fuck me, ohh, yeah. I look up to see Seth's cock in my face. You know I gotta have it. I take his dick into my mouth and taste the juice from my pussy...honeysuckle nectar. The deeper Anthony's dick slams into me the deeper Seth plunges into my mouth. Harder, faster, deeper, oh yeah fuck me. Anthony is close, hes gonna cum....deep deep deep within my gripping, tight pussy. Just the right timing, Seth is coming too...It makes me come....Do it baby, fucking cum in my mouth. Give it to me. I cum again with Anthony pounding hard into me, gripping my hips. He pulls out and blows his load all over my back. And Seth, well, he gives me what I want, A mouthful. And I swallow it eagerly, the salty love concoction I adore so much.