 They ate their dinner in silence, each with thoughts of their own swimming around in their heads. They had just finished eating and were sitting there smiling at each other when Maria returned to pick up the plates. Maria walked to over and picked up Kaitlyns' plate first and walked around towards Avery. 

Maria was obviously of Spanish decent. Her long black hair hung to the middle of her back. She was just over 5 feet tall with medium brown skin. Her breasts were average in size.

As she reached down to get Averys' plate Kaitlyn raised her hand, "Maria, do you have a few minutes?"

"Yes ma'am," she replied, "Saffron and I are assigned to you for the remainder of your stay." She put the plate she had in her hand down on the table and stood up smiling at Kaitlyn. 

Saffron must have told her what happened, Kaitlyn thought to herself.

Maria turned slightly towards Avery as she continued to smile at Kaitlyn. Avery reached out and touched her leg just beneath the hem of her black skirt. He gently caressed her leg moving his hand up towards to her inner thigh. He looked up towards her breasts just as she looked down at him. She smiled at him as she moved her feet farther apart. This left just enough room for Avery to move his hand up farther between her legs. He moved his hand around the back of her thigh and up until he held her ass cheek is his hand. 

"You have a firm ass," he said to her.

"Thank you," she replied as she closed her eyes and tilted her head back. 

Avery suddenly noticed that her ass was bare. She wasn't wearing any panties. He slid his hand down then back up onto her ass again. This time he opened his hand and his thumb pressed against the warm moist mound. She moaned at the pressure. Avery moved his thumb up and down the moist lips. 

He gently began to press his thumb inside her. She moaned again. He slid his thumb in and out a few times. Then with his free hand he moved the plates and cleared a spot for her. He removed his hand from her and placed his hands on her hips and guided her towards the table.

With her ass up against the table, Avery slid her skirt down her waist and onto the floor. Maria kicked the skirt free with her foot. Kaitlyn stood and moved the floral centerpiece and widened the two candles. 

Avery helped Maria up and onto the table. He gently laid her back onto the table between the candles and returned to his seat. He slid forward and helped Maria rest her feet on the arms of the chair. As he leaned forward toward her he could smell the sweet flowery smell of her perfume. It was arousing him even more. He placed a kiss just above her bald pussy that made her shiver. 

He placed several more kisses on her clit before he sucked it into his mouth. His tongue began to flick at her clit slowly. She arched her back up off the table and moaned. He released her clit from his mouth and ran his tongue down along her pussy. She lowered her back and lifted her hips driving his tongue inside her. She let out a soft cry as he plunged his tongue inside of her again and again. She matched his rhythm with her hips as long as she could. 

As her orgasm neared she began to move quicker. Avery pressed his upper lip against her clit and turned his head from side to side as he continued to drive his tongue inside of her. Maria threw her hips up one last time as her juices began to flow. Avery kept his tongue moving, lapping up her juices. He continued to lick her clean, then placed soft kisses all around.

Avery stood and helped her up. Maria grabbed the napkin from the table and wiped the juices from his face. When she was done Avery stepped back as Maria redressed herself. 

After Maria left the room Avery sat back down in his chair.

"Wow, now I know how you feel," Kaitlyn remarked. 

"What do you mean?" Avery asked.

" I was kind of anxious at first to see you do it, then I was jealous and upset. Now I realize that it was kind of stimulating. I am definitely excited now."

Kaitlyn stood and walked around to Avery. Avery pulled her into his arms and kissed her hard. He lowered his hands and lifted her dress. He slid his right hand inside her panties and cupped her. He moved his hand up and down as they continued to kiss. Kaitlyn began to breathe harder as he pressed his fingers into the warm moist opening. 

Avery stopped for a moment to remove her panties and lift her up onto the table as he had to Maria. Kaitlyn slowly lowered herself on the table. As she looked up she could see the candles flicker on either side of her and the bright colors of the floral arrangement to her left. She cried out as she felt Averys' lips against her inner thighs.

Avery continued the soft kisses a few more times then focused on the moist lips before him. He moved his tongue up and down between the lips occasionally flicking up at the clit. This always drove Kaitlyn crazy. She had cried out a few more times as Avery pleased her.

Avery stood and helped Kaitlyn to her feet and led her over to the couch. He lowered his pants and under shorts and sat down on the couch. Kaitlyn lifted her dress and straddled Avery. 

Avery guided himself inside her as she lowered. Kaitlyns' pussy was so wet he slid right inside of her. She rocked her hips forward and back slowly, feeling his dick press against the inner walls with each movement. 

She continued this gentle rocking motion as long as she could. But now she wanted more. She leaned forward and held on to the back of the couch. She began to lift herself up and lower herself back down onto his cock. She increased the speed slowly. 

At this point Kaitlyn was lifting herself up and dropping down fast, feeling Averys' cock plow deep inside of her. A few more minutes and her legs began to tire. 

She stood followed by Avery. Kaitlyn stood in front of the couch, leaned over and held onto the back of the couch to brace herself. Avery moved in behind her and entered her once again. 

The movements were fast from the start. He just plowed right into her, his balls swinging out and up, slapping up against her. She cried out as her pussy began to shudder from the coming orgasm. Avery moved faster and harder. She screamed again as she began cover his cock with her sweet creamy cum. Avery came shortly after, shooting his warm spunk as far into her as he could. He slowed his movements until he had finished.

Avery and Kaitlyn dressed themselves and returned to the table shortly before Saffron and Maria returned with desert.