 Dear Reader, this story is inspired by true events in the life of the author, and the way it SHOULD have happened. If you like it, please vote for it.

***

"So Carl won't be home?," I asked Theresa.

"No, he got called in to work."

"Oh, ok."

It was all a little odd for me. I was a little uncomfortable going to dinner at a friend's house when only his wife was going to be there. I knew his wife pretty well, but, I suppose my inner puritan was doing back flips. It did not help that Tawny was a knockout.

I have always liked all different types of women, short, tall, thin, healthy, whatever. A woman's looks really does not have anything to do with how good it feels to sleep with her. Theresa herself was a short cuddly little ball of loving that knew how to keep my balls empty, but she would never be on the cover of a fashion mag.

Tawny, on the other hand, would have easily been on the cover of anything she wanted, had she wanted. Tall, leggy and hard bodied, he blond hair ran straight down to her shoulders-blades. She had a high, firm ass and solid perky tits, and frankly, I had wanted to fuck her for years.

I have never considered myself a sexually attractive guy. I have been told that I am handsome, but I have always been heavy and not very confident with women.

Tawny opened the door and I almost choked. She had on one of her characteristic tight short skirts and no hose, but her tan muscular legs looked good without them. Her blouse was a breezy see-through peasant thing, that allowed me to see her lace bra underneath. I hugged Theresa to keep my hard on from showing.

Tawny let us inside and we had wine coolers while we ate, after the meal, Tawny revealed some movies that she and Carl had rented, some romantic comedy, and adventure flick and "Woo Hoo," Tawny shouted, "Forgot to put the porn in the bedroom." We had a good chuckle and Tawny tossed the tapes, along with the porn, on top of the TV.

Theresa and I curled up on one couch under a blanket and Tawny took the other couch. The wine coolers flowed freely, and we were all pretty tipped pretty soon. 

"So how are you and Carl doing?" I asked.

"It's all so boring, you know?"

"What do you mean." "Carl's just so square, it's ridiculous."

I asked her to clarify but she changed the subject.

The lights were off, and Theresa kept grabbing at my dick under the blanket. She gets pretty horny when she's drunk. I looked at her wide-eyed when she unzipped my pants, but she just smiled and giggled and whispered, "Shhh".

While Theresa teased my pecker, I could not keep from admiring Tawny. She skirt had ridden up and I could see enough of her tight butt to know that she was either wearing a thong or, and my pecker jumped at the though, no panties at all. Theresa's hand were really starting to cause me a problem and I was having trouble being casual when Tawny excused herself to the restroom for a while.

"You're driving me crazy." I hissed at Theresa as soon as Tawny left the room. 

She just gave me a big smile and pulled back the blanket and stuffed my cock in her mouth. She hummed happily while she slid her slobbery lips up and down on my dick. It felt great, but Tawny would be back any minute. Her mouth was so warm and my head fell back and I closed my eyes.

"Theresa, you got to stop. Tawny will come back."

She pulled my cock out with a slurp and said, "You want me to stop?" She looked me in the eyes and licked the underside of my shaft while she waited for an answer.

"Oohh, no, yeah, no, in a minute." Fuck, she was screwing me up, and I couldn't think straight. She went back to sucking me off, and I leaned my head back when…

"Well, what is going on here?" Tawny asked.

I practically shit myself, and was falling all over my self trying to get my clothes zipped back up, but Theresa wouldn't let go, and both women were giggling hysterically.

Tawny leaned over from the back of the couch and rested her tits on my shoulder. "Theresa, were you sucking his dick?"

I stammered uncontrollably, but Theresa just nodded.

"Ooh," Tawny breathed in my ear, "Show me."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, but I looked at Theresa with a question in my eyes, and she answered by continuing her blowjob. My cock was unbelievably hard and she was slipping her lips up and down while sucking harder and harder all the time.

"Ooh, is she sucking it good?" Tawny whispered roughly in my ear, her breath was hot and moist. "I bet she loves how it tastes." I could feel her moving around behind me and then her panties, a white thong, landed on the ground in front of us.

"Uuh, yeah," she moaned, "Do you like it? Are you going to come? What does it feel like? Is her mouth wet? Nnng, yeah." She was resting her head on my shoulder now and I could feel her body moving as she fingered herself. "Carl wont let me suck his cock. He says that if he kisses me after I suck his cock, it would be like HE was sucking cock. I swear. Ahh, but I LOVE to suck cock."

What kind of idiot is he? I thought.

"Aaron, do you think Theresa will let me suck your cock?"

That was all it took. "Oh shit," I gasped as I shot my load. Theresa pulled my cock out just in time that we could all see the sperm squirt all over.

"Ooh, that looks tasty. Aaron, can I suck you cock?"

"Theresa, uh, can, uh,….uhh."

"Get over here girl!" Theresa smiled.

Tawny came over and grabbed my dick and licked the come off of it. She stuffed it in her mouth and I was getting hard almost immediately. Theresa pulled her jeans off and knelt on the couch next to me. I stuck two fingers up her pussy and started rubbing that one spot that always drove her crazy while I licked her sensitive nipples. Her pussy was hot and wet, and Tawny was going to town on my cock. She sucked so hard, and would run her tongue around my balls and she was tickling my asshole with her finger. Theresa started that little whimper that signaled her orgasm, and Tawny started sucking ever harder, and I could see that she was fingering her pussy with her free hand and I shouted, "I'm cumming again." 

"Come for me, baby. " Theresa whispered in my ear.

"I'm cumming" I said again, but Tawny wasn't stopping, she only sucked harder.

"Oooooooooooooooh, Gaaaaaaaaaaaaaaawd." I shot and Tawny swallowed it all and kept sucking. I was clutching the couch, "Ah, shit shit" I cried, but she sucked more and more till I wanted to pass out. I thought I was going to break something, I was kicking and thrashing and stping on the floor.

I collapsed and so did Theresa and I kissed her. Tawny hopped up on the couch with us with a big grin, "So, what's for round two?"

*** 

Perhaps we will see next episode, Dear Reader. 