 In Chapter 1:  Rob and Ann have invited three couples to their home for A Scripted Dinner. After the first course, a delicious assortment of appetizers, Rob made his first script announcement. 

“Ladies, please remove your blouses.”

******************

Stifled twitters bubbled through the dining room. Traci peeked through her strawberry blond bangs at the other guests. Ann, at the head of the table, looked down at her lap. Traci saw her smile, however. Ruth, at the foot of the table, glanced sideways at her husband, Jim. Beth, the trim senior of the group, grinned at her plate. A similar survey of the men revealed approving nods directed at Rob’s idea. 

Ann, her dark hair swinging away from her face, looked up first. Locking gazes with the golden haired Ruth opposite her, the hostess reached for the buttons on her blouse. Ruth followed her lead. In tandem, the two women undressed - Ann unbuttoning the smooth satin of her blouse, while Ruth pulled the sparkly stretch knit over her head.  Looking across the table at Beth, Traci met the older woman’s gaze. Traci giggled at the conspiratorial grin that spread across Beth’s face. Together, the women followed their instructions. Traci lifted the lace of her blouse. Beth slid silk down her shoulders. 

Chilly air touched the women’s newly exposed skin, and Traci felt her nipples stiffen. She saw Rob’s appreciative smile at the sight of Ann’s half-dollar-size nipples pushing against her bra. Frank was taking inventory around the table, while Jim glanced between each woman and back to Ruth. Finally, Traci turned her face towards Mark. The way his gaze caressed her breasts, they might not have had any lace covering them at all. 

Ann leaned over to whisper something in Rob’s ear, and he took the opportunity to run his hand over her breast. Immediately following their hosts’ lead, the other men’s hands reached for their partners. Sliding across bare shoulders or down to lace restrained swells, each man’s fingers savored pliable flesh. 

His hand never leaving its soft handful, Rob beckoned the server over. Juan listened to the brief directions, then walked to the thermostat on the side wall. When Rob noticed his guests following these actions, he said, “Much as I may appreciate the effects of cooler air,” and here he squeezed the tip of Ann’s nipple so that she started and gasped, “I do intend to have these visions of loveliness entirely comfortable.”

His guests chuckled, but Traci was distracted by Mark leaning over to kiss where her neck met her shoulder. A flow of warmth spread inside her.

Ann’s creamy breasts were enclosed in a black bra. The lace plunged between her breasts, almost revealing nipples. 

A black bra also enveloped Beth’s tanned breasts, golden mounds outlined in dark frills.

Ruth’s ample globes were held in red translucent cups. Darker red lines swirled through the fabric, but they couldn’t hide the tantalizing shadow of her nipples. 

Traci’s youthful breasts rose from white lace. Looking almost chaste in its purity, the white only exposed the dark nipples underneath. The lace scooped low over her cleavage. 

With circumspect glances, Traci watched the men’s eyes linger over each pair of breasts at the table. She smiled as she realized that each man there tended to look towards his partner more than at the other women. Ann and Rob knew quality people. 

The ensuing caresses on all sides were interrupted by the arrival of the next course of the dinner. Juan deftly placed soup before each diner. Ruth looked at the bowl in front of her, cocked her head to one side, and smirked. “Cream soup, eh, Ann?” 

With that wide smile of hers, Ann answered, “But, of course!” Whereupon, she drew a suggestive finger in the air across Ron’s lap, then across her teasing tongue. All the while, she kept her gaze steady on Rob’s eyes. Her guests laughed

Jim and Frank both arrived at the same idea at the same time. Frank’s crinkly smile leaned toward his date at the same time that the dark eyed Jim leaned toward Ruth. Deep kisses followed. Neither Beth nor Ruth protested.

Despite their hands often being otherwise occupied, everyone finished their soup. Juan cleared the soup bowls, and the men turned eager eyes towards Rob. Traci licked her lips in anticipation, while Beth ran nervous fingers through her silver blond hair. Ruth leaned her head on Jim’s shoulder, and Ann sat once again clasping her hands together.

Grinning at all the attention on him when he hadn’t said a thing yet, Rob relented and began speaking. “Obviously, you’ve each noticed that our second course of food has been consumed.”

No one else said a word.

“It’s now time for the second course to be provided by the lovely female guests of the evening.”

No one moved. “Ladies,” Rob said to his rapt audience, “please remove your skirts.”