 (Previously - 

Rob and Ann have invited three couples to their home for A Scripted Dinner. After the first course, a delicious assortment of appetizers, Rob gave his first script direction. 

"Ladies, please remove your blouses."

A cream soup was served, and even eaten, amidst other activities.  Then Rob gave his second direction.

"Ladies, please remove your skirts."

The wide array of lettuces in the salad drew only moderate consideration from the assembled couples, as temptations to use hands elsewhere overcame etiquette boundaries.

When the salads were cleared away, Rob delivered his third directive.  

"Gentlemen, unhook their bras."

Amidst the appreciation of fine flesh now exposed, chilled bowls of sherbet were served.  These inspired a flurry of creative exercises.  Finally, when the sherbet was either consumed or reposing on the floor, Rob managed to order, "Get those panties off!"

Barely a taste of the beef Wellington passed the guests' lips as the men all favored the recently exposed treats.  But the women then took matters into their own hands, or mouths.  When Rob was no longer inclined to speak, Ann made the next request, "Juan, please bring the dessert now.")

Each of the four woman knelt before her husband's chair.  Each of the four men sighed at the pleasures enveloping him.  Silently, moving with the poise of experience, Juan delivered a dessert tray to each place setting.

Her strawberry blond hair swung at shoulder length as Traci's head moved up and down. She kept a slow, long rhythm, matching the mellow strains of the jazz ballad from the sound system.  Her nails kept a light counterpoint on the looser skin just beneath. 

Despite her concentration between her husband's legs, Traci noticed the slight difference in sounds a few minutes later.  Curious, this youngest woman at the gathering slid her hands where her mouth had just been and looked up at the head of the table. 

There, the hostess for the evening, Ann, stood.  Gleams of candlelight reflected from her dark hair.  Traci could see her carefully assessing the array of foods on her tray.  With her right hand, Ann kept intimate contact with Rob.  Traci watched as Ann leaned close to her husband and said, "Rob, dear, move that cute little ass of yours up here on the table."

"Mmphfmfff?" replied Rob, his head tipped back and his eyes closed.

"Now, now," the dark-haired woman reiterated, "you heard me.  Get yourself up on this table."

"What!" 

Traci chuckled.  Obviously Rob had understood his wife that time.

 "Do you like this, my dear?" Ann asked solicitously.

"MmmmmmmMMMMMM," Rob groaned.

"Then you'll stand up here," Ann continued, "and lay back here."

Traci watched in fascination as the hostess laid her husband on the table between their trays of desserts.

"See?  That wasn't so difficult, was it?" Ann reassured her partner.  

"Ohhhhhh, yessssssssssss," replied Rob.  

Traci chuckled again.  Rob's reply might not mean what he said, but there was no doubt about the level of enjoyment he had expressed. 

Ann bent to the edge of the table, taking her husband's stiffness into her mouth.  Surrounding just the head, the hostess touched her lips to it ever so gently.  Traci was sure Rob no longer noticed he was lying on a table.

Following a look Ann sent to the opposite end of the table, Traci turned her head.  There, Ruth's heavy breasts bobbed as she cajoled Jim onto the table.  Just as Ruth had, Traci and Barb caught Ann's unspoken agenda.  The two women began whispering enticements to their spouses as well.  Soon, four male torsos sprawled across the white expanse of the tablecloth.

And there could be no doubt about them being male.  Four erect poles of desire announced both their gender and their interest.  Not that any announcement was needed to attract the women's attention.  Tongues and lips and mouths savored the treats rising before them.

Ruth made long licks from the balls between Jim's legs up the entire length of his hard cock.  Barb took little nibbles around the top of Floyd's reddened head.  Ann sucked one ball in and out of her gentle mouth, while her hand slowly covered and uncovered her husband's dick.  Traci opened wide and swallowed inches and inches of Mark's long penis.

Traci had her eyes closed for a while, the better to concentrate on Mark's reactions to her touches. She felt his breathing quicken when his cock hit the back of her throat, or when she stopped halfway and circled his head with her tongue.  She also tasted the spurt of pre-cum.

The nipples on the small breasted woman were pointed knobs when she felt her husband's balls draw up close to his body.  She slowly slid her lips off his cock one last time and ceased her movements.  It wasn't time to let a climax overtake her love.  No, not yet.

Looking toward the head of the table, Traci stared in surprise.  Ann had taken portions from her dessert tray and created a dick sundae!  Traci craned her head to identify all the layers decorating Rob's private parts.

There was pineapple making a ring at the base of the tall, stiff center.  A layer of whipped cream held a row of raspberries in place around his rigidity.  Traci thought the green layer must be kiwi slices.  She glanced down at her own dessert tray for confirmation.  Indeed, kiwi was available. 

Mischief dancing in her eyes, Traci reached for her own dessert spoon.  The strawberry blond laughed when Mark yelped at the first touch of the chilly whipped cream.  Carefully, she spread the foundation for her own cock tower.

Between layers, Traci watched the other women.  The golden blond Ruth  experimented with how to get a cherry to balance on the top of her husband's fruit bedecked erection.  Barb had opted to make a bed of whipped cream and chocolate on Floyd's stomach.  After she had licked Floyd's dick down into the dessert, she watched it spring back towards the ceiling.  Then she slowly licked all the sauces off it.  

While Traci smooshed cherries into the chocolate now covering Mark's cock, Juan stood nearby - with a camera.  He had taken a photo of Ann's creation on Rob already.  Traci appraised her decorating once more, then nodded to Juan.  She put her face next to the hard, colorful pole and smiled with her tongue just touching her lips.  Juan snapped the picture.

"Ann, I love these raspberries," Ruth complimented the hostess.

Ann took one finger and swiped whipped cream off her cheek, into her mouth.  "Mmmmmmm," she answered Ruth, "I think I like the pineapple the best."

"Oh, no," piped up Barb, "the CHOCOLATE!"  The women all laughed at her deep appreciation.

"But," Traci interrupted, "let's not forget the centerpieces."

"Oh, nooooooooooo!"

"Never."

"Not a chance," came the replies.  Grinning, the women returned to eating their dessert creations off their husbands.

Long minutes later, Rob took a deep breath and propped himself up on his elbows.  A look of exquisite indulgence gripped his face, but he scooted off the table and spoke softly.  "No one can compare to you, my dearest non-follower of directions, but I will wait no longer."  And with that, his arms surrounded his ample bodied wife and pressed her to the floor.

Rustling from all around the table gave evidence that the other men were following the host's lead.  Traci let herself be lowered to the floor.  Before abandoning herself to delicious kisses, she scanned the room, peering between the legs of the table.

  Barb crouched on top of Floyd, her mouth still enjoying cock au chocolate while Floyd's tongue flicked at the pink lips between her legs.  Ruth sat astride her husband.  Her breasts swung with each motion, nipples hardened, as she alternately lifted herself and plunged down again.  As Traci watched, Jim reached for the globes dangling above him, and Ruth moaned at his touch.

Peeking under the table the other direction, Traci saw Rob swing Ann's legs over his shoulders.  Despite Rob's bulk blocking the sound from the hostess, Traci nonetheless heard a most appreciative moan.  Rob's own sounds of appreciation joined his wife's.

Traci turned her attention to Mark as he kissed her lips, fondled her breast, and fingered her wetness.  She opened her legs wide, then wider, beckoning him to her.

Mark hovered above her.  She pulsed with longing.  The full, strong length of him entered her, and a warmth spread within her.  Between her legs, oh yes, there.  But also throughout her being.  Full.  Right.  Complete.

"Welcome, my love," Traci murmured in her husband's ear.  "Please do come inside."