 Previously: 

Rob and Ann have invited three couples to their home for A Scripted Dinner. After the first course, a delicious assortment of appetizers, Rob made his first script announcement. 

“Ladies, please remove your blouses.”

A creamy soup was served, and even eaten, amidst other activities. Then Rob gave his second direction.

“Ladies, please remove your skirts.”

Light laughter met his request. Traci had guessed he would ask for them to remove their bras. Judging from the laughter, she thought several others had guessed the same.

When no woman rose from her chair, Ann looked pointedly at each one, pushed back her chair, and stood. A slight bow in Rob’s direction set her dark hair to swinging. With an eyebrow raised towards her husband, she unbuttoned the side of her skirt. She swayed her hips unnecessarily and slid the satiny length down her legs. Stepping out of it, she handed the skirt to the serving man, Juan. He draped it over his arm.

Traci smirked as the servant stepped to her side of the table. Brushing strawberry blond bangs from her face, she stood up. Wriggling her hips from side to side, she worked the slinky skirt down her hips. Just on “accident” she bumped her bikini clad buttocks against Mark’s tuxedo clothed arm. He wasted no time in running his hand over the taut skin as she bent to step from the skirt.

With two skirts over his arm, Juan walked toward the golden blond Ruth. Ruth rose with a sassy bend to her back, thrusting the red bra enclosing her ample breasts far forward. Bay Watch would be proud, Traci chuckled to herself. Ruth unwound her skirt from her waist and flipped it to the server with a flourish. The guests applauded. Jim’s eyes devoured her stocking sheathed legs.

Finally, Barbara rose. Putting on a modesty obviously reminiscent of her upbringing from six decades ago, she pressed a hand to her exposed chest and looked wide eyed at her mate. His face crinkling in delight, Floyd laughed aloud. Barbara stepped demurely behind the back of her chair, and slid out of her skirt as if the chair hid her. Floyd craned his head, unabashedly watching as she undressed. 

As Barbara continued to hide behind her chair, Floyd reached out and lustfully surrounded her hips with his arms. Sweeping Barbara’s supposedly resistant body to himself, he buried his head in her sweetness. 

Barbara giggled and tugged playfully at the wisps of hair on his head. Floyd was not about to be moved from his prize. 

Traci, once again seated next to her lover, felt Mark’s arm move around her. She turned to receive his kiss. His right hand slid up her thigh while his left wound its way through her hair. He pressed her lips to his.

Ann was nearly onto Rob’s lap as their kisses lengthened. With both her legs draped over his lap, Rob had excellent access to play areas.

Jim leaned over Ruth, pinning her passionately to her chair. His hands roamed the softness of her body.

But Ruth’s outspokenness could not to remain acquiescent for long. “Hey, Rob,” she called out from under her husband’s weight. “When do the guys remove something?”

“Hush, you hussy!” Rob called back. “There is only one director for each script, and this one is mine!”

If the men laughed a bit more heartily than the women, they were soon forgiven in a torrent of fondling kisses. 

It was Barbara who noticed the server waiting with the salads. “Oh! People! Let’s not make this man’s job TOO difficult!” she called out between giggles.

The flurry of activities between spouses settled down enough that the salads could be placed in front of each person. Traci noted that no one ceased touching their mates, however. If Ann wasn’t stroking Rob’s cheek, he was running fingers across her thighs. Jim barely ate any of the excellent assortment of lettuces, he was so busy licking around the edges of Ruth’s bra. Barbara head disappeared into Floyd’s lap about as often as Mark’s disappeared in hers. 

A deep, satisfied laugh burbled out of her thirty?something throat. At this rate, they might never get to the entree.  

Jim’s explorations around the cups of his wife’s bra were pushing the edges of filmy fabric farther and farther, when Rob declared, “Oh, no, Jim! What is covered is off limits until properly revealed.” 

When the other guests stopped to see what he meant, his clarification was met with a mixture of laughter and groans. Mark had been very busy in Traci’s lap, and he pulled away only reluctantly. But not as reluctantly as Jim from the gorgeous mounds of Ruth’s chest. 

“Jim!” Rob called out again, laughing at his friend’s complete concentration. “Not yet, Jim!”

Jim finally recognized his name, and the table laughed again at his expression of confusion. Ruth leaned over and said directly in his ear, “Rob, the director king, says you can’t uncover anything until he says so.”

Jim turned a betrayed look at Rob, which only made everyone laugh harder. 

Rob suddenly turned sympathetic, and said, “You’ll get there, Jim. I promise.” Jim, having now mentally rejoined the rest of the group after his brief foray into his enraptured space, grinned in response. “I’ll hold you to that promise, Rob,” he declared. He put his arm around Ruth and pulled her to him. 

“Speaking of exactly that,” Rob began in a voice redolent of his days as a CEO. But then he stopped. The room fell silent. Traci’s heart beat faster. 

“This concludes our third course of food.”

Oh, thought Traci, the man could draw these directions out something painful! Rob stopped speaking again and openly leered at each woman around the table. Traci felt herself blush at the lust communicated as he looked at her breasts. She couldn’t help but chuckle, though, at the look of hope that came across Jim’s face.

“Yes, I do believe I owe it to Jim to keep my promise.”

The man stopped yet again, and Traci willed herself to breathe. She bit at her bottom lip and looked at Ann. Ann’s cheeks were flushed, and her hands were clasped together once more. The hostess looked down, a study in anticipation warring with excitement.

The men leaned forward, eager to hear the next pronouncement. Floyd’s tongue hung out just a bit, in a motion Traci was sure was unconscious, but nonetheless indicative of the direction of his thoughts. Oh, yes, thought Traci, looking back at the head of the table, Rob is going to give Jim his desire, isn’t he?

“Time for the third course from our lovely ladies.”

When Rob paused this time Traci thought she might scream at him to just go ahead and SAY it.

Finally, looking directly at Jim, Rob surprised them all by saying, “Gentlemen, unhook their bras.”

Dear Readers, if you like the Dinner, please vote for each of the stories. If you have suggestions, please e?mail those to me.