 Genevieve was stunned. Her jaw dropped in surprise, stopped dead with Michael's cock still in her mouth. Her tongue, just moments before working feverishly on the sensitive underside of his swollen cockhead, halted in mid-lick. He'd never suggested anything like this before.

She pulled her head back, easing his cock out of her mouth before looking up at him.

"You'd what?"

"I'd love to watch you do this to someone else." he said, the mischievous smile she knew so well playing on his lips.

"Why?"

"I dunno. I just would."

She began to imagine it, sucking some stranger's cock while Michael watched. She'd imagined it in an abstract way before, usually when she was being fucked from behind. And now her boyfriend had suggested the very thing her fantasies yearned for.

Without thinking, she pulled his cock back into her mouth, sucking it deep as she lost herself in the fantasy. Michael groaned, running his hands through her hair as she fucked him with her mouth. Her hands pumped the skin of his shaft, and her wet lips clamped around his throbbing hard-on. His cock twitched in her hot mouth, and the sound of his gasping breath mixed with the wet, slurping sounds of her expert cocksucking.

She felt like he was watching already, like she was sucking some nameless stranger's pulsing member. As she felt his balls tingling, she pulled her mouth away, and moaned "Come on my face, you horny bastard!"

With a groan, Michael's load began spraying from his cock. Her hand still pumping, she closed her eyes, loving the feeling as drops of sticky, hot semen splattered her face. They splashed against her cheeks, and painted her nose and lips. She opened her mouth, sticking out her tongue to catch the last droplets that dribbled from his throbbing cock. They ran into her mouth, and she swallowed them with a lusty, noisy gulp.

Michael was looking down at her, her face splattered with his come, and a sticky white smile on her lips. "I take it you like the idea?" he whispered.

She nodded slowly, licking her cum-splattered lips like a porn star.

The chance came a couple of weeks later. Michael had invited Gary, a colleague who was leaving the office, around for dinner. As an inspiration to Gary, Michael had bought Genevieve a short, tight dress, which showed off her curvy ass and hugged her figure. Just before Gary was due to arrive, Michael threw her on the couch, hiking up her dress and licking her bare pussy until she came with an excited moan. Her pussy, already dripping with anticipation, was soaked from his talented tongue. The smell of her pussy was thick in the air as Gary knocked on their front door.

Michael answered the door, while Gen ran to the kitchen. She heard their friendly greetings, then, as they began walking into the kitchen, she turned and reached up to the top cupboard.

When Gary walked in, he looked over to greet her, and stopped dead in surprise. He could see the tight curve of his mate's wife's ass, peeking out under her dress. He stammered "Hi Gen", and she turned, lowering her arm just slowly enough to allow him a glimpse of her shaved pussy. 

"Hi Gary. Dinner will be ready in a few minutes. Could one of you help me get this down?"

Michael was busy opening a bottle of wine on the table. "Give her a hand, would you Gary?" He watched from the corner of his eye as Gary walked across to the cupboard, reaching up to grab a saucepan.

"I'm glad you could come, Gary." said Genevieve softly. As Gary looked down at her to reply, he realised he could see down the front of her dress. Her pert nipples stood out like rosy points beneath the sheer material. He felt his cock begin to stir, and handed her the saucepan with a shy look. 

Once dinner was ready, the three of them sat down at the table, with Gen sitting across from the two guys. They talked about general things, and during one discussion, Michael knocked Gary's knife onto the floor with a gesticulating hand.

Gary bent down to retrieve the knife, sneaking a glance over in Genevieve's direction. He was expecting to just see up the hem of her dress, but was shocked to find her fingers plunged deep in her pussy. Her hand pumped in a slow rhythm, and Gary felt his cock spring instantly into hardness.

Gary heard Genevieve say clearly to Michael above the table "I think Gary just found out what deserrt is."

He sprang up guiltily, but Michael was laughing softly. Genevieve got up from her seat, clearing the table quickly, then turned to face Gary.

"I hope you like it, Gary," she cooed sexily, and lifted the hem of her dress. She was almost ready to orgasm already, and the hungry look on his face as she started rubbing her clit only made her hornier. 

She hitched her dress up around her hips and knelt in front of Gary's shocked form. Her hands deftly unzipped his pants, then reached inside to free his raging erection. With a lusty moan, she sank her mouth onto it.

Michael, meanwhile, had walked around behind her, putting his hand between her slightly parted thighs and rubbing her moist pussy. She moaned around Gary's cock, sucking him hard and deep into her mouth. Awestruck, Gary just watched her head bob up and down on his cock.

Abruptly, she turned and grabbed Michael, forcing him to sit in a chair. She freed his cock, and sat straight on it, screaming as he filled her hungry pussy. She reached for Gary's cock, and he stood in front of her, pumping her face as she gave him a wet, slow blowjob.

Genevieve felt like a complete slut. She'd never imagined that having a velvety cock in her mouth and Michael's hard-on deep in her pussy would be so overwhelming. She groaned around Gary's throbbing member.

Gary pulled his cock from her tantalising mouth, already close to cumming. He got down on his knees, pushing his face between her spread thighs. He began licking her clit, his tongue inches away from Michael's thrusting cock.

With a scream of pure pleasure, Genevieve began cumming. Juice flooded from her filled cunt, washing Michael's cock and Gary's face. Gary's tongue licked her hungrily, loving the taste of her pussy. 

With a shock, Michael felt Gary's tongue on the underside of his pumping cock,licking Gen's juices off him. The feeling was too much for him, and with a groan, his load began filling her spasming pussy. 

Genevieve came again as she felt his come in her pussy. She looked down, seeing Gary's bobbing head licking her pussy and Michael's cock. It was the most erotic thing she'd ever seen, and she couldn't bear feeling this sluttiness anymore. She reached down, grabbing Gary's head and pulling him upright again, began really sucking his cock.

Gary was already close to cumming, and his face, shiny with Gen's pussy juice, contorted into an expression of ecstasy as his cum began spraying from his cock. Huge globs of white, sticky cum painted Gen' face, and she opened her mouth, eager for a taste of his spunk. Moaning, Gary kept cumming, thick streams of semen hitting her tongue, teeth, eyelids and cheeks.

Gen licked her lips, cumming again with Michael's cock still in her contracting cunt. From behind, she heard Michael's exhausted whisper: "Now that's a sight I've been waiting for. You dirty bith, you loved that, didn't you?"

Taking Gary's cock in her mouth again, Genevieve could only nod...