 "Hey babe," I called as I entered the apartment. "You ready to go to dinner?"

"Yeah," I heard the muffled reply from the bedroom.

Jesse was searching for one of his sneakers, as I snuck up behind him and gave him a big hug. "Let me just change real quick," I said.

When I returned a little later, I was wearing a sleeveless white lacy top, over one of my push up bras. It was unbuttoned pretty far, showing a good bit of cleavage. I had a decorative belt wrapped around my tight khaki skirt that fell just below my rounded ass, and a pair of knee high brown boots to complete the ensemble. My brown hair fell neatly below my shoulders, and my blue eyes sparkled as I smiled at my boyfriend. He had no idea what I had planned for tonight.

"What are you all dressed up for?" he asked.

"I can't get dressed up for my man?" I countered. We locked the apartment door and got in the car, driving to one of the local college town restaurants for dinner.

Jesse sat down in our booth first. I decided to start my torture for him early. 

"Ouch, there must be something in my boot," I declared, as I stood facing him, and put my foot on his leg, leaning down to play with the zipper on it a bit. This gave him a full view of my pink cunt, as I was not wearing panties. His mouth dropped open.

I looked at him. "Jeez, babe, it was just a pebble in there. Not that big a deal." I grinned and tilted his chin back up to look at me. Then I sat down across from him.

Our waitress, Amy, came to take our order. Little did Jesse know, I had arranged the events for tonight with Amy earlier. We had met a while back and somehow got to talking that we both would be interested in a threesome, and had arranged this little number.

"What can I get for you, Mam?" Amy asked me first, giving me a smile. She was very pretty and petite, about 5'2, with green eyes and blonde hair. Her breasts were a bit larger than mine, which I definitely wanted in a girl I was about to have a threesome with. I have C-cups, and I wouldn't settle for sucking on anything less.

I ordered a glass of wine and placed my food order, and Jesse did the same, stealing a glance at Amy's huge tits whenever she wasn't looking. I smirked, pleased by his typical behavior. 

We talked about everything while we looked over the menu. We never seem to have a hard time with subject matter. Then I decided it was time to tell him a little bit about later tonight.

"I know Amy from one of my classes, hon. Her shift ends around the time we'll be done, so she's gonna come back to the apartment with us later and study with me for our test on Monday. I hope you don't mind." I unbuttoned one more of the buttons on my blouse.

Amy brought our drinks shortly after that. She placed my wine near my silverware. Then she leaned directly over Jesse to place his on the other side of him, exposing even more of her cleavage to my boyfriend. As she moved back across the table, she bumped into my wine glass. I caught it, but not in time to prevent just a little bit of the wine from landing on the front of my chest and begin drizzling down my breast.

"Oh, I'm so sorry," Amy gushed. She grabbed a napkin, cupped one of her hands underneath my breast, and rubbed the wine away with the other. I thought Jesse's eyes were going to pop out of his head.

Amy left again to go get our food. I had snuck a boot of one of my feet and was snaking my foot up Jesse's leg and poking around his groin, getting very turned on by the raging hard on he was sporting. I grinned mischeviously at him, and kissed his hand.

When Amy brought the food, she dropped a napkin on the floor. She turned around and bent over to pick it up, leaving her firm round ass in full view for Jesse, who looked like a deer in headlights.

After that incident, dinner went pretty well (not that is hadn't been going well before!), and we paid for our food and met Amy outside afterwards. I introduced Jesse to Amy and we talked a bit on the ride home. 

Once we got in the house, Jesse went into our bedroom and turned on his computer. Amy and I were going to study in the living room, we told him. There really wasn't going to be much studying going on.

We let Jesse get situated, surfing the web contentedly before we made our move. I walked up behind him and gave him a hug, rubbing my hands down his sexy chest and began to unbutton his jeans.

I think he forgot that Amy was in the house for a moment because he didn't appear to mind that I might be undressing him in front of a stranger. Then Amy walked around in front of him and began helping me. He nearly jumped out of his seat.

"It's ok, sweetie," I cooed, as I pulled his swiftly hardening rod out of the confining pants. "Amy and I are gonna be really nice to you tonight." I grinned.

His jaw dropped as Amy pulled his rock hard cock out of his boxers, and pulled the unneeded clothes down to his ankles. Then Amy and I looked at each other, and kissed. Jesse was in heaven already. Two hot women in front of him, kissing right near his very erect penis!

We moved our kiss so that his dick was right between our mouths, our tongues snaking all over it. After doing that for a few moments, Amy stood up and began unbuttoning her waitress uniform. Jesse, started to get over the initial shock, began to help her, eager to see and feel those nice titties of Amy's. I was still sucking on Jesse's cock when Amy's shirt fell onto my head. I pulled it off quickly, stopped sucking Jesse for a bit, and stood up. Amy's breasts were gorgeous, head up quite nicely by a black lacy bra. I began to kiss around the edges of the bra, playing with the straps on her shoulders a bit as I did so. Jesse would have none of that, and he unhooked the bra for the two of us. Amy sighed contentedly as I eagerly centered my attention on one of her nipples. Not one to be left out, Jesse began to massage Amy's other breast and was soon happily sucking that one beside me. Amy moaned, and one hand went down to rub her crotch through her skirt, while the other pulled my head in to her breast closer as I nibbled tantalizingly on her nipple. Amy walked us slowly towards the bed, the two of us never letting go of our pacifiers. 

Once there, Amy pulled us both off, and began taking off her skirt. Jesse looked at me, noticed that I was still fully dressed, and began to undo the last two or three buttons on my top, and my bra joined the top on the floor shortly thereafter. Once all three of us were completely naked, I looked at Amy and she nodded.

"OK," I began. "The two of us are here to obey your every whim tonight. Whatever you want us to do to you or to each other or anything, just say the words." I leaned towards him and kissed him passionately.

"So what would you like first?" Amy asked him.

Jesse thought about it for a second. "I want to see one of you give the other oral sex, while I masturbate and watch." I noticed that he didn't say 69 position, probably because Amy was so short and I was quite tall. So we'd take turns.

Amy lied down on her back on our bed and spread her legs invitingly. I obligingly took my place between her shapely legs and began kissing her inner thighs. Jesse stood to the side of the bed and started lightly stroking his cock as he watched us. 

I reached up to fondle one of Amy's breasts with my hand, as I continued to trail kisses up her thighs, and around her neatly shaven pussy. I breathed gently on her labia, knowing that she was already quite wet and that it would make her shiver. Then I lightly began to flick my tongue over her clitoris, first slowly and teasingly, and then picking up speed. As I picked up speed, so did Amy's breathing, and her hand immediately came down to gently prod the back of my head to continue. I did so, also slipping a finger gently inside her dripping cunt. She moaned softly at that. I looked up at Jesse while doing my work, and saw that he had picked up speed on his cock. Amy was moaning even louder now.

"Oh, God, that feels good, eat me out, you bitch," she moaned. Not wanting to disappoint her, I added another finger and began to add pressure to her clit with my thumb while my tongue continued its dance.

Amy's back began to arch and I could feel her muscles tense as she got closer to orgasm. I continued to play with her clit with my fingers, but I moved my tongue to relentlessly fucking her slot. I was rewarded soon after as her muscles tensed a few more times and she sighed loudly.

I think the two of us had almost forgotten Jesse was standing there, but when we turned around, we noticed that he was rapidly stroking his dick, very close to orgasm. 

I turned and pulled Amy's face to my breast, making her suck on one of my nipples. "Here baby, aim here. Hit my face and breasts, and Amy's too. And we'll lick it off each other. God, it's so hot watching you whack off!"

As if that was all the encouragement he needed, Jesse exploded, sending wads of hot man juice onto my cheek and breasts, and getting a good bit on Amy's face as well. The two of us turned and lapped up any extra that he might have left on his penis, and then went to work on each other, eagerly lapping up the cum.

I turned to my boyfriend and happily noticed that his hard on had not subsided in the least. "Now what?" I smiled.

"I think I have an idea," said Amy. She whispered in my ear.

I pushed Jesse down hard on the bed, and sat next to him on the side. I throw a small blanket on his head for a blindfold. Then I started fondling myself and twisting and pinching my nipples a bit. Amy straddled Jesse's legs, and slowly eased his huge cock into her slippery wet pussy. Jesse let out a low growl as his cock squeezed into a tiny slot that he had to know was not mine. I leaned my breasts toward his face, rubbing my nipple against his closed lips, till he opened his mouth and engulfed it. 

Amy was bobbing up and down on Jesse's stiff rod so hard that the blanket had come off his eyes. Jesse looked up to notice the hot woman fucking him, and his girlfriend with her ass in the air and her tit in his mouth. Amy chose that moment to shove a finger into my sopping wet cunt. It was too much for him.

"Oh, God, I'm cumming," I groaned. Amy quickly jumped off his cock and covered it with her mouth. Jesse's second load of the evening filled her mouth to the brim, leaving just a little bit to dribble out the side and down her chin. She swallowed it eagerly and I licked the remains from her chin.

"Don't think you're done yet, you," I chided him. This time is cock had begun its deflation period, but I threw it into my mouth and began sucking it back to health. It didn't take long.

"Stand up!" I comanded. He did. Amy and I got on all fours, side by side on the bed. "Now fuck me!"

Jesse rammed his manhood into my pussy. "My turn!" Amy called. He pulled out and slid his rod into Amy's cunt giving her a few good strokes before I told him it was my turn again. We switched off a few more times, while Amy and I gave Jesse a good show by making out during the whole thing.

As he was fucking Amy, I quickly grabbed some lubricant from the nightstand. I grinned as I started to call out my next command. "My turn now, but this time fuck me in the ass!"

I handed him the tube. He stopped for a moment to lube up his dick, and then slowly penetrated my tight ass. It hurt just a little at first, but we went along slowly enough, working his thick rod in my ass, until I got used to the feeling, and as usual it began to feel fucking good. I moaned loudly to let him know.

While he fucked me in the ass, Amy stood up on the bed and stood in front of me. She leaned over me to let Jesse suck and play with her breasts while his member was stuffed up my ass. Her sex was right near my face, and I took the opportunity to reacquaint my tongue and her clitoris. She giggled in surprise. Jesse stopped sucking long enough to notice that he was ass fucking his girlfriend while he sucked on another woman's huge breasts and while that woman got head from his girlfriend. 

"God this is hot!" he said, and he quickened his pace in earnest. I was starting to breathe very heavily and quickly lost my concentration on Amy's twat as I neared my orgasm. I felt several of the muscles in my body tense in preparation for climax. Several seconds later, I was struggling to hold my front half up while Jesse was finishing his pumping. Luckily he didn't take too much longer. After he blew his load deep into my ass, the three of us collapsed in a heap on the bed.

After a few moments we cleaned up and resituated ourselves in bed, Jesse lying with a woman on each side. He fell asleep quickly with a hand on one of each of our breasts, and we quickly followed suit.