 Kelly takes a risk and unites with Lindsay and Tom again

A cry of ecstasy escaped me as I looked at the two of them, and my fingers churned on my naked thighs.

Lindsay was kneeling on my little bed, up on her hands, her long hair hanging down, as Tom moved in and out of her from behind. Her pretty breasts moved each time he filled her and she thrust back at him to take him deep into her sex. Her face was turned toward me where I sat in a straight-backed chair and watched the two of them fuck. Heavy with lust, her half-lidded brown eyes held mine past the hair framing her face.

I inched the hem of my dress up still higher, baring more of my long legs, opening them, showing her my pussy, wanting her to look at me. I was wet. I was in need. Dragging my fingers up my thighs, I furrowed my own skin as I found pleasure in this moment, wanting her so much, but also wanting Tom, wanting his cock driving into me as it was now going in and out of her.

Only an hour ago, I had looked over the makeshift table I had made up, smoothed out the tablecloth and checked the place settings again. Wine glasses in place, napkins folded, plates waiting. All I lacked was a dinner companion. Or two. There were three places set at the table in my tiny dorm room.

I had moved to the bed again, made up with pillows and throws to seem more like a couch, and rearranged the pillows again. Turning, I surveyed my lair. The place was spotless. A pink scarf was tossed casually over the lamp, giving the room a diffused rosy glow. I wished I had something to drink to calm my nerves, but both of my dinner companions had offered to bring wine, and I had accepted their gracious offers. I hadn't anything of my own.

Getting to this point had taken all my courage. I called Lindsay first. Come for dinner, I had said. We'll hang out, watch a couple of movies. Sure, you can bring wine. And then I called Tom. That was harder. Tom and I had dated last year, and then he just stopped calling me. No break up. No scene. Just nothing. I assumed he had moved on to the next girl of the month. He was an English major, and you know how they are. He also played the guitar in the bars, so he got a bit of feminine attention. He was even a bit notorious.

I was no virgin before we dated, but Tom did things to me that no man had done. Nasty things. Fun things. Things I liked. Things I wanted him to do again and again and again. And then, later, again.

I slipped into the hardly-a-dress I had bought for the evening. I had seen it in a shop downtown and had lusted after it months. It was far too expensive and entirely too sheer for me to actually wear anywhere, but it had looked so nice on me when I had tried it on last fall. It hugged without binding, fell gracefully to drape me and reveal me too. I wasn't wearing a thing under it. This was not an evening for subtlety. I had invited them over to fuck.

I had asked them each to arrive at different times. I knew Tom was always punctual, but I had no idea about Lindsay, and I wanted her there first. She would see that dress, the three place settings, the bed disguised as a couch that was the only comfortable place to sit to watch movies. She would know what was up, and, if she didn't, I would tell her. She was Tom's girlfriend, after all. But she was late already.

Two weeks earlier, the three of us, along with my own date, had gone off for a ski weekend and gotten snowed in at a highway motel along the way. And we had all fucked in the same room. The boys hadn't played together, but Linds and I had, and the boys did us both. I had liked it. I liked it a lot. I wasn't so interested in my date, though having two men in me at the same time was amazingly fine. My date clearly thought I was a little slut from the way he had behaved afterwards though, but he was no great loss. But being with Tom and Lindsay together again, oh that was something I was interested in. Tom and Lindsay and Kelly.

The knock on the door brought me back from my memories of making love to them. I opened it to find beautiful Lindsay standing there in a big old parka. I stepped back to let her into the room. She smiled brightly, then her eyes widened as she really got a look at me in that dress. She started to hold up the wine and say something, but I silenced her with a finger on her lips. Taking her hand, I led her into the room, set down the wine and eased the coat off her shoulders. She was wearing a cute little low-cut top and jeans. I barely had time to take her in before I flowed into her arms and kissed her. Her lips parted and she slipped her tongue to mine as her arms came around me. We embraced and kissed for a long moment. I pulled away, looking into her eyes and seeing questions, then closed my own eyes and kissed her again.

I finally pulled away and lowered my eyes. "Shall I open the wine?" She nodded, not yet quite ready to speak.

I had my back to her, working on the cork when she finally did. I heard her shoes hit the floor as she made herself comfortable. I felt a little thrill. Taking my shoes off is something I do when I anticipate sex later. Was she the same? 

"Kelly, you come across as so shy and reserved, then, whammo, you just blow me away."

"Do I?" I turned handing her a glass of wine. I sat down in a graceful and confident manner (I hoped) very close to her.

She curled her knees up in front of her as she leaned against the pillows. "You look very seductive. Are you planning to seduce me?" Her eyes sparkled.

I tossed my hair back and took a sip of win, looking at her over the rim. "Would I have to?"

She laughed. She has a deep, throaty laugh. She leaned forward, giving an excellent view of her chest and touched my leg lightly. "Have you decided that you like girls then? Or is it just me?"

I leaned forward and kissed her again. "I'd never really thought about it—being with another girl—much until the party at Jeni's. And that was a wonderful experience."

Lindsay smiled. We had met and made love there.

"I have thought about it a lot since then. I don't think I have suddenly become a lesbian. I don't think it works that way."

Lindsay laughed. "Speaking as a lesbian, I can confirm that."

I chilled. I had assumed she was bisexual, as I was coming to terms with that being a fit description for myself. "But, you have a boyfriend."

She came to me again, kissing me deeply and hotly, her hand on my leg moving higher and growing more firm in its touch. "I don't have a boyfriend."

Oh, god. Had I miscalculated so badly? I had thought that she and Tom were dating. They were together on the ski trip. They certainly didn't seem like strangers. She had gone down on him and fucked him while I did my date in that hotel room, before we all did it together. I hadn't wanted to see them making love at first because it still kind of hurt that Tom was with her.

"Oh, Tommmmmmm," she murmured on my lips as if reading my mind. "I get an itch for cock now and then, and, with Tom, you know, I knew it would never get serious. I was going for girl of the month." She laughed again.

This was not going the way it was supposed to go at all. I believed they were a couple, and I was going to offer myself to them as a third, something erotic and exotic. Maybe more, depending on how things went. Apparently, he hadn't changed at all, not if Linds called herself the girl of the month. I thought I was the only one who did that. Maybe it was a big sorority.

Lindsay laughed a little as she drew back. "Were you planning to seduce me away from him?"

I sat forward, just miserable. "No, planning to seduce you and him both. Together"

I got up and walked to the table, indicating the three place settings. Her eyes took in my look, the table, the soft pink light, the pillows on the couch, the see-through dress.

"You invited Tom here tonight too?" Lindsay asked.

I nodded, feeling foolish and stupid and entirely under-dressed. "I've made a horrible mistake. I'd better change before he gets here."

Lindsay started to speak, but the knock on the door interrupted. I flushed red, feeling the blood surging into my face and chest. Backing toward the desk and its rosy glowed lamp, I cringed.

Lindsay uncurled herself from the couch like a big, smug cat and went to open the door. She pulled it open and pressed herself seductively along its edge, reaching one arm up to the top of the door and posing, stretching languorously as she beckoned him into the room.

I waved. Tom looked from me to Lindsay and back. "Dinner and a movie?" he asked.

"No, dinner, movie and group sex," Lindsay said, her voice thick with sarcasm.

Tom turned from me to Lindsay and back, his bottle of wine held in one hand. 

"Kelly thought we were a couple," Lindsay explained for me. "She invited us over to seduce us."

I felt my face heating as I flushed, and my heart beat hard in my chest which was turning scarlet above the low cut of my ridiculous dress.

Tom turned to me. "I like being seduced." He smiled.

Lindsay closed the door and moved to stand next to Tom, laying her head on his arm. "Mmmmm, so do I. Look at her." Her body swayed as she moved against him. "She is gorgeous. See? You can see her nipples right through her dress. And where she stands, against the light? You can see right through it. The shape of her body, the length of her legs..." She rubbed herself along his side, dragging her breasts back and forth over his arm. "Don't you just want to fuck her?"

I bit my lip, watching her touching herself to him. Very quietly, I said, "I want to see you two do it."

Lindsay paused in her caresses and raised an eyebrow, saying into Tom's ear. "Oh, an exhibitionist first, and now she wants to be a voyeur too. "

Tom turned and took Lindsay in his arms, drawing her up onto her toes to kiss her, his hands moving over her body as the kiss deepened. Lindsay ran her fingers through his hair and moved up and down on Tom's leg, pressing her sex to his thigh as it came between her legs. With a deep sigh, she broke away and suggested Tom pour us all a glass of wine. "You do plan to stay, don't you?" she asked him.

Tom smiled and looked at me again, then went to pick up the bottle, that being answer enough for anyone. Lindsay turned to me, the smile that makes me feel so wicked warming me all over. She'd made a decision. "Undress me." It was almost more of a command than invitation.

I moved to her, kissing her as her arms moved around me, pulling me close to her again. The touch of her breasts just under mine sparked through me as our bodies joined. Her tongue licked at my lips and opened them. Still kissing her, I tugged her t-shirt out of her jeans and up, breaking free of the kiss just long enough to lift her shirt over her head as she raised her arms for me. I pressed myself to her again, the heat of her skin radiating through the thin material of my dress as I reached around to unclasp her bra. Slipping it from her shoulders, I gently pulled it down her arms and off, laying it away with her tee.

Lindsay's hands came up, holding my face as we kissed, she now bare to the waist. With gentle pressure, she directed me lower. I let her direct my face, kissing her neck, showering her with kisses, laving her with my tongue. Her sighs and cries of pleasure made me throb and pulse and my pussy felt heavy. I was getting wet, and I loved that I was getting wet from kissing this girl.

With her hands still on my face, she brought my lips down, between her breasts, around them, kissing each darling nipple as it stood up so prettily for me. For us. I felt Tom beside me, handing her her wine, felt her body move as she raised the glass to her lips, heard her swallowing as I held on nipple in my mouth. She shifted again and pulled him close, and I looked up to see him leaning in to kiss her. I raised a hand to stroke his ass as I moved my lips lower down her body, to the waist of her jeans. Kissing her tummy, I worked her pants open, letting go of Tom just long enough to tug her jeans past her full, womanly hips. 

The scent of her arousal was strong as her pants came away. I kissed her mound through her panties, falling to my knees to slip her jeans down her legs, holding them for her as she lifted one foot and then the other to step free of them. Raising my head, I kissed her pussy, feeling the dampness of her panties on my lips. She might be a lesbian, but the girl was turned on by what we were doing, the three of us. I eased my fingers into her panties, curled them up and tugged downward to bare her pussy, seeing the close cut hair that lay across her mound, her vulva swollen with desire. As my fingers brought her panties down her thighs, I pressed my tongue to her sex, licking, slowly, with long broad laps as she held Tom in her arms and kissed him. She was tart under my tongue, syrupy and aromatic. I quite liked the taste of Lindsay Smith. I eased my tongue between her labia, wriggling it, feeling that she was even wetter inside. Smiling broadly, I knew I had done this to her; I had made her wet, with my wicked plan, my kisses, my caresses, my licks; I had aroused this goddess.

I kissed lower then, down her legs, nipping with my lips. I saw Tom's pants pushing down past me as Lindsay opened them and took out his growing cock. Pausing my kissing, I untied his boots for him and helped him out of them and his pants before returning my lips to Lindsay's legs. I kissed lower still, down her calves, to her ankles. I suddenly felt a thrill of excitement as I bent low to the ground and licked and adored her, some unknown desire rising in me as I knelt and kissed her legs.

I felt her shift again, her fingers curling in my hair as she tugged and brought up my head. Lindsay was drawing me up again, gently, up fully onto my knees, to where she held Tom's cock. I turned my face toward him, and she touched the head to my lips, running the head over them as if she was putting on gloss, the thick, spongy head of his cock painting my lips.

"Open your mouth, Kelly," she said softy, yet there was something strong in her tone, and I found I liked the idea of obeying her, even though sucking Tom's cock was something I wanted desperately to do. I moved forward and let her feed his hardness into my mouth, feeling the length of him slipping in, gliding past my tongue and probing deeper. I closed my lips around him and began to bob my head. My hair fell as Lindsay released it, cascading softly around my face and down my back. 

As I fellated Tom, Lindsay moved away, tossing the pillows from my couch bed and peeling back the covers. As my face rose up and fell down on him, I head the bed creak as she crawled onto it.

"Oh, my darling little cocksucker," she murmured as she looked at me. "Tom? Isn't she a darling little cocksucker?"

Tom laughed lightly. "She is a marvelous cocksucker, Linds." He pulled off his shirt and cast it away, now naked too.

I knew she was watching me. I wanted to be beautiful for her. I closed my eyes and believed that I was, there on my knees, with Tom fucking my face and my transparent dress hinting at my naked body beneath it. I was lovely and sexy in the moment, and I liked them calling me that: cocksucker.

"Kelly, honey?" Lindsay whispered. "Put him in me now."

I raised my head from his cock and turned to look at her. She was up on her hands and knees on the bed, her fabulous hair hanging down, her boobs dangling from her chest. She looked wanton and desirable. I was going to love watching her fuck Tom this time. When we had done this before, sort of, in the hotel room, I hadn't wanted to see the two of them do it. I know it is silly, but I had feelings for Tom and seeing him make love to my replacement was just kind of painful. Now, everything was different. This time was for the three of us.

I rose, wrapping my fingers around Tom's cock, feeling him slick from my mouth, and pumped his thickness as I led him to the bed. Releasing him for the moment, I leaned across the bed and ran my tongue between Lindsay's cheeks. She has this thing about licking there. The first time she touched me, she licked my butt. I didn't know if she liked things going into her there or not though. Laying my hands on her round ass, I opened her cheeks and ran my tongue down, to her pussy, licking her there again. I was preparing my lover to fuck my lover. Again, I felt as if a jolt of electricity had hit me.

Tom's weight made the bed shift as he knelt behind Lindsay. I lifted my tongue from her to once more, her cream coating it, to take him into my mouth. I sucked hard, curling my tongue around and around his shaft. Pulling my head back, I drew my mouth off of him until just the head was held by my lips, and I looked up at him and saw him looking down at me, smiling. I took his cock in my hand again, letting go with my lips, and smiled back at him, then touched the tip of him to Lindsay's sex. She pushed back as she felt the touch of him. I stroked his cock up and down between her lips as she opened. They both pulled back, and they then streamed together again as his cock slid right into her all the way. I watched raptly, seeing the cock that had just been in my mouth going into another girl's pussy.

Conflicting emotions roiled in me. I saw the look of lust and expectation on Tom's face. I saw the two of them fucking right in front of me. I felt a pang of jealousy that I had to tell myself was ridiculous, this was what I wanted, a threesome with the two people who excited me most. I wanted to fuck another girl again, and be fucked by one. And I wanted Tom to fill me up and make me come with his wonderful cock.

I stayed there for a moment, watching him go in and out of her. I had seen this before, as I had lain under her and she had licked me in that motel room while he put his cock into her. This time, I was an adjunct though, not really fully involved. Yet. 

I moved away from them, perching on my desk chair as I spread my legs and watched. I had never just done that, ever, just watched two people doing it. My fingers cupped my pussy, and I held myself and felt how wet I was, how turned on by this. Lindsay ran her tongue out, licking her lips, looking at me. Then Tom slammed into her and her eyes rolled up. A long, low moan came out of her, and she began to quiver, falling forward onto her elbows as they fucked. My lovers were fucking. Lifting my dress past my hips, I crossed my arms and slipped it off, laying it over the other desk chair as my eyes flew back to Lindsay and Tom.

Her mouth was hanging open as she came, her eyes squeezed shut. I could see the way her body tensed up and her muscles went taut as her orgasm took her. Going to my knees, I went to her, kissing her around her gasps as Tom held deep inside of her as her body shook. She kissed me back with short little busses, beginning to move on him again, slowly. His stokes were long and slow, delighting her with the way they filled her. She and I kissed, and she ran her fingers into my hair and petted me as she was fucked. Her body began to buck back at his more quickly, and I knew she was wanting to come again. I wanted that for her, wanted her to feel what I had felt as Tom brought me off with his cock inside of me. I closed my hand over one of her breasts and pressed it to her chest as she opened her mouth in sweet, heavenly pleasure and came again. The three of us stayed together for a few moments as her orgasm that had brought her up so high coursed through her.

Tom slipped out of her when she was ready, his cock hard and shiny as he sat beside her on my bed. Gently, he lifted Lindsay too, holding her and kissing her. Turning her in his strong arms, she faced me again, and I showered her hot body with kisses on her breasts and her belly. She spread her legs, and my kisses rained down on her mound and her sex. I was licking a girl again. My, my, my.
