 When we got to the restaurant, it was crowded. My friend and I were out on the town or her last night in town. We didn't want to go anywhere else for dinner, but we weren't sure we wanted to wait 45 minutes for a table, either. Then I saw you, sitting by yourself in the dining area. I went over to say hi. you explained that your friend didn't show, and you were debating leaving, without eating. I mentioned the 45 minute wait and ask if we could join you. You said yes. we sat and had a nice dinner. Wine was flowing and the food was great. You asked, over dessert, what we were going to do. I said that we were out on the town for her last night. You smiled and said, "You could always have a night out on me."

I looked at her, and we both smiled. We looked back at you and said, "we're game."

You raised you finger in the air and called out "check please!"

We got out of there and decided to go back to her place. She was packed up, but there were still sheets on the bed. We moved quickly to that bed and we all laid down, with you in the middle. I kissed you on the cheek and I whispered in your ear, "go to her first, it's OK. I know it's hard to resist that red hair."

You smiled, said thank you and rolled towards her. As you started kissing her, I rolled up behind you, pressing my tits to your back. I reached around, grabbed her ass and pulled her closer. I began to kiss and lick your neck as you continued kissing her. You rolled back on your back and turned toward me, and I finally got to kiss that mouth I've been dreaming of. She takes over on your neck as our hands begin to run up and down your legs. I break the kiss to remove your shirt. She and I each take a nipple in our mouth as your cock threatens to rip through your jeans. Both of us have our hands on you. enjoying your moans as we lick, suck and nibble at your nipples, while rubbing your cock through your jeans. I unzip your pants to unleash your cock. I can't wait to have that hot, hard flesh in my hand, and ultimately, in my mouth. 

She and I lick our way down your stomach. As we get closer to your cock, we look up at each other. We break away from you to kiss. Kissing a girl is different, more gentle, more soft. And this kiss is tentative at first. But as our kiss grows, so too, does your cock in our hands. I didn't think you could get any harder than you were. But seeing us kiss does it. We kiss across your stomach, our hair tickling your chest and legs. Our hands stroke your cock. We break our kiss and both move back to you. I take your balls in my mouth as she takes your cock in hers. you almost cum, just from the pleasure of two mouths on you, but I squeeze gently to help stop you. 

I move up on all fours, still licking your balls, position myself so you can reach my tits as they hang down. We all decided there were too many clothes still on, so we stop long enough to take most of them off. She and I kept our garters, stockings and shoes on, while you were completely naked and laid out for us to see. You were even more magnificent than I thought. I went back to your cock, as she took your balls in hand. You began pulling at our nipples, as she got up on all fours, too. We couldn't let you cum yet, though. I had plans...so we let go of you and turned back to each other. I pulled her on top of me and kissed her, as I ground my thigh against her clit. You were watching us, slowly stroking yourself. 

I roll her onto her back, and kiss my way down her neck, to her chest, slowly working towards her nipples. I stop long enough to tell you it's time. I want you to bury yourself in her pussy and cum. You don't wait two seconds before you are balls deep inside her dripping pussy. I am licking, sucking and nibbling her nipples as you stroke long and hard in her tight, wet pussy. After awhile, you can't hold on, you pull out and shoot your cum all over her pussy. I smile, because this is exactly what I hoped for. I move my way down her stomach and start to clean her up, with my mouth. After I lick your cum off of her, I continue licking her. My mouth on her clit, fingers inside of her. Stroking her and bringing her again and again. 

Then, I feel you. Your hands on my ass as you bring your ready cock to my pussy. I shifted, and moved my hand back to you, and placed your cock at my ass. I moan into her pussy as you slowly enter my ass. You move slowly at first, opening me up to you. but eventually, I am open and you start pounding my ass. I scream my orgasm into her as you continue slamming into me. You cum again, filling my ass. She's about spent, but I still want, need more. 

You go and wash up and come back to bed. I am lying on my back, holding her, when you come back. You kiss me, kiss her, then kiss down to my aching clit. You tongue me, expertly, as you make me cum again. I want more. And I want you, in my mouth. I ask you to swing around. We get into a 69 and I take your cock deep into my throat. You're a little soft after cumming twice, so far, but I have faith in my ability to bring you back. 

I push your hips, so just your head is in my mouth. I lick and suck just your head, taking my time, coaxing you back to hardness. Once you are hard again, I lick just your shaft. I can't concentrate well, with your lips on my clit, so I move us to a better position, one where I can deep throat you, and concentrate on what I am doing. I suck you slowly all the way down. Once you are in my mouth a far as you can go, I use my tongue on your head as I am still sucking you in my throat. I pull back, and then take you all the way in again. Over and over. Slowly, slowly, over and over again, up and down on your cock. I love the way it feels in my mouth. Thick and hot. I love giving head. It's my favorite pastime. 

As much as I wanted to drink your sweet cum, I know what you like more than that. I allow you to pull out of my mouth and shoot your load all over my face. When you are done, she comes over, kisses me and starts to clean my face. We both had the opportunity to clean up your cum without mouths. She left the last drop on her tongue and kissed me again. I loved sharing your cum with her. 

We were happy to share our night out with you, and I hope, next time, you and I have the opportunity to explore alone.