 A story within a story

"Hiiii, guys!" Julie greeted Linda and Jack at the door with a friendly welcome. "Come on in." She kissed the petite, auburn haired woman and gave her a warm hug. Turning to the woman's companion, she took him in her arms and tilted her head upward as he brought his lips onto hers. Their lips remained together longer than a casual hello might require. "Mmmm, Jack, I was waiting for that." she said as her husband, Wayne, walked into the entry from the kitchen. 

"Same here, Julie." Jack replied, hugging her tightly. "Mmmm, smells good. Must be something good cooking. Hey, how's it going, Wayne?" he said to Julie's husband as he looked past Julie to see him walk into the entry.

"Come on in and have a glass of wine! There are some crackers and cheese on the island in the kitchen." Wayne offered as he embraced Linda and gave her a kiss.

The four of them walked into the spacious kitchen. "So, what have you been up to since we last saw you?" the hostess inquired of Linda, handing her a glass of Zinfandel.

"The usual. Nothing terribly exciting." Linda said with a laugh "You know us."

"What about you?" Julie asked Jack. 

"We share the same exciting life." Jack replied with a grin. I've just been doing some yard work and things around the house. I have been playing around a bit with writing. Since I'm kind of a pervert anyway, I figured I might try writing a short story with some sexy bits in it. You know, it gives me something to do with my free time and, as an added benefit, maybe exercises my brain a bit. Pretty exciting, huh?" Jack said sarcastically.

"Hmmm, sexy short stories?" Julie asked, sidling up to him as he took his wine glass from the counter. "Anything interesting?" she added coyly.

"Not really, just sex stuff. Smut. Porn. Poorly written, no plot kind of stuff." he replied nonchalantly.

"Like what?" 

"Oh, you don't want to know." Jack replied casually.

"Yes, I do." Julie said eagerly. 

"Well, okay, today I was writing about this couple who has another couple over for dinner and stuff happens."

"That's pretty exciting." Julie said sardonically. "Stuff happens. Are you aiming for publication in the New Yorker or the Home Depot catalog? Stuff happens?!" Her playful frustration with her guest's reticence was becoming obvious. "What do you mean, 'stuff happens'?"

"Okay, okay. So, this couple comes over for dinner and the hostess has dressed kind of sexy, you know, skirt, thong panties, kind of a layered look on top with a blouse and over sweater. But she isn't wearing anything underneath it and the guest can kind of see where her nipples are pushing against the fabric. Anyway, the hostess greets him and his wife at the door and hugs his wife and then gives a passionate kiss to the man before inviting them into their kitchen for wine and cheese."

"This sounds kind of familiar, maybe like something that I may have read in my book club. Did you steal this idea from somewhere?" mused Julie.

"Actually, I just heard about something like this that supposedly happened to someone who knows someone who knows someone, etc, etc and I thought it might make an interesting story." Jack replied.

"Go on." Julie said softly as she brushed some errant strands of her long blond hair back from her cheek.

"Well, in the story, the four of them are just standing around the kitchen island drinking their wine and nibbling on the cheese and crackers and visiting when the hostess sort of backs up against the guest and "accidentally" puts her hand behind her with her hand brushing against the front of his slacks. She is startled to find that it feels like he has no underwear on and she can feel the slight outline of his cock head through the fabric."

"So, out of nowhere the hostess just starts feeling him up? Oh my god, is this going to be a dirty story?" Julie asked in feigned shock. "She felt this guy's penis? With her husband right there in the same room?? Why would she do that?"

"It seems that these two have, how should I put it, played a little touchie-feelie before. But, now, emboldened by her brazen move, the guest sets his wine glass down on the counter and brings his arms around the hostess and embraces her with her back to his front."

"Yes?" Julie was starting to show a little more interest.

"And he puts his hands under her sweater and blouse and brings them up to cup her bare breasts under the top. As the four of them stand there, he runs his finger tips just under the areolas and then softly touches the nipples. He feels them immediately becoming erect under his touch. She pushes back into him as she feels what had been a slight suggestion of cock becoming a full blown erection under the fabric of his pants. She presses against him enjoying the feel of the swollen cock against her ass."

"And this is all happening in the kitchen? With her husband and the guys' wife standing there watching? And then what happens?" Julie was incredulous.

"I admit, It sounds pretty unbelievable but then the guest reaches between him and the hostess' ass and unzips his pants right there, freeing his erection from the confines of his slacks. His hard, pink cock presses into her ass as she brings her hand behind her to gently clasp the swollen member. He hugs her tighter letting her know how good it feels with her hand on his erection as she slowly strokes him up and down. So, there they stand, the guest's hands under the hostess' top, rubbing and teasing her nipples and the hostess with her hands hiding behind her with the guest's hard cock in one hand and the other rubbing his thigh."

"What is the husband doing during all this?" Julie asked in a voice that seemed to say 'This isn't at all believable'. She was standing in front of Jack as she spoke, casually leaning against him. "Wayne, what do you think of this story? It sounds rather unbelievable, doesn't it."

"Well, I guess something like that could happen. I remember a story about the wife of a friend of a friend and the things she supposedly would do when he was on business trips, so...." Wayne's voice trailed off as he watched his wife lean back against Jack's front as he spoke.

Jack continued with his story. "The host is not quite sure what to make of it but he's getting aroused watching his wife with their friend." 

"What about the guest's' wife? What is she doing?"

"Nothing in particular. She's just sitting on a bar stool at the island listening and watching her husband and the hostess. Every now and then she glances at the host to see what his reaction is to it all."

"Then what happens?" Julie asked, leaning her head back to look at Jack intently.

"Well, then the hostess suggests that they all retire to the family room and enjoy their wine in front of the fire. The guest tucks his cock back into his pants, moves into the room and sits down on the love seat. The hostess sits down next to him. He runs his hands up under her blouse and massages her back under her top. Every now then he brings his right hand around to cup one of her breasts and tease the stiff nipple. As they sit there together, her left hand is trying to touch the erection she can feel pressing against her thigh. She sits up to take off her sweater and as she does, he lifts her blouse up and over her head at the same time, exposing her firm tummy and pert breasts. She lies back against him as his hands caress her breasts, now proudly displayed to the eyes of her husband and the woman guest, the two of them sitting on the sofa adjacent to the love seat."

"Oh my god! Right there in the family room they're doing this?" Julie couldn't believe this turn in the story. 

"Yes, right there! And then..."

"Yes?" Julie's hand moved behind her as he continued.

"And then, the guest brings his hand down the front of the hostess and reaches up and lifts her skirt above her waist, exposing her red thong panties. His hands move over her smooth thighs in little circles, and with every circle he moves lower and lower on her inner thigh until she is parting her legs, opening her sex to his fingers. His fingers slowly move the crotch of the thong aside, the dark red spot from her arousal juice becoming hidden in the folds alongside her labia. He moves his finger between her now wet and engorged labia, bringing the moisture from her wet cunt over her clit. His left hand is fondling her left breast now as his right hand moves over her sex, his middle finger sliding up and down and up and down and up and over her clit and then down, down until his finger is in her, feeling her soft wetness as her hips arch up to meet his finger. She has turned a bit now and is clenching his rigid cock in her left hand, a clear drop of precum shining on the tip as she tightly strokes him."

"Oh wow...." Julie said as her hand clenched the hardness she was feeling under Jack's pants. "I can't imagine anybody doing that but it sounds kind of hot." She was clenching her legs together as she stood there. "Then what?"

"Then the host, sitting on the sofa, unzips his jeans and takes his cock out and starts stroking it as he watches his wife being pleasured. The guest's wife looks over at him with his shaft protruding from his pants and wraps her left hand around it. When the hostess gets up off the love seat, the husband thinks that the show has ended but, to his surprise, his wife stands and then bends over the end of the loveseat, her hands supporting herself on the back cushion as the guest stands behind her and just eases his shaft into her. Very, very, very slowly, putting just the mushroom head of his erection between her lips, he pushes into her, her engorged wet lips inviting him to push deeper and deeper until his hardness is buried in her. Then he pulls out, her juices on his erection shining in the room's soft light and then he plunges in, harder this time until she is crying out 'Fuck me, fuck me' with every thrust he makes. Her moans of pleasure intensify the sexual tension in the room."

Julie was quiet as Jack continued to describe the action between the hostess and the guest. Surreptitiously, as she stood there she put her left hand down between her legs. Even through her skirt, she needed to feel the touch of her finger on her sex as she listened to the story. "I can't believe anybody would do that. This sounds more like a Penthouse letter or something." She removed her hand from the front of her skirt. "I just can't imagine anyone doing something like that."

Jack agreed. "I know. It sounds quite unrealistic. I can't imagine it either but supposedly it really did happen. " As Jack continued on with the story he ran his hands around the front of Julie's skirt covered thighs and pulled her back against him. She could easily feel a very hard cock pressing against her. Her right hand, trapped between her and a very swollen penis, rubbed the front of his pants. As slyly as she could, she felt for the zipper of his pants and eased it down. Jack's cock pushed into her hand as she moved the fabric aside. 

"Then what happens?" She asked with a little tremor in her voice.

"As he is fucking her, her husband comes over and puts his by now rigid cock in her mouth. She sucks him as the guest's cock slams in and out of her. With her right hand, she reaches down and rubs her clit as she is being fucked. Her fingers are covered with her juices. Suddenly, her body starts to stiffen and she moans loudly as her orgasm sweeps through her, her legs shaking as she continues to suck on her husband's swollen shaft. Soon, the guest begins to moan like a wounded animal as his cum works its way up through his cock and shoots out into her receptive pussy, spurt after spurt. Their legs shaking, the three of them separate."

"What do they do then? " Julie asked impatiently as she rubbed Jack's penis. "Come on, you can't leave me hanging. What do they do next?"

"Then the woman guest gets up off the sofa and approaches the three of them." Jack continued as his fingers, having insinuated themselves under her skirt, caressed the oh-so -wet cleft between Julie's labia. "She was unbuttoning her blouse as she moved near them. She also was wearing no bra and she proudly reveals her breasts, firm and tipped with hard little nubs. Going up to the host, she wraps her fingers around his still erect member, glistening from his wife's juices. She kneels before him, taking him into her mouth. As she swirls her tongue around him and tugs on him with her lips, her left hand is busy loosening the buttons on her tight jeans." Jack continued as the tip of his middle finger found that center of pleasure in Julie's vulva. 

"Unnh...And then?"Julie was squirming on Jack's finger as he continued with the story.

"The woman stands up and quickly sheds her jeans, pulling her panties down easily with them. She sits down on the love seat near where the hostess and guest were recovering from their sexual gymnastics and parts her legs in an invitation to the host. The host immediately gets down on his knees between her outstretched legs and brings his mouth up to her now moist triangle, teasing her sensitive clitoris with his tongue. The muscles in her thighs tense with every movement of his tongue."

As he spoke, Jack's finger danced on Julie's ready to explode clitoris. Wayne was watching intently as his wife's hips jerked under the stimulation of Jack's fingers. Linda's eyes were on the expanding bulge in Wayne's pants and she got up off the barstool and went over to Wayne. "Need a little help with that?" she asked quietly as she unzipped him.

Wayne's shaft was lit by the soft downlights in the kitchen and he looked down as Linda's hand curled around him and began a soft back and forth motion over his penis.

Jack continued "The host moves forward on the carpet and his now rigid cock is perfectly aimed at the guest's open pussy. He braces himself as he slowly slides into her. With every thrust, their heavy breathing fills the air as they grind into each other ." As she listened, Julie moved from Jack's embrace to a barstool to sit and spread her legs. She lifted her skirt high up on her thighs and, in the soft light, the light hair on her vulva adorned her perfectly inviting pussy. With her hands outstretched, she silently invited Jack to come to her, to invade her private sanctuary with his stone hard erection.

Jack continued the story, his words interrupted by his heavy breathing as he sank into Julie's moist warmth. "The host and the guest, unh, displaying their unrestrained lust on the love seat, continue their hot coupling until, unh unh, the host begins pumping feverishly into the moaning guest. " As she listened, Linda's mouth continued to play on Wayne's penis as he listened and watched. "Soon, his moaning is accompanied by that of the woman on the love seat before him, and they both explode into fireballs of pleasure."

Julie was squirming and pushing against Jack's swollen penis. "Oh fucking god." she moaned. 

With his hands on the back of Linda's head, Wayne pumped his hips as his cock filled her mouth. "Oh fuck, I'm going to cum" he cried. Linda kept her mouth on him as she stroked the rod filling her mouth. His cries of pleasure filled the kitchen as he shot his salty sperm into her mouth just as his wife, Julie, was crying out her own pleasure on the thrusting cock of Jack. 

With his hands on her moving buttocks, Jack pulled her onto him repeatedly as she cried out in orgasm, her moans melding with his as he released his tension filled loins, filling Julie with his hot, milky cum.

For a full minute there was no sound in the kitchen save for the sounds of the heavy breathing of the four of them as they caught their breath. The soft music playing in the background filled the void. Finally, out of the silence, Julie asked "And then what happened?" 

The silent kitchen erupted with peals of laughter as the four of them enjoyed the irony of Julie's question.