 A promotion celebration turns public 

"Wow, Amber! You are smok-ing tonight! Does this promotion of yours include a hotline to the fire department? " Justin couldn't help but blurt out this rather frank assessment of his friend's wife's appearance as she stepped into the living room. She was still adjusting her ivory colored, upper thigh length skirt as she walked in front of Justin and his wife, Victoria, seated on the sofa. The fabric clinging to her thighs was topped by a deeply cut blouse of the matching fabric which revealed an enticing amount of cleavage. Through the thin fabric of her skirt and blouse, Justin noticed the dark outline of her thong panties and bra. Although Amber and her husband, Trevor, had been best friends of theirs for years, he held his tongue lest he say something too inappropriate.

"Hey, Justin, I heard that!" Trevor called out from the bedroom with a laugh. 

"Well, I have to concur, Trevor." Victoria replied loud enough for him to hear. "Amber is looking awfully damn sexy." 

"Well, you're not doing so badly yourself, Victoria." Amber said as she surveyed Victoria sitting alongside Justin. "God, I love that top!"

Victoria looked down at her blouse, with its soft, flowing, dark blue, satin fabric supported by her very firm breasts. A hint of nipple tented the fabric on each side of her inviting cleavage. Her thighs, displayed below the hem of her white mini skirt, showed the fine tone that was the result of her serious bicycling regimen. 

"Oh, Amber!" Victoria said in a moment of embarrassment. "I've had this blouse for years. I just never have a good reason to wear it." She said as she gave a faux glare at her husband. "I guess you're going to have to have more promotions to celebrate." 

Justin chuckled as he turned to his wife. "If I had realized that you looked that hot in it I would have found some other good reason for you to wear it."

Trevor walked into the living room carrying his shoes in his hand. Sitting down in the occasional chair, he slipped the loafers on while looking over at Victoria. "Justin, you know you probably can get arrested for having someone that hot looking next to you." Victoria reached over from the sofa and patted Trevor's thigh.

"And you could get arrested for that kind of flattery, mister. But, go ahead, I can take it." She laughed as she squeezed Trevor's upper leg.

"I'm serious, Victoria. You are, well, I better leave it at that..." he said, looking up at Amber. She was looking at her husband with bemusement.

"Aren't you the horny little toad!" Amber said with a laugh. "Something tells me that this is going to be an interesting evening, folks."

"Well," Trevor replied "what better time than now, with the kids over at your parent's place for the weekend and the house all to ourselves. " 

"I know what you mean, Trevor." Victoria said. '"We feel like teenagers with our little one with my sister-for the whole evening." She rolled her eyes in mock disbelief at their good fortune.

As Trevor finished putting his shoes on, Justin rose from the sofa and asked "Well, are we ready to go?"

"Let the fun times roll." Trevor replied as they headed to the door. The four of them exited the home and walked out to Justin's Lexus SUV. Justin held the door open for Amber to enter the seat behind him. As she climbed in, she took his hand to steady herself. Her thin skirt rode up high enough on her thigh that Justin was able to catch a glimpse of that black thong that was hinted at in the living room. Meanwhile, Trevor had opened the front door for Victoria and, as she twisted to climb in, her left breast was partially exposed. He could see no nipple but he knew that it was that close to the edge of the fabric. Relishing the quick glimpse, he climbed into the back seat with his wife.

As Justin backed out of their driveway, Trevor reached across to his wife and ran his hand over her exposed thigh, letting his fingers slip tentatively toward her thong covered center. Amber glanced at him and gently took his hand and replaced it atop her thigh with a pat. Trevor grinned as Amber gave a little smile.

From the front seat Justin said "We have never eaten at 'Driscoll's On The Lake' before. It's supposed to be really good. Have either of you ever eaten there?" 

"Only once and that was years ago. I remember that it was excellent but pricey. And I loved the ambiance, dark and intimate." Amber replied from the back seat.

"Oooooo, intimate. I like that!" Trevor said. 

"My God, Trevor! Hey, I warned you two that I have a horny husband here." Amber laughingly apologized.

As they entered the restaurant, Justin gave his name to the hostess. She immediately led the four of them to a very private booth near the rear of the restaurant. He was glad to see that it was far from the kitchen and other traffic. They could have a nice, quiet dinner, he thought. The horseshoe shaped booth with its rich, maroon, button-tuck leather , had a high back and provided plenty of private space for the two couples. The white, linen cloth adorning the candlelit table hung low, brushing on their laps as they eased into the booth. The two women sat in the middle between their husbands.

"Is there a special cocktail or wine that I can get you?" the waiter asked as he brought four glasses of water to the table. 

"Yes, thanks. Bourbon neat for me and, what, Honey, a vodka gimlet?" Trevor asked, looking at Amber.

"Yes, please. Grey Goose."

"Certainly, Madam. And for you two?"

"I'm the sweet girl in the crowd." Victoria said, laughing. "I'll have a daiquiri."

"And you, sir?"

"Seven seven." Justin replied.

As the waiter walked away, Justin laughed as he said "Hey, Trevor, you know if we ply these two with enough liquor maybe we can get lucky tonight!" 

Putting his hand on Amber's exposed thigh, Trevor gave her a quick kiss. "God, Justin, I don't know if I can wait until we get home."

Amber took Trevor's hand, hidden beneath the tablecloth, and slid it onto her inner thigh. Encouraged by her movement, Trevor moved his hand closer and closer to Amber's warm cleft, covered by her satiny smooth thong. She gave an almost imperceptible jump as his fingers lightly touched her cunt. She had shaven earlier and the feel of his fingers on her smooth vulva was exquisite. Slowly and lightly Trevor ran his middle finger over the fabric, up and down between her lips. Almost immediately he could feel the fabric becoming damp under his teasing finger. Her thigh pressed against his as she arched her hips slightly. Victoria, noticing the little movements in the woman next to her, leaned toward her and whispered "Amber, is Trevor fingering you?" Amber said nothing but nodded her head. "Oh my God, that's hot," Victoria said quietly as her hand went under the tablecloth and rested on Amber's other tense upper thigh. She could feel the small movements in Amber's body as Trevor's hand moved over her pussy.

"Here we are." The waiter said as he arrived with four drinks on a tray. As he placed the glasses before each of them, Trevor brought his right hand back up onto the table at about the same time as Victoria brought her left hand up. The four of them grasped their drinks and raised them together as a toast to Amber's promotion. 

"Congratulations , Amber! Here's to the smartest accountant I know." said Justin. The four touched their glasses together and took a drink. 

"Thank you, Justin." Turning to Trevor she added with a grin, "And here's to the man with wondrous fingers."

Across the table, Justin looked quizzically at Victoria. "What's with the fingers?" he asked.

Victoria leaned into Justin and said quietly in his ear "Trevor was fingering her when the waiter arrived with the drinks!" Trevor's eyebrows went up in surprise and he pursed his lips as he looked at Trevor and Amber. Amber grinned at him. 

Leaning across the table, Justin shook his finger at Amber. "Oh, you naughty, naughty girl, you." he said, with a grin. He was finishing his words when he suddenly felt his own wife's hand on his thigh. The mental image of Trevor, sitting across from him, fingering his wife under the table and brushing against that luscious thong, combined with the feel of his wife's hand on his leg, immediately caused an erection to erupt in Justin's slacks. Victoria's hand crept over his thigh onto a very swollen appendage beneath the fabric. Slowly squeezing the hardness, she felt his cock do a slight jump under her fingers.

"Uh, Uh, hands on the table, folks." Trevor kiddingly chided Victoria as he took a sip from his drink. As the four friends kidded back and forth, they continued to enjoy their drinks. The talk gradually came back and circled around the subject of sex. Amber was the first to broach it candidly.

"I tell you, the kids can surely put a cramp in one's love life. It seems like one of us will just get a little bit fired up when one of the kids will come bounding in wanting to know if Cookie Monster is really a monster because 'he seems really nice.' Or, Trevor will come out of the shower with that beautiful penis of his all ready for action and we'll hear the kids fighting or fussing about something. Grrrrrhh!" She growled in mock aggravation.

"I know what you mean." Victoria offered. I'll be all hot and bothered to do something when Bobby will come running to tell me that he's pooped. Nothing kills the moment quicker than that." She laughed.

"Well, ladies and gentleman," Trevor intoned "tonight we have nothing to interrupt or spoil the mood so, drink up, eat up and ... whatever! The fact is, I think I like the whatever best." he finished with a grin. 

Leaning forward and looking back and forth between Trevor and Justin, Victoria said in a conspiratorial whisper, "You know, I have an interesting 'whatever.'"

"And that would be....what?" Trevor asked warily.

"'Whatever' would be- let's see which of you two can get Amber and me off the quickest."

"The quickest? Uhhh,where?" Justin asked nervously.

"Right here, under the table." Victoria replied. "We both know you two are horny as hell. The tablecloth gives us privacy and, until we order dinner, we're pretty safe from the waiter bothering us." 

"Ooo, fuck." groaned Trevor. "You're killing me here. Let me get this straight-you want us to get you off, right here, by fingering you under the table. And whoever cums first does what? Buys everyone else a drink? What if neither of you cum?"

Glancing at Victoria with a grin, Amber said "I don't think that will be a problem. 

"I Love it!" said Victoria. "I'll gladly buy drinks."

"Wait a minute, dear friend, how do you know it won't be me buying drinks?" Amber asked good-naturedly.

"Oooo, someone didn't wait for the starting gun." Amber said as she wriggled her hips on the leather cushion. The feel of Trevor's fingers between her legs was sending small shivers of pleasure through her body. Amber could feel her friend moving her hips as she sat alongside her. Justin didn't hesitate in joining in the under table fun. His hand moved along the inside of Victoria's thighs toward her moist triangle. He slipped his middle finger under the damp fabric of her thong and was greeted with her smooth, wet labia. She let out a small groan as he moved his finger up and down her wet slit reaching, but not quite touching, her eager clit. He could feel her moving her hips down in an attempt to have that sweet button caressed. 

As his fingers worked on his wife's eager pussy, Trevor looked over at Victoria. Her mouth was open and her eyes partially shut as Justin's fingers worked their magic on her. He felt his cock thicken even more as the thrill of stimulating his wife in a public restaurant and watching his friend's wife enjoy sexual pleasure stimulated him. Justin was either tonguing Victoria's ear or whispering something to her but whatever it was he was doing, it was resulting in something terribly arousing for Victoria. He could see her mouth move into an O. Her magnificent breasts, the smooth, pink skin highlighted by the dark blue of her blouse, were heaving with her heavy breathing. Her firm nipples pushed hard against the fabric as she thrust her chest out. Trevor, fully aroused now, had slipped his finger under his wife's panties and onto her clit and was rubbing, rubbing, rubbing it in exceedingly closer circles. Amber was biting her index finger between her teeth to keep from crying out as she struggled to maintain some semblance of control. But, alas, control was a forgotten virtue for her and, as Trevor suddenly pinched her clit and slid it between his fingers, she let out an involuntary gasp and moan as her body began shaking with her orgasm. The movement of Amber's convulsing body next to her pushed Victoria over the edge just as the speed of Justin's fingers increased to an unbearable point and her pleasure washed over her at almost the same moment.

Both men slowed their digital manipulation of their wives' pussies as the women's muscles slowly eased from their tension and their breathing returned to a more normal rate. "Oh my fucking God!" Amber breathed in a barely audible voice.

"I know! God, that was so fucking strong!" Victoria added. "Oh, wow. I can't believe we did that!" she said with a giggle. The two women moved their hands under the table to their husbands' laps. "My God, Amber, is Trevor as hard as this guy is?"

"I don't know how hard Justin is but, oooo, from the feel of Trevor, I think these two enjoyed that." They all laughed. Just then, the waiter turned the corner and approached them. They brought their hands onto the table top. 

"Have you had a chance to look over the menu? If you are undecided, might I suggest the salmon quisse. It is absolutely wonderful. Or if you prefer a meat dish, I have had diners this evening say lovely things about the beef en brochette-very, very tender with exquisite flavor. 

As the four of them finished ordering their entrees, the two women looked at each other. Victoria spoke first. "We'll have another round of drinks, also. On me."

"In that case, since it was a tie, I'll have to catch the next round." Amber said looking at Victoria. She leaned into Victoria and whispered in her ear. Turning to look at Justin and Trevor, she said "Excuse us, guys, but we have to go to the powder room." Trevor and Justin slid out of the booth to let the two women pass.

As soon as the women were out of range, Trevor leaned over the table toward Justin. "Can you believe that?! God! I was ready to fuck Amber right here regardless of who was looking. Wow. I couldn't believe our wives had that in them."

Justin nodded in agreement. 'I thought I was going to cum right here. That was fucking hot. I guess the girls still have it in them to surprise us."

As Justin and Trevor took sips of their refilled drinks, the two women arrived back at the table. They stood in front of the table waiting for their husbands to slide out. As Trevor stood up to let Amber in, Victoria instead slipped past him into the booth. Amber did the same to Justin. The men looked at each other and shrugged. Trevor sat back down and, as he did so, Victoria said "Oh, Trevor, would you be a dear and hold onto something for me for a minute?" and handed him something she held in her fist. Trevor opened his hand to receive it and was shocked to find that it was a pair of dainty, red panties. He looked at Victoria who sat there grinning. Trevor glanced at Amber who had a big smile on her face also.

"Maybe you can hold onto these for me, Justin." Amber said as she handed him a small, soft, black ball of fabric. That sexy little thong that he had spied earlier as Amber was getting into the car, now rested in his palm. He looked from the fabric to Amber to the fabric to Amber.

"Ooo, ooo. Now, this is really, really interesting, Amber." he said as he closed the fabric in his hand.

She looked at him and dropped her hand to his lap. "Victoria and I thought that maybe you two might like this." Both women had smiles on their faces. Amber moved her hand across the front of Justin's slacks until she felt his burgeoning penis below her fingers. "Oh, my, I think Justin likes this, Victoria." She grinned as she looked at her friend. "Of course, Trevor probably won't like it, will you dear?"

Victoria's hand was already in Trevor's lap, rubbing on the delicious hardness she found there. "Oh, Amber! It seems he does!" She said with a laugh as she twisted her frame toward Trevor. As she moved, her blouse gaped open. She had unbuttoned an extra button while in the powder room and had removed her flimsy bra. Trevor plainly could see the dark area of her areola surrounding a very erect nipple. He gasped as her fingers massaged his cock through his pants and then jumped as he felt her unzip his fly. He couldn't believe this! Here was his best friend's wife rubbing his cock in a restaurant while his wife was doing the same to his friend across from him.

"Oh, shit." Trevor said softly as Victoria's fingers crept inside his boxer shorts to grasp his now rock hard, bare penis. The feeling of her fingers directly on the flesh of his shaft was exquisite. 

She leaned against him, giving him an even better view of her breasts and whispered in his ear "I'm going to make you fucking cum, Trevor." The way she said 'fucking' almost took his breath away. As she spoke, she reached with her right hand to grasp a napkin which she quickly brought under the tablecloth. Justin could see his wife's body move slightly as she stroked his friend's erection under the table. He watched as Trevor's head tilted back slightly. His lips opened as if he were having trouble breathing and then his body jumped once, twice, three times. Justin was sure the movements signaled that his friend had just cum in his wife's hand. That knowledge, coupled with the sensation of Amber's fingers on his own cock exposed beneath the tablecloth, forced an eruption of his hot semen into the stimulating palm of Amber. His cries of release were muffled as Amber leaned in and kissed him on the lips, brushing the firm nubs of her nipples against his arm.

Both women were giggling as their hands moved beneath the table, wiping the sticky, milky fluid from their fingers onto the napkins. Tucking the rapidly shrinking penises of the men back into their pants and closing the zippers, they brought their hands up from under the table. "We're going to need new napkins, Victoria." Amber said laughing. 

"I know! What is this ...stuff...all over these napkins? I think something must have spilled under the table." Victoria said accusingly as she looked at Trevor. "Did you spill something, Trevor?" She asked sternly.

As the waiter arrived to take their orders, Amber, smiling sweetly at the waiter, said "Could we bother you for a couple of new napkins? We seem to have spilled something."

"Of course, Madame. Right away. Is there anything you would like me to clean up?"

Giggling, Amber replied "No, we managed fine, thank you."

"Jesus, you two, did you take some anti-inhibition medication or something? Not that I'm complaining, mind you." Trevor said with a chuckle. "This makes me think that, with the kids gone tonight, maybe the four of us could, uh, have dessert at home tonight?"

"You're thinking maybe something... hot, sticky?" Victoria offered.

"Something along those lines, Victoria. Maybe as topping for something warm and gooey." Trevor replied.

"Oh! I know! Like a cinnamon roll?" Amber interjected. 

"You're so cute, Amber. So cute." Justin replied as he winked at her. "Trevor, your wife must be quite the baker with her knowledge of hot and sticky and all." 

"Yes. She is an excellent baker. Fact is, she might even make some of the warm and gooey for you when we get home?" Trevor asked of his wife as she sat next to his friend.

