 The dinner party was winding down. Almost everyone had left. Chris, the lone remaining guest been helping out in the kitchen, loading the last of the dishes into the dishwasher. Chris was a work acquaintance of my wife Judy. Judy had excused herself and gone to the restroom while Chris and I tended to the kitchen. As I cleared the table, I noted there was a little wine left in the bottle and asked Chris if he'd like a little more. He shrugged "sure, why not."

After we finished the last of the dishes, we moved from the kitchen to the living room. He and I both sat down on the couch. I had never met him before tonight, but Judy had mentioned him a number of times. Meeting him tonight, I now understood why. He was a handsome man with slightly olive skin, maybe Italian or Greek. He was very slim and tall with dark brown hair, probably in his mid thirties. I imagined that he caught the eye of many women. I asked him about his job – casual stuff, how he liked it, how long he'd been there, that sort of thing. He was easy to talk to - confident, yet not cocky. He was one of those people who you immediately liked. 

Judy walked back into the room and walked toward us. She was wearing a short pleated skirt that accentuated her long legs. Judy was in her forties, but looked ten years younger. She carried herself in a way that turned heads. She also had a great personality that almost every guy who met her loved. I always enjoyed the way other men flirted with her – I suppose it fed my ego to think that other men wanted what I had.

She came over and sat between us on the couch. As she sat down, her skirt slipped slightly up her thigh. It was enough to be sexy, but not too overt. We talked about some of the departed guest, mostly work acquaintances of Judy and Chris. My eyes strayed to Judy's sexy legs fairly frequently during the conversation. I noticed that Chris' did as well. She was aware of the distraction to both of us. She looked at Chris for a moment, turned her head and looked at me. She continued looking at me, slowly moving her tongue across her lips and smiling. I got a little excited, hoping Chris would be gone soon and we would be alone. 

She nonchalantly slid her hand around mine and gently moved it over until it was slightly touching her leg. I ran my fingers across her thigh a little below the hem of her skirt, hoping to not be too obvious – she purred like a kitten. I was a little surprised that she had done this in front of Chris, but not as surprised by what she did next. She gently picked up Chris' hand and place it on her other thigh, never taking her eyes off of mine. She was watching to see my expression, as if to ask "was this ok?" I simply smiled. She laid her head back on the couch and closed her eyes.

I looked over at Chris – he had that same questioning look on his face. I smiled and shrugged. I gently ran my fingers up and down her thigh, moving further up and more to the inner thigh. I slid her skirt up slightly. With each cycle, I moved closer her pussy and I could feel her warmth. Chris was doing exactly the same on the other side. I could feel her tremble each time one of us would get close. Watching his fingers slide up Judy's thigh and disappear under her skirt was an absolute turn on to me. I could feel my cock getting harder with each second. 

I slipped her skirt up far enough to expose her black lace panties. I slowly ran my fingers over her pussy through the panties – she started to moan. Chris immediately followed suit. With my other hand I gently traced the curve of her bra from her shoulder down to her nipple. I circled her nipple slowly with a slight flicking motion. As I looked down, I could see Chris sliding her panties to the side and slipping his finger into to her wet pussy. He slid in easily - I could tell she was very wet. She shuttered, tensed and let out a whimper followed by a soft moan. 

I began running my finger in a circular motion around her clit, meanwhile Chris was sliding his finger in and out. I could hear her moisture which each stroke of his finger. With my other hand I unbuttoned her blouse and pulled her bra down, exposing her breast. I put my mouth on her nipple and alternated between sucking and flicking her hard nipple with my tongue. Her breathing was becoming more rapid and her body tensing. I looked down to see that Chris now had two fingers in her and was fucking her harder. As she breathed harder and faster she started saying "oh yes, fuck me, yes fuck me". She grabbed my hair and pulled my mouth tightly onto her breast as she started to tremble and shake. She screamed as she had a violent orgasm. 

As she lay there catching her breath, I noticed that she was running her fingers over Chris' crotch. He began moving his pelvis to meet her hand. She squeezed his cock through his pants. I could see its shape through his slacks. It looked large. Judy focused all her attention to Chris, continuing to squeeze his cock while undoing his belt and zipper. She slid her hand under the waistband of his boxers and pulled his cock out into the open. It stood straight up like a missile ready to launch. Judy wrapped her hands around and let out a long sigh. He was probably about eight inches and very big around. She slowly stroked up and down its length, her fingers not able to reach around its entirety. I sat in awe watching my wife stroking another man's cock. A small drop of pre-cum formed at the head of his cock. With her other hand, she slowly spread to pre-cum over the rest of his cockhead. I was mesmerized as I watch her continue to squeeze and stroke his huge cock. I pulled my eyes off of his big cock and looked up at Chris' face. He was looking directly at me. He had obviously seen how intently I had been watching. I was a little embarrassed. He smiled slightly "Would you like to see your wife suck my dick?" I had a huge lump in my throat and my heart was pounding. I heard myself say "yes" and I heard Judy sigh.

Chris kicked off his shoes and stood up, letting his trousers fall to the floor, then slid his boxers off. Seeing him standing without the confines of his boxers, made it look even bigger. It looked like a perfect cock – it was long and straight and stood straight up like a soldier at attention. With Judy still sitting on the couch, he straddled her and knelt with his legs on each side of hers and his cock directly in front of her face. She reached out and slowly guided it toward her mouth. I held my breath as she licked the head of his swollen cock. She licked it from the base of his cock all the way to the tip it repeatedly, almost like a large lollipop. He moaned with each pass of her tongue. After about a minute, she slowly pulled it into to her mouth. Her mouth strained to contain the girth of his massive cock, but I could tell that she loved every inch. Judy pulled his cock from her mouth and again licked his shaft providing lubrication as she stroked his length with her hand. Judy looked up as he stood over her "I want you to fuck my mouth." Chris held her head firmly as he took control and began pumping his cock into her mouth. She was struggling to keep from gagging, but offered no resistance to his control. He questioned her -"you like sucking that big cock, don't you?" She just moaned. I was almost dizzy watching my wife getting her mouth fucked by this Adonis. 

As she continued to suck, I slid my fingers into her wet pussy – she was soaked. With my fingers inside her, I used my thumb to work her clit in a circular motion. In just a few moments she was cuming again. As she came, she pulled his cock from her mouth and continued to stroke his cock with her right hand. His cock was wet with her saliva and glistened in the light. I couldn't help but stared as she pumped his beautiful cock. With her left hand she grabbed my hair and pulled my mouth to hers and kissed me passionately. I could taste his cock in her mouth. I pulled her mouth harder against mine, returning her passionate kiss. We continued to kiss as she pumped his cock. Suddenly, she guided his cock in between our mouths. I hesitated for a moment, but she still held hair tightly. I felt a wave of submission run over me, as I opened my mouth and ran my tongue along the shaft of his cock. He pushed his cock between our faces, with each of us running our mouths and tongues along his shaft. After a few moments, she guided his cock directly into my mouth. 

It wasn't long until Chris took control. He held my head and began pumping his cock into my mouth just as he had done with Judy. I started to gag, he paused for a moment and then slowly shoved it in again. He seemed to know exactly how far he could force his cock into my mouth. He was absolutely in control. I was in disbelief – I was sucking a man's cock. With each stroke of his huge cock in mouth, I felt more and more submissive. 

As he was fucking my mouth, Judy was watching, masturbating and whispering in my ear "I love to see you sucking that cock, I want him to cum in your mouth, I want you to swallow his cum." He continued pumping his hard cock into my mouth, his hands pulling my face into his crotch with each stroke. I could smell his musty scent. I had moved my hand onto his cock to keep him from shoving his full length into my mouth and I was now stroking his cock to match the rhythm of his thrusts. 

Slowly the tempo of his trusts began to quicken and he pumped deeper into my throat. I could barely contain my gag reflex, but now, I wanted it - I wanted to taste his cum in my mouth. With my free hand, I reached between his legs, grabbed his firm ass, I pulled his cock deeper into my throat. Judy was now stroking my cock as she masturbated herself, still whispering in my ear "suck that cock, take it deep, I want to see him cum in your mouth." He was now pumping faster and breathing harder. Suddenly, he jerked my head hard against his crotch forcing his cock almost completely down my throat. I was fighting to not gag and I could barely breathe. I tried to pull my head away from his crotch, but he held my head tightly and continued to pump until I felt a warm gush in my throat. I felt like I was choking and tears were forming in my eyes. His cum filled my mouth and surrounded his massive cock. It was salty and thick. I struggled to swallow most of his cum. He held his cock in my mouth for what seemed like forever as he continued to spasm and jerk, then finally let out a sigh and pulled his cock out slowly. He left the head of his cock in my mouth and milked the last bit of his cum onto my tongue and then rubbed his cum smeared cock over my lips and onto my face. He gently slapped his still semi-erect cock on my cheek, looked down at me and smiled "I want to fuck your wife". I simply nodded.