 Mark and Alison had been invited over dinner at the weekend by their friends Ann and Simon and tantalisingly been promised a meal which would be a special treat for the two of them. The way it had been put to them had sounded a little strange but very intriguing so they had no idea what to expect when they arrived eager with anticipation in on a cool early summer evening.

Ann opened the door, looking stunning in a very diaphanous semi transparent evening dress showing off her obvious sexy black lacy underwear beneath. Mark could not help looking up and down her lithe body appreciatively as she stood silhouetted in the doorway by the pale light behind her. Simon appeared over her shoulder looking very smart and formally dressed in an expensively cut and very handsome black dinner jacket.

Ann and Simon invited them into the house and offered them a drink in front of a warm open fire. Alison asked what they had cooked but they both just smiled Ann saying "Nothing much but we think you will enjoy it all the same, and I think we will too". 

They had another drink comfortable in the familiar company of their two closest friends and were then ushered through into the dining room. As Simon and Ann had promised there were only two places laid opposite each other on a large solid oak table. The two places looking lost on the large expanse of dark oak. Surprised, Alison and Mark asked what was happening. Simon said that they were going to be treated for the meals they had been cooked and that since this was now their turn they would wait on Mark and Alison hand and foot, not only cooking for them but also serving their food as well.

They urged them to sit down which they did a little self consciously, but with topped up glasses they soon began to enjoy the situation and settle into their role as valued customers while Ann and Simon retreated into the kitchen and started on the food.

The first to arrive with a flamboyant gesture were two plates of freshly opened juicy oysters, smelling wonderfully of the sea with subtle rich musky undertones. They had a succulent sweet fresh taste as they slid creamily onto Mark and Alison's tongues. 

While Mark and Alison were enjoying the oysters Ann offered to help Mark with one and asking him to tilt his head back as she let the delicate morsel slide off the shell over his tongue and silkily into his waiting mouth. At the same time Simon offered to do the same for Alison cupping the back of her head in his hand as he let the sweet juicy flesh slip between her lips into her mouth from the pearly shell, obviously flirting with her just as much as Ann was doing with Mark. Simon and Ann clearly found the oysters just as erotic as Mark and Alison always had and seemed to enjoy the close contact with their guests as they fed them each sensual morsel.

The oysters were soon finished, Mark and Alison enjoying both the wonderful oysters and the close attentions of Ann and Simon once they had relaxed and overcome the slightly uncomfortable feeling of such close proximity. The waiter and waitress disappeared into the kitchen leaving Mark and Alison to wonder what was going on. The evening was hardly what they expected and both could sense the highly charged erotic atmosphere. They were definitely enjoying themselves though and by mutual assent they agreed to sit back and enjoy the next course, whatever it was they were being offered.

After some giggling in the kitchen Ann and Simon both reappeared. This time though there were carrying plates supporting small glass dishes of caviar with small mother of pearl spoons. What was even more striking though, was that Simon had taken off his shirt and trousers and was now only dressed in his dinner jacket and small tight white briefs while Ann had shed her dress and was only wearing her black but very transparent lacy underwear with the obligatory black stockings and high heels. 

Ann and Simon were both giggling infectiously, so although Mark and Alison were both totally surprised and a little taken aback, they both laughed when Ann said "We thought you would enjoy some erotic clothes to go with your erotic food! We thought you might find it fun! Would you like some caviar?" 

Surprised but happy to play along Mark and Alison let Ann and Simon feed them from the small delicate spoons. Mark could not help looking at Ann's body beneath the revealing lace. Looking up he could see her plump breasts pushed up and seemingly precariously supported by the delicate lace of a flimsy transparent corset. The thin material only just covering the soft coral pink of her pert, cheeky nipples. Sitting down Mark's eyes were almost in line with Ann's waist and he could not help noticing the wisps of soft dark curly hair pressing against the transparent window of lace framing the dark "V" of Ann's rounded mound. Turning his head to accept another spoon of caviar sensuously placed on his tongue Mark looked at Alison licking caviar from the spoon in Simon's hand. Her eyes, level with Simon's hips, taking in the contours of his thick, meaty looking cock and heavy balls hardly hidden by the very thin and tightly stretched material of his little white pants. Mark thought he saw Simon's cock swell slightly as he felt Alison's eyes inches from his sensitive flesh. 

In turn Mark felt his own cock begin to stir, stiffening gently against the restraining material of his underwear and trousers. He was not yet uncomfortably hard though and was determined to maintain control, despite starting to feel himself begin to lose the battle to overcome his instincts. This only became hared when Ann reached out towards him and he thought he could just smell a hint of the heady aroma of musky female excitement. To regain as much control as possible he looked away at Alison, who caught his eye and smiled acceptingly as they both acknowledged each other's enjoyment of the situation and gave their tacit approval to continue.

Slipping another spoon of caviar into Mark's mouth Ann said "I have heard the best way to taste caviar is to lick it off the breast of a beautiful woman. Would you like to try Mark?"

Not knowing exactly what Ann was suggesting but having a pretty good idea Mark looked at Alison questioningly. She shrugged her shoulders and nodded hesitantly so Mark looked back up at Ann. "OK", he said uncertainly with a drying mouth.

Ann took a step back and lifted her hands to her top to slowly and sensuously peel down the flimsy material covering her breasts. Mark watched intently as she exposed her firm rounded tits to his gaze, her nipples stiffening slightly in the cool air as she slowly and very deliberately she took a small spoonful of the black caviar and moved back towards him. 

Cupping the soft creamy flesh of one breast in her hand she carefully anointed one tightening nipple with the dark tangy pearls of caviar before leaning forward and bending down to present herself to Mark's open mouth. He licked open mouthed at the caviar, removing it slowly from her soft skin, savouring the taste of her body as well as the caviar and enjoying the contrast of textures before tacking her fully erect nipple into his mouth, sucking her taut flesh into his mouth to remove the very last traces of the exotic food, then running his tongue over her sensitive tightening nipple taste her too. 

Ann pulled herself reluctantly from his mouth and very deliberately spooned more caviar onto her other nipple to let him repeat the process until both her nipples were taut with pleasure, engorged and excitingly erect.

As Mark was sucking on her nipple Ann looked over to Alison and asked if she would like to try too. Unsure of what to say Alison hesitated but Mark looked up at Alison and told her to try it, saying that he was sure she would enjoy it then telling Ann to go and offer Alison the same treat. Obediently Ann walked around the table to stand beside Alison, her plump rounded breasts swaying rhythmically and extremely erotically as she moved. 

Repeating the same process that she had with Mark, Ann cupped her breast and lifted her taut nipple to spoon a small mound of caviar onto her ripe flesh. I saw Simon watching intently as Ann lowered herself towards Alison's waiting mouth. 

Alison waited nervously then slowly opened her mouth and put out her tongue as Ann bent towards her, closing her eyes uncertainly as Ann's body moved closer. Ann deliberately moved herself so that the little mound of caviar brushed Alison's tongue and she was able to lick it from her body without opening her eyes. At first Alison savoured the caviar without touching Ann's skin but as she licked the small tasty buds from her body her tongue started to brush tip of Ann's nipple. Sensing this Ann moved closer to Alison's face so that her soft flesh pressed against her lips and tongue almost forcing Alison to lick her nipple clean and then suck on as it she pressed the swollen point between her lips and into her open mouth. Still with her eyes shut Alison sucked hard on Ann's taut nipple and ran her tongue over its crinkled tip forcing a drawn out "MMMMmmmmm" to escape from Ann's lips.

Again Ann repeated the process with her other breast, this time Alison opened her eyes and relished licking the delicate morsels of caviar from Ann's nipple and then began to suck eagerly on her succulent nipple to remove the last vestiges of taste, obviously enjoying Ann's engorged nipple too this time.

Ann pulled herself reluctantly from Alison's mouth and said "Would you like to try another way to enjoy caviar?"

Without giving Alison time to respond she reached out and took hold of Simon's hand, pulling him towards her. Dragging my eyes away from Ann's breasts and the obvious look of excitement in Alison's heavily lidded eyes I saw that Simon's cock had reacted instantly to the sight of the Alison sucking Ann's nipples, just like mine, and now his big thick shaft was engorged and thrusting eagerly well above the waistband of his tight pants. His foreskin drawn back tightly from the ripe swollen head with the wetness of his obvious excitement glistening on the dark velvety tip of his proudly erect sex. 

Lining Simon up directly in front of Alison's face Ann eased Simon's cock from the confines of his tight white pants so that the waistband caught at the base of his engorged shaft to rest on his balls. 

Mark watched Alison intently as her eyes followed Ann's hands exposing Simon's thick curving cock and hold it firmly, her fingers looking small and delicate as they wrapped around his angry straining flesh, struggling to wrap all the way around the thickness of his excitement. 

She carefully pulled his foreskin right back making the engorged head of his cock swell and bulge even more angrily then she gently a small mound of dark caviar bubbles on his smooth sensitive head. As she finished she one hand tightly wrapped around his tumescent shaft and pulling gently lead his cock towards Alison's mouth. In turn Alison looked entranced at the sight of Simon's lovely hard cock being prepared for her. 

Ann gently put a hand behind so that she could guide Simon's cock towards Alison's mouth. As it approached her face Alison put out her tongue and began to taste hesitantly than lick at the soft grains of caviar clinging enticingly to Simon's hot straining sex. Licking harder she cleaned every last piece of the caviar from the tip of Simon's cock to leave him wet and glistening before tasting the musky juice of excitement running from him and mixing with the subtle caviar taste. 

Despite the fact that his cock had no more caviar left on it Alison kept licking him slowly and sensuously obviously enjoying him, then took him deep between her lips, sliding his cock into her mouth to suck on his gorgeous swollen flesh. Simon moaned loudly and leaned back, closing his eyes as he lifted his hips towards Alison's wonderful mouth while she in turn closed her hand around Ann's, joining hands at the base of his cock to draw him deeper into her eager mouth. 

Mark watched his beautiful wife in fascination, the sight of Alison's delicate little mouth stretched around the shaft of Simon's big thick angry cock, exciting him even more and making his own cock throb with lust and excitement against the restraining material of his pants and trousers. He wanted desperately to swap places with Simon as he watched Ann kneel to slide Simon's pants down to his ankles and reach between his thighs from behind to cup his balls as Alison carried on sucking and licking his thick curving prick.

Simon knew he could not last for long in Alison's mouth, she was working wonders on his sensitive flesh and he already envied Mark for his luck in finding somebody who obviously enjoyed doing such wonderful things with her mouth. Desperately as he wanted to come in her mouth but he and Ann had other plans so he reluctantly pulled himself from beautiful lips and energetic tongue.

Easing his aching cock from her soft lips he took Ann's hand in his, lifting her to her feet and leading her away and back to the kitchen, his wet upright cock bouncing proudly as he walked away.

Mark and Alison looked at each other, both intensely excited by what had happened but both a little unsure of what to say to each other. "Are you OK?" Mark asked. "Do you want to go on with this?" 

Before Alison could reply Simon and Ann reappeared, this time Ann carrying a tray with a bottle on it and Simon with a couple of bowls and serving spoons. Simon had taken his jacket off but it was not until he put bowls down next to Alison that they realised that he was now totally naked and although not as hard as when he left the room. His meaty cock was still swollen and glistening though, resting heavily on his tight looking balls and swaying sensuously as he moved. Ann was still wearing the lacy basque and stockings but had not replaced the delicate lace of the top letting her gorgeous tits spill out over the top of the flimsy corset. It was only when she put the tray down that Mark saw she had now taken off the lacy knickers and could now clearly see her neatly trimmed bush and the finely chiselled cleft of her slit as she stood in front of him.

"We are going to skip the main course so you can have a choice of dessert" Ann said. "Alison you have the choice of ice cream and warm fruit sauce or warm chocolate sauce, and Mark you have the choice of banana and cream or cognac and a cigar. What will it be?"

Alison looked hesitantly at Mark then chose the ice cream and chocolate while Mark chose the cognac and cigar. With the decision made both Ann and Simon arranged the items they had brought in and then asked Mark and Alison to move their chairs back from thetable.

As they did so Simon and Ann both sat on the edge table in front of their guests, facing towards them but with their backs to each other. Ann was now directly in front of Mark and Simon in front of Alison. Sat like this Simon's cock was immediately in front of Alison's face and was very obviously beginning to grow fully erect once again as he anticipated the excitement to come. 

Simon lay back and reached to his side to spoon a big dollop of thick rich ice cream onto the tip of his cock and then another onto his balls making sure that he dribbled plenty of the cold sticky cream onto the thick curving shaft of his cock. Then he followed this with several spoons of warm melted chocolate, which pooled in hollows alongside the cream and ran down over his cock and onto his heavy swollen balls. Each spoonful of the alternatively hot and cold sensations further exciting his cock deliciously and making it swell even more in front of Alison's eyes. 

He finished and leaned back telling Alison to enjoy her dessert. She bent her head down and started to lick him clean, alternating between the rich cream and chocolate and the tasty hard flesh of his cock. 

Ann and Mark watched with increasing excitement, but Ann's legs slowly opening right in front of his face brought Mark's attention right back to her. With her thighs apart and Mark's face inches from her sex Ann asked if he still wanted the cigar a la Clinton. He confirmed that he did, knowing exactly what to expect.

Ann reached down beside her and picked up a long thick cigar in a tube then leaning further back began to run the tube over the lips of her sex, obviously opening herself to Mark's gaze. As he watched she began to ease the thick phallic looking metal container into herself, enjoying the feel of his eyes upon her as she felt the cool metal slip between her lips and inside her body, teasing herself eagerly with the perfectly shaped tube. Easing the container reluctantly from her cunt she quickly undid it and pulled out the cigar. "Let me wet it for you". She said to Mark and started to rub the rounded end between the lips of her cunt and around her clit, moistening the tobacco with her juice before sliding the end into her tight wet little hole as Mark watched in fascination. Pulling the moistened cigar from her cunt she offered it to Mark and said "I hope I have improved its aroma".

Mark sucked on the cigar and said that it could still be improved a little further so Ann took it from him and pushed it inside herself again, deeper this time. As she started to wank herself with the thick cigar they both looked up to see Alison taking Simon's cream and chocolate covered cock in her mouth sucking on it and leaving the end clean and glistening but leaving his shaft and balls still covered in the sticky mess of cream and warm chocolate.

In front of Mark Ann pushed the long cigar deep inside herself and then pulled it out completely saying "I think it's time you had a cognac". She lay right back on the table in front of Mark her head beside Simon's hips, exposing her beautiful cunt even more and lifted a bottle of expensive cognac above herself and removing the cork said "I do not have any glasses so you will have to drink it from me". 

Mark bent his head between her legs smelling the rich musk of her obvious excitement and watched her pour a few drops of the fiery cognac onto her pouting sex. The harsh spirit warmed her delicate swollen flesh seeping into her folds and introducing a tingling fire wherever it touched. "Quick before it runs away". 

She gasped and Mark sank his head to her open sex and started to lick away the cognac and the juice of her own lust. As he licked her looked up to see he pinching her own nipples in as her own passion, urging the ripe tips into tight foci of intense pleasure. Beyond he could see Alison straighten, taking her mouth away from Simon's upright cock and pushing him back down on the table turned away from him quickly lifting her dress off over her head in one quick movement before bending down to pull off her knickers. Without a bra on her pert little breasts swung beautifully from her body as she frantically pulled the flimsy fabric stickily away from the wetness between her thighs and down over her legs and feet. Backing towards Simon she pushed his knees apart and moved her gorgeous rounded bottom towards the top of his thighs. The height of the table meant that top of her legs just about matched the level of the base of Simon's cock so as she leaned forward and lifted herself on her toes she was just able to feel the cold sticky ice cream and warm chocolate covering the base of his cock and balls slide wetly between her thighs and cheeks of her bottom as she pushed herself down on Simon.

Rubbing herself against the sticky slippery mess between his legs she felt the alternating hot and cold of the ice cream and chocolate on her sensitive skin and then the heat of his throbbing cock as it slid against her squirming body. Wanting so much more Alison reached behind herself for Simon's cock and guided it towards her eager waiting cunt. He watched intently as she bent his hot curving shaft towards the entrance to her body positioning his thick swollen cock between her swollen pouting lips so the he could start to feel the tip engulfed in the warm honey of her succulent molten sex, in stark contrast to the cold ice cream now spread between her thighs. 
