 My name is Todd, and I am married to a wonderful and sexy lady named Kay. Although in our fifties, a healthy lifestyle and workouts at the gym ensure that Kay still turns heads of guys (and girls) twenty plus years younger. While my physical looks are not on her level, the weights and cycling have kept me in the "cute"and "firm" category. The ladies seem to like me as much as I like them.

Early in our married life Kay told me during an intimate discussion that she would like to make love to a woman sometime in her life. This was the first time that I realised what a sexual person she was, despite the fact that most people saw her as being very reserved. I got an instant hardon, and started to tell her all my secrets. I didn't regret it, as she was just as open with me, and told me who and what she wanted. I was surprised and aroused by the depth of her sexual desire. 

After that we enjoyed a fairly vivid fantasy life, and over the years have even enjoyed a few of what Kay calls sexual "adventures". We had several flirtations and situations that involved kissing and touching with other couples, but nothing that went too far. On one occasion we were at a friends place, and he introduced us to an adult game that soon had us naked and horny. His wife Marcie and I got into the spirit of the game and were enjoying each other's bodies in a most enjoyable fashion. Regretably however, she and I stopped at her stroking my cock while my fingers probed her beautiful pussy, as we knew Kay would not go that far.

It was not until several years later that Kay and I were talking about the incident, and she asked me what had happened on that night, and after I told her she turned to me sheepishly and said "Uh, oh, I'm afraid I went a little farther." She went on to tell me that could see Marcie stroking my cock while she kissed me and it turned her on incredibly. It was then that my friend and Kay went into the games room next door to have "a game of pool". As soon as they got there Kay said she couldn't hold back. She said she just had to have sex. She grabbed our friend, threw him on the table, and literally gobbled his prick. After she made him come, she kept licking up and down his cock, until he became hard again. She then lay on the table with her legs dangling and begged him to" fuck her with his big beautiful cock". She told me that she was wild with desire, and wished that Marcie and I were there too, because she wanted to fuck us all. 

She assumed that Marcie and I had also had as much fun, but when nothing was said , she assumed that nobody wanted to talk about it. We talked about this incident quite few times, and the thought of her sucking and fucking our friend never failed to make my cock extra hard. I noticed that Kay, who was normally a doer rather than a talker, would often bring the subject up. She confessed that along with the fact it made her feel extra horny, she had a very large and very hard cock to play with, so why not!

One day after discussing this very sexy subject in the morning, and not being able to enjoy the fruits of the discussion, two very horny beings set off to have a elegant lunch with our naughty friend Sandy. Sandy is one of those women who is classy and wicked at the same time. We both love her, but what she didn't know was that she and her husband Don had been the object of many of our fantasy fucks. Somehow we felt that with them, it would work out just fine. Don is a great guy that Katy has always found sexy, and Sandy was a real turn on for both of us.She is a real beauty who loves to talk about sex, and particularly liked to tease Kay who she thought to be fairly conservative. 

We started our lunch with the girls having a couple of wines in the little bar at the front of the restaurant, while I had my usual light beer. Both Sandy and Kay had a pleasant flush by the time we were shown to our table. 

Sandy started as soon as we sat down by saying how she would like to rev up Don, and maybe she should get him to fuck someone else. Kay, bolstered by our sexy morning talk and the wine quickly offered up "Me, me, I'll do it!". Sandy started to giggle, and got one of those wicked Sandy looks. "Would there be something in this for me?" she said looking directly at me. Kay said "Well I guess I owe him one", and out came the story of her little adventure, which of course made me horny all over again. 

I looked at the girls, and knew I wasn't alone. Sandy told Kay the story turned her on so much, that she could literally fuck me right there. 

They were really having fun. I on the other hand was both turned on and embarassed at the same time. I was sure someone could hear our little exchange! Kay told Sandy "You can fuck him anytime if I can watch." That was just about it for me.

Sandy said that she was getting a little too wet, and maybe we should discuss this and "other things" at another time. She and Kay then girlishly got back to " What are we going to do about Don". It seemed to me that they decided seduction was the answer. Kay invited Sandy to our place for "discussions", and although my cock was continually hard for the week in between, I didn't really think a fantasy as big as this would come true.

Sandy came over on a Thursday night, and I was more nervous than a schoolboy on his first date. If the girls were nervous, they didn't show it.

The wine started flowing, sex was the topic, and pretty soon Kay was telling Sandy about her desire to fuck a woman. Sandy said that sounded very sexy, and started rubbing my chest. As she did this Kay came over and kissed Sandy on the neck, which seemed to drive her crazy, as she dropped to her knees, and freed my throbbing cock from my pants and began to lick it, while she turned to Kay and said "Would you do this to Don?' Kay started to touch herself and moan, and said "Fuck him Sandy, please fuck him." 

Sandy answered by taking me by the hand, and leading me upstairs. "I think we need to take a bath together to clean our dirty little minds." The three of us were soon naked in the tub, and both Sandy and Kay made sure my cock was very clean by giving it a good soaking and a nice pleasant suck. I could have been a star in any porn movie, with the size these two lovely women made my cock grow to. They both made sure their breasts were very, very clean, using a soapy face cloth, their hands, and finally their mouths. 

As I got out of the tub, Sandy grabbed me by the cock, and started to suck me. "I want to fuck", she said,"but I don't know if I can handle the other thing." Kay replied that it was ok she was getting off watching. We headed to the bedroom, and I started immediately licking Sandy's wonderful tasting cunt while Kay sat on a nearby chair with her legs splayed as she pleasured her very sexy body. Sandy was pulling my head tightly into her crotch, and I was rock hard with the combination of her taste and the view of Kay. 

It only seemed like seconds before Sandy called Kay over to the bed and started kissing her while I continued sucking. I looked up, and their kissing was so passionate that it nearly made me explode. At the same time Sandy was fingering Kay's pussy while Kay played with her breasts. Suddenly Sandy squirmed around and started going down on Kay while still pleasuring her with her fingers. The two of them looked so sexy that I almost stopped what I was doing to watch, but Sandy's body language, as well as her words kept me going. 

I then realised that Kay had turned around, and was kissing me, and licking Sandy at the same time. They came together, and the shuddering seemed to go on for an enjoyable eternity, before they broke apart laughing. Sandy said "If I had of known it was that good I would have done this long ago." Kay readily agreed saying that this was one time when the fantasy was much better than the reality. She then started to tell Sandy about how we had involved them in our fantasy lovemaking, and Sandy got incredibly turned on and said " I want to suck you, now!" and started to slurp at Kay's pussy, which immediately elicited some very sexy groans. 

I was so turned on that I almost forgot that I was kinda' like the lost man here, but I couldn't take my eyes away, as they swung from a sixty nine position, to kissing and finger fucking with the ease of a couple of well practised dance partners. They then started to giggle, and Kay rolled over to me and said "Fuck Her". I started to kiss Sandy, and could taste Kay on her lips and in her mouth. I could have swallowed her whole, I was so turned on. I could feel Kay's lips around my cock, and by Sandy's reaction I could tell she was getting some attention as well. I looked down to see Kay fingering Sandy while she sucked me with a dreamy contented look on her face.

Kay then took me out of her mouth and licked Sandy while she brought my cock to the edge of Sandy's cunt lips. She was moaning with desire, and seemed at least as turned on as Sandy and I...."I want to watch you fuck, I want to be part of you both", she said as she brought us gently together, and guided my cock into Sandy's waiting pussy. The lovemaking was tender, despite the fact that I had not got off yet, and soon Kay became part of it when I felt her tongue running up and down my cock each time it came out of Sandy.I looked down to see one of the most "turn on sights"of my life, as Kay made love to both of us with her mouth. "I want to see both of you do this to me when I fuck Don", she murmered. That was too much for me, and I shot what seemed like gallons of come. Before I finished Kay said "we share" and pulled my cock from Sandy's pussy and sucked even more come from me. I collapsed on the bed in a state of pure bliss.

We then sat on our queen sized bed and the girls started discussing the seduction of Don. They, wellI guess we, decided that Kay would be the seSandy said she would tell Don that Kay's confidence was gone, and that her age made her feel that she was no longer sexy. She would then tell Don to ask Kay out for dinner and go "as far as needed" to make her feel good. (I told you this wonderfulwoman was wicked). Since we had gone out in twos and threes before we knew Don would feel comfortable, and in Kay's hands there in no man who loves women who could resist her. The plan was to get him horny as hell, and then bring up the subject of the four of us. Kay was worried about my feelings, which Sandy quickly allayed by turning me over exposing my rock hard cock. "Can you imagine Kay fucking Don, Todd?". As Kay watched my cock start to throb by itself she said in a sexy voice, "Should be fun."

Sandy then pushed me back, and started to suck me. Kay started kissing me, with her tongue probing my mouth. I could taste all three of us, and as Kay slid down to join Sandy sucking my cock, I lay back to enjoy, and dream of things to come.