 "What took you so long?"

Kelly and I had been waiting for ages for Cherie to come out of the shower. We were sitting on her couch, dressed up for the restaurant, and reading through her many books and now we were so late I was beginning to wonder if it was worth still going. Despite the wait however, Cherie did look fantastic.

She was wearing a dark blue dress with a split up the thigh that highlighted her pale skin and accentuated her pleasant curves. Matching this were strappy low heel shoes and she raised her sore leg carefully to present her foot to us.

"Look," she pointed out proudly.

I looked over the smooth skin of her foot and up her leg to her knee. The split of her dress gaped a little and I couldn't help catching a glimpse of red lacy panties underneath.

"At the heels," Cherie said readjusting her dress.

I started guiltily and looked at her, but she wasn't looking at me: she was smiling at Kelly who was turning a bright shade of pink. Obviously she'd gotten a much better view than I had.

"Very nice," I humoured Cherie and patted her foot, feeling the skin still warm from her shower under my fingers. "Is that what took so long?"

"I haven't been able to wear heels for ever, thank you very much." Cherie shifted her gaze to me and Kelly wriggled uncomfortably in her seat.

"And if you must know, I was shaving my legs." Cherie put her foot on the couch and pulled back the hem of her dress to reveal an alabaster smooth leg.

"Why bother?" I complained. "No one's going to see them."

Cherie rolled her eyes at me. "Kelly understands."

We looked at Kelly who was staring at Cherie's leg and licking her lips absentmindedly. Kelly reached out a finger and stroked it down Cherie's calf.

"Actually," she told Cherie, "I don't shave my legs."

Cherie frowned at her. "Well, thanks for the support. What about under your arms?"

"Nope."

"Great," muttered Cherie, putting her leg back on the floor. "The one girl I turn to for support and she doesn't shave anywhere."

"I never said that," Kelly replied.

Cherie was speechless for a second. "No way!"

Kelly blushed.

"She's kidding, right?" Cherie asked me.

"Well, technically, she didn't shave..." I began, fondly remembering what I'd done to my wife the previous day.

"What's it like? Tell me."

"She can show you if you want," I suggested.

"Hey!" That got Kelly going and she hit me.

"Go on. Show me," insisted Cherie.

"What? No." Kelly was take by surprise.

"Go on," I encouraged.

"Pleeease," Cherie pouted.

Kelly looked uncertainly from me to Cherie then stood up.

Darn, I thought, I've blown it. But Kelly reached down and undid the button on her pants. The sound of her undoing her zipper was very loud in the sudden silence that had fallen over the room.

As Kelly slid her pants down over her generous hips, they hooked on her panties and started to pull them down too. Kelly paused to stop them, thought better of it, then slid both pants and panties to the floor. 

Cherie mmmed approvingly and licked her lips.

Kelly's smooth skin flowed down over her mons and came to a neat fold of flesh that disappeared between her legs. The top of her slit curved slightly, almost as if she was smiling and a thin film of moisture had appeared lower down. It was obvious why they where called lips and I remembered how much I'd enjoyed pushing my tongue between them the previous day..

"That looks sexy. How does it feel?"

Kelly shrugged. "Okay, I guess." Kelly had let me shave her a couple of times before but because of the choice between itchy regrowth or regular maintenance she wasn't a convert. I didn't mind either way but was always happy for a little change. 

Cherie tentatively reached out her fingers and Kelly took a step back out of her pants which had gathered around her ankles. Kelly sat back down on the couch and spread her legs apart. Her lips separated revealing the soft pink of her inner folds, glistening with nectar, and Cherie lowered herself to the floor between Kelly's legs.

I stood there mesmerised, suddenly aware of my rock hard cock straining against the fabric of my own pants. I'd often seen my beautiful wife sitting back with her legs spread invitingly, but never with someone else between them and I marvelled at how things had changed so very quickly. Kelly's heart shaped face wore a nervous smile and she was looking down over her bald pussy into Cherie's round face. Cherie's blue-grey eyes were gentle and reassuring and Cherie leisurely stretched out her fingers and ran them over Kelly's furry calf.

"That feels very soft. I was expecting coarse, maybe prickly," commented Cherie thoughtfully.

Kelly seemed a little distracted as Cherie's fingers wandered up and over her knees. "That's, umm, never shave them," she stammered.

Cherie softly brushed the inside of Kelly's thighs and my wife moaned under her touch. Cherie grinned and slid her fingers slowly up the smooth skin of Kelly's thigh. She paused, then stroked my wife's bare mons absently. Kelly and I watched fascinated as Cherie ran her fingers down between my wife's right leg and her slit, then back up the other side, circling her labia. Cherie looked up at me, her eyes pausing at the bulge in my pants.

"You did a good job."

My throat was dry and I croaked out "Thanks."

Cherie turned her attention back to Kelly and stroked her middle finger down over my wife's slit, gathering some of my wife's dew on her finger. Kelly closed her eyes and moaned again.

"Do you like that?" Cherie asked her coyly.

"God, yes!" exclaimed Kelly. She was never one for subtlety when she got started.

"How about this?" Cherie shoved her middle finger between my wife's cunt lips and into her hole and Kelly gasped and squirmed.

"Oh, yes."

Cherie slid her finger, slick with my wife's juices up my wife's slit and started circling her clit. Kelly started squeezing her own left breast over her jacket and pushed back against Cherie's fingers. I saw a need and leapt to the rescue. I sat down on the couch, next to Kelly and undid her jacket and shirt. When we reached her bra, she just pulled it up, revealing her large soft tits. She immediately began to squeeze her left nipple, rolling and twisting it between her thumb and forefinger. I lowered my head to her right breast and began to suckle and lick around her nipple. I managed to get my left hand under her back and tried undoing the bra, but wasn't very successful. Kelly was too busy to be of any help. Suddenly she started gasping. I twisted my head to look down over her bare cunt to the top of Cherie's head. Cherie lifted her head slightly and I saw her tongue emerge from the top of my wife's naked slit, then vanish back in again as Cherie lowered her head. Her right shoulder was moving and I figured she was pumping my wife's hole with her fingers while licking her sensitive clit.

Kelly was certainly loving it. Her right arm was under me, wrapped around my back and her left hand moved to rest on Cherie's long fine hair that cascaded over her shoulders. Kelly pushed a couple of stray auburn strands behind Cherie's ear and stroked her velvety cheek. I love hair and reached my other hand down to stroke Cherie's head as well while her tongue pleased my wife. I grabbed a handful of Cherie's hair and wondered if she liked having it pulled like Kelly did. I decided not to try just yet.

Cherie looked up at my touch, and saw me watching her while I sucked Kelly's tit. She smiled, reached her left hand out to the bulge straining against my pants and went back to eating and fingering my wife's cunt. I grunted approvingly as Cherie felt around my pants and managed to get the zip open but she couldn't get my cock out from my jocks. Reluctantly I stopped stroking her hair and pulled my cock out for her. I was rewarded by the feel of her small hand grasping my cock and clumsily pumping it while she focused on my groaning wife. I managed to finally undo Kelly's bra, which served little purpose since I couldn't remove it because she still had on the open shirt and jacket.

Kelly was panting so I moved my mouth from her tit to her lips and she immediately slid her tongue into my mouth and frenched me passionately. She continued to mash her lips against me, sucking on my tongue and grunting her excitement into my mouth.

Suddenly, Kelly calmed down a little and whined. I wondered why until I felt Cherie's weight shift over my leg. Her blue covered breast pressed into my knee and her small, warm and wet mouth covered my cock. Now it was my turn to assault my Kelly's mouth in response to Cherie's ministrations. 

Cherie licked and nibbled the head of my cock then started bobbing up and down and sucking me, harder and harder, moving her lips further and further down the length of my shaft with each bob. As she did, I fucked my wife's mouth with my tongue, pushing further into her and feeling her tongue push back each time Cherie drew her head back to plunge down on my cock again. By the time Cherie's mouth was three quarters of the way down my cock, I could feel the soft flesh of the back of her throat against the tip of my cock. I wondered if she was going to deep throat me, but she seemed content to stay there, bobbing on my cock while Kelly kissed me and I certainly wasn't about to complain. In fact, I wasn't going to last much longer and I started whimpering into my wife's mouth.

Kelly drew back and we looked at Cherie still bobbing on my cock. Her right hand was still pumping Kelly's cunt and her left was wrapped around the base of my cock, more for her balance I suspected than my benefit.

"I'm going to cum," I panted, the sight of Cherie pleasing us and her oral ministrations fuelling my need. She stopped immediately and gripped my cock so I couldn't cum. I whined.

"Ladies first," said Cherie, and shuffled back between Kelly's thighs.

"Lady?" I pretended to be indignant to cover my frustration. I looked at my wife leaning back on the couch with her pants at her ankles and her knees spread wide displaying her shaved cunt invitingly to the girl between her thighs. Kelly's slender waist accentuated her wide hips and her sizable bust, and her expanse of alabaster flesh looked like a platter on display. Her large tits were framed by her open white shirt and dark jacket, her nipples fully erect and her bra was hoiked up under her chin. She looked like a goddess, but certainly not a lady.

"I don't see any..."

"If I were you," interrupted Cherie squeezing my cock again, "I would shut the fuck up."

I complied and Kelly giggled at my expression, then moaned as Cherie's tongue pushed between the fleshy folds of her slit and entered her. Cherie licked her way back up to Kelly's clit and massaged and nibbled it while still pumping her fingers into my wife's hole. Her left hand continued to pump my shaft, just enough to keep me rock hard and close, but awkward enough to stop me from cumming.

I figured I should make myself useful, and reattached myself to Kelly's right breast. I slid my right hand over her smooth stomach, swept her bare mons and ran my fingers through Cherie's saliva, then stroked up Kelly's side to knead her other breast.

Kelly gladly relinquished her breasts to me and grabbed Cherie's head with both hands. In response, Cherie started licking and sucking less gently and more enthusiastically and Kelly moaned appreciatively.

"Yes, harder," she begged.

I didn't know if she was talking to Cherie or myself, but I pinched Kelly's nipple and twisted it roughly between my fingers while lightly biting her other breast. It had the desired response and Kelly cried out in pleasure as Cherie began to savage her pussy. Cherie's tongue darted around Kelly's bare cunt, briefly filling her hole when Cherie pulled her fingers out, then sliding up Kelly's wet slit and lapping forcefully against her clit. Kelly began to shudder and shake.

"Oh God, please, yes, oh yes," Kelly pleaded. From the look of her grip on Cherie's head, it seemed Cherie had no choice, but Cherie was grinning as her tongue willingly continued to batter Kelly's clit. I squeezed Kelly's nipple as hard as I could and sucked her other deep into my mouth. Cherie's right hand was pistoning into my wife's cunt and I could feel the vibrations through Kelly's tits and hear the rapid smacking sound of sticky fingers pummelling a wet cunt.

"OH YES!" Kelly tensed up all over as she came and Cherie and I held her down while continuing to feast upon her. She shuddered again, then relaxed, weakly pushing Cherie and I away from her. "Please, no more."

"She means, 'no more for thirty seconds'," I explained to Cherie.

"Hey," my wife weakly protested. But where she'd pulled Cherie's sodden fingers from her cunt, her own were now there peacefully stirring her juices.

"That's okay, Gorgeous. We can amuse ourselves," I responded with a grin on my face and hope in my heart.

"Hey," Kelly protested again. I was genuinely confused for a second. Was she suddenly going to get jealous on me?

Cherie chimed in. "Shall I shut him up?" she asked my wife.

"Sure," grinned Kelly and sat up somewhat.

Cherie removed her hand from between Kelly's legs and shoved three fingers into my mouth while she shifted between my knees. I tasted the warm, sticky, sweet and sour flavour of my wife, but the size and texture of the fingers were different. I sucked Kelly's juices off each of Cherie's fingers, nibbling the longer nails and similar fingertips, sucking the thinner fingers into my mouth and exploring the valley between her knuckles with my tongue, all the while tasting my wife over them. Meanwhile Kelly had undone my belt and pushed my pants over my arse. Cherie shoved them down to my ankles and drove her mouth over my cock and I gasped as her sweet warmth engulfed me. She withdrew her well lubricated right hand from my mouth, slid it inside the slit of her blue dress, twisted a little and started fingering her own cunt. Kelly had shucked the last of her clothes, and knelt naked beside me so she could watch Cherie but had leaned forward so I could suck her tit. She rested her left hand on Cherie's hair and her right hand on my hair, stroking us both. It seemed unfair that Kelly was no longer being fingered, but now that my left hand was free I ran it down the curve of her waist, over her smooth hips and shaved cunt and stirred my fingers over her clit, remembering the taste of her on Cherie's fingers and noting how wet she was from her cum and Cherie's tongue.

That same tongue was now lashing my cock and I slid my other hand down to join Kelly's and rest on Cherie's hair again. The sensations were unbelievable.

I was stroking Cherie's hair around her ear and feeling how fine it was with my right hand, while my left hand slid clumsily in and around my wife's slick cunt, She was already pushing her cunt against my fingers trying to help me satisfy her own need and I was having trouble staying on her clit, but enjoying the warm juices as they covered my hand. My wife's erect nipple hung in my mouth and I caressed it with my tongue and ran my tongue over her aureole which was rough and wrinkled like it always was when she was excited. With all this and the added sensation of Cherie's sweet mouth and the tip of my cock once more tapping the soft flesh at the back of her throat, in no time at all I began to cum. I felt the warmth from Cherie's mouth flow from my cock to my chest to every part of my body, followed by the sweet wash of orgasm. As I came my whole body contracted in pleasure. I shoved three fingers in my wife's cunt, gripped Cherie's silky hair and cried out against my wife's nipple, trying not to bite her too hard. I felt my seed burst from my cock into Cherie's still sucking mouth, her tongue running up my shaft as she drained my cum, her body still moving slightly as she continued to finger herself.

I fell back temporarily exhausted, my arms at my side, my whole being warmly tingling while Cherie sucked my shrinking cock dry, then clambered up to kneel astride my legs facing me but with my wife between us. Kelly rose to kneeling, her nipple popping from my mouth as she did so, her eyes now level with Cherie's. They paused for a brief second, gazing into each others faces, and a small trickle of cum escaped the corner of Cherie's lips. Kelly leaned forward and scooped it up with her tongue, licking back from Cherie's chin to her lips, then the two girls were kissing passionately.

Kelly had never been much of a demure kisser. The first time that I had kissed her she had pulled me to her and forced her tongue between my lips while moaning loudly. Cherie appeared to be receiving that same treatment as my wife savoured her and, like me, Cherie certainly didn't seem to mind. In fact, she was responding in kind and snaked her arms around Kelly's bare shoulders to steady herself. Kelly's tongue darted around Cherie's mouth and gave quick licks to Cherie's lips and cheeks, savouring the juices she found there. Meanwhile Cherie's hands roamed Kelly's back and shoulders, occasionally kneading them and brushing her fingers against the nape of Kelly's neck. I stroked my wife's naked arse and with my perfect view, watched her and Cherie avidly, my cock beginning to stir again already.

As Kelly's lips eagerly ground against Cherie's, Kelly's hand found the hem of Cherie's dress and started to pull it up revealing those lacy red panties. There were a few soft stray hairs peeking out from the edges where Cherie's fingers had recently been and I could see and smell the dark stain where Cherie's juices had seeped into her panties. My eyes were drawn to the light brown patch of fur inches in front of my nose that I could barely make out through the lace.

Cherie raised her arms and leaned back enough that Kelly could get the blue dress over her head and I used the opportunity to slide Cherie's panties down to her knees for a full view of that gorgeous pussy. Her hair was thin and fine and damp. It was pressed flat against her mons and cunt, perfectly outlining her puffy lips between which could be seen the hood of her clit, poking out like a tiny tongue. Cherie wriggled out of her dress and obligingly lifted each knee so I could get her panties off leaving her naked astride my thighs except for her lacy red bra. Her moist and naked pussy was now only inches from my cock, erect and ready once more and I willed her to move forward just a few inches. Instead, she reached her arms up behind her, expertly undid the bra and slid it off over her smooth shoulders.

Kelly watched entranced as Cherie's milky white breasts were revealed. Though half the size of Kelly's breasts, Cherie certainly wasn't flat-chested. Her breasts stood pert and fine from her chest like large peaches, just small enough to avoid any sag but easily large enough to fill Kelly's hands. Kelly tested this by stroking over Cherie's bare shoulders, then down to her breasts and took them both in her hands, almost weighing them. Cherie's nipples were smaller and darker than Kelly's, the strawberry sized areola looking almost chocolate brown against Cherie's fair skin. Kelly tweaked the nipples between her fingers and Cherie moaned and threw her head back. Kelly took the invitation and pulled Cherie's naked torso against her, while she kissed Cherie's neck. She then continued licking and nibbling over Cherie's collarbone slowly lowering herself into Cherie's cleavage. Kelly's tongue left a trail of glistening saliva down Cherie's neck and when she reached Cherie's nipple, she lapped at it as if tasting it.

Cherie groaned. "Just suck it, bitch!"

Kelly sucked Cherie's nipple into her mouth and bit down. Cherie cried out and grabbed Kelly's head.

"Yes, that's it," Cherie cooed. 

I found my voice. "Grab her hair. She likes that."

