 The following is a follow-up to my recent Dinner with Gary story. It took place about a week after our dinner meeting at the restaurant where his neighbor Kevin worked. It's quite a bit longer that my usual by I think well worth keeping with it. As always, I welcome your comments and please vote.

For those of you who have not read any of my previous stories, I'm Sue a 46yo bi-sexual woman happily married to a wonderful guy Jack for 26 years now. I'm 5'4", 125 lbs. with shoulder length light red hair and large B to small C cup breasts and a shapely ass and legs. My hubby, Jack, is 51 weighs about 190 lbs. and is blessed with a very thick 6" long cock which hits all right places inside me. We have enjoyed an "open" marriage since shortly before we got married, and have experienced numerous other partners during that time. 

When I got home from work on Monday I had a very lengthy email from Gary telling me all about his Sunday afternoon dinner with Kevin and his wife, Kim. He started out telling me about how he was a little taken aback at first by Kevin's invitation as while they had been together at their apartment on two prior occasions the last time was more than two months ago and he was curious as to why the sudden interest in getting together. Then after thinking about it he became more and more convinced it was related to the Friday night dinner and my "showing-off". 

When Gary went over there on Sunday Kevin opened the door and told him to come in that Kim was in the kitchen and would be out shortly. He offered Gary a beer and called in to Kim to bring out two beers when she could. When she came out of the kitchen with the beers in hand Gary said he was really surprised at what Kim was wearing as she had always dressed conservatively whenever he saw her and when was at their apartment in the past except for the few times he saw her this past summer at the apartment swimming pool in a bikini. He went on to describe Kim to me, she was Chinese with long, straight black hair down to her ass with a beautiful face and from he described from seeing her in a bikini had fairly large breasts and a fantastic ass and legs as well as being extremely pretty. Before he "officially" met her he often fantasized about her, and the thoughts got stronger after being around her a few times since.

She had a silky, white tank top on and as she walked toward him it was obvious that she was not wearing a bra as her breasts bounced as she walked and he could see her dark and hard nipples through the flimsy fabric of her top. And to complete the outfit she had a pair of very form fitting jeans on that outlined every curve of her shapely legs and ass. She came over and handed him a beer and leaned forward to give him a kiss on the cheek. The scent of her perfume and touch of her lips combined with her dress started to give him a hard-on and he quickly sat down in the chair to hide his growing erection. She said that dinner would be ready in about a half-hour and that she would go get some snacks and be right back. Gary tried not to be too obvious checking out her spectacular ass as she went back into the kitchen. She came back a few minutes later with the snacks a glass of wine for her, and they spent the rest of the time before dinner was ready talking about their jobs, and some general stuff about themselves. Gary started to think that maybe it was just a nice gesture on their part to invite him over.

Kim made a great dinner and they continued their chit-chat and continued to have more beer and wine. Kevin poured an after-dinner drink for them and they went back in the living room again. Gary said that it didn't take long for the conversation to turn toward sex however, and Gary was feeling that his second impression on Saturday was true after all. Kim poured out how when Kevin came home about 1 in the morning on Saturday she was sound asleep and was awakened by Kevin groping all over her body quickly removing her nightgown and them having some of the best sex that they have had in a few months. That morning at breakfast she couldn't help wondering what was up as Kevin is usually too tired at that time to have sex. Finally after much coaxing he admitted that he was extremely turned on by my flashing at the restaurant and had seen Gary and me playing "footsies" under the table. She pumped him for more information about me and he described how hot I looked and what a great body I had for an "older" woman.

Then the both of them began to pump Gary for more details about me, how we met and how much he knew about me. At first, he was reluctant to say too much respecting me, but then figuring that they didn't know who I was and with the booze helping to loosen his tongue he shared all about what I had shared with him. He told them about me being married and having an "open" relationship with my husband who happened to be away working on projects sometimes for months, and that I was bi having been with several women over the years as part of a group of like-minded couples. He shared with them the details of our first meeting the night of the ice storm and how I was "teaching" him the finer points of sex, etc. After exhausting what he knew about me, now Kevin and Kim opened up to him about what was going on in their minds about their sexual relationship. 

They told him while the sex between them was great still, they both had very high sex drives and fantasized a lot about having sex with other people while fucking. At breakfast that morning they had a long discussion about whether or not they wanted to act on their fantasies with real people. Shyly, Kim admitted that she had a "crush" on Gary, and she too checked him out at the pool last summer and whenever she saw him around the apartment complex and especially at her insistence when they invited him over for drinks a few times. She admitted that after those evenings she played a fantasy in her mind about really fucking him and that Kevin would play "Gary" while fucking her. 

Gary said that at this point he was so turned on his cock was so hard it actually hurt being confined in his jeans and having to piss went into the bathroom to get some relief. He was tempted to jack off after he peed but resisted and stuffed his hard again cock back in his pants. As he walked back into the room he could feel the tension coming from Kevin and Kim and after several awkward silent minutes Kim finally blurted out that she and Kevin wanted to know if he would be interested in inviting me and come over to their apartment the following Saturday to talk some more and meet me to see if the interest and chemistry were there for the four of us to play. Gary told them that he was definitely interested and would ask me and get back to them as soon as he could. They both seemed relieved that Gary didn't get pissed or bolt out the door at their question. Gary then told them that he also had fantasized about Kim and had jerked off many times thinking about being with her but would never have initiated anything because of Kevin and her being married and shared with them his shyness and inexperience around women. Shortly thereafter, he said that he better go and gave Kim a kiss on her cheek, shook hands with Kevin and thanked for the great meal and conversation. He said that not more than five minutes after returning home he was naked and jerking off thinking about what it would be like to fuck the beautiful Kim.

As soon as I finished reading Gary's email I picked up the phone and called him. While reading the email I was really excited at the prospect of being with Kim and Kevin and, of course, Gary too! I was happy he was home and we talked a while about his "dinner" with them and pumped him mostly about his sense of how Kim reacted when he told them I was bi and he had forgotten to write that after he said that Kim said that she had always been curious about being with another woman. Wow, that was music to my ears especially because I have a thing about dark-haired women especially Asian women hopefully it would become a first for me. I was also excited about being with Kevin also, he was a pretty hunky guy with what I could tell a nice looking body. Gary admitted that he was really excited about being with Kim also having admired her for a while now. We finished our conversation with Gary saying that he would call them after we got off the phone and agree to come over on Saturday. He called me back a few minutes later to tell me it was set for 6:30 on Saturday and that they soundly pretty excited that we had accepted. I told him I'd be there about six at his apartment. 

All week I found it to be almost impossible to concentrate on work and it seemed to drag out longer than four days it felt like four weeks. I called my hubby Jack and told him about the details and he was excited about it wanting to hear all of the details afterwards. Finally, it was Saturday and I slept in late, went to get my nails done, then ran some errands and about four I drew a nice hot bath and soaked in it for the better part of an hour then got dressed. I didn't want to "show off" too much and make them(especially Kim as Kevin had already seen a lot of me) nervous so I put on a silky, white button down blouse and a pair of black pants and black thong. 

As I drove to Gary's, I kept thinking about what might transpire and felt my juices already start to soak my thong as I anticipated the evening. When I got inside Gary's apartment he greeted me with a big hug and kiss that lasted several minutes pulling my ass up against his already hard cock. We finally parted and he asked if I wanted a glass of wine and I eagerly agreed thinking it would help with the nervousness he also had one saying that he was extremely excited and nervous too. I suggested to him to not be pushy as it was obvious that this was a big step for them as well and that they were probably equally if not more anxious than we were.

Then finally it was time to go, I could feel the excitement build as we walked over there. We rang their doorbell and both Kevin and Kim answered it and invited us in. Wow, Kim was even more beautiful and sexy looking than Gary described her she was absolutely gorgeous dressed similarly to me in a silky, red blouse and black pants and Kevin looked even better not dressed in his waiter outfit. He and Kim both gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. We sat down on the couch and Kim asked us if we wanted something to drink I said would like a glass of wine and Gary wanted a beer and as Kim got up to get our drinks I got and volunteered to help her. As she went into the refrigerator to get the wine bottle and beers I couldn't help checking out her very shapely ass and told her that Gary's description of her didn't do her justice and that she was beautiful. I could see her blush and after saying thanks she said that likewise Kevin's description of me wasn't as good as seeing me in person. She went on to ask how I kept myself in such obvious great shape stopping before leaving the end of the question dangling, and I laughed and finished it for her saying for such an "old lady". We both laughed this time and she denied meaning that and I told her I spent a lot of time at the gym whenever possible. 

Kim and I went back into the living room and I handed Gary his beer and we sat down and began to chat. I found out that Kevin was 26 and that she was 23, the same age as Gary. We continued to talk about where we worked, how they met each other and other general topics until Kim looked at the clock and said that dinner should be ready and to go to table and sit while she brought it out. I volunteered to help but she declined then asked Kevin to get all of us another drink. She made a delicious dinner and we continued to chat in between bites of food. When we were finished she asked Kevin to get us all an after-dinner drink and said she'd clean up and have dessert a little later.

We went and sat back down in their living room and continued to chat with Kim doing most of the talking. I could sense her nervousness when she asked a few minutes later about how my hubby, Jack and I first decided to agree on having an "open" marriage then after I told her she asked about more details of our current "party" group of eight couples that Gary had shared with them the past Sunday. When I got to the point of telling her about all of the women in the group being bi she got this intent look on her face and as I finished he blurted out that she had always curious about what it would be like to be with another woman, and how she would sometimes check out other woman just like she did with interesting looking guys. Wow, after she finished I felt a rush of juices flood my thong and I'm sure everyone could see my hard nipples push out the front of my blouse. It was pretty apparent that all four of us with definitely feeling the sexual tension between us as we sat there not saying anything for a minute or two.

I shared with them what Gary had told me about them possibly wanting to explore being with other people, and suggested that it would be a good idea for Gary and I to go for a short walk outside and they could be alone to discuss it. They agreed and Gary and I went outside and walked around to the back of the complex to the swimming pool area. As we walked I teased him asking if he was sure he wanted to fuck Kim and as a reply he grabbed my hand and put it on his crotch where I could feel that he was hard as a rock. He asked me if that answered my question and when we by the fence around the pool he asked me the same question and I guided his hand to my blouse to feel my hard nipples and then down the front of my pants to let him feel how wet I was. I told him that I guess that answered his question. I cautioned him not to get too forward when we returned as it was clear that they were still nervous and a little unsure about wanting to go forward with their desire to share. He said that he was extremely excited about the possibility of fucking Kim but wouldn't blow it by seeming too anxious. It was strange for me as we walked back toward their apartment feeling like someone who had not experienced being with another couple with how filled with anticipation I was. It's just that although I get this feeling before being with new partners these two were just so sexy and exciting to me I couldn't help being a little overwhelmed with desire. I rang the doorbell and it was quickly answered as if they went standing by it. We sat down in the living room again and I could feel the tension grow before Kevin said that he and Kim agreed that they wanted to try this, and that they had been discussing it for a while before last Friday's encounter with me fueled more discussion and desire to feel what it would be like. I could feel a sense of excitement and relief on my part hearing that and I'm sure Gary felt the same. Being an old, experienced hand at this I suggested that we start slowly perhaps playing some strip poker and that whenever anyone felt uncomfortable and didn't want to continue that they just let it be known and that it would come to an end with no hard feelings. Kim said that was just fine with her and Kevin and Gary agreed.

Kevin got up and got a deck of cards and I suggested that we push the table out of the way and sit on the carpet in a circle. We then agreed that everyone would start out with the same number of articles of clothing and we started to play. I am a lousy card player and it was obvious early on that Kim was also or maybe just the luck of the cards but the guys won six out of the first eight hands. With each of us only having four items of clothing I was now completely naked, Kim had only her blouse and thong on while each of the guys had only lost their socks and shoes. I forgot to mention that we made another rule that once someone was naked if they lost again then they had to do whatever the person who had the best hand wanted them to. Kim then lost the next hand and acting somewhat shy took her time unbuttoning her blouse and removing it. Wow, her breasts were beautiful about the same size as mine but high and firm on her chest(I couldn't help thinking that mine were like that too up until about 10 years ago when they started to sag a little), she had silver dollar size aureoles and her hard, erect nipples were probably about an inch long. Gary and I had our eyes glued on them and I thought about how great they would feel inside my mouth sucking on them. 

Then amazingly our luck changed and the guys lost the next four hands and were each down to their briefs. Wow, Kevin's upper body was tight and from the tent in his briefs it became obvious that he had a nice package under them as well. Kim lost the next hand and laid back and arching her back slowly rolled her thong down her thighs and off. Sitting directly across from her I had a great view of her neatly trimmed dark landing strip of pubic hair and her very wet pussy. I lost the next hand and Gary won and said for me to go over and kiss Kevin for one minute. I eagerly got up on my hands and knees and we began to kiss and since we didn't make a rule against it ran my hands all over his chest and back as we kissed. He was an excellent kisser and obviously taking the hint from my wandering hands began to fondle my breasts and nipples sending shivers of pleasure through my body. The minute seemed like a second and it was over and I reluctantly sat down again. Kim lost the next one and I won and told her to do the same to Gary. It was probably a carbon copy of Kevin and me but Gary quickly felt her beautiful breasts and caressed her back and ass as they kissed. Then time was up and before either of us girls lost again both Gary and Kevin lost the next two hands leaving all four of us naked on their carpet. It was really exciting watching Kevin as he peeled off his briefs and exposed his rock hard cock. He was probably a good two inches longer than Gary and just about as thick around. I can remember thinking about how great it would feel being inside me.

With all of us now naked I suggested that we retire to their bedroom if they were O.K. with continuing. Without even answering all four of us got up immediately and went there, l laid down on their big bed and pulled Kevin on top of me and Gary and Kim got on along side of us. Kevin immediately leaned down and we kissed I loved the feeling of his hairy chest rubbing against my hard nipples and began to caress his back and ass while he lifted up slightly to move his one hand between us to play with my breast rolling and pinching my hard nipple while with his other one caressed as far down as he could my sides and upper legs. I could feel his hard cock rubbing against the top of my pussy and lower abdomen and I quickly started to feel my first orgasm beginning to build inside me. I had the desire to taste his cock and gently pushed him off me onto his back and I quickly kneeled over him and leaned down teasing the head of his cock with my tongue and began to play with the base of his cock and balls with one of my hands. As I continued to give his cock a tongue bath I slowly lowered my pussy toward his face until just a inch or two away he pulled his head up and dove his tongue into my soaking wet pussy. 

Unlike Gary he definitely knew how to eat a pussy and in no time at all he had me cumming with me rubbing my pussy all over his face as I exploded. As I came I went back to taking more and more of his big cock inside my mouth until my nose was buried in his pubic hair then I began to back off and go down on it slowly at first then more quickly until I could sense by his thrusting up at me he was about to cum. I wanted him inside me when he came though and released his cock from my mouth and spun around now facing him grabbed his cock with my hand and began to run it up and down the lips of my pussy keeping up the "teasing" for a minute or so before sinking down all the way feeling the joy of its length as it hit up against my cervix. Then I began to fuck him feeling him thrusting his hips up fucking me as I fucked him. He reached up and began to roll and pinch my nipples and I urged him to pinch them harder and felt my next orgasm quickly build. In less than a minute I exploded again but he didn't stop and we continued to fuck each other through two more extremely intense orgasms before he announced that he was cumming and asked if could cum inside me. I told him I'd love nothing more and he grunted and bathed my pussy with his load. Wow, that was great I told him and said that it was just the beginning and hoped that he was up to the task of pleasuring me all night. He excitedly told me that he welcomed the opportunity to wear me out before the night was over.
