 This is a continuation of the story found in "Erotic couplings." Though it's not necessary to read that story to enjoy this one, it couldn't hurt.

*

Two days after his encounter with Janet, he got a call from one of the other tenants asking if he had time to patch a small hole in the wall. He had nothing going at the time, and said he would be right there. Ten minutes later he rang the bell on 143, waited a few seconds, the door opened, and was greeted by a good looking blond in a T-shirt and knee pants. With a broad smile, she introduced herself as Karen, saying Janet referred him to her. His mind buzzed for a moment, then he pushed the obvious thought from his mind.

She led him into the hall where there was indeed a small but rather unsightly square shaped hole in the wall. Karen said she did it moving a bookshelf, and Jim said he would have it fixed in an hour or so. Plugging the hole was no problem, most of the time would be waiting for the plaster to dry. She said no problem, it was her day off, and would he like a beer while he waited.

He had seen her around for as long as he had been doing the maintenance, but they had spoken very little. She wore a wedding ring, though he never saw her with a man. Which didn't mean a whole lot. She was perhaps a few years older than Janet, a bit taller, hair down to her ass, and well built. While he patched the hole, she came from the front room into the room behind him and began working out on an exercise machine. Finishing up, he glanced her way watching her do flys stretching the T-shirt tightly over her tits. Too bad she was wearing a bra. Still...

Putting the last of it away and moving to the kitchen to wash up, she joined him fetching two beers from the fridge. Tools washed and set aside, he accepted the beer, and followed her into the living room. They sat chatting for a few moments, and halfway through his drink the conversation began to get more personal. How she had been looking for a good man to help out with things now and again, and how a good man was hard to find. Then jokingly added 'and vise a versa'. He was wondering where this was going, knowing where he wanted it to go, and if it did, would it piss off Janet? Then there was a knock at the door. 

Karen walked to the door and opened it, and who walked in but Janet. Karen got her a beer, they sat for a few moments chatting about nothing in particular, until Karen excused herself for a moment. Once she was out of the room, Janet told Jim again how much she enjoyed Friday night. He reciprocated in kind, then she said something that took him quite by surprise. She told him that Karen was a good friend of hers, and grinning said she could really use some T. L. C.

"You wouldn't mind?" he asked.

"Of course not.' She replied. 'You do find her attractive, don't you?"

"Well, yeah."

"Then go for it. But don't tell her I said anything. Just come on to her a little, and she's all yours. And remember, I want you again too."

Just as she took her seat, Karen returned, and as she stepped in front of him, he noticed she no longer wore a bra. Janet finished her beer, told Karen she was in good hands, and would see her later. As they went to the door, Jim downed the last of his beer and went to his patch. The door shut as he bent to feel the wall, and found it wasn't close to dry enough yet. When he stood up he found Karen beside him, and she asked how it was doing.

"Still a little, wet." He replied with a smile.

"How much longer does it need to get, hard?" she grinned.

"Thirty minutes, maybe more."

"I wander what we could do with the time. Any ideas?"

"One or two. You?" He grinned back.

She stepped forward taking his face in her hands, Jim placing his on her waist, and she kissed him lightly on the lips. Sliding his arms about her waist, he pulled her tight kissing her passionately for several long moments. Then he moved his hands from her waist sliding them under her shirt to the sides of her breasts. He felt her breath quicken as he moved to cup her tits in his hands pinching her nipples between his third and middle fingers. 

She groaned softly to his touch, and raised her arms as he peeled the shirt off over her head. Giving her a light peck, he guided her backwards into the bedroom to the foot of the bed where he bent forward taking her right nipple in his mouth sucking on it gently, while massaging the other. Then he switched, letting his right hand drift slowly down her front to the top of her pants. Working two fingers inside the waistband he released the snap with his thumb, then eased the zipper down. Working his kisses down her body till he was kneeling before her, he slowly slid her pants down her hips, thighs, and over her knees letting them fall to the floor kissing her at the top of her panties. Stepping from her pants, she stood motionless letting him do as he willed. Reaching up he gently caressed the mound beneath her panties between his thumb and forefinger till she shook and a damp spot appeared.

Glancing up he saw she had her eyes closed and was twisting her nipples. Slipping his thumbs under the waistband, he pealed her panties off exposing a clean-shaven pussy. He preferred a little fir around his pussies, but clean was O. K. too. He eased her to sit near the edge of the bed and lay back. Then placing his hands behind her knees, raised her legs high and wide so her heels rested on the edge of the bed. Moving in he rubbed a knuckle against her cunt pushing it deep into her canal, then sucked her clit into his mouth. 

Her body arched and her legs jerked, then she grabbed her legs holding them high and wide apart. Using his thumbs to part her pussy lips, he burrowed his tongue into her quim twirling it in a circle, then lapped at her inner flesh. Moving back to nibble on her clit, she shook as she began to come and flood his tongue with her juices. He drank greedily at her nectar till his jaw ached. With a final suckle of her clit he stood before her.

She sat up slowly propping herself up with her arms as he took a step back and began removing his shirt. She watched as he stripped off the shirt, kicked off his shoes and socks, undid his pants letting them drop, then peeled off his jockey shorts letting his had cock spring free slapping against his stomach. Stepping from them, he took two slow steps forward, bent over taking her cheeks between his hands, and kissed her deeply. 

Breaking the embrace she kissed her way down holding his sides, and with gentle coaxing, traded places with him. She was now kneeling between his legs fondling his balls and licking up and down his stiff member. She took him deeply into her mouth in one smooth movement, rose to the purple tip, then nibbled her way down the side of his dick to his balls and back again taking his full length into her mouth. Bobbing up and down while tugging his meat with two fingers tightly wrapped around him, he soon began to feel the pressure building in his loins. 

Breaking contact she urged him farther onto the bed climbing over him straddling his hips. Reaching down she held his cock upright guiding it into her cunt as she lowered herself down. She continued to hold him while she moved up and down a few times pushing the head of his cock an inch or so in and out of her cunt. Then lowered herself down slowly rotating her hips till he was buried fully within her.

Reaching up he began to fondle her tits and pinch her nipples as she slowly rose and fell upon his cock. He could feel her juices ooze from her slit and run onto his balls as she rode him, her cunt tightening around his rod. As she picked up the pace, he could no longer hold on to her bouncing tits and moved his hands to caress her thighs and press with his thumbs just above her clit as she rose and fell. Placing his right thumb on the button of her sex and rubbing it in unison with her strokes, he could feel her mussels around his cock spasm bringing them both to climax.

Waves of pleasure washed over them as they came together, his cock pumping jets of cum from his depths into hers. Nearly spent, she collapsed on top of him kissing him deeply rocking her hips draining the last bit of seed from him. Wrapping his arms tightly around her he rolled them over and braced himself on his elbows. She raised her legs high holding them wide behind the knee as he began pumping into her with abandon. Again her cunt began gripping his dick in rhythmic pulses as he thrust in and out of her hot depths. Faster and faster he pumped with her lifting her hips matching his thrusts until she lost control in a violent climax. His balls tightened and his dick twitched pumping another hot load into her already slick passage. 

Finally spent, he withdrew and lay beside her holding her close, kissing her tenderly about the neck and cheek. She responded stroking his shrinking dick and kissed him passionately, tongues entwined. Then she moved her kisses to trail down his body to his flaccid cock taking it into her mouth licking and sucking him clean of their mingled juices. Once he was clean, she thanked him with a quick kiss, and said she was going to the shower so he could get back to his task, telling him not to get dressed.

He stood, put on his pants, and returned to finish his work with the sensations of their lovemaking still racing through him. A little sanding, a bit of paint, and he was finished. Karen walked into the kitchen where Jim was cleaning his brush at the sink and hugged him warmly from behind, her tits pressing into his bare back. Her hands ran over his chest to his stomach, then placing them both over the crotch of his jeans, she could feel the bulge begin to grow.

"Did I say you could get dressed?" she asked teasingly.

Setting the brush aside and turning round, she was naked and reached immediately for his belt.

"Just my jeans ain't quite dressed." He replied grinning.

She had his pants undone, and sliding them down knelt before him taking his rising cock into her mouth. It didn't take but a few moments for him to get hard again, and once he was fully erect, she released him and stood.

"I have the shower and a towel all ready for you. And don't come out wearing the towel!"

"Yes, mam." 

The water felt good drifting over his body, and thoroughly bathed, stepped from the shower drying himself off with the soft warm towel. Coming from the bathroom he walked into the front room and saw her sitting on the arm of the couch waiting for him. Rising as he entered, she took a scarf from the arm of the chair, and stepping up behind him said she had something special for him. Placing the scarf over his eyes and tying it snugly, she took his hands and led him into the bedroom.

"Now lye down in the middle and relax." She said guiding him to the edge of the bed.

Doing as bid, he climbed onto the bed moving to the center of the mattress and lay back, his prick rising in anticipation. He lay there for a few moments before feeling her climb on the bed beside him. Reaching for her, she quickly grabbed his hands and placed them under his head. He wondered what she was doing feeling the bed move in an odd way.

Then warm kisses began working their way slowly down his body sending shocks through every fiber. Nearing his stiffening prick, her hand cradled his balls as her lips traced the length of his dick and parted to slide over the head and pinch it lightly. Several more times she pinched the head of his cock before sliding the length of him fully within her warm wet mouth. Pressing her tongue against the underside of his erection, she slid up to the head again pinching it with her lips reminding him of how Janet sucked him off.

As she engulfed him again, another pair of lips locked onto his, a tongue probing his mouth. Then it hit him. They were both having him. No need to keep the blindfold on now. Janet was sucking him off, while Karen kissed him deeply, then began trailing her kisses across his chest and stomach. Reaching his stomach, Janet released him and Karen took over nibbling her way up his stiff pole to the tip, then plunged down to the base. He was now feeling Janet climb up his body placing tiny kissed on his skin as Karen rose brushing her teeth tenderly along his dick. 

When Janet's kisses reached his mouth, Karen was slowly bobbing up and down his pole. He ran his right hand up her inner thigh to her moist cunt rubbing his middle finger along her slit teasing her clit, then inserted it into her cunt. Wiggling it back and forth as he pumped in and out she lost rhythm, and her groaning sent vibrations through his cock into his loins. 

Janet stopped kissing him and placed her left tit to his lips. Sucking and pinching her nipple, his free hand massaged her other tit making her groan as well. A few moments of this and Janet quickly rose straddling his face setting her cunt to his lips. He stuck his tongue directly into her wet hole lapping greedily at her warm flesh. 

Karen suddenly released her lip-lock on him to straddle his hips, and guiding his cock with tender fingers set him at the entrance of her cunt. She lowered herself down slowly with a rocking motion until he was buried within her. His whole body tensed with pleasure as Karen rode him like a pro, and Janet began coming in his mouth covering his face with her flow of honey.

As Janet came again, Karen began to come bouncing rapidly on his raging cock. With Janet flooding his face and Karen's cunt gripping his cock, he could hold back no longer. Waves of cum spurted from his deepest recesses filling Karen's pussy to overflowing. Hot cum was running over his face and balls at the same time. A few wild moments later, Karen flopped down next to him, and Janet slowly rose lying face down on the other side, but he wasn't done yet.

Moving toward Janet he spread her legs kneeling between them, and holding her hips raised her up to a kneeling position drawing her butt to press against him. Reaching around her hip he rubbed her clit with the middle finger of his right hand while his left guided his still hard cock to her entrance. With one thrust he was inside and pumping steadily. Janet squealed with delight reaching for Karen, who moved over placing her soaked cunt below Janet's lips.

Janet dove into Karen's pussy lapping up the mingled juices drawing her quickly to another orgasm. She soon followed, the inner walls of her cunt gripping Jim's cock in ripples of contractions. As his own orgasm struck pumping what cum he had left, Karen moved from under Janet and knelt beside her. When his eruption ceased, he pulled from Janet and moved quickly between Karen's legs to give her the same. Janet collapsed where she was. He couldn't believe he was able to stay this hard this long, but as long as he could, he would.

Thrusting into Karen was as easy as it was with Janet. Holding on to her hips he began pumping, and Karen reached a hand between her legs pushing on her clit increasing the pressure and stimulating her clit. She came repeatedly as Jim pumped hard and fast, his balls slapping against her pussy. Another orgasm rocked him with little seed left, and Karen collapsed before him. Laying down on his back between them he gasped for air, and the three lay for some time, arms wrapped around each other.

As he was about to doze off, Janet turned to lay her head on his thy taking his spent dick into her mouth licking and sucking him clean. Then Karen, not wanting to be left out, joined her passing his half-erect cock between them. At length, unable to draw him hard again, they snuggled next to him nearly covering his body with theirs, and in moments they were asleep.

When he woke he was alone on the bed. Dressing and walking to the living room he found Karen sitting on the couch in a short terrycloth robe. Janet had left. She rose as he entered and moved to embrace him giving him a deep and passionate kiss.

"Thank you so much. That was the best early birthday present I have ever had."

"Happy early birthday then. I enjoyed it as much as you did, I'm sure. When is your birthday anyway?"

"Thursday. I would love for you to help me celebrate my real birthday. Will you come over at eight Thursday night? Please?"

"I'd love to."

"Great. My daughter is taking me out for dinner, but I will be back well before then. I'll leave the door unlocked. Just walk on in."

"As you wish. See you at nine on Thursday then."

A quick kiss and he left walking in a fog down the walk toward his house behind the apartments. As he neared the gap between the buildings, he met Janet standing by the door to the laundry room. She greeted him with a smile taking his arm, and thanked him for her, and Karen. Then explained how depressed Karen had been lately, and that a good fuck was just what she needed. When he told her that Karen had invited him over Thursday night, and that he had accepted, she gave him a big grin and squeezed his arm. Janet gave him a peck on the cheek in parting, then walking away said with a giggle, 'Have fun.' He thought about her last words several times over the next few days wandering just what she meant.

To be continued...