 Come Thursday evening, Jim dressed in a tight pullover shirt, loose denim jeans, and sandals. Strolling to the door of Karen's apartment, Janet's words ran through his mind again. He knew something was up, and wondered if he would meet her there also. Reaching the door, he paused for a moment hearing soft music coming from within, then opened the door and walked into the dimly lit room.

There was a small light on the table by the door with a note addressed to him. Unfolding the note he read, 'Put this on, and come on back. Lover.' On the chair next to it was a gray robe. Stripping off his cloths, he put on the robe that came to just above his knees. Walking down the hall, there was dim light and music coming from the slightly open door of her bedroom. Reaching the door he pushed it open slowly and saw Karen standing at the foot of the bed smiling at him.

The room was lit with a small light near the window, and several candles about the room. She was wearing a powder blue negligee that was almost see-through, holding two glasses of wine. Stepping in he accepted the glass offered him, wrapped his other arm around her waist, kissed her softly, and wished her happy birthday. 

"Thank you. And thanks for coming." She said with a sly grin.

A sip of the light wine and they sat on the end of the bed trading kisses between sips. Not knowing what else to say, he asked how her birthday dinner was. She said it was great, and went on to tell him about her daughter. She was eighteen, almost nineteen, and had been attending an all-girls' school back east. One of the conditions of her divorce. She was visiting for a few days before going back to start college.

"The school wasn't my idea, it was Bills. I got what I wanted, he paid for the school, and after that, she could make her own decisions. You know, she hasn't even seen a man naked? Accept in pictures of course. She's going to have a rough time in a co-ed college."

"She'll figure it out. I'm sure she'll make friends with other girls who will help her along."

"I'm sure she will, but I'd rather she had at least a small head-start." 

"You said she was back visiting for a few days. She staying with her dad?"

"No. He's in New York. She's here with me.' She grinned, then nodded toward the other bedroom. 'I, that is, we hoped you would be open to helping her out. She's read about sex, and has her own toys. I sent them to her last year. What do you think? It's o. k. if you say no."

He thought for a moment, then kissing her on the neck whispered his o. k. in her ear. Karen downed her drink, gave him a big kiss, then stood up setting her glass on the dresser and walked out of the room closing the door. Shaking his head letting the reality sink in, he emptied the rest of his glass, set it next to hers, then sat back down wondering what her daughter looked like. He didn't have to wonder long.

The door opened and Karen led her daughter in, and he stood to greet them. Cindy was wearing a red see-through teddy with red bra and panties. She had dark hair, stood a bit shorter than her mom, and shared the same build. 

"Jim, this is my daughter Cindy. Cindy, this is the stud I told you about. What do you think Jim?"

"She's gorgeous. Hi Cindy. Pleasure to meet you. Hope I'm not a disappointment." He said extending his hand.

"Not at all, Jim." She replied smiling broadly taking his hand a bit nervously. 

She and Karen sat on either side of him with one leg placed flat on the bed and chatted for a few moments getting to know one another a little bit. As they talked, Cindy kept glancing down at Jim's lap watching the bulge grow between his legs, which did not go unnoticed by her mother. Then Karen took charge telling Jim and Cindy to stand facing each other. Cindy could hardly take her eyes off the protrusion in Jim's robe.

"Just to warm things up,' Karen began, 'give her a kiss Jim."

Placing his left hand against her neck, his right at her waist, he moved in close and kissed her softly parting his lips and setting the tip of his tongue at her lips. She opened slowly to his embrace and he probed her warm mouth teasing her tongue with his. Breaking the kiss, he straightened up not moving his hands telling her it was a lovely kiss. Then Karen told Cindy to untie his robe.

Jim placed his hands on her shoulders giving her an encouraging smile, and with shaky hands, she reached forward taking hold of the knot about his waist. Slowly untying the first knot, then the second, her hands grew even shakier as the belt fell to either side, one half of the robe hanging up on his erection.

"Go ahead honey,' Karen coaxed, 'take his robe off."

Grasping the material she pulled it aside exposing his dick, and caught her breath at the sight of her first erect penis. Jim removed his hands from her shoulders and with a shrug dropped the robe to the floor behind him. Still nervous, and with a bit of coaching from her mom, Cindy ran the tips of her fingers down his stomach to the top of his dick. As she touched his erection, it twitched causing her to flinch and pull away with a giggle.

They snickered too, then her mom took her hand placing her palm under his cock wrapping her fingers around his rod. This was the most tender feeling he had ever felt as she grasped him with a feathery touch. Then she began pulling softly on it and a string of pre-come oozed from the tip onto her hand. She began feeling this wondrous thing with wanton interest running her fingers all over it, then her mother directed her to kneel and have a good look. Cindy knew what to do then, though she wasn't sure how to do it. Sticking out her tongue, she touched the tip to the head tasting the salty fluid oozing from the tiny slit.

"Go on darling, stick it in your mouth like I told you. Just like a Popsicle."

Sliding her mouth over his cock made it jump sending thrills through his whole body.

"That's it,' Jim said, 'press your tongue against the bottom and hold it with your lips. Then move slowly, and suck on it. Oh god. Yea. Like that."

"Take as much as you can." Her mother advised. 

She slid forward till the head touched the back of her throat setting off the gag response, then drew back sucking hard. A few tips from them and she was sucking him off like a pro. Then his orgasm hit pumping wads of cum into her mouth and down her throat. He was surprised to find she drank all of it down. Then her mom helped her to her feet, and took her place wanting a taste for herself. Once he was drained, she stood and whispered in his ear to show her daughter what a real lover was supposed to do.

Taking Cindy lightly in his arms he kissed her deeply again, then trailed little kisses down her neck as he slid the teddy off her shoulders and down her body. Once free of that, he covered each breast with his hands and massaged them, pinching her nipples through the light material. Then he reached behind her unhooking the clasp, and pealed the bra slowly from her firm tits. Dropping it to the floor, he held her tits softly, then ran his tongue around their pink areolas before sucking on her nipples in turn. A few minutes of this and she was sighing and quivering all over.

Taking his lips from her nipples, he traced kisses down her body running his hands along her sides to the top of her panties. As he knelt before her he glanced at the bed and saw Karen squeezing a tit with one hand, while rubbing her pussy with the other. Squeezing Cindy's ass in his hands he kissed the top of her mound, then pressed his nose against her clit inhaling the sweet aroma. Her knees buckled and he supported her with his hands under her ass. Once she was steady on her feet, he slid his hands to her hips pulling her panties down and off, then stood holding her tight, his cock pressing into her quivering belly.

Half lifting her he moved her to lay back on the bed with her ass at the edge, and knelt before her. Easing her legs apart he kissed his way up the inside of her right thigh to her virgin cunt. Running his tongue lightly along her labia from her anus to her clit sent ripples through her body. He quickly pressed his tongue against her excited clit wiggling it back and forth rapidly, then stuck it into her vagina as far as it would go thrusting in and out of her hole as fast as he could. Then sucking her clit into his mouth and pinching it between his lips, it took no time before she was racked with orgasm.

Releasing her, he let the shocks subside as he stood and gazed down at this young beauty. She was squeezing her tits, eyes tightly shut, waiting for the next rush. Reaching under her legs, he raised them so they dangled over his elbows, and holding her hips placed the head of his cock at her entrance. He pushed forward gently but the head of his dick slid up along her box to her clit. Karen's hand was suddenly at his cock guiding it into its target as she whispered in his ear reminding him Cindy had her own toys, and there was nothing to stop him. 

Firmly pressed against her opening he eased forward till the head popped inside. Cindy squealed and thrashed as she felt him pop into her cunt, and he paused for a brief moment. Easing forward an inch more he held, withdrew, and pushed forward a little further. She was so tight around his dick he wanted to thrust right in, but went slowly forward in tiny increments. Easing forward he was soon buried inside Cindy's cunt and could feel the end of her tunnel against the head of his cock. He began fucking her with slow, deep thrusts while her mother rubbed her clit in unison with his movements sucking her tits. Picking up the pace, Jim was soon thrusting in and out rapidly. Feeling ejaculation growing near, he puled all the way out, then thrust in again giving her a few more pumps before erupting in one of the strongest orgasms he ever had pumping what felt like gallons of sperm into her tight cunt. She thrashed about in wild ecstasy as he emptied his load into her.

Pulling from her he staggered to lay limply between her and Karen, who went straight for his cock licking and sucking it clean. Then she moved to her daughter locking her mouth hungrily on her cunt sucking up his jizz and quickly bringing her to another climax. Jim watched as Karen licked Cindy's cunt clean while working two fingers in and out of her own pussy. Recovered enough to move, Jim rolled over and began fondling and sucking Cindy's tits until she finally cried out for them to stop.

Karen poured them each a short glass of wine and handed them out, then sat beside Jim and toasted Cindy's first fuck. Cindy and Jim drank deeply while Karen just sipped, then asked Cindy how she liked it.

"My god it was wonderful. I never dreamed sex could be that good. You were terrific Jim, and I want to do it with you again."

"Maybe later.' Karen giggled. 'It's my turn when he's ready. And maybe you can join in."

Jim finished his wine, took Cindy's empty glass from her, and set them on the dresser. Turning round Karen was holding hers out to him, so he took it and set it aside also. Turning back around he took Karen's hands, lifted her to her feet, and wrapping her in his arms kissed her deep and long.

Breaking the embrace he moved behind her kissing her cheek, her ear, her neck, and slid the negligee aside kissed her right shoulder. Then her other shoulder as he worked the thin fabric over her arms to gather about her waist. Glancing toward the bed he saw Cindy watching intently and flashed her a smile. Kissing the back of Karen's neck and shoulders, he reached around cupping her tits in his hands pinching her nipples. Then tracing kisses along her shoulder he turned her half way round and moved in front of her so Cindy could watch.

Bending slightly forward he cradled her right tit locking his mouth on her nipple sucking and pinching it between his teeth till she moaned softly, then moved to her left. Letting go of her right breast he reached down to the narrow ribbon holding the negligee about her waist and gave it a tug letting it fall from her hips to the floor. His mouth still sucking her tit he reached his left hand to her crotch rubbing his middle finger between her labia and against her clit. Shivers ran up her spine and her juices began to flow as he inserted two fingers into her cunt. She shivered as his fingers pumped into her, his thumb rubbing her clit sending her over the edge within moments.

Laying her down on the bed, he climbed between her legs as she lifted them up and as wide as she could. Glancing over at Cindy, he saw her watching them pumping two fingers in and out of her own cunt. Using his thumbs he spread Karen's pussy lips wide diving in with his tongue. First he licked her clit, then tongue fucked her cunt, then repeated until she came flooding his mouth. When he raised his head, he saw Cindy had turned about lying on her side with her mother's head buried between her legs.

Jim quickly climbed into position and with one easy stroke drove fully into her slippery cunt. After pumping his cock into her several times, he told Cindy to turn around and kneel beside her mother. Cindy flipped over into position so fast the bed bounced nearly knocking him from Karen. Pulling free of mom, he quickly moved to daughter and holding her hips slid into her tight hole. The moment he was buried deep, the walls of her cunt contracted squeezing him even tighter. As she neared climax, he withdrew flipping her over and set his mouth to work on her clit. She exploded in violent orgasm. Karen was standing behind him as he pulled free, and took his place pulling Cindy closer to the end of the bed so she could lick her cunt while Jim fucked her from behind.

They were quickly in position with Cindy squealing from her mother sucking her to nirvana, Karen groaning as Jim slid home and fucked her with abandon. Within moments they were coming in unison. When Jim pulled from Karen, and she stood from Cindy's pussy, Cindy quickly moved to the edge of the bed reaching for his dick before it went completely limp and sucked him into her mouth so quick he felt it in his gut. Rolling her tongue around his half-hard dick and sucking strongly he was again hard, but there was nothing left. Releasing him with a pop, she stood throwing her arms around his neck hugging him tight.

"Thank you, thank you, thank you. Please stay the night, I want to wake with you inside me."

"We'll see."

Karen then called them into the bathroom where she had the shower running, and they climbed in together. Passing the wand around they took turns lathering each other pressing their bodies together as they carefully switched positions in the small space. As a treat, Jim set the wand to a gentle pulse holding it to first Cindy's tender cunt, then Karen's, and back again. Clean and dry, Cindy asked if Jim could spend the night with her.

"That's up to Jim." She replied giving him a wink.

"Then I guess I'm all yours."

Parting at the door to Cindy's room, Karen gave them both a tender kiss, said good night, and went to her room closing the door. Entering her room Cindy turned down the bed and climbed on pulling Jim to her.

"Do you think you could get hard? I'd love to go to sleep with your dick inside me."

"We could try, though I don't know how long I can hold."

Laying half on top of him she reached for his dick finding it already starting to rise. With a little direction from Jim she had him hard again and moved to lay half on and half off him, and with a few wiggles of her hips had him inside her again. In a few minutes she was asleep, and though he was now limp, the feeling of her cunt pressed against his dick was rather pleasant. 

Waking in the middle of the night, he found they were still in the same position, and with little effort feeling her breath on his chest and smelling her scent, he began to stiffen. As his dick hardened and pressed against her pussy, she stirred awake, gave him a broad smile, then reached between them keeping his stiffening cock on target. Moving his cock-head against her cunt, she was soon wet, and he slipped in easily. Once embed within her, he rocked his hips gently a few times, and they drifted off to sleep again. 

When he woke again, the sun was rising, and he was alone. He lay there for only a few moments before the door opened and Cindy walked in on tiptoe. Turning to the bed she saw he was awake and climbed in beside him reaching immediately for his cock.

"I'd like to try something this morning, if you're up to it." She grinned.

"Which is..."

"Something I read in one of the books mom sent me."

She dove beneath the covers finding him fully hard and began sucking him off, then crawled from the bed.

"Get behind me and grab my hips. O K?"

Standing behind her and holding her hips, she bent over folding flat against her legs and wrapped her arms around them. Jim got the idea right away. Giving his cock a few strokes with his right hand he placed it at her cunt rubbing the head up and down till he felt moisture, then pushed at her opening. It resisted him at first, but once the head was inside, he pushed the rest of the way inside in one motion.

It was a strange sensation with his dick pointing down instead of straight out or up. She wiggled her hips against him and the tingling shot through them both. All he had to do was rock back and forth a little as she flexed her knees driving his prick in and out of the tightest pussy he could imagine. She began to squeal as they found a rhythm with her rising toward him, and he pulling her onto his cock. It felt a bit odd the first few strokes till her cunt began spreading lubricant over his cock. Pumping harder and faster she rubbed her clit and began to come in rapid succession. The sensation racing through his dick and into his gut was unbelievable. In no time they were both coming quite noisily. Cindy suddenly rose enough to brace herself by holding on to the bed till he was spent.

He grabbed the post at the foot of the bed standing with a wobble as she collapsed panting onto the bed with one hand holding her cunt.

"Now that I want to try.' Came a voice behind them. Karen was standing naked in the doorway rubbing her cunt. 'You two relax for a bit while I start the coffee. God I hope you can be ready to go in a few minutes." Then she turned and was gone.

Jim helped Cindy further onto the bed, then lay behind her wrapping her in his arms.

"For a beginner, you sure pulled a rabbit out of the hat."

"Don't say rabbit.' She giggled. 'Don't worry, I've been on the pill for six months. Mom said she was going to get me fucked while I was here, one way or another. I'm glad it was you."

"So am I. When do you go back?"

"My flight leaves Tuesday morning. Why?"

"I'm going camping this weekend, and thought maby..forget I asked. It was silly."

"No. Not at all. Just you and me? Mom has to work tomorrow."

"Just us. And the campground is totally private. So we could go naked the whole time if we wished."

"Sounds great. I'll talk to mom later. I know she won't mind." 

"Be at my place at six tomorrow?"

"You got it."

Sharing a kiss, Karen returned and sat near the end of the bed.

"Look. I was caught up in the moment, so feel free to turn me down."

"No mom, you gotta try it. If Jim can get hard, and I can watch."

Jim stood and reached for Karen's hands, but she dropped to her knees and went straight for his dick taking it into her mouth sucking him hard in no time. Then she stood spreading her feet a few inches and bent over as far as she could grasping her ankles. Jim reached between her legs rubbing her clit till she was hot and wet, then placed his dick at her opening, but had trouble getting in. Cindy guided her mom to bend her knees, and he slid in.

With Cindy's help they found a rhythm and were going at it hard and fast. Karen's twat wasn't quite as tight as her daughters, but close enough. Pumping into her as she rose, that sweet feeling came over him again urging him to pump faster and harder. She too came in close succession, specially with Cindy sitting on the floor rubbing her mom's clit as they fucked.
