 My affair with Debra had been going for just over three months when it became possible for us to spend a couple of days away from home together, It turned out to be a very exciting time sexually.  

We had just checked in to our room at a splendid country hotel chosen because of its superior rooms and facilities.

We entered our room and looked around. The room was large and so was the bed, "Big enough for three," I commented and Debbie gave me a raised eyebrow look which asked what have you in mind?, I just smiled and watched as she bounced on the bed.

" I hope the springs are strong," I joked, and she poked her tongue out at me. I looked into the bathroom and saw it had a washbasin, a toilet and bidet, and an unusually large shower cubicle, "Big enough for three," I mused again. 

I came back into the room and Debbie was lying on the bed full length, propped up against the head board, her hands clasped behind her head.  She was still fully clothed in a white cotton top and beige straight skirt which ended six inches above her knees, allowing my mind to visualise the joys that hid from my gaze after her legs disappeared from view under her skirt. 

She was wearing stockings, That excited me because that meant she was wearing either a suspender belt or hold ups, I hoped for the former.

I took off my jacket and shoes and joined her on the bed. 

"What do you want?" she asked pretending to be serious, 

"I want you darling, " I said as I nuzzled up to her neck. She giggled and hoisted up her shoulder to protect one of her most sensitive areas, so I searched for what I hoped was another of her sensitive spots, the inside of her arms sometimes worked.  

I stroked between her elbow and armpit and this time she laughed and shivered and knew she had lost and could resist no longer. 

"MMMMMMMM,"  she murmured and we kissed deeply and passionately, our tongues twisting together, we pressed up close and I brought my hand round to her breast.   I opened her top and licked her chest above the swell of her breasts, and slipped my hand round her back to unclasp her bra.  

Debbie's luscious creamy breasts were there in front of my eyes and I gorged myself on their size and softness. I sucked on one nipple and twisted the other between thumb and forefinger. 

Debbie moaned and pushed her chest up to my face as though to get more of her nipple into my mouth, her nipples were long and hard and her hands stroked the back of my head, I ran my hand down her side and over her hips and stomach still with her skirt between me and her belly flesh. 

I moved my hand under her skirt and up the inside of her thigh until I reached her stocking tops, I stroked the bare skin at the top of her legs and brushed against her panties. 

Debbie lifted her hips and opened and closed her legs in anticipation of me touching her pussy, her skirt was restricting me, so I unzipped it and slipped it down her legs. I gazed at the lovely image before me, naked breasts then her lower half covered by her black lace suspender belt.  Dark coloured stockings covered her shapely legs and a black lace thong fitted neatly between her legs. 

I kissed her stomach and at the same time eased down her panties to allow me access to the voluptuous lips of her pussy, beautifully trimmed pussy hair folded excitingly into her lovely straight slit.  

Protruding through the parted lips of Debbie's delicious cunt was her erect clitoris. 

It was such an erotic sight with her stockings still on, I slipped between her legs and she drew them up,bending her knees to give me full access to her sex. I pressed my mouth to her lips and pushed my tongue into the soft fleshy hole of her vagina, Her pussy's sweet smell filled my nostrils and the musk taste overwhelmed my taste buds. 

My cock was rock hard but still restrained in my pants, I unzipped them and he sprang out ready for when he was needed, I found her enlarged clitoris with my lips and sucked it gently in to my mouth. 

Debbie was fully aroused and becoming wetter, adding to her delicious taste, I lapped and sucked the whole of her pussy into my mouth, especially the tasty fleshy inside lips and I heard her gasps, "OooooooohhhhhhhYeeeeeeesssss!" she screeched and juices gushed from her pussy in a stream.  She clamped my head with her thighs, gripping my hair with her hands. 

Her orgasm lasted for a minute or more before her legs released me, I raised my cum covered face from between her legs and she looked down on me. 

"OOOOO That was lovely Jeff," she whispered, and her hand took hold of my cock, still hard and expectant. He wants feeding she told me, and guided my dick to the edge of her opening, 

I pushed hard into Debbie's tight hole, Her pussy lips gripped my shaft as it drove deeper into her body, Our bellies touched and I looked into her glistening eyes, 

My ass raised up and then down as l began fucking her eager hole, she lifted up to meet my thrusts, I grunted and groaned, she gasped and sighed, I drove into her faster and faster, stretching her pussy lips wide with my thick cock. She murmured and moaned and wriggled and rocked and an emphatic tingle began in my testicles, 

I could feel my balls slapping against her arse cheeks, my body began to stiffen, I felt her body tremble then she cried out " AAAAAAAAHHHHH oooooo Yes Yes Jeff!"  

I felt the wetness in Debbie's cunt, and heard her squelches in the same instant that my ejaculation exploded from my cock and spurted deep into the depths of her sex, I kept on fucking her, thrusting back and forth almost bouncing off her tense body.   

We lay gasping and calming ourselves, our bodies still tingled and I felt my rapidly softening cock slip from Debbie's sex hole where he had been so royally entertained.   We kissed and hugged and then I rolled off the bed.

"Lets take a shower," I said "Then go for a look around before dinner." 

I stripped off Debbie's stockings and  suspender belt, and she lay totally naked on the bed, happy for me to drool over her beautiful female body.  

I stood naked by the side of her and leaned over and sucked her nipple, at the same time my hand slipped between her legs. I just could not leave her alone, My finger traced her slit once again to her opening. 

I pushed my finger inside her very wet pussy, amongst the slick thick juices and her fleshy inner lips, she could not resist opening her legs wide and lifting her knees giving me full access once again to her delicious sex, I crooked my finger and searched for her Gspot, 

Suddenly I found it, her body tensed then exploded in fury, thrashing around the bed,

Sighing and gasping with pleasure and ecstasy, she ejected my hand from her pussy,  her whole body trembled and shivered, I watched her cum squirt out of from her pussy and land beyond the end of the bed, I placed my hand back over her pulsating cunt and leaned down to kiss her nipple, slowly her body calmed and I lifted her off the bed and carried her to the shower.

"That's the first time I have seen you squirt," I told her. 

Debbie smiled and said "Its my party piece and there is still a lot you have to learn about me." 

We just let the hot water pour over our bodies, easing the aches from our muscles, Eventually we lathered up, washed off and left the shower feeling alive again.  . 

We dried and sprayed ourselves and searched our bags for things to wear. 

I love watching Debbie put her clothes on almost as much as I love to see them coming off.  She put her bra on first leaving the rest of her body utterly naked, I went up to her and stroked her short pubic hair and puffy pussy lips.  

"Do you think you could manage it again?" Debbie queried,  "If not leave my pussy alone."  

"I could lick it all day and night," I said "I could have it for my dinner." 

"Well I want some proper food," she sighed and put her fresh knickers on.  

At last we were ready and went down to the hotel reception, I enquired if we should book a table for dinner and was told it would not be necessary.  We had intended to go for a walk but when we looked out it was raining, so I said "Come on Debbie lets get a drink in the bar before dinner.

We ordered our drinks and sat down near to another couple, I noticed they were about our age and I saw that the woman was quite a looker.  We began a bit of idle chat with them, and found out that he was here for a meeting the next day and she, his wife had come for the ride. 

I told them you were my wife for convenience and we were here for a break. We got on very well and after a few more drinks it was decided that we would have dinner together. That's how we met Stephen and Claire.

Four of us went into the restaurant and ordered dinner, Stephen asked for two bottles of white wine and one of red, I gulped when I saw that, you and I had already drunk more than we would have expected to before a meal, but he was in a boisterous mood and getting a little bit loud. Claire asked him to take it easy but he ignored her and put glass after glass away. He did calm down after a while and and we were able to enjoy our meal, Stephen then turned out to be quite amusing and we warmed to him. 

Debbie and Claire were getting on well and chatting about places been and holidays taken. 

Stephen, it turned out, had quite a prestigious and well paid job and was happy to tell us all about his board room battles.  The wine continued to disappear down his throat, and when that was gone he ordered more, yet he still seemed to handle it well 

Dinner came to an end and Stephen insisted that we join himself and Claire in their room, It was still reasonably early so we said OK. 

Out came the spirits and beer this time, I had a beer, both you and Clair had vodka and blackcurrant and Stephen opened a bottle of whisky. Claire put some music on her portable CD machine and all was nice and cosy.  You and I sat holding hands and Stephen wanted Claire to do the same but she resisted him and moved away, By now though he was too drunk to notice.       

All at once he was gone. His glass fell out of his fingers and he was unconscious. Clair looked at her husband and I could see the annoyance in her eyes. 

"I'm so sorry you had to see him like this, she said, "this is becoming a regular occurrence. He can't see the damage he is doing to himself and they are beginning to notice his excessive drinking at work, Will you help me put him to bed Jeff?" 

"Of course," I said, and between us we half lifted him and half carried him to the bedroom. 

We laid him on the bed and Claire began to remove his clothes with some help from me.  We stripped him to his underpants and then covered him with the quilt, he was dead to the world.

I looked at Claire over the bed and she looked at me.  She really was a very good looking woman, Dark curly haired as opposed to Debbie' s fair, Claire's face was round, and her eyes large. Her lips were full and very very tempting.  I felt stirrings in my cock and wondered if she might be interested in making up a threesome with Debbie and me. 

We went back to the main room, and Debbie asked "How is he?" 

"He's gone," Claire replied, "He won't wake up for hours." 

" Why don't you come to our room?" Debbie asked her. 

"I will," she said, much to my delight, "He will be alright here and I just want to get away from him for awhile." Gathering up our things the three of us went to our room.

None of us wanted a drink, and Claire asked if she could use our bathroom. 

"What are we going to do with her?" Debbie asked me, when Claire was out of earshot, 

"Well I'm hoping to persuade her to play games with us," I replied. 

"Do you think she will?" Debbie asked, while looking doubtful.  

"Well If she doesn't I'll be very happy to play games with you," I said grabbing Debbie around her waist then kissing her deeply.

" Mmmmmm," she murmured and rubbed herself against me, waking my dick up even more in the process. 

The bathroom door opened and Claire stood in the doorway leaning against the door post, We both gaped at her, She had undressed down to her bra and panties. 

"I want you both," she said simply, " from the first minute I set eyes on you, I couldn't decide which of you I fancied the most."  

Debbie reacted first and went up to Claire taking both of her hands in her own, Debbie walked backwards as she led Claire to our bed, Both women stared into each others eyes as they moved and when they reached the bed Debbie took Claire in her arms and pulled her body to her own, 

I watched as Debbie and Claire kissed and caressed each other,  Off came Claire's bra and I licked my dry lips when I saw her wondrous breasts. 

"Lie down on the bed Claire," Debbie told her, and Claire immediately complied, I stood at the bottom of the bed to watch as Debbie eased Claire's panties over her hips and took them off. 

Claire's cunt was shaved, I couldn't take my eyes off it, the swell of her mound and fullness of her pussy lips formed the open slit which started in the centre and curved to blend in with her bum crack between her part open legs. Debbie looked straight at Claire as she slowly removed all of her own clothing until she too was naked, Debbie pushed Claire's legs apart and Claire bent her knees to invite Debbie's mouth onto her sex.  

My girl sucked hungrily on her new friends pussy, When her wandering hands squeezed on Claire's tits, she writhed and thrashed about and when Debbie took her clitoris into her mouth Claire went wild, Debbie couldn't hold her as her cum exploded from her and she squirted halfway across the room. 

I was fascinated by the way her breasts and Debbie's breasts were flattened together, Debbie kissed her to calm her and they clung to each other, Debbie turned her head and called out to me.

" Fetch my bag Jeff,"  I did as I was told and took it over. 

She rummaged around and brought out an enormous dildo complete with balls, It was about 8" long and about 2" across. She showed it to Claire who had just about recovered from her orgasm, her eyes widened, but in delight not alarm. 

Claire watched expectantly as Debbie positioned herself between her long legs and worked the dildo between the lips of her pussy, she bent her knees more and lifted her legs off the bed as Debbie pushed further into her. 

I thought to myself as I watched, "Claire has got a very nice ass hole as well," What strange thoughts hit ones mind sometimes. 

The dildo was all the way into Claire's cunt right up to the false balls, She was gripping the bed and crying out "OOOOOOOOWWWWWW!"  as Debbie worked the dildo in and out of Claire's sex,  She increased the tempo causing Claire's breasts to bounce uncontrollably over her chest, and once more Claire orgasmed amid frenzied thrashings and shouting. 

I just couldn't stand to idly watch anymore of this, ripping my clothes off  I jumped on the bed,  throwing Debbie onto her back alongside Claire.

I pushed Debbie's legs wide apart and before she could argue or stop me my cock was inside her cunt just as far as that false thing had been inside Claire's a few minutes earlier. I fucked Debbie frantically, all my pent up passion suddenly released and I slammed back and forth into her,  I went on and on and Debbie was thrilled by it, shouting "Fuck me Jeff, Fuck me, Harder Harder," using her legs and hands to pull me further into her. 

Claire, on the bed beside us looked on in amazement. 

The culmination had to come for both of us,  Debbie, starting to cum set me off. 

I barged into her body faster and faster my bum going up and down like a piston, until my body stiffened and shot my load of creamy cum far into Debbie's cunt.  

Debbie was in ecstasy as her own juices burst out, and suddenly the end of my dick was much too sensitive for me to move another inch. 

I lay gasping on top of her and she stroked the back of my head, Neither of us spoke.    "WOW!" Whooped Claire, "that was some show," and it was. 

Then the poor girl said, "Stephens never sober long enough to perform like that these days,"  

I got off the bed to get some much needed drinks, That we were three naked people didn't seem to matter, or that we had met our guest only a few hours before.

"Stay with us tonight Claire," Debbie suggested to her.

"I would love to," Claire replied, "Stephen won't miss me, he won't wake up until morning."

We all used the bathroom and got into bed, Claire lying between Debbie and me.

We fell asleep with Debbie clutching Claire's breast, and my hand covered her pussy.

I awoke to feel a hand running up and down my erect cock, I opened my eyes to see Claire lying on her side looking at me, her elbow rested on the bed supporting her head. It was her hand giving me such pleasure.

"About time you woke up, she said, "He has been awake for ages," and she gave my cock a squeeze.

"He never sleeps," I managed to say.

We didn't have any covers over us and both of us were naked.

"Where's Deb?" I asked.

"She's in the shower," replied Claire.

"I'm surprised you are not in there with her," I said a little testily.

Claire giggled, "We have already had our fun," she smirked.

"What do you mean, Had your fun?" I demanded.

Claire smiled broadly and said, "Debbie used her toy on me and then let me use it on her, It was lovely," she gloated.

"How is it you didn't wake me?" I asked feeling a bit miffed.

"Well we didn't need you, we had each other and a big dildo," she said mockingly.

What she said was like a stab in my heart.

"Well, let me show you what a real cock can do," I cried and pushed her onto her back, forced her legs apart and rammed my rampant cock into her hole.

"OOOoooooooohhhhhhh Jeff, that feels soooo good," she cooed, and wrapped her legs round my back to pull me further into her.

I was feeling very aggressive towards her and I set up a vigorous motion, slamming into her so her whole body shook. I plunged in and my pubic bone crashed against hers, I watched her breasts bounce up and down and I raged on faster and harder. She was shaking and shuddering and scratching and biting. I moved a hand under her bottom and pushed a finger into her bum hole.

That set her off completely and she screamed in passion as her orgasm burst from her. I was right on the verge and Claire's violent thrusting triggered an enormous explosion in me and tingles gripped my body as I felt my cum spurting into her body.

"Well well, that was quite a performance!" I heard a voice behind me.

I rolled off Claire and saw Debbie by the bathroom door, wrapped in a towel, her hair wet and plastered round her face from the shower.

I turned back to look at Claire, who had a satisfied grin on her face, "WELL," I demanded, "Which did you prefer, the real cock or the toy one,"

Her grin widened further, "MMMMMM the real one of course."

I looked between her still open legs and saw my sperm dribbling out of her opening.

"You don't get that from a toy," I said.

Claire laughed and slid off the bed, I'll go for a shower," she said, and I watched her shapely bare arse disappear into the bathroom.

"You were rough with her," Debbie said quietly.

"Yeah, she wounded my pride." and I told Debbie what Claire had said to me.

Debbie said nothing but dropped her towel and stood naked while she sorted which underwear she wanted to adorn her body.

"You are gorgeous Debbie," I drooled, "Come onto the bed with me and give me a kiss."

"Not while you have Clair's juices all over you, get a shower first," Debbie said, and she slipped into her thong and bra.

Claire emerged from the shower and I took her place. 10 minutes later I had showered and put on fresh clothes. Debbie and Claire waited for me and we went down to breakfast.

We were most surprised to see Stephen sitting there laying in to a large breakfast.
