 Chrissy was working the late shift tending bar. One of her customers, a quiet, attractive middle aged man had eaten dinner at the bar an hour before. Since he finished he had been quietly observing. Saturday nights were busy, boisterous and more than a little bawdy. This man stood out because of his serene, refined air. 

He called her over to settle his tab. He placed the two crisp $50s on the bar to cover the $40 tab, and said, "No change." She looked up at him with a broad smile, and he placed his hand on top of hers before she could collect the substantial tip. "Wait," he said softly, leaning toward her. 

"Oh, great," she thought to herself.... Either he rethought his overpayment, or he was hitting on her, or, worse yet, he was expecting a 'favor' in exchange for the overpayment. She leaned toward him, still smiling, but it was less genuine now. 

He lifted his hand, letting her collect the cash, and spoke quietly so that only she could hear above the noise of the bar. "Do you and your husband enjoy 'getaway' vacations together every now and again?" 

Crap...worse than being hit on, it was a sales pitch. "Sure." 

"I represent a resort in Jamaica. A new all-inclusive, very private, very exclusive, for adventurous couples only. I'd like to invite you to be our guests for a free week, all expenses paid. Airfare, child care, everything." 

"What do we need to do? Spend half the weekend at a miserable sales meeting? Because we aren't buying." 

"No pressure. We just want your candid feedback about your experiences. If you permit us to use your comments or pictures in our marketing, you can choose be compensated either in cash or in future travel." He pushed a folder toward her. "Think about it." 

As he left she checked the folder. There were airline tickets, room reservations, all flexible, and all already printed in Chris and Kerry's names. The resort was called "Dionysian Cove." 

Three weeks later, the couple was in a getting out of a Humvee limo at the ornate front entry to the resort. There had been a free bar in the limo, so they had both had a couple of shots of Tequila to get the vacation underway. 

As soon as the door of the limo was opened, Chris was struck by a notable difference between this resort and other all-inclusive Caribbean destinations that she had visited: all the bellmen were dressed like Spartan warriors from the movie '300': flowing red capes, leather sandals, leather armor kilts, bare chests. As far as she could tell, they were all gorgeous and strongly built. She was so distracted by the beefy men hefting her heavy suitcases onto a cart for transport to her room that she almost didn't notice the beautiful brunette in the very short, semi-sheer toga and high-laced sandals offering to guide the couple to their suite. She really liked this place, and they hadn't even unpacked. 

"Hi, I'm Jillian," the brunette said, brightly. "I'll be happy to show you to your room." 

The room was beautiful, bright and airy. High ceilings, pale bamboo wood floors, warm colors and décor reminiscent of an ancient Roman villa. Sliding glass doors lined three sides of the room. On side faced a small manicured garden area and a pathway leading into the tropical forest. The "center" of the room opened toward the cove, where about twenty yards of lawn was all that separated the couple from the sparkling Caribbean beach. The side opposite the jungle faced the pool area, with a large ornate pool, and a swim up bar. Theirs was the first suite in the chain of guest rooms arcing around the pool and beach area. The style of the outdoor amenities suggested Roman ruins. Except for a few staff members, there didn't seem to be anyone else at the resort.  

"What's up, are we the only guests here?" 

"Oh, no ma'am. It's just that you're here a little ahead of the rest, since we sent the limo for you and got you on a special flight. The resort will be nearly full by dinnertime." Jillian pointed out the standard features of the room. Chris noticed Kerry studying Jillian as they went from room to room. She jabbed him with her elbow and he gave her a sly guilty grin. 

The bellmen finished stowing the luggage as the three toured the suite. Before they left to return to their posts, the two young men stood before Christine and bent down on one knee, with their heads bowed. One of them said, in a serious, dutiful tone "It was our pleasure to serve you. Simply call if you have any other wishes we may fulfill." 

Chris giggled, reaching for her purse. Jillian stopped her. "This is all inclusive, remember? And you are a special guest." The two men left without any acknowledgement toward Kerry. 

The hostess led the couple to the closet. The shower, the large marble hot tub, the dressing areas and sinks, and the large, oversize bed were all organized in an open plan. The walk-in clothes closet and the toilet area, which also included a bidet, were the only two places that were not completely visible everywhere inside the suite. Chris noticed that there didn't appear to be drapes or blinds, either, so the whole suite was open to view by anyone at the pool, beach or garden as well. The thought of stripping down, taking a shower and then simply walking around on naked display gave her a little tingle between her legs. 

Jillian pointed out two racks of clothing on hangars in the closet. On one side were a variety of togas like the one that the hostess was wearing, but more ornately decorated with gold braids and fancy trim. "These are for you, ma'am." She pointed to the other hangars which included nothing more concealing than the same type of leather skirt the bellmen were wearing, and quite a few hangars that just seemed to support a tangle of leather straps. "And these are for your consort," she said in a conspiratorial tone, still speaking to Christine, and avoiding any attention toward Kerry. 

"Dionysian Cove policies require that guests dress in the costumes we provide, or not at all. There are very few rules here, but this is one that we enforce strictly. Nudity is permitted throughout the entire resort, so beside this rule there are no other dress codes." The contrast between Jillian's cheerful tone of voice and the fact that she was telling her guests to dress in revealing costumes or not was a contrast that Chris found very provocative. 

"The clothing you brought with is locked securely here in this trunk and will be unlocked when you leave. We've taken all the toiletries and personal items out and placed them in the dresser or vanity," Jillian said, leading them back into the bedroom. 

Again, speaking only to Chrissy, Jillian cheerfully provided careful instructions. "Please take a few minutes to shower and freshen up, and change into your choice of costumes." Jillian touched Chris on the arm when she said "your choice" as though to emphasize that it was her decision alone. 

"When you've removed all your current clothing, please place it into the side drawer of the trunk I showed you, so that we can secure it as well. Just dial "7" on the room phone when you are ready, and I'll return to introduce you to your very personal room staff and discuss the wonderful opportunities for days and nights of pleasure that you will have during your stay with us Dionysian Cove." 

Kerry had begun disrobing as soon as Jillian gave the instructions. By the time she finished speaking he was naked, his long cock gradually becoming erect. Without even glancing in his direction, Jillian spoke to Christine. "Your consort is very obedient. You should have a wonderful time." The hostess exited, leaving Christine alone with her naked husband. 

"What are you doing?" she laughed. 

"She said it was okay to be naked anywhere. I just wanted to see if she would look at me," he pouted. 

"Well, since you're obviously having such fun running around naked," Chris said, grabbing the tip of his hard-on for emphasis, "maybe I should just make you run around naked all week, like a good little consort?" Kerry's cock throbbed at the suggestion. "Or maybe that would be too much fun for you. I think I saw something with a bunch of leather straps and rings in the closet that might keep you under better control." She smiled a wicked smile, really starting to get into the role that the resort staff had led her to imagine. "Help me undress, consort, I want to take a shower before they come back." 

Chrissy let Kerry do all the work of undressing her. When she was completely naked she grabbed him firmly by the balls and led him over to the poolside windows. Only fifteen feet away, a particularly buff black man was tending to the pool with a filter net on the end of a long pole. The strong man, wearing only a leather kilt, was facing away from the exposed couple. She spent some moments admiring how the muscles of his back flexed and rippled as he worked the instrument through the water, and started to get wet imagining what he might look like from the front. Feeling particularly bold and not very patient, she knocked on the window glass to get his attention. 

The pool attendant turned and appeared a little surprised to see the gorgeous blonde guest, entirely nude, smiling and waving with one hand while gripping her naked husband's scrotum tightly in the other. He lowered his eyes and bent to one knee as he was trained to do in the presence of ladies. Doing this lifted the hem of his kilt over his outstretched thigh, and Chris was treated immediately to the sight of his naked, fat black cock and heavy pendant balls swinging free under his kilt. Completely flaccid it was half again the size of her husband's. 

"Oh my god, look at that massive cock! He's not wearing anything under there." The pool man stood again after an appropriate time on one knee, and went back to his work. Chris' hand went absently to her tight, and increasingly moist pussy. She rubbed herself gently as she spent another moment gazing and imagining the possibilities. Meanwhile her grip on her husband's nuts, which she had not released since she led him to the window, gradually tightened as her reverie deepened. 

Eventually it became too painful. "Chris...owww," Kerry groaned, trying to loosen her grip without inflicting more damage. 

"Hmmm. Oh, that. Sorry," she half-heartedly apologized as she let him go. "You're going to have to learn how to do that kneeling thing, consort, or I'm going to have to punish you. I want to take a shower," she said firmly, turning on one heel and marching toward the shower, pulling her blonde tresses back into a tight ponytail as she went. "Find me a towel and wait for me to finish, on your knees of course." 

When she emerged from the shower he was there, obediently on his knees, holding the towel up toward her as an offering. She didn't know how far she could push this submission with him, but she was determined to find out, and her head filled with evil ideas on how to use him. "Dry me, consort." 

He gently toweled her off as she stood dripping on the marble tiles of the bath area. Once he finished she bade him to accompany her to the closet, where she chose the shortest, most revealing toga for herself, it tied on one shoulder and left one breast almost completely exposed, and a pair of sandals that laced with pink ribbons to her knees. There was no underwear to be found, though she wouldn't have worn it if she had any. After he finished lacing her sandals, she decided to leave her husband naked, "for easy access" and admired herself in the mirror as she dialed for Jillian. When the hostess knocked moments later, Kerry followed Chrissy's wishes and knelt by the door when he opened it. She sat across the room in a royal pose reclined on a plush white chaise lounge. Gillian entered without a word or glance at Kerry, and behind her three powerfully built men followed, two white and one latino. They wore even less than the pool man, little more than a wide belt that had a thick drape of leather folded over the front of it. Chris could see in the mirror that their firm, shapely asses were completely exposed. She prepared herself for an inspection of her servants' cocks as they each bent down on one knee before her, but this particular garment lacked the extra fabric that lifted the hem. 

"Aww," she sighed quietly. 

Kerry took his position behind his wife. Jillian stood at Chrissy's feet and introduced the servants. "Derrick, Anthony, and Eduardo," each bowed lower as his name was called. "These are your Centurions, available to you throughout your stay. You can summon them with this," Jillian handed Chris an ornate, wide golden bracelet, studded with green gemstones. "The three buttons near the clasp are marked with their initials. Press any or all and the Centurions will be ready to perform any duty you require, as quickly as they can reach you. Should one of them fail to promptly respond, or please you in any way, press the button bearing my initial and I will remedy the problem to your immediate satisfaction. Do you have any questions?" 

Kerry spoke up. "Are there any female servants for us?" 

Jillian shot him a sharp, icy glance and turned to Christine. "Has your consort no sense of his place?" 

Kerry hoped for his wife to defend him but was disappointed when his wife responded fully in character with her new role. "No, he has yet to learn it. What do you suggest?" 

"According to local law, especially enacted for this resort, you are to be treated as a goddess during your stay. The man known as your husband in the outside world is here merely your mortal consort, completely at your bidding, and should not speak or act except at your express command. If he displeases you, simply press my call button and we can have him privately disciplined, publicly punished, or sent to the resort's prison where he will be mistreated by the guards for the duration of whatever length of sentence you determine." Christine shot Kerry a glance that came through loud and clear: 'one false move and you're going to be butt-raped in jail for the rest of our vacation.' He meekly closed his gaping mouth. 

"Do you have any questions, Goddess?" 

"What are the limits of my command?" Chris was breathing faster, considering what it would mean to have three gorgeous hunks at her beck and call for the week, with her husband as a mewling servant. 

"With your Centurions, there are no limits, except that you may not require them to perform any acts that would leave a scar or physically disfigure themselves in any way." 

"That's all I needed to know! Thanks Jillian, you can go now." 

"As you wish," Jillian said, smiling broadly, and bowing deeply. 

When the hostess had gone, Chris got comfortable in the chaise lounge, laying back against the bolster and stretching out her smooth, tan legs. Never taking her eyes off the three men in kneeling in front of her, she directed a command at Kerry, "Take off my sandals, baby." He began untying and unwrapping the long pink ribbons that he had only recently tied. 

The goddess reached up and pulled the top of her toga down, completely exposing her delectable left breast. "Oops!" she said in mock innocence, her nipple quickly becoming firm, "look at that, Centurions...my nipple popped out...." The three kneeling hunks raised their eyes as the goddess commanded. Chrissy pointed her finger at Derrick and began..."Eenie, meenie, minee...." Pointing at Anthony, she whispered "You...come suck this for me." Anthony knelt beside the chaise and lovingly took her nipple in his warm mouth. 

While he sucked, sending sparks of lust shooting through her body, she pointed at the other two. "Over there, by my feet." She pointed a toe toward the end of the chaise to indicate where she wanted them positioned. They stood up and took their positions as ordered. 

"He y baby," she purred to her husband while lifting the hem of the back of her toga, exposing her perfect naked ass, "stick your tongue up in my butt and get me nice and wet." Kerry did as he was told; extending his tongue and carefully lapping at his wife's tight back entrance. 

"You two...Eduardo, Derrick...take off each other's belts and see what you brought to offer your goddess." The two men reached out and grasped the buckles. Swiftly they stripped each other, exposing their smooth, well trimmed meat to their admiring audience. Eduardo's cock was long and thin, uncut and mocha brown. Derrick's was thicker and paler, and rock hard...it came springing up from under the leather thong as it dropped. 

"Oooh," Chrissy cooed. "I can't wait to feel those beautiful cocks inside me. But Eduardo isn't hard. Derrick, get down and suck that sweet dick of his so I can see it hard." Derrick kneeled and took his fellow Centurion's sleek member and put it against his lips. He kissed and lapped at it hungrily and it rapidly grew to its full impressive length. 

Christine raised her pretty little foot to heft Eduardo's heavy balls. "Better stop there, sweetie, before you make him cum." Derrick pulled back, a glistening strand of wetness briefly connecting the tip of Eduardo's slick member to the kneeling stud's lips. She grabbed Anthony by the hair and pulled his mouth from her breast. Her nipple tingled as the cool air touched her moistened breast. "Take off your belt, hun, let me see that thing." Anthony dropped his belt and revealed the biggest cock of all, thick and heavily veined, and solid as a marble sculpture. Chrissy couldn't wait any more, she wanted them all inside her now. 

"Take off this toga, Consort, I need to get fucked." Kerry untied the belt, and then the shoulder. "Quicker!" She slapped his naked ass for emphasis, leaving a stinging red handprint. She lifted her hips so that he could slide the toga down and off, leaving her naked on the chaise. "Anthony...you, here," she growled, patting the chaise near her head. He lay down beneath her as she lifted up to make space. 

Anthony's thick erection was only inches from Chrissy's face, and she stared at it lustily, slowly teasing it with one hand. Kerry felt a rush of jealousy. He had never seen her like this before, consumed with lust. He had never seen her look at him like this, with pure animal desire, hungry for the taste of another man's cock in her mouth. 

She moved her face toward it, then stopped, stating at Eduardo through slitted eyes. "Fuck my ass, Centurion!" The young man leaned forward, as Kerry's heart sank. His wife was possessed. She never wanted to let him do this, and now she was begging for a stranger to do it. Eduardo lay down behind her, positioned his throbbing tool at her tight rear entrance, and slowly pushed his slick cock inside her. Chrissy gasped as the stab of pain was replaced with a wave of pleasure. 

She reached back wither her free hand to grab for her husband's cock. It was stiffer than she'd ever felt it. "Oh baby", she moaned toward him..."his cock feels so good inside me." Before she guided Anthony's fat cock into her waiting mouth, she moaned to Derrick, "I want you inside me, too. Fill me, fill me all up." Derrick approached with his throbbing member in hand, positioning to fulfill the command of the beautiful blonde goddess. 

This was going to be a great week, Chrissy thought. A really great week.