 Chapter 1

The sun had just risen. It shone on the leaves, it made prisms through water drops, and filtering in through the blinds it awoke Mario from his sleep. After having a nice long lazy stretch he got up and went to the bathroom to take care of the morning business. Then he went down to the kitchen to have breakfast.

He was already regretting awakening. After a long night of drinking his body had reacted adversely, his mouth had that I-drank-too-much-flavor, but, thank goodness, not with a hangover. He never got those, but had a strong desire to sleep but unable to because of job responsibilities. It was Halloween and he was looking to a very long day; meeting with all sorts of parents, and kids that just would not stay still, and cry at the mention of the word no. Also, all these people walking around asking questions and expecting quick answer that he almost decided to not go in at all. But money is necessary for one's living.

What he did enjoy was when those hot ones, MILFs or not, decided to walk in his shop and ask about what to wear. Mario enjoyed looking up and down their bodies and trying to imagine them naked then imagining them putting the costume that he chose on. Some of them were so hot! Their breasts seemed like they could not stand their confinement and just begged to be released. Sometimes their nipples stuck out pointing like lasers to everything that they were faced with. They wore tight pants that made their asses nice and round and almost ready to fuck doggy style. Then he remembered the day that he had gotten lucky with a blonde two months ago.

It had been a slow day, and Mario had been glad that he had remembered to bring a book to read just in case. The doorbell rang, and he had been slightly annoyed because he had gotten into the book, but that evaporated quickly when his eyes feasted on that beautiful sight. It was a hot blonde, wearing a halter top that did very little to conceal her ready-to-pop-out breasts which to Mario said that if they did to please suck them. The halter top also showed her flat stomach with just a hint of a four pack. She also wore short ass hugging shorts that mind you made her heart shaped ass look very fuckable indeed. It was a sight to see. Due to it he had a raging hard on within seconds.

This blonde came to him almost teasingly, but Mario had not seen her before and could not decide if it was deliberate or that was just the way she walked. With red lips that Mario imagined wrapped around his cock, she said "Hi!" 

Mario came out of his trance and said, "Hi! May I help you find anything?"

"Yes. I'm looking for a costume to wear for a party and I was told you had everything a girl could want."

"Yes. I sure do. Is there anything in particular you were looking for, or did you just wanna bounce around the store and see?" he realized how his words might be taken and blushing, corrected himself, "I mean, uh, go around the store."

"I want something sexy that will make heads turn. Just like yours did when I walked in the room."

He blushed again and stuttered an excuse, "Well ... uh ... you ... er ... uh ... very" then getting frustrated with himself, "You are very pretty," then as an afterthought, "hot."

"Why thank you!"

"You're welcome. Shall we?"

"Yes please."

A costume had come to his mind immediately but very few had the body or the bravery to wear it. It was a naughty nurse one, but oh my did this nurse looked naughty. He didn't want to go to that one right away, wanting to build her up and taking the opportunity to scan her thoroughly. What he did not know was that Ally was taking notice and was getting turned on by it. Not only that, but this was also part of a bet that she had lost and was looking forward to fulfill. She was suppose to go to a costume shop, find an outfit, and fuck the brains out of the guy who helped her. She was glad that it was Mario though. He was not bad looking, and for the most part was well built, slightly taller than her, brown eyes, tanned. You know, the Latin Lover. Plus, the looks that he was giving her were full of desire and she liked that.

He showed her a few conservative ones knowing full well that she would dislike those. He went on to a naughty Red Riding Hood that showed a lot of skin. She wanted to try that one on. Mario got it for her and when he gave it to her she said, "Don't look, okay?"

Immediately she turned dropping her shorts to show him a perfectly round ass divided by the string of her thong. Up went her top but the whole time she was not facing him. Mario's cock felt like it was going to explode just from the view. Once she had the costume on she turned to face him. It looked real good on her. It pushed her breasts up giving her a very nice cleavage. The slit on both sides ended just below the buttocks showing lots of very fine legs.

"What do you think?" she asked.

"You look good."

"Just good? Ok then this won't do."

With that she turned again, took it off showing Mario her perfect ass once again and put her clothes on. "Next."

Dominatrix was the next one but she turned it down saying, "Too common. For some reason I have a feeling that many girls are gonna be wearing that one," making Mario wish that he was invited to the party, "I need something hot, sizzling, nice and naughty all in one."

That was his cue. He showed her the nurse outfit. She wrinkled her nose slightly when she saw the word printed on the back of the costume, but as he showed her more and more of it her eyes got wider and brighter. You would think she was looking at a growing cock.

"May I try that one?"

"Please do," he said grinning.

She took her clothes off. Everything except her thong, and this time she was facing him making his heart skip a beat. Mario was not expecting that. Her breasts were firm and stayed up without the support of her bra. The nipples were dark pink protruding out about half an inch. Her areolas were about half-dollar sized colored light pink. He almost went over and began sucking them but she started to put the nurse costume on.

By the time she was done she looked just as sizzling, naughty and nice, and everything else that she wanted. Her breasts seemed ready to explode through the top. The buttons had a hard time keeping it closed and since there were only two they showed lots of that tasty looking breast; they also could not and were not intended to cover her stomach so that was there to look at as well. The skirt rode low also showing a great mid and lower section. It was also very short and came to an end just below her ass. The fish net stockings were white, matching the outfit and ending right where the skirt ended giving it an even naughtier sexier look. Also a pair of stilettos, white, that she had to bend over to put on came with the outfit. Mario could see her ass once again and paying close attention he could make out her pussy lips. They seemed slightly moist to him, but it could have been his imagination.

"What do you think?"

"Damn baby you look good enough to eat!" Mario replied, no longer restrained with embarrassment.

"Really?" and walking over to the counter she sat on the edge spreading her legs wide apart she said, "Why don't you then?"

Mario did not need to be asked twice. Just like the song says he pinned her ass to the counter and attacked the chocha. She smelled great. Her inner thighs were soft on his cheeks. He ran his tongue on one side of her smooth thighs then on the other side going over each lip at the same time. Then he hooked his fingers on the string, pulling it down for complete access. He kissed her thighs then French kissed her pussy completely ignoring her clit. He bit them lightly, then while he began thrusting his tongue in her hot cunt his hands went up to her top, skillfully undid the two buttons, then rubbed her breasts ignoring the nipples.

Ally was moaning without restrain. She could care less if anyone outside could hear or if anyone would walk in on them and apparently neither did he. He was good. His skill was bringing her to the edge quickly and what he did next took her there and pushed her over strongly. The whole time he had been ignoring her clit and nipples both engorged and begging for attention. Mario seemed like he was never going to touch them then suddenly he moved from tongue fucking her to sucking her clit and running his tongue over it very fast; also he moved his hands from squeezing her breasts to twisting and pinching his nipples. 

"Ooohhhhh I'm ccuummiinngg! Yyyeeessssssssss," she said nearly seeing stars from the power of her orgasm. Mario gladly lapped up her juices. Once he sensed that she was done he got up. Ally had to stay there for a little bit to regain her control. She noticed his cock tenting shamelessly in his pants and said, " Well, well, well. Seems that my patient has a slight problem. Would you mind if I took a look to see if there is something that I could do to fix it?"

"Oh no. Not at all. By all means have a look."

Getting on her knees she quickly undid his pants and took his member out. Her jaw nearly dropped, it was huge and thick. Her hand could barely reach around it, and it dwarfed her ex who was around five and a half or six inches. Why did she not know about him before? At least she knew him now. 'A fine specimen,' she thought, 'I'll bet it's just as tasty as it looks.'

With that she wrapped her lips around the head and ran her tongue around it making Mario shiver. She didn't play with it as she would have liked due to time constraints so she got to it and began blowing him earnestly. Her hands went to his balls softly massaging them. Her other hand went to her twat and massaged it. She didn't last long giving the blow job though because Mario played with her boobs while she was blowing him then pulled her up using them. He picked her up sat her on the counter and rammed his cock all the way in with one forceful stroke. All Ally could do was moan. She was not expecting it but it felt great inside her stretching her like no other cock had in a long time.

But Mario didn't stop there. He began ramming her moving the counter, making loud smacking sounds as their skin slapped each other. "Oh oh oh," was all that came out of Ally's mouth, her eyes rolled back, her breasts bouncing up down up down to the rhythm of Mario's thrusts. He must have done her like that for about five minutes then pushed her back so she would lie down on the counter, lifted her legs holding them by her ankles, then began thrusting into her again with even more vigor than previously. He moved back a little bit pulling her along with him so that her ass was in midair. Thanks to that angle his rod rubbed her clit while it went in out in out in out of her. That sent her to the edge; once there his cock would just not let her come down.

Mario could feel he was getting close and he was even rushed to get there by how hard her twat was squeezing him. He felt his balls tighten and said, "I'm gonna cumm all over your pusssssyy babyyyy."

"Oooohh oohhh ohhhh ..." was all she could make as a reply.

He thrust once more into her as deep as he could then exploded. Rope after rope of cum pushed into her making her cum again and again. Finally his cock deflated and came out of her with a light pop.

Once she recovered she stood up gave his cock a squeeze kissed him and said, "Thanks for the fuck, lover."

She walked over to where her clothes were, picked them up and felt a little bit of cum run down on her right thigh. She turned to him, scooped it up with her finger, sucked it for him, and said, "By the way my name is Ally. The check for the costume is on the counter, it should cover the cost," turned around, walked out. It covered a little over twice the value of the costume and Mario was very happy. 

He noticed that his cock was still hanging and quickly put it away. He could not believe his luck and was beginning to think that maybe he had fallen asleep and that this was a dream. But then he realized that she had left her panties on the floor, proving to him that it was no dream at all.

Chapter 2

Mario's cock had gotten hard just thinking about it. The thought of helping himself out came to him but at that moment two mothers, not good looking, came in with four children. Quickly he adjusted himself so that his hard-on would not be as noticeable, mostly for the little kids. But he knew from experience that they never even looked. He greeted them, they asked for Spider Man, and Batgirl, and Violet and Dash from the Incredibles and Princess Jasmine. He noticed the mother looking at his bulge but he paid no attention, not really interested. By the time he realized it, it had gone down to its normal size.

A few MILFs came in and out most of them with husbands or children and he was kept very busy. He was not going to stay open the whole day because he had plans but he was starting to get tired at the constant stream of customers. One MILF came in, that he had done six or seven months ago, with her daughter. He recognized her and remembered the time but he was being asked by others for this and that and could not dwell on it completely. But when she was leaving with her purchases, she walked over to him, and when no one was looking gave his member a quick hard squeezed.

Mario had liked that. His cock had liked it too. It almost rose, but then Mario was being asked for attention again so it receded. It was close to seven and a half hours of constant business, with the screaming, laughing, jumping of children, the voices of men and women, the opening closing of the door, the ding dong of the door bell, the sound of the register, that he was tired and glad to be closing. Two more mothers came in right before he shut the door and begged him to let them buy a costume and he did. One of them was giving him looks but his mind was too tired to acknowledge them even though his prick did. But he made a mental note to remember her next time.

They left and he closed, and when leaving he took two costumes with him that he would wear for the night. He was expecting to have fun. Was planning actually to enjoy himself thoroughly, and you never know, maybe get lucky. And he also knew that in those parties there was a chance of that happening. He had been saving himself for it for a while. He had not masturbated the whole week. What he did do however, was to try to turn himself on and off making himself hornier and hornier so that now it was hard to push sexual thoughts away from his mind.

He had decided on a Batman suit that he always liked. He was kinda built and it made him look good. Feel good. The other one had been of Mr. Incredible but a little bit modified. The symbol on the chest seemed closely to resemble a penis entering a vagina, while on the crotch it made a hard dick stand out a bit more giving it more definition. He had gotten that one recently. There was very little doubt on his mind that he was going to wear it. Ah, the benefits of working at a costume shop.

He got home, drank his usual shake but with a few things added to make him stronger for the night just in case. He took a nice hot shower, washing himself very well and got dressed. He was ready for the party. The suit really did look good on him. And it felt real good on his skin. There was no way that he was gonna be going round in an uncomfortable suit so he had made sure that the material was nice. He was wearing nothing underneath it as well, just to add to the definition. Plus, the suit really did feel good. The way it was built it held his cock in an upright position whether hard or not. Due to the softness of the material it kept making him more aroused and knowing that he would try his best to get into a pussy.

He drove his car to the party. There were lots of people on the street wearing all sorts of costumes. Little kids and big kids and dads and daughters and moms were all over the street, but it seemed that there were a lot more adults now than children. That made sense though since it was getting late. He saw the blonde that he had sold the Naughty Nurse wearing that costume and it brought him the memories back again. It also brought his rod memories because it immediately reacted. He almost stopped to say hello but decided against it. Plans had been made already and he was intending to stick to them. His friend had said to be sure to be there because they were going to have a surprise.

When he arrived he could tell that most of the people, if not all, were there already. The music was playing at the back yard. Mario added his car to the collection of cars parked on the street. Walking confidently, enjoying the fresh night air he made his way to the house. There was no need to knock simply he let himself in. It was a good party. People were talking here and there, males and females dressed in all sorts of costumes raging from a baby to Chewbacca to Sailor Moon to Actresses and Actors. He said hi to as many as he saw enjoying the looks that he was receiving. Already he was getting attention and his prick wasn't even awake yet. 

"Hey George!" he said to his friend when he saw him. It immediately made him glad that he was wearing what he was because George was dressed as Batman.

"Hey Mario! What took you so long? You look good. Come let me introduce you. The girl with the witch costume is Amanda. That's Jennifer. John is over there. The rest I think you already know."

"Yeah!"

"Ok then. Go get yourself a drink."

"Glad to. I could use one."

"Feel free."

He walked over to Sarah who was mixing and was a real bartender. She was dressed as an undead Cheerleader. She looked good in an odd sort of way with the legs seemingly scratched and a soiled short skirt. The top was ripped almost so that you could make out her nipples. Sexy. He's cock was beginning to react. "Down boy, not yet," he said.

He began to mingle and as the night progressed. Along with it the drinks, the getting closer and more comfortable also progressed. He danced with many of the girls, getting close and pressing his now fully awake member on to them so they could appreciate his size as well as his intentions. They didn't seem to mind. He kissed a few and got to feel up a few others making him very horny. Especially a Mexican one with huge breasts that he wished very much that he could grab and suck them. Actually, he had the opportunity to feel her up rubbing her nipples. He was sure he would have had her but her cell rang. Then she told him that it was her hubby and that she had to go.

"Damn! So close and yet so far."

"Hey Mario!" called his friend, "Come on. The surprise is about to start."

He went to the house and was surprised to notice that most of the people had gone. Seemed that he might have spent more time than he expected with big boobs Brenda. When he walked in the living room it was nice and candle lit. The light had been turned off. There were decorations that glowed in the dark adding to the atmosphere. He was glad to notice that his suit was glowing in the dark too especially much more around the groin.

"So what's the surprise?" he asked Gorge.

"Well. Amanda here is a witch. And she says that tonight is a good night for witchcraft. She is going to perform."

"Oh really." He was getting a little skeptical. "And what will you be doing?" said he addressing her. Also he paid more attention and noticed that she was really sexy. Jennifer also was there and John. But Mario noticed that they did not seem to be attached so he looked at Jennifer more freely. She was sexy too with big breasts. She was dressed like Elvira Mistress of the Dark and she looked good. John wore a Super Mario Brothers outfit, and Amanda wore a sexy Snow White Witch. God she looked hot. That was his prick talking now. He noticed that it had gone to full attention again.
