 As they arrived on Level 5 of the Game, the wife-initiates were handed tall Champagne glasses filled with an elixir of honey and Red Bull to wash it down, a powerful mixture to accelerate the release of Brandi and Joan's endorphins. In case their natural sensual reaction to all the foreplay had not produced enough sexual tension, the Cougar Game designers intended each new wife initiate to approach first couplings at the Retreat with a sexual hunger bordering on frenzy. The wives pussies ached, their nipples had reddened and elongated, and what had been erasure-head clits swelled to large marbled orbs hypersentive to the slightest touch. Brandi and Joan were prepared in mind and body for life-changing sex.

The Performance Chamber transformed quickly into a new erotic setting. Now at center stage were two black marble platforms each with a piece of black leather and chrome furniture bolted atop. The two altar-like structures were encircled by amphitheatres containing enough curving seat pads on three levels for perhaps thirty on-lookers each. The amphitheatres were steep, so events on the two initiation altars would take place close to the surrounding seats, less than fifteen feet from the on-lookers in the middle row, closer down below, and slightly farther away up top, but still very close to the action. 

More importantly, each altar's 'fucking chair' lived up to its name. As designed by the Bauhaus followers of Le Corbusier in early twentieth century Berlin, the undulating black leather and chrome lounge chair's elegant simplicity had markedly improved on Cleopatra's chaise lounge chair on which the Queen of the Nile had seduced Mark Anthony. Rising from a stable dropped footrest to overlay a peaked ridge of chrome that naturally fit the contour of a bended knee, undulations of strong taut leather continued downward to a deep V where asses could nestle before the leather circled below a chrome bar and then rose asymmetrically to a long comfortable back and neck support. The whole structure was over-engineered to support two adults in passionate rough sex without the slightest give or creak. The genius of the design lay in the positions for intercourse accommodated so naturally by the shape of the leather planes in the undulating surfaces of the chair. Hence, this icon of modern design had been nickname "the fucking chair." 

Tingling with a sexual fever they had never known before, Brandi and Joan were led to their respective initiation altars. The ceremonies would take place simultaneously but neither woman would see what was happening to the other. These were individual matters to be decided by each of the wives/initiates based on their own logic, instincts, and impulses. No one doubted the ultimate outcome would be an act of wild intercourse and mind-bending orgasm, a definitional act of infidelity the women knew their husbands would be watching. But such conflicting issues were the farthest thing from their sex-riveted minds. Brandi and Joan's only immediate questions were their choice of sexual partners, the pace at which their defilement would proceed, and the number of repetitions before the Cougar Game ended. 

Perched on their chrome and leather fucking chairs, Joan and Brandi turned to look at the Dionysus Retreat members at their feet in the lowest circle of seats. None of them were men with whom they had experienced foreplay on Level 4. Similarly, at waist level in each amphitheatre, onlookers who were not their intended sex partners lounged about, many smiling encouragement in their direction. The top row was where their potential sex partners waited for selection. It was accessible back and forth between Brandi and Joan's amphitheatres so they could share studs if they wanted. Only when their eyes rose to the top row did each wife see the cocks they had played with downstairs.

And lots of cocks there were: long narrow cocks well over a foot in length hanging almost to the knee, thick cocks the size of a Coke can that perhaps could fit inside an experienced woman's cunt. One three-inch diameter phallus was short and insanely squat perhaps just two inches longer than their husband's penises. Joan looked up this stud's torso and recognized Doughboy, the stud she'd made a mental note about in the darkened hallway of louvered doors downstairs. Another three-inch-thick cock was almost twice their husband's length and looked like RamCola's. Maybe it really was? A fourth cock was curved with a distinct left veer about one third up from its root. Lefttwist on a doorplate echoed in their memories. Another had dozens of crimson veins throbbing and pulsating in a spider web across the length of the shaft like pencil-size ropes. Brandi recognized Rebel to whom she had given a blowjob on the floor below. Sonia had instructed him to move back and forth between the two amphitheatres enhancing his chance of being chosen first. WhiteZilla, with whom Sonia herself had engaged in oral sex behind one of the louvered doors, was on the top row. Another potential partner up there had a nice nine incher (50% longer than their husband's dicks). Intriguing to Joan, this 2 ½ -thick cock was topped by a wide-flanged mushroom-shaped head. Joan figured the extra wide 3 inch+ rim of this man's cockhead would rub continuously against her G-spot. Such a phallus would answer for sure her burgeoning curiosity about just how intense an orgasm induced by a big cock could feel. She wanted to experience that without forcing the entire length of her entire vagina to double its breadth from 1 ½ to 3 inches in the first moments of her extramarital fucking. Thereafter, she reasoned this staffer named Capstone would be able to use her released juices to open her up nine inches deep—half again deeper than Brock had ever gone. 

But she was less intrigued by length than by thickness. An incredible feeling of being "filled up" by a man's thickness not his penetration depth was what made big cock sex the mind-blowing experience she had read it could be in Sonia's guidebook. Although she wasn't ready to stretch her cunt to accommodate a Coke can like Doughboy or RamCola, Joan liked the idea of Capstone's wide-flanged cockhead maintaining continuous contact with the inner walls of her still tight and relatively narrow vagina. In short, Joan wanted a mind-bending G-spot orgasm to start her evening's final adventure. 

Stuart and Brock had always wondered what it would be like to peek in on intimate relations between Brandi or Joan and a new lover. Wife watching was why they had encouraged their wives to go ahead and make the call to respond to the invitation to the Dionysus Retreat. Neither had triggered the invitation in any way, but they were both intrigued by their foursome experience in St. Lucia. Stuart and Brock had mentally prepared for wife swapping that night in the Caribbean. Watching their best friend fuck his wife had turned them on to the idea of watching someone else fuck their own wives. After intense fucking with their husbands, Joan had entertained them all at the end of the evening with those two black and white dildos. Then everyone had gone to their own marital bed. The wife swapping just had not quite happened. 

Stuart and Brock had talked that afternoon about the fact that Brandi and Joan might just go for wife swapping at a place like the Dionysus Retreat. What had already occurred tonight suggested they had been right, and each eagerly awaited their call to action. However, nothing had prepared them for the exhibition in an amphitheatre that now met their gaze behind Floor 5's illuminated panels. Though each couple had discussed threesomes and foursomes, no observers other than the wife-watching husband had been contemplated. Yet, here before their eyes, not only Stuart and Brock, but dozens of costumed and masked observers were going to witness Brandi and Joan's infidelities. 

Just as neither woman could see the choices made by the other initiate, neither husband was able to view more than one initiation altar at a time. The illuminated panels were designed in such a way that Stuart had to watch Brandi and only Brandi while Brock had to watch Joan and only Joan. They could of course have swapped their illuminated panels and peered in on their neighbor's act of marital infidelity. But in Sonia's experience, this appealed to fewer than five percent of the husbands brought to experience cuckolding at the Retreat. If a man was to be cuckolded, he wanted to confirm it himself. 

Before Brandi could invite a sex partner to descend to her chrome and leather altar chair, Sonia motioned two lesbians with a clear rigid strap-on to ascend to the altar and make one final demonstration before the initiation matings began. The two bi-sexual staffers pinched and mouthed each another, and then proceeded to a 69 that was achingly beautiful to watch. Both women caressed and tongued one another to a quiet moan-filled pair of orgasms. Jumping up, the one named Harriet (Harriet from the RSVP call, Brandi wondered) then entered her friend from behind and began fucking her with the clear artificial cock hard and fast. Julie, whose butt and penetrated pussy were raised high by the undulating folds of the fucking chair, yelled out,

"You go bitch! Oh gawd that's good. You do me so well Harriet. Don't stop! Yes, right there!"

Brandi's laced-around-the-crotch mini-pants were pinching her pussy lips. Wearing the garment the last two hours had made Brandi especially conscious of her pussy lips rather than the inner depths of her sex organs. This was just what Sonia had intended in suggesting to the costume staff that the less sexually experienced wife be steered toward a lace-up mini-pant costume. 

"Oh yesssss. That's it! I'm coming," shouted out the woman being fucked doggy style. "Ah, iiieeeeeee! And again, Ah iiieeeeeeeeeee!"

Brandi wanted to fuck and be fucked by the big cocks all around her. She had made up her mind to do so, but first she wanted a full-scale lesbian tongue job to soothe the stinging and yet relieve the aching need she felt between her legs. Over the last year, ever since St. Lucia, Joan had started providing twenty-minute-long tongue ministrations to Brandi's pussy in the late morning or early afternoon gettogethers they had almost every day. Those tongue jobs had carried Brandi to a higher sexual plane than Stuart's cock had ever managed. She didn't broadcast it in clothes or attitude or behavior toward other women than Joan, but Brandi could be said to be on the verge of bisexuality. Sonia had sensed precisely that, and it was why the two lesbians had just performed on Brandi's altar two feet away from where she was sitting. Looking up to the third row of potential partners, Brandi spotted beside Rebel a beautiful buxom woman in African headdress sporting a large strap-on black dildo. Usa Vondora smiled back, awaiting her nod. The plan was working. Brandi motioned her to come down, and her Cougar Game started in earnest. 

Stuart was surprised as Brandi motioned down the woman with an African headdress. She stood to display a black strap-on dildo attached by thick elasticized beige straps around her waist and thighs. Her strap-on phallus swayed menacingly in front as Usa descended to the initiation altar. To Stuart's eyes it was just mammoth perhaps wider than anything he'd ever seen go in a woman's body and a foot long. 

At that moment Brandi mostly was thinking of her stinging pussy lips that needed the attention of Usa's mouth, not any penetration prospects of her attached strap-on dildo. So Brandi rested her own ass on the middle rail of the fucking chair and immediately perched one of her stiletto heels high up atop the top endrail intended by the Bauhaus designers for back or neck support. Except they knew, sometimes one wanted a good pussy licking. Usa understood immediately and facing Brandi, slid one leg through under Brandi's raised leg. Now straddling the middle of the chair, with her ass on the lowest level leather crease, Usa's mouth was exactly at the level of Brandi's pussy. 

Cunt eating is an art form, and just as Brandi had hoped, Usa was an expert at it. First, Usa removed and unlaced Brandi's mini-pant using primarily her teeth. It took much longer that way, but Usa knew the wife-initiate would be driven crazy by the delay. She was. Brandi was writhing by the time clit lapping and tongue diving started in earnest. The experienced lesbian dominatrix took Brandi several times to the heights of passionate oral sexing without letting her go over the top to an orgasm. 

"Please don't stop; don't be a bitch!" yelled Brandi after one particularly close but determined ending. "Finish me, ravage me, make me come," she screamed. 

In a blink of an eye, the powerful woman lifted Brandi's hips off the padded middle bar of the fucking chair and slid them purposefully down the steep leather seat. At the bottom of this path, Usa's strap-on dildo waited, pointing straight up at Brandi's cunt. The shiny ebony dildo looked like a black marble obelisk, eleven inches long and a little wider than a Red Bull can. 

Arresting the downward progress of Brandi's pussy just millimeters from her strap-on's anvil-shaped cockhead, Usa looked up into Brandi's eyes and waited for her consent. A moment went by, and time stood still. Sonia Drapier held her breath. Stuart's wide-open staring eyes narrowed, and his jaw dropped. Usa's arm muscles spasmed as she held Brandi frozen in space. Brandi's blood-filled engorged pussy lips were suspended for the moment hanging just above the piercing upright spear Usa had hoped she might get to use to plumb the depths of this new wife-initiate. 

Then, Brandi nodded her assent, and a piercing scream of orgasmic pleasure echoed throughout the 5th floor,

"Oh, yes.... My gawd! That feels so good! Ahh iiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!"

Usa had dropped the white woman on the strap-on dildo such that Brandi's full body weight left her impaled on eight inches of the upright shaft. Normally, this first penetration of Brandi's cunt would have ended about as deep as Stuart had always ended, at roughly a depth of six inches. But because of the excess lubrication each wife-initiate had been expelling for hours, and because of the surprise dropping of her full body weight, and most of all because of the astute design of the fucking chair, Joan found her cunt opened up to greater depth like a pierced peach. 

Usa's first penetration felt immensely good, so Brandi immediately wondered whether the artificial cock had anything left. Daring to look down, she saw three more inches of black dildo remaining below her distended pussy lips. Looking up, Brandi realized that Usa was just all smiles, grinning from ear to ear. Usa had found another hot one and knew this was the beginning of many similar male role playings with this new wife-initiate.

Soon the two women were humping up and down in a quick-step cadence that took Brandi deeper and deeper into unchartered sexual territory. Screaming, "I'm coming, I'm coming,"

she felt Usa's powerful hands upon her shoulders pressing sharply downward, and then Brandi realized she'd bottomed out! All eleven inches of the 2 ½ inch-wide artificial cock were buried in her stretched out tube of flesh that constituted the walls of Brandi's vagina. Her former tight short pussy was now a deep distended cunt. Just that recognition would normally have put Brandi over the top. But in addition in this case, every nerve fiber of Brandi's very being screamed out at once for orgasmic relief. She spasmed and shook all over, with firecrackers under fluttering eyeballs in response to the long black dildo on which she was impaled.

"Ahh! Ahh! Ahh iiiieeeeee! Ahh iiieeeeee! Ah eeeeeee!" pealed out of Brandi's mouth. 

Stuart looked on with admiration and disbelief. His wife had in fact once, while very drunk, inserted a Red Bull can a little ways into her pussy just for fun, but now she sat before him with eleven inches of comparable dildo buried deep up in her inner organs. And she was clearly enjoying herself. Riding Usa's giant strap-on dildo reverse cowboy, Brandi provided the Retreat audience and Stuart a perfect view. As she impaled herself and squatted down, Brandi's pussy lips folded over and were dragged in by the big artificial cock, prominently displaying a huge swollen clit. When she turned around and rode facing Usa, the thickening engorged folds of her pussy lips and the entire first two inches of Brandi's vagina were pulled out and stretched down the glistening black shaft. Her orgasm was a screamer, louder than Stuart had ever heard her scream in the throes of pleasure he had triggered. 

"Oh, my gawd! Ahh eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! Ahh iiieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

Indeed, Usa was hardly done, and the artificial cock coupling resumed. Brandi got off four more times before climbing off her lesbian partner.

"Wow, was that fabulous! I didn't really know it could be that intense with another woman."

"That and lots more to learn tonight Brandi," replied Usa. "But I'm curious. You and Joan have never fooled around with one another?"

"Well, we do but just with tongues and fingers, not with a strap-on dildo."

"How were the tongues and fingers? Did you both get off?"

"Oh yes; we'd always been into oral sex with each of our husbands. Long ago I learned to deep throat Stuart. But we always wondered what we could do with our tongues and mouths to each other. When we went at it, boy did we like what we found! I liked it a lot (more than Joan) but not as much as I liked what you just did to me with that strap on!"

"Big cock sex, Brandi, that's what you're here to experience tonight. Big dildos, big orgasms, and maybe later a big live cock, right? Thinking about it, aren't you, I can tell, but for now, come here."

Reaching out her arms, Usa said with a tone that expressed her conviction that at least temporarily she, not Brandi, was in charge, "My turn now, come here and do me."

With that, Usa took off her strap-on, revealing a pumped pair of pussy lips standing straight up and the thickest longest ridge atop a pussy Brandi had ever seen. Apparently the suction device at the bottom of the strap-on had pumped Usa's pussy as she gave Brandi her vigorous fucking the last fifteen minutes. Brandi just stared and stared at Usa's pussy framed by a white lace crotchless panty. She was transfixed by the marble-sized clit pushing its way out of the raised tube of black flesh.

"Never seen a big clit? Come flick it with your tongue and get me off."

Dropping back onto the deepest crevice of the fucking chair, Brandi felt the taut leather sandpaper along her now very tender pussy lips and her own clitoris. But as Usa raised her hips, there right before her eyes, six inches away, was a whitened marble of flesh bathed in copious amounts of fluid. Brandi stuck out her tongue, and a spark of static electricity jumped between tongue and clit. Each woman was startled by the unexpected jolt and squealed at the little shock but smiled at the applause their performance triggered. Brandi quickly leaned in and began a slow rhythmic lapping of Usa's swollen clit. The oozing pussy juice tasted sweet, and Brandi suctioned off more by placing her whole mouth over Usa clitoral hood and pussy lips. Moans followed, then furious flicking, and Usa's screams pierced the altar chamber.

"You're on it. Right there! Do me! Do me! Ahh iiiieeeeeeee! Yes, again, Ah iiieeeeeeeeeee!

Stuart didn't quite know if he dared allow himself to experience relief or whether he should feel disappointment. Surrounded by black 'horsecocks,' Brandi had chosen to pursue infidelity with a lesbian instead. He had no idea what had been going on between Joan and his wife as they experimented with lesbian sex. But he did know he had expected Brandi to take on a big cock. And of course, in one sense she had. The thick and long black strap-on dildo Usa Vondora had used on his wife had changed the contours of Brandi's cunt forever. Just as he had read in Sonia's Guide to Big Cock Sex, Brandi might never again be able to feel his 6 x 1 ½ incher. Not with the way Vondora had filled Brandi up to a depth of eleven inches with her 2 ½ inch-wide artificial penis. Still, Brandi had not exactly "gone Black," so maybe she would "Come Back." Perhaps, Stuart thought, he could still give her creditable orgasms with his standard issue white penis. 
