 Pancakes, bacon and eggs made for a hearty brunch. It was a picture of domestic bliss: Mason and his wife, Elizabeth, sharing a meal with Elizabeth's sister, Charlotte. No one appeared ill at ease; there was no sense of embarrassment or hint of jealousy. Could life be this uncomplicated after the events of this morning? After all, it isn't every day that Mason and his wife had sex in the pool and were being watched. And then, to have a sexually frustrated Charlotte joined them to beg her sister to let her have sex with Mason. A compassionate Elizabeth agreed and watched them do it from the kitchen window.

After he had eaten his fill, Mason announced he was going to take a nap. The women said they were each going to take a shower. One wanted to wash the chlorine off her body while the other one had some spunk to remove. The three of them scheduled a cook out to be followed by a friendly game of tennis for that evening.

Mason left and as the two sisters were cleaning up the dirty dishes, Elizabeth said, "Please don't take this the wrong way Charlotte, but you've got the biggest, thickest bush I have every seen. I have a little clipper that I use to trim myself. If you would like to borrow it while you take your shower..."

"Yes. Thanks. Like grass on an abandon lot, I've let the fur on my neglected pussy grow wildly."

Charlotte headed to the guest bathroom while Elizabeth went to get the clippers. When Elizabeth arrived at the door to the bathroom, she saw Charlotte sitting naked on the edge of the tub running a bath. Something caused Elizabeth to pause and to stare. She felt a twinge... a twinge of what? Elizabeth shook her head, as if trying to clear it, and said, "Here Charlotte," as she offered her the clippers. 

Charlotte turned to accept it and said, "I've never used one of these before. Can I just start clipping away? Will I need to follow up with a razor?"

"It will cut the hair fairly short. You may find it good enough for some areas, but there are areas where I still use my razor."

"How do you turn it on?"

"Here," Elizabeth said, showing her the switch. Seeing a confused look on her sister's face and knowing that she never was very mechanically orientated she said, "I'll show you how it works." Charlotte smiled a "Thanks," and spread her legs. Elizabeth wondered why it was so hot in here?

Elizabeth said, "All right, do you want a regular bikini cut?"

"You know, I'm sick of the whole mess. Let's just cut it all off."

"You'll look just like you did when you were eight," Elizabeth exclaimed.

"Then my bottom will match my top. I've got the boobs of an eight-year-old," Charlotte replied laughing as she pushing out her small chest. The nipples on her "A" cup sized breasts were standing at attention, but even then they did not amount to much.

Elizabeth, thought back to this morning when she had touched Charlotte's breasts, she sighed quietly and said, "Don't be so hard on yourself. You're beautiful. My breasts sag so much that Mason teases me with that old Don Rickle's joke: not to take my bra off in front of the bathroom sink because it will hurt when I hit my head on the counter." They both laughed.

"Here we go," Elizabeth said, as she ran the clippers through her sister's pubic hair. After five or six swipes, the bushy triangle in front was gone. She had Charlotte lean back and spread her legs more so she could work on the rest of the hair. In another minute or so the outline of Charlotte's pussy was clearly visible. Elizabeth was feeling warm again. She wondered, was it be possible that at forty-two years of age she was experiencing a pre-menapause hot flash?

Charlotte said, " That was pretty quick, too quick in fact. Could you do a little more around my mound?"

That area was pretty well trimmed. A confused Elizabeth said, "Okay." Charlotte reached down and pressed the body of the device against her pubic bone. The clipping blades were up in the air. Elizabeth blushed as she realized that her sister was enjoying the vibrations of the little clippers. She also noticed Charlotte was moist.

"Do you two want to be alone?"

"It feels so good, sis. Can you give me another minute?" Charlotte asked as she let go of the clippers and sunk two fingers in her pussy.

"Charlotte! Do you have no shame?"

Before Charlotte could answer, she bucked her hips causing her sister to fumble the clippers. A startled Elizabeth managed to quickly switch off the unit and she doubled clutched the clippers to keep from dropping it. In doing so, Elizabeth dragged her knuckles across her sister's newly shaven lips. Charlotte shuttered and moaned at the contact, and orgasmed. Involuntarily, she rolled slightly onto her side and drew her feet up as she gasped for air.

Elizabeth swatted her sister's lean butt and said while laughing, "I really can't believe you! Have you turned into some kind of sex maniac that will get off anywhere? At any time?"

Charlotte drew in a deep breath and exhaled loudly and slowly. "Maybe so or maybe it was your pancakes. Sis, my body was suddenly swept up by an urgent need. I felt like I was going from neutral to one hundred miles per hour in an instant. It was as if the orgasm wasn't going to be denied."

"I'm sorry for making you an unwitting partner," Charlotte said.

"I guess it was worth it to learn what I look like to Mason when I cum. You're on your own for the rested of the haircut. You'll find razors in the cabinet." Elizabeth stood up, laughed some more and left the bathroom. As she walked away, she became of aware of the wetness of her cunt. Elizabeth then realized that she hadn't been having hot flashes, she had been sexually turned on by the experience.

Later on, after dinner and the day had cooled down, everyone met out at the tennis court. They rallied some and then decided to play a game or two. Mason challenged the sisters. He played to the double lines while they had to play to the single lines. And he would have one serve while the girls got both of theirs. The play was spirited, but no one was going to be mistaken for a professional tennis player. Mason was a better athlete and he won the first two games.

The trash talk began to flow. Everyone was having fun. The girls lost a third game at "love". Elizabeth and Charlotte were too competitive to allow this situation to continue. Desperate to win at least one game, they called a time out and huddled beside and then behind a tool shed to discuss a new strategy. When they emerged, they fiercely challenged Mason's manhood and dared him to play one more game: winner takes all.

Mason asked them, "What does winner-takes-all mean?"

"Oh, you know," said Elizabeth smiling seductively. "If you win you can name your prize. If we win you might find that you are our slave for the night."

"Okay. I'm in. First to three points wins? We'll take turns serving. Do you what to serve first?'

Charlotte coolly answered, "No tiger. You go first."

Mason grabbed a couple of balls and went back to the service line. His first serve would be to Charlotte. As he was tossing the ball in the air. A flash of white caught his eye. Elizabeth, who was standing on the mid-court line, had pulled up her dress. A distracted Mason lost the point on a serve out of bounds. Mason was left wondering was that underwear or flesh he had seen?

Charlotte prepared to serve for their side. Again at the toss there was unusual movement on their side of the court. Elizabeth had turned around, pulled up her skirt and mooned him. There was no doubt this time. She wasn't wearing any underwear. A startled Mason barely was able to put the ball in play. Charlotte took his weak return cross-court and the women were up two to nothing.

"That's a very good strategy you two have. Without the weight and no longer encumbered by underwear, your ability to cover the court is sure to improve."

Mason prepared to serve to Elizabeth. She and Charlotte were mooning him with skirts held high. He almost missed the ball. However, his poor effort did get into play and with his opponents out of position, he won the point. 

Now Elizabeth served while Charlotte performed. She flashed Mason with a view of her front and a view of her backside. Mason was learning to ignore their erotic distractions and won the point. Tie game.

The girls huddled while Mason bounced a ball preparing to serve for the win. Their frantic exchange was accompanied by wild gesturing. "Charlotte your idea of going bottomless no longer seems to be working. Should we change our game plan?" Elizabeth asked.

"What else can you suggest?" Charlotte asked.

"We could go topless or even naked."

"Wow, sis. Do you want to win that badly? I'm game if you are."

"All right then, let's take everything off," Elizabeth said. The women began giggling and stripping. In a moment their shirts, bras and skirts were tossed in the corner. 

Mason marveled at the sight. The sisters took their position and seem to make a point of jumping. Their breasts bounced provocatively. Mason said, " I should forfeit to you right now. What a beautiful sight! But the stakes are even greater than the view I'm getting now. Ladies, we're going to play this one out." With that Mason served an ace and shouted a resounding "Yes!" as he went into his victory dance.

His nude and defeated opponents met him at the net. Elizabeth said, "You win. What'll your prize be?"

"For starters you two stay just the way you are. In fact let's all be naked. I declare this a clothing optional evening," Mason said. He took off all of his clothes. "Let's go have a drink while I think of something suitable. " A smiling Mason put an arm around each of them and escorted them to the deck. His erect penis led them the whole way.

Charlotte reached down and gently tapped Mason's dick and said, "All right big boy, tell us how you won that last point. We were sure that by being naked you would be too distracted to win. We figured you would become light headed as all your blood went to your dick. If you didn't make mental mistakes, Elizabeth said we could always count on you tripping over your erection." 

"Very funny ladies. Actually your beauty and sexiness worked against you. Sure, at first I just wanted to stare." He had them stop walking and face him. "You both have gorgeous tits. I love your giant chocolate auroras and pointy nipples." He reached out to each of them and cupped a breast. "I love the way they bounce and jiggle and sway deliciously from side to side. In deed, they are intoxicating. But then I remembered our bet and I asked myself, did I just want to watch them or did I want to own them? I wanted to possess them, so I forced my self to concentrate. I call it my delayed gratification strategy." In triumph, Mason led the sisters to the deck.

As they sat on the deck, they enjoyed the night sky and a bottle and a half on Kendall-Jackson's Chardonnay. The conversation naturally turned to sex and Charlotte said, "I surprised myself today by coming down to the pool with only a towel on. And then to actually have the nerve to take it off and asked for sex. This morning was the hottest sex I've ever had. " 

Elizabeth asked, "Mason, what was the biggest turned you've ever experienced?"

Mason was smart enough to know that the correct answer would involve his wife, but he really didn't have to lie for his answer. "Elizabeth, one of the most exciting moments for me happened after we had been married for about two years. It was the first time you touched yourself while we were having sex. I can still see you rubbing your clit while I fucked you from behind. That real sent me and I still love it when you pinch your nipples or rub your pussy."

"How about you, honey," Mason asked. "What has made you the hottest?"

A blushing Elizabeth said, "To be honest, mine happened today too. After I left you two in the pool, I thought it would be easier on me if I kept myself busy. I started cleaning up the kitchen. I soon found myself cleaning the sink and I couldn't help but look at you two through the kitchen window. Next, I'm using my bird watching binoculars to get a better look. Let's just say, you two weren't the only ones to have an orgasm." 

Everyone was quiet for a minute. Then Mason said, "Ladies, another glass of wine?"

"I'm all ready over my limit and you know it," a smiling Elizabeth castigated her husband. "Why don't you announce you're plans for us? We know it involves sex with both of us." 

Charlotte, who had had her share of the wine, giggled and asked, "Are you going to spank us?"

"No. No punishment, only pleasure. Follow me you two." Mason escorted them into the master bedroom. He pulled the cover and top sheet off the bed and had them lie down beside each other face up. Mason went to his sock drawer and got two Velcro restraints. He looped one through the headboard and attached it to their inside wrists. He put the other strap through the footboard and attached it to their inside ankles. 

The women responded with a mixture of "ooh's and ahh's" and giggling. Mason said, "You two rest for a minute. I have a very busy evening planned. I'll be back with my necessary supplies." 

After Mason left the room, Elizabeth asked, "Charlotte are you okay with this? Is it too kinky for you?"

Charlotte laughed and said, "After I had you help me masturbate this afternoon, you're worried about anything being too kinky for me?" Charlotte laughed. "Really I'm okay with it. I'm finding it hot, sexy and pleasurable. How about you?"

"I'm liking it more than I imagined I would. Speaking of this afternoon, I felt funny when I has trimming you. Only after you had orgasmed did I realize how turned on I was. I was excited and more than a little moist, just like when I saw you and Mason having sex." 

Mason returned with a small tray carrying: two peaches, a cup of ice, a bottle of baby oil and Elizabeth's vibrator. Charlotte cooed, "What's all that for?"

"As I told you, I have a big evening planned. I've brought the vibrator along just in case. My ego is not so huge that I'm positive that I can satisfy you both. Truth be told, I may blow my wad just looking at you sexy babes. If that happens, I know I won't be ready for another at bat until morning. I'm not a teenager any more." 

Mason set the tray on the nightstand and hopped into bed between them. He took turns kissing one while stroking the neck and breasts of the other. After a few minutes of french kissing and petting. Mason moved down to their breasts. Again, he alternated licking and sucking one woman while he gently cupped the breast of the other, pulling and rolling her nipple between his thumb and index finger. Mason has attentive and the sisters were responsive. Their gentiles warmed and became moist and their breast swelled with large, erect nipples. 

Elizabeth reached down and grabbed his swollen cock. She began to stroke him. Mason gently pried her hand off his prick and said, "Honey, I'm so close to the edge, I'm afraid I may cum any minute. Please don't give me any more stimulation."

Mason grabbed an ice cube with each hand. He rubbed its wicked coolness over the faces, necks and breasts of his prisoners. They shivered under his touch. He then took the cubes across their stomachs and thighs. 

There was very little noise in the room. When the silence was broken it was more likely to be a sigh or a satisfied moan than a spoken word. Everyone was enjoying the contact in the dimly lit room

Mason continued to work his way down their naked bodies. He was ready to enjoy their pussies. He marveled at the fully exposed, hairless cunt of Charlotte. He ran his finger along her slit and explored the folds of her sex. She was moist and fragrant. 

Mason turned to his wife. Her pussy was neatly trimmed. She had a landing strip of hair above her mound and her opening was ringed with curly black hair. He spread the hair, exposing the pink flesh. He pushed his tongue in, licked her the length of her slit and finished the stroke by flicking the tip of his tongue on her clit. This elicited the usual response. Elizabeth sighed and began rocking her hips.

Mason sat up on his knees and picked up a ripe peach from the tray. He split the fruit in two and discarded the seed. With a piece in each hand, he reached out to the women and rubbed their warm, wet pussies with the peach. It added to their lubrication and aroma. He took turns putting his face down into their love boxes. He would rub the peach on their pussies. The women enjoyed the texture and the motion. He would lick and eat the peach and he would lick and eat the lady. The smell, the texture, the juice of the peach added to everyone's pleasure. 

Mason had brought his partners to a highly excited state. He now slipped two fingers into each of them and finger fucked them. The sisters fed off of the sexual energy of the other. The cries and sighs of one stimulated the other as much as Mason's touch. Eventually, Elizabeth was brought to orgasm by the sounds produced by Charlotte. She heard the sharp, excited breathing and the slurpy sounds of fingers rapidly being pumped in and out of her sister' saturation cunt and she came.

Elizabeth's orgasmic cries triggered the same results in Charlotte. Each sister now was no longer breathing or making noise. They reached down to halt the motion of Mason's hands. A moment ago that stroke brought them pure pleasure, now their overly sensitive pleasure centers could not allow or accept one more touch.

Mason stopped his efforts and sat back and watched the effects. The sisters experienced spasms of pleasure. Slowly, they relax their coiled bodies and they began breathing again. The manacled hands unclenched the fingers of their bedmate. After a minute or so the girls regained control of their throats and the involuntary moans and groan ceased. Elizabeth and Charlotte were back from their orgasmic journey.

Mason removed the Velcro restraints and said, "Turn over you two. I want you side-by-side on your hands and knees. I've enjoyed the full frontal nudity, now I want to see the other side. " The women followed his instructions. Mason stepped back to take in the view. In front of him were two beautiful, naked asses. They had each spread their legs so that he had a perfect view of the curved flesh of their butts, their little brown assholes and the tender pink flesh of their engorged cunts. Elizabeth still had a pleasing firm, yet plump ass. Charlotte's was narrower, more taut and lean. Her bottom was accented by the girls' afternoon handiwork, a smooth, completely shaved pussy.

"Beautiful," Mason said and he knelt down behind them. "Thank you for this gift." He began kissing his wife's cheeks, asshole and pussy. Soon he was putting his tongue in both openings. While he did that his left hand went to Charlotte's ass. He caressed it and ran his hand along her crack paying special attention to her butthole and shaved pussy. He did this for a few minutes and then switched giving his talented tongue to Charlotte's body and his exploring hand to his wife's bottom.

Charlotte's pussy was a joy to kiss and lick. It was so smooth. He licked her slit and didn't neglect her button of a clit. Mason took time to savor the taste. He used the women's juices as a lubricant to aid in sliding a finger and then two into their pussies. He finger fucked one while he rimmed and stuck his tongue in the dark hole of the other. The women were warming to his attentions. Mason took a hand of each of them and guided it to their clit. They were more than willing to touch themselves.

Mason was ready to begin the assault on his true target. He was determined to buttfuck them both. He took the bottle of baby oil off the nightstand. He dribbled some on the backsides of his playmates and rubbed the lubricant on their butts making sure a good quantity covered their assholes.
