 Friday, 6:45 PM

I'd had a particularly hard day at work with my boss Martha ragging on me about all manner of nonsense. When I'd originally started working at the telemarketing firm, we'd had an easy going even friendly relationship. Things had changed after she'd caught me checking out a picture of her daughter that was resting on her desk. I was using her office to make a few calls when I'd noticed a photo of Martha and her daughter and immediately zeroed in on her college aged kid's huge knockers. I'd been setting up an evening with a buddy and told him in exquisite detail what I'd been looking at. I'd failed to notice Martha standing in the corner taking in everything said and paid the price later.

My boss Martha is a particularly roughhewn woman of about forty seven who had migrated to the city of angels thirty years prior and had seen all kinds of hard knocks including being a single mother at a very hard age. This urban survivor from the state of Mississippi had weathered a lot of personal shit to get her daughter into the Ivy League school she was currently attending and I guess hearing me talking about her kid's big boobs sent her over the edge resulting in me getting "read".

You know how some people have a shit list? I found myself on Martha's mega-shit list and she did everything she could to make my life suck for the eight hours that I was on the clock. On this particular day she'd waited until I was five minutes from clocking out to call mandatory overtime and I'd been stuck with all the shit accounts. I was constantly told that if I didn't make my quota, I'd be looking for another job. Luckily I had the gift of gab and was always able to come in at well above office statistics. 

After I'd clocked out, she informed me that I'd be working the AM-Shift on the following day. This meant that I couldn't engage in any serious partying because I'd have to get up at four in the morning just to make it to the valley and I was always tasked with opening the company doors on weekends. I couldn't afford a car and used public transportation to get around the city. My original vehicle had been trashed in an unfortunate incident involving an Indian Intern and some ill-advised public sex.

I'd decided to hit the corner store for some liquor once I got to my downtown neighborhood and watch some porn before crashing. My neighborhood wasn't the safest in the world and I'd lived in a residence hotel after losing my job at a law firm months earlier. I'd downsized to be able to enjoy the fruits of my labor and had a single room flat for pennies on the dollar. I hit the liquor store for the aforementioned wine spirits and a few odds and ends when I heard a loud commotion outside the store. 

Mario, a kid that worked for the Korean owners of the store was running a female hype off. The woman had taken a post in front of the store after I'd entered and had been aggressively panhandling any and everyone who passed or tried to get in. Her voice was rather off-putting and had this angry sounding, liquor cracked quality to it as she cussed the Mexican teen out something fierce. The kid was undaunted as he had made a weapon of his janitor's broom and was swinging it at the woman until she relented and crossed the street.

I placed my items on the counter making small talk with an unresponsive Mr. Soon the owner of the store. His demeanor always pissed me off and I vowed to never use the store again on many occasions, but necessity and laziness always drew me back. In fact after paying for my wares I walked across the street to catch the bus instead of making a walk that was half a block. I was that lazy this Friday evening.

"Excuse me mister."

I was wearing my I-pod rocking out to some electronica when someone tapped me on the shoulder.

"Excuse me mister." It was the hype and I wasn't in the mood for any bullshit tonight so I just waved her off. The hype continued trying to get my attention and I continued trying to annoy her by looking her directly in the eye as I continued listening to my music.

I took this time to give her the once over and I have to say she looked like a fucked up version of got-damn Elmo. The indigo dark-skinned sister was strange looking with short nappy hair almost the consistency of a Styrofoam afro, big expressive brown eyes with a big fucking over-sized nose and wafer thin lips. When she spoke you could see a big pronounced gap.

This broad was actually wearing a brownish t-shirt that had been roughly converted into a wife beater with the sleeves ripped off and a pair of tight form fitting plaid short shorts. This living Muppet of a chick was extremely persistent so much so that I became irritated and removed my headphones and yelled at her.

"Give me TWO REASONS why I should EVEN talk to you ma'am!"

The hype shocked me by pulling her wife beater up exposing two of the most perfect breasts I'd ever seen. Her big boobs actually looked like implants resting high on her chest and capped with big erect nipples. This chick had some awe inspiring tits.

"O-kay, you got my attention." She grinned as she slowly lowered her shirt while I noticed a couple of teens across the street gawking as well. One poor kid had fallen off his bike.

"Look brother man, I'm just trying to make a little change to feed my kids." I could have cared less about her fucking children; my mind was already plotting the quickest route to wrapping her beautiful fun bags around my cock.

"I've heard this shit before, how much lady?"

"Uh, well how about sixty dollars?" Her voice told me that she expected me to balk at giving her that amount of money so I didn't disappoint.

"Nah, fuck that shit lady. I'll give you forty-five."

"Brotherman, I got five kids to feed. You can do better than that right?" The hype didn't miss a beat continuously haggling with me on the corner while I waited for a bus to take me less than a block away.

"I don't know ma'am, you probably trying to scam me anyway."

"What're you talking about? You've seen my tits and they are real!" She seemed insulted when she thought I was inferring that her breasts were fake. I ended up haggling with her for another ten minutes before she convinced me to sign off on her final asking price of thirty-five bucks.

What a bargain!!

It just so happened that her flat was in a building being renovated by the city also less than a block in the opposite direction of my hotel. I thought it was funny that she lived in this building because I'd been trying to get an apartment in that very same building and had been told that women and children were getting first choice. Here I was a hardworking man with an honest job and I couldn't even get an appointment with the managers and some ganked up hype had slid right into a new cheap apartment with little or no effort. The building had obviously been around since the forties judging from the wide expansive size of the lobby and the old fashioned gated elevators. 

The hype's apartment was just what I'd expected, a single kitchenette with long walk-in closet. There was garbage and discarded baby toys everywhere and I was even shocked to see a child's big wheel half hanging out of the toilet. The smell of garbage and spoiled food filled the apartment and I considered walking out of there when the hype probably sensing my disgust, quickly pulled her shirt over her head exposing her magnificent tits that were so perfect looking that it looked like they had been stolen from the chest of a better looking woman.

It funny but time seemed to stop every time this bitch's tits came out to play. I took a few steps back to look at her as she leaned forward and slid her form fitting plaid short shorts down her smooth slender thighs and let them fall past her shapely calves to the dirty stained carpet . 

It was only seconds but this broad was standing before me completely nude cupping her big boobs in the palms of her hands. I quickly realized that my assessment of this street woman had been wrong. From the neck down she was a perfect anomaly with smooth cocoa skin, the aforementioned big luscious hooters topped off with large areola and knob like nipples. She had a narrow waist that merged into her plump thighs and muscular calves. Her feet were well taken care of and unusually small and my gaze was drawn upward to her unshaven crotch, the one blemish on an otherwise perfect body. There was a disturbing patch of coarse nappy hair covering her sex and it kind of put me off. I prefer my girls clean shaven if you know what I mean.

"I'm clean." She volunteered seemingly anticipating my thoughts but looking around the apartment was an indicator of her true nature and my cock wasn't going anywhere near her untested cunt.

"Yeah, sure darling." I was dripping sarcasm and she didn't seem to care about anything but closing a deal. I brought my hands up cupping her smooth buoyant tits and rolling the nipples with my fingers while she giggled. She had that annoying addict's laugh that sound inspired more by nervousness than actual humor. I couldn't get over how spongy her tits felt to the touch and almost didn't notice her fingers rubbing my crotch.

"Money." She gently pushed and I presented the money I'd already counted out while she wasn't looking. She didn't count it or she would have known I was three dollars short. I'd recently been robbed at an ATM and didn't like carrying a lot of cash around. I watched as she sat it on a nearby dresser tucking it under a modest television. I slid up behind her cupping her breasts again and playing to my heart's content. I jiggled her tits and hung my chin over her left shoulder watching them bounce.

"You guys sure do like my tits." She bumped her narrow plump butt cheeks against my crotch trying to goad me into action.

"How big are these jugs?"

"I'm a 36DD last I checked. It's been a while and I'm probably a little bigger." The hype shuddered as I pulled on her nipples. I wanted to take them into my mouth but the stench of her sweat was nearly overwhelming.

"When did these tits get so fucking big?" I just had to know because you didn't see tits like this every day. I continued mauling her chest as she sighed loudly calling up the memory.

"They started coming in real big when I uh, was like twelve years old." She continued rubbing her squarish butt side to side and this normally would have been enough to send me into beast mode, but like I said before that nappy pussy gave me pause.

"We gonna fuck or are you just asking questions. Your time's almost up."

"I didn't know I was on a meter."

"I wanna take a picture of these big fucking tits before we get started." She shrugged her shoulders as I fished around in my pocket for my phone. This hype actually turned out to be a pretty good model striking all the right poses as I snapped away a total of fifteen pictures only getting annoyed towards the end.

"We gonna fuck now?" She half sang the question and I responded by looking around her apartment and shrugging. The place was a serious dump, so much so that I was reticent about even taking my coat off. The woman seemed to anticipate my thoughts again and kicked some of the trash around at her feet smoothing out a spot of clean carpeting on the floor right in front of us. I watched amazed at her ingenuity as she calmly lay down amongst the trash and opened her legs in invitation for me.

"I just wanna fuck those tits."

"WHAT?!! Well-uh what is UP with GUYS ALWAYS FUCKING MY TITS?!!" I kind of thought she'd be happy not to be having sex for money. Guess this wasn't the first time she'd heard that spiel. I didn't give a fuck how many other penises had been shoved up into her cleavage, I'd paid my dues and I wanted to close the deal.

"I can't fuck those tig ole bitties?" I asked fully prepared to snatch my money and break out of her shitty apartment. 

"Just hurry up then." She pouted and laid back cupping and pushing her big bust together creating an inviting valley of cleavage for me. I finally took off my leather jacket and tossed it over her television set. I slipped one leg out of my jeans and underwear so that I could put them on quickly after I was done.

"There's some lube in the top drawer there." I opened the dresser drawer finding a pile of unwashed panties and the lube resting in one corner of the rickety drawer. I bent over and squirted the oily liquid all over her rounded tits and she rubbed it in whispering about how cold the lube was on her skin. There was a wet sticky sound in the air as she rubbed the lube into her cleavage and pulled on her nipples.

"Yeah baby, that shit looks fuckin good." My cock was fully erect and so hard that veins could be plainly seen on the surface as I gingerly pushed it into the sticky mess of her cleavage. This hype was definitely a pro as she cupped the outside of her breasts pushing that succulent tit-flesh around my cock completely enveloping my sex. I squirted more lube into the crevice between her mounds. 

I found out in short order that the lube was of the heated variety as I slowly pumped in and out of her cleavage while sticky webs of solidified liquid clung to my cock. The continuous squishy sound added to the experience as I leaned forward humping into her deep cleavage as she moaned and wacked her legs together. I started to smell the musky lust wafting up from her moderately used vagina.

"Oh, that feels so fucking good." She moaned continuously as I reached down and pushed her tits tighter around my cock. Her nipples were squished together and I noted that her areolas were about the same size as Chip Ahoy cookies with little darkened freckly bumps surrounding her raspberry nubs that my thumbs were rolling. I'd snuck my camera out and begun taping the proceedings. She didn't seem to care about being filmed.

I began to feel a familiar fire gathering at the junction between my legs and my thighs tighten up.

"You need to cum." She warned as I increased the pace of my humping into her chest and alternately slapped my cock all over the tops of her breasts. The hype tightened her grip encasing my dick in a steaming vice as I shot load after load all over the tops of her tits and coating her throat in a clear milky sheen of my semen. She really knew her business as she slapped her silky fun bags repeatedly around my junk earning a surprise shot of cum right up her nose. Her lips were covered as well.

She shoved me away from her and jumped up squeezing her nostril and ejecting a gob of my cum from her nose. I leaned in for a closer look and got shoved back hard.

"THAT'S WHY I HATE ALL THIS TITTY FUCKING SHIT!!!" She screamed and stormed off to her too small bathroom. I watched her nude form as she splashed water on her face and tits checking out her small squarish butt and wondering how she felt about anal.

"DID YOU HAVE TO CUM ALL UP IN MY FUCKIN NOSE?!!" Her back was to me as I hastily pulled my other pants leg up forgetting my underwear in the process and grabbed my jacket and the cash. I bolted out of her apartment just as she was turning to face me.

"HEY MOTHERFUCKER!!!" 

I ran down the long hallway with my jacket over my head to hide my identity just making it inside the closing elevator doors. Through the elevator gates I could see the hype running topless after me with my semen splattered all across her chest. I was horrified and nearly screamed as the lift began descending just as she reached the elevator doors.

I'd nearly had a heart attack looking around to find a Mexican family staring at me cradling their smiling kid in a huddle. I looked down and turned to the elevator wall zipping up.

******************************************************************

Right before I'd passed out I'd downloaded the footage from my camera phone onto my laptop and been surprised at how good the quality was. I'd gotten everything up to and including the money shot right up that hype's nose. With a little editing you could pass this shit off as an amateur tape and I'd lit up a joint and spent the next hour or so cobbling the footage together into something presentable.

*******************************************************************

05:30 AM-Saturday Morning

I'd almost been late getting to work having been entrusted with opening the building for business and found a small crowd of people waiting outside for me. I'm pretty sure I'd be hearing about this shit from Martha on Monday morning. I was responsible for opening both of the floors that made up our company with the fourth being designated for telemarketing whatever shit contracts they were pushing for the quarter and the fifth floor being solely dedicated to customer service.

It was a shit job but I didn't mind because I worked the weekends with Holly and she was one of the good things about working my dead-end job. We both handled the mail room, partnering up on all the shipping and receiving that went down on weekends. Part of me thinks that Holly was on Martha's shit list too as we'd started out cold towards one another initially because she thought I'd been hitting on her, but had eventually bonded over our mutual hatred of the boss.

Did I mention that Holly had ENORMOUS BOOBS?

Before I get ahead of myself, let me describe Holly a little bit so that you can get the whole picture. Holly was this blonde chick with a lion's man of frizzy blond hair who'd seen her fair share of hard knocks in life and had recently migrated to the city of angels from Tampa Florida with her two kids in tow and her good for nothing husband Derbin or Big D as he liked to be known. 

As far as her body was concerned, Holly was what some would call a BBW, short for Big Beautiful Woman in some circles. Some of the other women around the office would joke that she looked like a human sized cabbage patch doll with a ridiculous set of tits. Holly had officially broken the office record for most reports of sexual harassment cases in a six month period with one guy getting so hot and bothered that he'd exposed himself to her near the water cooler. Holly was a pretty even tempered woman, but even she'd lost it and pummeled the nerdy guy until she had to be restrained by security.

I think it'd be a safe bet to say that she had a little bit of a hillbilly inside of her and sometimes it would rear its ugly head at the most inopportune moments. Holly had requested Christmas off to be with her kids because "Big D" was locked up and been denied by Martha. She'd gone on a verbal tirade ripping Martha a new one in the break room and heckling her in front of friends not realizing that our boss was standing behind her. Hence, Holly found herself on the shit list with me and working perpetual weekends.

Funny thing looking at Holly this morning was that I noticed she didn't seem to have eyebrows and I guess this is where most people got that cabbage patch doll comparison from. She liked to pencil her eyebrows in when she was going out. I guess you could describe her shape as an apple-type with seemingly wider shoulders than her narrow hips, but I did notice kind of a chunky butt stuffed into the khaki pants she usually wore to work. Holly usually had some kind of flannel shirt on to compliment her bulky frame and make herself look as blue collar as possible. Upon first viewing her, I'd thought she was a big shapeless mass of flesh and would have kept thinking that way if it hadn't been for a fateful rainy day.

Holly'd got caught in the rain coming in to work and was soaking wet sitting at her station. She'd decided to open her customary flannel shirt while wiping herself down and revealed a line of impossibly deep cleavage that never stopped. She hadn't been wearing a brassiere that day and her large saucer sized areolas were quite visible. Martha had responded by giving her the rest of the day off and an additional one day suspension just for starters. 
