 This short story is 3800 words. Any errors are my own! Please enjoy and feedback.

Love Ellery x

*****

For Tristan, this was a new experience. He had always hated the dentist yet now he found himself lying on a dental chair with his mouth wide open and a cock that would not behave itself. He cursed the weather. It was a warm autumn day and he had jogged down to the dentist in t-shirt and shorts. White shorts that he imagined were doing a terrible job of hiding his semi that was bobbing about down there. 

He conjured up in his mind all the worst images he could imagine - puss-filled boils, that photograph of a north Vietnamese soldier having his brains blown out, Tracy in accounts -- but none of these things could keep his mind off the dentist who was giving his teeth a scale and polish. She smelled divine. She looked amazing, with bottle blonde hair and an icy blue stare that would melt a man at a thousand yards. She had big, firm-looking tits. 

When the chair was tilted back and the dentist leaned towards him, Tristan got a faceful of her ample cleavage. There was something familiar about her - the perfume, the big tits and the bottle blond hair. Surely he would remember her. In the days that followed, his cock certainly did. She oozed sex appeal. Something about her authority, her officious manner, the way she took off that glove with a Sssnap! It all screamed 'Fuck me now!' At least that's what his cock was telling him while every other inch of his being was shouting at his cock to calm the fuck down. 

"All done! Your teeth are in excellent condition. Remember to floss."

She patted his upper thigh, resting her hand on his bare skin and allowing her fingers to linger. Surely she noticed he had pitched a tent in his shorts. The chair tilted back to a sitting position. Their eyes met and Tristan knew instantly his new dentist was aware of his throbbing erection. 

She squeezed his thigh. "Strong muscles you've got there."

Tristan gulped. "Er... thanks. I do like to work out, a... er... bit." What a pillock I sound, Tristan thought but he could not stop himself. "Maybe I've met you at the gym?" he said. Why the fuck are you still talking, you dickhead.

The dentist looked straight into his eyes. "I never go to the gym. I work out in other ways." One last squeeze of his thigh then she was back to business. "Keep flossing and I'll see you in six months."

Tristan sat for a moment, processing what had happened and unable to move. She had hit on him. His new sexy dentist had been inches away from giving him a hand job. He'd fucked up his chance with one of the hottest pieces of ass he had ever met. Why did he have to speak such utter drivel? At least his erection had subsided so he could leave the room without having to hide his hardon. He stood up quickly before it decided to come back.

'See you in six months, Miss... er...?'

'Mrs Ellis.'

The next evening, Friday, Tristan was in the pub with mates from football. He shouted over the thrum of the after work crowd. "Two lagers and a pint of best, please." The barman nodded.

'I knew I recognised you,' said a voice at his side. 

Tristan turned to see a drop dead gorgeous blonde bombshell. Fuck! 

"It's Miss Ellis, right? The dentist!" His cock twitched. "How are you doing?"

"Mrs Ellis." She held out her hand and he shook it. Fuckity fuck, she was married. His cock twitched.

"Call me Hayley. You're Tristan, yes?"

"Well remembered."

Hayley smiled. "I never forget a face," she said, looking at his crotch.

Was she...? Was this a come on? Okay Tristan you dingbat, don't fuck this up.

"And what do you do Hayley? Wait! Don't tell me. Show me your hand again."

She have him her hand and a look that said "This had better be very good."

"Now let's see... small, delicate, manicured hands." Tristan thought back to having his thigh squeezed by this woman. "Soft to the touch but firm. Strong even. You must be a... I'm guessing you are a dentist?"

Hayley laughed. "Wow! Your powers of observation are incredible." Maybe slight sarcasm in her voice but she continued to let Tristan hold her hand. 

Tristan heard himself fill the gap with "And how are your powers of observation?" What a dick thing to say!

The dentist looked like she was seriously considering the question. "Yesterday, while I was polishing one of my patients teeth, I observed he kept starting at my tits."

"What a... dick!" Tristan said, unconvincingly while staring at Hayley's chest.

"What a dick, indeed. He looked like he had one of the biggest, throbbing cocks I've seen in some time. A few weeks at least." 

Tristan blushed. Hayley had a glint in her eye. Was she joking? Playing with him? He blurted out "But you're married."

Hayley leaned in close, let her hand deep from his and placed in softly, but firmly, on his crotch.

"I am, yes. And I love my husband but I also love cock."

She pulled back, grabbed her drink from the bar and downed her gin and tonic, slamming the glass back on the top of the bar. "So, you going to buy me a drink or what?"

Doing his best to keep his cool and thinking it best not to speak for fear of blurting out something stupid, Tristan looked behind the bar for help, where thankfully he caught the barman's eye. 

"Same again, please," he managed. 

"I'll take these over for you," said Hayley, picking up the two pints of lager Tristan had bought for his pals. 

"We could stay here at the bar. I'll grab you a seat," Tristan blurted out. "You don't want to be bothered with those muppets."

"I get to know a man by the company he keeps. That's them by the window, yeah?" Without waiting for an answer, she stride through the crowded room towards Tristan's pals. 

Frustrated, Tristan waited for the barman to fetch a new bottle of gin and pour Hayley's drink. By the time he joined them at the table, Max and Ally would have turned him into a laughing stock and Hayley would want nothing to do with him. 

Sure enough, by the time he made it back to the table, Hayley was sitting in a chair between Max and Ally and Max was regaling Hayley with the stories of their exploits in Gran Canaria the previous year. 

"Has he bored you to tears yet?" asked Tristan, sitting down on a stool opposite the dentist. He handed Hayley her drink who took a sip and placed it on the table between them.

Hayley smirked. "Max was telling me you fucked a girl on your hotel balcony."

Tristan shot a look at Max as if to say "What the fuck are you thinking?" 

"In the middle of the afternoon. Bit of an exhibitionist, are you Tristan?"

Tristan felt a foot running up his calf. 

"I might still have the footage on my phone," said Max, rummaging in his pocket. 

"She doesn't want to see that," protested Tristan but Hayley was straining to see the phone screen. Clearly, she was interested. 

Ally leaned over to Tristan. "Do you know who she is?"

"She's my dentist. Hayley. Hayley Ellis."

Ally gave him a meaningful look. "Do you know who she IS?"

"What are you getting at?"

"Devin Main."

"What about him?"

"She's his wife."

Tristan sputtered into his pint. "Devin Main's wife?"

Devin Main's wife was a legend among Tristan and his mates, and Tristan realised now that was why he recognised her. They used to see her in this very pub, three or four years ago. Wilson, one of their football buddies and friend of Devin Main, had pointed her out at the bar and told them of her sexual proclivities as told to him by her husband. She was into threesomes, swinging, dogging, bondage. You name it, she'd done it or was looking for an opportunity to do it. She was on all their fantasy fuck lists and was the reference point for any woman any of them fancied or went out with. "Do you think she's as dirty as Devin Main's wife," they would ask each other when they spotted someone they were looking to pull. No-one was ever as dirty as her, not even the girl on Tristan's balcony who had simply been drunk and, the next day, ashamed of her tawdry behaviour. Devin Main's wife was different. She was utterly shameless and now here she was sitting among them, watching homemade balcony porn on Max' s phone while absentmindedly stroking her inside thighs.

"How do you know it's her?" asked Tristan. 

"She's been in my wank bank for years and, well let's just say I've made a lot of deposits."

"You filthy fucker." Tristan turned and looked at Hayley. Mrs Ellis. Devin Main's wife.

She looked back. "Close your mouth, Tristan," she said. "You're not in the dentist chair now."

"So what's your plan for the night boys? Big night out?"

The three men looked to each other.

"Naw, just a couple of jars and then back to Ally's place for FIFA on the Xbox," said Tristan.

"What's that?" Hayley asked Max loud enough for the whole table to hear. "I can't hear him. Did he say sex box?" Her leg made its way further up Tristan's leg.

"Xbox," said Max who was oblivious to what was happening under the table or what had happened earlier between Tristan and Hayley. "It's a game console."

"Boys and their toys! I bet my sex box is more fun." Hayley sat back in her chair. Under the table her leg was outstretched, her toes stroking Tristan's crotch. 

The table was silent as what she was saying sunk in.

"I have a proposition for you," she continued. How about you come back to mine and play with my sex box. It's multiplayer. Plug and play."

Still silence. Stunned silence. 

Hayley sighed. "Do I have to spell it out? Who's coming back to mine for a fuck?"

Tristan and the others found themselves in a New Town flat, not ten minutes from the bar. The walk up had been slightly awkward. Max had asked Hayley about her 'sexy exploits' as he put it and she had given them a breakdown of the pros and cons of dogging while also pointing out places where she'd had sexual encounters. By the tune they reached her flat, the three men had given up trying to hide their erections.

Ally said, "If you fuck as well as you talk, we're in for a treat."

Hayley found her keys in her bag, slotted the front door key into the lock, turned the key to unlock the door then turned to Ally.

"Believe me, you are in for a treat."

Once inside, Hayley lead the men into her living room. She wasted no time getting down to business.

"So boys, who's got the biggest cock? Let's see them."

She knelt down in front of Ally, undid his trouser buttons and pulled out his erect cock. "I like the look of this" she said, rubbing his cock slowly before teasing it with her tongue and taking it into her red-lipsticked mouth. While she sucked the end she worked the shaft with her hand. She looked up into Ally's eyes to see the effect she was having. Happy with what she saw she carried on sucking. 

Eager to join the action, Tristan and Max quickly undressed. Max was first naked and with her free hand, Hayley beckoned him to her and, still sucking Ally, she fondled the new cock for a minute or so before releasing Ally's meat from her mouth and giving her verdict. 

"Ally, I love yours but this one is definitely thicker. Let's see how it tastes, but you stay there."

Doing as he was told, Ally stood where he was, cock in hand.

Taking Max's thick cock in both hands, she licked it from the tip down to the base and back up again. She took it in her mouth, her head bobbing back and fore at a steady pace. His meat was so big, Hayley found it difficult to fit her lips round. Guiding the two men closer together, she moved between their cocks, sucking one and then the other and all the time tugging both together.

"This is like being in a porno," said Ally. "I think I'm gonna cum,"

Hayley stopped what she was doing. "Easy, tiger. Not so fast. You don't cum until I say so. Go and sit down and watch the action."

Ally sat in the middle of the sofa and watched as Hayley turned her attention to Tristan who had been standing with his cock out, patiently waiting for his turn. 

"Don't worry, I haven't forgotten about you, big boy," she said and licked his rock hard shaft. 

"Mmm, I like this one," she murmured. 

Taking Tristan's and Max's cocks together, she rubbed them against her cheeks, slurped on them greedily, and worked the shafts.

"You're a real pro," Ally said.

Hayley stopped sucking and licked her lips. "I'm just a girl who likes a good time." 

With her arms like pistons working on the two cocks she crawled over on her knees, moving Tristan and Max back to the sofa. so she could suck Ally again. He took her head with her hand and guided her mouth to his erection. Tristan and Max sat down, one on either side of Ally and let Hayley work on their dicks. 

Having taken each of them to the edge of ejaculation, Hayley stood up and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, smearing red lipstick across her cheek. Pearls of sweat ran down the sides of her face. 

She laughed. "Right boys. I think it's time you did some work."

She turned away from the men and lifted her skirt, showing the panties covering her hard apple-shaped arse. Slowly she peeled her panties down until they were rolled up under her butt cheeks. She wiggled her arse. 

"Which one of you lucky boys is going to fuck this tonight?"

Hayley bent over to proudly show her sweet puckered arsehole and outer pussy lips, all freshly waxed. 

Max was first off the sofa. He stepped forward and, on his knees, peeled apart her arse cheeks to reveal the juicy pink goodness of her inner lips. He ran a finger along the length of Hayley's slit and found her clit. 

"This is the most beautiful pussy and ass I have ever seen ," he said, grabbing Hayley round both legs and pushing his face into her cunt. He licked and nibbled, sucked and nuzzled. Mostly he licked, mixing his saliva with the musty female juices, until it ran down his chin.

Ally had taken a fancy to Hayley's arse. He stepped up and slapped her naked flesh a few times, enjoying the feel of Hayley's muscular, firm buttocks making contact with his open palm. Having made his mark on her, he turned his attention to the quivering hole between her pert cheeks. Slowly he ran a fingertip round the rim. It was slick with Hayley's perspiration and Max's saliva. Ally eased his finger in.

The sexy dentist would have cried out in pain at the slapping and gasped at delight with a finger penetrative her ass, only her mouth was full of Tristan's cock. He was standing on the sofa and had her by the hair, forcing her mouth down onto bulbous cockhead. 

All Hayley could do was make muffled noises as she slobbered over Tristan's cock and felt tongues and fingers penetrate her. Her gleaming eyes said the pleasure far outweighed the pain. It was time to get airtight.

Hayley pulled free from Tristan's cock. "Sit down! I'll get on top of you."

Tristan sat down cock in hand desperate for the eager slut's pussy. Ally and Max held her while she wiggled her ass in Tristan's face. Her panties were still around her bum and she pulled them down and kicked them off. Then she lowered herself onto Tristan's bulging cock. Her wet pussy easily slid down his pole. Tristan pumped his cock into her and she let the took other two take turns stuffing their cocks in her mouth. Ally used his thumb to circle her clit. Max playfully slapped his cock against her beautiful tits as they bounced up and down.

Hayley was pleased, proud even, all three cocks were still hard, rock solid. She loved giving pleasure to men. Max's cock was the biggest of the three. She pointed to him. "I want you in my pussy," she said. "Now!" She lifted her legs wide apart up in the air.

Tristan took that as a signal. He pulled his cock out of her pussy and used a hand to guide his pulsing erection to her arsehole. Momentarily his helmet was nestled in between her spread ass cheeks, at the rim of her hole. Hayley bit her bottom lip as she pushed down on him. The pain was a tiny fraction of the pleasure shuddering through her like electricity. 

She had little time to get used to the sensation of her ass being full of cock before Max stuck his bulging member deep into her now gaping pussy.

"Awww, fuck! Fuuuck! Oh fuck!" was about all she managed to say before Ally managed to position himself behind the sofa and pull her head back so he could shove his cock back into her open mouth.

She greedily slurped on it, taking it deep into her throat until she almost gagged. 

Hayley experienced a moment of sheer bliss, an out of body experience. She hovering above herself and watched herself being fucked, all her holes filled. The pressure of one cock in her ass and one in her pussy, pushing against either side of the thin, so sensitive wall of skin that separated them, was what her body had been aching for, for days. Having a third cock to suck on turned her dirty desire into wanton excess. 

Plugged by three cocks, Hayley was literally helpless. All she could do was submit to the men, let them move in her and luxuriate in the pleasure they were working together to give her, stretching her holes and filling her up completely. The heat generated by their cocks moving in and out grew and grew until it felt like there was nothing else but the most intense feeling of gratification.

As she returned to her body she was hit by an orgasm. Her whole body began to shudder and for a moment she could not breathe. She pulled the cock from her mouth so she could gulp air as wave after orgasmic wave rolled through her.

"That's it boys," she screamed. "Fuck me, that's fucking fantastic."

The three men were trying desperately not to come. None of them wanted to be the first one to shoot their load.

"This is so good man," said Tristan. "You wanna shot?"

Alec nodded. 

Max understood too. He gave a couple of final thrusts then pulled out.

"You feel amazing big boy," said Haley.

"You ain't felt nothing yet baby," Max replied. He sat on the sofa next to Tristan and pulled Hayley off his mate and over onto himself so she was facing him, straddling his legs. She slid along his muscular thighs and directed his cock back into her pussy. 

Max could barely contain himself. "These have to be the best tits in the world," he said and buried his face in them.

Ally now stood behind Hayley. He pulled her ass cheeks apart and slid into her back door. She pushed back on him, grinding her ass down onto the two cocks. Ally took up the rhythm and plowed into her. 

Max was happy, his thick meat throbbing away, filling up her pussy.

"Yes, yes, fucking yes," Hayley called out. Her eyes fell on Tristan. He was still sitting on the sofa watching proceedings and rubbing his thumb around the top of his slippery cock, a cock that a few moments before had been in her ass.

If she had any second thoughts she quickly forgot as the ass pounding and full pussy brought forth wave after wave of orgasm. She brought her head down as far as sge could, reaching for Tristan's cock. 

Tristan thrust his cock up into her mouth and down the back of her throat. He held her by the hair and roughly throat-fucked her as her eyes rolled in her head and her whole being burned with pleasure. She mumbled completely incoherently now.

"Gonna cum," Tristan gasped through sharp breathes.

Hayley instinctively knew what was going to happen. In a moment of lucidity she pulled away from Tristan's cock, so she could speak. "Fill those holes with your cum, boys."

She took a firm grip of Tristan's shaft with her hand and mouth. She was helpless to stop the pounding in her ass and pussy and that was just what she wanted. She could hear groans of pleasure under and behind her and she involuntarily started to moan, low and long, her lips round the smooth helmet of Tristan's cock. She looked deep into his eyes and saw he was about to erupt and in that instant she readied herself for his sperm. 
