 I woke to the sounds of birds chirping in the trees outside the big screened windows of the sleeping porch, high up on the third floor of Christine's mountain lodge. I was alone in the bed, rubbing the sleep from my eyes, when I heard soft footsteps coming up the creaky stairs. Christine was bringing up a tray with coffee and some delicious looking sweet rolls. 

"Good morning lover," she said with a smile. "It's funny, just saying those words is exciting to me."

She was wearing the same skimpy black lace lingerie as the night before, and she looked amazing once again. It was obvious she enjoyed looking sexy for me. 

"A sweet for my sweet," she said as she set the tray in front of me and sat on the edge of the bed at my side.

"Did you make these?" I asked in amazement.

"Yes," she said. "I've been up awhile, and I wanted something nice for you."

I took a bite of one of the tender, warm delicacies. "These taste almost as sweet as you," I said.

"You know, I'm not very sexually experienced," she said shyly, blushing a little. You're only the second man I've ever been with, and the first was a bust in that department. I hope I was okay for you last night." 

"Are you serious?" I said. "You were amazing last night! That was a night I'll remember the rest of my life." 

Her somewhat serious look turned into a big smile. "You dear sweet man, you don't know what it means to me to hear you say that." She paused for a moment and looked serious again. "You know, I don't think I've ever really had an orgasm before last night. It was like nothing I've ever felt before, like flying to the stars and back again. Is it always like that?" 

"I have a feeling it's always going to be like that with you and me," I said. "Lets find out, shall we?" 

I put the tray aside and I pulled the blanket off of me, revealing a growing erection. 

"Oh you naughty boy!" Christine giggled. "I was hoping my sticky buns would have that effect on you." 

She stood, turned away from me and bent over, revealing her pink pussy as she dropped her panties to the floor. 

"You're just dying to drive me wild aren't you," I said.

"You better believe it mister," she said, and she giggled again.

She climbed on the bed straddling me, and she guided my cock into her. She exhaled deeply with a small lusty groan as I slowly thrusted up into her. We fucked slowly this time, savoring every small movement. 

"I can feel you so deep inside me. You're positively huge compared to..." and her voice trailed off into a deep moan. "Oh, God almighty I love it...."

She leaned forward and kissed me. We moaned into each others mouths and slowly fucked in the soft morning light, birds chirping all around us and a light breeze wafting through. She leaned forward so I could suck on her gorgeous tits, and she's so sensitive there it kicked her into another gear. 

"Fuck me harder you beautiful man," she said.

She threw her head back and I picked up the pace of my thrusting and gave it all I had. She was just about bouncing off of me from the speed and force of it. I was nearing the point of no return when she came with a shudder. 

"OH MY GOD!" she shrieked, and her eyes rolled back in her head. It was another searingly intense orgasm.

I'd been with quite a few women over the years, but I must say I'd never seen one with the powerful orgasms Christine had. It was really something to see, and to feel. Her vaginal muscles contracted around me as she came in a way I'd never felt before, and her own sensations seemed to rock her to her very core.

"Did you come baby?" she asked after she caught her breath.

"Don't worry about me, we're far from done," I said. "And anyway, today's all about you." 

"Oh no it's not," she said, gathering herself up. She got up on her hands and knees, turned herself around, threw her stocking clad leg over my head and sixty-nined me. 

"I saw this in a porn once and it looked really hot," she giggled.

"Damn right it's hot, you naughty girl," I said as I buried my face in her pussy and ass. 

She squealed with delight and inhaled my still hard cock into her mouth. I had her gasping for air in no time and she worked wonders on my cock with her mouth and her hands. She really went to town on me and I shot off onto her face and hair, a mighty groan coming from deep within me. She giggled at the sexy mess I'd made of her, sucked me back in her mouth and milked me dry.

——————————

The day was still very young, and I wanted to knock off the work I had to do so we could spend the rest of the day together. I reluctantly got dressed and got to it. Christine fed me and brought me lemonade, and by late morning I was done. We had a delicious lunch out on the patio, talking about our lives and our mutual love of the Adirondacks. 

"Last week you mentioned working on a friend's camp over near Long Lake. What's that place like?" she asked.

"Well," I said, "it's small and rustic, but it's kinda perfect. It's owned by my friend Penny. She inherited it from her father. He used it as a hunting camp. It's off the grid and very secluded, with a beautiful beaver pond to swim in. It's really wonderful. Her father became friends with a famous Adirondack architect back in the old days, and he drew up the plans for it. It's far from grandiose — just one room with a screened porch and an outhouse, but it's just dripping with character. I'm sure you'd love it." 

"Sounds like heaven," Christine said. 

"Funny you should say that," I laughed. "Penny named the place Camp Heaven recently." 

"After she spent time there with you, I'm guessing?" Christine said, with a devious laugh. 

"Well..." I said, and I blushed a little, which I don't normally do.

"You're so cute," Christine said with a smile.

"It's such a beautiful day!" Christine said as we brought our dishes into the kitchen. "Come with me, I want to show you something out in the garage."

We walked out and she punched in a code on a keypad outside the carriage house and the overhead door went up. "Do you like cars?" she asked as it ascended. 

Sunlight streamed into the old carriage house garage, and there, in dusty glory, was a yellow Ferrari. Not just any Ferrari, but a 246 Dino from the early 70's. 

"Holy shit!" I gasped as I walked in. 

I put my hand on it just to make sure I wasn't dreaming. As I circled around it I noticed the dark side of the garage held an Aston Martin from the early 60's, a DB something or other, I couldn't remember the exact model. 

"Are you kidding me!" I exclaimed. "You didn't even know I was a car nut, did you." 

"No, but I'm thrilled you like them," she said. "My husband's lost interest in them, but he does keep them maintained. There's a mechanic in Lake Placid that works on these kind of things, and he comes by every spring to tune them up, and every fall to winterize them. I just adore driving the Dino—it must be my Italian blood. The Aston's fun too. What do you say we go for a nice drive today?"

Christine started up the Dino, and the sound of its engine gave me goosebumps. She backed it out into the driveway.

"There's a bucket and hose in there," she said. "Do you want to give it a quick wash while I change my clothes?" 

"Well," I said, "you know how I love running my hands over a beautiful Italian body." 

She laughed, kissed me on the cheek, and went in the house.

We were soon on the road. Christine insisted I drive. I was a little nervous driving another man's very expensive treasure, but it sounded like Christine was comfortable taking it out whenever she wanted, so I soon relaxed and enjoyed it. The sensations and sounds of the little car were intoxicating. I felt like the king of the world, and beside me was my beautiful queen, dressed in a small, thin, green summer dress. She looked casual and unpretentious, and sexy as hell. I think last night had brought out a little of the Devil in her and her dress was left unbuttoned at the top more than usual, showing off her spectacular tits. She brought some sandals with her but was sitting there with bare feet, and her lovely legs were exposed for almost their entire length, her dress riding up due to the low position of the seat. She must have been wearing a very thin bra because those sensitive nipples were obvious to anyone who cared to look. She was a vision, pure and simple.

We headed west, through the village and towards Saranac Lake, the glorious sound of the Dino's engine ricocheting off the trees as we rocketed down the road. Before long we were on Route 3, heading roughly in the direction of Long Lake.

"Would you like to see my friend Penny's camp?" I asked. "I'm sure she wouldn't mind us walking in to look at it. She may even be there — I'm pretty sure she mentioned some vacation time coming up." 

"Sure, I'd love to see it," Christine said. "Sounds like fun." 

"You know, I should warn you, if Penny's there, she's a very free spirit. And she's bi-sexual. I have no idea what'll happen if she get's a look at you," I said, shaking my head as I ran my eyes over Christine's luscious little body.

I wasn't sure how Christine would react to that, but she didn't seem to react at all, except for the corners of her mouth curling up ever so slightly into a sexy little smile. Without looking at me she calmly reached over and placed her hand on my thigh, and we motored on, through a beautiful sun-filled valley.

As we approached the turn-off to Penny's dirt road I slowed to a crawl. 

"Jeeze, I didn't think about this being a dirt road. I don't want to make a mess of your car." 

"Don't worry about it," she said. "It's got plenty of stone chips. It's not a show car."

We turned off and I went slower than usual down the long six mile road. 

"Wow, this is really out there," Christine said as we pressed on.

As we rounded the bend near Penny's place I spotted her Subaru and we pulled in next to it. We had stopped along the way and bought a case of beer and a bottle of Penny's favorite tequila. I hoisted the beer on my shoulder and grabbed the bottle, Christine put on her sandals, and we headed up the trail. We got about halfway in and saw Penny approaching. 

"What the heck are you doing here!" she said as she hugged me. "And who this gorgeous friend of yours?" 

"Penny, this is my friend Christine. I've been doing a little work on her ski lodge up near Lake Placid." 

Penny turned to Christine and said, "Oh, he does wonderful work, doesn't he?" and gave her a mischievous wink. 

"He's building me into brand new woman," Christine said, and they exchanged knowing looks.

"Kiss her you fool," Penny said to me. "If you don't I will. She's hot!" 

"Penny, you don't mince words do you," I said with a laugh, and I gave Christine a smiling kiss and put my arm around her. 

Penny told us she was heading out to the road to meet a guy she had met yesterday. She said he was a 'hippie musician' who was touring through the area, and she had struck up a conversation with him after his show at a bar in the village. She said he was a terrific musician, a solo singer-songwriter, and 'super cute.' She had invited him to stop by the camp for a swim, and she wanted to meet him at the end of the trail. 

"Penny," I said, "would you rather we get out of here so you two can be alone?" 

"No way!" she said. "You know me...two's wonderful, three's awesome, and four's insane!" She laughed hysterically and said, "You guys make yourselves at home, I'll be back when he shows up."

Penny left us, and we made our way up the trail to the camp. 

"You know, this could get kind of wild today," I said to Christine as we walked. "Penny's idea of swimming is au naturale, and we've never met this guy." 

"Let's stay and see if we like him," she said. "Sounds like it might be fun. Lord knows I need some more fun in my life." 

We got to the camp steps and Christine noticed the CAMP HEAVEN sign over the front door. 

"Why do I get the feeling you were the inspiration for that?" she said, and she squeezed my ass.

We went inside and I put down the beer and the bottle and I gave her a little tour. 

"I love it!" Christine said. "It's just how I imagined. And quite a little love nest I'm guessing — Penny's really cute." 

"I'm glad you like her," I said. "She's become a good friend." 

We walked down to the pond and I noticed Penny had two new wooden chaise lounges with cushions on them down at the waters edge, with the camping mattress rolled up under one of them. Next to them was a cooler and a small table with a half empty bottle of beer on it. We could hear laughter coming from up near the camp, so we walked up.

Penny introduced us to Johnny, who was setting down a duffel bag and a beat up guitar case. Penny showed me a small portable stereo she was carrying and said, "Look! We're gonna have tunes!" 

Johnny was indeed a handsome guy, and I could see why women would be attracted to him. He was a little younger than me, probably in his late twenty's, tall and trim, with long curly blonde hair, bright blue eyes, and an ever present smile. He had the kind of personality that made you feel like you'd known him all your life. Penny passed around some beers, and we chatted about Johnny's nomadic life on the road. He had an old VW camper van, and I'm guessing at least one girlfriend in every town in the country. It sounded like a fun life, and he was enjoying it. 

"Holy shit you guys," Penny exclaimed, "what the fuck is that car you came in!?!" 

Christine told them about it, and Penny said, "God, Steve, you must love that thing, I know you're a car guy." 

"Yeah," I said. "It was pretty awesome driving down here in a classic Ferrari with this beautiful girl by my side. I feel like I hit the jackpot or something. I'll wake up in a few days and be back to reality." 

"Oh, don't say that," Christine said sadly. "I don't want to think about that yet." 

"Don't worry Christine," Penny said. "We'll do our best to give you happy thoughts today. Is it all right if I call you Chrissy? You're so cute, you look like a Chrissy to me." 

"Yes, please do. I used to be Chrissy back in high school. I'd love to be Chrissy again. In fact I am Chrissy again, from this point on. Thank you Penny." She smiled brightly and gave Penny a big hug. 

"Chrissy it is then!" I said, and we all clicked beer bottles.

"Who's up for a swim," Penny said. 

"I'm game," Johnny said. 

I looked at Chrissy to gauge her interest and Penny looked her over lustily, pausing her eyes on Chrissy's big tits. 

"I hope you guys didn't bring your suits," she said, winking at Chrissy.

Chrissy blushed hard, and before she could say anything Penny went into the screen porch, stripped off every stitch of her clothing in full view of everyone, went out the door and walked calmly down he path. 

"Are you coming Johnny?" she yelled back.

Johnny went into the porch, stripped, and ran after her. He was tanned and muscular, and had what I'm sure the girls would say is a 'nice cock'. Chrissy and I were left alone.

"You sure you're okay with this?" I asked her. "We can make an excuse and head out if you want." 

"I think I've been ready for this my whole life and it took you to help me realize it," she said, looking me square in the eye. 

As she was saying it she was unbuttoning her dress. 

"Just so we're clear, there's probably gonna be sex involved," I said. 

"God I hope so. I've never been so horny in my life!" she said as she dropped her dress on the floor and kissed me hard. 

"I think I've created a monster, and I love it," I said.

We both stripped and it took all my will power to keep from fucking her right there on the old brass bed. I was also trying to will some of the blood out of my cock so I didn't look too ridiculous when we arrived at the pond. I forced myself to not look at Chrissy and fumbled around with some beer bottles for a few moments. 

"How ya doin' there big boy?" Chrissy giggled, sensing my problem. 

My situation was somewhat under control, so we walked out into the sunlight hand in hand. Down at the pond Penny was already on her knees in two feet of water sucking on Johnny's cock. They were oblivious to us as we approached, so we reclined on the chaise lounges and watched the show. 

"You know, I've watched some porn," Chrissy said quietly, "but it's so much hotter in person, isn't it?" 

She was mesmerized. Penny took a breather and looked over her shoulder at us. 

"You know if you push those chairs together and drop them flat it's like a double bed," she said with a big smile. She paused, looked at Chrissy sitting there naked, and said, "God, those are some tits girl!"

Then she went back to sucking on a very happy Johnny. I stood and pushed my chair against Chrissy's, leaving them upright for the time being so Chrissy could continue the voyeurism she was so clearly enjoying. 

"He's a beautiful young man," she said wistfully, with lust building in her eyes. 

I took her hand and put it on my quickly hardening cock, and she gently stroked it, never taking her eyes off Penny and Johnny. They moved into shallower water, Penny got down on all fours facing us, and Johnny started slowly fucking her from behind. They were watching us watch them, and I must say it was extremely hot. Penny was really getting into it and came powerfully with much loud yelling. They both collapsed into the water and kissed. It was quite a show. 

I was hard as a rock and desperately wanted to get things going with Chrissy, but I didn't know how comfortable she would be doing anything like we had just seen, so I let her take the lead. She casually stood and dropped the back of her chair down flat and reached for mine and did the same. I was flat on my back and she straddled me, reverse cowgirl style, facing the water. I was surprised at her boldness, but she was obviously getting very turned on by the thought of being watched. She guided my cock into her, leaned back with her arms on my chest, and we fucked. Slowly at first, but we were both super hot and horny and the pace picked up quickly. Before long we were going at it with gusto, and I pumped the shit out of her sweet, hot pussy. When she could take no more she came like gangbusters, loud and vocal and almost violent. I shot my load deep in her belly.

I was startled by the nearness of Penny's voice. "Good god girl," she said. "That was the most beautiful thing I've ever seen." 

I looked up and Penny and Johnny were sitting together on the ground, not six feet away. 

"Jeez Penny, nothing like a front row seat," I said with a laugh. 

"I swear to God I've never seen an orgasm like that before. That was so beautiful Chrissy," Penny said. 

My cock was still inside Chrissy, and she was gradually gathering her composure.

"I've recently discovered I love to fuck," she said rather breathlessly, and we all laughed hysterically. 

"It's the best game in town sister," Penny said. "Wanna change partners?" 

Chrissy removed herself from my sticky cock, sat on the edge of the lounge chair and beckoned Johnny. He rose quickly to his feet and Chrissy took his half hard cock into her mouth with a moan. Johnny moaned too and was hard in no time. His cock was a little shorter than mine, but thicker in girth, a real pussy stretcher I'm sure. 

It was a turn on watching Chrissy do her thing with another guy. I didn't get to watch long though because Penny pushed me down and sixty-nined me. The taste of her sweet pussy was familiar, and she was still dripping with Johnny's cum. I'm sure she could taste Chrissy's juices on my cock, and she seemed to be especially into my tongue work today. She came quickly, as did Johnny, pumping deep into Chrissy's throat. 

"You got a magic tongue Stevie," Penny cooed. "Why don't you guys take a swim and cool off. I wanna curl up with Chrissy for a while."
