 Tonight is going to be fun...you don't know what to expect...all you know is that this morning, you discovered a handwritten note in your suit pocket, telling you to meet me in this expensive, plush hotel suite after work. I love the rare occasions I get to see you in a suit and tie. There's something so sexy and commanding about a man in a perfectly fitted suit. However it's the complete contrast to your own personal style that really adds to the seductive appeal. The shades of black, the unlaced boots, and the leather jacket are all momentarily hidden but that side of you, the real you, is held in your eyes; they glitter with anticipation as I open the door.

I've been fantasising about this all day, thinking about your cock sliding into my mouth, filling my pussy and stretching my arse, I've been thinking about you tying me up and turning me on, I've been thinking about you fucking me the way I like to be fucked...I know your thoughts have been filthy too...your eyes are full of lust as your gaze travels hungrily over me. You take in the little black dress I'm wearing, it's one of your favourites; low cut enough to intrigue and figure hugging enough to tease, it has the perfect balance. My sleek brunette hair falls smoothly over my shoulders and as my sexy green eyes, heavily lined with kohl and lashings of black mascara, meet yours, the electricity pulsates through me as you suddenly take me by surprise, kissing me forcefully and pushing me back into the room.

I respond eagerly, my red lipstick smudging sexily as our tongues intertwine. You grab a handful of my hair and yank my head back exposing my throat. You slide your other hand under my dress and grin impishly as you realise that my lace underwear is crotch-less. I moan quietly as you push your thick fingers into my already soaking pussy. You stroke me slow, enjoying having me becoming slippery under your expert touch, I can't help but react to you this way; it's intoxicating and powerful. You run the tip of your tongue up the side of my neck and I feel myself lose control and give in to you. I cum hard, shuddering against your hand. You kiss me deeply as I arch against you, I can feel your cock straining to be released; I want you in my hot, little pussy and beg you to fuck me.

You survey the suite and your eyes fall on the chic, leather sofa located strategically in the centre of the room. Its back is facing us and the door. You draw me towards it, your hand round the nape of my neck, kissing me urgently as we move as one, you rip off your jacket and yank your tie down. You press me against it and I feel your rock hard cock against my hip, you growl at me to turn around and spread my legs. I oblige and my patent, black high heels raise me to the perfect height to be fucked.

You waste no time and whip up the hem of my dress exposing my arse, tantalisingly encased in a crotch-less lace body, you can see my pussy, slick and glistening, you finger me as I bend over the back of the sofa, I tell you to lick me and you sink to your knees behind me. You tease me, running your fingers up my legs, your hands reach my ass and you stretch me out so you have unadulterated access to my hot, little slit. You slide your tongue over me and I quiver as you press your mouth to my pussy. You lick me so perfectly, firm and slow at first then you dart your tongue inside me and I hear you moan in appreciation as you feel me becoming wet. You lick and caress me till you feel me begin to tremble, you beg me to cum over your face and quicken your movements until I'm on the brink. I'm incredibly turned on and within seconds I cum all over you, crying out in pleasure as my juices trickle down my thighs. You hold me firmly in place as you lap it all up.

I beg for your cock, I beg you to fuck me hard like the naughty little slut I am, you detail just how naughty I've been and punish me by unzipping but deliberately not giving me what I want. I glance over my shoulder seductively and I see you stroking your gorgeous hard cock. I tell you again just how much I want you inside me. You finger fuck me as you wank, stiffening as you hear and feel just how wet you're making me. You can't resist...you want to have your cock buried deep in me, you want to feel my juices all over you, you want to see your cum trickling slowly from my pussy. You grab a handful of my hair and thrust yourself fully inside me, I'm tight around you and having you in me is driving me wild, I'm desperate for your cock, you sense my wanton desire and respond by fucking me harder... deeper... rougher...

It's all too much for me, fantasising about this all day has me utterly beside myself and I know that I would let you do anything to me right now. You know it too and take me aggressively, smacking my arse as you feel me clenching around you, it sends me over the edge and I cum hard, squirting all over your cock. You keep fucking me till I climax again then you regain control and pull out, leaving me wanting you...You stand powerfully behind me and make me beg to have you fuck all my holes whilst you play with my arse. You finger it slow calling me a dirty bitch. I want to be your sexy little slut and have you do filthy, filthy things to me. You yank me up by my hair and turn me to face you, you kiss me, like only you can and I breathlessly ask what you want me to do...

You pull off your sapphire blue tie and knot it around my left wrist, you cross my hands and restrain me firmly, I'm so turned on and don't hesitate when you tell me to get on my knees and suck my cum from your cock. I sink to the floor and a slow smile spreads across my lips as I'm faced with your delicious dick, I love sucking cock and you're more than happy to let me. I take my time, slowly running my tongue over your tight balls and up over your hard dick, I swirl it around the tip and then take you in my mouth, you groan loudly in pleasure as I slide up and down your length, teasing you with my tongue as I do so. 

I can taste myself on you as I lick you. I love being submissive in this way, tied up and sucking you, and I can tell how much you're enjoying it by the shallowness of your breath. It's coming hard and fast as I suck you deeper. I'm loving how turned on you are. You suddenly stop me, telling me that you don't want to cum just yet, I'm slightly disappointed, I love swallowing your cum, but I know this only means there's more to come...

You pull me up by the tie around my wrists and walk backwards, gazing at me lustfully as you lead me to the sofa, you sit down and I stand in front of you, I spread my legs for you, you slide your fingers under my dress and deftly stroke me. You look up at me as you keep me wet and our eyes lock. I'm lost; drowning in blue. I can see into your soul, your intense desire for me is clearly visible, your dark, sexy intentions, that remain hidden from the rest of the word, are shown only to me. I want you more than life itself right now and I'm pleased you don't torture me for too long before pulling me on top of you. I straddle you and you ease your rigid dick into my tight little hole.

I slide easily on to you, kissing you passionately as I place my bound hands around the back of your neck...I begin to fuck you, grinding my hips into you as you rub my clit. You can feel the lace brush against your hand and you reach round me to undo my dress, you inch down the zip and it falls away from me exposing my pert tits, covered in sensual black lace. You pinch my already hard nipples firmly before sinking your mouth to them. I whimper in pleasure as you suck and nibble them. My excitement builds.

I'm hoping against hope that my timing is right because I'm expecting company, you, of course, are unaware of my plans having shown up for a night of debauchery with me. I fuck you harder and almost right on cue I hear the click of a key card in the door. You're too involved with how good it feels having my pussy around you to notice and I intend to keep it that way, at least for the time being. I'm looking over the back of the sofa so I can see the man entering, it's Mark, my personal trainer who I played with as a fuck buddy for a while. I knew when I set this plan in motion that he would love to fuck me one more time, he's made it clear on more than one occasion that he's never found a pussy quite as tight as mine!

He walks in, cocky as hell, guns out and a massive cheeky grin on his face. He stops...spellbound...as he slowly takes in the scene. His eyes widen, he stares at me and at the action unfolding before him. I wink mischievously and slyly take in the bulge of his hardening cock, clearly visible through his shorts. I'm still fucking you, moaning loudly as your cock fills me, my tits are on show, bouncing with every thrust. Mark smirks and moves towards me, taking his top off as he does so. He stands silently behind the sofa and our eyes meet. I knew he'd love this. He notices that my wrists are tied and his smile broadens, it's at this point that I introduce him...playfully.

You're shocked...but I feel your cock harden, almost involuntarily, inside me and I know you're excited. You and I have held this fantasy for quite a while and I intend to act it out. You stare at him incredulously, taking in the fact that he's already hard. You return your gaze to me and I can see the question in your eyes, I kiss you urgently in answer. You respond, almost forgetting he's there. I break the kiss and ask him to join us. He unties my wrists, kissing me as he does so...I know that I'm about to have a whole new sensation, I kiss him and it takes me back in time, it has been years since we fucked but I knew he'd be adventurous enough to want to be part of this. You're sucking my nipples as we kiss and I can feel your cock throbbing inside me. Mark drops his pants and slides his hard dick into his hand, he begins to wank over us fucking in front of him and I'm so turned on watching him, watching us. You find your voice and tell me to suck him...

I eagerly lean forward over your shoulder, he's so tantalisingly close, pressed up against the back of the sofa, I take him in my mouth, his cock is rock hard and you watch as I suck and wank him mere inches from you. You rub my clit and I slide my lips down his shaft, taking all of him in. You're almost mesmerised as I lick and tease him, he stiffens further and closes his eyes. I pull away and whisper in your ear that I want us both to suck him off. Your cock is still hard and still deep in my pussy as you turn to the erect dick lingering in front of us. I let you lead and watch as you copy my actions, sliding your lips over him and slowly taking him into your mouth. You begin to suck him and he moans loudly, obviously enjoying himself.

You respond by sucking him deeper, you have never been harder and I begin to grind my hips, making the most of your cock. You move back and forth rhythmically and he thrusts into your mouth in response. Your eyes widen as he growls at you to make him cum, you release him and I move in closer, we lick him together and his eyes flick open, suddenly realising what is happening, however it doesn't faze him and he slowly closes them again, lost in the pleasure of having us both attending his cock. We run our tongues over him, taking turns to suck him, kissing each other as we do so.

It's incredibly exciting and I'm so turned on by it, this is far beyond my kinkiest expectations. We bring him to the brink, his cock is throbbing and we both know he is about to cum, he twitches and shoots his spunk over us both; we lick and suck him in a frenzy, our tongues darting everywhere licking up every drop. You can't hold back and climax deep inside me, your thick cum floods my pussy, you shudder against me and, as Mark's spunk drips from our lips, you kiss me passing his hot spunk between us. 

I slide myself off you and remove my dress revealing the lace body that encases my curves, I silently move myself to the king size bed that is dominating the back of the suite. I lie back watching you both, legs spread high heels on, wondering which of you will come to me first. I know who it will be...you don't disappoint and crawl between my legs to lap up your cum. I know that you both need time to recover and grin wickedly at Mark as you lick me slowly. He grins back and I know I made the right choice inviting him here tonight. He saunters over and joins us on the bed, he watches as you quietly lick up all the spunk covering my pussy and the sexual tension slowly builds between us. He leans in and kisses me urgently as he squeezes my tits. I respond, tentatively at first, until you give me your permission. You tell me you want to see Mark fuck me, you tell me you want to see him make me cum as he fucks all my holes.

We share a three way kiss and begin to play and experiment on the bed, fingers and tongues probing and teasing until you're both fully recovered. Mark slides his dick into my slick pussy, he moans as he feels how tight I am, he fucks me slow, burying his dick deep in me. I grab his arse pulling him into me, craving his cock. You begin to wank as you watch him taking my tight little slit. He fills my pussy and I remember how well he used to fuck me. I tell you to look in the bedside cabinet; you do as I ask and I see a sexy smile cross your lips as you examine the contents. 

You pull out some restraints and a blindfold. You slip the looped end of the rope around my wrist as Mark pleasures me with his cock, he hardens inside me as he becomes aware of what is happening. You tie me firmly to the bedpost and repeat with my other wrist so that my arms are extended above me and I can't escape. I trust you completely and as you tie the blindfold over my eyes and my world goes dark, I know you won't take this further than I'm comfortable with. You will however, take me to the very edge of those boundaries; which is why I love fucking you.

The blindfold heightens all my senses and I feel everything so much more, Mark continues sliding his rock hard cock in and out of my pussy and it feels incredible, I can sense his weight above me as he fucks me slow. All of a sudden a mouth begins to lick and suck my nipples and they harden through the lace. I'm unsure whose mouth it is and I don't care. My pussy is tight around Mark and I'm desperate to have you in me too, you kneel next to me and run your thumb over my lips, I part them slightly and you slide your fingers into my mouth. I suck them sexily, tasting myself on them, then you offer me your gorgeous cock, I take you and you begin to thrust slowly. I'm loving having both my holes filled with cock and begin to moan as you both fuck me. You detail what you want Mark to do to me and he obliges, he begins to fuck me harder, deeper and starts to rub my clit, my excitement builds and I hear you growl at him to make me cum hard.

He pummels my tight little hole and I clench around him sucking you more and more urgently. I don't want to cum yet but without warning my orgasm hits as Mark rams his cock further into me. I buck against him and arch my back as I cum all over his dick. As my orgasm subsides you both pull out and switch places, I'm crazy with desire as you plunge your cock into my drenched pussy and Mark shoves his dick into my mouth, I lick all of my cum from his throbbing cock and suck him as you take me hard. I want both of you to cum and I know you're close, our breathing is loud and all around me I can hear moans and growls of pleasure. I'm on the brink again and you feel me tighten around you as I get close. You fuck me harder watching as I blow Mark. 

I begin to tremble below you and I climax again and again as you both start to cum too. I hear you both telling me how filthy I am and how much you want to see me covered in your cum. I'm writhing against the restraints, you pull out of me, I hear you wanking furiously and, as you cum loudly, I feel your hot, sticky spunk splatter over my pussy, it dribbles down towards my arse, you lick it up and I cum over your face as Mark explodes in my mouth. I try to swallow as much of his cum as I can but some of it trickles from my lips and I hear him tell you how fucking good it feels having me swallow his spunk. He collapses beside me, spent and exhausted. You move up me and kiss his cum from my lips. I'm still restrained but because my hearing is heightened I'm sure I hear a key card click in the hotel room door...

I think I must be mistaken, that it must be my imagination paying tricks on me...that is until I hear you tell me that great minds think alike and I feel a strangers hand on my thigh. My world spins...my mind whirls and I'm suddenly thrown into a game of uncertainty. I have no idea who this man is, or indeed if he is the only man to join us. In my heightened sense of arousal I somehow manage to ask what is happening. You tell me that you want to see me with lots of men, that you want to see them fuck all my holes and that you want to see me covered in their cum. 

I can hear the unbridled lust in your voice as my legs are parted. I feel hot breath on my pussy and I quiver in anticipation, the stranger starts to lick me, his tongue probing my wet, little pussy. His beard scratches me and I imagine he is swarthy, tanned and dark eyed, but of course I have no reason to believe this, he could be anyone. This thought alone causes me to give myself over to what you have in mind for me and I relax, slowly allowing myself to enjoy the sensation.

However, before I have the chance to adjust to the events unfolding a thick cock is pressed against my lips and a voice I don't recognise tells me to suck it. I don't question this and allow the heavy dick to slide into my mouth, I hear moans as I begin to pleasure this new cock. I hear him tell me what a slut I am and I slide down his full length, I feel him stiffen in my mouth and I lick him gently. Suddenly there are fingers and tongues running all over me, my whole body is tingling as my pussy is licked, my arse is fingered and my nipples are pinched. I'm on fire as you all tease and caress me,, I don't know how many men there are here and I don't care...I give in to the fantasy and allow myself to be turned on.

The thick cock I'm sucking begins to twitch as he nears climax. He grabs a handful of my hair and yanks my head back, he moans as he tells me to open my mouth. He tells me to beg for his cum and I do as he asks. He begins to wank and as I'm waiting for his spunk to shoot down my throat another cock enters my pussy, I know it's not you. This means that you're watching me being taken like this...watching them slide into me, watching me being fucked. It turns me on and I moan loudly as the cock fills me. He drives his dick into my soaking slit, I tighten around him and he groans as he continues to fuck me. I can see nothing, but I know intuitively that the man wanking over me is close, I feel reckless and can't stop myself from telling them to cum in both my holes.

They respond almost instantly, uttering filth and obscenities as I feel hot spunk hit my lips and fill my pussy. It's too much for me and I arch my back and climax...shuddering under these strangers. They pull back and I'm left not knowing what will happen next. The lips, fingers and tongues continue to trail over me and I'm unable to discern who is touching me. Cocks slide into me, taking turns to fuck my hot little pussy, rough hands and eager mouths roam over my body as I'm faced with two cocks in front of me. Licking them both, I bring them to the brink, sucking and teasing until they can't bold back and they both cum over me. Spunk drips from my lips, trickles down my chin and onto my pert tits. Suddenly your mouth is on mine, you kiss me urgently tasting the cum left behind, I know how much you must love seeing me blindfolded, restrained and covered in spunk.

I hear Mark tell you how much he wants to fuck me and without warning I feel my hands being untied. You tell me that if I try to remove the blindfold or try to escape that there will be consequences. I'm unsure how many men are in the room, I'm aware of four; there could be more watching me, watching us...this uncertainty only serves to add to the fantasy unfurling in this hotel room. The ties loosen and I'm free from my constraints, I do as you ask and keep the blindfold in place, it would ruin this fantasy for me, I don't want to know who these men are. You pull me to you and I side my hands around your neck and through your dark hair, we kiss, it's intimate and we connect once again. I'm pressed against you and you whisper instructions in my ear. A smile passes over your lips as I kiss you in response.
