 It's a glorious day as the car speeds through the rural countryside, you take the sharp bends confidently as the road twists and turns. You're in control today and I have no idea where we are going or what you have planned for me, I love that we play these games with each other, I love that today I'm your filthy, little slut and will have to do whatever you ask. As we drive you begin to talk dirty to me, detailing what you are going to do to me when we finally arrive at our destination. I'm incredibly turned on and I can feel the wetness soaking through my lace knickers as you talk.

I'm so attracted to you, your voice, your eyes, your charismatic smile...I stretch over and squeeze your cock through your jeans. You're hard and I want to keep you that way. I seductively inch up my dress, you notice almost immediately and reach over to stroke my thigh, your hand inches gently upwards until you're tantalisingly close to my pussy, I shift my position in the seat to allow you access...you begin to finger me as you tell me your plans for later, a smile passes over your lips as you realise how wet I am already. I'm feeling naughty and peel off my panties, you grin and tell me to play with myself, I instantly oblige and feel my breathing quicken as I trail my fingertips over my clit. 

You're struggling to keep your eyes on the road and I distract you further by sliding my fingers into my mouth, I suck them slowly before pushing them inside me. I tease and caress my pussy, getting myself wet and ready for whatever you have in mind for me. Just before I climax I pause, remove my fingers and slip them into your mouth, you suck them deeply, tasting me on them. I smile as I bend forward and undo your belt, I unzip your jeans, take out your gorgeous, hard cock and slide it into my mouth, taking all of your length. 

I suck you slow, my head moving up and down in your lap as you drive, my lips wrap around you and I feel your hand in my hair. You groan telling me just how good it feels to have your dick sucked and how desperately you want to fill my mouth with spunk. I wank you firmly as my tongue flicks all over you, I tease you, licking every inch until I feel you twitch, I suck you hard and I hear you swear, moan loudly and grip the steering wheel, as you shoot your hot cum down my throat. I take it all, then kiss you letting you feel it pass between us. 

Eventually you pull off the country road and park the car in a secluded spot...your mouth quickly finds mine, our tongues intertwine and you run your fingers through my gorgeous brunette hair, grabbing a handful and holding it as we kiss passionately. My feline, green eyes twinkle as I play my part in today's fun. My outfit is designed to capture my mood, a 50's pin up dress, sexy and low cut enough to reveal my full tits while demurely emphasising my waist and skimming my hips. Only my pillar box red lipstick and heels give a hint of my true nature. You're eager to show me the spot you've picked out, it's perfect, an ideal place, in fact it's almost exactly as I described it to you when I told you how I wanted you to fuck me.

Tall trees surround the solitary picnic table, it's a warm day and the light dapples the grass as we cross the clearing. We reach the table and I pull you to me, wrapping my arms around your neck, pressing myself against you as we kiss. I feel the wetness in my pussy begin to build. I'm apprehensive yet totally turned on by the thrill of being caught, thankfully, the spot appears to be deserted. I sit on the table, my scarlet shoes rest on the bench, you move in front of me, our eyes lock and the mood intensifies. 

You kiss me urgently as you slowly undo the buttons down the front of my dress. You peel the delicate straps from my shoulders revealing my pert tits, encased in a black lace bra, I moan softly as you sink your mouth to them, you pinch and play with my hardening nipples, teasing me, caressing me, exciting me through the fabric. Your hand moves under my skirt and I spread my legs for you, desperate for your touch, wanting to feel your fingers in me. I know I'm already wet, I can't help it, I'm unbelievably attracted to you and as you kiss me my desire builds. 

You're dangerously sexy and somehow I can't stop myself from feeling like doing something risky and illicit; you have this effect on me and I'm intoxicated by you. You pause, your bright blue eyes glittering mischievously, as you suddenly remember that I'm not wearing any knickers...you run your fingers over my smooth, shaven pussy before slipping them inside me. Your every touch sends shivers of electricity through me as you deftly finger fuck me, stroking my g-spot and rubbing my clit, you suck my nipples and it doesn't take long before I cum all over you. It has always been this way between us, I love how easily you make me climax and how much you turn me on. 

You push me back so I'm lying on the table, you're standing between my thighs, bent over me, holding my throat as you trail your thumb across my lips, I suck your fingers sexily, maintaining eye contact with you, I taste myself on them and undo the front clasp of my bra. I run my hands over my gorgeous tits and you enjoy watching me; you push my knees apart and sit on the bench between my legs, I flirtatiously flick up my skirt revealing my slick, little pussy. 

You kiss your way up my thighs tasting my cum on them as you do so, you spread me wide in front of you, sinking your mouth to my clit. Your tongue circles it, you suck it gently as you hear me sigh softly, loving the feeling of you going down on me. You slip your tongue inside me and lick me till I'm writhing on the table and my hands are in your short, dark hair pulling you to me. I'm soaking wet and you lap up all my juices. I beg you to make me cum, I beg for your hard cock as you give me an incredible orgasm, it rolls through me again and again as you continue to suck my clit.

You love having me beg for cock and cum and I know you're hard just hearing me plead...you move around to the end of the table and pull me into position so you can plunge your dick into me. You have a great view of my curves as you unzip your jeans, my eyes light up at the sight of your gorgeous cock, you're stiff and glistening with precum, I want nothing more than to have you, right here, right now, I want to feel you inside me, I want to cum around you but you have other ideas. 

You stand between my thighs, you push the tip of your dick into me and I beg you to fuck me. You pull out and I'm left wanting you, you repeat this again and again, driving me wild with desire. Finally, after teasing me till I can hardly bear it, you give in to my pleas and plunge your full length into me, I cry out your name as you begin to fuck me slow and deep, you take me on the table, it's rough, it's hard and I know I'm about to cum again. I hold off as long as I can but your cock is pounding into me, making me clench around you, I can't hold back and I arch under you, shuddering as you make me climax over your dick, I squirt all over your cock, soaking my thighs, you thrust deeper into me and rub your thumb across my clit, you groan loudly as you feel me gush over you once more. 

You surprise me by pulling out and dominantly flipping me over so I'm bent over the end of the table, my tits pressed against the wood. I spread my legs as you push my skirt up so my arse is on show, I'm dripping wet and you growl at me to cum again as you plunge your cock back into me, you're talking dirty to me, telling me how naughty I am and how you want your spunk covering me...I know how close you are; I can feel you harden inside me as you fuck my pussy fast and deep...

Just at that moment a twig cracks underfoot...it appears that we've been caught...fear grips me, you're still very much inside me, your hands on my hips and we're unable to hide what we're doing. We freeze, time stands still and a powerful voice demands that we stop immediately. You do as you're asked and slowly pull out of me, drawing my skirt down as you do so. I stand shakily, we turn and see a small group of soldiers, clearly out on exercise. The commanding officer is the one speaking. He explains in no uncertain terms that we are in trouble, you try to reason with him to no avail. His dark eyes have a dangerous edge to them and as he glances at me I feel their intensity as they travel slowly over me, I shift nervously under his gaze, unsure as to his intentions.

Suddenly he grins, and informs us there is a way to stop the inevitable report of illicit conduct, he tells you that you have to share my pussy with him and that I must satisfy the rest of his men. There are four in total, all rugged and dressed in combat gear, they are now all running their eyes over me and I press myself to your chest, turning away from them. You hold me close and ask me if I want to do this...you already know the answer... although we have no choice, you know that this is a fantasy of mine, wanting to be fucked by a group of men, you want to see their cocks enter me as I suck your dick and so a knowing smile flashes between us, you nod slowly agreeing to the events that are about to take place. You whisper filthy thoughts into my ear and I turn to face the men.



The corporal is tall and athletic and even though he is the oldest of the small section, he appears extremely confident as he approaches me, he places his fingers under my chin and lifts my face towards him. He tells me I have beautiful eyes and a sexy mouth, he kisses me hard, his hand on the back of my neck holding me to him, I can feel the urgency behind it as he presses me towards the picnic table. You're watching, as are the other men, he turns me around and bends me over, he whips up my skirt exposing my slick, glistening pussy, I hear murmurs of approval from around me and I know that the soldiers can see how wet I am. I can't believe that I'm in this situation and that I'm letting it happen. He slides his thick fingers into me and I pray that he won't realise how turned on I am and stop what he is doing, I want him to fuck me, I want his dick inside me, I want to please him and I want you to watch.

I feel him harden through his combats, his cock pressing against my arse, I hear him unbuckle his belt and unzip, I glance over my shoulder and see him, cock in hand, he grins as he notices me watching him, then, without warning, he plunges his huge dick into my tight, little pussy. I cry out as he does so, he takes no notice and begins to fuck me hard and deep. He slides himself into my slick hole, his cock fills me completely and I'm powerless to stop him taking me like this. I don't want to stop him taking me like this. He holds my hips and thrusts into me; I'm enjoying having this stranger fuck me and I know that it's turning you on as you watch it happen. I sneak a look in your direction and I see that you and the rest of the men are already wanking over the view in front of you, it drives me wild knowing that what I'm doing is causing you to react that way.

The corporal takes me hard, fucking my hot little hole for his own gain, he shoves his full length into me and I yield to his thrusts, enjoying being dominated so roughly. I'm struggling not to cum as he increases his strokes, he nears climax and grabs a handful of my long hair, yanking my head back as he fucks me deep. I'm clenching around him and as he feels it, he orders me to cum over his cock, I don't want to but his dick is rubbing my g-spot and he's pulling me onto him with every thrust...before I know what's happening I orgasm hard, panting and bucking against him, he moans as he feels me shudder under him. He pulls out and immediately begins to wank over me, I turn my head and beg for his cum, he can't hold back and brings himself off all over my pert arse, the men are audibly appreciative and I gasp as his hot spunk covers me.

He swears loudly but quickly recovers his composure as my breathing steadies too, he looks over at you, smirks and demands that you lick me clean. You release your cock and move towards me, you reach the table and our eyes meet, yours are filled with lust and desire and I'm sure mine are too, you trail your fingers over my lips, through my hair and down my back as you move alongside me. You make your way behind me and once there you sink to your knees, you run your hands up my legs and kiss the backs of my thighs. I know what you're about to do and I quiver in anticipation. You run your mouth over me, lapping up all of the cum covering my arse. I can feel the thick spunk trickling between my ass cheeks and down onto my pussy, you take your time slurping up every drop, you begin to lick my tight hole and I'm turned on knowing you're tasting his spunk mixed with my cum. You push your tongue into me, lashing my pussy and tight, little cum-soaked arsehole.

The corporal then takes charge once again and orders his second in command to take over. He is about 30, his sandy blonde hair is cut short and his arms are toned. His abs clearly show through his tight, white tee shirt as he strides purposefully towards the bench. I haven't moved, I wasn't told to and so I'm still bent over the end of the picnic table, my legs spread, pussy on show for all to see. He moves into position behind me and drops to his knees, his mouth replaces yours and he licks me slowly and steadily moving over me up to my arse. He circles my asshole with his tongue and I know now how he wants to have me. 

He slips a finger into my arse while slowly fingering my pussy, he inserts three fingers and finger fucks me, turning me on, getting me wet. He pulls out his cock and slides it into my dripping hole, he gets himself covered in my juices whilst he strokes my arsehole. I'm on the brink of an incredible orgasm as he removes his dick from my pussy and pushes it slowly between my arse cheeks, as he enters me I whimper in pleasure, I want my arse stretched by his dick and he doesn't disappoint me. I see you mesmerised by his cock sliding into me and I know you're enjoying this as much as I am. 

He begins to fuck me...spreading my cheeks wide and fucking me slow at first. He becomes more forceful with each thrust until he is fully inside me, he takes me on the table plunging into me over and over groaning as he does so. I'm incredibly tight around him and I can feel him responding to it as his hardness builds inside me. I can tell he's close as he begins to moan and swear, telling his company how tight I am and how filthy I am, he shudders as he cums deep in my arse, he shoots his spunk into me and I feel it drip all over me as he pulls out.

Once again the corporal tells you to clean up the cum and you do as he asks, you lap up all of the sticky spunk, licking it from deep in my arse, your tongue burying into me as you make sure you capture every drop of it. I know you've always wanted to suck cum out of me and I imagine how hard you are having watched another man fuck my ass and cum deep inside me.Unbeknown to me the other men have moved closer, they're all wanking over me, they want their turn and I wonder how much more I can take. I know I have to let the rest of the soldiers have their way with me and I'm shaking with anticipation. 

The commanding officer motions to the remaining men and they eagerly move towards me. They gesture to each other and position themselves around the picnic table, the man behind me tells me to turn onto my back and as I do so I see the men who surround me. They are all young, in their late 20's, all of them are well built and chiselled. They look like typical soldiers, close cropped hair and white tees, they are gazing at me hungrily. The men at either side of me have their dicks in their hands and are already stroking themselves, I love seeing them hard over me and I know I'm going to get to suck them all soon enough. 

The man at the end of the table runs his hands up my thighs spreading me open in front of him. He rubs my clit without touching my pussy and within minutes I'm writhing under his touch, he continues to stroke me as he slides his dick into my now soaking pussy, he fucks me ever so slow, hardly moving inside me, it drives me wild, I clench and unclench around him and before long I arch my back and cum hard all over him, it's the most intense orgasm and as I buck against him the surrounding men begin to play with my tits, pinching and licking my nipples and I cry out in pleasure as I squirt over the table. He hasn't cum yet and I know I'm about to be well and truly fucked.

I'm suddenly aware of the men to either side me and I reach for them, they slide their rock hard cocks into my hands and I begin to wank them all off, they moan as I turn them on... I want them, I want them to cover me in their cum and I want you to lick it off me afterwards. Confidently I move without permission, no longer caring if they realise I'm enjoying myself, I take the dark haired man in my mouth, sliding down his length, sucking him deeply, he moans loudly as I run my tongue over the tip of his throbbing cock, my pussy is being fucked hard and deep and I'm loving being filled like this. I shift my attention to the next squaddie, I hear him groan as my lips wrap around his shaft. I'm so turned on that I alternate between the two men, sucking and wanking each of them in turn...they are both close to the brink and I keep them there as my pussy is pounded fast and rough, the sun glares down as I'm fucked and filled.

The corporal and the second in command now also move into my view and they order you to join them. I know what is about to happen and it turns me on more than anything, I'm beside myself knowing that you're all going to cum all over me. I'm on the brink and as the blonde fucking me feels me tighten around him he slides his thumb over my clit and I cum hard...he signals to you and the rest of the men and you all begin to stroke your cocks over me...I lick and suck as many as I can. 

Without warning the energy around us turns and before I know what's happening men are sliding their fingers and cocks into my mouth, my pussy and my arse. I'm unable to discern which man I'm tasting or sucking I just know I'm loving every second of this. I have a dick in my arse, fingers in my pussy and a cock in my mouth and I'm bucking wildly as I cum again and again. This pleasure seems to go on forever and I know different guys are putting their cocks wherever they like, fucking my arse, fucking my pussy, fucking my mouth. I'm being totally dominated by you all and I'm powerless to resist. I hear men groaning as all my holes are filled...then, nothing...

My eyes flutter open and see you all standing around me wanking hard, you all cum in close succession, I'm covered in spunk, it lands on me, drips off me, it trickles over my tits and my pussy, I rub the cum into myself as you watch me. The men around me are panting hard as they recover themselves, they're acting like typical army guys high fiving each other but I don't really notice them, my eyes are fixed on yours and I can see how much you've enjoyed seeing me being fucked by all of those different men. You move close to me and slowly slide your hands over my cum soaked body, you rub it into me and then suck your fingers...you slide them into my mouth and I gaze at you, my eyes glazed with lust. I can tell you want to fuck me and make me yours again but with the threat of report still hanging over us I know that we have to be extremely careful. 

At that moment the commanding officer comes to speak to us, I tingle as he trails his fingers over my naked body, still spread out on the table. He grins and tells us we are free to go, he mutters something to you and you smile and nod. At the same time he dismisses his remaining soldiers and he and the second officer leave the solitary clearing, jogging down the path into the forest heading back to the base that I presume is nearby. The relief washes over us and you pull me to you, you kiss me deeply, we connect once again and I can't wait to get you alone so I can sit astride your cock and replay the events of today over and over as I make you cum. We suddenly realise that we're not alone, the other soldiers are still present and they're discussing my antics enthusiastically. Looks are exchanged and gestures made and suddenly one of the men moves towards us.
