 It was going to happen tonight, and Jane couldn't wait. Her pussy had been wet all day thinking about it. She had gone to the ladies' room three different times to play with herself -- she was that excited! That last time, she was pretty sure someone heard her getting off, but she didn't really care. She figured she'd deal with that when she had to.

Tonight, Friday night, after work, she was leaving town and driving about 120 miles to a motel on the coast. Her bag was in her car. It didn't have much in it besides lots of condoms, some lube, a robe and some t-shirts. Basically, she wasn't planning to spend more than a few minutes in clothing until it was time to come back on Sunday evening. 

It had started a little over a year ago while she was dating Tim. He was a wild one, and he'd introduced her to video porn. Up until then, she had known it was there but never investigated. That changed in a hurry, however. Before Tim she was really just a plain woman who fucked; after Tim, however, she was now a wanton, insatiable, cum-hungry slut. And she loved it! 

She still recalled how they had begun -- they had already cum twice each, and Tim was fingering her when he asked her "what kind of porn do you like?" When finally admitted that she'd never watched it, Tim withdrew his hand and said "That has to change!

Initially Jane was a little put off. Sex was supposed to be private. Between man and woman -- not displayed for all to see. Tim was smart, however, and before he started he rolled a joint of Willie's Reserve and they both indulged. Once they were buzzed he opened his laptop and projected the pictures on his big screen TV. The sudden change in size and perspective did something for Jane -- her pussy responded right away, moistening, and her hands were soon busy on her nipples and her clit. On screen, a tiny blonde with obviously enhanced boobs was being subjected to a storm of cum from half a dozen very large cocks. While it may have been great acting, it caused Jane to get off and cum over and over. Meanwhile Tim sat and watched her, stroking his nine-inch member and grinning like a fiend. 

"Still reluctant?" He asked.

"I, er, ah, no. I'm not. That was hot -- it took me some place I'd never imagined. Was it the porn or the weed?"

"Does it matter? I got so hard watching you get off I thought it was amazing. And, of course, there's lots more to explore."

From there, she spent hours and hours exploring all the different things men and women did together. It was a short jump from that to scenes with multiple partners. That led to gay and lesbian scenes. And more. After two weeks, Tim introduced her to interracial gang bangs, and Jane was hooked. Watching those big black cocks filling every hole of white woman after white woman got her in a fever pitch. Soon that was all she would watch.

When she broke up with Tim, he wound up spending more time on the internet watching porn. At some point, she got a bit braver and began to explore chat rooms and online forums. It was there, under the username "wantingitbad" that she began to ask questions.

She asked if there were any woman who enjoyed gang bangs and would chat. She received 4 different responses within minutes! Given that, she quickly set up a private chat room and discretely sent them the name. Then she logged into it and waited. 

"3holeslut" was first to enter, followed quickly by "lotsacock" and then "virginslut" -- all names with what had to be interesting stories. After waiting three or four minutes for the fourth woman, Jane went ahead. 

WANTINGITBAD: Thanks for joining me here. Let me tell you about myself. My name is Jane. I'm 27, single, an average figure, and the idea of getting gang banged -- especially by big black cocks -- is the only thing I can think about.

LOTSACOCK: I know the feeling. Before I had my first GB it was always on my mind! Now that I have them regularly, I'm not pre-occupied like I was. But they are the only thing that gets me off. Oh, and my real name is Nancy.

3HOLESLUT: Right. I know exactly what you mean! I mean, I live for them -- there's nothing like having 3 feet of cock injected into your body! I'm Tasha, by the way.

WANTINGITBAD: 3 feet?! How's that possible? 

3HOLESLUT: I'd think it was obvious -- but then again, you are new. All my guys are really well hung, and once we get started they fill all three of my holes over and over. And when they cum there's nothing like it! Long, thick dicks shooting cum deep down my throat, deep in my cunt and way up my ass -- it's like being injected with the nectar of the gods!

VIRGINSLUT: You do anal? Wow! I can't get a white boy's tiny dick up my ass, let alone some of the monsters the brothers carry. I'm Marie and I'm jealous! 

3HOLESLUT: It took some practice. I had to work up to getting them in -- bought a set of butt plugs in graduated sizes. After I got the smallest one in and then wore it for a few days, I replaced that one with the next biggest one and did the same thing. After I got finished with the biggest one I had, I spent a night just getting my ass fucked -- and my boys were fine with taking it slow. Started small and worked my way up to Big Daddy -- and he's 14 inches and thick as a baseball bat. The best part of that night was that I came over and over without touching myself. Anal orgasms are amazing!

VIRGINSLUT: Any chance you'd sell those butt plugs sister?

3HOLESLUT: Hell no -- go buy your own! They are worth having!

At that point they were joined by "conniespreads". 

CONNIESPREADS: Sorry it took so long to join you guys, but my main bull called and wanted to set up our next meet.

WANTINGITBAD: Good for you. We were just getting to know each other. I'm Jane.

CONNIESPREADS; What's to know -- we're all cumsluts who get off on gang bangs. Anything else? Oh, and just call me Connie.

3HOLESLUT: I'm Tasha.

VIRGINSLUT: I'm Marie

LOTSACOCK: I'm Nancy

CONNIESPREADS: So, you wanted us to talk to you, Jane. What about?

WANTINGITBAD: Well, I'm on my own. I don't know any brothers, I don't want to be discovered by people I know, but I really want to just become a fuck toy for a bunch of them. What do I do?

CONNIESPREADS: Okay, well, first off, are you on the pill -- or are you looking to get pregnant?

WANTINGITBAD: On the pill. Not ready for pregnancy by a long shot!

CONNIESPREADS: You any sort of virgin? Is there anything you won't do?

WANTINGITBAD: Well, I've been fucking for years. I love anal and I can deep throat every guy I've been with. So far. 

LOTSACOCK: What was the biggest one you did?

WANTINGITBAD: My ex was 9 inches.

3HOLESLUT: HA!

CONNIESPREADS: Well, you may need some practice with bigger tools, but it's good that you know what you like and that you like it all. 

VIRGINSLUT: Yeah, she'll be an instant hit! What do you need us for? Sounds like you're ready to me.

WANTINGITBAD: Well, there's a couple of things. First, I don't know where to find big black cocks. The city I live in is small and basically all white. Next, I want to keep this from the people I work with and know. And then I started worrying about STDs and like that.

CONNIESPREADS: Well, at least you're thinking with your mind and not just your pussy! Go get yourself checked for STD's first. Then have the people who do the testing tell you how to read someone else's test results. 

LOTSACOCK: After that, then make it an unbreakable rule -- if the guy shows up without current test results, he doesn't get to play. Don't break that rule! You'll be tempted, I can promise you! The minute you make an exception for one they will all take advantage of it." 

3HOLESLUT: No current cert, no sex. NO EXCEPTIONS!

LOTSACOCK: Absolutely.

VIRGINSLUT: Definitely.

CONNIESPREADS: Never violate that rule!!!

WANTINGITBAD: But won't they get upset? Won't it bother them?

3HOLESLUT: Jane, they are men with the biggest cocks you've ever seen. They think that gives them the right to do anything they want -- and they will unless you put your foot down. They'll make all kinds of noises and faces, but if it's a choice between no sex and getting tested the ones worth fucking are the ones who will choose the test. The others aren't worth it.

LOTSACOCK: Amen.

VIRGINSLUT: Amen indeed!

3HOLESUT: As for meeting them, maybe we should see if you are close to any of us. We all have our guys and might be able to help out.

WANTINGITBAD: I'm in Victor, Texas. 

3HOLESLUT: Nowhere near me -- I'm in Detroit

VIRGINSLUT: I'm in Las Vegas

LOTSACOCK: Too bad, I'm on Long Island. 

CONNIESPREADS: But I'm Port Arthur -- that isn't all that far. Houston's between us and prime territory for big black cock. A couple of my bulls are there. While I don't want to become your pimp, if you came here for a weekend I could probably introduce you to my guys. But let me warn you -- an introduction to them doesn't simply mean shake hands and say how do you do. They are going to want to try you out. Would you be up for that?

WANTINGITBAD: Would you be there too?

CONNIESPREADS: I could be. Do you go both ways?

WANTINGITBAD: I've thought about it. I'm not opposed to it -- just never tried it before.

3HOLESLUT: Well, Connie, you going to teach her muff diving?

CONNIESPREADS: Well hell yes. I'm going to have her demonstrate it to the brothers. I have to get something out of it for setting her up, don't I?

LOTSACOCK: Then why don't you film it as well! That could be our payback. 

WANTINGITBAD: I like it. Connie can capture just what a cum slut I am and I would love to hear what you had to say about it. But you MUST promise that no one else will see it. No posting it to a web site -- just private copies for all of us.

They all agreed. 

LOTSACOCK: I tell you what, Jane, I'm going to film my next bang. We should all do it!" 

One by one they all agreed.

They exchanged cell phones and email addresses, and then they called it a night. As soon as the chat ended, Jane's cell phone rang.

"Hey, slut, it's me. Connie. I want to get this set up really soon. What about you?"

"Hell yes! My pussy is soaking wet; and if I don't do something to get off I'm going to explode."

"Well, don't let me stop you. Go right ahead -- but since I'm on the phone you need to keep me involved."

"Wait. Do you have an iPhone?"

Connie said she did.

"Then hang up, get naked and comfortable, and I'll call you back on Face Time." With that Jane hung up. After stripping off all her clothes, she propped up the pillows on her bed, pulled out her largest dildo and her vibrators and initiated a Face Time call with Connie.

When Connie answered the phone they each got their first look at one another. 

"You want to show me your equipment?" Said Connie.

"If you return the favor." Replied Jane.

"Of course! Now let's see your boobs!"

Jane placed her phone on a selfie stick, and clamped that to a tripod. Moving it out from her body, she could see that the picture started with her face and included everything down to her knees. Her 36D boobs were prominent, the large dark areolae contrasting sharply where her boobs had never seen sun. Her nipples were hard and long. Then came her toned stomach, then the landing strip of hair above her pussy, then finally the dark outer lips of her pussy, glistening with the moisture within. She cupped her breasts, then pinched the nipples. With one hand still working on a nipple, the other worked its way down between her legs. 

"Nice" said Connie. "You really are blessed in the boob department. The guys are going to love that." Holding her phone away from her face, she showed off her breasts. Nowhere near as big, but both nipples were pierced with rings. "See, I fall flat in the tit department according to my guys. At least the piercings give them something to play with -- but you are something they will enjoy!"

"Thanks. I like those piercings. Do they enhance the feeling?"

"Absolutely! You may want to get yours done as well. But enough of that -- you said you were dripping and needed to get off. Go ahead! You have an audience now. Make me hot enough to join you!"

"Um, okay. But I'm not sure I can talk at the same time." 

"Do your best. Guys like to hear their women talk like they are cock crazy. It's a good time to practice." 

"Okay. Just thinking about being in a roomful of big black men and their cocks got me weak at the knees and dripping wet. All I can think about is surrendering to what ever they want from me. I want to get on my knees and start off by sucking each cock. Licking their balls. Grabbing that hard cock meat in both hands and letting each one fuck my face. Then I can imagine one of them deciding to play with my pussy. And to start sticking his dick in. Like this. 

At that point she grabbed her 12-inch black dildo and held it up to the camera to show Connie, then directed it at her pussy. She began to rub the tip over her outer lips, slowly getting it lubricated with her juices.

"Quit the delicate foreplay, bitch. The boys aren't going to be anywhere near that gentle." Said Connie. 

"You mean shove it in like this?" And with a thrust of her wrist at least nine inches where suddenly buried deep in her pussy. She moaned.

"That's it! You're their toy. Their fuck doll. Get it all in and then start fucking yourself!"

Jane obeyed as if she were hypnotized and soon was pulling the dildo out and then shoving it in all the way, over and over, faster and faster. She began to grunt with every thrust. She reached over to her assortment of toys and picked up her Magic Wand, turned it on and applied it to her clit at the same time. Within a minute she starting cumming, and within a minute she was flopping on her bed like some sort of fish out of water. The big black dildo was fully up inside her, the Magic Wand jammed against her clit and she just kept orgasming. At some point, she let the Magic Wand fall away and lay there, her legs spread wide, the dildo still buried in her cunt, her eyes glazed over. 

"Oh my god that was amazing! Shit, honey, they are going to love making you cum!" 

"You think so?"

"I know so! Now you can watch me -- I doubt it will be as entertaining, but watching you cum like that has me ready to pop. See?"

She angled her phone to show her hand on her clit, rubbing frantically over and around and over and around, faster and faster until she began to orgasm. Jane came around to the sounds of orgasm coming from Connie, and watched in amazement as Connie squirted something from her pussy. 

The two of them lay panting, staring at one another, until Connie announced that she had to call it a night and she'd be in touch about what would be next. They said good night and Jane turned to sleep. 

The next day came and went and Jane was beginning to wonder if it had all been a dream when she got a late afternoon text from Connie:

"My bull took some convincing, but after I described what I saw you do, he relented. Said he'll be sure to have a few brothers join us this weekend. You can make it this weekend, can't you?"

"Of course," shot back Jane. "Any details yet?"

"About all you need to know is that you need to get here on Friday as early as you can, and prepare yourself to be here until Sunday afternoon. You won't be going out much, so no need to get dressy. Bring some comfortable stuff to relax in. Maybe a bathing suit. Your favorite lube. LARGE condoms. I will have an address for you by Friday morning. Got it?"

"Yes." Jane texted. "I can't wait!"

Here it was, Friday afternoon, and Jane was driving to a hotel in a suburb of Houston. She had the address, the room number and torrential wetness in her pussy. 

It was about 7:30 when she pulled into the motel parking lot. Carrying her bag, she walked through the lobby and straight to the elevators as if she owned the place. When the doors opened she stepped in a punched 9. As the elevator rose she calmed herself and began to breathe deeply. When it stopped at the ninth floor and the doors opened she was composed and breathing deeply as she stepped out and proceeded to the room. She knocked quietly and then waited.

The door opened. Connie appeared stark naked, framed in the doorway, a huge grin on her face as she grabbed Jane's hand and pulled her into the room. 

"You made it! I was beginning to worry, but you're here now. That's what counts!"

"Thanks. Wasn't it a bit risky to answer the door naked?"

"Of course, it was -- that's what makes it so exciting! Besides, I'm so fucking horny and excited by you being here that I'd have fucked the maid if she showed up. Can you feel how wet I am?" With that she grabbed Jane's hand and placed it on her shaved mound. 

That brought Jane up close, and in an instant, they were embracing each other and their tongues were dueling. Connie's hands were busy unfastening Jane's clothing; Jane's one hand was now finger fucking her new friend and squeezing a boob with her other hand. It was almost comical -- and later, when they watched the video together, they broke up laughing and had to stop the replay -- but it was also frantic and passionate. 

It didn't take long before Jane lost her blouse, and Connie's hands were all over her larger, soft tits. She began squeezing and stroking, paying attention to the sensitive areas on top of them, the equally sensitive ones around the nipple as well. It was but a moment before she reached behind Jane to unfasten the bra and help remove it. There were her very large, soft boobs. Connie put her hands on the outside of each and squeezed them up and together. Then she bent down and her mouth attacked first one nipple and then the other, eliciting a sharp moan from Jane. Jane removed her hands from Connie's now dripping cunt long enough to unfasten her belt and remove her pants and underpants at the same time. 

The two naked women pulled apart and examined each other. 

"Are you sure you're just 36D? Your tits look bigger than that!" Said Connie.

"You made them grow! Almost like a dick getting hard. They feel fuller than ever. You should keep playing with them! Please keep playing with them!!" Jane was almost pleading.

Suddenly, Connie's demeanor changed, and her tone became very firm and demanding. 

"That will happen, but first, it's time to introduce you to the joys of muff-munching. Carpet diving. Cunt licking -- whatever you want to call it, I'm going to lie down, spread my legs wide, and I expect to see you get between them and get to work. Understand?"

Connie took Jane's hand and moved into the bedroom of the suite. Jane stood at the doorway, taking in the huge bed, the mirrors around the walls, the candle light and the smells. She caught a glimpse of dark leather on the couch in the corner and had begun to pay attention to it when Connie spoke up.

"We'll get to that stuff later. Right now, slut, get over here and make your Mistress very happy. Eat me and make me beg for more!" With that, she reached to the nightstand and flicked a switch.

"And yes, I just turned on the cameras. All the girls want to watch how you do -- they might be interested in you paying them a visit, depending on how you do me."

"Well, then, Mistress, I better get to work, hadn't I?" With that she strode to the bed, dropped to her knees at the foot of it, and bent forward until her face was barely touching the outer lips of her Mistress's cunt. She closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. A smile came to her face and she stuck out her tongue. 

She lightly made contact with the skin around Connie's lips. Instead of just diving right in (as a man would want) Jane concentrated on building up the sensations and anticipation. She was soon rewarded by Connie's comments.

"Ohh, slut, you can't be a virgin at this. You are doing things to me no one has ever done. It's like you're in my head, knowing where to go to make me happy. Fuck!" 
