 Ever since Nancy had entered the online chat room and admitted in public – well, to a small sector of the public that had similar interests – that she loved gang bangs, life had seemed a little strange. (For details about that night, see Dirty Girls: Jane's First Gang Bang.) It was the first time she'd actually verbalized that she really did like it when she was the only woman in a room full of big cocks. Just the admission itself seemed to shift the way she saw things. 

Then there was the revelation that some of the girls liked anal. Up until then, she had resisted every guy's attempt to take her backdoor cherry, but since then it had been on her mind. She would suck and fuck, give hand jobs and titjobs, but touching her asshole had stopped at least two different parties because she was that vehement about it. Now, however, some of her free time had been spent online, researching anal sex. And the more she found, the more she began to consider that she'd been a real prude. 

The same chat board where she met Jane, Tasha, Connie and Nancy had a chat room devoted to anal. At first, she stayed in the background, lurking as person after person gave praise to the pleasures of the butt. Women reported orgasms just from butt sex – that seemed like a crock until she did some research. There were documented reports. It was real. It was possible. So, two days later she returned to the chat room and meekly asked a question.

VIRGINSLUT: Anyone remember their first time? Can you share about it?

BACKDOORMAN: Man, I couldn't believe it was so tight back there! 

VIRGINSLUT; Were you receiving?

BACKDOORMAN: Hell no, honey, I was working it into my baby's back door. What about you?

VIRGINSLUT: Hasn't happened yet. It's why I'm asking.

BACKDOORMAN: Oh, let me help you out, I'll make sure you love it.

MAKEITNICE: Chill, man. Unless you've gone gay you haven't a clue. You ever let your girlfriends peg you? Or is that beneath you?

BACKDOORMAN: No way. Not gonna happen. 

MAKEITNICE; Then what you better do is STFU. You ain't answering her questions and you have no clue. When you bend over and take it, come back and let us know. 

BACKDOORMAN: Hey, I got a right to say what I want.

MAKEITNICE: No, you don't. I'm the admin here and I say bye bye

The user was no longer in the room. There were still others logged on who hadn't said anything so far, however. 

MAKEITNICE: I am about to make this a private chat. That means if you are here you are agreeing to participate, and agreeing to keep this on track. If you think you might violate that, then now's the time to leave. If you do violate those rules you will be locked out of all adult chats for 30 days. Clear? Okay, ten seconds until it's private. Choose.

Three users disappeared. That left Marie, the admin, and two other participants – 

NOTJUST4SITTING and BOTTOM4BIG. Not the most creative usernames, but clearly with some anal interest. 

MAKEITNICE: Okay, I am going to leave the three of you here. It's not my cup of tea, but this is now private and you can chat with impunity. Bye.

VIRGINSLUT: I'm Marie. I'm now really interested in anal play. But I don't like pain. 

NOTJUST4SITTING: I'm Hannah, and I understand. Do it right and the pain will be very fleeting.

BOTTOM4BIG: I'm Mike, and I agree. But you have to know how to prepare. It makes all the difference. Don't expect to take on monster cocks first time out (or in, hahaha).

NOTJUST4SITTING: First thing I did was have my boyfriend help me out. He was thrilled, cuz he knew that eventually he was gonna get the real thing, and he'd been telling me how bad he wanted it for weeks. 

BOTTOM4BIG: Lucky! I had no one but me at the time. 

VIRGINSLUT: Well, right now it's just me, but I have friends who probably would help. Trouble is, though, that most of them are really hung, since that's what I like to fuck. 

NOTJUST4SITTING: Well, then you either need a new friend or two or the right toys. I assume you have some toys?

VIRGINSLUT: Of course. 

BOTTOM4BIG: What do you use for relaxing? Alcohol? Weed? 

VIRGINSLUT: One of the benefits of living in Las Vegas is that weed is now legal and available. 

BOTTOM4BIG: Good! Get some Indica, and ask for some that's good for sensations. Once you have that, then get private and if it helps, set up your place with the right vibe – you know, music, lighting, etc. 

VIRGINSLUT: Sounds good.

NOTJUSTFORSITTING: Wait a minute, though. While you are getting the weed, be sure to stop and get an enema kit and some good lube. Astroglide works well for me. Before you get "in the mood" get yourself cleaned out so that isn't a worry. When that's all done, light up, turn on the music and get into the feelings. You watch porn?

VIRGINSLUT: Of course! Hell, I make some!

BOTTOM4BIG: You'll have to let us know what you've done!

VIRGINSLUT: I'll send you guys links, okay?

BOTTOM4BIG: Cool

NOTJUSTFORSITTING: Absolutely! Anyway, put on what ever really arouses you and get off a time or two. Then you can not only use the lube but your own juices. Wet your finger and begin to play with your little hole. Rub around it. Make it feel good. Don't rush inserting anything, just get used to the sensations. 

BOTTOM4BIG: Slowly press your finger in. Get more lube on it if you need to. Use plenty. And then just relax. If you try pushing out like you were taking a dump, it loosens the sphincter and your finger will sip in. Take to time just get used to the sensations. 

NOTJUSTFORSITTING: If you can get more than one finger in, do it. Feel it all. If you set some of your toys close by, think about inserting a small one. If you have a small vibrator, use that!

VIRGINSLUT: Damn, I'm all wet reading what you guys are saying! I'm going to go do this now. I'll let you know how it went, okay? I can't thank you enough!

With that Marie ended the chat and shut down her computer. It took a couple of minutes to put her hair in a pony tail, throw on some sweats and sneakers and grab her purse and phone. Then she locked the apartment behind her and drove to the nearest Green Dispensary and waited for a salesperson to greet her. 

"Hi, I'm Charlotte, and how can I help you?"

"I'm Marie, and I'm looking for some weed that will enhance my sex life. Is there anything really good for that?"

"Oh yes, come this way. First off, have you smoked before?"

"Yes, a few times."

"Good, then let me recommend this strain of Indica. The THC is 31% - about as high as it goes. Care to smell?"

"Sure." Sniffing, Marie recognized the scent of pot, but that was about it. She said she'd take that as well as a pipe, an ashtray and a lighter – just to be sure she had everything she'd need. It had been a while – back when getting high was an end in itself. Now it was a tool to get her ready for an expanded sex life. Times had sure changed!

After she left the dispensary she stopped at her local pharmacy and found an enema kit and then headed home. Once back at her apartment she made sure the locks were thrown, the phone was set to quiet, and then she sat and read the instructions. 20 minutes in the bathroom and she felt sure she'd handled that. 

Next, she moved to her bedroom and did as her tutors had suggested – she made the place soft and sensuous. Putting a towel on the bed almost ruined the mood, but she got over it. Next, she broke out the weed and filled the pipe. It took about ten minutes to finish the bowl, and for the next few minutes she just reveled in the sensations. Her remaining clothing was soon on the floor, and she began to run her hands over her body. 

That weed was working, she thought. Just touching her nipple sent shock waves into her pussy. Rubbing along her inner arm was causing sensations all over her body. She closed her eyes and continued to find new sensations in old gestures. Squeezing her nipples was like throwing a switch and sending electricity through her veins. Stroking the insides of her thighs caused her to cry out, and when she finally brought her hands to her pussy, she got lost in the sensations of her moist lips and their slippery texture, of the heat inside as she inserted fingers, and the breathtaking pulsations of her clit. Without warning she was cumming after barely touching herself!

As she calmed down and let the waves of pleasure subside, she set up another bowl full and smoked it. Now her legs were spread wide and her knees were bent, exposing her ass as well as her pussy. She felt her juices run down the crack and over her little hole, and moved a finger to begin to rub them around and around. Soon she was reaching for the lube, and getting her fingers coated with it. Remembering the coaching, she bore down and was amazed that not one but three fingers were suddenly enveloped in her hot, tight rear passage. She used her other hand to stroke her clit, and began to work her fingers in and out of her back channel. She was falling into the sensations and loving it. 

Almost without warning she was overwhelmed by another orgasm. Her asshole clenched around the fingers in it as she came in waves of pleasure; sensations that were felt in places she'd never experienced. And she rode the wave of golden fiery liquid sensations in her body her orgasm continued and she found herself squirting all over her hands. That had never happened before!

In a few moments she was able to catch her breath. She mentally thanked herself for thinking ahead and putting down the towel as she used it to dry herself of her juices. Once done, she turned to her toy collection and sought out her most lifelike dildo. Seven inches long, seeming molded from a real cock, the feel of it was very close to the real thing. She'd had much bigger – she preferred much bigger, frankly – but if she could get three fingers in so quickly, then this was the next logical step. Coating it with Astroglide, she also spilled some onto her upturned asshole and began to work it inside with her fingers. The sensations were unique and exciting. It was only a moment before she brought the toy to her tiny hole. She paused with it there and reviewed what she'd been told.

She used her ass muscles as if she were about to dump, and as she felt the little hole expand she pressed the slick, coated dildo in. There was a moment of almost pain – more like discomfort – and suddenly the head was two inches deep into her rear and the feeling was extraordinary. She just held still and felt the quivering in her pussy. She felt the motions of the dildo in her hand and began to press it deeper. Suddenly inspired, she grabber her jackrabbit vibrator with her free hand, turned it on and began to use it on her pussy. Stroking the lips with the vibrations had her gasp in delight. She pressed harder and the dildo went another two inches into her rear, filling her full in a way she'd never been. Now the head of the jackrabbit contacted her clit and a third orgasm went off like an earthquake in her lower body. Using the sensations of it she pressed the dildo all the way up into her ass and lost herself in the sensations. 

Eventually she came back to her body, stunned and stoned. She felt as if she had been taken out of her body and put back in differently. Gradually she withdrew the dildo from her rear, savoring the sensations throughout the process. She lay there, emptied, and simply observe the nerve endings firing and the quivering and fluttering of her body. 

At some point she fell asleep.

When Marie woke up, the candles had burned down to nubs. It took her a few moments to get up and actually walk to the bathroom where she took care of business. Before she crawled back into bed she sent a message to her coaches (Hannah and Mike.).

"Took your coaching and it was amazing! So glad you shared with me. I came over and over like never before. Thank you, thank you, thank you! And that's just for me! My boyfriends may wind up worshipping you both – they've been waiting to take my ass for a long time. They'll get it this weekend! Love, Marie."

Next, Marie composed an email to her "crew" – the eight guys who she'd been fucking and sucking in one combination or another for the past year. All of whom had at one time or another attempted to convince her to give up her anal cherry, and all of whom had been rebuffed. She was going to try to be subtle about it, but at her next opportunity she was going to give in. And if it were with all eight of them, then it would be fine with her. She drafted an email.

"Hello, my big men. I know that every one of you has asked me for something (some times more than once) that up until now I was not going to give. I'm letting you know that I've seen the error of my ways and that when we next meet the wait is over. Hope I see you this weekend. You won't want to miss it. My country house, Saturday night."

She looked at it, then saved it and watched some TV. When she had let it sit for a while she came back to her computer. Opening up the draft email again, she put in the email addresses for her men, gave it a subject line and sent it. The subject was Making an Ass of Myself. If they couldn't get it from that, then she needed a new crew! 

With that she shut things down, went to bed and slept like a baby.

Every night leading up to Saturday she decided to "exercise" her newly discovered erogenous zone. She wasn't about to be caught by surprise by the guys – they'd never let her live it down. As it was she knew she'd get teased and questioned about what had her give in. Better to be sure she could deal with the largest of the cocks she knew would be there. There were three of them over ten inches long – and two of those were almost as thick as beer cans. Each night after work she cleaned herself out, smoked herself high and lubed her ass, and she practiced impaling herself on larger and thicker toys until she was sure she could accommodate any of her men. 

On Friday night she packed for her adventure. The country house was a two hour trip north. She had her normal bag of necessities, and made sure to add her enema kit and new lube to it, as well as what remained of her stash. She knew that at least 3 of her men would have more. A leisurely drive after rush hour got her in the area by 8PM, and she stopped at the local diner for a meal. Seating herself at a booth, she looked over the specials on the chalkboard while waiting for Gracie – her friend from high school days and the owner, head waitress and chief-cook-and-bottle-washer – to come by. In a moment she dropped in the seat opposite Marie and they exchanged greetings. 

Gracie took one look at her and asked: "What? What happened and what are you up to?"

"Me? What makes you say that?"

"It could be the look on your face. The one I used to see back in school when you'd be telling me about banging the basketball team, or blowing their coach. The devilish twinkle in your eye says you are up to something! What is it?"

Marie found herself blushing. But she had never kept secrets from Gracie, so she wasn't about to start. 

"In all the time I've known you, you remember the one thing I was never going to do?"

"Screw a white boy with a shrimpy dick?"

They both broke up laughing. 

"Wait? You going to give up your back door? Really? What changed your mind? It wasn't me even if I been telling you for years that it's cool. What happened?"

Marie proceeded to fill her BFF in on what had happened. She talked about the initial chat room with the other women – her dirty girls, as she now thought of them – where she heard how their men loved it but that they did as well. Then the most recent chat with Hannah and Mike, and finally how she been discovering for herself since then what she'd been missing.

"Now you know what I been saying, don't you!" 

"Yeah, girl, I should have listened, a long time ago. But I plan to make up for lost time."

"How many of your crew you taking on tomorrow?"

"What? What makes you think..."

"Simple. I've known you for ten years. The only time you stop here on a Friday to talk is when you are partying at your place. You never invited me, but that's okay. I found out from your guys what goes on. Hell, you're a bigger slut that I ever was! And I took on the whole first-string football team at least twice!"

"Yeah, I got all eight of me crew coming tomorrow. Many times, hopefully! Hell, why don't you join us? As long as you're prepared to give it all up to them. I mean, these are my regulars and I keep them around because they are good! I think it's time to spread the wealth. You want to?"

"They all hung, right? No tiny white dicks?"

"You know you almost sound racist. I don't care about color as long as they have the size. And the smallest is eight inches but thick as a beer can. I expect they all be on Viagra and last a long time – 8 of them might wear me out even if I can take in three at a time now."

"I bet. You got my pussy juicing just thinking about it. What time you starting?"

"I told them eight. If you come by at nine all of them will have had a shot at their brand-new target by then. And if they haven't they will eventually. Can I trust you to share?"

"Of course, you can. Let me ask you something – are you into more feminine partners?"

"If you take charge, then I suspect I will submit. Not promising, but I'm certainly not opposed to the idea."

"Then you will see me tomorrow night for sure. Now order the jambalaya, have a beer on me and go get rested. Eight dudes and I will be sure to take you places you have never been!" She leaned over to kiss Marie, and what had once been a friendly peck on the cheek suddenly became a deep, passionate kiss with dueling tongues. Marie heard herself whimper as Grace broke the kiss. 

She ate, paid her bill and made it to her country house in a bit of a daze. Not only was she going to give up ass, she was going to give in to Grace. And hell, it was going to happen in front of the guys. She opened her laptop and pulled her mail. There was a long pause as one email seemed to take forever to download. Jane – the girl who had yet to get gangbanged had sent her a video. She let it download and got herself ready to watch it. For her that mean comfortably in bed, a pipeful of good Indica and her toys at hand. 

Once it downloaded, Marie now saw what Jane and Connie put together. It was amazing, and the girl-on-girl action had Marie's pussy dripping and a vibrating egg pressed up against her clit. She came at least twice before the men came on screen and began to drive into Jane's orifices. When a cock went into Jane's ass Marie now understood. She lubed a dildo and began to fuck her own rear while continuing to play with her clit, and came again. Eventually she just lay there and watched until the end of the video. She sent a brief email back to Jane, Connie and everyone else, appreciating the camera work, acknowledging that she had come repeatedly while watching it, and promised to record the session tomorrow night where she gave up her ass and went swinging with her friend Grace. Not like it was a competition – but they all seemed to share a love of sex of all sorts and she knew they'd want to see. She signed off with 'so long my dirty girls!"

Saturday was a cool, crisp day. One of the advantages of elevation. The house was small, so it didn't take much to walk through and clean or straighten things. The key area was the downstairs playroom. One of the few homes in the area with a basement, Marie's love of sex and gang banging had led her to turn a common basement into a sensual playground. The floors were covered in deep pile carpeting. There were three extra large couches spread around the room, video screens on all walls and a killer sound system in place. What she added for this event was a series of video cameras spread around the room. All focused-on areas where people generally let loose sexually. All would record independently to a set of computer drives in the closet behind the wet bar. The room was miked for sound as well. 
