 It had been three weeks since Nancy encounter her like-minded sisters online. On one of the chat boards she frequented, she'd responded to a woman (Jane) who asked if anyone had experience with gang bangs. Why not? She'd been getting fucked by multiple men at least every other week and she loved it. What she discovered was that she wasn't the only one who loved gang bangs. It was both a revelation and a relief – she had begun to think of herself as depraved, dirty and alone. Now she knew she was depraved and dirty – just not alone!

Of the women that night, Connie lived close enough to Jane that they had met and sent out a huge recording of their girl-girl passions as well as the ensuing gang bang. It was followed about a week later by Tasha's recording, and once again there was some girl-girl goings on, interspersed with a whole lot of big black cock. Then Marie, one of the other women that night, wrote out her adventures as a short story and it was hot! 

At that point Nancy had replied to them all. She'd always considered herself a Dirty Girl, and asked if they wanted to be part of the Dirty Girls club? They loved the name. They all felt they fit. Tasha put it best.

"Girls aren't supposed to like sex. And they really aren't supposed to like the kind we all like. Only dirty girls like sex. Only dirty girls like sucking cock, eating cum, ass fucking, DP's and especially girl-on-girl. Well, girls, that makes me a Dirty Girl and I love it!" 

Now they had a club of sorts. A name for themselves. Nancy was the only one who hadn't shared any details, and she promised to fix that by the end of the upcoming weekend. As the one who had suggested it, she knew she had to really do something special - she just wasn't sure what that would be. That was when she decided to ask a few folks. First, she called up her BFF. She and Melanie had known each other since grade school. They lost their virginity within days of one another. They kept egging each other on to more perverted things over time. And yes, they were occasional lovers as well. 

"Mel, I need to talk to you." Said Nancy as she reached her friend on the phone. 

" Well, here I am. Talk!"

"First I gotta make sure that this stays between us. Private. Okay?"

"When have I ever shared anything, we talk about?"

"Well, how about the time you let Damon know I wanted his big dick? Or Sam? Or the 

time you told the basketball team I wanted to fuck them all."

"Hell, you did, didn't you? I was just fulfilling on your wishes!"

"Yeah, but this is different. This is between us, okay?"

"Okay. I may regret this, but it's between us."

"Good. So here it is. You remember I told you about finding some other women who like gang bangs?"

"How could I forget?"

"Well all four of them have either recorded themselves or written about themselves in the past three weeks. I suggested we call ourselves The Dirty Girls – they love the idea, but now I have to do something spectacular to live up to the name. And I'm stumped."

"They recorded themselves? They wrote about it? Well I have got to see those things. First so I can see them in action, and second so I can help you come up with something really outrageous. I'll be there in 30 minutes." And she hung up the phone.

Nancy was initially stunned – but then realized it made perfect sense. With that, she connected her laptop to the 40-inch tv in her bedroom, lit some incense and opened some wine. The videos had gotten her hot every time she watched them, and she knew Melanie would respond the same way. So, she planned for it. 

30 minutes went by quickly, and when Melanie knocked on her apartment door she met her wearing just her robe, tied loosely and revealing a good deal of flesh. Melanie, for her part, had clearly left her bra home and with her short shorts on couldn't be wearing much more than a thong. 

The two women were a stunning contrast. Nancy, at five ten, was blond, blue eyed and had a pair of 40D boobs that caught everyone's eyes. She figured she might be ten pounds over her ideal weight but nothing out of proportion. Her long legs were a major factor in her height. She was completely tan, a result of both the tanning booths, sunbathing on the roof of the apartment building and a biweekly weekend at the clothing optional resort outside of town. 

Melanie, on the other hand, was a tiny thing. If she was five feet then she might have been on her tiptoes. Red hair flowed down her back over pearly white skin. Her lack of a bra was because – in her mind – her 34A boobs didn't need to be supported. Her waist was very tiny, and her hips were broad. The other thing about her was that she seemed to ooze sensuality. The air around her seemed charged with sexual energy. There weren't any tan lines on her either, but it was because there was no tan. She burned way too easily and so never sunbathed. A hothouse flower, so to speak. 

They embraced in the door way. Both because of the height differential and because she was playful, Melanie buried her face between Nancy's large breasts as a greeting.

"Hello girls! Good to see you!"

"Slut!"

"Takes one to know one!"

"Well then we're two sluts. Or would you prefer Dirty Girls?"

"How about Dirty Sluts?" 

"I like it! It fits, too! So, show me what your new friends have been up to. Let me get some inspiration!"

"C'mon in the bedroom. There's wine waiting."

"Then let me fire up a doobie and we'll be ready."

They sat next to one another, propped up by pillows on Nancy's bed. They passed the joint back and forth, and when it was finished Nancy set the stage for Melanie.

"The first one I got was from Jane – the girl who got us together - and Connie. They're down in Texas, on either side of Houston, so they met at hotel there and filmed this with the two of them and then with Connie's stable of stud bulls. There were no holes barred. You ready?"

"I've been ready since you told me about it. Turn it on. I'm already turned on!"

Nancy clicked on the icon for the movie, and what they were immediately treated to was Jane – as Nancy pointed out – a rather busty woman with a shaved pussy approaching Connie – again, named by Nancy – on her knees and then proceeding to devote herself to some heavy pussy licking. 

Both Nancy and Melanie felt themselves responding. Nancy merely parted her robe and began to run her hands over her body. Melanie, for her part, took the opportunity to throw off her t-shirt, then strip out of her shorts and thong before she too was paying attention to her body's response to the scene on the screen. 

"Oh, she's good. Look at how Connie's eyes are having a hard time staying open!"

"Yeah, and amazingly enough, it was Jane's first time!"

"Damn. We may have to fly to Texas!"

Melanie kept one hand on her boobs but took the one from her pussy and placed it on Nancy's. Nancy returned the favor, and soon they were finger-fucking one another as the display of lesbian love continued on screen. 

"I think you might want to pause that. Because I'm loving it but if I'm going to eat you, I won't be able to watch." Said Melanie.

"Wow, I was thinking the exact same thing!" With that Nancy clicked on pause, and the two women turned to one another and began to kiss as their hands roamed freely over each other's bodies. Melanie's hands were glued to the big tits of her friend, stroking and caressing them, squeezing and twisting the nipples. Nancy, for her part, 

immediately zeroed in on her friend's nipples, knowing her particular form of pleasure was closer to pinching and twisting. The room was filled with their moans and groans. 

Nancy slid down onto her back, her feet now hanging off the end of the bed. She started to guide Melanie to a new position, but soon gave up. 

"Girl, get on top of me and let me at your pussy. If you want mine, then you know which direction to face!"

They giggled as they adjusted their positions. Then Nancy was facing the lips of her friend's cunt, marveling at the red hair covered her crotch. Melanie had no such issue since Nancy shaved hers regularly in order to get it as tan as the rest of her body. But the visual inspections quickly gave way to both fingers and tongues. 

Nancy loved teasing her friend. She kissed around her lips and clit, never touching them but coming closer and closer. She could hear Melanie moan – and then could feel it as Melanie dispensed with subtlety and was driving her tongue as deeply into her slit as possible. Nancy brought her fingers into play, stroking the outer lips and the inner thighs and then opening up her friend, inserting a finger from each hand deep up inside her. Separating Melanie's nether lips, she then used her tongue to penetrate deeply. 

Melanie, for her part, had worked her hands under the cheeks of Nancy's ass and was kneading them and stretching them. Her head went lower and she began to tongue the rosebud of Nancy's asshole, fingering her cunt all the while. The sounds of sucking and licking combined with the mutual moans. 

For her part Nancy had moved to Melanie's asshole as well and was now tongue fucking it as she filled her friend's cunt with three fingers pistoning in and out. She was getting ready to add a fourth finger when her orgasm rolled over her and she came with a shriek, her pussy and her ass clenching and unclenching, sensation rolling through her body. 

As Melanie felt Nancy begin to cum, she increased the intensity of her tonguing and fingering, attempting to make the orgasm even more intense. She was surprised as her friend began to squirt; it had never happened before during their times together and she reveled in having produced such a rare event!

Melanie rolled off her friend, and both of them fell into a light doze. They slowly came awake, readjusted their positions, sitting nestled up against one another, and resumed watching the video. Now the action had resolved into the women taking on the men. 

"Holy crap! Look at the size of that dick!" Said Melanie. 

"Almost as big as my dildo" Replied Nancy.

"Really? You've got a bigger one? How do you get it to fit?"

"Why don't you see for yourself?" With that she reached into the drawer of her night stand and pulled out a twelve-inch-long black invader. "It will fit."

"Shit! That's like a baseball bat! Do you enjoy it?"

"Like I said, go ahead and try it." 

"Help me out, okay?"

"I was hoping you would ask! Spread 'em wide, girl!"

Nancy moved between the legs of her friend and put her hand on the engorged lips of 

the cunt in front of her. 

"You're already good and wet. Now, you just want to relax, okay."

"Okay." Said Melanie, a little nervously.

Nancy took the head of the dildo and began to use it to slowly part Melanie's outer lips, running it up and down, covering it with her juices. Then she brought it down to where the cunt hole was and slowly began to press in. Bit by bit the enormous toy entered her friend's pussy. She kept a steady pressure on the toy, and just concentrated on watching Melanie's face. 

It was a study in emotions. They seemed to run across her face, changing from pleasure to discomfort to something undefined, then back to pleasure.

"Hold up. Let me get used to it. It's enormous. It feels it's stretching me apart and filling me up and like I'm being invaded by something. How far is it in?"

"You won't believe this, but only two inches!"

"And how far have you gotten it in?"

"All the way. It feels like it's going to come out of your throat!"

"Then push, girl. If you can take it, I can take it!"

Nancy resumed her work. Slowly, minutely let, she recalled how it felt inside her that first time, so she withdrew a little, then pressed it deeper. Little by little Melanie was being impaled on the huge artificial cock and loving it. 

"You've got half of it. Still keep going?"

"YES! I can't barely talk! It is finding places I didn't know existed! Keep working it into me!"

Nancy decided to assist the process by distracting her friend so she leaned forward and took her now prominent clit into her mouth, caressing it with her tongue. As she did so she felt Melanie's cunt spasm and took advantage of it – four more inches were suddenly deep inside her friend. 

"Oh. My. Fucking. God!!"

"Yeah. Keep opening up, girl. You're almost there!"

"Then keep sucking my clitty!"

Nancy obliged, once again fastening her mouth to it. As she stroked it with her tongue and thrilled to feel Melanie respond, she kept the pressure on the dildo and it moved a full inch further into her. She was moaning and thrashing, babbling and crying and her hips were pumping as she attempted to force it all the way in. 

And then it happened. The end of it, with the lifelike balls, was slammed up against Melanie's ass. 

"It's in all the way! Now get ready for the real treat, girl"

With that Nancy flipped the switch and the twelve inches insider her friend and lover began to vibrate. As Melanie began to cum, it was all Nancy could do to hold the invader deep within her. Minutes went by as Melanie went through orgasm after orgasm, her cunt clenching and unclenching, her hips jerking and pumping. 

Finally, Melanie gasped a few words.

"Turn. It. Off."

Nancy complied and stopped the vibrations, leaving the toy inside her friend. She held it there and looked down on Melanie as she began to rouse from where ever that orgasm had taken her. A weak smile appeared. 

"I bet you don't do that every day." 

"Uh, no. I save this one for special occasions, actually. You may have some trouble walking later..."

"I think you may be right, but it was worth it! Now tell me why we're here again? Not that I'm complaining, but if you want to keep fucking me with that monster, I'm sure I'll be happy to lie back and take it!"

They laughed. 

"Remember this started out with figuring out how I was going to be the ultimate Dirty Girl? That's what started this. I mean, I can take big cocks. I think I do a pretty good job of eating pussy, right? All that's common stuff. I want your help thinking up something that will make all the other girls sit up and take notice."

"Right. Except now I need to recover a bit. Something will come to me though, I promise."

"I'm counting on it, girl!"

With that, they finished the first video, managing to keep hands off each other. By the time it was through Melanie had managed to withdraw Nancy's toy cock from her hole. 

"If you ever get married, I want this as your wedding present."

"But what if I..."

"Honey, I fully expect you'll find a dude that's bigger and you won't need it."

The second video was full of action and while both women found themselves aroused, they managed to restrain themselves and just watched. 

"Okay, Nancy, here's some things. First off, there wasn't any titty fucking in those videos. None of them had boobs like yours – you need to feature them and let them get fucked. Second, did you ever think about fisting? I mean, you can take this big motherfucker inside you – my hand is smaller than that! Those are the two things I can think of. For now."

Nancy sat there, thinking. 

"I knew you would think of something! You know this means that you are going to have be part of it – none of my men have small enough hands. They try it and they'll rip me open. Not that I wouldn't like it, but still."

"Okay. As long as I get my share of meat after."

"Honey, after you get done fisting me they are gonna be so fucking horny they'd fuck a Barbie doll. And you are much bigger and juicier than she is! So yeah, you will get plenty!"

They spent the rest of the evening online, looking up stories about fisting on Literotica. Articles about it from Google and other sources. They even ventured onto the same online service where Nancy had met the other Dirty Girls, but there were no chatrooms that even vaguely sounded relevant, and not enough folk in general to form one. But all in all, they felt it was a success since they had enough material to study. Melanie took her share and left while Nancy read for an hour before sleep overcame her,  

The rest of the week went by quickly. Nancy sent out invites to all her men, and she let them expand the group if they wished. Her rules were simple – only bring someone you know personally, someone you can vouch for, and that person MUST have a current exam record. 

She and Melanie spent all day Saturday getting her apartment set up the way she wanted it. From candles to candy, furniture moving and more, she was determined that what got recorded would be worth seeing. In addition, she made sure that her bar was well stocked, and Melanie contributed a full ounce of quality bud. 

Finally, an hour before "show time" her camera crew showed up. Sinead and Thomas were a swinging couple she'd met after reading their ad online for "quality photos and films of your intimate moments" and they brought their camera setups and an assistant, so she now had three people on different cameras to capture the night. 

She and Melanie left them to finish their setups in the master bedroom, and adjourned to the bathroom for their final preparations. While Nancy stripped, Melanie filled an enema bag with warm soapy water and directed her friend into the tub and onto her hands and knees. She lubricated the tip of the enema and slowly inserted it into Nancy's tiny rosebud and then let the liquid fill her. 

"Wait five minutes and then let it out." Said Melanie. "I'm going to get it ready to go again while you do."

Nancy marveled at the feelings in her gut as the liquid did its work; then she got out of the tub and sat on the toilet to expel it all. 

"Good. Now get back in the tub. Let's do it all again."

And the process was repeated. This time what was expelled came out clear, 

"Your turn." Said Nancy to her friend.

"Me?"

"You said you wanted in on the action – well, with a dozen guys coming they will want to use everything they can. You don't want to be sucking on something with shit on it, do you?"

"I hadn't thought of that. You right."

The process was reversed and the both emerged from the bathroom with ten minutes to go before the scheduled time. 

"What you wearing?" Asked Melanie.

"You seeing it. I mean, why put anything on that I'm only going to take off. The men who are coming aren't here to check out my latest high-fashion acquisition – they coming for sex. So, no beating around the bush is needed. You can get dressed if you want, but I just don't see the need."

"No, I like the way you think."

"Now I have to tell you, if you aren't okay with becoming a piece of meat they think they own, this is your last chance to bail."

"Bail? Honey, my pussy has been so wet and sloppy this week thinking about this that I would have to be dead to miss this."

At that point Sinead, Thomas and Aaron (their helper) wanted a few minutes with them. They were all barefoot, in gym shorts and t-shirts with their logo ("Intimate Appearances") on them. They looked at the two naked women and conferred, then sent Aaron off to adjust the filters on the lights they had set up. 

"Shit, Mel, I'm fucking nervous! I can't believe it! Nothing ever throws me and I've got cold feet. Like I want to run away and forget this whole thing!"

"Nancy! Take a deep breath! Look at me. Good. Now, are you a slut?"

"Yes."

"Are you a dirty, depraved, cocksucking, cum loving, slut? Have you ever met a cock you didn't like?"

"Only the tiny ones!"

"That's my girl. Now tell me, is your pussy wet? Cuz your nipples are hard as rocks and look like erasers on those big tits."

"Hell, yes. Thanks, honey. I needed that."

"Good, go get em!"

By that time, the lights were set, the camera crew was positioned where they needed to be, so Mel opened the door and greeted all the men as they came in. It was a predominantly black crew, with at least three big white men in the mix. All of them looked like they were pro athletes at some point. Mel greeted each one with a full-on kiss and a two-handed grip on their junk, before telling them to hang up their clothes and get ready for the show.
