 CAST:

Ted Burgan -- homeowner

Chelsea Martin -- landscaping student/team leader

Martha (Marty) Dawson -- landscaping student

Melinda Wilson -- landscaping student

Darlene Mendez -- landscaping student

Lucinda Burgan -- ex-wife/confused/alcoholic 

CHAPTER I

His wife's addiction to alcohol and her demands to be included in his business dealings when she was drunk finally drove them apart. When Ted finalized his divorce from Lucinda and got over the heartache he decided to change his location and begin a new chapter in his life. Calling a realtor he looked at several properties finally settling on a small farm out in the country with enough acreage he could run around the yard naked if he wanted to.

The house was recently renovated with all the modern conveniences, hot tub, sauna, gourmet kitchen, all new appliances, large sunroom and a screened in porch off the second floor master bedroom looking over the pond and fields. 

Ted had a business he worked from home so he wanted to enjoy the scenery around his house and yard. With the addition of a pool to the landscape plan he was on the way to having his dream home but needed to hire a full time landscaper to maintain all the plants and yard.

Grabbing his laptop and cell phone he went out to the pool to search for someone in the area. After calling several he found out they weren't taking any new clients. The last one told him to check with the local community college for students needing extra credit for their courses and would work for reduced wages. Not knowing what to expect he thought, 'What the hell,' and called.

Channeled from department to department he finally got the director of the horticulture department. After explaining his predicament the gentleman said he would post his number and it was up to the students to follow through. Thanking him they hung up.

Two weeks went by with no response, thinking he was sunk the phone rang. "Hello?"

"Hi, my name is Chelsea Martin. My professor gave me your number and I understand you need someone to look after your landscaping?" she said.

Her voice was very positive and pleasant to the ear, "Hi Chelsea. My name is Ted Burgan and yes I am looking for someone to not only oversee the landscaping but actually implement a design around the house and grounds. If you would like to come out and take a look I can e-mail you directions."

"Wow, it sounds like a lot more than the professors' note said," she paused. "Well it can't hurt to just look," giving him her e-mail address and they set up a time to meet on Saturday.

The week flew by for Ted, he felt like a kid getting a new toy. Looking forward to having a person well versed in what plants go where and not having to do it himself was exciting. His business was booming and it took an awful lot of his time. You see Ted set up and maintained a lot of web sites from business sites to porn sites. He didn't even think about who his clients were as long as the check cleared. Oh, he had some moral values: no child porn, no deviant stuff like whips and leather, no bestiality sites, nothing but main stream. Blow jobs, cum shots, straight sex, swingers, bi-sexual, trannys, anal, amateurs, teens and the 'gone wild' stuff. Low as his morals were it made him a lot of money and he enjoyed setting the sites up because trips to the photo shoots were a must, in the interest of research. In fact research was so much fun he had been in several of the films featuring teens and amateurs. Even with his computer expertise they wanted him to come back to the sets because; one, he could stay hard for over an hour and two, he had an above average cock. Not huge but at ten inches long and pretty thick he became very popular.

Saturday morning right on time Chelsea rang the doorbell. Pulling open the door he said, "Welcome to my home, you must be Chelsea." Shaking her hand he motioned for her to come in.

She smiled, "Hey Ted it's so nice to meet you. I feel like I've met you before." She kept glancing at him, "I never forget a face. Oh well, it will come to me."

He followed her in the sunroom and was very pleased with her personality, not to mention her ass as she walked ahead of him, "I don't think we've met. I'm pretty sure I would remember meeting someone as charming as you."

Getting down to business he slid a basic plan of the grounds to her across the table, "Here is what I have, and trust me my expertise stops here. Greenery and plant types are not my thing. Take a look and just brainstorm a little; I'm open to all suggestions. Just one thing, I don't want any statues of little boys pissing in a fountain or fish pond. After all I have my standards."

She laughed, "Oh darn there went my first suggestion, but I was going to make it a large well endowed man instead. Does that make a difference?" she said with a mischievous grin.

It was his turn to laugh out loud, "No thanks I like girls better." He enjoyed her sense of humor it seemed at first blush to match his own. As she took out a pencil and started to draw on the plan he had a better chance to really look at her. She had healthy tan skin with just a smattering of freckles across her nose. Her shirt was open just enough to expose the swell of her medium sized breasts and both bra straps. She had her full black hair pulled back off her neck and he could see her small diamond earrings and delicate gold chain necklace.

Picking up the plan she went to the window overlooking the back yard, 'This is a big project,' she thought, 'I still feel I've seen him somewhere.' Glancing back at him she noticed he was watching her, "I was just thinking how big a project this is. Would you mind if I had some of my classmates help me? The best part is it will be free help because the professor said they could get extra credit if you would just keep track of their time spent, you know, like a time sheet. What do you think?"

Resting his chin in his hand he gazed out the window and thought for a minute, "Ok, but you and I will have to trust one another because I won't be able to watch them every minute. I don't want anyone looking for a free meal ticket. If they want the credits they have to work for them, deal?" he stood up and came over to her.

She paused smiled and said, "Deal! Did you know most of the people that get into horticulture are women? There is only one guy in our class and he's married, so if you don't mind having a lot of single college girls running around digging holes in your yard I can get as much help as we may need." Giggling she said, "I think by the look on your face it will be ok."

Keeping his smile a little neutral he shrugged and said, "Oh I guess that will be alright. But seriously, the job comes first and if I start to ogle any of you ladies chase me in the house." They continued to discuss the things she had in mind for the area around the pool, hot tub and garden and some house plants; keeping their conversations to the subject. After several hours he noticed they had gabbed through lunch and he was hungry.

Holding up his hands in surrender, "Enough already my brain is used to computers not living things like plants and coy fish. If you don't have to be anywhere please join me for lunch?"

She was really enjoying his company and hoped it may blossom into something more, "Sure that sounds great! Wait you're single and I don't really like frozen pizza."

Putting his hands on his hips he tried to look indignant, "I'll have you know I make a fine grilled cheese sandwich and I can open a can with the best of them. Just kidding, I think I can come up with something better than a frozen pizza. Come in the kitchen and you'll see." Holding out his hand she took it and let him pull her in the kitchen.

As she went through the door she gasped, "Oh my God! Do you know how to use all this stuff Mr. Burgan? Are you a chef?" looking around, the kitchen was set up for a professional chef with stainless steel and butcher block, hanging pots and pans, both copper and stainless, knives on magnet strips, the list was endless.

He laughed and motioned her to sit on a stool across from where he was going to cook, "Call me Ted please. Sit and talk to me while I make us something to eat. Is a chef's salad ok?" pulling bowls and plates from the cupboard he made them a simple meal with fresh ingredients and as she helped set the table he got to know her better. Asking about her school and where she grew up, her likes and dislikes, if she was seeing anyone, what she liked to eat etc.

She didn't even notice that he hadn't shared his life with her but had prattled on and on about herself.

Moving to the large fridge he pulled out some fresh fish, "Do you eat fish? I could do it on the grill here or we could just have the salad, your choice because you are my guest."

Thinking she had met the perfect man she shook her head, "No thanks. I usually don't eat a very big lunch and this salad is delicious. I do eat fish but maybe some other time?"

Smiling he said, "No thanks are necessary. If you hadn't joined me my day would have been very boring. I enjoy talking to you."

The conversation slowed while they ate, "Wait a minute you haven't told me anything about your life and stuff?" she proceeded to ask him and he reluctantly shared his divorce and the long climb back. How he learned to cook and finally what he did for a living.

Clearing his throat he said, "Well I set up web pages for corporations and groups. Gather the information they want on it and map the whole thing out for the clients to use. That's about all really."

"About all! What types of clients do you have, or can you tell me?" she forked some more of the delicious salad in her mouth, "This is so good by the way."

"Thank you. My clients range from big to not so big. I help businesses that sell things or services to a range of different folks," he didn't want to tell her his biggest money maker was the porn industry she might not take the job and he really enjoyed her company.

She could tell he was nervous, "Oh cool, sorry I asked too many questions didn't I? I could tell it made you uneasy. Don't worry I'll drop the subject." Smiling at him they talked about the yard outside the plan boundaries.

Glad she changed the subject he let her help him clean up and they walked out to her truck, "Chelsea I'm really pleased to be working with you. And look forward to seeing what you come up with. Remember I'm up early so call me anytime you need to. In fact I go to bed late so call me anytime period." He loved the way her dimples framed her mouth when she smiled.

With a grin she shook his hand, "I'll probably have to call, and there are a million details. Thanks for lunch and I look forward to working on your yard. Once I tell the other girls about you I promise not to give them your number, remember they're all single college girls Ted and they would love to get their hands on a single guy who knows how to cook and has a steady job from home." Giggling she hopped in her truck gave him a wave and drove down the driveway.

Watching as she drove away he sighed, "If the other girls look anything like her I'm going to have a perpetual hard on and blue balls. Chelsea, you are a beautiful woman. Oh well, I guess it ought to be interesting if nothing else." Going in the house he heard his cell ringing. Running into his office he picked it up, "Hello?"

"Ted, buddy how ya doin? Long time no see! This is Gabe, are you done with the site for the 'Annual College Girls Love Fest' yet we wanna see it as soon as possible. The guys and I are working on another idea too and you are gonna love it!" he said without missing a puff on his cigarette.

Great, just who I want to talk to the most obnoxious customer I have, "Gabe, how are you? Yes I'm almost done; it will be in your e-mail by Thursday at the latest." He would have to work a few all-nighters but it won't be too bad.

"Great! Ok buddy boy look forward to seein it. Check out your e-mail we sent a rough draft of the new idea, with video and everything, baby!"

Ted was about to say something but Gabe had hung-up already, "That man has no manners at all, but his checks never bounce and the films are extraordinary." Starting his computer he started to put everything together working on the bugs as he went.

Chelsea had just turned on the main road heading back to town. Humming along with the radio she just let her mind wander to Ted and his easy going manner and how polite he was when it hit her, "Shit, no it can't be him! No way he's the guy on that video!" speeding up she made it back to her shared apartment. The other girls were out so she set up her laptop and sat at the kitchen table.

Finding the web site she and the others were looking at last night she scrolled through the free films. At the last page she found it, opening it up she turned the sound up and pressed play. Nothing happened for a few minutes just a couple making out on the couch, the woman was rubbing the guy's crotch and he had her tits out of her bra squeezing them. She couldn't see his face so she fast forwarded until it showed her sucking his cock gazing at his face. As the camera panned up she paused it and couldn't catch her breath, there was Ted!

"Oh my God! It is him, Oh no; I can't tell the girls or his life would be hell!" hearing the others coming she closed the screen and promised herself to watch it alone later with her headphones in bed. She wanted to see that big dick of his again in action.

All the other girls came in giggling and laughing, Marty was the loudest of the four and the only lesbian in the group, when she talked it was to be the center of attention. Melinda was next she was the shy one but when she had a few drinks her inhibitions flew out the window. Darlene came next she was the voluptuous one with few fears regarding sex, with her body and easy manner she spent more time getting laid then all of them put together.

Chelsea considered herself the anchor of the group, always looking for mister right and being crushed when it didn't work out, but she never stopped trying. Hopefully Ted would fill the bill or at the very least she would make a paycheck while fantasizing about him. 

"Hey guys, what have you been doing?" she asked Marty who kissed her on the cheek.

Marty was thinking how much she wanted to get Chelsea in her bed, "Oh just shopping you know the usual, spending money we don't have and keeping Darlene from giving some guy a blow job in the restaurant bathroom."

Darlene laughed, "Well I don't think he would have taken long. Besides he really wanted you anyway."

"It would take a different kind of guy than him to get me to suck him off sweetie. But if you wanted me to go in the bathroom instead of him I'll go for that."

Coming over Darlene kissed her on the lips, "Oh honey I've already had you, and besides there is nothing like a throbbing cock filling me up, even your little toys."

Chelsea was giggling at the exchange, "Melinda why do you hang out with these two perverts anyway?"

Smiling she said, "Oh there not so bad, you know me after a few drinks I'd take them both on. Then look for that hard cock to finish out the night."

"Hey Chelsea, why don't we get drunk and take turns with each other or even better all of us at once," Darlene had come up behind her and grabbed both her tits squeezing them.

Giggling she pulled her hands off, "Hey quit! You know I like guys better."

Darlene kissed the top of her head, "Oh well, hope springs eternal."

"Besides while you three perverts were out having fun I got us a job for the spring and summer, maybe into the fall. This rich guy wants us to design and install all his landscaping around his house, pool and huge yard." She said with a huge grin.

They all gathered around and hugged her. Pulling out the basic plan she got them to work designing what she had a vision about. Living with them she knew what they each were strong in and how they worked together.

While they were each working on the plan she clapped her hands to get their attention, "Ok listen up please. Here is how I set it up with the owner Ted Burgan. He wants me to look after the job and answer only to him, so if anything comes up get with me or if every body needs to be involved we'll have a meeting and I'll bring our suggestions to him. He just wanted to have one contact person to keep confusion to a minimum. We'll have to keep track of our time so I've got a record for our pay to give him. Do we want a check each week, bi-weekly or once a month?"

They all looked at one another and shrugged, Melinda said, "What do you think Chelsea? Will it be a problem getting one every week?" the others nodded.

Looking at each of them she said, "Great, that's what I was hoping you would say. I can't go two weeks without any money. I'll tell him every week. Anything else?"

Darlene asked with a grin, "What does this guy look like? Is there any chance for extra curricular activity with him? Or is his wife going to be there?" 

The other girls moaned or laughed, Chelsea said, "Absolutely no fucking the owner! Plus I met him first and I want first crack at him!"

Darlene giggled, "We could tag team him if he's not too wore out from you."

Chelsea held up her hand, "Ok all kidding aside guys, this guy is real nice and if any of us screw it up we may not have any income this summer, ok?"

The others agreed not to rape him or work naked while he was there, "Very funny."

Getting the assignments done she set up accounts at the local greenhouse and went in her room to call him. Ted picked up on the first ring.

"Hello?" he said.

"Hi Ted its Chelsea. Just a few things we need to get done. First you'll need to have the accounts for the suppliers signed and set up. Do you want to come here and get them or should I bring them to you?" she hoped he wanted her there.

"Oh Chelsea hello, much as I want to have you back I can't right now. Could you fax them to me?" he was disappointed but work came first.

Sounding a little disappointed she said, "Oh, sure, sure no problem. I've got your numbers from school. Ok well I'll call you later, have a good evening, bye."

"Thanks, bye," but she had already hung up before he said bye. 'Wow guess I made an impression. She sounded sad that I didn't invite her out here.' Picking up his cell he walked in his office and called her back.

Hanging up she mentally kicked herself, "Shit I sounded like a school girl getting dumped from the dance. He probably thinks I'm weird." Just then her phone rang, "Hello?"

"Hey it's me again, sorry if I disappointed you but I really have to get some work out I'm late on. Hope you understand, I didn't blow you off I'm just under the gun, ok/" she may think I'm stalking her smiling to himself.

Impressed again by his thoughtfulness she said, "Well, maybe a little disappointed, but I understand."

Ted pictured her winding her hair around her finger while she talked, then he pictured her naked doing it, clearing his throat he said, "Uh great, you said there was a few things to discuss?

"Oh yes thanks, we wanted to start on Friday morning early laying out the planting beds and measuring what we need to start, maybe around seven?" she was in fact twirling her hair, but not naked.

"Sure no problem, if I'm not up the door will be open and help yourselves to coffee, the bathroom or whatever, ok?" his mind strayed to the amount of work he had to do.

"Great, the other thing is my room mates are the people I've gotten to help me. We all go to the school together and have this apartment so we can carpool. I didn't think it would be a problem for you if they were all young women," she giggled a little.

Smiling he said, "You have got to be kidding right? Really your whole crew is women? Well I guess it will be alright," he laughed.
