 Chelsea left the others and took her shower so someone else could use it. Closing her bedroom door she opened her laptop while lying on the bed. The first place she went was the movie of Ted so she could see it from start to finish. 

The movie started with him and the woman making out on the couch, grouping each other and taking each others clothes off. The camera was positioned in such a way to cover his face for most of the time. The girl was sucking him off, licking his balls and stroking the shaft, 'Maybe I should take notes, he is really getting into it,' she thought to her self. When she squatted down on his cock Chelsea immediately pushed her hand between her legs while watching him fuck her. The longer the girl bounced on his member the more Chelsea rubbed her clit and fingered her pussy.

Ted moved the girl on her knees to take her from behind; the camera must have been on the mattress between their legs. She could see his full length as it slid in her, 'My God! I want to be the one he does it to, shit!' her hand was a blur while she masturbated.

Chelsea didn't make it to the end of the film before she had her orgasm. Writhing on the bed she had three fingers pushed inside her cunt while it quivered around them. She had to push her face into the pillow to quiet her moans. 

After taking a shower Marty started towards the kitchen. As she passed Chelsea's door she heard the unmistakable sound of muffled moans. Thinking something may be wrong she knocked once then opened the door, "Chelsea are you ok honey? I heard something...... oh, oops, sorry baby didn't know you were playing my tune!" she giggled closed the door and sat on the bed, "Want any help with that? I've had a lot of practice you know." She started to rub her back.

Chelsea was barely coming down from her orgasm and it didn't immediately register what Marty said. Peeking from under her hair she said, "What, help with what?" she still had her fingers in her slit gently rubbing herself, "Hi, what kind of help could you give me? I need to get laid, not licked. Even though it sounds good sweetie I've never been with another woman and I'm not sure, shit, you know what I mean." 

Marty was grinning, "You mean little miss, "I only want a cock', may be open to experiment just a little?" Reaching over she moved Chelsea's hair from her face, "I won't force anything on you baby, you know that. If you want, let me do everything and see how you like it, ok?"

Chelsea pulled her fingers out of her cunt and sucked her juices from them. Grinning she nodded rolled up on her side and stroked Marty's arm, "Ok, I've been wanting to try it but, oh I don't know."

Marty leaned down and kissed her mouth gently pushing her tongue in past the lips. She moved it around over Chelsea's tongue sucking the tip. Pulling back she said, "Don't go away, I'll be right back." She ran out to her room and grabbed some of her things then ran back locking the door. Laying the stuff down on the bed she stripped her shirt and shorts off and kneeled next to Chelsea.

Watching Marty remove her clothes reminded her how much she enjoyed looking at women's bodies especially hers, Marty had the kind of figure many women envied. She was average height but her legs made her look taller, they were dancers legs long and well defined. Her breasts were firm without any droop to them, but her nipples were their best feature. They were large and puffy with the center pointing up about an inch long. She had removed all the hair from her crotch leaving her smooth and flawless.

"Let's start with a nice gentle massage, ok?" she helped her take the towel off, "God Chelsea I knew you would have a smoking body under your clothes." Pouring some oil in her hands she started to massage it into her shoulders and back getting a soft moan of pleasure, "That's it relax, just go with the flow honey."

Chelsea was nervous at first but as Marty worked the kinks out of her back muscles she relaxed, "Oh Marty that feels wonderful."

"I knew you would like it. A lot of people tell me I give a good massage," working her hands down she started to gently kneed the muscles on her butt, occasionally letting her fingers slide between the cheeks but never past her asshole, just around the opening without penetrating.

Chelsea was really enjoying Marty's fingers as they caressed her ass cheeks. She especially likes to be fucked in the ass also. Getting into it a little more, every time her fingers came close to her anus she would raise up giving Marty better access. "Mmmmmmmm, that feels so good baby."

Smiling Marty got down between her legs spreading them apart. She could see Chelsea was very wet already and her pussy lips were swollen and open, 'doesn't take much to push your buttons sweetie does it?' she thought. Not wanting to end it too soon she massaged each leg starting at her feet and moving up the outside to her hips. Going down to her ankles she worked her way up each inner thigh stopping just short of Chelsea's wet slit. When each leg was complete she told her to turn over, "Let me do the front now baby."

Chelsea was in heaven; her nervousness was gone to be replaced with lust. Her legs were spread out on each side of Marty, looking at her she said, "Marty you are very beautiful."

Blushing she thanked her, "Thanks, I don't hear that very often and coming from you it means a lot. I admire you more than you probably know." Smiling she poured a little more oil on her hands, leaning over she gently rubbed it on Chelsea's shoulders and above her tits working it in her skin. Chelsea was running her fingers up and down Marty's arms making her nipples stand out. Moving her hands down she massaged each side of her breasts but didn't wrap her hands around them yet.

Chelsea could feel her nipples harden as Marty oiled her chest and the sides of her breasts, "Hhhhmmmmmm."

Moving down she massaged her stomach, hips and legs. Moving up she stroked the inside of her thighs letting her fingers slowly enter her vagina then slide up over her swollen clit. Chelsea spread her legs as Marty played with her cunt, "Do you like it Chelsea? Does it feel good baby?"

Chelsea moaned when the fingers came in contact with her clit, "Yesssss, there honey, that's the spot." She rolled her hips to get more of her fingers in her pussy but Marty had other ideas.

Using one hand she gently stuffed two fingers in Chelsea's cunt rubbing her clit with her thumb. Her other hand slid up over her belly and onto one of her breasts pinching the nipple and squeezing it. Leaning over she took the other nipple in her mouth and sucked it.

Chelsea had thrown one hand over her head and with the other she fed her tit to Marty, "Oh shit baby, suck my titty. Mmmmmmh." She started to hump the fingers being stuffed in her cunt, "Oh, fuck me Marty, fuck me."

Marty sucked first one nipple then the other moving her lips and tongue down Chelsea's body until she could slide between her legs. Holding her legs open she kissed each thigh then moved in to lick her crotch from her asshole to her open cunt dripping with her juices. Reaching over she grabbed one of the dildos she brought dipped it in her cunt and let Chelsea lick the juice from it. Running it down Chelsea's body she pulled her fingers out and holding her pussy open and pushed it in as far as it would go then turned it on. The effect was immediate; Chelsea opened her mouth taking a deep breath and grabbed each of her breasts squeezing and pinching them. She pushed down trying to get more of the fake cock in her pussy.

Marty started to quickly push the dildo in and out while she licked and sucked on her clit.

Chelsea wasn't making any noise but heavy breathing and grunts as her friend fucked her. Getting close to her orgasm she became more vocal and more active. Pulling her knees back to each side of her chest she moaned, "Yes, yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeeeeeeeee! I'm cummmmmmmmng!" Shaking all over she trembled once more and screamed.

Marty was concentrating on licking her clit and fucking her with the rubber cock, she didn't hear the door open and the other girls come in. Feeling Chelsea's pussy grip the dildo she pulled it out and clamped her mouth on her cunt forcing her tongue in the slit.

Chelsea let loose with another squeal then shot out a huge stream of her juice all over Marty's face. Pulling back in surprise the remaining jet of pussy juice went in her mouth. Trying to swallow it down she looked up and saw Melinda and Darlene naked and with their arms crossed watching the two of them.

Darlene turned to Melinda and said, "See I told you they weren't murdering each other."

Melinda smirked, "Yup you were right, but Marty was definitely fucking her brains out!"

Panting like she had just run a race, "I thought you locked the door Marty?"

Smiling while licking her lips, "I thought I did too."

The other girls sat on each side of the bed. They each caressed one of Chelsea's breasts making the nipple stand out. Melinda bent down and sucked the nipple in her mouth then Darlene followed suit. Chelsea placed her hands on the back of their heads pulling them close.

Sighing Chelsea closed her eyes while her two friends suckled at her breasts, "Hhhhmmmmmm, that's nice." 

Darlene popped off Chelsea's teat and turned to Marty, "Well has she eaten your pussy yet?"

Marty giggled, "Not yet, we were interrupted."

Smiling Darlene slid off the bed, "Mel, get up and let them finish while we watch, ok?"

Pulling her mouth off she grinned, "Oh, I thought we were just getting started, but don't let me get in the way. Chelsea, get up honey and let Marty lay down."

Laughing Chelsea sat up and turned around on her knees, "Good idea Mel. Marty come here and let me do you in return baby."

Marty kneeled in front of her and they kissed passionately feeling each others bodies rub against the others. 

Chelsea was really getting into it now, running her hands all over Marty's body. She caressed her breasts and bottom, passionately kissing her mouth. As things progressed she gently pushed Marty onto her back applying small kisses to her neck and chest. Moving down she sucked on her hard erect nipples making her shudder and wrap her legs around Chelsea's waist. Chelsea was in a passion filled moment as she slid her tongue down her stomach and on Marty's thighs. Holding her legs open Chelsea looked in her face and lowered her mouth onto Marty's pussy, using her lips she sucked her labia in her mouth then forced it in her slit. 

Marty closed her eyes and held her legs open giving Chelsea better access, "Yes baby there, that's good honey, hhhhmmmmmm, oh damn it, and feels so good Chelsea. You're a natural at this, uhmmm." She was humping her crotch into Chelsea's face.

Chelsea had never eaten another girl's pussy, but she enjoyed it so much she wondered why it hadn't started sooner. Knowing where all the special places were to please Marty gave her an advantage from a guy doing it; you didn't have to explain what felt good or where he needed to lick. Marty's vagina was running with her juices and she tried to lap up as much as she could. Every time her tongue stroked Marty's clit she purred like a cat. She felt like it was time to speed things up, letting her tongue lick her clit faster and faster she pushed one, two, three then four fingers in her cunt making sloppy fucking sounds.

Marty couldn't speak; she was in the beginnings of a massive orgasm, one like she had never had before. Placing her knees behind her shoulders she put both hands on Chelsea's head holding her face in her crotch. Finally finding a voice she screeched out, "Oh shit baby! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me! Oh God, oh shit, shit, fuuuuuuuck, I, I'm cmmmmmmnnnnng!" Blowing her breath out she held it, her body started to shake and quiver.

Chelsea pressed her tongue on her clit rubbing it up and down, her hand fucked Marty like a big dick. Feeling her orgasm was amazing, not wanting to stop she kept her ministrations going and going.

Marty had lost sense of where she was only the multiple orgasms she was experiencing had her full attention. After what felt like an hour she passed out. Letting her legs fall forward she trapped Chelsea's face between her legs.

Removing her fingers from Marty's sopping wet cunt she licked them clean and rested her cheek on her thigh. Catching her breath she said, "Well I guess it was worth the wait. Yeah, it was definitely worth the wait." Looking at her friend she started to snicker, "If Marty hadn't passed out I'm pretty sure she would agree, poor baby." She reached up and pinched her nipple, "Wake up you slut! No rest for the wicked!"

Darlene and Melinda had rubbed each other to mutual orgasms while they watched Chelsea eat her first pussy, when they both laughed it startled Chelsea.

"Shit, I forgot you two were even there!" the commotion woke up Marty who stretched out.

Scooting down she kissed Chelsea on the lips, "Sweetie any time you get lonely for company come and get me. That was the first time I have ever had multiple orgasms in my life. If I had known what a natural you are I would have raped you before now. Thank you baby, it was wonderful." Getting up she had a little trouble standing, "Wow amazing, you not only fucked me but fucked me up!" getting her legs under her she staggered out to her room.

Chelsea grinned from the compliment, "That was the coolest thing, but I really want to get Ted to bed me next."

The other girls gave her a kiss and left. Taking another shower Chelsea put on her robe and turned on the stereo, soon she fell asleep dreaming of naked women and men having sex in her room while she filmed it.

Meanwhile; Ted was thinking of Chelsea at the same time when his phone rang. Hoping it was her he picked it up on the first ring; "Hello?" there was dead air on the line, "Hello!" thinking it was a practical joke he decided to just hang on and see just who it was. After several moments he could barely hear someone breathing on the other end, "Look you called me remember? On the count of five I'm going to hang up and use the recall to get your number, ok? One, two, three...."

"No don't hang up! Ted it's me Lucinda," she finally said.

His world came to a halt, Ted hadn't spoken to her since before the divorce, "Hi, what do you want Lucinda I'm busy."

He heard her sigh, "I know you don't want to hear from me but I, uh, well, I want to, uh, shit. I had this speech all planned out but hearing your voice got me flustered."

Feeling his anger rise he said, "Tell you what, why don't you e-mail me or send me a letter, ok?" he started to hang up.

"Ted don't hang up, please? I need to say something to you and it's taken me all this time to get the courage. Please just hear me out, ok?"

Taking a deep breath he said, "Sure sorry, go ahead say what it is."

She sniffled, "Ok thanks. I just wanted to tell you how sorry I was for the way I treated you and our marriage. I know now you didn't deserve to be treated like that and it is definitely, without a doubt, my entire fault. I've been to counseling for the past two years and as part of my counseling I should seek out the ones I've hurt and tell them how sorry I feel. Can you find it in your heart to forgive me? If not I understand."

He didn't know what to say, letting his mind soak it in he said, "What kind of counseling was it?" he said to buy a little time.

Clearing her throat she said, "Well it was a sex counselor and she showed me a lot about myself and how wrong it was to treat people I love, like I treated you."

Sighing he said, "Lucinda I forgive you and hope you can turn your life around, but I hope you weren't thinking maybe we would get back together? I think there is too much baggage there to overlook, you know?"

"As much as I would like to get back together with you, I know how hard it was on you and a relationship for us now just isn't a good idea," she sniffled again then blew her nose, "Ted you don't know how much it means to me to get forgiveness from you. It feels like a huge weight has been lifted from my shoulders, thanks. Maybe we could have lunch some time with no commitment and no pressure, ok?"

Ted smiled then laughed, "That sounds like a good idea. I've got a date tomorrow but how about Monday?" he gave her his cell number and they said goodbye.

His feelings for her had changed ever since he got over his anger, 'Wow that was weird; well I really hope she turns it around.' He put her out of his mind and went to bed.

Saturday morning was a blur, the first thing that happened to Chelsea was the other girls woke her up early to go shopping for her date with Ted, "I don't need anything for a lunch date you guys, but I always need new outfits, so let's go!" They all loaded into the truck and headed to the shops near the restaurant.

Ted woke up with a raging hard on because of the dream about Lucinda and Chelsea in bed with him, "Wow that was different. I haven't dreamt about Lucinda in a sex dream for several years." His erection had subsided to a manageable size allowing him to take a leak. Looking forward to his date he chose his clothing carefully. A business casual outfit seemed like it would work, not too flashy and not too casual.

'Damn, I'm like a teenager getting ready for his first date!' he thought. Setting out his outfit he went downstairs to exercise and take a swim then ate a light breakfast. After reading the paper he checked his e-mails noticing one from Gabe, his oldest client. 'Wonder what he wants?'

Opening it up he started to curse, 'Ted old buddy, how you doin?' it started, 'We love what you did with the software and have decided to go with it for the usual fee I assume?' reading on, 'Oh I forgot to tell you the other day, your ex-wife contacted me trying to get in touch with you so I gave her your new number and address. Hope that's ok?' Ted was trying to figure out where she had gotten his number but didn't know she had his address too. 'Anyway, she was working for us up until last summer doing the interviewing of the new girls in the videos, but I guess you saw her in some of them. That's how she knew you and I had a business relationship.' He was fuming now, "She left us because of her new sex counselor and apparently she thought it was a bad thing to enjoy getting banged by different young guys and girls. Whatever, anyway we hadn't heard from her until last week so I didn't think you'd mind hearing from her. Thanks again for the work; I'll be in touch, later.'

Taking a deep breath he sighed, 'At least it was true about getting help, I can't believe he gave her my address, stupid bastard!' trying not to get angry he asked him not to give out his address or phone number anymore and a quick thank you, closed his laptop, shook his head and went to get ready.

Chelsea's new outfit clung to her like a second skin. The top was some kind of loose silk with a plunging neckline and the Capri pants looked as if they were painted on, looking in the mirror she asked again, "Are you guys sure this is ok? It still feels a little over the top for just a lunch date." It still felt funny not wearing any underwear and when she looked in the mirror she could see the crotch clinging and separating her pussy lips. Trying to stretch them out she noticed when she bent over her tits were almost falling out of the loose top. Giggling she stood up straight and turned to the others watching her, "The funny thing is it feels very sexy and I can't wait to see his face."

Darlene was shaking her head, "Don't worry baby if it doesn't give him an instant boner it will tell you he really is gay."

Melinda laughed, "When he sees you he may throw money on the table and fuck you in his car."

Marty was acting like Chelsea was going on her first prom date, "Come on guys she looks hot. If he acts like a fool then it wasn't meant to be. I bet he acts like a gentleman and does all the right things. It's her I don't think we can trust, she is practically panting like a bitch in heat, look at her!"
