 Getting Lucinda settled in one of the spare rooms Ted spent several moments talking with her, "Are you going to be alright by yourself? I can stay until you fall asleep if you want."

She had taken a shower and borrowed one of his t-shirts to sleep in. As she got into bed she started to cry, not sobbing but just tears of relief, "I wish sometimes you would just hit me or yell; something else besides understanding and kind," she sniffled, "Shit Ted, I treated you like a sex toy! I didn't have the decency to at least hide my affairs; I had people in our home! Not real nice people either; after you left that day the other women were freaked out by the number of guys who showed up so they left, leaving me by myself," sitting up she hugged her knees to her chest.

Ted felt it wasn't the time to say anything so he pulled a chair over and gently rubbed her shoulder.

Glancing over at the door she heard Chelsea headed downstairs, "Chelsea can you come in here please!" looking at him she smiled and wiped her face, "I'm glad you found someone Ted. Chelsea is real nice, just the kind of person you should have."

Coming in the room she said, "Hey is everything ok?"

Lucinda waved her over to the bed, "Yeah everything is fine, it's just, well, I, uh, shit!"

Ted squeezed her shoulder, "Go ahead Lucy get it out. You've had something to say and you should just go ahead and say it. You're not dying are you?"

Chelsea slapped his arm, "Ted! I can't believe you asked that."

Lucinda laughed, "Some things about you haven't changed a bit! No doofus I'm not dying, although at times I wanted to. I just need to tell you what happened that day and the following few weeks after. But first I want to try to explain why I turned into a nympho on you and what I think started it. Is that ok? I'll understand if you don't want to hear it." She turned to Chelsea, "I think you need to hear it too because of your relationship with Ted," she had a pleading look on her face glancing from one to the other.

Ted cleared his throat, "The truth is Chelsea and I only had our first date today, so our relationship has just started. I like to think it's just a start though," looking at Chelsea he smiled.

She glanced at him and blushed, looking at Lucinda she smiled, "Yeah I think it's just a start too. Are you sure you want to share this with me? After all we just met and you don't know me at all!"

Lucinda grinned and shook her head, "When you came over to help me and showed me kindness instead of pity? That told me everything about you I needed, and when I saw how Ted looks at you it told me he trusts you also," blowing her nose she stretched out under the covers.

"Ok now that that's settled. The weekend before all that started you had to go away for that business trip, remember?"

He nodded, "Yeah to Chicago."

Nodding she continued, "Well, I dropped your stuff at the dry cleaners and ran into an old college friend, a guy I used to date. We decided to go to lunch and catch up, that was my first mistake. After more than a few drinks he decided to get me a cab so I could get home safe, so I thought. We both hop in the cab and get out at the house. I go in and he pays the cab off. Now I had locked the door because I thought he had gone," taking a deep breath, "The next part is a little fuzzy but I remember answering the door and he pushes me to the side, comes in and says he needs to use the phone. Not knowing what's going on I say its ok and ask if he wants a drink, mistake number two."

Putting her hands over her face she says, "Damn this is hard. Ok, well one thing leads to another and before I realize it we're in bed and having sex, Ted I am so sorry," she has tears running down her cheeks, "We get finished and I fall asleep. The next morning my head is killing me, so I get in the shower, I hear him come in mumbling. Without saying a word he jumps in with me soaps me from head to foot scrubbing away. He is massaging my shoulders and my headache is going away, the bad thing is I'm sober, mistake number three."

Covering her eyes with her hand she says, "Damn it I'm cold sober and haven't told him to leave yet, good little wife huh? He's asking me when you get home and if I'm happy all the usual stuff to get me back in bed with the least amount of guilt. Obviously it worked, because we spend the next day together just like old times," peeking at Ted she says, "Ted if you beat me with a baseball bat that day, hell if you did it today, I wouldn't blame you at all."

Ted was confused a little, "Lucy I could have forgiven you an affair but not what I saw. That was an orgy nothing less."

Crying and sniffling she nodded, "Oh Ted I'm sorry, I'm so sorry," catching her breath and calming down, "Any way that was Monday. He left that night but didn't stay away for long. The next night was Tuesday and I hear car doors closing and people talking outside. Before I can open the front door he comes in with several other people, three guys and three girls. The women look like hookers and the three guys are all black and mean looking. I ask him what he thinks he is doing in my house which didn't set too well with him; one of the black guys asks if he was going to take that kind of shit from a slut bitch," sitting up straighter she sniffs loudly and swallows some of her water.

"I'm in shock so I just stand there. He grabs my arm and drags me into the bedroom slamming the door. I scream for him to let me go; then he slaps me harder than any thing has ever hit me. My tooth cuts my mouth and I start to cry dripping blood on my shirt, he comes over to help me sit on the bed acting all sweet and nice saying how I shouldn't have made him mad in front of his friends," she is wincing as she retells the story.

"I think it's all over when he gets up and tells one of the black guys to come in. The two of them flip me over on my stomach and strip off my shorts. I'm squirming and screaming, trying to kick them, I thought they were going to rape me, when I thought one of them had pinched me and that's all I remember until just a little while before you got home. The only memories I can recall are of having sex with several partners including the women. Not the kind of three-way you and I wanted. By the time you came in the first time I thought you had set it up so I started to get into it waiting for you to come back. When I saw you with the camera I got confused but the look on your face told me I had been played by my own weaknesses and my so-called old friend. Everyone stayed to use me for several hours then the girls left and my friend called in some more guys to fuck me as much as they wanted because I didn't care. The ironic thing is I really didn't care then. After they had all gone the next morning I locked the front door and took a shower until there wasn't any hot water then stayed under the water until my lips were blue. I could never get clean enough. For three days I never left the house and when I didn't hear from you I knew we were through."

The tears were streaming down her face, sitting up she straightened her back and faced him, "Ted I can't make apologies enough to you, if I hadn't fallen into the affair we would still be together. I can only ask your forgiveness and when I leave I won't bother you again."

Ted stood up and went to the window, hands on his hips he didn't say a word for several minutes, "What was this guys name anyway?" she told him, "Huh, boy that's weird. I know someone by that name. Let me make some calls tomorrow." Turning around he came over and pulled Lucinda up on her knees, holding her hands he said, "Lucy I'm glad you told me, and I'm especially pleased you included Chelsea. It means a lot to hear you get all the guilt off your chest and it also helps me understand what happened, thank you," he hugged her then kissed her cheek.

They both heard sniffling and turned around. Lucinda said, "Well honey what's wrong?"

Chelsea grabbed a tissue and blew her nose, "Man, you two are like a movie, a three hankie movie!" blowing again she came over and hugged them both. Kissing Ted she left the room.

Lucinda squeezed him one more time and told him to go be with his girl friend and that she would be fine.

Ted went back to his room, "Chelsea? Where did you go?" she wasn't there. Going downstairs he found her in the kitchen with a drink. "Hey, are you ok?" coming up behind her he rubbed her shoulders.

Drinking the rest of her Scotch in one gulp she sucked the ice cubes and put the glass down. Turning around she wrapped her arms around his waist and looked in his eyes, "You are something special buster and I am not letting you go, what you think about that?"

Laughing he hugged her back and planted a toe curling kiss on her mouth, "Is that a good answer? I don't want to let you go either; in fact I think we need to go to bed so I can show you properly just how much!"

With her Cheshire cat grin she said, "Well, I don't know if I'm in the mood any more, but if you take your time I might come around!"

Kissing her again he said, "Oh I think you'll come around. I'm pretty good I'm told, but I'll let you be the judge," picking her up and carrying her upstairs to the bedroom they tried to be quiet but really didn't care.

Late the next morning the phone rang waking Ted up, "Hello?"

"Ted old buddy! How's it hanging my friend? The web site is smoking hot my friend and it's makin us a lot of money. My partners are singin your praises and signin your bonus check as we speak. Hey did your ex find you?" all said in a rush with a north east accent.

Rubbing the sleep out of his eyes he said, "Hey Gabe. Yeah she contacted me. Don't give out my number anymore unless I say it's alright, ok?"

Gabe was talking with someone else then came back, "Yeah sure, no problem."

Looking over at Chelsea to see if she was asleep he left the room with the portable and stood in the hall, "Gabe, can you do me a favor?"

"Absolutely, after all we owe you! What can I do for you Ted; you need a young college girl to come visit you for a few days?" Gabe was laughing. 

"No, no nothing like that. What I need is to have someone convinced he is a bad boy and a lesson is in order. You know what I mean? Not too rough, well maybe a little rough. Oh shit, make it a hospital stay for a while. Can you help me?" 

Gabe had gotten real quiet after shushing the other people in the room, "Hang on a second." Ted could hear him telling everyone to leave and he would be with them in a minute. Coming back on the phone he said, "Ted meet me tomorrow at the little restaurant we had our first meeting at, say lunch time, ok? We'll discuss it then face to face, but not over the phone," he hung up without saying anything else.

He stared at the phone in his hand wondering if he had done the wrong thing by asking.

Going back in the bedroom he put the phone back and headed in to take a shower.

Chelsea woke up stretched and heard him in the bathroom. With a grin she slipped out of bed opened the door watching as he washed his hair, letting her gaze drift down to his flat stomach and his cock swinging between his legs. 'Damn, he is gorgeous!' she thought. Quickly brushing her teeth with one of the extra brushes and washing her face she opened the door to the shower stall. Ted had finished rinsing his hair smiling when he saw her.

Smiling back at him she said, "Good morning! Want to wash my hair?"

With a grin he said, "Sure, at least we can start there." 

Pulling her in he kissed her then she got under the water while he grabbed the shampoo. Washing her hair first then rinsing it he took the body wash and scrubbed her from the shoulders to her feet, paying special attention to her legs and butt. When she started to moan as he washed between her legs and the cheeks of her ass he grabbed the shower head and rinsed off all the soap.

Looking at him she laughed, "It was just getting interesting, why did you stop?"

Grinning at her he said, "I haven't washed yet, want to help me now?"

Nodding her head she took the wash cloth and starting at his neck she scrubbed him down the back first. Running the soapy cloth across his shoulders, down his back she ran her soapy fingers between his ass cheeks making him moan. Moving down she scrubbed each leg and foot then turned him around. Soaping the cloth again she started at the front of his legs but only gently ran her soapy fingers around his balls and now hard throbbing cock. Leaving his crotch she stood up and worked on his chest, shoulders, stomach as his erection pulsed with each heartbeat. Tossing the cloth on the bench seat she soaped her hands and massaged his balls first. He had his hands on her shoulders and his eyes closed.

Chelsea wanted to watch him have an orgasm after all the pleasure he had given her last night. Gently wrapping her hands around his member she stroked him to almost cumming then stopped.

Ted was having trouble standing, "Why did you stop? Want to get back in bed?"

Chelsea shook her head, "No not yet, sit down I want to watch you cum." 

Smiling he sat on the bench seat after letting her rinse off all the soap. His pre-cum was running down his shaft.

Getting on her knees she stroked him for a few minutes using his juice to slick the shaft. As the head started to swell she would lower her face on him licking the slit and shaft down to his balls sucking them in her mouth while jerking him off. Several times she stopped stroking; she didn't want him to cum too fast, licking his balls and the big vein running along the bottom of his cock.

Leaning back she continued to run her hands up and down his cock watching as it expanded when she would rub the head, "Does it feel good baby? Do you like my hand job? Are you ready to cum?" Dropping her mouth over him she started to suck him down to the back of her tongue.

He was trying to hold back but when she started to suck him he knew it wasn't going to last, "Oh shit baby, suck me Chelsea. Suck my cock, oh fuck, shit, shit, oh, unnnnng!" pumping his meat in her mouth he started to cum.

Chelsea could feel his cock swelling in her mouth. Pulling off him she stroked him faster and faster holding him straight up so she could watch his sperm squirt out. At first just a little bit dribbled out the slit then he shot a huge rope of cum almost two feet in the air landing on his stomach, cock and her hand, "Yeah baby, that's it cum for me honey shoot your load!" The next shot didn't go as high but it was still a thick rope of cum, leaning her head down she sucked the head in her mouth drinking his seed. The last she sucked out in her mouth swallowing it then using her tongue she licked him clean.

While she cleaned him up using her tongue he let his head fall back on the tile, "Holy shit that was great!" Glancing down while she licked her fingers he smiled, "Come here baby."

She laid his semi-hard cock between her breasts and slid up to his face. "What?"

Kissing her mouth he said, "That was fantastic! Thank you."

She helped him wash again then they got dressed going down so he could make breakfast. As they entered the kitchen Lucinda had already made them something to eat.

"Hey, are you rabbits ready to eat?" shaking her head as she dished out the food, "My God you two are unbelievable. I thought I was hearing a porn movie!" Hiding her smile behind her coffee cup she turned to take the scones out of the oven.

Both their faces got red. Chelsea said, "Sorry I thought we were quiet."

Ted turned to her and laughed, "You thought we were quiet, really?"

Giggling she just shrugged, "Well it was probably you anyway because I'm always quiet as a mouse."

Both Ted and Lucinda said, "Bullshit!" sending them both into the giggles.

Before Chelsea could answer the phone rang, Ted grabbed it, "Hello?"

"Ted, its Gabe, meet me at the end of your drive in twenty minutes." Then he hung up.

Ted hung up the phone and said a quick thank you as he grabbed a cup of coffee and a scone. Heading upstairs he yelled, "I've got to go out for a minute!"

Chelsea and Lucinda looked at each other, Chelsea said it first, "What was that all about?" Lucinda shook her head.

Ted came down and waved to them as he headed to the garage. Hopping in the Hummer he squealed tires and shot off down the drive. Stopping at the gate he got out and stood on the road side waiting. In a few minutes Gabe's Mercedes pulled in. Making his way over to the drivers' side the window rolled down.

The cigar smoke rolled out like a cloud, "Get in, quick!"

He went around and got in, the first thing he saw was two guys in the back seat. Looking back at Gabe he said, "What's with the secrecy?"

Gabe didn't say anything until he had the car moving again, "Ted this is Frank and Vincent, they do work for me and my partners on occasion. I asked them to meet you and see if you guys could work out this thing about the other guy."

Ted turned around and shook their hands, "Pleased to meet you guys."

Frank took off his sunglasses smiled and said, "Ted it's good to meet you. Please call me Franco and my associate is Vinnie. Yeah I know we sound like a couple of wise guys, but I assure you we are independent contractors and in no way associated with any families, if you know what I mean." Cleaning his glasses with a hanky he went on, "Gabe tells me you seem to have a problem with someone and he needs a lesson in manners?"

Ted told them what happened to his ex-wife, although not all the details. Adding how it contributed to their break-up and how she has been trying to move on, "Guys let me put it this way. If this jerk-off had an accident of some sort, you know, gang raped, disfigured, broken bones or bankrupted it would not make me lose any sleep. Gabe can tell you, I pay my bills and am good for my word. If we come to some kind of agreement what would the cost be on something like this?"

Franco looked at Vinnie and grinned, reaching up he slapped Gabe on the shoulder, "You weren't kidding Gabe this guy shoots straight," slapping Ted on his shoulder he said, "Damn I like you Ted. Tell you what for this type of enterprise we usually get twenty G's each, but because Gabe here is vouching for you it will only be fifteen each, ok?"

Ted smiled, "Done, now what did you have in mind for this guy?"

Franco sat back and tilted his chin to Vinnie, "Vinnie is the planner, tell him."

When Vinnie smiled Ted felt sweat break out on his back, he had small perfect teeth that made him resemble a shark, "Ted, first I get to know his habits and who his friends are. Then I'll get back to you with a plan, ok?" Ted nodded, "I'll leave an envelope at the post office for you to pick up. If everything is agreeable you won't hear from us until it's either done or if we run into a snag, either way I figure about four weeks total."

"Thanks guys, I look forward to hearing from you. Gabe, let's you and I go to lunch next week, ok?" he nodded and they parted company.

Getting in his SUV Ted clapped his hands then made his way back to the house. Pulling in the garage he came back into the kitchen. Getting a cup of coffee he sat next to Chelsea at the breakfast bar, "Hey, what's new?"

She looked at him and frowned, "Hey you, Lucinda and I were comparing notes about you that's all. What's new with you?"

Not looking them in the eye he kept his eyes on his cup, "Oh nothing just business with an associate. He wanted to meet today instead of tomorrow."

Lucinda was standing in front of him with her arms crossed, "Uh huh, associate huh. Wouldn't be dear old Gabe Lombardi would it?"

Ted didn't know how she found out, "Uh, well, yeah it was Gabe. Chelsea, I do work for him, he's one of my clients." He started to get up, "Any more of those scones? They're real good by the way."

Lucinda nodded towards Chelsea, "See I told you he was up to something, poor Ted never could lie worth a damn. It's what drew me to him in the first place."
