 Mosquitoes attacking our naked bodies forced us indoors, and the four of us all sat around Penny's table and broke out the tequila. Johnny walked over to his duffel bag, and after rummaging around he pulled out a big fat joint. 

"Do you guys smoke weed?" he said. "This is the last of the some great stuff I got out West. I've been saving it for a special occasion."

"Yeah honey, light it up," Penny said. 

I looked at Chrissy and she looked intrigued. I used to get high a lot, but I was guessing she never had. Johnny took a puff and passed it to Penny, and then to me. With my first hit I got a wicked head rush. It was some great stuff indeed. 

"It's some sort of special variety I friend of mine grew himself," Johnny said, smiling at the way it was hitting us.

"Spes-she-ahl-aye," Penny said, in some sort of bad Italian accent, and then she laughed hysterically. 

Chrissy could see we were all almost instantly high and looked a little nervous. I gave her a quick lesson on how to inhale some air with the smoke to cool it, and told her to hold it in her lungs as long as she could. She took a puff like an old pro and looked at me, her eyes getting big. 

"Oh!" she said as she exhaled, not moving a muscle. "That's nice!" she said quietly as a big smile broke out across her face and her eyes closed. 

Johnny got up and put some trippy electronica music on his portable stereo, and the big joint went around for another hit. Penny poured shots of tequila, and yelled "skol!" as we laughed and drank. She got up and danced slowly and sexily around the table, arms in the air, her naked body moving more alluringly than most of the strippers I've seen. Stopping behind Chrissy's chair, she put her hands on Chrissy's shoulders and then slid them down onto her bare tits, massaging them like a pro. Penny shook her own shoulders back and forth like an old time stripper. Her tits are smaller than Chrissy's, but still a nice handful and they jiggled back and forth.

"God I love tits," she said.

Chrissy was responding to the massaging and nipple squeezing, and she looked ungodly sexy. Penny saw Johnny staring at Chrissy's voluptuous chest.

"Johnny, you haven't fucked Chrissy yet, have you?" she said. "I wanna watch you fuck Chrissy with that big fat cock." 

Chrissy and Johnny's eyes met and their faces told an age old story of lust and desire. 

"I'll get her ready for you," Penny said. 

She stopped her tit massage, took Chrissy's hand and danced her over to the old brass bed, just a few feet away. 

"Put that sweet ass up in the air honey, Johnny want's to fuck you," she said in her best sexy voice. 

Chrissy was happy to do what she was told, getting on her hands and knees on the bed and then lowering her shoulders down against the blanket, her back arched seductively. She looked as sexy as I've ever seen her, on display for all of us. 

She was looking right at Johnny and me, and her sexy mouth opened slowly.

"Fuck me please Johnny," she said in a quiet, breathy voice. 

Penny was dancing again to the trippy music, and Johnny walked past her, hard cock in hand.

"Do her good baby," Penny said, and she squeezed his ass. 

Johnny stood behind Chrissy and slowly slid his fat cock into her. Chrissy responded to his girth with wide eyes and a deep exhale—"Oohffff"—loud enough to hear above the music. He fucked her very slowly and she closed her eyes and moaned softly, a look of pure bliss on her face. 

Penny danced over to me, arms out to her sides moving like bird's wings. I stood and mimicked her, dancing to the trippy beat, my hard cock swaying back and forth between us. She reached down and stroked it with one hand, and picked up the bottle with the other and poured tequila in my mouth. It ran down my chin and she licked it off. Then she poured a splash over my cock, took a big swig herself, set down the bottle, dropped to her knees and inhaled my full length into her throat. She went at me for a short while, alternately taking me deep in her throat and stroking me with her hands. Being as high as I was it felt spectacular, so good that I wasn't even paying attention to the beautiful fucking going on just a few feet away. Penny stopped for a moment to catch her breath and she spotted the joint on the table. She lit it up, took a puff, and passed it to me. 

"Holy shit this stuff is good," she said, as another wave of near hallucinogenic buzz hit us. 

She danced over to Johnny, still in the middle of the worlds most sensual slow-fuck, and held the joint to his lips. He took a puff, and Penny danced around to the other side of the bed. 

"Chrissy," Penny said softly. 

Chrissy opened her eyes and raised herself up on her arms, her pendulous tits swaying gently. Penny held the joint in her mouth and Chrissy inhaled deeply. Johnny never missed a beat with his slow-fuck, and the old spring mattress was jostling from side to side, creaking a little. 

"Again," Penny said, putting the joint back in Chrissy's mouth. 

She took another big puff and looked over at me as she exhaled a cloud of smoke. I realized I was wrong earlier—that was the sexiest she had ever looked, her big tits rocking gently under her as she was fucked slowly from behind. I moved over to her and she took my hard cock in her mouth. I didn't have to move a muscle, Johnny's slow fucking was moving Chrissy's mouth up and down my shaft. I reached under her for two handfuls of glorious tit and I think I was as close to heaven in that moment as I'll ever get. Penny danced her way back to Johnny and she squeezed her body against his back, following his movements, the two of them fucking Chrissy as one.

Penny reached down between his ass cheeks and fondled his balls from behind, drawing a big groan from Johnny. Their eyes were both closed, and Johnny started to pick up the pace. 

As Chrissy responded my cock slipped from her mouth. She turned her head, looking back at Johnny over her shoulder.

"Oh yeah, Fuck me baby!" she said in a forceful tone. I fondled her dangling tits, and she screamed when I pinched her nipples and Johnny hit her with some powerful thrusts. "OH FUCK YEAH! FUCK ME HARDER!" 

Johnny was really ramming into her now, and she was hungrily taking my cock in and out of her mouth between squeals and grunts and groans. We were all grunting and groaning loudly, and it seemed we went on like that for hours, though I'm sure it was the drugs making it seem that way. Whatever the reason, it was intense and incredible. 

Chrissy's orgasm hit hard, as it usually does, and Johnny went off hard too with a flailing body and a great loud groan coming from deep in his chest. The whole scene put me over the edge too, and as Chrissy's body twitched violently my cock popped out of her mouth and I splattered her face and hair with my cum. Johnny collapsed on the bed with her, one leg over her body, both of them struggling for breath. 

"That was so fucking hot," Penny said. 

She was quickly around my side of the bed and on her knees, sucking on my still hard cock. I slowly softened in her mouth, and then she turned her attention to licking my cum off Chrissy's face. Chrissy looked half unconscious again, with a beautiful little smile.

I sat down at the table, my knees weak from the powerful orgasm. Maybe it was just the amazing reefer, but it sure seemed like I had just had one of my all time great sexual moments, and a wave of happiness washed over me when I thought about the wonderful pleasures Chrissy was finally discovering.

Penny sat down with me, and eventually we had all resumed our places at the table, Chrissy the last to revive and join us. We finished the joint, made a toast to the God of Cannabis, and talked and laughed deep into the night. The batteries on the music player gradually faded and died, and we sat and listened to the crickets outside the windows. Eventually Penny stood and took Johnny's hand. 

"You know it's been hours since I've had a cock in me," she said. We all laughed, and she led him to the bed out on the screened porch. "Good night you guys," she said as they left us. 

I blew out the candles and Chrissy and I lay down on the old brass bed. I pulled a blanket over us and spooned her, holding her warm body close to me as we drifted off to sleep.

——————————————

We woke to the smell of bacon frying, and saw Penny, still naked, arranging plates on the table. Her hair was wet, and she looked hungover but happy. I looked out the window next to the bed and saw Johnny, his hair still dripping from a swim, talking on a cell phone in a chair by the firepit. 

"I've gotta catch a ferry to Burlington later," he said when he walked in. "Got a gig tonight."

"Have you got time for breakfast?" Penny asked.

"Sure, no hurry," he said.

Chrissy and I got up, and my head was spinning a little. 

"How do you feel?" I asked her.

"Like a new woman," she said, with a twinkle in her eye. "I might not be used to good sex, but I am used to good liquor." We all laughed. 

We ate bacon and eggs, Chrissy and I took a quick swim and washed each other, and we all prepared to go our separate ways. Johnny set his duffel and guitar case by the door. 

"Johnny! You never played for us..." Penny said, her voice trailing off sadly. 

He opened the case, took his guitar out and sat on the side of the old brass bed. He tuned it up a bit and launched into a wonderful, rousing version of The B52's 'Love Shack'. Penny laughed hysterically, and then we all joined in singing. It was yet another perfect moment at that magical place in the woods. I made a mental note to make Penny a rustic birch bark sign for her wall that said, 'The Love Shack'. She would love it. 

We all gathered our things and hiked the half mile trail to our vehicles. The yellow Ferrari looked resplendent in the morning light, and Johnny's old VW camper bus looked just as cool in its own way. It suited him well. We all looked it over as he stowed his things. I'm sure it was quite the love nest for him. 

Penny walked around the back and saw a bumper sticker that read "I (heart) Boobies," and she laughed.

"I gotta get one of those," she said, and we all agreed it would be appropriate. 

We all hugged and said our goodbyes. Penny and Chrissy both gave Johnny kisses, we said something about meeting up next summer when Johnny came through, and then he drove away.

I started up the Dino to let it warm up while Penny and Chrissy had an intimate moment together, hugging each other tightly. They held their embrace and talked quietly for a few minutes before I walked over, and Penny hugged me hard. 

"Thank you so much for introducing me to your Chrissy," she said. "She's wonderful." 

"I had a feeling you two would hit it off," I said, "and the whole experience did her a world of good I think." 

"So are you two heading back to Lake Placid?" Penny asked.

"Yup. We have today and tomorrow and then back to reality I guess." I said it quietly in her ear so Chrissy couldn't hear. She looked so happy, I didn't want to bring her down.

"I'll see you back in the city," Penny said to Chrissy.

She gave us each a kiss, and we got in the car and drove away. Chrissy smiled and closed her eyes contentedly.

"I have a wonderful new friend," she said.

It was a weekday morning with wide open empty roads, and we rocketed north, the Dino's engine singing it's sweet song. Chrissy was sprawled languidly across her seat, her eyes still closed, a lovely little smile lighting up her face. 

"You look happy," I said. 

"There's only one thing that would make me happier," she said, her eyes locking onto mine. 

She unbuttoned her dress down to her waist, put my hand on her big tits, and unfastened my shorts. I lifted my ass and she pulled them down enough for my quickly stiffening cock to spring out, and she lowered her head in my lap and engulfed me. 

The best week of my life was still getting better.