 The whole group woke up, showered and came downstairs to find the coffee and breakfast all ready and waiting. Ted and Chelsea had gotten up early taken their run together and a shower together. Looking in on Darlene they could see she wasn't in any mood to get up yet, checking on the others it was also obvious they weren't among the open eye club quite yet. Ted raised his eyebrows when he figured out his ex had stayed with Melinda and Marty last night.

Chelsea saw the look on his face, "What? Didn't expect that did you?"

Looking at her he smiled and said, "If she was willing to have another woman in bed with us when we were married things could have turned out different."

Taking his hand she looked in his face, "Ted, do you wish things had turned out different between you two?" biting her lip she looked away.

Ted was surprised by her question but knew it would come up eventually, "Hey, look at me please," he turned her to look at him. "Chelsea I know we don't know each other very well yet and I want to know everything about you. I decided a long time ago to move on with my life after the divorce. Now I hope Lucinda has moved on too because I found you now and I want us to be together," smiling he cleared his throat, "If she wants to join us I think you may enjoy it and to be honest it would be interesting."

Chelsea wiped away a small tear snorted a laugh then slapped his arm, "I had an idea you might say that. You better watch it, you know what they say a hard dick has no conscience and since I met you I believe it." 

Pinching her nipple he laughed, "I can show you it knows what it wants down in the kitchen if you would like?" 

Giggling she said as she ran down the stairs in front of him, "Sure you wouldn't like to warm it up with Lucinda before showing me what it wants!"

Chasing her he thought, 'That might not be a bad idea for later,' catching her behind the kitchen island Ted picked her up and sat her on the counter, "Maybe later, but right now I'll settle for you."

Squealing she let him nuzzle her neck, "Settle for me! Wait until later buster; we'll see who settles for whom!" 

Calming down they both stopped and looked at one another, she had her hands on his shoulders and he had his on her hips.

Chelsea said, "Kiss me lover," pulling him closer they kissed gently and passionately breaking away she said, "Think we should start breakfast? Or is your 'conscience' going to show me something?" she said with her Cheshire cat grin.

He smiled pulled her around his waist so she could feel his hard cock. Kissing her lips he said, "I think I'll make it wait until later. Sometimes it's more fun that way."

Reaching between them she grabbed his swollen penis through his shorts, "Maybe this will help it remember." Kissing his lips, chin and cheeks she said, "The way it feels I think it remembers me!"

"You keep doing that and breakfast can wait love," holding her ass cheeks he pressed against her crotch harder.

"Ok, ok, enough you horn dog. But later you're all mine!" squeezing him again she unwrapped her legs and slid to the floor, "If you knew the girls like I do you wouldn't delay their meal after a night of sex. Those three have come home after pulling all-nighters from a frat party and almost ate everything in the apartment. I wish you could have seen them covered in dry cum or whatever, their hair going in three different directions and missing several pieces of clothing. It was amazing to say the least," getting out the coffee she filled the pot, "What made me mad was I didn't go because of exams. They came waltzing in smelling like a night with the sailors from a ship, eat everything, kiss me on the cheek, say goodnight and still make it to class and pass the same tests I had. Not being fair just doesn't say enough I think."

Ted was getting the fixings for the meal trying not to laugh out loud, taking a breath he said, "So what was the exam?"

Chelsea stopped turned and saw his shoulders shaking with quiet laughter, his hands were full as he turned around, grinning from ear to ear he said, "What?"

Trying to act angry she put her hands on her hips stomped her foot and pointed her finger at him, "You think that's funny? They have all the fun getting laid by young college guys while I stay in like a step sister and study? Ok funny guy, we'll see if you're laughing later," spinning around she grabbed the dish towel and threw it at him.

Setting everything down he wiped his hands and came up behind her, "Oh sweetie it's ok, I'll try to make it up to you somehow," kissing her neck he gave her a raspberry.

Giggling she squealed then slapped his hand, "Get away from me you dope!"

"Yes dear," he said then slapped her ass.

"Ouch!" rubbing her cheek.

Retreating to the sink he washed the fruit and set about making some breakfast scones. The two of them worked together like they had been doing it for years, helping with each portion of the jobs as it was needed, no argument or slacking off. The conversation flowed from them like an old married couple, teasing, laughing, answering questions and generally having a great time.

When the conversation had slowed they had cleaned up and were waiting for the timer to go off. Sitting side by side at the counter drinking coffee Ted turned to her and said, "Well did you notice it too?"

Looking in her cup she smiled and said, "If you mean how comfortable we are together? Yeah I felt it, I like it too. I never had that with anyone before."

Grinning he touched her hand with his fingers; "Yeah I like it too and want to have a lot more of it," bending in he kissed her cheek.

Her face getting flush she gave a low laugh, "Watch it you big dope, I might fall for you. Then what would you do?"

"Oh I think it's too late for me anyway," placing his chin in his hand he looked at the ceiling and said, "You know, I don't think I've ever been smitten before. I like it though."

Turning to him she smiled and said, "Me neither, I like it too."

Smiling as they looked at each other, neither one had heard the ladies come down. When they started to clap both of them jumped.

Darlene turned to Marty and said, "See, told ya! You owe me five bucks."

Lucinda came in last rubbing her eyes, "See what? Did you borrow five dollars?"

Marty laughed, "No sweetie, it seems that I owe Darlene five dollars because she and I bet on Ted and Chelsea becoming an item. I said it would be at least a month and she said it wouldn't take a week. Seems I lost, look at them, it's disgusting how they carry on."

Lucinda was standing between Darlene and Marty, "That's great! Oh Ted I was worried you weren't ever getting in another relationship," she came over and hugged Chelsea then him giving them each a kiss on the cheek.

Melinda came in last just catching Lucinda's remark, putting her arm around Darlene and Marty she asked, "Well who won?"

Chelsea squealed, "You two sluts bet on us?" she said with her hands on her hips.

Melinda said with a grin, "No. no, we just bet on you actually. All of us figured once Ted got in your pants he was hooked, you know a typical guy thinking with his dick." She squeaked as Chelsea came off the stool and chased her around the kitchen hitting her ass with the dishtowel.

The two of them were giggling and pinching each other. Calming down Chelsea got on her stool next to Ted kissed his mouth and said, "Sorry lover, I didn't realize my friends were so common," glancing at them she smiled, "I would appreciate you ladies not referring to his dick unless he wants you too, after he asks me of course."

They all laughed and said in unison, "Certainly madam!"

Ted finally stopped laughing, turning to Chelsea he said, "So lets see if I have this straight, whenever the ladies want to talk about my dick you have to be in the room?" she nodded very smugly, "Wow, I guess I'll have to get a bigger bed!"

She grinned at him, "Or at the very least I'm sure us girls can work on some kind of schedule."

Getting into the spirit of the conversation Darlene, Marty, Melinda and Lucinda all threw their hands up and said, "Me first!"

Turning around on their stools they faced them, with serious looks on their face they looked each of them up and down. Putting their heads together whispering Ted nodded and sat back grinning.

Chelsea stood up put her hands behind her back and stood in front of Melinda. Getting behind her she ran her hands over Melinda's shoulders down onto her ass squeezing the cheeks. The she reached around slipped her hands under the tee-shirt pinching her nipples, Melinda lay her hands over hers pressing them into her breasts. Removing one hand she let it trail down past the waistband of her pajama bottoms to rub her clit, looking at Ted she said, "She seems ready, but we'll see," pulling her fingers out from her crotch Chelsea kissed her cheek, Melinda sighed when her hand was gone.

Moving behind Marty she did the same thing in reverse, Marty's shorts were held on with a draw string which Chelsea untied and slipped down her hips. Letting them fall she trailed her fingers along Marty's hips squeezing one ass cheek. Her other hand went between her legs stroking her pussy. Removing her hand from her ass she slipped it under her tee-shirt caressing each breast, "She is more than ready, but we'll see." Marty groaned and called her a bitch.

Moving over to Darlene they kissed and Darlene said, "Its ok sweetie he's already had me."

Moving to Lucinda she didn't even get behind her when Lucinda grabbed her shoulders and put a lip lock on her leaving no doubt they were enjoying each others tongues. They broke contact, "Whew!" Chelsea gently kissed her and turned towards Ted, clearing her throat she said, "I think we have a winner! That ok with you Ted?"

Clearing his throat he hesitated then said, "Uh, well, sure, if it's ok with you?"

Chelsea smiled at him then caressing Lucinda's breast she asked, "Are you ok with it? It's not too weird is it?"

Lucinda grinned as she looked at them both, "No problem with me, after all I've been to bed with him and kind of know what to expect, what I'm really looking forward too is being with you!" reaching over Lucinda squeezed back.

Marty had pulled her shorts up cleared her throat and said, "Well that's all well and good for you three, but now that Chelsea has us all turned on do we go back to bed and fuck or have breakfast? I vote for breakfast, I'm starving!"

The tension was broken so they started to eat and plan out the day. 

Chelsea got Marty and Darlene set up at the pool area clearing the spots for the plantings while she and Melinda went to the supplier to get top soil and plants.

Ted and Lucinda went to his office for her to see what type of clients he had and what kind of set up they wanted. After several hours they decided what equipment she would need and left to go shopping.

In the following weeks the landscaping was shaping up nicely and Lucinda had gotten two clients from Ted to take over their web designs. Lucinda, Chelsea and Ted hadn't had a chance to get together yet, but Ted and Chelsea were falling deeper in love.

Ted had just finished a web page for Gabe and sent it off via e-mail when the phone rang. "Hello," he said.

"Ted, hi it's Vinnie. Meet me at the gate in twenty minutes. I've had a breakthrough on your case," he hung up.

Ted hadn't said anything so he hung up grabbed his keys and drove to the entrance. After almost thirty minutes he was just about to go back when a low slung sports car drove up. Vinnie waved him to come over. Ted got in beside him barely having time to buckle up when he squealed tires and sped away, "Hey! What's the rush?"

Vinnie smiled and said, "Sorry force of habit, you never know whose watching." He turned quiet and drove for a few minutes glancing in the rear view mirror. Vinnie stopped at the same place Ted and Chelsea went for a picnic got out and motioned him to follow.

Going a little ways he sat down on a bench and lit a cigar, "Sit down Ted you make me nervous."

Sitting down he looked at him, "Vinnie enough already, talk to me what happened."

Vinnie grinned, "Well, I found the fellow we talked about and learned everything about him. His bank accounts, favorite restaurants, family history, gambling history which was interesting, food he likes, girlfriends names and their were several. It seems he had a run in with the law several years back, it seems one of the girls he went to high school with was only thirteen when he raped her leaving her pregnant. Now because she was under age he is wanted as a sexual predator and rapist. This bag of shit doped her with date rape drugs but back where it happened, the doctors never looked for it in her blood tests. The next incident was several years ago, it seems the wife of a business partner was a very sexy woman who liked to cock tease the guys her husband hung out with. This asshole decided she needed a lesson; he abducted her, threw her in the car trunk, took her to her husbands cabin while he was out of town, drugged her and had, as near as I can find out, about twenty guys fuck her non-stop for three days. The son of a bitch filmed the whole thing and mailed it to her husband to show him what a slut she was. The bad part was that he gave her another dose of whatever drug he used and dropped her off on the sidewalk in front of their house where she laid for another night naked and out of her mind. The husband came home and found her walking in circles in the front yard screaming. After getting her into the hospital he came home to find the tape in the mail, naturally he watched it and blew his brains out with a pistol half way through," he stopped to catch a breath.

Ted was in shock, "Holy shit!"

Vinnie grinned, "Yeah it's a terrible story but with a happy ending! The father of the wife was a guy who knew some other guys and through their contacts called someone I knew. The poor bastard had a horrible accident, it seems the father was an ex boxer but still in good shape. He made arrangements to get this piece of shit alone for a few hours. What he did is just desserts if you ask me."

Ted had to ask, "I probably don't want to know, but what happened?" Vinnie still had his grin, "Dad jumped him, tied him up like a punching bag and used his balls for a workout. Poor guy had to have them removed because apparently its not good to have your jewels crushed into paste and because of the hits to his cock it had to be shortened to about," he held his fingers about an inch apart, "That long. Dad asked him questions about everything that happened those three days he had his daughter. The more the guy confessed the more of a beating he got. Both his legs had multiple fractures and both knees will have to be replaced. I didn't know a guys hip joints could be broken in the sockets. The story I got from my associates was after the guy passed out from the pain the dad let him down on the floor. When pop caught his breath he started to work on the guys arms, both of the shoulders sockets will never work again, his elbows will only bend just so far any more and every finger, including his thumbs, won't ever make a fist around that pitiful little dick he has," finishing his cigar Vinnie put it out and dropped it in a plastic bag in his pocket, "So by now dad is getting tired, no shit huh? The guys is crying drooling and pissing on himself by now so with two final shots he crushes his nose and breaks off all his front teeth at the gum line. If I had known her dad before he could have come to work for me, the mans an artist. All kidding aside I didn't do anything to earn fifteen g's and Franco agrees, if you cover our expenses we call it even, ok?"

Vinnie turned to look at him, "Weird how life just works out sometimes huh?"

Ted glanced over at him and started to laugh. He laughed hard enough to bring tears and Vinnie joined in. When they both had calmed down Ted took a deep breath, "Son of a bitch. Man that's ironic. I don't think I'll tell my ex-wife the whole story but, damn!" slapping Vinnie on the shoulder he laughed again, "My friend if it's in my power to help you some day, just ask. Of course I'll be glad to cover all expenses and then some. Come on to the house and we'll settle up," standing up he started towards the car.

Vinnie got up and asked him to hold up a minute, "I really won't feel comfortable going to your house, could you get a bank transfer to this account?" he said handing him a card.

Ted took it and shook hands with him, "You bet, I'd be glad too."

Clearing his throat Vinnie looked a little troubled then asked, "Uh, Ted, Gabe said I should ask you something."

"What's that?" he asked.

"This is embarrassing, but Gabe said you may know some women that I could meet. You know nothing deep just a few dates and stuff. The kind I meet are mostly strippers, dancers or prostitutes, not the kind to meet my family, you know what I mean?" standing there wringing his hands he felt very embarrassed and could feel his face getting red.

Hoping the surprise wouldn't show he placed his hand across the bottom of his face rubbing his chin. With a sudden revelation he smiled and putting his arm around Vinnie's shoulders said, "It just so happens I know someone you might like!" Ted told him about the woman he had in mind and he set it up for Vinnie to meet her for lunch one day the following week. 

Vinnie was all smiles, "Gabe said you were a stand up guy Ted. Thanks, should I call you Monday then?"

Ted shook his hand, "Perfect, call me on my cell phone Monday morning. I'll have it set up by then." Vinnie brought him back to his truck and they parted ways.

Ted came back to the house; Chelsea, Marty and Melinda were putting the finishing touches on the area around the pool and hot tub. Having seen them all without clothes he shouldn't have been surprised by the lack of covering they each had. Chelsea was in a very small bikini top which barely covered her nipples and a short pair of cutoffs. Melinda, having gotten comfortable with him seeing her in the nude, was wearing a tight and too small tube top of some kind of silky material. Her breasts weren't huge but on her thin frame they looked bigger; she had on the bottom of Chelsea's bathing suit, a thong type which kept slipping between her pussy lips. Marty was wearing a mans long tee shirt that anyone within ten feet could see it was thin enough to see through, every so often one of her breasts would slip out exposing her hard nipple. Her idea of shorts was a pair of tiny sheer pink panties.

Adjusting his thickening cock he stepped out on the patio, "Hey, how is it going? You all look very sexy by the way." Kissing Chelsea on the cheek he quickly turned her loose, "Man you are really sweaty, don't you girls want something to drink? I don't want you getting dehydrated, water or lemonade?"

Chelsea wiped her forehead, "I didn't hear you complaining about my sweat last night buster!" she said with a grin, "Your right it's hot out here, I'd like some lemonade please."

The others wanted the same so he went back to make some. In a little while he came out with a tray, glasses and ice, "Here you go, fresh squeezed!" They all thanked him and sat down.

Chelsea drained her glass first, "Perfect lover," putting her glass down to get more she started to giggle, "Mel! For the third time would you pull my suit out of you cunt! If you get too excited we may never get any work out of you today."

Marty looked over and said, "I think she does it on purpose, I mean shit look at how wet she is."

Melinda just through one leg over the arm of the chair and said in her most innocent voice, "I just don't know what you two are talking about? Ted your closest look really close and see what they mean."

Ted got down on his knees and pulled her legs apart, "I think it looks fine, oh granted it doesn't fit exactly perfect but I like the way it disappears in her pussy and how the lips seem to grab it," he ran his finger up and down the fabric lifting his finger to her mouth she sucked it in, "See nothing wrong with that," turning he grinned at the others.
