 It was a casual, giggly remark that set the ball rolling I think. A silly, throw-away sentence that must have stuck in my subconscious mind that sunny afternoon as I lay in the back garden, soaking up the rays of the all too absent sun and reading my girlie magazine.

Pondering whether to try a new nail varnish that was supposed to never chip, I heard a squeal from over the fence of my next door neighbour, where Tina, a nice if a bit giddy young nurse that my daughter had nicknamed Miss Tits, due to her ample curves, was entertaining another new boyfriend. For some reason, her giggles turned to shushed whispers, so the guy was obviously in attendance as opposed to on her mobile phone that hardly leaves her ear.

Whatever she'd whispered was completely ignored though as I heard heavy footsteps toward the fence before he stated quite deliberately:

"So, who wears those next door then?"

More giggles and shushes followed and I heard her slap him and say, "What about these, you should be asking."

He wasn't to be diverted though and I suddenly realised that he was talking about my washing on the line that mainly consisted of our thongs, bras, stockings and tights.

I didn't know where to put myself as he complimented my daughter and me on our choice of underwear and voiced his opinion on many of the tiny items pegged along the line.

"They're only tiny little bits," said Tina a little defensively. "And they haven't got these for you to play with either." She said seductively, and I could imagine her lifting her top or placing his hands on those soft round globes, letting him need the flesh and tease her nipples out. "Anyway," she continued with another stupid giggle, "you'd split them in half with that thing."

As she said this, I heard him grunt something like, 'Come here' and noticing a sliver of a gap in the fence, I placed my mag' on the lawn and eased myself over to where I had a good view of her showing off those tits to him until the poor guy could stand it no more and her pushed his hands up her tee shirt and pulled it and her black lacy bra up and over her head in one violent motion.

Her giggles had gone by now, replaced by a look that was more akin to fear as he began to need those giant orbs in his huge hands and pushing her back, bent to suckle the soft flesh, biting and chewing her tits until her nipples stood out like organ stops. 

"Oh Rod no", she gasped, frantically looking around to make sure no neighbours were having a free show, but he was having none of it and scooping her up in his arms he lifted her easily and pulled off her big knickers, flashing her pink slit to the world as he carried her inside, back-heeling the door shut with a slam.

It wasn't long before her muffled squeals and cries could be heard from her bedroom.

'you'd split them in half with that thing'

Half an hour later, her cries reached a crescendo, then all was still, aside from me, for I still had my hands working away vigorously inside my bikini bottoms, the sight of his bulge burned into my mind and I must have had at least five good quality cums before I collapsed back on my sun lounger, exhausted and drifted off to sleep.

"Mom........mom.............MOM!" said my daughter Becca as she shook me. "You'll get sun burned if you're not careful."

She was right of course, even though I have a Mediterranean complexion, I am not immune from burning. She was also a good enough daughter to not mention the fact that my right hand was still deep inside my tiny bikini bottoms or the thick, white pussy cream that was still leaking from my exposed and swollen slit. Oh God!! How am I going to look her in the eye over dinner?

Inside Becca had begun dinner and I watched her bend over to get some salad from the fridge, her mini skirt she'd changed into after work riding high up her slim, stand alone thighs and exposing her tiny bum and G-string panties.

'You'd split them in half with that thing'

Oh God, I shook my head and tried to concentrate on food, not his bulge, not her cries, not his obvious enjoyment of our sexy underwear on the line. Just because that bitch doesn't look so good in skimpy underwear.........

...................."Mo-om!" 

"Sorry hun," I stammered, "what is it, baby?"

"Salad dressing," adding, "for the fifth time."

"Oh gosh," I gasped, "sorry, bottom shelf, new bottle."

Ten minutes into a light, prawn salad, Tina's gasps and cries began again and this time it was even louder than outside. Now his manly grunts were audible too, and after trying to continue our girly small talk for a while, Becca eventually burst into a fit of giggles and to my utter shock mentioned casually:

"No wonder you were in such a state, mom."

"Wha.....What?"

"You know," she smiled brightly, and cut her eyes to a point beneath the table.

I was speechless and I felt my mouth open and close like a goldfish.

"He is a bit of a hunk though, isn't he." She said with a wink. "He was inside her all last night when you were at Aunt June's too. I was in the same state as you were earlier."

"OMG, I never knew you...."

"I am nineteen mom, I can vote and drink and do anything I want to."

"Yes but....."

"What do you think of my skirt?"

"Well it's very short." I half gasped.

"That's because I turned the hem up even higher," she giggled. "I borrowed a DVD off of Tina Tits last night, and did it while I watched the movie."

"What are you up to, Becca?"

"I don't see why I can't show myself off to him, get his attention too."

"But..."

"But nothing mom, he was checking me out last night in my tight jeans, he's going to love me in this." She smiled and chewed her bottom lip. "Especially now he's seen our underwear on the line."

"So that was why you spread them out like a show!" I laughed.

"Oh yeah! I want him to see what his prize comes wrapped in." 

"Hmmm," I found myself purring. "She got really defensive over our undies. I could hear her trying to get his attention."

"Really!?"

"Yeah, but he wasn't having any of it. I think he just stood there, he was definitely enjoying the sight. She ended up having to get her own tits out to lure him back."

"How many times has he taken her today?"

"At least twice including this time."

"She goes on her shift in half an hour. You can help me take it round if you like?"

"Or you could invite him round here, help us with this wine?"

"Mom, you horny slut." She slapped my arm playfully and we both giggled like school girls.

An hour later we heard Tina pull off the drive and go to her job at the local Hospital. 

Becca had been like a cat-on-hot-bricks for the last half hour, worrying that Tina might have changed her shift or was just too tired out from his attentions to get out of bed. 

She hadn't been gone five minutes when Becca slipped off her flip-flops for blue four inch sandals and pushed her 34B tits higher inside her padded half cup bra. For some reason, she paused at the doorway and turned to me, said 'wish me luck', and leant into me, her eyes closed, her mouth slightly parted, and we kissed open mouthed and I'm embarrassed to say; I pushed my tongue gently into her mouth where it danced with hers for only a few seconds, but felt like hours. Whatever, as she left the room, I squeezed my thighs tight together and a tiny orgasm punched out from my tummy and soaked my third pair of panties today.

Becca came back five minutes later distraught. She'd arrived just as he was going out the door to a waiting taxi. Thanking her, he'd taken the DVD and skimmed it into the lounge before walking her back down the path and bidding her goodnight.

I sat with her and consoled her for a while, kissing her crown as I stroked her long dark hair, down to her bare back and up again. I don't know whether it was the wine, the heat or our kiss, but I suddenly found my hand sliding up inside her top, past her bra strap and up to the nape of her neck. She just snuggled closer so I continued my exploration of her silky, slender body.

Lifting her arms, I slipped off her crop-top without a murmur of protest, and lifting her bum, hitched her skirt up over her hips and around her waist.

Hmmm she was so slight, but so slinky, just like I'd been at her age, the year I'd conceived her. Unlike the brutal Rod, who'd ripped Tina's top and bra off, I now unhooked Becca's bra and gently eased it off her plump little boobs that stood out so proudly, dipping to kiss the smooth flesh as I realised my own blouse had somehow come undone and her hands slid in to cup my own unrestrained 36C's.

Her hands were amazing, stoking and teasing my breasts until the nipples stood out long and swollen, I'd always had sensitive breasts but Becca was driving me crazy with her attentions and I threw my head back and groaned as I felt my pussy gush all over the sofa and her softly moaned 'oh baby, look what you've done,' rang in my ears as she slid a finger along the tiny soaked gusset of my thong. Not mom or mother, but 'baby', as if we had become equal somehow as lovers. I loved it.

The banging on the window soon brought us out of our sex trance though.

It was Rod and after our initial squeals of panic, we heard him shout, 'get this door open or I'm kicking it in.'

Quickly I rushed to the front door and he was upon me as soon as he stepped over the threshold.

"Fucking hell girls, you pair look so good together."

"But.....how?" I stammered.

"I've been watching for five minutes, you look amazing together."

Becca was in tears. "Why did you go out? She wailed like a child."

"Well I'm here now, so if you ladies wouldn't mind, seeing as you've been having all the fun for the last half hour...."

I was about to ask what he wanted, until the question dissolved as his jeans hit the floor and ten thick inches of evilly veined cock reared up at us."

'you'd split them in half with that thing!'

Dropping to my knees, I joined my wonderful daughter who while quickly down there, was now staring at it as if mesmerised as his cock swayed heavily from side to side in front of her, a thick string of pre-cum connecting her thigh to his angry looking, purple headed dong.

A big hand then held her head and guided her forward, her mouth automatically opening wide to receive him she struggled, then gagged, her eyes tearing up again as I kissed and loved her and whispered to her that she was doing fine and relax and just mouth it until it's covered in her spit.

She was consumed by fear however, so I scooped every last ounce of saliva in my own mouth and easing him back spat it all over his bell end and into her mouth for her to lube him with.

It did the trick and I heard her now begin to suck greedily and noisily on his huge bone while I sank down and took his balls into my mouth one at a time, warming up those huge pendulous baby makers until he eased me off with a lust-filled grin, saying:

"That's enough of that sweetheart, if you want to feel it in your belly."

I was thrilled at his compliment and helped Becca with his shaft listening to his grunts of satisfaction and pleasure as we hungrily fellated him until:

"Okay ladies, who wants it first?"

We both almost screamed me, ME! Before looking sheepishly at each other, forever in control, the amazing Rod just looked down into our shiny, excited faces and said quite simply;

"Steady down girls, there's more than enough here for the both of you." Before looking at me and saying, why don't you take off your daughters little G-String for me.

Becca wasn't complaining. He asked her a few questions about the size of her previous boyfriends and nodding once said simply:

"Okay baby, bend over the sofa with your ass in the air, we'll test your depth and how elastic your little snatch is, eh?"

I though Becca would faint, I know I nearly did as he knelt behind her and rubbed the glans up and down her puffy slit, coating what wasn't soaked in pussy juices with his thick pre-cum. Honestly, his pre-cum was more than my ex-hubby could produce as his main dish.

Pushing against her, I heard her whimper and stroked her hair as he changed his angle and pushed again. That was better, Even though Becca's howl was somehow what I could imagine a cave-woman would have sounded like as she was speared by a virile hunter-gatherer, she took most of the head inside her and not bothering to withdraw this time, Rod put six foot four and fifteen stones of pressure against my five foot five size six little darling until with a rush, six inches of thick, muscular cock vanished into my precious little daughter.

"You'd split them in half with that thing!" 

Becca just floundered around like a marionette with half her strings cut, her eyes like saucers looking at me but not seeing me, I kissed and loved her and asked how she was feeling while Rod just held it in there, totally in control of her, hell he was totally in control of both of us. And if I needed any confirmation of that he eased me forward and ordered me to spit onto where they were joined and lick and stimulate the seal.

I just did as I was told. My first attempt hitting her right in her tiny ass hole, I was making some more when he moved my head down, telling me 'not to waste it'. And I found myself licking my daughters tiny brown star which her cries of passion encouraged him to hold me there until I'd worked the tip of my tongue inside that forbidden hole and brought her to another shuddering climax.

Becca took eight of those thick veiny inches on her first attempt for fifteen minutes of slow burn fucking. How many times she came she couldn't remember, all she remembered was him carrying her to bed later and having one of the best nights sleep ever.

As for me, I was ready and willing as soon as he reappeared in the doorway, and he complimented me on my daughter and her underwear ploy and micro skirt. As he said later, it became clear as soon as he'd got to the pub and he immediately called another cab to get at our desperate weeping pussies.

I am quite proud of myself to say that I took nine inches of that thick monster on my first time, my orgasm beginning as he entered and still buzzing through me as he carried me to my daughter, both my pussy and tummy loaded with his thick love seed and we curled up in each others arms. 

And he didn't split us in half, and we both came back for more, so that's showed that big titted slut next door, who I am very happy to report has been getting a little less action of late as two tiny ladies not a million miles from her front door; do their best to milk her guy of as much of his wonderful thick spunk as we can manage. 

I can only wonder what will go through her mind in six months time when Becca's baby arrives in her maternity ward with its long limbs and long thick cock on it, because surely it couldn't be Rod's. I mean, He'd split us in half with his thing, Wouldn't he?