 It was New Year's Eve and it was time for the nineteen year-old girl known to many online chatters as Dirtyslut to get off the plane that just landed at Newark Airport in New Jersey. Dirtyslut was a brunette with full sexy lips, larger than average breasts, and a nice full ass. She was wearing white fur boots with a matching fur hat, blue jeans, and a mid-length white button up jacket to combat the cold of early Winter. She had a carry-on bag, not expecting to need much as her stay wasn't planned to be that long.

She had been making fast friends with a group of people on one of the many online chat sites and had been offered the chance to come down to New York City to meet one of them. She felt comfortable with him and jumped at the chance for a paid vacation during the holidays. There was also the promise of sex, and there was some pressure to live up to her handle at the chat site.

Dirtyslut exited the terminal and proceeded down to the baggage claim area, hoping to see her friend there. She had never actually seen his face on camera, but he knew her appearance and thay had planned a spot to meet. She gazed across the group of limo drivers and other people waiting for passengers as she came down the last flight stairs. She immediately noticed a sign in one of the driver's hands that read 'Dirtyslut.' She could only smirk as she approached the driver and said that she was Dirtyslut. The driver returned her smirk and offered to take her bag,

which she declined, and then led her outside to the parking garage.

He led Dirtyslut up to a large black limosine and prior to opening the door, handed her a blindfold. 'Courtesy of your host, ma'am. Please put this on.' Dirtyslut removed her hat, obliged and then heard the limo door open for her. A hand reached out and led her down and inside the limo. She was directed to a seat and then felt a rush of air as the door closed 

and all became silent in the back. Then she felt two hands placed on her thighs, just above her knees. They slowly inched their way upwards, thumbs angled down between her legs. The thumbs brushed up the front of her crotch and continued to rise, moving up the front of her jacket, across her breasts and up near her throat. She felt the buttons of her jacket being released, exposing the sexy red corset she had purchased for the holiday occasion, followed by the hands grabbing her wrists and raising them above her head. She felt one of the seat belts being wrapped around her wrists, holding her arms high above her head. With her jacket wide open and hands tied firmly, the hands moved down to undo her jeans. She felt her zipper lower and then lifted her hips off the seat to allow her faceless host the opportunity to pull her pants off. 

With pants now on the floor and her shaved pussy exposed, she felt hot breath on her inner thighs as her host first started low and then moved closer and closer to the junction of her now spread legs. She felt hands grab her tits firmly as a warm mouth covered her clit entirely, first nibbling lightly, then flicking with a strong tongue. Dirtyslut could feel the juices start to flow across the wet tongue of her host and wanted desparately to reach down to hold the head tightly against her crotch, as she began moaning lightly at the wonderful feel of heat and moisture between her legs.

The limo drove onwards with Dirtyslut's pussy being eaten when she felt one of the hands lower the fabric of the corset covering her right breast. Then, to her confusion, another tongue began licking her right nipple. There were two people in the back of the limo! She started to moan louder now and felt her body getting very hot as the person between her legs expertly ate her out and added two fingers to the mix, probing her now drenched pussy. Dirtyslut was being finger-fucked, eaten out, and having her nipples alternately sucked as the limo pulled to a stop outside an unknown destination. The two people working her over continued with their tongues until they felt Dirtyslut tense and release her built up orgasm, soaking the leather seat she was sitting on and the fingers inside her. The tongues pulled away and she felt the unknown hands fixing her corset and buttoning her jacket. They did not, however, help her with her pants and it now looked as if she was wearing an entirely short mini-skirt under her mid-length jacket to those that could see her.

Her hands were untied from the seat belt and then she felt the blindfold being removed from her head. She was both shocked and surprised

to see the two girls sitting in the back of the limo with her. The one sitting next to her who had undoubtedly been working on her nipples was a supremely hot and tall blond that she knew under the handle of young goddess. The girl on her knees and between her legs on the limo's floor 

was a 5'10" brunette she knew as bellangel from the site. Her host had also flown these two bisexual hotties in for the occasion but

failed to inform her. Goddess shifted and opened the limo door, stepping out into the cool night air, handing the blindfold back to the driver.

Dirtyslut grabbed her carry-on bag, which now contained her jeans and shifted to exit the limo, certainly flashing her pussy to the driver 

as she went to stand up. Then Bella exited last and joined the other two, grabbing Dirtyslut's hand and smiling broadly.

The girls led Dirtyslut inside, through the marble-floor covered lobby, drawing the attention of every single man in the place and a few of 

the women as well. They approached the elevator and waited patiently for the doors to open. They stepped across the threshold and Bella selected a floor. As she did so, Goddess stepped in front of Dirtyslut and began to unbutton her jacket again. Dirty hoped it was only to show her nice breasts, but Goddess undid it all the way down, exposing the red corset and the fact that Dirty was without pants, and pubic hair for that matter. The elevator came to a stop on the twelfth floor and when the doors opened, a young couple stood frozen at the shocking site before them as the two tall girls and the half-naked one exited the elevator, Bella pulling Dirty out by her hand. Dirty just stared down at her feet as she exited and was further humiliated to see a room service guy walk past them down the hallway. They finally got to a room and Goddess pulled out a swipe key from her cleavage. She opened the door and entered into an extremely large room with couches that faced a TV, a mini bar off to the side, and a ottoman in the middle of everything. Goddess led Dirty over to the ottoman and Bella came up behind her to remove her jacket. Bella took the jacket and Dirty's bag into one of the back rooms to the huge suite

that Dirty now realized she was in.

Goddess pulled her forward, up onto the soft ottoman and on her knees. She then slid around behind her and removed handcuffs from her own jacket pocket. She took Dirty's right wrist and cuffed it, then the same with the left so that Dirty was in her cute white fur boots, hats, red corset on the ottoman with her hands cuffed behind her. Goddess then went over to the bar and began to fix herself a drink as Bella returned from the back with what Dirty assumed was her host. Indeed, the bodily proportions were right, tall and lean with dark jeans and low-cut t-shirt. The host approached Dirty on the ottoman and ran his hands along her bare ass, savoring the soft naked flesh. Then circled around the front, moving his hands up the corset, across her breasts and reached behind her neck to grasp her hair. He came closer and kissed her firmly, immediately separating her lips with his. He pulled away after a few moments and went over to the bar where Goddess had also fixed him a drink. He moved right between her legs as he took the glass she offered. She wrapped her legs around him as he drank and then Dirty watched as he also leaned down and kissed Goddess passionately. As this scene unfolded, Dirty felt Bella move up behind her on the ottoman and hands come around her waist, landing softly on her breasts. Bella lightly caressed Dirty's nipples as they both watched Goddess and their host in a heated make-out session at the bar.

A few minutes passed before they broke their embrace and her host immediately came back over to the ottoman, unzipping his pants and pulling out his now rock-hard cock. He reached up and pulled Dirty's mouth down, holding her shoulders with one hand and the back her head with the other as Dirty's awaiting mouth engulfed the head of his cock. Dirty felt one of Bella's hands on her ass as she started to be face-fucked by her host, then another hand slip between her legs and start massaging her pussy. Dirty could feel the heat start to rise in her body as she again got double-teamed on this night. She focused on the keeping her mouth open for her host as he slowed down to let Dirty do the work on his cock and she obliged by circling the head with her tongue, then pulling back to move her head down to lick and suck his balls. She continued this for a few moments, then went back to the tip, circling it, then bobbing on his cock for a short time. 

She could hear him begin to praise her skills just as she felt the tip of a cock press against the opening of her pussy. Bella now had on her strap-on dildo she was continually bragging about on the chat site. She eased the nine-inch dildo into Dirty's waiting pussy and began to fuck her slowly as Dirty continued to work on the cock in her hungry mouth. Dirty looked up into the eyes of her host as she worked on his cock and started to moan as Bella picked up her pace from behind, slamming her hard, making her luscious ass cheeks ripple with every thrust. From behind her host, Goddess had come forward and was wrapping her hands around his chest, pulling off his shirt and rubbing his nipples. She continued to play with his body, sliding his jeans and boxer briefs down, helping step out of them until her host was naked in front of them both. Goddess then moved 

around the front and joined in with Dirty, sucking on the host's balls while Dirty circled the smooth cock head. Then they would switch off, Goddess sucking while Dirty worked on the balls, their host with a hand on each of their heads.

Goddess then shifted to Dirty, pressing her soft lips against hers, a finger-nailed hand raising to squeeze her corset-covered breasts. Her host had shifted as well and Dirty felt Bella pull the nine-incher out of now drenched and widened pussy. She felt Bella's fingernails on her ass, spreading her cheeks and then a warm cock replace the cold plastic of Bella's dildo. She also felt hands move up her back and grab her hair, pulling her head back and away from Goddess. She felt the cock of her host slam into her, his balls smacking her clit hard as he drove deep inside her. As she got pummeled from behind, Goddess shifted in front of her, reaching up and pulling down her own red lace panties. She then pulled up her miniskirt and threw a leg up on the ottoman so that Dirty's mouth was next to her pussy. She moved forward the extra inches until Dirty's mouth had no alternative but to be on her pussy and Dirty used her tongue to lick her clitoris obediently. Dirty's pussy was soaking wet as she had become a fuckslave to these three people she had come to know online. Bella was now playing with Dirty's nipples on top of her being fucked and eating pussy, adding to the pleasure she was feeling. 

Dirty continued to get jackhammered from behind and could feel herself on the edge of an orgasm. Bella sensed this also and reach down between her legs and started to rub her clit as she took thrust after thrust from her host. That was all Dirty could take as she came, hard as her hosts cock buried itself deep inside her and held there, waiting for her body to stop its spasms. Goddess back away and her host released her hair, allowing her head to drop down to the ottoman, putting her in a face down, ass up position on the ottoman. Goddess moved back and onto one of the couches, sitting down and spreading her legs. Dirty looked up to see her host move over to the couch and kneel next to Goddess, offering his moistened cock to her now waiting mouth. Goddess took him in, sucking on Dirty's juices hungrily as Bella also approached the couch and dropped down between Goddess' opened legs. Bella began licking her pussy while Goddess sucked 

her host off.

It was at this moment that Dirty felt something moist in the crack of her ass and a hand against the middle of her back, keeping her down. She felt feet straddle either side of the ottoman where where legs were and realized that a fifth person had come from the back of the suite. He had lubed up her ass unexpectedly and was in prime position to fuck her also. She felt the tip of a cock move up against her virgin asshole and now was certain that this was Boris from their chat site. She had promised him he could assfuck her and her host had obviously provided the opportunity as she was on her knees, bent over and cuffed on the ottoman somewhere in the New York City area.

Boris slowly eased his cock inside Dirty as she continued to watch the cock sucking and pussy eating display in front of her. The cock sucking display was watching her back as she grimaced with pain as more and more of Boris' cock entered her tight little ass. Once Boris was completely inside, she watched as Goddess and her host shifted on the couch so that Goddess was reverse-cowgirling him, Bella still licking her moistened pussy subserviently. Dirty felt Boris begin his full-length thrusts into her now stretched out ass and felt her pussy getting hot again as she was aware of the third person to fuck her on this night. 

She had totally become a slut for these people and was loving it. She knew she was living up to her handle and turned to look at Boris. It was at this moment that she saw the laptop set up on the bar and realized that this while session was being broadcast,to every member of their chat site who was currently online. They wouldn't need to boast about the meet up, everyone that cared would know what a dirty slut she really was.

Boris continued to fuck her as she stared at the laptop and asked him to do it hard, hearing Goddess' loud panting in front of her as her sopping pussy got double attention from Bella and her host. Long moments passed as she felt Boris pick up his pace and eventually bury his long cock inside her, flooding her ass with his hot cum. Shortly thereafter, she heard her host moan loudly and do the same with Goddess as she stayed impaled on his cock, leaning back and letting her beautiful breasts lay exposed to Bella, Boris, and Dirty. Bella continued to lick around Goddess' pussy, taking in the mix of cum from both her and her host.

Dirtyslut then came to realize that this Friday evening was only the first night of their adventure and that she wasn't schedule to leave until Sunday morning. Her moist pussy tingled slightly at the thought and she smiled broadly knowing there would be more to cum, literally....