 This is the first in a series of true stories about my first bisexual experience. It starts a little slow as I wanted to provide the context. But the next stories in the series will get to the action much quicker. I hope you enjoy!

*

I graduated from an Ivy League school in the summer of 2006. Contrary to popular opinion, not everyone at Ivy League schools is rich. My school guaranteed to provide enough financial aid to meet everyone's needs, so my school was actually literally affordable to EVERYONE, no matter how rich or poor. The result was that while there were definitely a number of very rich kids, there were way more kids who came from middle class or even poor backgrounds.

The result was that after graduation, everyone typically did one of three things: those who were rich went backpacking across Europe, those who were middle class went on road trips across the US, and those who were poor went straight to work.

I was in the middle. Through a combination of financial aid and support from my parents, I graduated with no debt. But I was also responsible for all of my personal expenses since starting high school so any traveling would be up to me to fund. Fortunately, I got a great consulting job that provided me with a $5,000 signing bonus that I decided to invest in a once-in-a-lifetime post-college adventure. 

I didn't want to follow the crowd and wanted a real adventure, so I decided to travel over land across Africa, taking the common travelers route from Kenya down to Cape Town, South Africa over 8 weeks. I couldn't find anyone willing to join me, so I decided to travel alone.

The trip was fantastic. I met fellow travelers all along the way - some solo travelers and some groups. It was in Zanzibar - a beautiful island off the coast of Tanzania - that my life changed.

I took the ferry over to Zanzibar, where I joined an organized tour that would spend half the day touring a spice plantation and half the day snorkeling. There were about a dozen people on the tour with me, including a couple Australia (Aussie's LOVE to travel and I met them all across Africa).

Jon and Sandy were in their mid-50s. They had both aged well. They were clearly older in a way that was very attractive, but they retained a youthful spirit. Jon had short cut salt and pepper hair and Sandy had shoulder-length blonde hair. Both were fit, with Jon being about 6' 180 lbs and Sandy being a very petite 5'2" and maybe 115 lbs. They both had nicely toned arms and legs that showed they led an active lifestyle and Sandy had an incredible set of tits that made it hard to talk to her without feeling like I was staring - especially since her nipples seemed to be permanently making themselves known through her tight-fitting white tank top with a black bra underneath.

Oh, and as for me, I am a lead 6'2" tall and 170 lbs. I have brown hair and brown eyes and have dated some very attractive women, so I imagine I am not too bad myself, though I am also not the first guy girls will notice in a crowded room.

Without getting bogged down in the details, I got to know Jon and Sandy throughout the course of the day. Things just seemed to click with them. At the end of the day, they invited me to dinner, which I gladly accepted. 

After a nice seafood dinner we walked along the road to an area that had a few bars located right on the beach. We found a few benches next to a fire pit on the beach that was near enough the rest of the crowd to feel the energy of the place, but far enough to have a private conversation without shouting to each other. It was a pretty amazing location.

Jon and Sandy sat on the bench seat across from me and I went to get drinks, bringing back a beer and a shot for each of us.

After we finished our beer, Jon and Sandy offered to get the next round. I could see Sandy looking back at me and giggling as Jon whispered in her ear. I couldn't help but find her sexy and I loved staring at her toned legs, tight ass, and firm, C-cup tits.

They returned with tequila shots, complete with limes and salt. I took my tequila shot and offered a "cheers." Sandy respond, "Joe, that's not how you take a tequila shot. Jon, show Joe how to take a tequila shot."

Jon walked up to Sandy, bent down, and slowly licked the top of her breast. He then shook a little salt on the wet part. Sandy closed her eyes and let out a little moan as he did this. Sandy bit down on her wedge of lime and Jon then licked the salt from her cleavage, downed his shot, and leaned in to take the lime from Sandy's mouth. They shared a passionate kiss and Jon wrestled the lime from Sandy. I would see his hand firmly on her ass, pulling her into him.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Jon and Sandy had been a little flirtatious, but this was just outright sexy. I could feel my cock twitching as I stared at the two and began to worry that they would soon be able to see the bulge growing in my shorts.

Sandy and Jon both turned and looked at me. Jon was the first to say anything: "Now you know how to take a tequila shot. Your turn to try."

At this point, Sandy stepped closer to me, standing to that our bodies were pressing together and her leg was positioned between mine, applying pressure to my semi-erect cock. Within seconds, my cock was fully hard as Sandy just barely moved her leg back and forth, keeping the pressure firmly on my cock. Sandy was looking up at me, offering me the salt shaker.

"You know what to do, don't you? Don't be shy, Joe. We're all friends." Sandy wrapped her arms around my waiste, leaned back, presenting her cleavage to me. I glanced at Jon. He smiled and winked.

I leaned down and slowly licked the top of Sandy's firm tit, exactly where Jon had. I remember it crossing my mind that I was licking Sandy exactly where Jon had and finding that strangly arousing.

I poured some salt on the wet spot, placed me lime in Sandy's mouth, leaned down, and licked the salt. I took my shot and then leaned in. Sandy squeezed my ass hard with one hand while pulling my face to her hard with the other. I grabbed the lime with me teeth and sucked for a second as Sandy's mouth covered mine. She reached with one hand and pulled the lime from my mouth and then pressed her lips back against mine, kissing me deeply. Without thinking, my right hand slid down to her tight ass, squeezed and pulled her body into mine.

After a few seconds, we parted and Sandy took a small step back from me.

"It looks like Joe is enjoying himself, Jon," said Sandy as she reached out and squeezed my now obvious erection through my shorts. The sensation sent chills through my body.

"I'm sorry, Jon, I didn't mean to. That was just really sex."

"Joe, I would be disappointed if you weren't turned on by my sexy wife," responded Jon.

"Ya, I think Jon is enjoying this as much as you are, Joe. Why don't you see for yourself?" As she said this, Sandy grabbed my hand and slowly by determinedly placed it over Jon's crotch, pressing my hand into his hard cock.

It happened so slow, but it seemed to happen so quick. I was stunned and didn't know how to react. I had at times fantasized about being with a guy before. I had always wondered what it would be like to wrap my lips around a cock or feel a cock spraying cum into my mouth. But I had never actually felt sexually attracted to a man in person. Now I was standing here with a beautiful older woman pressing my hand into her husband's cock. I was mesmerized by the experience and couldn't help but close my hand around Jon's penis, feeling another man for the first time.

"Why don't you join as back our our room?" asked Sandy with a mischevious smile on her face. She was still holding my cock, slowly squeezing and releasing and, as she said this, she grabbed my balls and cock together and gave a nice squeeze while pulling down.

"OK" was all I could manage. Sandy grabbed my hand and began leading me back to their room. A million thoughts raced through my mind during the short walk to the hotel. But the combination of alchohol, Sandy's incredible body and sensual demeanour, and the knowledge that no one would ever know what happened that night gave me the courage to decide to just let my guard down and allow Jon and Sandy to control the night.

We got back to their room and Sandy led me straight over to the bed. She pulled me close to her, slid her hand down my pants and grabbed my cock. She nibbled on my ear, tugging it with her teeth. Then she said, "Joe, Jon and I discussed and we decided that tonight is going to be a special night for you. Just do exactly as I say and I promise this will be the most amazing night of your life so far. Now take your clothes off for me so that I Jon and I can taste that hard cock of yours. It looks like it needs some relief."

I did exactly as she said. I slid my shirt off, unbuttoned my shorts, reached into my waisteband and slid my boxers and shorts down at once, freeing my cock to the warm air.

Jon was now standing beside Sandy and they each pushed me so that I was sitting on the bed with my feet on the floor. They turned to each other and kissed passionately. "I can't wait to see you sucking his young cock, Jon."

At that, Jon and Sandy slid down to their knees. Sandy took my cock in her hand, leaned forward and lightly licked the tip, a trail of my precum extending between her tongue and my cock for a second as she pulled away. "Tastes nice. Why don't you give it a try?"

Jon leaned forward and swirled his tongue around the head of my cock. Watching a man lick my cock was such an unexpected and erotic feeling that I was worried I would come right away. But Sandy had a firm grip around my cock and balls.

Sandy leaned in and, together, they began licking and kissing and sucking up and down my shaft. Sandy went lower and began sucking on my balls while Jon all of a sudden began bobbing his head up and down on my cock.

I had received blow jobs before, but only from tentative college girls who didn't know what they were doing. Jon was clearly an expert. He sucked hard as he pulled up and swirled his tongue around my cock as he got to the tip before plunging back down, taking my 6.5" all the way into his mouth.

With Sandy sucking on my balls and Jon sucking my cock, I knew I wouldn't last long. The pressure began to build quickly. My legs tensed and my cock began to twitch.

"Oh, baby, are you going to cum? I know you're going to cum, baby. Cum for us. Cum all over Jon's mouth. Cum down his throat, baby. I want to taste your sweet seed on my hubbies lips."

Sandy's words pushed me over the edge as I came like I had never cum before. I shot stream after stream of my fluids into Jon's mouth. Jon didn't swallow, but kept sucking my sensitive cock with my cum filling his mouth. I lay back on the bed, exhausted.

Jon and Sandy joined me on the bed and began kissing directly over me, sharing my cum right in front of me. 

"Mmmmm, you taste so good baby. Have you ever tasted yourself? I know you have. I can tell. I an tell you like the idea of a mouth full of cum, don't you Joe?" I slowly nodded my head.

"How selfish of us." Sandy leaned down and began exploring my mouth with her tongue. I could taste my salty fluids on her lips and tongue and I loved it. Jon leaned in and Sandy pulled away. At this point, I just let go. I was so incredibly aroused. My cock was already hard again. And I knew that I was about to have the most incredible night ever. I was full of lust and full of desire to do everything I could to make Jon and Sandy happy. To give them the kind of pleasure they had given me.

As Jon leaned in, I grabbed his head and pulled his lips to mine. I kissed him hard and deep, exploring every inch of his mouth and tongue, sucking every trace of my cum that I could find.

Jon pulled away. "Wow. You were right, Sandy. This is going to be an amazing night."

To be continued...