 Gina stood there looking at Lynn who was innocently playing with the jewelry between her thighs. 

I was looking at Gina, admiring this redheaded beauty. She was roughly the same height as Lynn but her auburn hair hung all the way down to her butt. She was wearing a pair of black yoga pants and a black sports bra that was struggling to contain her large breasts. I assumed she was not wearing anything else as she was sporting the most beautiful camel-toe and her nipples were also very evident.

"Is this the same person I had to plead, beg and blackmailed into posing for some sexy photos on vacation. A vacation I might add that was thousands of miles away from where she lives."

Lynn giggled and sighed. "Yeah, that's was me, but after I saw the photos online and Dan showed me how beautiful they were, well, I guess the exhibitionist in me was released and we have enjoyed a very nice weekend exploring the real me."

"Wait, did you say you saw the photos online? You mean they have published them already?"

"Well yeah, we saw them the other evening. I assumed you already knew."

"Do they look okay? I mean, do I look okay?

Lynn and I looked at each other and realized we had been too busy to check on Gina's photos.

"Um, we never got around to looking at yours. Say baby, can she look at them on your computer?

"Sure, but do you want to get cleaned up first?"

Lynn giggled again "I guess I do look like a bit of a cum slut don't I? Let's all meet back at your house in say thirty minutes."

"Okay" I said "I need to clean up too."

Lynn and Gina walked towards her house as I stood watching them go. Lynn's naked booty with the occasional twinkle from her jewelry, made me realize what a lucky bastard I really was. In contrast Gina's tight butt in the yoga pants was also a pleasure to watch.

I went upstairs and turned the shower on. Undressing, I had an idea to maybe get the grill going later so we could have steaks out by the pool. I showered, then put on a t shirt and a pair of swim shorts. I then went downstairs and started up my laptop. I had just got it to the website and started the cast onto the big screen when I heard Lynn call from the front door. 

"I'm in the lounge" I called back.

Lynn and Gina appeared at the door and I had to do a double take. Lynn was wearing exactly the same as Gina. Her camel toe was just as evident although her breasts weren't fighting to get out of the bra, her nipples were just as hard.

Lynn was carrying a small box and when I glanced at it she put it to one side and smiled.

"That is a little gift for you for later but we are going to have to do some preparation work first."

"Okay well I have the website up, do you want to see them privately first?"

Gina sat herself next to me.

"No, please stay. You can give us your opinion of my bikinis and Lynn's photographic skills."

"Well your photographic skill was impressive when you shot those of Lynn. You managed to capture her innocence as well as her raging sexuality."

"Why thank you sir. That is a very nice comment. It was exactly what I was trying to achieve."

"Really? said Lynn as she came and sat on the other side of me. "I thought you were just trying to expose me to as many people as possible. 

I chuckled "Well she certainly achieved that. Shall we see what Gina's pictures have come out like?"

They simultaneously said yes and then Lynn whispered in my ear. "If you thought my pictures were hot, you are going to be blown away by these. She loves to show every bit of herself. It's a wonder she hasn't stripped off for you already."

I gulped as I clicked the button and started the slideshow going.

The first couple of shots were Gina leaning against the same tree Lynn had been. She was wearing a very small black string bikini which consisted of three very small triangles of material connected by a very thin string. The bikini top barely covered her nipples and most of her areola was visible. Her bottoms only just covered her shaved slit. I was beginning to worry if I could get through this show without tenting out the rather unrestricted shorts I was wearing. These shorts had just a mesh liner that acted as underwear, but were not strong enough to keep an erection down.

The next shot was from behind and looking up from her feet to her butt. It highlighted the firm toned lines of her legs and brought you up to the point where the tiny piece of material joined the string before it disappeared between her firm cheeks. It did not hide anything, including the faint hint of wetness at the rear of her lips.

"Oh my" Gina said softly, "I remember feeling horny when you took these but I didn't realize you had caught it on camera."

"Didn't you check these pictures before sending them to the website? I asked.

"No, we didn't have a computer with us, so we connected the sd card to my phone and sent them in that way. We kind of wanted it all to be a surprise."

Lynn coughed and then said. "Well it was certainly a surprise for Dan, although I never did ask you how you came to be on this site in the first place."

I looked at her sheepishly and mumbled. "This site beats any of the porn sites for getting off."

Lynn slipped her hand onto my groin and giggled "Well you don't have to worry about that anymore baby."

She gently squeezed my hard on and I couldn't help let out a small moan.

Gina looked down and giggled. "Can you two cool it for just a little while so I can enjoy my pictures and also enjoy that stiffy Dan has in his shorts.

I gulped.

They both laughed.

The next few shots didn't help either. They were progressive shots of Gina removing her top. The camera was following her up the beach so all we saw was the side of her voluptuous breasts. Then the final shot was taken from the front with her stretching her arms above her head. This caused her breasts to jut out and show her very erect nipples.

The next couple of shots were here on her hands and knees, her breasts hanging down, covered in sand as if she had been lying on her front. 

The next shot caused me to catch my breath. It was shot from the rear at close range. Her bikini bottom had been eaten by her pussy and wetness covered her lips and inner thighs. She was also wearing a clit ring that had slipped out of the side.

"I remember that shot." said Lynn

"So do I" said Gina "I was so close to coming at that point, knowing all those people on the beach were watching us. 

The next shot left nothing to the imagination. Gina was standing in knee deep water and her bikini bottoms were floating on the water around her knees. Her beautiful ass now glisten from the water. The next shot she had turned to face the camera and it was an amazing sight. Her head was raised to the sky her eyes were closed, one hand was cupping a breast and pinching the nipple, the other hand was between her thighs.

"Sweety, that was an beautiful orgasm to watch" Lynn whispered.

"It was probably one of the most intense orgasms I have ever had." Gina replied.

By this time I was in a very uncomfortable position. Lynn still had her hand on my bulge and there was no way I could move from that spot without showing both of them how freaking horny I was. I just hoped I could get through the rest of the show without blowing my load in my shorts.

The next few shots did not help. They showed Gina rolling around in the sand, playing with her nipples and pussy. Thrusting her ass at the camera and spreading her ass cheeks. Lynn continued to gently massage my hard on. Was this little minx trying to get me to shoot my load?

Then I happened to glance towards Gina and she was gently stroking her pussy through the tight material. The slideshow finally finished with a surprise shot of both Gina and Lynn in a selfie. Their arms were around each other and their breasts were pressed together. They weren't smiling for the camera, but facing and tonguing each other.

I sat back in sofa and they both turned and smiled at me, then leaned in and kissed one another. I just mumbled "Oh fuck"

Lynn looked at me and said in a husky voice. "Would you like that baby? Would you like to play with us both?"

"Are you both sure about this?" I asked.

Gina nodded with a lusty smile. Lynn replied. "Baby we have a proposition for you later but for now, yes we would both like you to fuck us. So how about you take us upstairs strip us out of these rather wet pants and show Gina what I've been enjoying this weekend.

I stood up and didn't mind one bit that my cock was standing straight out from my body. I slipped my hand inside my shorts and tried to point it up but it refused to budge. The girls came to me and I slipped my arms around them and led them upstairs. Both of them had slipped their hands down the back of my shorts and were softly caressing my ass.

When we reached the bedroom I turned and kissed Lynn probing her lips and mouth with my tongue. She moaned when I slipped her bra up off her tits and started to play with her nipples.

Meanwhile, Gina had moved in close and was sliding my shorts down and struggling to get the waistband over my very hard cock. Eventually she did it and started to softly stroke my shaft. I turned to her and repeated what I had done with Lynn, only this time I spent more time playing with her large breasts, squeezing them and then lifting them. 

Lynn had moved behind me and was stroking my butt and letting her fingers trail down between my legs to cup my balls. 

I slipped my fingers in the waistband of Gina's leggings and started to ease them down her thighs. I felt my cock spring up between her thighs and bang against her pussy lips. She let out a small gasp and I leaned in and took one of her nipples in my mouth and sucked hard on it.

"Oh fuck yes, suck it hard."

Meanwhile Lynn had moved down and finished removing Gina's pants. She was now stroking my shaft and teasing Gina's pussy with it. She remained behind me and started to kiss and lick my ass. Her other hand was caressing my balls and her thumb had worked its way up to my butt-hole. 

I could feel how wet Gina was and decided I needed more of that. I gently pushed her onto the bed and spread her thighs wide apart. She began squeezing her own tits as I sank between her thighs and started to lap the juices from her pussy. I moved up and sucked hard on her clit. She had a small dumbbell piercing in the hood that I gently pulled with my teeth. She moaned and juddered. 

I felt movement on the bed and looked up briefly. Lynn had removed her pants and was squat over Gina's face. It was a sight to behold as Lynn slowly lowered her pussy down to Gina. Gina reached up with her tongue to welcome her friend's pussy.

Lynn moaned and gasped before saying "Baby I want you to fuck Gina just as hard as you fucked me this afternoon. She is my best friend and she deserves a beautiful cock like yours."

I moved up and we met in the middle and I kissed her passionately and deeply. She licked Gina's juices from my chin as I reached down and positioned my cock at the entrance to Gina's pussy. I kissed Lynn once again as I drove my hard cock deep into Gina. Gina moaned into Lynn's pussy which in turn caused Lynn to shudder.

Gina wrapped her legs around my waist and dug her heels into my ass. I drove hard into her again and again. She busied herself with Lynn's pussy and sucked hard on her clit. I leaned down and began nibbling and pulling on Lynn's nipple. She started to moan and her breathing became heavy. Suddenly she cried out and stiffened before starting to convulse. Gina sensed it was coming and slipped a couple of fingers in her pussy as she sucked and nibbled on her clit.

Lynn released the floodgates and drenched Gina's face with her cum. Eventually she rolled off and watched as I pounded Gina, almost lifting her ass of the bed with each thrust. She looked up at me with fire in her eyes.

"Yes, yes, fuck me hard! Pound my pussy. So close!"

She suddenly thrust her ass up and pushed her pussy hard into me. She gripped my wrists and she began to convulse, soaking my groin and balls with her juices.

Slowly, she came down from her ecstasy and released me from her grip. I grabbed Lynn's ankle and dragged her across the bed towards me. She turned and got on all fours before pushing her pouting pussy back towards me. 

"Fill me up baby, I want your hot cum deep inside me."

I plunged into her without warning and she called out as my cock hit her cervix. I knew I wasn't going to last very long but I wanted her to enjoy it too.

I slapped her ass cheeks as I drove my cock again and again into her. 

"Oh fuck! Yes fuck your little cum slut baby!"

Gina moved under her and started to suck her nipples.

I gave her a couple more slaps on the ass. Her skin was beginning to glow and show hand prints. I started to play with her little rosebud. He pussy supplied enough lubricant for me to press my thumb inside her. She moaned and I held it still for a moment while she got used to the intrusion. Then she began to push against my thumb, encouraging me to fuck her ass while my cock pounded her pussy.

"Oh fuck, I'm going to come baby. I can't hold it any longer!"

Her pussy clamped down hard on my shaft and she began to shudder. I suddenly felt wetness on my thighs and realized she had just squirted. That was all I needed to fly over the edge and I began to pump hot thick sperm deep inside her pussy.

I finally collapsed on the bed after withdrawing from her well fucked pussy. I watched as Gina moved between Lynn's thigh and began to lap up our combined juices that were spilling out of Lynn's pussy. Lynn just lay there making quiet mewing noises as her friend cleaned her out. Gina then turned her attention to me and licked all down my now limp shaft, all around my balls and even up between my ass cheeks.

She then came and joined us on the bed. I lay between them as they both snuggled into me and rested their hands either side of my cock. It wasn't long before we were all sleeping soundly.