 I woke in an empty bed to the sound of water running in the bathroom. I stumbled out of bed and walked into the bathroom. What I saw held me spellbound. Lynn and Gina were stood under the shower, the water running off their glistening bodies. They were softly kissing with their breasts pressed together. Each had a hand between the other one's thighs and was caressing the clit. 

I stood and watched them while I began to stroke my already hard cock. This was so sensual after the hot lusty sex we had all participated in recently. This was a special moment between two long time friends that I didn't want to interrupt.

They were both softly moaning and sighing and it seemed they were reading each other's reaction so that after several minutes the moaning became more intense and they suddenly both began to gasp and convulse, holding each other tightly. Eventually the orgasms subsided and they kissed each other with sense of love that no man would ever break.

They suddenly realized i was standing there with my aching cock in my hand. They smiled and beckoned me in to join them. I stepped in and took them both around the waist and kissed them in turn.

"Girls, that was probably the most beautiful thing I have ever seen."

They both reached up and kissed the sides of my mouth and then kissed each other. They both then knelt down and began licking and kissing my shaft. Gina cupped my balls and began to gently massage them. Lynn slipped her fingers between my butt cheeks and began to tease my butthole. They joined their lips over the end of my cock and began to flick their tongues over the rim. I wasn't going to last very long and then I felt Lynn's finger push inside my butthole. I tensed momentarily but slowly I relaxed, helped by Gina's fingers on my balls. My breathing became labored and Gina took the cue to take me deep into her mouth just as I shot what seemed like an immense load of hot cum into her mouth. She milked me dry and then turned to Lynn and kissed her, sharing my thick cream with her. They both looked up at me with their tongues full of cum before swallowing it all. 

Lynn still had her finger inside me and she grinned as she pushed gently against my prostate. I groaned and thought I was going to cum again but she slowly slipped out.

"Did you like that baby?"

"Mmm" was all I could reply. I was suddenly aware that I was one very lucky bastard.

Lynn and Gina stood up and hugged me then Lynn suddenly exclaimed.

"We need to prepare you for your gift!"

"What is the gift?" I asked.

"Oh, you'll see soon enough, but first we are going to remove all this fuzz down here." She said as she ran her fingers through my pubic hairs.

I kept myself fairly closely trimmed but apparently, for what they had in store that wasn't enough. I was a little concerned about how they were going to remove it.

First, Gina produced a small trimmer, similar to what I used to trim my beard whenever I grew it. She carefully worked it over the area and worked it down over my ball sack.

Once she had reduced it all down to a stubble, Lynn led me into the bedroom where she had laid a towel on the bed. 

"Lay down on your back please."

I did as I was told and she proceed to spread a cream all over my pubic region.

"Baby turn over and get on your hands and knees."

I did as commanded and gina spread my ass cheeks as Lynn continued to apply more cream up between my cheeks.

"Okay, stay there for a while and we will be right back."

I felt a little stupid on my hands and knees with my nether region covered in a strange cream. What did they have in store for me?

Eventually they returned with the box they had brought with them the previous evening. Lynn then proceeded to scrape all the hair away with what looked like a plastic razor. The hair just came away leaving me completely hairless. 

I was about to feel myself when Gine slapped my hand away and began to gently rub another cream into my now bare skin. This was a beautiful feeling as the cream had a warming ingredient, making me glow from the base of my shaft, all over my scrotum and up between my ass cheeks. 

I realized this cream was also a lubricant because when I eventually got to feel myself the skin was very slippery. Even with my own fingertips caressing my balls, it felt so good. Gina pulled my hand away and started to caress my balls and then slipped a finger up between my butt cheeks. It felt so sensual and my skin seemed so sensitive. 

Lynn brought the box over and sat by my side. Gina knelt at my feet, smiling sweetly.

"Baby, it is time for your gift. As you know we both like to wear jewelry which gives us a beautiful feeling whenever we wear them. We have decided you should experience some of the fun too." 

She then took a metal object out of the box that consisted of two silver rings joined together at one point. 

"This is for you to wear when we fuck. It is meant to make you bigger and harder and also to help you stay longer. You mustn't wear it for too long as it controls the blood flow to your beautiful cock."

"Okay, call me naive but how do you get it on?"

Gina giggled and then said "I thought you would never ask."

Lynn took hold of my shaft and slid one of the rings down it. I then realized the other ring would go around the base of my scrotum, but how?

Gina then gently took my balls and carefully slipped them one at a time through the ring. She then snugged it up against the base of my ball sack and sat back to admire her work. 

Meanwhile Lynn had been making sure the other ring fitted snug at the base of my cock while she slowly stroked it.

As I got harder I could feel the rings getting tighter. The more the shaft ring constrained me the tighter the scrotum ring became. The cock ring seemed to allow blood to flow up my shaft but restricted it from leaving. My shaft was becoming very hard and a lot larger than usual.

Gina was resting her chin on my thigh and she sighed. "That is one beautiful cock you have there sir."

"So what do you suggest I do with it young lady?" I replied.

Before she could answer, Lynn pushed me back on the bed and pounced on me. "You can fuck her brains out, but not before you fuck mine out first!"

With that, she impaled herself on my shaft. "Oh fuck, it's so fucking big inside me and I can feel it throbbing."

She then started to move up and down on it. She was whimpering as she rode the beast and I guessed it wouldn't be long before she came. Sure enough, she suddenly cried out and slammed herself down on it shuddering and flooding my balls with her juices.

Eventually she calmed down and climbed off. It was now Gina's turn and she climbed up on the bed on her hands and knees and said huskily. :Take me from behind Dan and pound it into me please."

I moved in behind her and admired myself before I positioned it between her pussy lips and rammed it hard into her. She cried out "Oh fuck, yes! Push it in deep and hold it there. I want to feel you throb inside me like she did."

I pushed it deep into her and I could feel the tip pushing against her cervix.

"Oh my god that feels so good. Now please fuck me hard. Treat me like your fuck toy."

I started to ram it hard into her as I gripped her thighs. She wanted it like an animal so who was I to argue. Occasionally I slapped her ass cheeks and took a fist of her hair and pulled her head back. 

Suddenly she started to whimper like Lynn had and then she cried out as I felt her pussy muscles clamp hard around my shaft. Fluid then began to splash between us and soon we were covered in her cum.

"Keep fucking me Dan I want to feel you shoot your load inside me!"

I wasn't sure if I was going to come just yet. The ring around my balls seemed to be stopping me at the moment. Lynn then whispered softly in my ear. 

"Baby fuck her as long as you like, but when you are ready to come, let me know and I will help you."

I kissed her, pushing my tongue deep into her mouth. She sucked on my tongue as I continued to pound Gina's pussy.

She had her face pushed against the mattress and she groaned as she came again and again.

I decided she had probably had enough and I nodded to Lynn. She reached under me and began to caress and stroke my balls. It was working. I could feel the pressure rising. Lynn's fingers felt so good on my smooth hairless balls. 

My breathing started to get heavy and my balls began to tighten. With a grunt I shot my first spurt so hard into Gina that I thought it may have hurt her. My second, then third shot were just as hard. I felt her tighten on me as she came again. Eventually, after what seems a long time I began to calm down and my cock began to soften. I slipped out of Gina and collapsed on the bed. She did the same just sliding down onto her belly.

She turned and smiled at me and Lynn and whispered.

"I have never been so wondrously fucked as I just have. I need to sleep now." and with that she closed her eyes and fell asleep.

Lynn snuggled in close and slipped her hand over my balls. I was just about to wimp out when she said.

"Time to take this off baby It can harm you if you keep it on too long." 

With that she gently slipped it off my balls and up my shaft. She then snuggled back into my chest and we both dozed off.

I woke a while later and felt the most exquisite feeling between my thighs. I looked down and Gina was lying between my legs, holding my shaft up out of the way and slowly licking my balls. Every now and then she sucked one of my balls into her mouth and gently sucked it while running her tongue over it. Then she would release it and run her tongue from the base of my butt cheeks to the base of my shaft.

She saw me watching her and she giggled

"I have a little fetish." she said coyly.

"Only one?" I replied

"I just love to lick and suck smooth hairless balls. Please say you will keep them like this."

"Well if I get treated like this, then yes I will. Actually I'm looking forward to feeling what it feels like when I'm dressed.

"Hmm, about that." a voice that had been snuggled into the side of me said.

"We have another gift for you. We bought you some new silk boxers."

"I think I'm going to have a constant erection for a while."

"Mmm that's fine by me." Gina said as she slipped my cock into her mouth and pushed it into her throat. She started to stroke my butthole with her finger and then slowly eased it inside of me. 

Lynn snuggled into me and kissed me, probing my mouth with her tongue. She slowly started to hump my thigh as I cupped her breast and trapped her nipple between my fingers.

Gina's finger against my prostate and the feeling of my cock sliding down her throat was just too much for me. The tension grew and then I was shooting my semen down her throat.

Lynn pushed hard against my thigh and I felt her start to tremble. She cried out softly and I felt her fluids running down my leg. Gina laid my cock on my belly, pushed Lynn onto her back and began to clean her pussy of the juices dripping out of her. 

After a little while Lynn smiled at us both and said. 

"We need to get up and get breakfast. And then we need to talk."

I pulled them both into the shower. After a slow sensual shower, we dried each other off and then dressed. I chose a blue pair of boxers from the package that the girls had bought me. The feeling was smooth and sensual. I was going to enjoy my new hairless condition.

We moved downstairs and collectively prepared breakfast. Waffles, fresh fruit and coffee with two beautiful women dressed in bikini tops and small shorts. Life was good.

"We have something to discuss with you baby, but before we do, we want you to know that there is absolutely no pressure. If you do not want to do what we propose, we will accept your decision and will never mention it again." 

Gina smiled sweetly and nodded her agreement at Lynn's statement. 

"Okay ladies. What is it you want to ask me?" 

Suddenly the air was tense. Whatever it was had them quite nervous.

Lynn started. "Well I don't know if you have noticed but I don't use any birth control. Actually I don't need it because when I was young I became very ill and I had to have a hysterectomy. I can't have children. It was something my husband had a hard time coming to terms with at first and we nearly didn't get married because of it. But he eventually accepted it and we had talked about adopting. Then he died and that was the end of that."

She giggled nervously and said. "I guess I'm your perfect little sex toy."

I looked at her lovingly and whispered. "I'm so sorry Lynn. I never knew that. You would make a beautiful mother."

Gina then cleared her throat. "I, on the other hand am as fertile as they come. Don't worry, I use the pill. Actually I have been thinking of children recently. But As you know, I am single and want to stay that way. My parents had a very bad, and violent marriage and I don't want to repeat it.

But like I said, I would like to have children. I was going to use a sperm bank and choose the donor. 

Recently, things changed. Lynn and myself have been talking about sharing the role of bringing up children. I could give it life and she could give it love. But we still need a father, or at least a sperm donor. 

Dan, we would like you to be the father of our child. You wouldn't have any responsibility if you didn't want it. If you wanted to take the role of father then that is also good. It would grow either way with lots of love."

I was speechless. I was being given the chance to make Gina pregnant. I would have the choice of being the actual father or not. Would I want to be a father? Would I want to just impregnate her and then walk away? Could I even do that? 

"Okay, how would this all work?

Lynn spoke "Gina would move in with me. Actually I have been trying to get her to do that for ages. We would care for the baby together. Both of us can actually work from home so childcare would never be a problem. We want to build a home of love for our child,,, or children."

Gina added "When Lynn introduced us, I asked her all about you. She told me that if I ever wanted the perfect man, the perfect lover and the perfect father for our child, then you were the man for the job. But if you think it's all too weird and you don't want to have anything to do with it, then no hard feelings and I will go back to the donor center."

I pondered over the idea for a little while, as they both sat there nervously. Eventually I spoke.

"I want us to get to know each other a bit more. I suggest Gina and yourself both move in here. If we do go through with it, I would like us all living under one roof anyway. If we find that it's not going to work out then you can both move back into your house. It it works then we can decide what to do with your house later. Let's give it some time and then when we make the choice Gina can then come off the pill."

The girls smiled and jumped up from the table and both landed in my lap. They both then smothered me in kisses.

"Dan, I think we have both fallen in love with you."

"Yes, we love you and will look after you in so many ways. You will not regret your decision."

"Well, I think I love you two as well."