 Excitement was in the air as I drove Ally and Chrissy up to Penny's camp. There was lots of laughter in the car, but when we reached the long dirt road things got quieter. Ally was nearly silent as we drove those final six miles into the deep woods, no doubt contemplating what a weekend long orgy with her daughter and daughter's boyfriend would be like.

Penny was unloading supplies from her Subaru when we pulled in to the parking spot next to her. We were the first guests to arrive. Penny and Chrissy had a big hug and I introduced Penny to Ally. They hit it off immediately, Ally relaxed noticeably, and we all gathered everything up and hiked the half mile trail to the camp. 

When we got there I presented Penny with a gift. On my photo printer I had made a nice professional looking sign that read FIRST ANNUAL AUTUMN ORGY. It had a likeness of the camp with smoke curling out of the chimney, and CAMP HEAVEN, NEW YORK at the bottom in smaller print. Penny absolutely flipped, like a kid at Christmas, and she proudly pinned it up on the front door. 

I gave Ally a quick tour, and then she and Chrissy helped Penny get ready while I got a nice fire going outside in the firepit. 

Johnny showed up next, with his duffel bag and guitar case, and Chrissy introduced him to Ally. Ally seemed a bit shy, but you could tell she was quite taken with him. 

Penny had decided she didn't want anyone using the steep, dangerous ladder to the sleeping loft, so she had Johnny and me bring down the two twin mattresses and some extra blankets and towels she had stored up there, and then she had us carry in the sleeper couch from the porch—it would be too cold to use it out there that time of year. We managed to get all the beds set-up in the relatively small one room cabin. It was a tight squeeze and it would be an intimate night, but that was just what Penny wanted. 

Soon after we got things arranged Nicki and her boyfriend walked in off the trail, with a backpack and a large shoulder slung cooler full of homemade food. Nicki introduced us to Bix. He was a very good looking young guy, with a slim build, a long blonde dreadlock ponytail, a Phish t-shirt, long baggy shorts and sandals. He and Nicki made a perfect couple, and they looked very comfortable together. 

Penny made an announcement to everyone that made my day — Mary was going to be able to make it after all, but not until the following afternoon. "So," she said, "if you see a stunning redhead emerge naked from the forest, you won't be dreaming."

By the time everyone had arrived it was late in the afternoon, and we shared stories and small talk and drinks around a big campfire. The girls broke out some delicious food, and we feasted like kings. It was a spectacular setting, with richly colored fall foliage in its full glory. 

Darkness descends early that time of year, and it quickly got frosty cold. The warmth from the fire wasn't keeping up, so we went inside. Penny had the wood stove going and the little camp was toasty warm. We all took places around the big round table and did shots of tequila. 

After a round of shots Penny took charge. "Why don't we loosen up our clothing and get more comfortable. Open our shirts, take of our pants . . . that might be a good start. We want to ease into the evenings activities." 

There was much commotion and giggling from the girls as we followed her instructions. Ally was the only one without a flannel shirt (it's the Adirondack uniform that time of year), and she completely unzipped the tight sweater jacket she had on, revealing a tiny lacy bra. Penny was bra-less, which I had noticed as soon as we arrived, and she made sure her shirt opened wide but still covered her hard nipples. Nicki was bra-less too, and she looked super sexy in her open shirt and panties, barely hiding her nipples as Penny did. Chrissy's huge handfuls looked particularly fetching, oozing out of a tiny see-through black lace bra, her black and white plaid flannel shirt open all the way down to her black lace panties. A lumberjack's wet-dream for sure. 

Before Johnny threw his pants to the side, he reached in his pocket and pulled out a little plastic bag and poured a bunch of little blue pills on the table. 

"Oooh! Boner pills! Looks like were not going to get much recovery time girls," Penny said. And then in a deep voice she mimicked the TV commercial — "If your erection lasts longer than four hours . . . just fuck me for more than four hours fer chrissakes!" 

She burst out laughing at her own joke, and we all laughed hysterically. Johnny and I both swallowed a little blue pill. Nineteen-year-old Bix would probably do fine on his own.

Penny asked Johnny to play his guitar for us. "Play standing up in the kitchen, like you're playing us a show." 

I turned off the music, and he got his guitar, adjusted the strap and tuning, leaned back against the kitchen counter and started fingerpicking a beautiful slow ballad. It was really lovely. We were all mesmerized as he started singing, and soon we realized it was a song about our time there earlier in the summer, a song about four lovers sharing each other at a secluded mountain cabin. "We laid back in the soft moonlight . . . and gave in to the pleasures . . . of a warm . . . summer night," he sang. 

When it was over Penny was overcome with joy. 

"Johnny that's amazing," she said, and she wiped a tear from her cheek. 

"I told you I was gonna write something," he said. "It's a bit racy for some audiences. I have to pick the right crowd for that one. It's been going over really well though."

Johnny started to take off his guitar when Penny stopped him. "Play somethin' faster, let's kick this party off." 

"GET THIS PARTY STAR-TED!" I whooped, pumping the air above my head with my open hands and looking like a complete dork. 

Everyone laughed at me, and Johnny launched into Michael Jackson's 'Wanna Be Startin' Somethin'. 

"YEAH!" Penny yelled, and she arched her back and slid off her open flannel shirt, finally giving us the full reveal of her lovely naked tits and hard nipples. She slithered off her chair and crawled away from us on her hands and knees toward Johnny, her pussy slightly visible through her thin panties. She looked sexy as hell, and I could sense the collective temperature going up around the table, particularly among the first-timers. The sexual tension was thick.

Penny reached Johnny and pulled down his boxer shorts and sucked his cock into her mouth. There was much whooping from the audience, everyone clearly enjoying the show. When he was fully hard he had to stop singing and just banged out the chords in rhythm to his thrusts into Penny eager mouth. The music fell apart as he came, and we all applauded. He put his guitar down and Penny stood and kissed him. I turned the music back on and poured another round of tequila shots. The party was on.

"Johnny, do you remember last time, when we got things going with a nice show for Steve and Chrissy? You wanna do it again for everybody?" Penny asked. 

"Sure," he said. 

We were all sitting at a large circular table, and I could see she wanted to use it so I scooped everything off to the sides, assisted by the others. Penny stripped off her panties, climbed onto the table on all fours and lowered her shoulders, ass in the air. It was way too high for Johnny to fuck, so he buried his face in her ass and pussy, making her squirm with delight. We all reached out and caressed her. She raised herself up so we could fondle her dangling tits, and her body was electric to our touch. 

Eventually she changed position, laying on her back with her legs on Johnny's shoulders, and his big fat cock slid into her. They fucked beautifully, and our hands roamed all over Penny's body. We put a pillow under her head and some of us stood and bent over her, sucking on her tits and kissing her deeply as she moaned. It appeared to be an almost overwhelming experience for her, and she came like I've never seen her cum before. What a way to start things out.

"God how I love that fat cock Johnny," Penny said as she regained her sanity. She took a few deep breaths, rolled her head to the side and looked at Nicki's petite, gymnast like body." That things going to split you right in two honey." 

Nicki exhaled loudly and her chest heaved. Her nostrils flared in anticipation as she looked at Johnny with wide eyes.

The few pieces of clothing that were left on any of us were quickly shed, and the first to pair off were Nicki, Bix and Ally, Ally leading them to a mattresses on the floor. Ally gently pushed Bix down on his back and sucked his hard cock into her mouth, with Nicki at his side holding his hand. His cock was at least as big as my eight inches, with a prominent upward curl. The ladies were going to enjoy him. 

After a few minutes he beckoned Ally forward. She straddled his head and ground her pussy on his mouth, both of them moaning loudly. Nicki mounted his cock, and she leaned forward and kissed her mother's back. Ally leaned forward and put her shoulders to the mattress, and Nicki was able to get her tongue on Ally's pussy, helping Bix lick her. 

Bix was pumping his cock up into Nicki and it was all to much for him—he came very quickly. I can't say I blame him, with his super hot girlfriend and her super hot mother all over him like that. Nicki didn't cum, but Ally did, grinding hard on Bix's face with a loud scream. 

I wanted to help Nicki get there, but Johnny beat me to her. He had been eyeing her ever since she arrived, obviously quite taken with her petite young charms. Johnny looked at Bix and got a nonverbal okay. 

Bix and Ally climbed onto the old brass bed right next to them and watched as Nicki stuck her ass in the air for Johnny, cooing softly. She had already been fucking Bix, so Johnny was able to get into her tight little pussy, but it took a bit of work, Nicki wide eyed at the sensation of being stretched fuller than ever before. 

Soon Johnny was fully in and fucking her proper, slowly picking up the pace. Nicki was more vocal than I've ever heard her, screaming loud at the deep thrusts of his fat cock, and yelling for Johnny to give it to her. Her screams built to ear piercing shrieks and she came like a freight train, Johnny right there with her, cumming hard deep inside her. It was a sight to see.

"Damn, Johnny!" Penny exclaimed. "Next time you're here I'm gonna have to pass out earplugs for chrissake," and we all laughed. 

The night wore on with more sexual couplings than I can recount. Eventually we were all pretty exhausted, and we slept like babies curled up in each others arms.

——————————

The next day was spectacularly beautiful, with a deep blue sky and puffy white clouds accenting the colorful fall foliage. After a chilly morning it warmed up enough to swim in the pond, it's water feeling surprisingly warm. There was much washing up down there, freshening our sticky bodies before the next round of carnal bliss, and of course some sexual antics in the water as well. 

At one point, when there was no one down there, Chrissy said, "Why don't you go down by the pond, I'll be down in a few minutes." I went down and stretched out on a lounge chair and closed my eyes in the sunshine.

"I've got a present for you," I heard Chrissy say as she approached about ten minutes later. Chrissy held Nicki's hand as they walked over to me, smiled, and then she turned and walked back up to the others. Nicki stood there looking like a vision, wearing the same white garter belt and stockings she had on when she gave me her virginity that beautiful night two months before. 

"Nicki!" I said. "I've dreamt of seeing you like this again. You look stunning!" I paused, drinking in her youthful beauty. "I don't know why we didn't get together last night, the other girls kind of kept me busy." 

"They did it on purpose," she said, "so this would be special." 

"I watched you last night," I said, looking lovingly into her eyes. "You've come a long way Nicki." 

We spent the next hour alone together by the pond, and made sweet, passionate love in the warm sunlight. It was very different from the wild carnal lustiness of the night before. It was beautiful.

—————————

Sometime during the course of the day the girls decided they all wanted to have sex on the table that night, the same as Penny and Johnny did the night before. Penny had told them about how mind-blowing it was to have all of us surrounding her and attending to her, and they all wanted to experience it. 

We gorged ourselves on all the wonderful food, roasted hotdogs and marshmallows on the fire, and reveled in the magic of Camp Heaven. 

Late in the afternoon Mary showed up. As usual she looked ridiculously hot. There's something about a voluptuous, creamy skinned red-head that just does it for me, and I could see by the quickly stiffening cocks she did it for the other guys as well. She was already naked as Penny made the introductions. Mary seemed particularly taken with Chrissy, and thinking about watching their two voluptuous bodies making love together nearly fried my brain. It wasn't long before I got my wish. I went inside the camp for something and the two of them were on the old brass bed in the worlds most beautiful sixty-nine. I couldn't resist joining in, and I fucked sexy Mary from behind with Chrissy's head in the perfect position to suck my balls. My brain was not only fried by the experience, but scrambled and broiled as well.

Darkness came early again, and we were soon inside enjoying the wood stove's warmth. 

"Don't forget," Penny said excitedly, "we've got table top festivities tonight! You guys better pop your boner pills!" 

We did. It seemed prudent since there were only three of us and the horny women count had grown to five. 

Johnny put fresh batteries in the stereo, fired it up, and got out a bag of weed and a pipe. "Not the same as last time," he said, "but just as good I think. Maybe even better." 

We poured tequila shots and passed the pipe, and soon we were all flying. Penny couldn't dance around as freely because of all the beds in the room, but she enjoyed it anyway. She instructed us to clear off the table and asked which of the girls wanted to be first. Ally was quick to respond. 

"Yeah! You go girl!" Chrissy said. 

In a deep voice Penny said, "Choose your cocks-man!" 

"Does it have to be just one?" she asked. 

"Oooo! A new twist to the story!" Penny said gleefully. "In that case I'm gonna have to get back in the rotation. You guys up for five?" 

Ally climbed up on the table on her hands and knees, all of us ogling her small lithe body. Bix was the first to his feet, and he planted his face in her ass. He was having a wonderful weekend living out all his mother-daughter fantasies. We all began a slow passionate fondling of her body, complete with much kissing and tonguing and sucking. Ally lowered her ass for Bix's entry and he started a slow fuck with his long cock. Johnny turned up the music and there was much whooping and hollering and dirty talk from everybody. It was like a scene out of the best porn movie ever made. 

After a while Bix pulled out and I took over, picking up the pace the way I know Ally likes it. When she was getting close I gave way to Johnny. Ally rolled onto her back and he finished her off with aplomb, Ally screaming out in pure ecstasy with at least a dozen hands on her and more than a few mouths. It looked like none of the guys were cumming, probably a good strategy to keep things going. This part of the evening was all about the ladies.

Ally slowly pealed her limp body from the table, and we poured a round of shots and passed the pipe around again. Johnny was right, it was some powerful weed. 

"Who's next?" Penny yelled. 

Chrissy quickly jumped up, looking stunning on all fours. Her big pendulous tits were quickly engulfed with eager hands, which caused much moaning from the crowd. She really is ridiculously hot. 

I started her off with the now requisite face plant in the ass, and then a slow fuck from behind. She was quite vocal from all the attention, which everybody loved. She rolled over on her back, Penny put the pillow under her head, and Johnny went to work, more forcefully but still slow. Bix finished her off with a powerful pummeling, his curly cock tickling her G-spot to yet another of her earth shattering orgasms. Bix came hard inside her, the first of us guys to loose it. One could hardly blame him, faced as he was with the unbelievable sexiness of one of Chrissy's monumental orgasms. No guy could make it through that unscathed. 

She lay on the table for quite a while unable to move, looking up at the ceiling through half-lidded eyes as we tenderly kissed her all over. Mary's mouth worked gently on her nipples, I kissed softly between her spread-eagled thighs, and all the attention brought her to another, quieter orgasm, which rolled through her body. It was a beautiful thing to see, and what a magnificent specimen of femininity she is.

After a short rest and a pass of the pipe, next up was sweet Nicki. Bix did the ass licking to get her started while his cock recovered, and she was wildly into it right from the get-go. There were hands all over her, and Chrissy was kissing her deeply, muffling Nicki's moans. After a good tongue thrashing from Bix, he passed her off to Johnny. She rolled onto her back nearer to the side of the table, and she looked me in the eye.

"I want you in my mouth while Johnny fucks me," she said.

Penny put the pillow over the edge of the table and Nicki lowered her head. Johnny slid his fat cock into her pussy, and at the same time I slid mine into her mouth. Her back arched and she screamed a muffled scream as Johnny pistoned deep into her. She was a full-fledged deep throat artist now, having practiced after our first time together just like Chrissy had taught her. I supported her hanging head and she took every inch of me. As I pulled out a piercing scream followed my cock out of her mouth as Johnny pummeled her. 

"FUCK MY MOUTH!" she yelled at me, her eyes as huge and wild as I've ever seen. 

Johnny and I fucked her from both ends while the others caressed her sweet little body, and she just about flew off the table with a wild, bucking orgasm. I lifted her head in my hands and kissed her exhausted face, and she laid limp on the table for a long while.

We all needed some rejuvenation so Penny passed some snacks. Nicki sat on Bix's lap and he gently massaged her back to life. We sat and talked about the intensity of what was happening, and the girls all agreed they were having the best orgasms of their lives. There was a feeling of much love and caring in the room, it wasn't at all like the typical porn movie scene of gang-bang pummeling. It was certainly intense, but at its core it was sweet lovemaking between good friends, and that seemed to elevate things to a much higher level. 

Penny and Mary were yet to go, and they had great anticipation in their eyes. They had something special planned, and the two of them grabbed a bag and disappeared onto the screened porch while the rest of us sipped tequila and passed the pipe.

After a while Penny and Mary strutted back into the room. They had transformed themselves into super hot stripper girls, complete with tight form-fitted shirts, tiny mini skirts, lingerie with stockings, and spiky high heels. They even had dark eye makeup and red lipstick on. The effect was nothing short of mind-blowing. We had all been completely naked for a day and a half, and suddenly this seemed so much sexier. Funny how the mind works. 

Penny asked Johnny if he had any appropriate music, and he checked his playlist and found a low-down late-night jazz band with a baritone saxophone and a powerful groove. It was perfect, and he cranked it up loud.
