 My husband and I had talked many times about becoming involved in what was ostensibly a swapping party and long had I resisted. Don't misunderstand me, I am no prude and it's many a woman's fancy to be taken by two men at the same time. It was just a matter of summoning up the courage to go for it, and although a little apprehensive, I was nevertheless excited, this night was to be our first foray into the swinging scene. 

We had answered an ad in one of those men's magazines where couples advertise for partners to take part in adult fun, uninhibited evenings of pure, consensual sex. David had replied to one that we both agreed sounded okay, adding our phone number and a couple of nude Polaroid photographs of ourselves. 

David is no slouch in the cock department and I had taken the picture showing just how big he really is, this was of course after I had been sucking him for a short while. He had then licked my pussy until I had cumm and as I held my lips open he had taken a shot of me also. Now I have quite big nipples that are very sensitive and a matching clit, all of which showed up clearly on the photograph.

In less than a week we received a telephone call from the female half of the couple inviting us to share a few drinks at a local pub. Her name was Isobella, but she preferred to be called Izzy, and I found that we got on quite famously, she being very bubbly and outgoing. David was still at work but I was home, having just come in from doing the shopping. He works in the city, while I am a housewife and mother with two gregarious, almost teenage kids and often at loose ends during the day.

Izzy explained that she did not live far away and if I wished we could steal a march on the men, by proposing that she come around to see me that day or the next. I agreed that we shouldn't put it off, adding that I was eager to meet her.

Time was for me to grab a quick shower, tearing into the bathroom, shedding clothes as I went, I finished in no time at all, not needing to shave as I had depilated the previous day, David loves my pussy to be billiard ball smooth. 

In the bedroom I selected a lacy thong, short leather skirt and a semi see-through blouse that I wore tucked in while leaving the top four buttons undone. I wanted Izzy to see that I really would be a good catch for her man.

Done with dressing I quickly picked up the clothing I had shed, throwing it into the linen basket.

In a little under half an hour a grand white Mercedes sports car pulled onto our drive debussing a stunning blonde with a mane of long gorgeous hair that seemed to flow over her shoulders. This apparition didn't exactly get out of the car; instead she kind of oozed from it, she simply stood there looking at the house. 

I remember wishing that I could have been just a little taller. Wearing a white mini skirt with the sun behind her, long tanned legs showed quite sharply through the material, clear to the great divide. To complete the ensemble she wore a very low and very short lemon top, showing that beautiful tan from just below a pair of firm breasts, being a hot day it was clear that she wore no bra, her breasts appearing not to need any form of support.

I stood at the window wrapped in what could only be described as horny anticipation as this picture of radiant beauty walked to my front door. Hearing the bell the dogs barked, bringing me out of my apparent stupor, and rushing to answer the door tripped over one of them. Hurtling headlong into the door my head cracked on it with a mighty thump and falling I caught my knee on the coat stand. 

We have one of those old Victorian coat stands, David has a big antiques shop in Islington, London. Getting up I managed to open the door, perhaps looking a little the worse for wear, certainly a little dazed.

The dogs jumped up at Izzy to welcome her and with a stern voice she told them to sit. Amazingly they did. She then turned her attention to me, "boisterous aren't they Victoria, I heard the crash, what happened?"

I quickly explained that in my haste to answer the door I had managed to trip over them, as being a nosy pair they also wanted to see who was calling.

"Come Vikki, take me to your kitchen, you have a nasty bump on your head and your leg appears to be bleeding. Sit down, I shall attend to your wounds, early battle scars," she laughed and I laughed with her, kinda breaking the ice.

"Thanks Izzy," I replied, warming to this woman who at the moment was still a stranger to me but very outgoing, friendly and just a little solicitous.

Pulling out a bar stool I sat facing her, sitting on another she leaned forward towards me to examine the bump on my head, her beautiful breasts mere millimetres away from my face. Strangely, I had not been touched by another woman for quite a long time and felt quite drawn to this one, especially as her breasts were close enough for me to have kissed them. She also exuded a heady perfume that I found much to my liking and commented on it. As her fingers examined the bump she explained that the skin wasn't broken but the lump was a bit nasty and asked if my head ached. 

I told her no and she went to the freezer producing a bag of frozen peas. "Hold these to your head for a little, while I attend to the abrasion on your knee," she said, gently placing the bag onto my head while sliding gracefully from the stool.

Dropping to one knee she examined the cut very carefully. I was sat on the stool with both feet on the footrest, she took the damaged leg placing my foot on her thigh, which parted my legs a little allowing her to be able to see up my skirt to the lacy thong that I wore. At the same time her mini skirt had fallen back and I could clearly see that she also wore a thong. I immediately realised that she would be at the very least shaven, 'I do believe she might be bi, I know, I'll put her to the test,' I thought, 'but how?'

It proved to be a lot easier than I had thought.

"Vikki do you have a medicine cabinet or something, I need to put antiseptic on the wound," her voice broke into my thoughts to bring me back to reality. 

Replying that all stuff like that was kept in the bathroom, I sent her off to look for it, meanwhile I quickly whipped off my thong, opened a bottle of wine pouring two glasses and sat back down again in the same position that she had left me.

Offering her a glass of wine I said that I was ready if she was.

Izzy had a super sexy voice replying that she was always ready, I giggled but inside I just melted. Taking a sip of her wine she went back down on one knee, again putting my foot on her thigh. Imagine my surprise and pleasure on seeing her pouting pussy lips and her clit just poking through the slit at the very top, it looked so delicious that I almost creamed at the sight of it.

"Mmmmmm, two minds with but a single thought," she smiled at me.

"It would seem so," I replied, "but I am a bit out of practice Izzy."

"Don't worry, I'm not, and I promise to be gentle with you," she laughed, and I chuckled with her. "Let me just finish treating this wound first and then we shall have at the very least some of the day together. I have to leave by four to prepare hubby's dinner for him."

"That's fine Izzy, the kids will be home from school at three-thirty."

As we talked she cleansed and dressed the wound for me and when finished I felt her fingertips lightly tracing a path up the inside of my thigh, journeying upwards to a hungry and waiting pussy. I sighed a little, her touch was so gentle, allowing just one finger to slip between the lips, enough to get it nice and wet, but she didn't touch my clit.

Standing up she looked me in the eye and put that same finger now coated with my juices to her lips, her tongue peeked out and slowly began to taste me from that pointing digit.

"You taste wonderful Vikki, would you like to taste me now?"

"Would I ever," I replied clambering down from the stool, my hand already under her very short skirt. I went straight for the pot of golden honey, sliding not one but two fingers into her hot and wet little pussy. Wow! But she was ready, and so tight, David is going to love this little kitty as much as I am, but I'll be the first of us to have tasted her honey.

She put her arms around me as I began the sliding in and out motion, her lips quickly finding mine. Mouths open and tongues exploring we kissed, tasting one another to the full. Already turned on, I was getting more and more horny by the second, "come Izzy, we can go into the lounge or upstairs into the bedroom, which do you prefer?"

"The lounge sounds a lot closer to me Vikki, let's go in there."

With my arm around her waist and hers draped across my shoulders, unwilling to break the kiss, we walked/stumbled our way into the lounge. Once there we quickly shucked off the rest of our clothing and resumed the kissing, wow, but she tasted so good.

Both her lips and her tongue were so soft, and the way that she licked my lips while holding onto the bottom one and sucking with her lips was so sensual, never had I been kissed by anyone quite like this, it was out of this world. Her nipples now fully erect were small but quite hard as they poked into the soft flesh of my own breasts, and mine responded correspondingly, becoming fully erect for her.

I wanted Izzy so badly now, and gently pushed her down onto the sofa, her pudenda so very swollen had caused her pussy lips to part. This was undoubtedly helped by her having thrown one leg atop the back of the sofa while placing the other foot on the floor making it possible for me to see the very wetness of the soft pink folds of her beautiful sex, I wasn't about to complain. 

Unable to contain myself any longer, I dove straight in, tasting the copious juices. My face soon became covered in her wetness as I slurped greedily at the over flowing love pool before transferring my attention to her hard little clit, suckling and nibbling at it gently. I could feel that she was going to cumm very quickly and thrust two fingers deeply into her to hurry along the climax. Having judged the moment to be right I bit quite fiercely into her rock hard little button and screaming she climaxed vigorously, pushing herself into my face as though trying to fuck my mouth. It was a beautiful cumm, leaving us both quite breathless. 

Little aftershocks followed the initial orgasm but I was so hungry for her mouth on me that I didn't stay with her to encourage more delicious orgasms from her so beautiful pussy. I regretted not having done that for her afterwards, but I did say that I was a little out of practise. At least, that was my excuse for not having followed through.

"That was beautiful Vikki, for someone out of practise you did a pretty good job on me, that was the quickest cumm I have had in a long while, you really had me turned on. I can't wait for you to go down on me like that again while my Trevor is pumping your pussy with his beautiful big cock. That will be fantastic, especially if I can be underneath you watching him fuck you."

Immediately I felt a little spurt in my pussy and shivers ran up and down my spine, I felt glad now that we had agreed to meet this couple, sure in my own mind that we would all have a wonderful evening. "Will you tell Trevor about our little escapade Izzy," I asked her, knowing full well that I would tell David?

"Of course, he loves to know if I am having it with another girl, I tell it to him giving a second by second account. Sex is absolutely outstanding when I relate a story to him, and he will want you so much that it will make him dizzy with his need. Can we arrange to meet tonight Vikki, I would love for the four of us to get together as quickly as possible," she asked?

"Well it is Friday, and we do usually go out for a drink on a Friday night, perhaps I can book a table somewhere and we can get together on a meet. Okay, when I have picked up the kids I'll ring David, make the booking and then call you to tell you where. Is that okay with you?"

"That would be wonderful Vikki," she had managed to gasp out as we switched places on the sofa. Having quickly regained our composure she carried on, "now Vikki, let me at you, stretch out, I want to take you to heaven."

She fell on me as though starved of affection, our lips meeting, tongues exploring and probing, doing the dance of lust, her skin was soft and she smelled beautiful. I filled my hands with her breasts, marvelling at the hardness of her nipples while she sucked hard on mine. She moved her legs a little and began rubbing my sex with her thigh. Being so very wet my juices were soon smearing the dryness of her and I became more turned on by the second.

Moving down my body now she slipped her fingers into my hungry pot, thrusting deep and hard, I squealed with pleasure as she pumped me so fast, knowing that I would climax in seconds. I was so hot for her.

Both perspiring quite profusely and breathing hard we fell to the floor still locked in our embrace. Izzy scrambled around to adopt a sixty-nine position and started straight away to eat my pussy, she had the longest tongue that I had ever felt, getting right inside me, poking, licking and sucking, she was divine. While she attended to my needs, I focused on her clit, licking sucking and gently chewing on it while at the same time coating one finger with her generous juices. 

Gently I began to insert that finger into her little brown ring while my thumb fucked her hot sweet sex, giving her treble pleasure, a little trick I had learned from David. Being a part time piano player my digits are quite long and that was very helpful, going deeply inside, reaching places that other fingers could not.

Izzy was ecstatic, moaning into my pussy as she worked it, with this treatment it wasn't long before I felt myself heading for my climax and her pussy muscles were rippling on my thumb indicating her own closeness.

"Yes Vikki, oh yes," she kinda breathed into my pussy, "don't stop now, I'm going to cumm for you."

Harder and harder I worked my fingers, faster and faster, as I started biting on her engorged clit. I felt her body start to tremble and knew how close she had become, this galvanised me into further escalating my efforts as she returned the compliment, biting hard on my clit. I was ecstatic and started to cumm, the wave of orgasm seeming to creep up on me slowly but somehow managing to hit me at the same time Izzy's hit making her scream loudly and mine roll through me like an unstoppable truck. She was like a runaway train, one orgasm running quickly into the next we both lay there shuddering and shaking into each others pussies until gasping for breath we rolled apart.

I was the first to come down and spun around to take her into my arms, hugging and kissing her telling her how great she was and licking my cream from her face. She soon settled and returned the compliment until we both lay there laughing. Without doubt it had been a wonderful afternoon, we sat talking for a while about what might happen in the evening before realising the time, I had to get dressed in a hurry to pick up the kids and let the sitter know that we would be back later than usual that night. 

We parted with a kiss and a promise to tell our respective partners when they got home.

I seemed to drift through the rest of the afternoon and early evening in some kind of a daze, unable to get her gorgeous pussy out of my head. Even the kids noticed my unusual behaviour; wondering if I might be feeling unwell but I assured them that I was fine.

They were safely deposited in front of their respective computers playing games by the time David came home, and the baby sitter had been organised for seven thirty, Izzy having called to say they would be dropping by at eight, no point in taking two cars.

Daphne, the sitter arrived exactly on time, she always did, conscientious and a beauty to boot. Depositing her batch of books on one of the armchairs she turned to smile at me saying that she had a lot of studying to do tonight and would we mind if a friend came around to help her. I told her that it was fine but not to empty the fridge as we would all want breakfast in the morning, but otherwise to help herself.

When David arrived I told him of the afternoons events as he changed, and watched his cock rise, he wanted to fuck me right away, but I convinced him to save it just in case he got the opportunity to be tasting Izzy's wares himself later on. I had the funniest feeling that things could become a lot more interesting than mere introductions tonight. After all, Izzy and I had already shared our booty. 

Daphne wore the shortest pair of white shorts that I had ever seen and a matching white boob tube, I saw David looking at her with a gleam in his eye, and going up behind him grabbed a handful of his arse. "Not tonight Josephine," I whispered, "at least, not with that one. Does she turn you on?"

Turning he whispered back, "yes, she has such a tight little arse, I'd just love to see that naked and bent over in front of me." He grinned, knowing that I wouldn't mind him saying it. "Mmmmmm," I replied, "and I would just love to watch and then eat her out when you had finished." I was amazed at myself, I could not believe that I had said that, it was as though a new and very different person was now looking out through my eyes. Just then the beam of headlights stabbed into the living room as our new friends arrived dead on eight.

As David opened the door I was quite surprised to see a beautiful white chauffeur driven Mercedes limo parked outside with Izzy and Trevor standing outside waiting for us.

She waved gaily, obviously pleased to see us. "Hi you two, come and get inside, we brought this car so that we could both have a drink tonight and not worry about being pulled by the police."

"Mmmmmm," I replied, "I have already been pulled once today," Izzy giggled saying, "yes Vikki, me too," and we both laughed at the seemingly jealous looks on our respective husbands faces, knowing that it was put on.

We stepped into the car with us two girls sitting together and the guys sitting on the back seat facing us. We didn't have far to go, but time to take stock of each other's men. David worked out and played a lot of Squash, so I knew that she would be delighted with the total package, Trevor was slim, tall and also athletic looking with an easy smile and a beautiful tan.

Yes, I must say that I was impressed and leaning over told Izzy as much and that I was already wet. She replied that she was too and that tonight was sure to be a success. I knew that my David was horny and looking at Trevor's crotch decided that he also had a prepared supper. Things were starting to look good.

I sat opposite Trevor and had elected to wear a short cocktail dress with a deep neckline so that he would be able to get a good idea of what I carried inside it. Izzy had done the same, we had not discussed it, I guessed we must have been thinking alike. With my ankles crossed and relaxed in the car, my thighs parted slightly allowing him a generous look at my thighs. We smiled at each other and he leaned forward to speak, I did the same and this gave him a good view through the valley of my breasts and told him that I wore no bra. He sat back saying: "you are gorgeous, Izzy was right about you, but she is seldom wrong."

While this by-play was going on between us, a similar scene was going on between David and Izzy, I noticed that he already had his hand on her leg above the knee and smiled to myself.

Soon we arrived at the Restaurant, I gave my name and the Maitre de showed us to our table, set in an alcove away from too many prying eyes, 'perfect,' I thought as Izzy and I slid in first to the end of the table against the wall. David sat next to her and Trevor next to me, this was working out just right, a nice cosy intimacy.
