 Joanne's Story: Going far too far

To the reader: This story is a prequel to the stories Discovering Sarah part one and two. It is written in such a way that it can be read as a standalone piece. However, it is strongly suggested that you first begin by reading discovering Sarah part one, as it will provide context and a better understanding of the characters involved and their motivations.

Enjoy!

Hi, my name is Joanne. I am a middle-aged woman who considers herself to be happy, healthy and well-adjusted. I take great pride in being one of those people who have their shit together. I married young, divorced young and then proceeded to build a business and a life that I am proud of.

I'm now happily married to a wonderful man named Tim. He is smart, kind and confident. Most importantly, he loves me. His love and our marriage give me the confidence and the freedom to be me. In the last few years, I have discovered a new sexuality within myself. I have shed inhibition and shame. For the first time in my life I feel sexually empowered.

Altogether, I am happy, healthy and loved; who could ask for more? Sadly, I am human, and we always want more. We get bored, or curious or self-indulgent and before you know it...

Here is the thing about life; you can have your act together and even convince yourself that you're in control but take your eyes off the road for just a moment and a bump in the road will throw you in a ditch. Loosen your grip on the wheel for a second and before you know it you are spinning out of control.

In my case, the bump in the road was named Janet.

"When I Saw Her Standing There" The Beatles

Every Tuesday and Thursday evening I attended a hot yoga class at my health club. For those of you who are not familiar, it is yoga in a hot, humid room. The idea is that by working up a sweat, a better workout is achieved which in turn burns more calories. Some also believe that the profuse sweating helps to detoxify our bodies. Mine is a women's only advanced class that is both intense and fun. Because it is women only, and its hard work, and it is hotter than hell; we students wear as little as we can get away with. It may sound sexy, but I assure you it's not. Frankly, you sweat like a piggy.

I first noticed her a few weeks before we actually met. She was hard to miss. Janet is at least 6 feet tall, likely 6'1" and she has a body that screams athlete. She was lean and muscular, yet still, graceful and fluid in motion. If you have ever seen a picture of Jillian Michaels, the fitness trainer from TV, you get an idea of her body. If Janet's looks do not hint at her athleticism, her performance in class left no doubt. She was incredibly flexible and strong.

As I mentioned earlier, the clothing choices in our class tend to incline to the minimal. Janet was in the row in front of me, and I could not help but notice the really cute and tiny yoga shorts she was wearing. They really looked more like panties than shorts. They were literally pasted to her butt and very flattering. I was in the process of debating whether or not I could pull off wearing shorts cut like that when she caught me staring. I was lost in my thoughts and wasn't really paying attention, but I'm pretty sure she thought I was scoping her out. I finally recognized that she was looking at me as I was looking at her and our eyes met. She gave me a big smile, then turned her attention back to the front. Behind her I was embarrassed, blushing and felt like an idiot. My inner voice laughed and said, great she thinks I am checking out her ass, Tim will get a kick out of this.

After class, I headed to the locker room, for a much-needed shower. The shower is in our club has individual stalls, but they are only enclosed on the sides. As I was shampooing, I heard a voice say, "Hi!"

I turned around and there leaning against the enclosure frame was a very naked woman smiling at me. "My name is Janet."

I am not into women, and usually, I don't pay much attention to them, especially in the locker room, but she was an impressive sight. Standing there less than 2 feet away from me absolutely confident and comfortable in her nudity was the woman who I had accidentally been staring at during class. I had already noticed that she was attractive, but standing there naked, I could not help but stare again. She had a fairly deep tan with obvious tan lines suggesting that she liked her bikinis fairly small. She possessed hardly more than the suggestion of breasts which were crowned with the pinkish areola's. Her nipples were erect and surprisingly long. My eyes traveled down her well-defined abs and I stole a glance at her vajayjay. She had just a tiny wisp light colored pubic hair. She always wore her reddish blonde hair in a ponytail, but now it was falling loosely on her shoulders. The color and curls suggested Irish decent.

I also noticed that she had very pretty green eyes, although they were not meeting my gaze. While I had tried to discretely steal glances, she brazenly took in every inch of me.

After a few seconds of awkward silence, I managed to reply, "Uh, hi my name is Joanne."

She held my gaze, "I know this sounds weird, but my husband and I just moved into town a couple of months ago, and I don't really know that many people here yet. Is there any chance that you would be interested in grabbing a drink after we get done here? My husband is on nights right now, and I'm really tired of sitting at home alone."

Because of her boldness, and the way she looked at me I wondered, Is she asking me on a date? 

Then I reassured myself, Naw, she has a husband. Besides, I do like wine! I told her, "Sure, that sounds great. There is a wine bar a couple of blocks away called the Grape Escape. Let's meet there."

"Cool, I'll see you there!" With that, she went to the next stall and began showering.

And so, I met Janet. We talked for almost 2 hours, laughed and drank too much wine. She told me all about herself and her husband, Mike. She was 26 years old, and he was 30. They had been married for a little over six years and had no kids. He was a cop who had just graduated from the Academy a couple of months before. She was looking for work as a fitness trainer.

I found Janet easy to talk to, and a lot of fun. I was not really sure, but I could've sworn she was maybe just a little flirty too. It was subtle, but she seemed to lean in as we spoke, and she put her hand briefly on mine a few times. I also noticed she frequently brought her hand to her face and hair. In any case, I liked her. She was quick witted and was genuinely interested in what I was saying. I was amused by how much she reminded me of myself 20 years ago, trying to figure out who I was and what I wanted out of life. She was so curious, so exited about possibilities. I had to admit could be really cute at times.

We had a couple more post yoga wine dates and became close friends. We talked about marriage, men in general and of course, sex. I told her about our annual trips to the Caribbean. I even confessed that we were big fans of nude beaches. She found that very interesting. I remember her saying, "You have such a sexy body, I bet you drew a lot of attention on the beach."

Then she leaned in, put her hand on mine and in a conspirator's whisper added, "Did it get you hot having all those men and women staring at you, soaking in all of you? I would have been crazy turned on."

The way she said it took me by surprise. For the first time I realized that there may be something more than girls talk going on here.

She never came out and said it, but I got the impression she might be a little bi-curious and that Mike might be hinting to her that he would like to try some "new things." At one point she even asked if Tim and I ever did anything wild. I was circumspect and passed over the question with a wry smile and told her we never did anything too crazy.

As our friendship developed I became more and more convinced that she was becoming interested in me as something more than a drinking buddy. Looking back at the conversations now, I think Janet was trying to work up the confidence to seduce me, but was unsure how to do it. It seemed like she was sending signals sometimes; a little hair flip, a casual touch, a gaze that was held a second too long. She also complimented me a lot. She told me how she admired that I had my own business and was so together. She eventually took it a personal level. At one point she said how much she wished she had breasts like mine. I told her they were nothing special. She gave me a wicked smile and said," You forget that I see you naked every week. You are a hottie!"

I will confess that I was becoming more and more interested. Tim and I had done some playing with other couples while on vacation, and so I got to experiment with women a few times. I liked it, but it was just naughty fun. The whole Bi thing was not who I was. Still, Janet was attractive, and sweet. I found my self thinking about what it would be like to kiss her, and feel her skin.

Eventually, after one of our classes, she suggested that I come over to her house, for a "change of pace." My radar went off, and I thought to myself, I wonder where this is leading? I have to admit it, I was a little curious, and more than a little bit interested. So off to her house we went.

As it turned out, my radar is still pretty accurate. When we got to her house, I could not help but notice that she was a little nervous. She couldn't stand still, and was talking a little faster than normal. The evening started out fairly normal, she gave me a house tour and then offered me a glass of wine. Their house was what would you expect from a young couple. It was a small ranch with allot of Ikea type furniture.

What really stood out was how neat the house was. "Wow Janet, you and Mike keep an immaculate home!"

She shrugged sheepishly, "Mike is adamant that everything be in its place."

The first real evidence that she had plans for the evening came when she sat on the sofa next to me. There were plenty of other chairs. We talked about nothing and everything and after several glasses of wine, she leaned in close ran her fingers through my hair.

"Joanne, you have such pretty hair. It's so thick and shiny. I wish I had hair like yours."

Most women would have put a stop to the evening right there. But honestly, I was enjoying the attention, and truthfully it wasn't like I had never been here before in my mind. I liked Janet, I had even had a fantasy or two of us naked in a hot tub. But, those were just harmless fantasies. This was getting real.

This was new, I had played with women before, but it was just that...playing. Tim had always been there, I had never been with just a woman. My previous encounters with women were impersonal, hurried and intense, they were also spontaneous. This was different, I was being seduced, it was only the 2 of us. Janet wanted to make love to me; this was not playing, I was crossing some threshold. The thought of that was exciting, and I wanted to see where it was headed.

Still stroking my hair, Janet asked, "Does it feel weird, my touching your hair?"

I thought, yeah, a little bit... I said, "It feels kind of nice."

"I don't want to freak you out or anything, but have you ever kissed a girl?"

I don't know why, but my intuition told me to lie to her. I sensed that she wanted this to be my first time, that she wanted to be my sapphic guide. "No, I never have."

"Would it be okay if I kissed you? Would you like that?"

I looked into her green eyes, I saw desire and a little nervousness. That touch of nervousness made my heart melt just a little. "Maybe, I guess so."

She put her hand on my cheek, and slowly moved to kiss me. At this point, a man would passionately kiss me; his tongue would be at my lips hungry and probing. She did something most men would not think to do, just before our lips touched, she paused, just for a moment, just for a breath. Then she kissed me ever so softly, almost like a whisper. Until now the events of the evening had been almost an intellectual curiosity, I felt like a spectator watching a play. That kiss, however, pulled me into the moment. She was gentle and sweet. I became a little light-headed, a little scared and very much aroused. The intensity of my reaction caught me off guard.

I exhaled deeply, "I need more wine." I got off the couch and made my way to the kitchen. As I was pouring my wine, she came up behind me, put her arms around my waist, and kissed the back of my neck. It felt like heaven. I couldn't help it; a shiver went through my whole body.

She asked, "Are you ok?"

"I'm a little nervous."

She held me tight against her. She was tall and strong, and although restrained she was a little aggressive. I sensed that she needed to be in control. She wanted to seduce me, she wanted to lead the dance. I felt the urge to submit, and I melted against her.

She kissed my neck and ears, then whispered, "you feel so good, I've wanted this from the moment I met you. Will you give yourself to me?"

In response, I lifted my face to her, and she kissed me again, this time urgently. Our tongues found each other as her hands moved to my breasts. I felt her silky hair against my face; her soft breasts were pressing against my back and her breath was on my neck. Her scent suggested a hint of peaches, her lips tasted like cherries. How different she was from a male lover. My arms reached behind her as my hands found her butt. As her weight shifted, I felt her muscles flex under my hands. The combination of femininity and strength, the contrast of her softness and muscle were intoxicating.

Her hands went to my waist and under my sweater as she continued kissing the back of my neck. The touch of her fingers on my tummy sent shivers through me. Her hands slowly returned to my breasts. She purred in my ear, "You're not wearing a bra, was that for me?"

I whispered, "I don't know... maybe." She pushed up my sweater exposing my chest and gently massaged me. She then pulled my erect nipples and rolled them between her fingers. She did this almost identically to the way I touched myself. It was almost as if Janet instinctively knew my body. For the first time, I truly appreciated the subtle differences between men and women's approach to intimacy.

I reached up and wrapped my arms around the back of her neck, she correctly understood this as an invitation to remove my sweater. She then turned me around to face her. One hand went to the back of my neck the other to the small of my back, and she pulled me close to her. My hands went to her bottom again. We kissed deeply, urgently almost desperately. Janet then went to my breast with her mouth. She rolled my nipple around her tongue then gently sucked. The feeling was electric, I held her head to my breast not wanting her to stop. Her hand slid off my back and to my thighs. She grasped me under my butt cheeks where my thighs met my pussy. Even though the fabric of my leggings and underwear, the feeling of her fingers pressed against me was incredible. A thousand butterflies took flight in my stomach.

She left my breast, and her tongue trailed down my stomach to the top of my leggings. I felt her hands grasp the waistband and began to slide them down. As my leggings descended her mouth followed until it reached my panties. Her tongue traced the outline just above the fabric as she continued to slide my pants off. I stepped out of my leggings and hooked my thumbs into my panties to remove them. She pushed my hands away and replaced them with her own. She slowly slid the tiny piece of fabric down from my pussy. She was frustratingly deliberate in undressing me. I wanted her tongue in me.

As I stepped out of my panties, her hand slid up the inside of my thigh and touched me. She firmly pressed the side of her hand against my sex, as she kissed and licked my pubic mound.

"Joanne," she said. "Are you sure you're ready for this? If you're going to stop me do it now."

I can only manage a weak, "Yes."

"You want me to touch you, don't you?"

I breathed, "God yes."

"Do you want me to go down on you? Can I taste you?"

"Please, Janet." I felt her thumb slide between my wet and swollen labia. When she pressed against my clit my knees almost buckled. Then an extraordinary thing happened, she picked me up like I was a rag doll and sat me on the kitchen island. I felt overpowered, I felt submissive. I shoved a wine glass out of my way and heard it break on the floor. Neither of us cared. I leaned back as she spread my legs. I offered myself to her entirely, and completely.

Her mouth found me. Her tongue dove deeply into me and then danced towards my clit. She then retreated and gently licked and nibbled on my each of my lower lips. Even lost in pleasure as I was, I had the distant thought that I wished Tim could watch this. I guided her head back to my clit, and her tongue swirled around its hood. I then felt fingers inside me, and her other hand returned to my right nipple.

The sensations were overpowering, and I was quickly building towards orgasm. She sensed this and intensified her attentions. Her fingers pumped into me; her tongue seemed to be everywhere.

I heard her whisper, "Cum for me, baby."

I pulled her head back to my clit, "Jan, I'm so close. Lick me, fuck me, baby." I felt those familiar rhythmic contractions building around her fingers, my breath left me. I remember feeling almost weightless, and with that, I was lifted into orgasm.

It was not the best orgasm I have ever had, but it was close. Certainly, it was much more intense than I had ever had with other women. Still, I remember my mind drifting to Tim. He had always been there when I been with a new man or women. It was a shared experience; a bond we shared. I imagined him with Janet and me.

Moments later she crawled on top of the countertop, straddled me and kissed me hard. "Are you okay baby, was that good?"

"That was incredible!" I said.

She stroked my hair, "You are so fucking hot."

She kissed me again, "Do you taste yourself on my lips?"

I knew where this is going, "Mmmm, yes. I like it."

She asked, "Do you think you could do me? Could you do that for me?"

At that moment there was nothing I wanted to do more than go down her, but I think taking my virginity was part of the excitement for her, so I acted a little timid. With a sly smile, I said, "I think so, I think I would like to try that."

I climbed off the counter. As I did so, Janet removed her top. I chastised her, "No sweetie, I get to unwrap the present." I kissed her again as I unhooked and removed her bra. She sighed as my tongue found her nipple.

When I had done this before, I remembered thinking, I can't believe I am sucking on women's tit! This is so naughty, so hot. I was focused on the act, not the women. But, not this time. With Janet, I was struck by the beauty of her smallish breasts. I loved the feel of it. I marveled at how it was so firm and soft and at the same time. I was fascinated by how incredibly stiff her nipples were, and how she shivered as suckled on them.

I knelt before her, and I let my hands explore her. I traced the outline of her hips and then slid my hands up her ribs and to her breasts. I brought my hands down her stomach, around the top of her shorts to her back and then down her thighs. Finally, I brought my hands up the inside of her thighs to her crotch. I slid my hands up each short leg and slid my thumbs up and down her wet and swollen pussy lips.

Janet shivered. Her voice was raspy, "Oh Jo, I've dreamed about this."

I kissed her stomach as I slid her little gym shorts down. I knew then that she was expecting or at least hoping for this encounter because she was wearing what my husband Tim calls come fuck me now panties; they were a tiny little black thong. They were really cute but entirely impractical. They were the kind of thing a woman only wears when she knows they are going to be seen. I was flattered.
