 At the ringing sound, Sara dashed for the phone. She didn't even wait for the answering machine to kick in. She knew who it was.

"Mike?"

"Hi, Sara. How's it going?"

Sara curled up on her bed as she and her boyfriend talked. Eventually, their conversation got around to the upcoming weekend.

"I want to take you out to dinner for your birthday, so just pick a place, and I'll treat."

"Sara, you don't have to do that. In fact, there was something special I was hoping you'd do for me, as a birthday present. If you say yes, then I'll treat us to dinner. Ok?"

"Well, what is this 'something special' that you want?"

"It's a surprise."

Sara just laughed. Knowing Mike, there was something new he wanted to try in bed. Sara had to admit, she was enjoying everything so far, so why not.

"Ok. It's a deal."

They made plans for Friday night, then Mike said goodbye, teasingly adding that he had to get things ready for their special evening.

##

Friday night arrived, and Mike picked Sara up around seven, the two of them heading to a trendy Italian restaurant downtown. After dinner, they headed back to Mike's house; with Mike acting more and more like a little boy the closer they got to his house. 

Sara just laughed and teased him a little, amused that he was so excited about his little surprise. Secretly, she was hoping she'd like it as much as he did.

No sooner had Mike shut his front door, he pulled Sara in for a kiss, wrapping his arms around her waist, locking her against him. She loved the feel of his muscular chest pressing against her breasts, and happily deepened the kiss.

Pretty soon, things got heated, and Mike suddenly leaped away from her.

"We gotta slow down, honey. We've got a long night ahead of us," Mike said with a grin. Taking Sara's hand, he led her upstairs to his bedroom.

They started kissing again as soon as they shut the bedroom door. Mike was keeping the kiss gently, but Sara kept pushing for more, sliding her tongue in Mike's mouth, teasing his tongue, running her tongue along his teeth, all the things she knew drove him crazy.

Mike kept pulling his head away, then reclaiming Sara's mouth, trying to control the kiss. As they wandered towards the bed, Sara kicked off her shoes while Mike worked her out of her blouse and bra.

They finally landed on the bed, Sara underneath Mike. She always liked the bottom. Something about the feel of a man's weight pressing her into the mattress gave her a thrill, and she could already fell a slight tingle between her legs. Sara instinctively parted her legs, allowing Mike to fall in between, the beginnings of his erection pressing into her mound through their clothes.

The kissed a while longer before Mike pulled away, propping himself on his elbows. 

"Are you ready for your surprise?"

Sara laughed. "It's your birthday, you know? Why is this surprise for me and not you?"

"Oh, don't worry. I'll enjoy it too," his grin turning wolfish.

Sara smiled back, nodding her head yes, that she was ready. Mike pushed up onto his hands and, just using one arm for support, leaned over towards the nightstand. He opened a drawer and pulled out a silk scarf.

Within the last few weeks, they had started experimenting with tying each other up in bed. Sara had been a little nervous at first, but soon found that being tied up like that, completely vulnerable, was kind of a turn on for her. So, she gave Mike a wicked grin of her own when she saw the scarf. Her grin turned questioning, though, when Mike also pulled out a blindfold, one of those sleeping masks that's suppose to block out any light.

Mike saw her look and, tossing the mask and scarf off to the side, leaned back down, feathering her face with kisses, and whispered in her ear.

"You trust me, don't you, baby?"

"Yes," Sara answered in an exaggerated tone. "I'm just trying to figure out what you're up to, that's all."

"Don't worry, you'll like it," Mike's grin widening, if that was possible.

Mike started suckling Sara's breasts, knowing how much she enjoyed that and, combined with his full weight against her, it didn't take long before Sara was stretching and arching against him.

Not wanting things to get out of control too soon, Mike pulled away again, reaching for the scarf. He gave Sara a questioning look and, when she nodded yes, began wrapping one end of the scarf around her wrists. Then, he tied the other end to one of the rails in the headboard, pulling it tight, so Sara's wrists were tight against the headboard with no leeway.

Sara felt the thrill spike through her, felt her panties getting damp with excitement. She shuddered when Mike started sliding down her body, spreading kisses as he went. He got to the top of her slacks and slowly undid the button, teasing her navel with the tip of his tongue. Sara squirmed under him, and he could smell her scent. He slid his hands inside her pants, under her panties, and took both off at once, letting his hands glide down the sides of her legs as he went.

Sara kept withering, feeling the pressure build in her pussy. Mike was completely on top of her again, holding her still with his weight, when he gently slid the mask down over her eyes.

This was something new, being blind in bed, and Sara felt her nerves revolt at the lack of control. But Mike started kissing her again, rolling a nipple between his finger and thumb, and she felt herself relax, getting back into the moment.

"Are you ready for our surprise?" Mike whispered in her ear.

"Yesss," Sara answered, feeling her need for release nearing its peak.

Suddenly, Mike's body disappeared. Sara felt him settle down beside her on the bed. She could feel him watching her, but he wasn't touching her. Becoming confused, and a little nervous, her body tighten up, even more so when she heard the bedroom door open.

Oh my God! Sara could sense someone else entering the bedroom. Fear was beginning to replace her lust, and she started to lightly tug against the scarf restraint.

Mike slid closer, once again whispering in her ear.

"Easy, Sara. Relax. It's your surprise, baby. I promise it'll feel good."

Sara didn't actually find those words reassuring, but his voice was, and she did trust him, so she willed herself to relax. Mike was tracing circles around her belly button, tickling her and she started to squirm again.

The next thing she knew, someone had captured her breast, gently sucking. Oh, God! These lips weren't a man's!

Sara instinctively realized that the body leaning over her belonged to a woman. That little voice in her head started to yell, screaming at her to get away, that this wasn't right, wasn't normal.

Those lips left her breast and pressed against her own, and Sara suddenly felt her lips part. The woman leaning over her, accepted the invitation, and slipped her tongue in. Sara's whole body arched at the contact. Realizing that her body was responding, not revolting, Sara began to feel truly scared, that little voice still screaming in her head.

She ripped her mouth away from the other woman's and started begging Mike to untie her, to make it stop. She felt Mike's weight against her side at the same time she felt the woman's body disappear. Mike's lips were at her ear again.

"Shooo. Shooo. Easy, Sara. Everything's ok, just relax."

"Mike I can't do this. It's not right," Sara gasped.

Mike chuckled in her ear. "Come on baby. Remember the other night when we watched that video?"

Sara remembered. They had decided to spend an evening at home and Mike had rented some videos. One of them had turned out to be a porn video that was heavy with lesbian sex. At first, Sara had felt apauld and embarrassed, and had tried to yank the remote away from him. He had just laughed, held the remote above his head with one arm, and wrapped the other around Sara, holding her in place against him, so she couldn't reach the remote. 

During her struggle, Sara's leg had slipped between Mike's. Feeling his erection, she stopped struggling, staring at him in surprise. Mike had laughed and started running his hand back and forth over her ass. Realizing that Mike was enjoying the video so much, Sara had decided not to argue, and settled down to watch the rest of it, Mike's strong arm keeping her held against him.

Sara had been mortified to feel herself getting wetter and wetter as the video progressed. That little voice in her head kept telling her that she wasn't suppose to enjoy watching two women make love, but she was. Feeling confused, and a little ashamed of herself, the very second the video was over, she attacked Mike, hoping to distract him before he asked her if she liked the show.

Mike didn't need to ask. Sara was as turned on by the show as he was. He had pushed a hand inside her jeans to find her soaking wet. They had both gone a little wild that night, making love on the couch, the floor, he took her from behind on the steps on their way to the bedroom, her first experience with anal sex.

Lying helpless in the bed, Sara could see that whole night flash before her. She'd spent at least a week struggling with the fact that the video had made her hornier than she'd ever been in her life. She just couldn't admit to herself that what had turned her on was watching the scenes with the two women.

Mike's hands were now stroking her body, calming her down. As she settled against the pillow, she felt the woman lie down beside her. 

"I promise I won't hurt you. And you have a beautiful body," Sara could feel soft, silky skin skimming over hers, the woman gently skimming her hands over Sara's body as she whispered, "Your boyfriend promised me you were into this, but I'll leave if you want me to."

"No. Don't." Sara couldn't believe she'd just said that! That little voice was still screaming that this was wrong, but the woman's gentle touch and soft skin felt incredible.

Hearing Sara tell her to stay, the woman recaptured Sara's mouth. She felt Sara resist again, just a little bit, and realized that, while Sara wanted this on one level, she was fighting it on another. The woman decided to try a little longer, but if Sara kept fighting her, she was leaving. The last thing she wanted was to upset this young woman.

Sara felt the feathery touch of the other woman's lips on hers again, and whimpered. Those lips were so soft, so full and gentle. She found herself enjoying the kiss, relaxing into it, and then she felt a soft finger, just one, gently slide between her pussy lips, settling over her clit.

The finger didn't move. It just lay there, gently pressing down on her little button, the woman's tongue sliding around inside Sara's mouth. Sara's tongue tentatively reached out to meet her mystery woman's, and that wonderful finger started to move against her clit. Sara felt another shudder course through her body, and that little voice faded away. Her body and senses were focusing on the feeling of this soft, curvy body against hers, the gentle warring of their tongues, and the incredible pressure building inside her as this woman teased her clit.

Sara felt her hips flex, bucking against the woman's hand. Her mystery woman pulled away, switching her attention to Sara's breasts. She sucked and licked, even gently biting one nipple. Sara gasped at the intense feeling of pleasure/pain. Then, the woman started sliding down Sara's body, trailing kisses as she went. Sara tensed, feeling the woman easing in between her legs. She squealed as she felt the woman's tongue slowly licking her neither lips. That tongue flicked her clit, and her hips arched up from the bed, a moan tearing from Sara's throat.

Sara began to writher and whimper as she felt the mystery woman's tongue probing between her pussy lips. She squealed again when she felt that tongue push inside her. Sara felt a moment's shame that she was so wet. So wet, in fact, that the woman's tongue all but glided down inside her vagina.

Then that tongue began a pumping motion, sliding in and out of Sara's tunnel. Sara felt the pressure between her legs building and building. Then she screamed as an orgasm broke through her, her hips fiercely bucking against this mystery woman's face. She felt her body begin to settle down, but the woman didn't stop. Sara thought of telling her to stop, to not waste her time because she never had more than one orgasm. Then, Sara felt a tingle between her legs, gasping in shock as she recognized the sensation.

The woman's tongue picked up speed and Sara felt a finger rubbing and pressing on her clit even as the woman tongue fucked her. Another orgasm quickly built up, exploding, her back arching up, pressing her mound against the woman's face. 

After a while, Sara felt her body settle back down against the bed, warmth spreading through her. She jerked as the woman's tongue reentered her. Sara moaned in protest, everything between her legs now felt so sensitive, but the woman kept licking and twirling her tongue.

Sara was shocked to fill a third orgasm building and, when she was near the brink, the woman disappeared. Sara heard herself begging the woman to come back, felt a moment's shame, then screamed as she felt Mike, now rock hard, slam into her. He began to pound against her and Sara, who was already wound so tight, began to piston her hips against him, meeting him thrust for thrust, their bodies slamming against each other. A scream tore out of her as she had one of the most mind-blowing climaxes of her life. 

##

Sara and Mike didn't last. The sex was great, but that had been the only good thing between them. About a month after Mike's "surprise", they broke up. Sara had asked Mike repeatedly who the woman was, but he refused to answer her.

For years after, Sara's mind would flash back to that night. She could always feel herself getting wet as she relived the memory of having another woman make love to her and with it, a sense of shame. Several years passed before she made peace with the memory of that night, and began to let herself enjoy this wonderful new world that her mystery woman had opened up for her.