 As awareness followed sunlight into the room, each of us began to stir. Quietly, so as not to disturb our own thoughts I think. Gradually it was obvious everyone was awake but still no one made grand movements. Two couples spooned into one king size bed. I was snuggled up to Lisa's bottom facing Matt who was snuggled up to Jen's.

"Jen, I love you," I opened... "Any regrets?" 

"I love you, too. Yes," Jen responded "but not many. Lisa are you okay with this?"

"Absolutely fine," said Lisa "as long as you are and I love you all."

"Nobody asked me but I'm fine and I love you all, too." Matt added "But, what regrets, Jen?"

"Well, we could have been doing this a long time ago and there are still some things we haven't done." Jen giggled and poked Matt in the ribs with her elbow.

Lisa jumped up, grabbed me by the arm, and headed to the bathroom saying "We could use a shower." 

I was certainly looking forward to soaping Lisa's smooth skin all over but, leaving Jen and Matt in bed alone together felt a little strange. Hey what the hell was I thinking? Here I was standing skin to skin with Lisa waiting for the water to warm up in the shower and feeling a little pang of jealousy. It really made no sense. I loved Jen and I knew she loved me and I had certainly enjoyed watching her enjoy sex with Matt last night.

"Hey, sleepy head, you coming in or what?"

It was Lisa calling out from the shower while I stood alone in the bathroom getting cold. I stepped into the needles of warm water. Lisa was standing with her back to the showerhead washing her hair. The warm soapy water cascaded down her sleek torso over her tits, through the small patch of light colored hair that ran in kind of a stripe across her mound, and then down her long slender legs. God, she was beautiful. don't get me wrong Jen is beautiful too and part of what made Lisa beautiful was the contrast between the two. Jen is full figured, voluptuous, and soft. Lisa was soft too but, she had a lean muscular athletic build.

She opened her eyes to find me admiring the view. I moved in close and pressed my lips to hers. At the same time I closed both hands over her breasts and felt her nipples stiffen against my palms. My prick twitched between her thighs and she moved her feet further apart. I reached out for the soap and came back to her breasts. I soaped her shoulders, arms down and back, back to her breasts, across the smooth plain of her soft belly, through the pubes, and right to the valley. I reached around and scrubbed her back and down across the smooth tight little ass. I spread her cheeks and sponged a soapy finger right into her little puckered anus. God, it was hard not to stop and turn her around, but maybe later. I knelt before her and soaped first her left leg and foot and then her right. 

As I returned to the valley, I sat the soap aside and massaged the clear water into her stomach and pubes. Then with both thumbs I parted her outer lips and caressed them with my tongue, inhaling the clean fresh smell of a beautiful woman. I traveled as far down the valley as present position would allow and returned on the other side. I made the trip several times enjoying the texture and the clutch of her hands in my hair. 

I circled her clit several times and when I finally stabbed it with a hard tongue, she cried out loud enough to be heard in the other room. I licked her clit as rapidly as I could move my tongue and was rewarded with a flow of sweet nectar. The more that flowed the more I took. Then Lisa smashed my face into her pussy so hard I couldn't breathe for a minute. She surprised me a little with her strength and I had to push away a little with my forearms just to breathe. I didn't go far and continued to stroke her clit with the tip of my tongue until the spasms of her thighs subsided. I arose and shared her taste with her and delighted in her smile.

"Now it's your turn to get clean, Mister." she said with an amused grin. She turned me around with my back to the showerhead and grabbed the shampoo. She lathered my scalp and caressed my neck and shoulders. She pushed my head back into the spray and bent to grab the soap. My cock brushed her ass but, she squirmed out of my grasp and turned around to face me again. 

She started at my shoulders, worked into both armpits, and down both arms and back. She came across my chest and scratched lightly with her nails. She massaged my stomach and down into my pubes making lots of lather. She avoided my genitals and got down on her knees to wash both my legs and feet. As she finished my feet she stood back up and spun me around. She started again at my shoulders and literally massaged the soap into my back and down across my cheeks. She didn't stop and spread both cheeks and slid a soapy finger into my puckered anus. That burned just a little but I was on fire anyway. 

Without turning me around she grabbed my shaft in one hand and my sack in the other and proceeded to give them both a good scrubbing. I had to grab her wrists to stop her before I got all messy again. I stepped back and let the shower rinse me off, then turned to face her.

She had a devilish grin on her face and I was determined to wipe it off. Before she could object, I knelt and stabbed her clit with my tongue. I poked and prodded, licked and caressed. Soon the juices were flowing again. I stood up and brought my right hand through the valley. I pushed her back against the wall and transferred the moisture from my hand to my cock. I stepped forward and placed the tip at her entrance. I grabbed both her thighs just below her buttocks and lifted her just a little. As I let her back down, I slid in to the hilt. 

When I was as deep as I could go, I pulled back until just the head remained inside and then slammed forward. I continued to slam until on one thrust I slipped and almost fell. We stopped and I sat down on the edge of the tub. Lisa straddled my lap with her feet hanging out of the tub and lowered herself back down on my dick. With her hands on my shoulders she was able to raise and lower herself at her own pace. I was content to enjoy the depth I was able to obtain. But very soon her pace quickened and I was only too happy to follow. We rocked rapidly back and forth and then I felt those vise like muscles at her entrance clamp down, release, clamp, release. She dug her nails into my shoulders and I could see her biting her lip. I could hold it no more and jetted several loads of jism deep in her cunt.

We caught our breath and stepped back into the shower. After cleaning up again and toweling off, we stepped back into the other room. 

Lisa gasped and I grabbed her arm for support feeling just a little dizzy. I had been sure that after our "prolonged" shower, we would find Matt and Jen resting quietly from their coupling. Instead, we found Jen backed up to the edge of the bed with her shoulders and knees on the mattress and her soft heart shaped ass sticking up in the air. Matt stood behind her with his cock buried in her ass. He was pouring sweat and his breathing was a ragged effort at best. 

We froze in our tracks. "Come on Matt, fuck my ass...fuck me Matt." Jen exhorted. Matt did his best to comply. I was dumbfounded. I if anything was obsessed with Jen's ass. I was always trying to get her to let me fuck her ass, but she complained I was just to "big". Well guess what...Matt was not a great deal smaller than me if at all and here she was begging him to fuck her ass. I couldn't believe it. 

As drained as I was from my recent activity with Lisa, the sight of Jen getting her ass fucked had my hardon raging again. I whispered in Lisa's ear, "She won't let me do that."

Lisa said, "She will now. It's all a matter of technique and getting her started. Believe me, Matt is an expert."

"I can certainly see that." I told her.

Lisa stepped forward and tapped Matt on the shoulder then motioned toward me with her thumb, like a hitchhiker on the side of the highway. Matt looked back at me and stepped away from Jen's ass. I don't believe I could have done that. Just then Jen looked back over her shoulder and saw us standing there. Her eyes went straight to my upright organ. "Well," she said "doesn't anyone want to fuck my ass?"

As I stumbled toward the bed, Lisa grabbed my arm and said "Wait a minute buster that thing is way to dry to try anything there. Let me help." With that she quickly bent and engulfed my shaft in her sweet mouth. She slobbered over my cock until I could see saliva running out of the corners of her mouth. Just as suddenly as she started she stopped and stood back up still holding my cock in her hand. She tugged me toward the bed and Jen still with her ass in the air. 

Lisa actually guided my cock right to the opening of Jen's ass and gave my ass a little shove with her other hand. The tip of my cock pressed against the tight muscles of Jen's sphincter. With a small push and a little "pop" it slid in. So many times I had gotten to this point and just lost it. But with the activity of the last several hours I could hold my load a little longer. I slid forward giving her a couple more inches. I pulled back and then gave her three or four. I pulled back again and gave her my all. Jen pushed her ass back against me. 

I knew as much as I wanted to I wouldn't hold out much longer. I pummeled her ass. I came all but out and slammed back with all I had. The tightness was excruciatingly wonderful. I could feel another load boiling up. She was begging me to fuck her. As the muscles of her ass started to clamp down harder I shot the first stream of seed into her butt. I couldn't believe I had that much left. But volley after volley erupted into her backside. 

Heaven had to be close. I collapsed on her back and together we rolled to our sides on the bed and looked up into the grinning faces of our best friends.

We all showered again. We dressed collectively and talked and laughed and poked and prodded and in general had a great time. We left the room just in time for housekeeping to enter the mess. We finished the day shopping for antiques in some local flea markets and shops. That had been the original purpose of this trip. Now that had changed drastically! 

We stopped and had lunch, made several short stops for treasures, and found ourselves near the motel about dinner time. There was a lounge and nice restaurant as part of the motel and we decided to get dinner there. I had a big steak as did Matt and Lisa. Jen had some crab legs and we each had a couple drinks. Things were mellowing out nicely.

Jen finally broke the ice by saying, "Wow, guys that was wonderful last night and this morning, but have you ever done anything like that before?" She was obviously asking Matt and Lisa, she knew we hadn't. Lisa looked down at the table and a slight flush came to her face. 

"Wow again, tell us about it would you?" Jen asked.

"We've shared everything else" Lisa started quietly, "but, you have to promise not to say anything."

"You're not going to tell anyone else about us are you?" Jen asked.

"Not without your permission." Lisa assured. She looked around reassuring herself no one could hear. "It was last year, shortly after we were in our basement watching porno, remember? She didn't wait for an answer. Matt and I talked about it afterward and felt bad that we had chickened out and hid in the bedroom. 

About a week later, Mike and Jane invited us over for dinner. Jane had gotten a sitter and we were all drinking pretty heavy. Mike suggested we watch a movie. We watched a little bit of a movie I can't even remember and no one was getting into it. Finally Mike suggested he had a better idea and popped in a porno. 

We had watched porn before with Mike and Jane but nothing ever happened. I don't know if it was the drinks or what but, we started fooling around. Matt had his hands under my shirt working on my boobs and my nipples were huge. I looked over and Mike was doing the same to Jane. I don't know what got into me but I just reached down and took my top off. Mike took Jane's off and things just went from there. 

We ended up all naked and having sex on their two sofas in the family room. Mike has a very fat cock. We stayed with our own partners though and felt a little embarrassed afterward. We left shortly after the movie ended. They've asked us several times since to watch some porno again but we just haven't gotten the courage up. Now we might have to try it. Well that's the story."

"Are we ready to leave?" Jen asked a little too eagerly.

"One more drink, then we'll go." I suggested. Everyone agreed and we ordered another round. Jennifer even had her third. An astounding number for her. When the waitress brought the drinks, I asked for the check and took care of it, telling Matt he could get the next one. That left us free to leave when we finished our drinks. 

As I leaned back to sip mine, I felt very happy. Half way through my drink my right hand found Jen's thigh under the table and squeezed. I got a smile back but it seemed a little strange. As I slid my hand up her thigh I found out why. Matt was there ahead of me. Not one for conflict I let my left hand slide high on Lisa's thigh and damned if Matt wasn't there too. "Well, if you're not drinking we might as well leave." I laughed sarcastically at Matt. He stopped to leave a tip, generous guy that he is. By the time he caught up, I had a wife in each arm. He followed slowly pouting just a little.

When we arrived back at the room, I fixed Lisa and I another drink with a bottle of rum I had packed. Matt plopped down on one bed and Jen on the other. I joined Jen and Lisa followed me. Matt pouted but stayed on the other bed. Lisa and I sipped our drinks and just relaxed. But Jen had other ideas. She began rubbing my dick through my jeans. Suddenly, there were two hands. I looked down and saw their eyes meet. Then they kissed. Not the kiss of lovers, but the kiss of very best friends. 

They parted and turned their attention to getting me out of my clothes. I tried to help but too many hands didn't work. Finally I just relaxed and things went much smoother. The next thing I knew I was the only naked person in the room. Matt got up and stood at the end of the bed. Jen and Lisa met again at my cock. Two sets of lips replaced two hands and I was in dreamland. Two women mouthing your cock is like no other sensation on earth. I love getting head. The worst I've ever had was simply wonderful. 

As one set of lips covered the crown the other was nearing my jewels. And then they passed each other trading places. I was nearly climbing the wall at the head of the bed. Then I got distracted. As hard as that might be to believe, I noticed Matt was now busy trying to undress his wife. Lisa was doing her best to maintain contact with my cock and assist Matt in getting out of her clothes. As soon as that mission was complete, Matt started to strip Jen. 

She was having a little more trouble with Matt's hands stripping and groping at the same time. But together they finally succeeded and she returned to licking around my scrotum. My cock was too far down Lisa's throat for her to lick it. That left Matt, still in his clothes, standing at the foot of the bed with a hand exploring each woman's ass. I almost envied him but had nothing to complain about. 

Jen and Lisa traded places again and as Jen engulfed my shaft, Lisa left the bed to help Matt out of his clothes. When she came back, I was nearing orgasm and the touch of her tongue near the bottom of my scrotum was almost more than I could take. I looked around for another distraction to slow things down and found Matt working his hands between Jen's other lips. 

By the sounds she was making around my cock, I could tell he had his fingers around her clit and was strumming a mighty tune. Just as she was about to cum he mounted her ass and slid his cock into her pussy. She went wild. My cock was buried in her throat and Matt was stroking her pussy with his full length. Her entire body shook so hard it made the bed shake (not that it wasn't anyway). She came and came but, never let go of my cock. 

Just as I realized the explosion was imminent, Lisa stuck a finger up my ass. I blew apart. My entire body seemed to flow down my cock and into Jen's mouth. She sputtered and swallowed and kept swallowing, taking all I had to give. She started to lick me clean and then passed me off to Lisa, so she could concentrate on Matt's cock still pumping her pussy. 

I know she was trying her best to make him come. He rewarded her efforts with a last deep thrust and gripped her hips so hard he left finger impressions in red. I began to recover my senses and realized my friend, Lisa, was the only one without release. But it was not due to lack of effort. She was on her back now with three fingers buried deep in her cunt. 

I replaced her fingers with my own. I wanted to do more but hadn't had time to recover yet. I buried my face in her cunt as well and tongued her love button as best I could. It worked and she rocketed into a screaming good come. She clamped her thighs around my neck in a near carotid choke. I had to wedge my hands between her thighs and spread them to keep from passing out. God, isn't friendship a beautiful thing.

We continued through the night in every conceivable combination. Two guys one girl, two girls one guy, everything except two girls or two guys. We napped off and on and when one woke they searched for a partner then rested.

We woke up early the next morning, showered, dressed, and hit the road for home. About an hour out we stopped for breakfast. We all ate mightily and hit the road refreshed. 

We talked all the way home and agreed that the weekend was a more than pleasant experience that we all wanted to continue. Back home we returned to our work and lives. We stayed in touch but schedules made it difficult to get together. 

Jen and I were like newlyweds. We couldn't get enough of sex or each other. We fucked, made love, and had sex every day and in almost every room of the house, it was wonderful. We talked, fantasized, and had lots of fun. 

After a week and a half we were dying to see Matt and Lisa again. Lisa called after supper Wednesday night and invited us over for a swim. We gladly accepted. When we arrived we realized Matt wasn't there. She assured us that he had called and was just finishing up at work and would be home shortly. We all had a drink and got into the pool.

Matt arrived about a half hour later. We were just about ready for another drink and I offered to make some for the girls while Matt got into his trunks. When Matt came out I offered to make his and he handed the girls theirs. While Matt and I caught up on the latest news and I made his drink, the girls were off in a corner working on their drinks. 

When we turned to get in the pool, we were both struck by wet bathing suits. We dove right in and caught our wives before they could get away. "Now what are we going to do to them?" I asked.

Matt suggested we let them know what wet bathing suits hitting you felt like. We shucked our suits and put our wives across our laps. We "spanked" them with our wet suits and just when their bottoms were starting to turn red, we stopped. 

They apologized all over themselves for hurting us and said they would make it up to us. They had us sit on the side of the pool and nestled between our legs and gave us each a fantastic blowjob. They traded places several times so we could compare techniques. Lisa took my load and Jen swallowed Matt's. 

We in turn apologized for their "spanking" and went down on them. Again trading places several times. By the time they each had a couple good orgasms it was getting quite late and we all had to work the next day. Jen and I bid them a good night, grabbed our suits and snuck across the dark backyard to our house. We rinsed off in the shower, dried each other and jumped into bed. We made slow sensual passionate love and fell asleep still joined.
