 Chapter 3

Several weeks passed with Matt and Lisa and Jen and I enjoying a lot of time together to explore our expanding relationship. We really got to know a lot more about one another. The kids were spending the weekend with ex-spouses or grandparents and we were looking forward to some fun.

On Friday Lisa called Jen and apologized saying they would not be able to get together this weekend as Mike and Jane had invited them over for a barbeque tonight and she had promised to go shopping with Jane on Saturday. Jen was obviously disappointed but told Lisa she understood and we would see them later. Just as I was walking through the door from work the phone rang. It was Jane calling Jen to say they had plenty of food and we were welcome to come over there for the barbeque. Jen quickly asked me and as I was ready for supper I agreed.

Only after she hung up the phone did the question occur to me. Jen asked me the same. "I wonder if this is just a barbeque?"

"Jen, maybe we're reading too much into this. It's just a Friday night get together for dinner." I admonished. "Just in case though, I better hit the shower." 

I took a quick shower and grabbed some shorts and a t-shirt. We arrived about six-thirty and found Mike, Jane, Lisa, and Matt on the patio with drinks in hand. Mike offered to make us a drink and we settled in to wait for dinner. Mike said the steaks would be done in about twenty minutes. We drank and chatted for about twenty minutes and Jane asked Jen and Lisa to help her get the rest of dinner on the table. We all sat down to a wonderful summer dinner of steaks, potato salad, and watermelon. The dinner was wonderful and the conversation light. 

After dinner, Mike offered some shots of watermelon schnapps to keep the picnic going and we all agreed. Jane said she had gotten her sister to take the kids for the weekend so that she and Mike could have an adult weekend. Jen and I shot each other questioning looks but the conversation continued. We had known Mike (our lawyer by the way) and Jane for some time and considered them friends. The story Lisa had told us made it difficult for us to think of them the same as before though. They were very nice attractive people. Mike was another blond and blue guy with a muscular 5'10" frame. Jane was about 5'6 with a killer figure. Nice soft tits about 36C I guessed and round hips, slim waist, all the right things. Her eyes were deep brown very much like Jen's and her hair was brown and cut in a short attractive style.

"Dan, what do you think?" Jane was asking. But I hadn't heard what they were talking about. I was so distracted. I wondered if she realized what I was doing? She continued, "I was just saying we're still young and we need some adult time together to maintain a healthy relationship, don't you agree?"

"Yes, of course." I responded just trying to get off the hook.

No such luck. "Well, what kind of fun do you like, Dan?" Jane asked her eyes burrowing right into me.

"Oh, adult fun." I responded trying to be a smart ass.

"Us too," said Jane "we were going to get a good porno going later would you like that?"

I was trapped. I looked at Jen and got a quick nod, yes. "Sure, Jane, that sounds like fun."

We all talked for awhile about porno. What we had seen, what we liked, and what we found peculiar. The wives said they didn't understand how two women could do each other. Except Jane who remained conspicuously quiet. But the guys all said they found it very stimulating. When the girls asked about two guys doing each other the guys all wanted to change the subject.

We all did a couple more shots and watched the sunset behind the trees before collectively walking into the family room. Mike and Jane have a huge family room with a fireplace on one wall, a monster big screen television on another, two sofas, a love seat, and two reclining chairs with ottomans and several nice tables. It was a very comforting room well decorated and homey. We talked for a few more minutes and Jane asked Mike to start the movie.

The movie started with two girls talking about a get together that was upcoming. This scene progressed to the two of them exciting each other with conversation and then using hands and eventually tongues. That scene only lasted about five minutes. "I loved that." said Mike as he was trying to feel up under Jane's shirt. Jane had a hand down the front of her shorts working on her pussy. The next scene was the two girls and their mates at a back yard barbeque of all places. They were in bikinis and there was a pool in the backyard. Just as the teasing was getting started another couple walked into the yard. We all looked at each other, the similarity was a little unnerving. "I really hadn't seen this one before." Jane offered although she wasn't convinced anyone was buying it.

The scene progressed to all three couples naked in the pool and then screwing their spouses at various venues around the pool. It was definitely good hot sex. By the time they had all started screwing it was getting very warm in Mike and Jane's family room. The lights had been dimmed but, I could clearly see Mike's hands under Jane's shirt and her hands fumbling with his shorts. Lisa and Matt were busy as well but I couldn't see them as clearly. Jen and I had settled on the love seat and now I was wishing we had taken a sofa. I was very uncomfortable, with a raging hardon in my shorts and no amount of movement seemed to relieve the situation. 

I had managed to get my right hand under Jen's t-shirt and bra and she was snaking a hand up the leg of my shorts. As the couples on the television screen began to change partners, I decided I had to have some relief. I stood up to reposition myself and before I could sit back down, Jen reached up and started to undo my shorts. I looked back over my shoulder and found Jane's head in Mike's lap and a broad grin on his face. I had never before realized how sexy Jane was. Jen had managed to lower my shorts and jockeys. My cock nearly hit her in the nose. She grabbed the shaft as I turned and sat back down. 

She began stroking my cock as I watched Jane deep throat Mike. Mike's cock was at least eight inches long and quite thick. I was amazed by Jane's ability to get that all in her mouth. Then I noticed that Jen was watching Mike and Jane also. Her tongue shot out to moisten her lips and our eyes met.

We stood up together and walked over to the sofa Mike and Jane occupied. I kicked my shorts off enroute. As we neared the sofa, Jane came up for air and appeared a little shocked to be staring right at my cock. "I couldn't help but admire your technique, Jane." Jen said. "Would you mind sharing your secret with me?" she asked.

"I think the secret is before us, but I wouldn't mind sharing." Jane quipped. Jen apparently needed no further invitation. She joined Jane, grabbed Mike's cock, and proceeded to try to stuff it down her throat. Jane, true to her word, shared Mike's cock with my wife. In no time at all they had Mike howling in lust. I was so engrossed in watching, I didn't even realize for a moment that I had begun stroking my own dick. As I watched these two beautiful women sharing a cock the movie was long forgotten. I stroked my self slowly and enjoyed comparing the techniques of the two women. 

Jen used a lot of tongue movement and suction, while Jane used a lot of movement up and down the shaft and used her hands on Mike's balls. Between the two I knew Mike didn't have much longer. Just then he started to shoot and shoved Jane off his cock. He aimed the next load and sprayed it all over Jen's face. He shot another load at Jane's face and then finished by inserting his cock in Jen's mouth. 

As Mike retreated, Jen looked at Jane and realized that her face was covered with Mike's cum. Without a moments hesitation she began licking the cum from Jane's cheeks, forehead, and chin. Jane reciprocated and began cleaning the remains of her husband from Jen's face. As she finished she grabbed Jen by the shoulders and crushed her lips against Jen's. Then they apparently shared the cum they had gathered with each other. This was without a doubt the most erotic thing I had ever seen and just to verify that I shot a load straight up in the air and it came down on my stomach. 

"Hey, ladies I got some more for you over here." I yelled. They scrambled to each side of me and proceeded to do a very thorough cleaning of my stomach and my cock. By the time they were finished cleaning, I was hard as a rock again. I looked over at Mike and so was he. From out of no where, Matt and Lisa rejoined the group sans clothing. Mike suggested a dip in the Jacuzzi. As Mike and Jane removed their clothes, we all got up and headed out the sliding glass doors onto the back yard deck. The back yard had an eight foot wooden fence that afforded plenty of privacy. 

We settled down into the water with Jane to my left, then Matt, then Jen, then Mike, then Lisa, and back to me. I leaned back against the edge of the Jacuzzi, closed my eyes, and just let the jets do their work. I was startled out of my reverie by two hands closing simultaneously over my softened penis. I opened my eyes to two grinning and obviously horny women. I looked across at Jen who had both hands under the water in opposite directions and also had that horny grin on her face.

"Now this is adult fun!" I said to no one in particular as I raised up and sat on the side of the Jacuzzi. Jane and Lisa went to work immediately coaxing my cock back to life. Jane's lips were thick and soft. Lisa's thin but wonderful. Matt was now up on the side across from me and Jen was kneeling in front of him with his cock deep in her mouth. Mike was busy behind her with both hands exploring her ass and spreading her pussy. Lisa came out of the pool and stood straddling my face and lowered her sweet pussy to my lips. Jane straddled my thighs and guided my cock to her core. She had a lovely cunt that was shaved completely and thick hanging lips. I was really loving this. A pussy to eat and one to fuck at the same time. I did my best to equally divide my attention so that neither woman felt neglected. 

I ate with abandon and screwed with the same resolve. Jane's warm wet cavern was doing it's magic and I was rushing toward climax. I redoubled my efforts to make certain both women got theirs. Lisa came first and poured a stream so big I thought for a moment she had pissed in my mouth but the flow had a pungent sweetness to it. 

As Lisa collapsed onto the deck, I stood up and spun Jane around to where I had been sitting. I grabbed her calves and raised her legs over my head to give me full access. I might not be quite as big around as Mike but my nine and a half inches was going all the way in. Her dark brown eyes had a real sparkle to them as I skewered her as best I could. She came in a loud shuddering shaking mass as her cunt muscles contracted around my cock. That was all I could take and I buried myself and shot her a full load. I rolled onto the deck and propped myself up on my elbows. 

As I looked across the Jacuzzi, I saw Jen on the deck on her knees with Mike's cock in her mouth and Matt's dick pounding in and out of her cunt. They were both giving it to her good. As she recoiled from Mike, she skewered her pussy on Matt's dick and then she reversed the whole thing. I had never seen her so wild. 

As I watched she pushed Mike away and stood up. She instructed Matt to lay down on the deck and then lowered herself onto his dick. As soon as she felt comfortable she grabbed Mike by the cock and pulled him around behind her. The light came on and he needed no further instruction. My jaw dropped. Mike spread the cheeks of Jen's ass and stuck a finger he had wetted in his mouth, into her anus. As Jen adjusted to his finger it became two. Once she and Matt had settled into a rhythm, Mike withdrew his fingers and pressed the head of his thick eight inch cock against her sphincter. With ever increasing pressure he pushed forward until at last he was buried in Jen's ass. 

So much for her too big argument. She not only had a fat cock up her ass but also had Matt's not small cock up her cunt at the same time. She screamed out her climax loud enough to disturb neighbors a block away. But Matt and Mike were not done. They were just getting their act together and continued to pound away at both her openings. She came again and before that one subsided totally she came again. It was like nothing I had ever seen. 

Unconsciously I had gotten up and walked around the Jacuzzi to get a better view and stood before my wife getting fucked in both her ass and cunt. Just as I realized this she pushed herself up on her hands and motioned for me to get closer. She opened her mouth and took my dick into her throat. The picture was complete. Although I had already cum twice, the sight of my wife taking on three guys at once was more than I could take. I came almost immediately. Jen came again as well and that was followed by both Mike and Matt filling her openings with their loads. We all collapsed in a heap. Jen passed out. I checked her and she was fine, but needed to rest. 

Slowly the sound of muffled moans filtered into my brain. I looked over to where I had left Jane and Lisa and could not believe my eyes. They were in a classic sixty-nine position with their faces buried in the pussy of the other. Mike and Matt and I could only watch what I was sure was a fantasy for each of us taking place just a few feet away. Lisa came, then Jane, then Lisa, then Jane, and we lost count. I don't know how long we watched them but they never parted. 

When we had all been brought back to life by the scene, we joined them. Leaving Jen to rest. Matt and Mike double teamed Lisa, while Jane turned an inviting ass to me. We fucked till two thirty in the morning. I got dressed said my goodbyes and carried Jen to the car wrapped in a blanket. I drove home, carried her into bed, covered her up, and crashed beside her.