 Chapter 4

Saturday, just before noon, Lisa called to see that Jen was okay and asked if she wanted to go shopping with she and Jane. Jen said she felt fine but needed to catch up on some things around the house. She suggested maybe they could give her a call when they got back.

As she hung up the phone and turned to me, she said the first thing she wanted to catch up on was what she had missed last night. I asked if she was sure she was okay? She said she really felt wonderful but, could not believe what had happened. I told her that I was more than a little worried when she passed out but that I had checked her vital signs (we were both emergency medical technicians) and found she was fine. Again, she said she felt great but guessed she had a little to much to drink and maybe even too much sex although it was wonderful.

I told her I couldn't believe how much things had changed in the past few weeks. A few weeks ago it was an occasional fantasy to think of sex with someone other than her and on very rare occasions even imagine that she might enjoy sex with another man. But never in my wildest fantasies had I ever imagined that she could take on three guys at one time and enjoy it so much. I also told her how much I still loved her and wanted her sexually.

Jen said she had surprised herself with the lust she felt when she first saw Matt and Mike's pricks for the first time. She said she loved Matt but a different love than the one she had for me. Like a very good friend and confidant, kind of like the way she felt about Lisa. I told her I understood and I also loved Matt and Lisa. Then we talked about Mike and Jane and admitted when we had been invited over, we had each hoped it would lead to sex. We both liked Mike and Jane but with them it was more lust than anything. With this discussion, we learned that we both still loved one another, that we loved Matt and Lisa, and that we enjoyed sex just for the sake of sex. We also admitted that we would like more adventure in our future.

Jen brought me back to task, telling me she wanted to know every detail of what she had missed last night. I started with "your not going to believe this but" ........and filled in all the blanks. I didn't leave out a thing. I wanted her to know that she could trust me and trust me to tell her anything. It took me about a half hour to give her the details and by the time the story of Jane and Lisa eating each other's pussies was told we were both squirming in our seats.

She practically ripped my clothes off and we had hot passionate animal sex right there on the floor. We both had some minor carpet burns to contend with by the time we finished. We laid next to one another on the floor and laughed out loud for ten minutes or until my side hurt so bad I had to stop.

We got up showered together and began cleaning up around the house. We were just finishing cleaning and thinking about grabbing some lunch, when Matt knocked on the back door. He didn't wait for a response but just stepped in. "Hey," Jen yelled feigning anger "you might have caught me naked."

"Yea," Matt grinned "just one of the rewards of living next door."

"We were just going to grab some lunch, want to join us?" I asked.

"Lisa and Jane should be getting back shortly and we thought we'd throw something on the grill at our place. Mike is coming by in about an hour." Matt said and then threw in "But if you have something else in mind."

Jen grabbed his arm and started dragging him towards the bedroom, "What I have in mind will burn calories." she laughed. 

"Am I invited?" I called after her.

"Sure, the more the merrier." she called back as she made the corner and threw Matt toward our king size bed. When I rounded the corner they were well on their way to naked. I set a record for stripping and joined them. Matt took Jen's left breast in his mouth and I fastened myself to her right. We worked her nipples over and caressed our way down her belly. Matt got there ahead of me and so I tried to turn her on her side to get at her ass. Jen begged off saying she was still a little sore from last night. She promised to make it up to me. I kissed her and went back to working over both her ample breasts.

Matt was now busily lapping her pussy and it was having a very positive effect. Jen grabbed my cock and pulled me toward her mouth. As she swallowed the majority of my cock for the first time, Matt drove her over the edge. I felt her teeth just lightly scrape my cock and asked her to be careful. I don't know if she heard me she was shaking the bed so hard. Then as I worked my cock back and forth across her tongue, she pulled Matt up to the entrance of her pussy. He buried himself in her warmth. After just a few strokes, she shoved my hips away from her face and said "Switch. I want to see which one of you can hold out the longest."

Matt and I did our best. We switched positions every few strokes and I think that actually helped. We worked very "hard" and brought Jen off several times. Finally, just as I was shoving my cock as deep as possible into her pussy, I noticed Matt's ass muscles clench and knew I had won. He spilled his load and a little stream ran out of the corner of her mouth. That sight triggered my own orgasm, the sight of another man's cum running out the corner of my wife's mouth caused me to jerk rapidly and fill her cunt with my juice. God, how things have changed.

Matt apologized for having to run saying he "had to get the grill out and get some other things ready at home. Mike and the girls should be here any minute. Would you guys mind if we invited Jack and Suzanne and Rick and Sara?"

"Why would we care who you invited to your house, Matt?" we asked almost as one. "Oh, no of course not." we added as the answer to our own question dawned on us. Matt slipped into his shorts and out the back door.

"I wonder how many of our circle of friends are into swapping mates?" I pondered toward Jen and continued "This sounds like it might become a full fledged orgy. Are we ready for that?"

"Suzanne and Sara are very good friends and I must admit more than a little curiosity about Jack and Rick." Jen offered.

"Well, I guess that answers that. We better get showered and get going." I said. A half hour later we were standing around the pool at Matt and Lisa's sipping drinks. Jane and Lisa were sporting new thong bikinis, the fruits of their shopping. Enough to drive an ass man wild. Jen should have gone along but she would never go along with a thong. Besides someone had to entertain Matt. 

Jack and Suzanne had just arrived. They were both very tanned. Jack was a very successful salesman and he and Suzanne traveled a lot. They were in their mid thirties. Jack was starting to go bald prematurely and was just a little heavy for his six foot frame. Suzanne is very pretty but a little intimidating. She is almost as tall as Jack's six feet, with a nice shape and very green eyes. Her brown hair is trimmed short. Just as they were getting their drinks, Rick and Sara arrived. Rick works with Jen and Sara is a secretary in their office. Rick is six feet tall, slender, with sandy blond thinning hair and a boyish grin. He has a wild sense of humor and should be doing stand up comedy. He is always making us laugh. Sara is very cute, about five foot eight and very thin. A friendly bubbly personality, with light blond shoulder length hair. Sara has almost no breasts. I think because of this she seems a little shy and intimidated. She and Jen have been friends for a long time.

We're all drinking, having a good time, and nearly naked in our bathing suits. Except for Sara, who's wearing a long cover-up over her suit, we're all in rather small swimsuits. The alcohol is starting to raise the noise level. Rick has the guys all gathered around him telling some off-color jokes. The girls are together admiring Lisa and Jane's new swimsuits and discussing why they wouldn't have the courage to wear one. I hear Jen say too much of her ass would show and I step in to say she has a nice ass. Sara who is apparently beginning to feel her drinks says, "And huge tits, too." 

We all laugh and Sara blushes bright red. As things settle back down, Jen says "Well thank you Sara, but you have nice boobs too." Sara rips her cover-up off her shoulder and tosses it toward a chaise "Where?" she practically screams. Before anyone can console her, she reaches back and unties her sting bikini top and tosses it after her wrap. Now the guys all gather around and stare. True they aren't very big at all. But the sight of our friend standing there topless still gave me a little rise.

Sara suddenly realized all the guys were standing around staring at her small tits. She cried in a pathetic pleading voice, "Hey, girls can you help me out here?" One by one the girls hugged Sara and then dropped their tops in a pile with hers. Once all the wives were topless it seemed everyone's mouth was dry. New drinks for everyone. 

Things quickly settled back down with the guys gathered in one corner of the yard laughing and the girls in another talking quietly. As we were finishing those drinks, the girls started giving the guys a hard time because we had all seen their tits. They complained that they had seen nothing. Well the guys having been challenged argued that they still had the same amount of clothing on as the girls. The girls said okay but you guys first. The guys were ready. They whipped off their trunks and threw them in the pile with the girls tops. As soon as the guys were all naked the girls grabbed the pile and tossed it over the wooden privacy fence into the yard. It took a minute for the guys to realize they had been had.

The girls saw the look on the guys faces and began to turn but it was too late. In the rush of guys to girls, it was too difficult to make sure you grabbed your own wife, so it was everyone for themselves. Each guy grabbed a girl and headed to the pool. They didn't throw them in but, dove in with them. The girls came up sputtering and fighting to maintain their last article of clothing. But as one girl lost, her partner joined another guy until, with a lot of shrieking and laughing, every woman was as naked as the next. 

The swimsuit bottoms were not thrown far enough that they couldn't have been retrieved but nobody made the effort. We all horsed around a little, getting a little feel, and gradually wore ourselves down. We started getting out of the pool and getting another drink and Matt said he would get the grill going. We were all out of the pool now. It was no longer guys and girls though. it was smaller groups of two or three mixed male and female. Matt started the grill and gradually people pitched in to get a light supper together. We ate and chatted and drank and got comfortable despite the fact that we all continued to be naked. We finished eating, cleaned up the paper plates, plastic silverware, and trash and settled back with fresh drinks.

Slowly, almost unnoticed couples began to form. Suzanne and Mike were sitting on the steps at the shallow end of the pool. Rick and Lisa were sitting in lounge chairs up by the house. Jane was sitting at the end of the diving board and Matt was sitting behind her with his arms around her waist. Jen and Jack were sitting on the other side of the pool talking. Holy shit, I just looked at Jack's cock! I have only seen cocks that big in porno movies. It must be nearly a foot long. My mouth must have been hanging open and Sara was saying something to me. 

"I'm sorry, Sara, I was distracted and didn't hear what you said." I looked directly into her eyes. 

"I thought you were staring at your wife's big tits." she said. 

"No, actually I just noticed how big Jack's cock is. I hope he doesn't hurt her." I answered. 

"Yea, everything is big except me." she said. 

"Sara, I find your breasts beautiful and I could really enjoy them." I said.

"Well, please do." she offered. 

With that I reached out and caressed an almost little girl breast. I was surprised at it's softness and at the reaction of her nipple. It sprang out hard as nails atop a very soft bit of flesh. A moan escaped the confinement of her throat and she closed her eyes. I cupped her other breast and got a similar reaction. As I tweaked her metallic hard nipples, her hand groped my cock. I began to stiffen and bent my head to take a nipple in my mouth. As my lips closed over her breast, I felt her knees go a little wobbly. Her breasts were small but very sensitive. 

The slightest manipulation garnered the most positive of responses. I was really getting into this and was determined to show her small breasts a good time. She was also intent on giving me one hell of a hand job. As I passed back to the sharpness of her taunt left nipple and just grazed it with my teeth, Sara grabbed my head in both hands and held it in place. Now she controlled which breast was being stimulated and for how long. Slowly she walked us back to a chaise near the house and when we got there, she reclined. As I went back to work on her breasts, she guided me between her legs and huskily whispered she was ready. 

Ready was an historic understatement. I entered her channel in one thrust. She was tight muscled but absolutely sopping wet. Then it dawned on me that she had already cum by just having her breasts stimulated. I continued to work on her nipples with my hands as I worked on her pussy with my cock. I was rewarded with an exhilarating ride. She put all her effort into squeezing and releasing her internal muscles. In no time at all, she had me rushing toward a very noisy climax. We came at nearly the same time and I filled her with my seed. Not wanting to wreck the chair, I left right after coming and crashed into the other chaise beside a very happy looking Sara. She complimented me on my lovemaking technique and I reciprocated, as we surveyed the scene around us.

Matt was on top of Jane still on the diving board. It had to be hard to keep from falling into the pool. Not to mention how hard the diving board surface had to be hurting his knees. Jen and Jack were both on their knees on the other side of the pool on the concrete. Jen was managing to take Jack's monster cock from behind. Mike and Suzanne were deeply involved in a sixty-nine in the grass at the shallow end of the pool. It just occurred to me that Jane and Suzanne are sisters, wow. 

It also occurred to me that the chaises Sara and I occupied had been occupied by Rick and Lisa earlier and they were missing from the pool area. They had to be inside. I asked Sara if she wanted to go check on them? She declined saying she thought she might go ask Jen to share as it looked like Jack had plenty. As she got up to walk to the other side of the pool, I was content to just sit and watch enjoying a quiet moment.

A few moments later, Matt had traded places with Jane and was being ridden hard. Sara was standing near Jack while he explored her pussy with a free hand. Mike had now mounted Suzanne and was pounding her hard. I was starting to come back to life and realized I needed to find the bathroom. I got up and went into the house. 

As I exited the bathroom, I noticed the door was open to the master bedroom. I could not resist a peek. Rick was on his back with Lisa on top in the middle of the king size bed. Unconsciously I began to stroke my hardening dick as Lisa rose and fell on Rick's. When I realized I was stroking my dick furiously, I turned to leave and tripped and fell into the wall. A startled pause was followed by laughter. As I was picking myself up, Lisa, still laughing, said "That's what you get for spying."

I apologized for spying and added "That ass of yours waving in the air is enough to trip any man." I started to leave and Lisa called me back saying I was welcome to join them. I asked Rick if he minded and he said of course not. I turned and walked back into the room. Lisa's ass was still waving over Rick's cock. It drew me in like a siren. As I climbed onto the bed, I went straight to it and tested the texture with both hands. I knelt behind her and brought my face right up close. Sex was in the air but also there was a pungent muskiness that drew me closer. 

My tongue snaked out to test more texture. I traced the crevice of those sweet globes and found the puckered ring of her anus. I pushed my tongue into her nether region and relished the sensation. Several minutes passed as I enjoyed a different feast. When I could no longer hold back, I withdrew my face and inched my hips up close. Lisa reached back with both hands and spread her cheeks wide in invitation. I placed the head of my cock at her opening and pushed slowly forward. As I slowly entered her rectum, the sensation of Rick's cock pushing in on the other side of the thin membrane separating Lisa's pussy and anus, was one I had never felt before. 

It made Lisa's already tight ass excruciatingly exciting. Rick pushed in and I pulled out. I pushed in and Rick pulled out. We found an easy rhythm and maintained it. Yesterday I had witnessed Jen experience this same type of union. Now I had some idea of what that felt like. Long before I wanted it to, my orgasm approached with the subtlety of a thundering herd. The swelling of Rick's cock was the unlikely trigger. We swelled and squirted in unison and that in turn carried Lisa over the edge. We had only just collapsed when Rick reminded us he was on the bottom of the pile. We arose and staggered out to the pool.

We all jumped in the pool to clean, cool, and otherwise recover. I was so sexually sated I hadn't even looked around to see where Jen was. When I came up for air I almost choked. Right on the side of the pool in front of me was my wife. Jen was almost choking as well. She had Jack's monster cock in her throat at least about ten inches of it. She also had Mike's cock in one hand and Matt's in the other, but what I really could not believe was that Sara had her face buried in Jen's cunt. I knew that Jen always got off when I went down on her and that once she got going she really seemed to enjoy it. 

   But I had also heard her say many times that she thought two women together was disgusting. Well apparently not when she's on the receiving end. I think maybe Sara had done this before, or what they say about a woman just knowing what spots to hit is really true. She was driving Jen wild. Jen was jacking both Matt and Mike furiously and devouring Jack's huge cock. She was breathing in huge gulps and moaning around Jack's cock. Her hips were rising to meet every touch of Sara's busy tongue. 

I was so shocked I didn't even notice Rick and Lisa swim up beside me. As I watched the unreal scene before me, I felt a hand on my dick. I looked over and saw Lisa standing between Rick and I gripping both our cocks. Just when I thought I wouldn't be able to stand anymore, I noticed Jane and Suzanne were on the ground near Sara's feet. The two sisters were busily eating each other's pussy. This was obviously not the first time for them either. Where ever I turned my head there was dynamic sexual activity. 

I had to get involved. I pulled my self out of the pool and walked over to Jane and Suzanne. Suzanne was on top with Jane lying under her licking her pussy. I just stepped right between Suzanne legs, spread the cheeks of her ass, and without a word started stuffing my cock still wet from the pool, into her anus. Suzanne looked over her shoulder and smiled. Then she turned and stuck her face right back into her sister's cunt. I loved it. I had been trying to get Jen into anal sex for some time and now I had fucked Lisa's ass and was fucking Suzanne's. The best part though was that while I was doing that, I was watching another woman eat Jen's pussy while Jen did her best to pleasure three men at once. 

This was truly unbelievable. I thought with my cock stuffed into a tight butt I couldn't last but, with all the fucking and sucking I had been getting lately, it seemed I could go on forever and I did. I pounded Suzanne's ass while I watched her husband spray a load of cum down my wife's throat. I pounded away while Mike and Matt both sprayed loads on Jen's tits. And I pounded away as Jen came again and again with Sara eating her pussy. 
