 Sunday dawned quietly. We awoke, showered, and ate without disturbing the feeling of tranquility. While Jen cleaned up from breakfast, I took out the trash and straightened up the garage. When Jen came out of the house, I suggested a drive in the country. We grabbed some pop and some snacks and headed out of town. We ended up at a picnic site about ten miles north of town in an old growth forest that had several hiking trails. We decided to go for a walk and took off down the trail holding hands. It was a wonderful warm quiet summer Sunday, quite a change from the activity packed into the prior two days.

As we walked and held each other close, we talked about our feelings. How much fun we had and at the same time how strange it had felt. We had talked occasionally in the past about the fact that some people were swingers and swapped wives but only as an oddity not as an idea that we were entertaining. What had transpired over the past couple of weeks had really come as a surprise to us both. From the night of our first meeting we had been passionately sexually attracted to each other and very active in demonstrating that. Over the course of the next few years we maintained an active sex life, although we both admitted it had become a bit predictable. Boy, had that changed. Having both been married early if life and divorced we had known other partners but not since we had met. After the experiences of the weekend, we still loved one another and were committed to one another. Neither of us wanted to change that. But, we were concerned. Over an extended period of time, would outside sexual encounters affect our relationship? 

We decided we both had liked the sex but would give it up if it threatened our relationship. We decided we would never engage in a sexual relationship without the other knowing and approving. We would also never ask the other to participate in a relationship they did not want to pursue. We also did not want to jeopardize anyone else's relationship. If there was any indication there was going to be a problem we would get out. We decided on some discreet hand signals we could share to let the other know how we felt. With these issues settled, we were convinced we would like to pursue these experiences again if opportunity presented itself.

We had arrived at the end of the trail. We were deep in the forest and decided we had better hustle back. As we walked we talked in a much more relaxed way.

"Jen, you know what? I was just thinking that some things that have happened in the past and seemed perfectly innocent, now I wonder."

"Like what?"

"Well, Bryan and Debra."

"You dirty old lecher, already looking for someone new."

"Probably, but think about it. How many times has the "Mazola Oil party" been brought up?"

"Yes, you're right. Bryan started that years ago but, Debra has brought it up on several occasions too."

"Now I wonder if they're serious but, how do we find out? Or do you even want to know if they are? You and Bryan have known each other a long time."

"He was friends with my dad first. But, was closer to my age. He is a nice looking guy, but I never thought about him like that before. We could stop over for a visit, take a bottle of wine, and a bottle of Mazola Oil. We pretend it's a gag and see where it goes."

"Now, who is the dirty old lecher?" 

"Well you would still like to get in Debra's pants wouldn't you?"

"Yes, I would." I said matter of factly. We arrived back at the car and headed for home. I stopped on the way and bought some nice wine and a bottle of Mazola Oil.

I had Monday off work and spent the day working in the yard. I took time out at lunch and made a large tossed salad. I took some pork steaks out of the freezer and called Jen to tell her I would have them on the grill when she got home. Jen suggested we owed Matt and Lisa a dinner and she would call Lisa to see if they could make it. I said in that case I would throw on some potatoes and mix up a pitcher of margaritas. Jen called back a few minutes later to tell me they would be there.

By 5:30pm the steaks were on and the drinks chilled. Jen came in and went right in to change. Matt and Lisa arrived at 5:45pm carrying a pitcher of margaritas. I laughed pulled mine from the freezer and poured everyone a tall one. We stuck the pitchers back in the freezer and went out to the deck. I yelled at Jen and told her to hurry up, her drink was on the counter and if she didn't get it soon someone else would because we were running low.

I was just taking the steaks off the grill when Jen came out. I couldn't believe it, Jen was wearing a halter top and shorts. Jen never wears a halter, she has to have a bra to hold those 38Ds. She offered that the air conditioning had broken down at work. She must have been hot because her tall drink was also half gone. I finished putting the food on the picnic table and retrieved a pitcher from the freezer. I refilled glasses and offered a toast to "best friends". Matt offered a toast to "fine housewives" with a little wave to me. I didn't mind and Jen and Lisa both thanked me for supper. We ate and I made sure the glasses stayed full (melting in the heat you know). After dinner, Jen said she would clean up because I had made such a nice supper. Matt offered to help and Lisa said she would get the other pitcher. I just sat back and enjoyed the warm summer evening. Lisa rejoined me on the deck and filled our glasses. Dishes were clattering as they were loaded into the dishwasher. Things quieted down, I heard the whoosh of water from the dishwasher, and Jen and Matt joined us a couple minutes later. Jen was having a little trouble with her halter as she leaned over to fill she and Matt's glasses. Matt was having no trouble following the bounce of her jugs.

Matt suggested a dip in the pool might help Jen cool down from her hot day and by the looks of my lawn I might like one too. I told Matt I would like that later but I just wanted to relax and finish my drink. Jen said she wouldn't mind a dip if I didn't mind. I flashed her "the sign" and said of course not. Matt led the way as if she couldn't find it. Lisa and I just sat and sipped our drinks. Jen didn't even stop to grab a suit not much subtlety there. Almost an hour passed and the pitcher ran dry. Lisa said she had more mix at home and we walked across the back yard toward the gate to the pool. I walked in and went to the nearest chaise. Lisa went in the slider door to the dining area and I could hear glass clinking. Matt and Jen were swimming back and forth across the pool. Matt hadn't bothered with a suit either. Lisa yelled out to see if they wanted another drink. Matt said no thanks. Jen hadn't heard the question with her head in the water. As she started to turn to go the other way, Matt grabbed her and asked her if she wanted a drink. Jen said no thanks but, stopped swimming.

Lisa came out and handed me a tall glass. She turned and sat hers down on the table between the chaises. As she stood up she began to unbutton her blouse. She dropped her blouse next to the other chaise. Then she unsnapped her shorts, pulled them down her long legs, and threw them near her blouse. As she unhooked her bra, she turned and asked if I was going to come in. I said "In a little while." She turned back and tossed her bra with her shorts and blouse. As my eyes followed the curves of her back she bent and slid her panties down to her ankles. This afforded me a clear view of the slit between her cheeks and just a hint of the slightly darker circle around her anus. A nice tight ass indeed. She stood and kicked her panties to the pile and walked to the pool. She dove in right over Jen's head. I watched as Jen joined her in swimming back and forth across the pool. Matt stood at the side of the pool and watched with me.

After about five trips back and forth the girls stopped in front of Matt. He was just standing there grinning at them. All at once they both grabbed him and threw him toward the center of the pool. Matt, who had not been expecting that came up sputtering. The girls giggled through a half hearted apology and offered to revive him if he drowned. As Matt swam back to the side of the pool, Jen said she was an expert at mouth to mouth and grabbed Matt to "demonstrate". Lisa watched as Jen frenched Matt. As their tongues did battle, Matt's erection showed the effects. Lisa decided not to wait and put her head under the water to capture the rising organ. With Matt standing at the side of the pool, Lisa was just able to get her nostrils out of the water to breathe. She continued to deep throat him while he tried to get his tongue down Jen's throat.

Well it was time for me to get in the pool. I stood up and stripped my clothes and threw them in a pile with Lisa's. I walked into the shallow end of the pool, down the steps, and across to stand directly behind Jen. I reached around and cupped her melons, while my growing erection slid into the crevice between her ass cheeks. I rubbed back and forth enjoying the friction and the water sensation. Jen parted from Matt and grabbed the side of the pool. She bent slightly forward and I took advantage. The change in angle allowed me to part her lips with the head and slide slowly into her. Matt slid up to sit on the side of the pool. Lisa continued to do her best to get him to the back of her throat. It seemed much easier now that she didn't have to be careful with her breathing. After a few minutes, Jen asked if I minded if we switched. I said of course not and withdrew. 

She climbed up the side of the pool, as Lisa came to me. I grabbed Lisa and sat her on the side of the pool next to Matt but closer to the shallow end. I watched as Jen straddled Matt's lap and lowered herself onto his dick. I stepped up to the side of the pool and aimed my tool at Lisa's sweet pink pussy. As I slid in, I could hear Jen reaching her first orgasm. Lisa squeezed me tight into her and clutched my cheeks hard. I took long deep strokes and slowly increased the rhythm. As I was nearing top speed, Lisa pulled me down to her and clamped her lips to mine. Her cunt muscles clamped down in spasms and she trembled from head to toe. I sent my seed deep into her belly and reveled in the sensations of the clamping velvet walls around my turgid member. I collapsed backward into the pool and was joined by Lisa. Matt yelled out his release and pushed up to meet Jen. 

After cooling down and cleaning off in the pool, we decided to go inside for another drink. We toweled off, gathered our clothes, and went inside. Matt and Lisa's wooden dining room chairs did not invite naked sitting and none of us were inclined to get dressed. Matt led the way down the hall to the master bedroom and we all just followed along. The king sized bed offered plenty of lounging area. 

We sipped our drinks, talked, and snuggled. As Jen and I sat our empty glasses down, we kissed deeply with a lot of tongue action. Our lips separated, I began to work my way across her chest and down her stomach. I found her pussy warm and inviting. I circled her clit with my tongue and spread her lips with two fingers. She was really ready as I used the same fingers to penetrate her womanhood. I looked up to her face and found her head laying on Matt's thigh with just the head of his hardening cock between her lips. Then I felt Lisa's lips close around the head of my cock. As the pleasant sensations continued to grow, Matt completed the circle by turning his face to Lisa's pussy. 

There we were all on the way to sexual bliss. Each of us in turn reached our peak and subsided. Without the least conversation, we reversed the circle. I ate Lisa's pussy while she sucked Matt's cock while he ate Jen's pussy while she sucked my cock. We rested and recovered. Then I fucked Jen while Matt fucked Lisa right beside us. We slept. I woke up against Lisa's back and after wetting my dick in her pussy, pressed it into her ass. We woke Matt up and he went around the bed to stick his cock in Jen's mouth. Jen came awake and let Matt fuck her ass too. We slept again. This time when I woke up it was starting to get light. I woke Jen. We grabbed our clothes and snuck across the yard through the dew covered grass. We showered and made ready for work. It was going to be one hell of a long day.

It was a hell of a long day and a long week. I didn't have another day off till the following Tuesday. It was at least busy and kept me doing paperwork almost the whole last day. Was I ever ready for a break.