 By the time I pulled in the drive from my fifteen minute drive home, I had put the work week behind me and was ready to begin my weekend. The problem was it Monday night and the rest of the world didn't start their weekend until Friday.

Jen met me at the door with a kiss and a tall rum and coke. I sipped the drink and we exchanged stories about our day. We decided to go out to eat and I left to go take a shower. Thirty minutes later we were on our way. We decided on our favorite place close to the house. It was about a five minute drive to Mindy's, a small bar/restaurant, on the shore of a small lake just outside town. It was early but, the place was popular and filling up fast. We got a booth against the back wall. We had just gotten our drink order and were waiting for our waitress to come back and take our dinner order. I looked toward the door and standing near the hostess station were Bryan and Debra. Bryan saw me and I waved hello. Jen asked who I was waving at and turned to see Bryan waving back.

Jen suggested they should join us. I excused myself to ask them just as the waitress was heading toward our table. Debra and Bryan accepted saying they really didn't want to wait. We returned to our booth and Debra slid in next to Jen. I waited for Bryan to sit and then slid in across from Debra. Bryan ordered drinks for he and Debra and we agreed to wait to order while they got their drinks. We just said our hellos and the waitress came back with the drinks and we ordered dinner. We caught up on what we had been doing while we waited for dinner. Just as dinner arrived, Jen said "We were just talking about you guys the other day."

"Miss could we get another round?" Bryan said to the waitress and to Jen, "And what were you saying about us?"

Jen and I started laughing and told Bryan it would have to wait for explanation until after dinner, so no one would choke. That really had his curiosity peaked but we put him off and continued with dinner. As we were finishing our dinners the waitress returned to ask about dessert. We declined dessert but I ordered another round of drinks.

When the drinks arrived and the waitress had finished clearing the table of dishes, Bryan said "Well now that the choking hazard has passed, what did you say about us?"

"We were talking about stopping by for a visit." Jen said.

"Okay..........but why would that cause anyone to choke?" Debra asked.

"Well, it's kind of a joke." I started to explain. "It's an old joke you have been laying on us for some time. Every once in while, when we get together or are getting ready to leave, you suggest the next get together be a Mazola Oil party."

"Yea, I remember." Bryan said with a somewhat puzzled look on his face.

"Well," I continued "Jen and I remembered that. We thought we would stop by for a visit and bring a bottle of wine and a bottle of Mazola Oil and see what your reaction was?"

Debra giggled, "But, what would you do if we accepted?"

"Slip and fall, beating you to the floor." I laughed.

"Well, great," laughed Bryan "where's the Mazola?"

"Actually, it's at home with the wine. I did stop and buy a bottle. We just hadn't had the chance to call you." I said.

Bryan said, "We would gladly test the wine and the oil. Debra and I are on vacation this week but, I wouldn't want to mess up your house with Mazola."

"Well let's settle up and go uncork the wine." I said "If you don't mind Jen, it looks like you're the only one who has to work tomorrow."

Jen said that was fine with her. We paid the bill, left a generous tip, and headed for home. Bryan and Debra following in their car. On the road, Jen and I talked. Neither one of us was sure yet whether Bryan and Debra were serious or just kidding. At home we got comfortable and opened the wine. When everyone had a full glass, I offered a toast, "Here's to good friends and Mazola." Everyone clinked glasses and took a long drink. No one laughed and it was very quiet for a few moments. 

"Hey, in all seriousness," I began "you guys were kidding, you haven't really tried anything like that, have you?"

Debra spoke "No, we haven't tried it........... but, we have talked about it and thought you and Jen would be two people we would seriously consider. Why? Have you guys tried it?"

Now it was Jen's turn to talk. "Not with Mazola, but I guess we have tried it, if your talking about sex with people other than your spouse."

There it was. Right out in the open.

"Who?" Debra started to ask.

"Well, we also had fantasized about the two of you before but," Jen said "Another situation occurred kind of out of the blue. I can't mention names right now but, later if it's okay with them, I'll tell you all about it."

Bryan sat across the room, mouth hanging open, almost no color in his face. "How.........?" was all that escaped his lips.

"Well," I said "it just kind of happened but, we have talked a lot since and decided we still love each other and all in all it was a positive experience. We also decided we would not consider any relationship that might cause someone else's relationship problems. Have you guys really talked about this?"

"Yes, we have." Debra explained "We really love each other too but, to be brutally honest, things have gotten pretty routine in the sex department. We have tried different things to spice it up a little. Actually, it was during one of those "fantasy" situations that you and Jen came up. We started talking and agreed it might be fun. We didn't want to hurt you or our friendship, so we just dropped a hint every now and then."

Jen said, "I think we could use some more wine." She poured everyone a new glass. "Listen," she continued "I've got some sick time coming and I'm not feeling very good right now. Maybe I'll call in tomorrow. Could a Mazola party start with a card game?"

"Good idea, Jen" I said "Anyone for some strip poker?" We all gathered around the kitchen table and I grabbed a deck of cards. "First rule," I said "anyone can call it quits anytime, agreed?" Everyone nodded. I dealt the first hand and got a pair of aces. Bryan got three sevens and the rest of us lost shoes. Jen dealt. I won and Bryan lost his shoes. The girls decided on socks. Jen who was wearing jeans didn't mind at all. Debra, however was wearing pantyhose. Bryan offered her the chance to stop but, she said "No way." She stood up and reached under her tight black skirt. In order to get to her waist she had to raise her skirt to just below her V. As she pulled the pantyhose down, we got just a glimpse of light blue panties. 

Bryan dealt the next hand and Debra finally won. Bryan lost socks, I lost my shirt, and Jen had a choice to make. She deliberated out loud that as she was sitting at the table and had good panties on, she would lose her jeans. Debra dealt and Jen won. I lost my t-shirt and Bryan lost his shirt. He wasn't wearing a tee. Debra didn't deliberate at all. She just stood up, unzipped her skirt and pulled it down. That revealed a nice pair of light blue lace bikinis. 

I dealt the next hand and won with a full house. I was grinning. Jen lost her blouse as did Debra. This left Jen in an ordinary white bra and Debra in a light blue push up that matched her bikinis. Bryan stood up to remove his jeans. As he did, the tent in the front of his loose fitting boxers was obvious. He sat back down quickly and told Jen to deal. Jen dealt and I won again. I asked if anyone wanted to call it quits. Bryan was the last to answer "No." Jen unhooked and dropped her bra. Debra however just lifted up in her chair a bit and removed her panties and tossed them on the table. I noticed they seemed a little damp. Bryan stood up last and slowly tugged his boxers off over his now fully erect cock. He sat back down quickly but not before we all had taken his measure.

As he grabbed the cards to deal, he said "What do I do now? I have nothing more to lose."

"Well, how about if you lose and you have no more clothes, you have to do whatever the winner says for two minutes?" I asked. "Does everyone agree to the rule?" Everyone agreed. Bryan dealt another hand. He also won the hand......lucky bastard. I stood up quickly and removed my jeans hoping no one would notice the tent in my jockeys. No such luck as evidenced by Debra's whistle. Well, now Jen had to stand up and remove her last article of clothing, her panties. She tossed them on the table with Debra's. Debra unsnapped her front closure bra revealing two very nice breasts with small hard nipples. She grabbed the cards, dealt, and won. I stood up and yanked my jockeys down and tossed them on the table with the panties, to more whistles and cat calls. 

When things settled down we realized that everyone was now naked. I said we could call the game over. Debra said, "Wait a minute, Bryan and Jen lost the last hand and according to the rules have to do what I say for two minutes."

"Okay, you're right." I agreed. "What will it be?"

"Bryan is dying to get his hands on Jen's big tits, so Bryan can massage Jen's tits with his hands or lips for two minutes."

Jen said, "What do I have to do?"

Debra thought and then said, "When Bryan does his two minutes then you have to put his cock between your tits and jack him off with your tits for two minutes."

Everyone looked at me. I made no objections. Bryan came around to Jen's chair and knelt in front of her. He buried his face in her tits and pinched the nipples with the thumb and forefinger of each hand. Massaged was the right word. That's exactly what he did. He used his lips as much as possible, but kept his hands busy as well. I had grabbed the egg timer from the stove and it went off before anyone thought two minutes had gone by. Bryan stood up. Jen grabbed his cock and put it between her tits. I started the timer. 

Jen put her hands on the side of her tits and squeezed them around Bryan's cock. She slid up and down with his cock wedged between her breasts. As she went down and his cock came up it nearly hit her chin on every stroke. From the look in her eye, I thought sure at any moment she was going to just engulf him in her mouth. Her tongue kept coming out to wet her lips. Just as the timer went off again, I looked over and caught Debra pulling her hand out of her lap. "Now," I asked "do you want to quit?"

"Hell no. It's your deal." answered Debra passing me the cards. I looked at Jen and Bryan but neither gave any indication of wanting to quit. I dealt the cards and Bryan won the hand. 

"Okay, Debra, now is the moment of truth, you have to give Dan head for two minutes. Then Dan, you give Debra head for two minutes. And Jen last but not least, you have to let me finish what I started between your big beautiful tits, or at least for two minutes."

Debra got up and walked quickly to my chair. She knelt at my feet and kissed the head of my dick. She snaked out her tongue and inserted it into the pee slit. Then she jammed the head against her tonsils. She applied an enormous amount of suction and nearly pulled off the end. I honestly wasn't sure I'd last two minutes. She cupped my balls and sucked me back in deep. She pulled back and sucked me deep. She pulled back and circled the head with her wonderful tongue. Back in deep and off. Back in deep and tongue. I thought I would blow soon but the buzzer on the timer went first. 

Now it was my turn. I sat down on the floor in front of Debra's chair. I grabbed her legs and threw one over each shoulder. I dove right into my work. Debra's cunt was shaved with a tuft of light brown curly hair cut in the shape of a heart just above it. It was beautiful and was dripping wet but I cleaned that up quickly and caused some more to flow. I found her clit protruding from between her lips and sucked it into my mouth as she had just sucked me. I released her clit and sucked first one lip and then the other into my mouth. I had her squirming in her seat as I returned to her clit. 

As I sucked it into my mouth, Debra clamped her legs around my head and shook. I just grazed it with my teeth and she screamed and creamed some more into my mouth. Somewhere in the background I heard the buzzer go off. As Debra began to relax I set her feet back on the floor and got up. Bryan was back between Jen's tits and this time when his cock head emerged from between her tits, her mouth met it. On each stroke she kissed or licked or sucked. The strokes were coming very rapidly and there was no doubt Bryan wasn't waiting for the two minute warning. as the buzzer sounded he sprayed his first stream right into her right nostril. She covered the head with her mouth and applied suction. She got all the rest of his load before he collapsed into his chair.

We couldn't remember whose turn it was to deal. So we just called the game and I led Debra to our king sized bed. Jen followed holding Bryan's deflating member. Debra had already cum while I went down on her, so without preliminaries, I laid her down on the bed and crawled between her legs. Bryan had cum between Jen's tits and still required some time. He laid down beside his wife and asked Jen to sit on his face. I grabbed my dick and shoved the head against a wet and welcoming opening. 

I pushed in a little and withdrew. I came back with a little more and pulled back. I very slowly increased the depth of my penetration until at last, I hit bottom. Debra's legs were locked behind my hips. She met my every stroke with equal enthusiasm. As the churning in my scrotum increased so did my speed. Debra came, clutched my shoulders, and dug in her nails. I came in long jetting spurts but kept pounding her, not wanting this first coupling to be over. 

Beside us, Jen was shuddering through an orgasm. I don't know if it was her first or not. As she was coming down, Bryan rolled from beneath her and positioned his now stiff erection at the entrance to her pussy. He entered all the way in one swift stroke knocking the air from Jen's lungs. He pulled back and slammed home again. He stayed at top speed and depth, while Debra and I just laid down beside them and watched. 

He went on and on. Jen had hooked her ankles behind his ass and encouraged him to fuck her hard. He did. He went after her, pounding and pounding some more. I watched Jen cum again on Bryan's dick. She kept her ankles locked and grabbed him around the neck to make sure she didn't throw him. There was no danger. He was still pounding her pussy with his hard cock and showed no signs of letting up. I was impressed with his ability to hold back his orgasm. The strain showed on his face but he kept pounding. 

Jen starting shaking again and I think she would have screamed but she threw the back of her arm over her mouth. She came and came and came. Bryan finally succumbed to his own orgasm and as his wife and I watched he pumped his seed into Jen's pussy. Bryan didn't want to leave yet and rolled to his side stilled embedded in Jen's cunt.

Debra said, "My god Bryan, that was hot. You haven't gone that long in forever."

"I know, honey. I just wanted to make sure Jen was pleased." He answered.

Debra reached over Jen's shoulder and grabbed her tit. She turned Jen slightly and kissed her on the lips. "Thank you," She said "for sharing with us."

Jen said, "No, thank you, that was wonderful but could you give me some help here? I think this guy is still hard and I need some rest."

Sure enough. Bryan was grinning. After pounding Jen for what seemed like a half hour and pumping her full he was still erect. "He does that sometimes when he's really hot." Debra added. With that, Bryan rolled over Jen and laid down in the middle of the bed. Debra straddled his hips and lowered her still seeping pussy over his still hard dick. There was a loud cow's foot in the mud sound and she hit bottom. I could see some of my come being forced out around Bryan's dick. Debra looked back at me and said, "I've always fantasized about having two cocks at once. Can you help me out?"

God they were hot. By now, you know my obsession with ass and my cock took very little time to stand proud once again. I got up on my knees behind Debra's beautiful ass. I reached down to get some of my own come for lubrication. In doing that, I stuck my fingers into Debra's pussy and came in contact with Bryan's cock. It was a very strange feeling. But I got some come and spread it between Debra's wonderful ass cheeks. That would probably have been enough but, I went back and got more, coming in contact with Bryan's cock again. 

I spread this come around the head of my cock and pressed the head against Debra's sweet anus. I pressed forward but had trouble getting past her tight sphincter muscles. I pressed harder and managed to spread it just a bit. On the third push, the head popped past. Debra had her head buried in the pillow but I could still hear her muffled cries. I held still and waited for her to adjust. Good God she was tight. Debra turned her head and said, "I've only ever had a small dildo up there, but if you go slow I think we'll be okay."

Holy fucking shit! I was getting her ass cherry. I hadn't even gotten my wife's ass cherry. I pushed forward and Debra winced in pain. "Sorry." I had to concentrate. I pulled back a fraction of an inch and pushed back to my original position. Very slowly, I repeated this, each time giving back a fraction more than I took. While this was going on, Bryan was laying perfectly still. I still knew he was there. I could feel his cock with my cock and only a thin membrane separating us. It took about fifteen minutes but, finally my pubic hair was tickling the cheeks of Debra's ass. I rested there for a minute and felt a twitch in Bryan's cock. I began a slow withdrawal and when I reached the end, began a slow push forward. Very gently I began to set a rhythm. Bryan began to match his rhythm to mine. I was in he was out. I went out he came in. 

Almost immediately, Debra began to tell Bryan how great it felt to have my cock up her ass. She said she had never felt so full and wanted to keep going. I was starting to feel the effects of the struggle against her tight ass muscles. After the show that Bryan had put on fucking my wife, there was no way I wanted to come too soon. I looked around for a distraction, the floor, the ceiling, what was on the headboard, just anything. Jen was laying beside us with her fingers working on her clit. No distraction there. Sweat dropped from my forehead onto Debra's back and was swept away by her long curly hair being tossed about. 

Debra's muscles clamped down hard and she cried out. I held my ground even as I felt her cunt muscles contracting on Bryan's cock. Bryan's cock began to swell and jerk and I still held back. It took every bit of strength I had but I was determined to get Debra off once more. Bryan was spent and slid from beneath Debra. Now it was just me and I began to give her long full strokes. Debra did her part, wiggling her ass back against my invading dick. 

As I was starting to get my rhythm back, I looked over to Jen. Debra's hand had joined Jen's and was competing for contact with Jen's clit. As I watched Debra turned her head and replaced her hand with her tongue. As her tongue made contact Jen went off, shaking and grabbing Debra's head to hold it close to her pussy. I felt Debra's muscles clamp down again and heard her muffled cries (muffled by my wife's pussy). Finally I could let go and let go I did. I slammed into Debra's upturned ass with all my strength and held her tight against me. I pumped my come into her bowels, pumped my seed into her ass, pumped my dick as deep as I could, and left it's contents behind. I fell to the side, exhausted.

Debra rolled onto her back beside me. As soon as she was on her back, Jen attacked her. I couldn't believe my eyes. Jen went right after Debra's cunt. She was not timid or shy in the least. She, who thought two women together was disgusting, had her face absolutely buried in Debra's cunt. She attacked her. She licked and caressed and prodded and poked and even bit Debra's pussy. She sucked the lips into her mouth and stuck her tongue against Debra's clit. 
