 Friday night we got together with Matt and Lisa and drove to Kokokmo for dinner. We went to this real nice Mexican bar/restaurant near the campus. We had a couple drinks and a great meal. Matt picked up the check saying it was payback. As we were headed to the car, Matt said he had another surprise for us. He had rented a hot tub for us. There was this place near the campus that was very clean and nice where you rented hot tubs by the hour. Most of the tubs were outside but, there were twenty foot walls around the tub area so there was total privacy. Jen and I had been there several times and really enjoyed it. We had never been there with any one else. When we went, we never even took swimsuits. Well we didn't have swimsuits tonight either. The workers at this place all appeared to be college students.

When we arrived, we had to wait a few minutes for our appointment. Between each customer they went in and cleaned the whole area. We were shown to our hot tub by a petite oriental looking girl. She gave us four towels and showed us where the controls were for the tub, the lights, and the radio which was piped out to the tub area. When she left, we undressed, rinsed off in the shower and went out to the tub. As we climbed into the hot bubbling water, Lisa pointed out that the young college girl had probably noticed we weren't carrying swimsuits. I suggested that young girls today were a lot more open sexually and probably wouldn't think twice about it. We all relaxed and enjoyed the water jets removing the stress from our bodies. When we were all very relaxed, Lisa brought up that she had seen that Bryan and Debra had been over for a couple days.

Jen explained what had happened. She told Lisa and Matt that Bryan and Debra knew that we had been "with" some other people and were curious about who they were. She told them that we hadn't said who, but really felt they would be okay about it. Matt said they both knew Bryan and Debra and would not object to them knowing. He added that he wouldn't mind telling Debra himself. Lisa said that was fine, she would just show Bryan. We talked the whole hour and when our time was up had to rush to get rinsed off, dried off, and dressed.

When we got out to the car, Jen opened the door and got in the front with Matt. Lisa just climbed in the back with me. We started home about forty minutes away and Matt said the hot tub had relaxed him so much he felt like going to sleep. Lisa told Jen it was her job to keep him awake since she was up front. Jen slid over and stuck her tongue in Matt's ear. Jen told Matt to just be careful he didn't wreck us. Jen's head disappeared and we could clearly hear the zipper being pulled down on his jeans. Jen and I had done this a few times but, we were alone in the car. This began to feel more like a high school double date. Jen was obviously giving Matt head and I began playing with Lisa's tits through her blouse. I managed to get her chest bare and then started on her shorts and panties. By the time I had her naked, she had managed to get my dick out and was giving me head too. I got my pants down to my ankles and laid Lisa down in the seat. I mounted her and drove my cock into her pussy.

We were still involved when we got stopped by the police. Matt had been swerving. Lisa and I were laying down fucking in the back seat and never saw the lights. Matt was too busy trying to get his hard cock back in his pants to warn us. Suddenly the car came to a stop and there was lots of light. The only thing I could cover Lisa up with was me, so I stayed still. Thank God it was nobody we knew. The young female officer was laughing as she suggested finding a safer locale and let us go. Lisa thanked me for my chivalry in keeping her covered, but the moment had passed. We all dressed and stayed that way the rest of the ride home. At home we kissed each other good night and went to our own beds.

The following Saturday, Jen called me at work and said we had been invited to Bryan and Debra's for dinner. Since it was half way in between work and home we agreed to meet there. On the way to Bryan's, I stopped and bought some flowers for Debra and a bottle of rum for Bryan and I. Bryan and Debra lived out in the country on a big farm. Bryan's dad owned the farm, but had built a new house a couple miles away after he remarried. Bryan's mother had died very young. The big farm house had an above ground pool in the back yard and the yard had an eight foot wooden fence all around it. When I arrived, Jen and Debra were in the pool floating on a huge inflatable raft and working on their tans. Unfortunately both would have tan lines. 

Bryan was just getting the grill going to do some chicken breasts. I showed Debra the flowers and told her I would put them in some water. She thanked me and told Bryan to get me a vase. I gave Bryan the bottle of rum and suggested we try it out. He got a vase from a cabinet on the back porch and we walked into the kitchen. I put the flowers in water while Bryan made us a couple of tall rum and cokes. I told Bryan we should offer the girls something. Bryan smiled and said he thought we would later. I laughed and watched him grab a couple plastic cups and pour the girls some wine.

We walked out into the yard and climbed the steps to the deck around the pool. We handed the girls their wine and Bryan got in the pool with them. Jen said that my suit was in the car. I asked Bryan where I could change and he laughed saying, "Right here unless your newly shy." I said he was right and went to get my suit. I came back and changed into my suit before climbing the steps back up to the deck. Debra complained that I hadn't given them a better show. We just laughed and relaxed, finishing our drinks. I offered to get more drinks and Bryan said he would put the chicken on the grill. I brought everyone a fresh drink and we talked while the chicken was cooking. 

When Bryan announced that the chicken was done, the wives got out of the pool and put the finishing touches on dinner. I freshened everyone's drinks and we sat down to eat. We had a very pleasant meal and talked very casually about what had happened between us. We all admitted being surprised that it had taken us so long after knowing each other. Debra said, "Yes and although I'm a little jealous that we weren't your first, I would sure like to meet them so I could thank them."

"Well," Jen responded "you've already met them and maybe you can thank them later."

"You're kidding! We know them?" Debra questioned.

"Sure." I said "You know most of our circle of friends and it wouldn't have happened if we hadn't been friends, first."

"Wow, I wonder if I can guess." offered Bryan.

Jen said, "Yes, you probably could but, they said that they did not think anyone would mind if we told you."

"What do you mean, anyone? Do you mean, there have been more than just four of you?" Debra asked, her mouth hanging open.

"Wow, you guys are way ahead of us." Bryan added. "Yes," I said, "there were more than four, but not the first time."

"Well how many times? How long have you been doing this? Who are these friends we know?" Debra asked in one stream.

Before we could answer one question, Bryan asked, "If they don't mind us knowing does that mean they might let us join in the fun?"

"Hey, that's a lot of questions." I said, "Let me take them one at a time. Jen you can help me out anytime you want to add something. First of all, a few times before you and us. Secondly, all within the last couple months." Before I answered another question, Jen grabbed my arm. She leaned over and whispered in my ear. "Before I answer the rest of your questions," I continued, "are you sure you want to know?"

Bryan looked at Debra and said, "Are you sure?"

Debra responded, "I love you very much but yes, if it's half as much fun as it was with Dan and Jen, it will be perfect."

"Okay," I asked "can I use your phone?"

Bryan looked a little puzzled but showed me to the phone. I waited for him to go back to the kitchen and made the call. When I returned to the kitchen, I asked for another drink.

Debra said, "Fine, but what was that all about?"

"We were in luck." I answered "But we should all have another drink and get in the pool. All your questions will be answered shortly."

Now Bryan and Debra both looked puzzled. They fixed drinks for themselves and Jen and followed me out to the pool. I had given Jen the high sign undetected by Bryan and Debra. As we were getting into the pool, Jen said she needed to use the ladies room, but cautioned me not to answer any questions till she got back. We just worked on our drinks and waited for Jen's return. By the time she came back Bryan and Debra were both getting a little antsy. I was trying to stall a little more and reassure them that their questions would be answered when we heard tires coming up the gravel driveway.

"Shit, that's probably my dad." said Bryan getting out of the pool to check. When he returned, he was followed by Matt and Lisa. Bryan said to Debra, "Look who just stopped by for a visit." They climbed the steps to the deck and grabbed a seat in a couple of lawn chairs.

Debra said, "Hi, how are you?" But her face showed a little disappointment.

Lisa said, "We're fine. We hadn't seen you in awhile and thought it would be nice to stop by. We didn't know you were having a party. Maybe we had better be going." She added starting to stand.

Debra recovered her good hostess skills and said, "No, of course not, we just had dinner and decided to go swimming. Your fine and we're all friends, anyway. I'd ask you to join us but you probably didn't bring suits and mine certainly won't fit your long body. We'll just get out, won't we guys?"

Matt stood up and said, "No......no...that's alright." Then added, "Like you said we're all friends, anyway!" And with that he and Lisa both started to strip.

As Lisa and Matt's bodies were quickly stripped naked, Bryan and Debra began to realize they'd been had. We all started laughing. I looked over at Debra and said, "Any questions?"

"Yes a lot, but we'll have time for that later." As the rest of us stripped off our suits and tossed them out of the pool, Lisa and Debra crossed paths. Lisa swam over to Bryan and Debra swam to me. Matt and Jen were already together and kissing passionately. Debra's hand went under the water and found my cock. I kissed her warmly exploring her mouth with my tongue. She pulled away and whispered "thank you". I grabbed her under the arms and hoisted her to the deck behind me. I stuck my head right between her legs and began to eat her pussy. 

While I was busy eating her pussy, she described what was taking place behind me. Bryan was seated on the deck like she was with Lisa swallowing his cock. Jen and Matt were both on the deck doing sixty-nine. Her detailed description and the sweet taste of her pussy had me really going strong. Her description became a little vague, as I locked my lips around her clit and began to suck. She shoved my face into her cavern so far I couldn't hear anyway. She spilled a load of nectar onto my tongue and I lapped it up. As she continued her climax, I positioned myself between her legs and slid my cock into her. She locked her ankles behind my butt and slammed back against my invasion. We kept going till it became difficult for me to stand. I turned around taking her into the water. She is so small. I was able to lift my butt up onto the deck without losing contact.

I laid back onto the deck and she squatted over my cock. She was in total control. She spun around on my cock to face the pool again so she wouldn't miss anything. She pistoned up and down on my cock giving me a very nice view of her ass. Watching her ass pound up and down on my cock drove me over the edge. I drove my hips up and lifted her right off the deck. She grabbed my ankles to keep from falling off my cock into the pool. I shot my first load of the day into her clasping pussy. She came again and kept coming until her contracting cunt muscles forced my softening cock out.

Debra never missed a beat. She dove in and swam over to Bryan and Lisa. Bryan was laying on his back beside the pool and Lisa was riding up and down his cock. Debra squatted her fresh fucked pussy right over Bryan's mouth. As his tongue found her, she began to caress Lisa's tits. Lisa opened her eyes and said hello to her hostess by grabbing her tits as well. They rubbed each others nipples and continued to ride. Lisa and Debra's lips met in a passionate open mouthed kiss. Their tongues did battle as both their pussies were pleasured by Bryan. Lisa grabbed Debra by the shoulders and held her close as her pussy locked down on Bryan's cock. As she came, Debra joined her and together they rode Bryan to a climax of his own. His hips flew up and Debra held Lisa to keep her from falling. They kissed again.

Meanwhile Matt was in his favorite place, Jen's ass. I think she was beginning to like having her ass fucked. As a matter of fact, from the noises she was making everyone there was sure she liked having her ass fucked. I was sure the slapping of flesh on flesh was so loud that Matt had to be hurting her but, her voice told a different story. She begged him to pound her ass. She met each thrust with a push of her own. In fact she just about knocked Matt off his feet. But he held her by the hips and pounded away. Finally he could take no more. His butt clenched and you could tell he was shooting his wad. As the first hot stream made contact with Jen's rectum she came. She shuddered and shook and whimpered and moaned and obviously thoroughly enjoyed herself. It was fun to watch.

We sat around and talked. We made sure Debra and Bryan had all their questions answered. Debra said she couldn't believe there were five couples of her friends that shared sex with others and she had no clue. Bryan said he just hoped they would all want to include them. Lisa said from his earlier performance, she was sure that would be no problem. 

Debra walked up to Matt and said, "If this is based on performance, I've got some investigating to do." Matt apparently had no problem cooperating in that investigation. Debra bent over at the waist and took Matt's penis into her mouth. She had him erect in no time. I think Lisa surprised everyone when she walked over and laid down behind Debra. She reached up and pulled Debra's hips down over her face and began to eat her pussy. Jen was not going to be left out. She walked over and pulled Matt out of his chair. She laid him down on the deck and squatted over his face. As he began eating Jen' cunt, Bryan and I realized we were running out of options. Bryan walked over and offered his cock to Jen. She accepted him into her mouth. I got up and stroked my cock a couple times on my way to Lisa. 

With her face in Debra's pussy she made an inviting target. I laid down on the deck perpendicular to Lisa with both her legs across my thighs. I slid my cock into her. Now all the friends were joined. We moved together in almost one motion until one by one we reached our peaks. We separated, cleaned up, dressed, and left for home, but not before agreeing this would not be the last surprise.