 Penny called and said she had been thinking of ways to make her Camp Heaven capable of sleeping more people. She loved hosting the orgies, and wanted to be able to expand them to bigger groups. We discussed a few ideas, but the obvious one, at least for the time being, was to add windows to the screened porch so it would be usable on those cold Adirondack nights. We could also make the doorway to the porch bigger, so when it was open to the main room it would feel more like one big space. It would almost double the size of the place, and if we got the right windows it wouldn't compromise the character of the old camp. She loved the idea and was hoping to get it done before winter set in.

A few hours later she called me back and told me she had lined up a carpenter friend to help share the work. She said he and his wife were old high school friends of hers, and they were going to drive up and figure out the materials we'd need and get the windows and doors purchased ASAP. Two weeks later we all arrived at the camp on a Wednesday afternoon for a four day weekend to do the work.

We lucked out and the weather forecast was good for the weekend. It would be frosty at night, but the days would be warm enough for a dip in the pond to clean ourselves up. When I arrived Penny was all smiles.

"There's my sexy handyman!" she said, and she gave me a huge hug as I put down my duffel bag and tools.

"Steve, this is Ron and Kathy, two of my oldest friends," she said.

Ron was a big, burly, good looking guy who looked like he spent a lot of time at the gym, and Kathy was a shy looking petite woman with frizzy greying hair. She was very cute.

"Hi Ron, hi Kathy, it's a pleasure to meet you guys," I said, extending my hand to both of them. They were nice folks, and we all hit it off right from the start, although Kathy was pretty reserved and quiet.

Ron had rented a small U-Haul panel truck, and it was full of windows and lumber. Penny's nearest neighbor, about a mile up the road, had lent her the use of a small four-wheel-drive all terrain vehicle that pulled a small utility trailer. It was perfect for moving the construction material up the half-mile trail to the camp.

Pretty soon Ron and I were tearing into the old porch, and the girls were shuttling supplies to us in the ATV. Ron was an easy guy to talk to and an easy guy to work with, and it turned out we had worked on a couple of the same big construction projects in the city back before I started my own business. He was very interested in my handyman business, and said he would love to break out on his own someday.

"Boy, I envy you man," he said. "I get so sick of all the drama on the job sites, not to mention having to be there every single day, and all the overtime they expect. I'd just love to have some more freedom with my schedule."

"Yeah, that's the best part," I said. "Well, maybe not the best part. I never realized how many lonely female homeowners there are, if you get my drift." Kathy and Penny were down at the truck with the ATV, so we were talking freely.

"Holy shit! They come on to you?" he asked.

"Well, lets just say I've got a whole bunch of new relationships since I started the business less than a year ago. It's pretty wild actually, and totally unexpected. Well, back when I started it was unexpected, but now I can read the signals. I let the women guide things though — I never instigate anything or push. Just some mild flirting, and then I just let it go where it's gonna go, you know what I mean?" I said with a smile.

"Yeah, I know what you mean," he laughed. "So how often does somethin' happen?"

"I don't know, maybe one out of ten customers," I said. "It doesn't always go beyond maybe a blow job or something, but some have become really fantastic relationships. Penny for example."

Ron laughed. "Yeah, it doesn't surprise me that's how you met Penny. She's been a wild one ever since high school."

"Ah, you know about Penny's wild side. So are you guys gonna join us for her next party? She's really excited to have more room here. Last time there was eight of us and it was pretty tight in there," I said, gesturing toward the main room. "Not as tight as the 19 year old that was here though," I winked and laughed.

From Ron's silence I could tell I might have said too much, and when I looked at his face he looked shocked but interested. 

"Oh man, I guess I shouldn't have said that, sorry," I said.

"No, it's cool man. It just took me by surprise a little. But knowing Penny, it shouldn't surprise me. So it was like a real live orgy or somethin?" he asked.

"Well . . . yeah, but . . . I should probably let Penny tell you if she wants to. She might be pissed at me for lettin' the cat out of the bag. I just . . . from the way the conversation was going I just assumed you knew . . ." I said.

"No, really, it's cool man. I just wish I could talk my wife into somethin' like that. She'd never go for it though," Ron said, shaking his head.

"Never say never man. Some of the older women I've been with this summer have surprised the hell out of me. Easing them into a more interesting sex life has totally transformed a couple of them," I said. "Oh, sorry man, I didn't mean to say Kathy was 'older'. She's actually pretty cute. Jeez, I'm puttin' my foot in my mouth right and left here . . ." I said, laughing embarrassedly. "I better shut up."

"Don't worry about it Steve," Ron said with a little laugh. "It's kinda nice to know you think she's cute though. I often wonder what other guys think of her, younger guys like you . . ."

"Yeah man, she's got that older hippie vibe. I like it," I said, trying to be careful how I worded things. I didn't want to piss off my new friend when we had a whole weekend of work ahead of us.

"She'd never go for it," he said, thinking about the orgy and shaking his head again. "She likes readin' about that stuff though," he laughed. "She reads those romance novels. I have a peak at 'em once in a while, and they've got some pretty wild sex in there sometimes. I like it when she reads 'em 'cause it heats her up good for the night," he laughed.

"You know, since we're talking about all this," I said, "I should probably broach this subject before you get mad at me . . . some of my lady friends call me an incorrigible flirt, and since Kathy's cute and all, I just hope you don't take it the wrong way if you see me flirtin' with her a bit. Sometimes I do it without even realizing it."

"Hey man, go for it. I shouldn't say this, but I get turned on when she gets flirty with other guys. That's why the whole idea of bringin' her to an orgy really gets me going . . . but . . ." his voice trailed of as he shook his head again. 

We could hear the ATV coming and soon the girls drove up the trail with two windows on the trailer. Ron had found them at a salvage yard, and they were perfect for the old place. Once we had them installed they'd look like they had been there forever. There were 16 of them, and they had removable glass sections so in the summertime the porch would be nice and open with lots of screens, and when the cold weather set in Penny could glass it all in. She was thrilled.

"Oh man, I can't believe how great this is gonna be!" she said with a big smile.

It was already starting to get dark, so we quit for the day. Penny brought out some beers and we sat in old lawn chairs and relaxed.

"You guy's should go check out the pond before it gets dark. It's beautiful this time of day," she said to Kathy and Ron. They wandered off down the trail, and Penny wasted no time telling me what was on her mind.

"Kathy thinks your cute. I'd love it if we could somehow finagle it to swap partners this weekend. I have a feeling it'll never happen, she's awful prudish these days, but I'd love to try. I'd be surprised if she could resist someone as sexy as you, and I've wanted to fuck Ronnie since I met him back in, like, seventh grade."

"Jeez Penny!" I said. "What were you, like twelve or something?"

"Yeah. What's your point?" she said, and we both laughed.

"Wow, that's like thirty years of pent-up desire. I've seen you cum really hard, but that might fry your brain," I laughed. "Actually, Ron and I have already been talking about sex a little. I'm sorry Penny, but I sorta slipped up and told him about your parties up here," I said.

"What? Ron knows about that?" she said as I watched her blush for the first time. Her eyes were big, but she didn't look mad. "Oh my god. Now I'm really gettin' hot," she said, fanning her red face and looking at Ron off in the distance. "God, I hope this goes somewhere this weekend. I don't wanna fuck things up with Kathy though. She's a good friend. It's gotta be mutual. You gonna help me?" she asked, with a wicked little grin.

"As long as it's cool with Ron," I said. "I have a feeling it will be, but I don't wanna do anything screwed-up and cause any hard feelings, you know?"

"I know sweetie. You're such a nice guy, I couldn't get you to do somethin' wrong even if I wanted to," she said, and she gave me a nice wet kiss just as Kathy and Ron approached.

"Oooo, I was wondering if you guys were a couple. I had a feeling, since there's only two places to sleep," Kathy said, winking at her old friend Penny.

———————

The girls went inside and started rustling up some dinner. They had brought enough food to feed an army.

"Why don't you guys get a fire going in the pit," Penny yelled out the window. "There's no bugs this time of year so we can eat outside."

We feasted on cold chicken, potato salad and cold beer around a nice warm fire. The leaves were off the trees, and the air had a crisp, late-in-the-year feel to it, with a frosty chill setting in. Dessert was cheesecake and a round of tequila shots, and we were all loosening up.

"So Penny, what are you gonna do with all your new space," Kathy asked.

"I was thinking wall-to-wall mattresses for my orgies," Penny said matter-of-factly.

Ron was sitting next to me, and he nudged my leg with his knee.

"Penny! You dirty girl! You're not serious . . ." Kathy gasped. She knew her friend was wild, but that was too much for her mind to grasp at the moment.

"Maybe I am, maybe I'm not," Penny said and she winked at me and smiled, in full view off Kathy and Ron.

"Jeez Penny!" Kathy said. Even in the orange fire light I could tell she was blushing, and she quickly changed the subject.

"How do you like the handyman business Steve?" she asked me.

"Oh it's great," I said. I decided to keep pushing Kathy's buttons a little. "I get to make my own hours, and most of my customers are lonely women, so I get to practice my flirting."

"Oh, I bet they love havin' you in their house . . ." her voice trailed off as her eyes drifted down my body. I wondered if she was thinking about one of her romance novels.

"What's that logo you said you wanted to put on your truck Steve?" Penny asked.

"Let Steve Do It. You'll Be Glad You Did," I said quietly, looking deep into Kathy's eyes. She was noticeably flustered.

Ron laughed. "That's great! You gotta have that painted on there, it's perfect!" he said, giving me a knowing look.

We talked and laughed for hours in the chilly darkness, warm jackets and a roaring fire keeping us warm. Penny was keeping the dirty jokes and sexy talk going, and Kathy was loosened up nicely. Ron was really enjoying himself, especially when his wife was noticeably pushing her comfort limits with the sex talk. There was a definite feeling of 'possibilities' in the air, and Penny was orchestrating it beautifully. As the big fire started to die down we did one more round of tequila shots.

"That's my last one," Kathy said after she downed hers. "I haven't been this buzzed in years. It's like the old days, huh Penny?"

"Yeah, we used to have some fun didn't we?" Penny said. She turned to me and said, "Kathy and I were quite the little party sluts when we were teenagers."

"Penny! You asshole! Don't tell him that!" she said, but the sexy look on her face made me think she really didn't mind me hearing it.

"It's true," Ron said to me. "I was too straight-laced to take advantage of it until high school though. They had a pretty good head start before they got a hold of me."

"Whaddya mean before 'they' got a hold a me," Kathy asked him. "Did you and Penny ever . . .?"

"No," Penny said quickly, "but not because I never wanted to though." She boldly winked at Ron.

Kathy took it in stride. "I guess that's what you get when your best friend's obsessed with sex," she laughed.

"I can't think of anything better to be obsessed with. Great sex makes the world a happy place," I said.

"You got that right buddy," Ron said, as he clicked his beer bottle against mine.

"Jeez, we better watch out Penny. These guys might wanna to gang up on us tonight," Kathy said, shaking her head.

"Yes please," Penny said with a big sexy smile.

"God Penny, you're incorrigible," Kathy said quietly. She glanced at my eyes but looked away quickly. She was quite obviously breathing a bit heavier than before.

We were all silent for a while, and you could cut the sexual tension with a knife as we watched the fire die down, the cold night air seeping into our bones. Finally Penny spoke up.

"Well, I think it's time to turn in. We've got a big day tomorrow."

—————————

We all took turns taking the kerosene lamp to the outhouse, and made our way into the toasty warm camp. Unbeknownst to us Penny had been stoking up the wood stove as part of her devious plan.

"Holy shit Penny, it's like a hundred degrees in here!" Kathy said as she entered.

"Well there's no insulation, so we've gotta stoke it up now so it's not freezing in the morning," Penny explained. "Just strip down to your undies honey. You'll be fine."

"Why do I get the feeling you're a devious son of a bitch?" Kathy said to Penny with a sly grin as she took off her jacket.

"Well, there's nowhere to hide in here, and were all adults, so . . ." Penny's voice trailed off as she quickly unbuttoned her heavy flannel shirt and draped it over a chair as she went to the kitchen counter to clean up a little. I'm pretty sure she winked at a smiling Ron as she breezed by him in her jeans and bra. She held up the tequila bottle and said to Kathy, "Want another shot of courage honey? Before you strip?"

"I'm not gonna strip!" she said rather sternly, and she looked around. Steve and I were both taking our shirts off, and her gaze landed on my chest. Then she reached out for the bottle and took a swig, handed it back to Penny and said in a defeated tone, "Oh what the hell." She unbuttoned her shirt, tossed it on the table, and did a ballerina style curtsey. "If I had known it was gonna be a stripper show I woulda worn my good underwear," she said, giggling nervously, her eyes darting between Ron and me. 

Penny gave her a hug and a slap on the ass. "You look fantastic honey," she said. "Better than you did when you were eighteen. I've always been jealous of your pretty little ass. Take your pants off so we can see it. You don't mind, do you Ron?"

"Are you kidding? It's my favorite part of her," he said. He had a wide grin on his face, and was obviously very happy with the way things were progressing.

"If you're shy we can all do it together," Penny said. "Then we'll all be comfortable." 

Penny winked at me, and she and I both started unfastening our jeans. Ron quickly followed our lead, and after a momentary pause Kathy slowly did the same.

Penny spun Kathy sideways to me. "Doesn't she have a sweet little ass Steve?" Penny said. "I mean it's just perfect isn't it?" Kathy was blushing as she looked sideways at me. Her chest was heaving and she looked flustered.

"Absolutely . . . gorgeous," I said, taking in all of her thin, flat-stomached body. Her ass was a perfect little bubble, her tits were in perfect proportion to her body size, and she looked very sexy. She broke her gaze from me and looked at Ron, who was still grinning like the cheshire cat. She immediately noticed his tented boxer shorts, and planted her body in front of him to block the view of it.

"I think we should go to bed now Ron, you guys have a lotta work to do tomorrow," she said.

They already had their gear stowed up in the loft, which was a narrow little platform just big enough for two twin mattress end-to-end. Penny seemed fine with them calling it a night. I think she was happy with the way things had gone, and we still had two more nights to go.

"Are you sure you'll be comfortable up there?" Penny asked them. "I feel guilty taking this big bed down here."

"No, it's fine Penny. I don't take up much room," Kathy said. She maneuvered Ron towards the ladder so Penny wouldn't see the tent in his boxers, but Penny had gotten a good look at it already.

As she climbed the ladder Kathy's ass looked incredible, and Ron couldn't resist a feel as he went up behind her. There wasn't much headroom up in the loft, so Kathy had to crawl sexily onto the mattress. "Jesus baby, you look fuckin' hot," Ron said quietly to her.

It was now apparent to everyone that they were very visible to us, and the old brass bed was even more visible to them. Penny's face gave away the fact that she planned on us putting on a good show for them.

"That ladder's dangerous to use in the dark, so I'm gonna leave the oil lamp on about halfway," she announced. Then she threw two more logs in the wood stove to keep the temperature up.

"It's too hot baby, I'm gonna have to go commando tonight," I heard Ron say to Kathy. He stripped off his boxers, and his hard cock was pointing toward the sky as he laid on his back. He was right up against the thin railing, and easily seen by us.

"Jesus Ronnie, they can see you!" I heard Kathy say, and then her leg went over his body and pushed his cock from view.

Penny pushed the blanket and top sheet all the way to the bottom of the bed, and we laid down in full view of Ron. The light was dim, but as our eyes adjusted we could see each other clearly.

"That went beautifully tonight, you were wonderful," Penny whispered quietly in my ear.

"I have a feeling you're not done yet," I whispered in her ear.

"I want to put on a little show for them, and hopefully they'll do the same for us. If all goes well you can fuck that beautiful little ass of Kathy's tomorrow, and I'll finally get me some Big Ron," she whispered. "I remember Kathy from when she was a horny teenager, and she was showing all the signs tonight."

Penny popped off her bra, and slithered out of her panties. "Be quiet. I don't want to make this too obvious," she whispered.

I slipped off my boxers and could see Kathy and Ron kissing. Penny whispered in my ear again. "Turn yourself a little bit this way. I want Kathy to get a good look at your big cock. She's gonna want it bad by tomorrow . . ."

Penny got on the opposite side of me so she didn't block their view, and started giving me a magnificent blow job. I couldn't help but let out an audible moan, and out of the corner of my eye I saw their heads swivel in our direction.

"Holy shit," I heard Ron whisper.

"Two can play at that game," Kathy said quietly, and I watched her head move slowly down Ron's body and suck in his cock. She was on the other side of him, looking right at me as she sucked.

Soon Penny wanted to ratchet things up a notch, and she sixty-nined me. I let out another loud moan as she sucked me in deep and I tasted her sweetness for the first time in a while.

Even with my face in Penny's ass I could see the action in the loft. "Do that to me baby, lets try it," Ron said very quietly.

Kathy was obviously feeling adventurous, because in full view of us she stripped off her underwear, swung her leg over Ron's face, and he dug into his feast. In no time at all she had a big orgasm, up on all fours with her head thrown back. I could tell she was trying to keep quiet, but some of her deep grunts were too powerful to hold in. Penny followed suit, undoubtedly stimulated by watching her friend, and had a lovely quiet orgasm of her own. 
