 Sunday noon when the friends went their separate ways. Jen and I took Tim and Betty back to our house to get their car. We had talked over breakfast and found Betty especially curious about how we had gotten started swapping. When we got back to our house, we were still answering her questions, so we invited them in.

We had just completed the story of our first weekend with Matt and Lisa. But Betty continued to ask questions wanting to know how we had expanded the group to the eight couples we had just spent the last twenty-four hours with. So after stories of watching porno, skinning dipping, and playing strip poker, I asked why she was so curious about how each encounter started. She blushed a little, looked from me to Tim, then cleared her throat, and said "Well you remember us telling you about skinny dipping with some of my family? Well, I was trying to get some ideas on how I might get some of them involved. If you don't mind, Tim."

Tim said, "If you recall, I had a terrible time hiding my hard on around a couple of your sisters, Betty. Of course I wouldn't mind."

"Betty," I said "a couple of things have helped. Alcohol and numbers."

"Alcohol I understand, Daniel," Betty said "But numbers? What do you mean?"

I answered "Yes, alcohol loosens inhibitions. By numbers I mean people. Think back to yesterday. When you pulled Bryan's swimsuit off, everyone else just started stripping. Peer pressure is a powerful tool. No one wants to be thought of as wimping out." 

"Hey, you're right." Betty agreed.

"Well I'm on a long weekend," I offered "so if you need any help please call, right Jen?"

Jen said, "Sure Betty, what have you got in mind?"

Betty said, "Jen, you know Mary and Alex. When we got silly and went skinny dipping, I got the impression that they're a little wilder. I'd really like to find out. Alex is so cute. I think the strip poker sounds interesting but I don't think Mary knows how to play."

Jen said, "Let's invite them over. After a few drinks, if your right, it won't matter what we're playing."

Tim said, "We know James and your sister, Wanda have been wild enough to smoke marijuana with their college friends. Why don't we invite them?"

Everyone agreed. An hour later (two o'clock in the afternoon), we were sitting in the living room working on our second drink. Jen and Betty had just come in from making those drinks and had no chairs to sit in. Jen suggested we could open up the dining table with another leaf and sit there. That way we could all sit down. When we got the table expanded and sat down, Betty said as long as we were all sitting around the table, we might as well play some game. We all tried to decide what to play. the guys wanted poker. We settled on rummy as a game everyone knew how to play. 

We played a couple hands and got more drinks. We played some more and it was getting pretty lopsided in scoring. Betty and Jen were way out in front and harassing everyone that we needed to play something tougher. Actually everyone seemed to be a little bored with the game except Jen and Betty. James, who was the lowest score and was getting another drink suggested we could be playing for clothes and he still wouldn't win. Betty said, "James, I think that's a great idea. I'd love to see your tight butt."

James laughed and said, "Well, if we were really playing for clothes, I'd try harder just to get you naked."

Mary jumped right in and said she didn't think either one of them had the guts. Betty said she would prove her little sister wrong if everyone agreed. Jen and I were quiet. James was grinning and said he was up to the challenge. Alex and Mary agreed and Wanda wanted to know the rules. Okay, I suggested, the rules are one winner per hand, shoes or socks count as one item, winner decides who takes off first, and anyone can call it quits at anytime. Tim asked what we would do if someone lost and was already out of their clothes. We decided that person would have to play truth or dare.

We dealt the cards and James true to his word won the first hand. James told Betty he wanted her to start. Betty and everyone else except James lost their shoes. James told Betty what nice feet he thought she had. Everyone laughed and we dealt the next hand. Betty won and evened the score. Everyone's feet were bare as several were not wearing socks and Tim and I lost our shirts. The third hand Mary won and told Betty she had to go first. Betty without hesitation threw off her shirt. Wanda, Jen, Alex and James followed suit. Tim and I stood up together and dropped our pants. 

The fourth hand Tim won and told Mary she would be first. She stood up and made a show of removing her blouse. She wore a nice mint green lace bra. Wanda, Betty, Jen, Alex and James all lost their pants. I only had my jockey's to lose. I raised up in my chair, took them off, and threw them away. Wanda complained that I had to stand up and take off my clothes. I disagreed that had not been in the rules, but if she was that anxious for a peek. I stood up, turned all the way around, and sat back down. Then I looked at Wanda who was dealing the cards and said, "I really need a win".

I did win. I told Wanda it was her turn to be first. Wanda only had bra and panties. And she knew that she had to stand up, from her prior complaint. She was hesitating, so I asked if she wanted to quit. She looked me in the eye and removed her bra. My God! She was as big as Jen. She weighed probably twenty pounds less, was a little shorter than Jen, but her breasts were the same 38D maybe even double D. Alex, Tim, and I sucked in air together. I think maybe Mary did too. Wanda sat back down, resting her boobs on the table. Jen, Betty, and Mary one by one followed suit. Mary had very nice 36C breasts. 

James, Alex, and Tim each had to lose their underwear. James dropped his boxers revealing a nice eight and half inch penis that was standing out about forty-five degrees from his belly. Alex stood up and dropped his shorts to reveal a very thick nine and a half inch cock standing tight against his stomach. I grinned as Tim stood up last, knowing what was coming. Tim slowly pulled his shorts down with his back to the table. When he was naked he turned around. Wanda and Mary in one voice said, "Oh my God"! Tim was not erect yet but was on his way. His foot long cock hung at about half mast as he returned to his seat. Jen asked, "Anyone want to quit?"

No response, so the next hand was dealt. Mary won. She looked around the table and said she guessed it was truth or dare. She asked Wanda first. Wanda chose truth. Mary looked her in the eye and said, "Have you ever been with another woman?"

"No, never been with another woman." Wanda said. James caught the emphasis and so did Mary. Wanda knowing she had been caught, added, "I fooled around with girls in high school. Actually, I fooled around with all my sisters except you Jen. That was all before I married James and since then it's been strictly men." I don't know if anyone else caught the plural. James was being asked next by Mary.

James chose dare. Mary dared him to kiss Wanda's boobs for one minute. He complied looking a little disappointed at first. Jen was next and she chose truth. Mary asked her if she had ever been with more than one man at the same time? Jen answered quickly, "Yes." everyone but Tim, Betty and I, looked a little shocked but didn't know what to say, so Mary moved on. Mary asked me next. Not wanting to move too fast, I chose truth. That obviously surprised Mary and she had to think for a minute. She smiled, thinking she had me, and asked if I had been one of the men. I shocked the same people with my, "Yes."

Mary said, "Well, I think I'm going to have to get tougher."

Betty was next. She chose a dare. Mary thought for a minute and said, "I dare you to try to get Tim's whole cock in your mouth."

Betty hesitated for a minute, looking around the room, then she knelt down in front of Tim and used the techniques she had gotten from Jane just the other day to do her best at getting Tim's now hardening cock down her throat. She made a gallant effort but could only manage about ten inches. Still that would have swallowed the rest of us, unless maybe she couldn't get around Alex's fat cock. She finally gave up, knowing she had done her best, just before Tim would have come. 

When Mary turned to Tim, he practically yelled, dare. Mary said, "I dare you to kiss........Wanda and Jen's boobs for one minute each."

Tim looked at James, as though he were asking permission. James just shrugged and Tim looked at Wanda, "Do you want to quit?"

"What, when I'm going to get my boobs kissed. Hell no!" says Wanda. 

"Okay, Here goes." Tim said kneeling before Jen. He kissed his way across Jen's chest and both nipples. He suckled the left breast and pulled away leaving the nipple standing proud. He had the right just as hard when time ran out. He got up and knelt before Wanda. He buried his head between her breasts and turned to lick each nipple. He left the nipples and circled each breast trying to cover every inch. By the time he returned his time was nearly up. He scraped his teeth across the right nipple hard enough to elicit a moan from Wanda and ran out of time.

One left, Alex waited till Mary had turned her full attention to him, and said "dare".

Mary said, "I dare you to kiss Betty's pussy for one minute."

Alex said, "Are you sure?"

Mary answered, "Yes, honey, go ahead."

Alex got up and walked over to Betty. He sat down on the floor in front of her chair. Everyone else got up and walked to where they could see, except Tim who was sitting right beside her. Alex looked up at Betty and stuck out his tongue. When he touched her clit she came. She shuddered, whimpered, and bit her lower lip. Her legs quivered and she grabbed Alex by the ears. When the minute was up, Betty was still coming and wouldn't let Alex go.

When Alex could get free, although he didn't fight too hard, he sat back down and dealt the cards. Jen won. Before she asked Wanda truth or dare, she looked around the room and asked if anyone was ready to quit? No one said anything. She looked at Wanda and said "truth or dare"? Wanda looked at James with questioning eyes and answered "dare". Jen told Wanda she dared her to screw James while she was sucking my dick. Wanda walked over and backed up to James. James had been ready for some time and apparently so was Wanda. She slid back onto James's cock and didn't stop till she reached bottom. I was so busy watching this, she had to call me to "get over there". I got in front of Wanda and she bent over to put her lips around the end of my cock. James was already pistoning in and out of her pussy and she did her best to match his strokes with her mouth on my cock. 

Jen didn't wait before turning to Betty, she also didn't give her a choice, she said I dare you to fuck Alex while you eat Mary. Once Betty went to work, cards or any thought of the game was over. Jen didn't even bother daring Tim. She walked over and grabbed Tim's arm. She walked over to where James was fucking Wanda and pulled Wanda up by the shoulders. Then she grabbed James's hand and pulled him from his chair. When he was standing beside her, she shoved Tim into his chair and shoved Wanda back into Tim's cock. 

Once she was satisfied that Wanda was getting a good fucking from her brother, Jen knelt down and took James's cock into her mouth. She proceeded to give him a complete deep throat blowjob. Alex laid on the floor with Betty straddling his hips. Mary leaned back in a chair in front of Betty and pushed her pussy into Betty's face. The room was soon filled with the sounds of orgasm. Wanda was getting two loads, in her pussy from Tim, in her mouth from me, and coming herself. Alex and Betty were clutching each other close while Mary shoved her cunt in Betty's face. James was pumping a load down Jen's throat and she added her hand to her cunt to push herself over the top. 

The action didn't stop. James went down on Jen, while Betty sucked him back to life. Wanda ate Betty's pussy while Alex was eating Wanda's, while I stuck my cock in Wanda's ass. Mary was getting fucked by Tim from behind while she was sucking Alex's cock. After everyone had another orgasm we rested and had fresh drinks. Alex and Mary said this was wilder than they could imagine, although they had been talking about expanding the sexual side of their lives. 

Wanda said they had experimented with many things while James was in college and ended up sharing sex with five couples that they are still friends with today. Jen and I told them how we had gotten started a few months before and how Betty and Tim had joined us only yesterday.

Mary said she would like less talk and more sex. So we finished our drinks and agreed to help her out. She sucked my cock while James ate her pussy. When I was fully erect James and I traded places and I slipped my cock into her wet cunt. I had a pretty good pace going when James tapped me on the shoulder and said he was ready. Mary came as I left her cunt and James took my place. When James got a good rhythm going, I grabbed him and rolled him onto his back. I went to work on Mary's backside with my tongue until it was good and wet. 

I got up and walked over to Wanda who was taking Tim's big dick up her cunt and stuck my cock in her face. She sucked it down and proceeded to get it good and wet. I went back to Mary and eased my slick dick into her ass. She came on James's cock as I made it all the way in. James and I set a pace and drove her into multiple orgasms with two cocks pounding her. Alex was sticking his very fat cock up Jen's ass as he ate Betty's pussy. We had a great time. We rested and came together again. James fucked Betty's ass while Wanda ate her pussy again and she sucked my cock. Tim fucked Jen's ass while Mary ate her pussy and Jen was eating Mary's. Mary's ass was up in the air with Alex pounding it with his fat dick.

We napped and then fucked some more. I ate Wanda's pussy while Betty rode my cock. Tim fucked Mary, while James and Alex both fucked Jen. Exhausted we all showered and decided to sleep on the floor.. We spread out every pillow and blanket we could find and settled in. Monday's get ready for work was a bit hectic. I didn't have to be back till Tuesday, Mary was between jobs, Betty didn't have to be in till after noon and Wanda could show up when she wanted . We let James, Jen, Tim, and Alex scurry around while the girls and I watched.

When the house was quiet again, Mary and Betty started eating each other's pussies. Watching this was getting me hard again and Wanda snuggled up to me to enjoy the show. While I watched Betty and her sister, Wanda wrapped her 38d breasts around my cock and gave me a wonderful tit fuck. Soon I pulled Wanda up and had her straddle my thighs. Her hot moist tunnel gave her quite a ride and me a great release. Then while I rested, Mary and Betty sucked my cum from Wanda's delicate flower. Slowly the girls showered and went their separate ways. I spent the remainder of my weekend straightening up the house and resting up.