 Chapter 15: New Friends Old Friends

Pete and I carried Sharon and Sue into the house. Jen followed along behind carrying blankets, clothes and towels from the beach. We put Sue on the couch and covered her up. Jen said she would get her out of her wet bathing suit and Pete stopped to offer his help. I took Sharon to the guest room and had just gotten her on the bed when Pete arrived. He said we had to get her out of her wet clothes too. Who was I to argue. It was a little tough to leave but I was tired. Jen and I went right to sleep.

A new day dawned and three naked women were sitting around the kitchen table laughing and talking about the party when I walked in. I had never felt so overdressed. And I was wearing my new birthday bikini underwear. Sue, Sharon and Jen were all looking good although I'm sure they would have said they needed their hair and make-up done. I made a pot of coffee and did my best not to stare. While the coffee ran through I stood facing the counter looking over toward Matt and Lisa's. I didn't want to turn around because even trying not to stare, so much flesh was having an obvious affect on me. As I made my move to the other side of the room to get a coffee cup, Sharon caught me. "I thought you might have used that all up last night." she said.

I responded sarcastically. "I'm old, not dead, honey!"

Sharon said she had first hand knowledge that I was neither old nor dead. Jen said, "Speaking of dead, where is Pete?" Sharon said he would need help getting up this morning after drinking so much last night. Jen started down the hall toward the guest bedroom and over her shoulder told Sharon she would see what she could do. Sharon said she saw no point in working so hard when there were already volunteers standing tall. Sue shocked me a little when she told Sharon she wanted to inspect the troops too. With a wave of her hand, Sharon let Sue know that wasn't a problem.

Sue came over to me and knelt down on the kitchen carpet to remove my birthday present. The hot talk and naked women had me standing quite well. When the restriction of cloth was removed, my "little head" hit Sue on the forehead. She took my cock in both hands and gave it a thorough visual inspection. before deciding on taste testing as well. I noticed as Sharon watched her best friend suck her brother-in-law's cock, she brought both feet up onto her chair and began working over her nearly hairless pussy with both hands. Sue is an excellent cock sucker and I was really enjoying her work. But watching Jen's little sister rubbing her pussy was getting me close real fast. I pulled Sue away from my cock and laid her down on the floor. I positioned her so that I could lick her pussy and still watch Sharon. I did the best I could on Sue's sweet cunt but kept my eyes on Sharon.

Sue was begging now to be fucked and I was more then ready. As I slid up to position myself at her opening, I realized that if Sharon were just a little closer I could enjoy her as well. As I entered Sue's sweet box, I reached out with one hand and pulled Sharon's chair toward me. I pumped my cock into Sue and leaned forward to kiss Sharon's hands. I licked Sharon's fingers and replaced them with my tongue. I fucked her with my tongue while I fucked her best friend with my dick. I found her clit and gave it a lashing. Then I sucked it into my mouth and she went over the edge. Sue could hear Sharon's pleasure and as I pistoned into her she started to come as well. Her clamping muscles kicked me over the cliff and I buried myself deep and let loose a huge load of spunk deep in her belly.

As my hearing returned along with the rest of my senses, Jen's voice came down the hall. Pete's troops had apparently risen and were nailing Jennifer's ass. The girls and I wandered down the hall to watch. Jen had her knees on the edge of the bed and Pete was standing next to the bed with his dick buried in her ass. Pete didn't notice us he was too intent on the pounding he was giving my wife. The workouts he was used to doing definitely had an effect. If Jen had not been yelling for Pete to fuck her harder and faster, I might have been worried for her safety. But Pete was really drilling her and she was begging for more. As we watched Jen get hers, my rod started to rise. Sharon and Sue each had a hand on it and were stroking together. Sharon startled Pete by climbing onto the bed next to her sister and saying "Come on Dan, give me some of that."

I got down on my knees and went to work on Sharon's pussy again. As her juices began to flow I gathered some with my tongue and spread it into the crack of her ass. I fucked the puckered ring of her anus with my tongue. I stood up and stuck my cock into her pussy to make sure it was lubricated. After just a couple strokes, I withdrew from her pussy and pressed the head against her anus. As I eased the head of my cock into her ass, Sue laid down on the other side of the bed in front of her. Sharon proceeded to lick the load I had just deposited from Sue's pussy. Jen reached over and went to work on Sue's boobs. Pete and I tried to match strokes as we fucked the sister's asses. Finally the tightness of Sharon's ass took it's toll and I dumped my second load of the morning into her sweet nether regions. The sounds of me, Sharon, Sue, and Jen all coming finally put an end to Pete's holdout. He grunted out a humungous load into Jen's backside. We rested, showered, and went out for breakfast. 

After a hearty breakfast we delivered Pete, Sharon, and Sue home with a promise to get together again before our next birthday. Jen and I decided to spend a nice sunny Sunday afternoon going for a drive and doing some shopping. We ended up in Kokokmo at the mall. After a couple hours and several stops in the mall we decided on lunch and stopped at "Ruby Tuesdays" a bar and grill at the entrance to the mall across from the theatres. A couple of movies had apparently just let out and there was a line waiting to get in for lunch. Jen and I discussed leaving but, we hadn't been there in some time and we were in no real hurry. We put our name on the list and sat down outside the entrance. Jen as is her usual, struck up a conversation with a young couple who had just come out of the theatre. Jen asked how they had liked the movie and said she had heard it was good and had been wanting to see it. Sherry said she liked it because it was an old fashioned love story with a hint of spice. Dave however said it didn't have enough spice. Which according to Sherry meant skin. But Dave was more into shoot 'em ups or comedy anyway. Jen said that sounded just like me and introduced me to Dave and Sherry. 

We talked a little bit and hit it off right away. It was only about twenty or so minutes later that they called our name for a table. Jen suggested I ask if the table would seat four and then Dave and Sherry would not have to wait anymore if they would like to join us. Dave said that sounded great he was hungry. The hostess said the booth would seat four and seemed glad to get two names off her list. Jen asked me to slide into the booth because she is left handed and didn't want to be bumping elbows with me. We ordered drinks and took our time looking over the menu. By the time the waitress came by to take our orders, Dave and I had discovered we were both cops. He worked for Kokomo City and knew some people I had known a few years before I got in the troops. I had worked at Kokomo Township. 

Sherry was a Nurse and worked at Barness Hospital in the E. R. No wonder we hit it off. We had a lot of similar interests. Jen and I talked with Sherry about doing our clinical training for EMT certification at Brickson Hospital. Sherry had worked there about the same time and then went to Barness after she and Dave met. Dinner came and went in the blink of an eye. We all had good steaks but what we really enjoyed was the company. I couldn't remember ever liking someone that much when we first met them. We had similar likes and dislikes. We liked the same recreational things it was just great. Sherry suggested going somewhere else for another drink. Jen said she really didn't want to leave either but I had already had my three drinks and she would be having to drive home. Dave suggested we could go to their place and just relax for a while. Jen and I looked at each other and agreed. Sherry said she would drive home so that Jen could keep up (you know how cops drive).

Dave and Sherry lived in a nice older neighborhood in the city. They had a neat two bedroom ranch on a quiet street with a fenced back yard. The house had a nice finished basement with a wet bar, pool table, and a big screen TV. This was obviously Dave's area. Sherry gave Jen a little tour of the house while Dave and I just settled down in the basement. When the girls came in Dave was just offering to make me another drink. Jen said she wouldn't mind driving home if I would stay awake. I agreed and Dave set about making drinks for everyone except Jen. Drinks in hand we got comfortable and continued to get to know each other. 

I sat in a large overstuffed chair and Jen sat on it's matching ottoman. Dave and Sherry snuggled up on the sofa across from the TV. Jen and Sherry started talking again about the movie they had seen. Sherry was trying to explain the plot to Jen when Dave interjected that that was what was wrong with the movie "too much plot". Sherry said "Yah all you want is naked sex." Jen said that I was exactly the same. She continued that she didn't mind watching a little naked sex but the movie theatre was not the place for it.

Dave sat up straight on the couch with his full attention directed at Jen and asked where she saw naked sex if not at the movie theatre. Jen had been caught off guard and started to stutter a little then catching her breath explained that she had seen some porno movies before but not at the theatre. Sherry tried to bail Jen out a little by interjecting that "Yes, in fact Dave has a few that he likes to watch on the big screen TV." Now Sherry was caught and I asked "Well, he doesn't watch alone does he?" Sherry didn't stutter at all. She looked me right in the eye and said "No, actually I've picked some of them out for him so they would have a little plot."

I asked her what kind of plot there was to a porno movie and then she stuttered a little. "Well......well you know.......boy meets girl and girl has a boyfriend or couples........you know with other couples.... .....switching..... that kind of stuff." Jen and I couldn't help it. We had started to laugh a little as Sherry got more red in the face the farther she got into the explanation. We apologized for laughing and told Sherry we were just kidding and that we knew exactly what kind of plot she meant. Jen went a little too far to make Sherry more comfortable and explained that we had some friends that had some similar movies. The sexual tension was growing in the room as Sherry asked "So you've watched porno movies with your friends?" Jen and I looked at each other and answered our own question, before Jen said that we had.

Dave was listening intently but I noticed his left hand in his lap trying to make an adjustment without being noticed. Sherry wasn't giving up. She asked Jen "don't you get uncomfortable? Those things get me excited and I want to do things." Jen was handling this remarkably well I thought considering she hadn't had the drinks the rest of us had. Jen just said as a matter of fact "No, we're very close friends." The room was very quiet. I thought I could distinguish each person breathing. Sherry got up and went to the bar and made herself another drink. She offered another to Dave and I and we accepted.

When she brought my drink to me her hands were shaking quite a bit. She sat back down next to Dave and took a large gulp from her drink. Finally after what seemed an eternity, she looked at Jen and asked if she minded talking about this some more. Jen said of course not. I was surprised by Sherry but also by Jen. Jen was being very open with this couple we had just met today.

Sherry began "So, you've watched porno with your friends and gotten excited and had sex in front of them?"

Jen studied Sherry's face and took a long look at Dave before she responded, "Actually, we had sex with them."

"Whoa! Really?" Sherry asked her mouth hanging open just a bit.

Jen said, "Yes, we watched porno with them a couple times. Then one thing lead to another and we had sex in front of them and then with them." Dave was now really having trouble getting comfortable. He was kind of behind Sherry who was on the edge of the couch. Actually, I think he was trying to hide behind her to adjust his erection. He had also become mute.

Sherry began again. "Jen, Dave and I are very much in love and will be forever. Doesn't it make you jealous to see Dan with someone else?"

"It did a little at first and Dan says it was the same for him. But we have talked a lot about it and agree that we love each other too and will never let this change that. I guess we have been able to separate sex for fun and making love." Jen paused.

Sherry said "I picked out the porno movies and then was surprised how hot they made me. Sex had gotten a little routine before, but the movies have made it much better. Dave really likes them too. We even talked about the switching thing but weren't sure how we would feel or where to begin."

Jen said, "I don't think it would have happened to us if we hadn't been good friends before. Dan and I have talked about that too and said we never want to let sex ruin a friendship."

All our drinks were dry again. I asked Sherry and Dave if they wanted another and walked toward the bar. Dave said he would but couldn't get up right now. Sherry said she would like another drink. Then she giggled and said if I would bring back some extra ice, she would put it in Dave's pants to cool him down some. I brought the drinks back and told Sherry, "No extra ice, I couldn't do that to my friend."

Dave finally spoke saying he couldn't help that all this sex talk had gotten him going. I said, "Well it could have been worse if we had been watching your movies."

Dave said, "Well then, Sherry would just have to take care of me."

The conversation had turned much lighter so I said, "Well either Sherry or Jen."

Sherry laughed and said that I had better not tease him. He had been admiring Jen's large breasts since before dinner.

Dave groaned and said, "You guys better quit before I do get one of those movies." The room got very quiet again. It was decision time. Jen and I had made ours some time ago and I was surprised that she would go along having just met Dave and Sherry today. But we really did click.

Sherry got off the couch and walked over to the TV cabinet. "Well," she said turning to look at us, "I guess if Dave can't get off the couch it's up to me to choose one." She turned and opened the cabinet made a quick selection and inserted the tape into the VCR. She grabbed the remote and headed back to the couch.

Sherry is model beautiful about 5'9", about 120 lbs., with short black curly hair, and bright blue eyes. She also has a very nice chest which I had noticed earlier at the restaurant. Not as big as Jen's but very nice. Dave is at least 6'3", about 200 lbs., with short light hair and a moustache. He obviously keeps himself in shape but then that goes with the job. 

The movie started and Jen settled down between my legs with her back to me. The ottoman made a nice transition to the overstuffed chair and we were very comfortable. I quickly reasoned that this was one of Sherry's favorite porno movies. The lead couple were almost dead ringers for Sherry and Dave. I am sure that helped with the fantasy. The dreaded plot was that they were having friends over for dinner. Dinner very quickly became a game of cards, cards became strip poker, strip poker became sex, became swapping. It was predictable but the actors were great looking and the sex energetic. 

By the time the guys had started eating the girls pussies, Sherry was leaned back against Dave who had both hands under her top playing with her tits. I was enjoying Jen's breasts as well. I decided it was time to have better access and reached down and pulled Jen's sweater over her head and off. I wasted no time in removing her bra and going back to work on her nipples. Dave's eyes were glued now to Jen's breasts and the movie was a distant background noise. Sherry reached down and pulled her own top off. She had a peach colored push up (that she didn't need) bra that fastened in front, She removed it and tossed it next to her top. She does have a nice chest.

Dave was staring and Sherry directed him to get back to business. I could hear her breathing and knew that she was excited. The movie may have started it, but her attention was on us as well. I started working a hand down across Jen's stomach and into the waistband of her jeans. Jen helped by unfastening the button and unzipping her jeans. I crawled my way through the patch of pubic hair and ran a finger down into her slit. A moan escaped her lips and I found the opening moist. As I worked my finger into her, I heard Sherry moan as well. As I looked up she stood up and pulled her jeans down her long athletic legs to reveal the matching peach panties. As I watched she turned toward Dave and bent over at the waist, having hooked her thumbs in the waistband to remove her panties. She revealed a lovely ass and red puffy lips. 

As she stepped out of her panties, she reached for Dave and helped him to stand. She slowly began to undress him. As his body was revealed I could feel more moisture being released and hear Jen's breathing become more labored. She was definitely attracted to him. Sherry knelt down to remove his boxers and reveal a tensely upright cock of about nine inches. It wasn't as thick as mine or as big as some Jen had recently experienced but judging from her reaction, I was sure she wouldn't mind trying it on. 

Meanwhile, Sherry had remained kneeling and was tasting the head of Dave's prick. She kissed it with obvious affection and slowing began to give him what appeared to be a great blow job. By this time I had managed to get Jen's jeans and panties down around her knees and stood up to finish removing them. Being in the right place, I began to eat her pussy. The juices were really flowing. As I lapped them up and moved toward her clit she clamped her legs around my neck and started to come. Jen's is not exactly quiet when she climaxes and it was obvious to Dave and Sherry. I heard some giggling and turned to tell them that this was some of my best work.

Dave said he thought he could do just as well if Sherry didn't mind. Sherry said, "Go ahead, Dan hasn't even got his clothes off yet. I'll give him a hand if you don't mind."

Dave said, "Have fun." He gave Sherry a kiss and walked toward Jen. Jen was up on her elbows with a large smile on her face just waiting. Dave knelt between her thighs and went right to work. Sherry met me halfway across the room and started unfastening my jeans. I pulled my shirt over my head and gave it a toss. Sherry didn't wait to take my jockeys off before reaching inside to grab a hold of my cock. She squeezed too tightly and I yelped. She apologized saying she was a little excited and couldn't believe she was feeling a cock other than Dave's. She said she had never been with anyone but Dave. I told her it was okay that she could have as much of it as she liked. The sound of Jen's second climax brought our attention to she and Dave. I asked Sherry if she felt okay seeing Dave eat another woman's pussy. She said it was a little strange but she did like watching it. I told her that I liked watching Jen receive pleasure as well.

We watched for a while. Sherry holding my cock and me playing with her small dark patch of pubic hair. Finally, I suggested that if she wanted to watch a while I was going to get comfortable and I laid down on the floor. Sherry knelt down beside me and continued watching her husband eat Jen's pussy. I continued playing around near her pussy and finally lifted her thigh and pulled it over my shoulder. When she realized what I was doing she relaxed and sat squarely on my face. My nose nuzzled her clit as my lips worked over her labia. Her pussy was sweet both in aroma and taste. I had really just begun when Sherry reached down to grab me by the ears. She held my head still while she filled my mouth with her nectar. She cooed as she came and finally relaxed her grip on my ears.
