 The fourth day began once again with a jog and Sarah once more had a different set of clothes - the thong leotard was green and the pantyhose were red. During the stretching it was again Ted who got adventurous, this time with a question:

"How flexible are you, Capt'n?"

"I'm pretty nimble, I can spread my legs in all directions" she replied with a wink.

The soldiers grinned and Ted continued:

"So you can do the splits no problem?"

"Sure. Wanna see?"

The entire platoon nodded their heads "YES" vigorously.

Sarah assumed a wide stance, bent forward and placed her palms flat on the ground, then she continued to spread her legs further until her crotch rested on the surface. She then straightened up her torso and raised her arms mocking the gymnast gesture and saying loudly:

"Ta-da!"

The men rewarded the short spectacle with a cheer, but Ted's curiosity was not satiated yet.

"How about raising your leg above your head while standing?"

She got up from the ground in a smooth motion, then performed a high kick that could hit someone who was standing right behind her.

"Like that?"

"That too. But I was thinking about a slow motion, not so dynamic."

"I think I can do that, but I'll need you assistance. Someone to stand behind me and support me so I don't fall backwards and the other to lift my leg. I'm flexible, but I'm not a contortionist, you know."

Ted and Bill were instantly there to assist, Bill was supporting the Captain while Ted offered to raise her leg.

"Open your palm" said Sarah.

She then leaned onto Bill and placed her left ankle inside Ted's palm; the private began to slowly lift it without further prompt. Soon Captain's leg was risen above her head as she stood between the two athletic men, the erotic tension was obvious, but then she simply said:

"You can let me go now, Ted."

The soldier obeyed and Sarah lowered her leg.

"See you later boys" she said with a grin and left the aroused bunch; she was horny herself too, but decided against using toys during the suntanning, she still got a bit naughty nevertheless.

When Sarah, dressed in a skimpy bikini, reached her secluded spot and took off the top, she decided that she did not want to have any tan lines whatsoever, so she took the bottom off as well. After all no-one was watching her, right? Wrong! The same three privates who had spied on Sarah the previous night asked the Sergeant for a permission to leave on some made up reason and were granted it. All they wanted to do was to practice some more voyeurism of their incredibly hot Captain. Following her they learnt of her tanning spot and customs and saw her strip naked outdoors. They did not have the time to spy too long though, because they had to return to the rest of the platoon.

The volleyball game looked pretty much the same as yesterday, only this time Sarah's team won 3:2 after a close match. Her booty again received a generous amount of patting.

For the evening at the canteen the Captain decided to wear something different, she put on a pair of claret spandex leggings which were made of a thinner fabric than leggings usually are, that did not make them exactly see-through, but created a illusion of transparency. Underneath she only had the tiniest g-string, because anything else would leave a visible panty line. On top she had a tight long beige shirt, it had long sleeves and a deep cleavage, the latter was once again enhanced by a sexy bra, this time white. The shirt might have been long, but not enough to cover Sarah's buttocks, it only reached about halfway down her booty; but leggings were pants after all, right?

During the game of pool the Captain teased the soldiers just as much as the previous day and this time it also cost her the victory; the privates received a nice spectacle of her firm booty in various poses. She lost the other two games as well, so the whole platoon again drunk three beers per men; Sarah's volleyball team had one more at the expense of their defeated opponents. Four beers is enough to get a woman drunk, so the dancing was a bit more hazy this time and definitely more touchy; her partners' hands were all over her body and she never opposed. It was during her dance with Ted that Sarah turned her back to him and grinded her buttocks into his crotch, as a response the private grabbed her breasts with his huge palms. The captain did not oppose that either, but pushed her booty harder into the man; she could feel his erection through the fabrics that separated them, it was huge and pulsating. Ted continued to hold Sarah's breasts as he began to dry hump her to the rhythm of the music. The Captain was fully aware that all the soldiers were watching them, but the alcohol and her own horniness caused her to loosen the inhibitions.

Sarah had been teasing the soldiers long and hard enough that Ted did not need to hump her for too long, after slightly longer than a minute she sensed his body tensing as he grabbed her breasts even stronger, almost painfully. The Captain did not complain and she could feel as the young soldier was ejaculating into his own underwear. When he finished and his grip on her breasts loosened she slipped out, said a hurried goodbye and left.

Shame was not the main reason of her hasty departure, it was the arousal, Sarah needed to get off as well. Despite the fact that she was in a hurry to masturbate she still wanted to have the complete experience, so after hurriedly undressing she first reached for an anal plug, this time the second largest in her collection. She also took the bottle of lubricant, it was necessary for her anus, her vagina was moist already. Getting the plug in was not as quick as with the smaller ones, this one required a short warm-up, Sarah groaned loudly as she worked up her anus. 

She was once again oblivious of the spectators, this time Ted was not among them, since he left the canteen right after her and went to take a shower. But the three voyeurs that came were also incredibly horny and that caused them to act even more boldly. They all whipped out their penises and began to stroke them to the sight of the masturbating Captain. Sarah eventually worked the plug into her anus and reached for other toys - huge realistic penis dildo and the faithful magic wand. Soon her lustful cries filled the room and escaped through the ajar window to reach the three masturbating men. 

The young soldiers had already been on the edge, so another stimulus was enough to make them climax, in short time all three ejaculated onto the wall; they continued to watch the spectacle though. The Captain needed few more minutes with her toys before she managed to bring herself to an orgasm; it was as intense as yesterday. When she lie on her bed panting heavily the three privates left quietly.

The first days at the Camp Holiday were fun and the beer was good, but in merely three days the platoon drunk about 250 beers; at that rate they would be out of booze quickly. Fortunately the Captain knew of certain people in the logistics who owed her a favor and could deliver the beers (and maybe some other supplies) without all the necessary bureaucracy, so that the Headquarters would not take interest in the apparent party.

First Lieutenant Smith and Second Lieutenant Jones, also known as Aron and Aaron because those were their first names, were resourceful, fun-loving and... let's say that they did not mind exchanging favors. The one they owed to Sarah was not as large as a truck full of beer, as at the end she would be the one in debt; but that was a sacrifice she was willing to make. They made contact through the radio and arranged the delivery. Lt. Smith told the Captain that because of other commitments he could organize the transport and get to Fort Halloway within five days. That was not a problem, they had enough booze for five days and Sarah was considering to limit the drinking to every second day anyway; she would still join the soldiers in the canteen and play games with them though.

Captain Bendy informed the platoon about the good and bad news right away, they received the beer limits far better than she had anticipated. She suspected that she knew the reasons for that; Sarah herself and her flaunted femininity were the reasons of the soldiers high morale.

During the next five days the Captain slightly limited the teasing; the stretching after jogging was kept simple, during the pool she actually focused on the games, although that still gave the soldiers a generous view (she won the game each day), she also moderated the inappropriate touches, but the slapping during the volleyball games remained. But the groping and dry humping did no occur again, that one incident was not mentioned by anyone either, at least not in the presence of the Captain.

Sarah continued to sunbathe naked and two more times few soldiers came to spy on her, to which she remained oblivious. But eventually the Sergeant learnt about the voyeurism and forbid the privates their activity, he did not inform the Captain though.

Five days passed quickly and one evening the "beer truck" finally arrived, the Lieutenants brought other supplies as well, but they made up a minority of the cargo. Of course some of the bureaucracy had to be maintained, so the young officers and the Captain went to her office together, while the soldiers unloaded the truck. Sarah was dressed in camo leggings and a tight tank top.

As soon as the door behind them closed the men's hands were all over her body, she did not fight it, but opposed verbally.

"Not here, someone might see us."

"It's a long drive to Fort Holiday, you know..." replied Aron as he continued to grope her buttocks.

"We'll have the night for that."

"The summer's high and the days are long" added Aaron grabbing her breasts.

"Knock it off, you two. Let's do the papers first."

"How about just a quick blowjob? We missed you and we're desperate" asked Aron giving her a pleading look.

"All right, you assholes. But after that keep it somewhat professional."

"We're always SOMEWHAT professional" replied Aaron with a grin as the two men sat on a couch.

Sarah knelt in front of them and retrieved their penises, both were significantly larger than average, with proportionately sizeable testicles, everything neatly shaven. Respecting the ranks she first took First Lieutenant Smith's penis into her mouth, while slowly jerking off Jones'.

"We were terribly disappointed when we heard about your exile to the Fort."

"Yeah, you're by far the best girl in the whole garrison."

"I bet these boys can't even compare to our dicks."

Sarah interrupted the sucking and replied:

"Yes, you're far bigger dicks than any of them. Now please, kindly shut up."

"You'll talk differently when we later make you cum.

"Yeah... I love your cum cries."

She did not comment the last statement, because said cries were what she was waiting for more than the beer.

The Aron's were assholes, but they were strangely likeable once you got to know them; and the sex was exceptionally good, not to mention the "favors". The Captain and the Lieutenant went along well. 

This was supposed to be a quick blowjob, so Sarah skillfully used her mouth, tongue and one of her palms to be over with the task as soon as possible; they would have the proper sex later.

It seemed that the Aron's were indeed desperate, because after merely several minutes the sucking was over, the Captain swallowed both voluminous loads, so they could finally proceed to the papers.

Later that day all three officers joined the soldiers in the canteen. Sarah was dressed in the same short red dress and Louboutins as the first day. The sexy outfit caused the Lieutenants to wonder how "somewhat" their professionalism should be.

"The boys have to earn the beer" explained the Captain to their guests "by beating me in some of the games. But this time I think we can make an exception because of the generous delivery. Three beers for each men!"

The soldiers cheered, they have not drunk three beers since the memorable humping night.

The Aron's had always been liked among the soldiers and this night was not an exception, they also behaved decently enough towards Sarah, even though she was her usual teasing self. This evening was not much different from others in terms of activities, it seemed to be overall more entertaining though. The Lieutenants were likeable assholes who had a joke for each occasion. And when they wanted to they could make the privates feel like their best pals. That might have been the reason why Ted decided to try his luck and draw Sarah on a certain subject.

"So how about another story, like that one with Rick?"

"Which story was that?" inquired Aron.

"How I first met my ex-boyfriend Rick" replied Sarah.

"And sucked his cock in front of an audience?" added Aaron.

"Yeah, that one."

"Tell us another one!" prompted Aron "no-one had such a rich life as you did."

"Oh, would you please shut up" Sarah replied with a smirk, but she continued nevertheless.

"We played pool more often and I got better at the game. Once we played a team match against two guys, for money. They were pretty good, but reluctant to raise the stakes, so Rick told them, that I'd suck their cocks if they won. I shot him a fuck-you-glance, but nodded my approval. After all we were supposed to win. Rick and I played our best, but after a really close game those guys won. To avoid a brawl I kept true to my word and agreed to suck them off. They suddenly turned into assholes and said that they want me to do it right there, so once again I had an audience. I gave them both blowjobs, one after another and swallowed their loads; didn't want to ruin my makeup. I'm not sure if Rick wanted to outasshole them, in which he was a champ, or simply wanted to brag that his cock was so much bigger, which was a fact. But as I was swallowing the second load he came over and whipped out his dick. The audience cheered and I gave a third blowjob, this time I put more effort into it, because Rick's cock was really epic and I loved sucking it."

Sarah made a pause and took a sip of the beer.

"Girl, you always have the most fun" commented Aron.

"I do? I never plan any of it."

"That's what you say..."

"But that's not the end."

"Give it to us!"

"The guys immediately suggested a revenge. If we won they'd give us back the money, if they won they'd get to fuck me. Rick agreed right away, he was the one laying out the money, but this time I felt my inner asshole too. I've never told him that, but we again narrowly lost because of my little deliberate mistakes. It's not that I was eager to get fucked by two strangers, but if Rick wanted to basically pimp me out, I wanted to see his expression after he says goodbye to his money. I took off my panties, hiked up my dress and bent over the table. Yep, public again. They fucked my one after another, I was even kind enough to tell them I was on a pill, so they both came inside. I knew Rick loved sloppy seconds, although he'd never admit it himself."

"Wait, what!?" interrupted Aron "you wanted them to cum inside FOR Rick? This all sounded more like a break-up story."

"Break up? Hell no! That crazy relationship was fucking awesome and awesome fucking, at least at that time. Sex with Rick was just too good to give it up because of his assholeness."

"You like bad boys, huh?"

"Why else would I be in the army? Uniforms don't suit me. Rick obviously fucked me too and it was him who brought me to a screaming orgasm. I guess that for him it was also a way of claiming his territory in from of those guys. Even though we lost the game and the money it was him who made the hot chick, me, cum. As he withdrew his cock and I straightened up the cum began to ooze out of my pussy, the tiny thong wouldn't contain it, so instead of putting the panties on I shoved them into my pussy."

"You went home like that?"

"Nope. We stayed and played a third round, this time with my ass on the line."

"You got assfucked too?!"

"No. This time we won."

"So you didn't see Rick's face after he lost the money after all."

"I didn't. But I told him that he has to buy me clothes for the entire sum or there would be no more sex. He laughed because we both knew that was an empty threat, but he spent it all on sexy clothes for me nevertheless."

"I can't imagine what could've caused the two of you to break up" said Aaron.

"You're not the most imaginative guy I know" Sarah replied with a wink "but that's a tale for another time."

Despite the cordial atmosphere and the additional arousal caused by the slutty story the three officers left the canteen earlier than Sarah on her own usually did. Or maybe instead of the word "despite" "because" should be used. The Lieutenants did not go to their quarters, but all three of them headed to the Captain's place, they intended to make the atmosphere even more cordial there. This would be the first installment of Sarah's favor for the Arons.

Once the door closed behind them the events escalated rapidly. Aron grabbed Sarah, pulled her close and kissed her passionately, she returned the kiss enthusiastically; their lips soon parted, she turned around and did the same with Aaron. She then pulled her dress over her head and threw it onto a chair, Smith pulled down her panties and she stepped out of them. They shared another kiss, this one slightly longer, just enough so that Jones could swiftly undress; once he was naked it was his time for the longer kiss and for Smith to get nude. Soon the only clothes still being worn were Sarah's stockings and heels... and something else.

"I see you're prepared" commented Aron while putting his palm on the Captain's buttocks and using his finger to press the anal plug she was wearing.

"Mhmm..." was her only response.

"You're my favourite slut" he added as he slapped her booty.

In a haze of kissing and groping the trio moved to the bed. They continued that activity there in a chaotic fashion, the Arons' palms and lips were all over Sarah's body which she had offered to them enthusiastically. But their time was limited, so soon the men proceeded to the more "strategic" body parts and activities.

The Captain ended up lying on her back with her head hanging over the edge. Smith spread her legs wide and dived between them head first; her pussy was already moist, but he wanted her not only to be ready, but to really enjoy the threesome, not to mention that he simply wanted to taste her. Jones approached Sarah's head and placed the tip of his already hardening penis on her lips, she put her palms on his strong thighs and began to suck the cock; for the second time that day she could admire its amazing length. Aaron's penis, when fully erect, was incredibly long, straight and wonderfully proportionate; it could serve as a penis-model.

That was not a position intended for mere blowjobs though, soon Sarah's moans were silenced as Jones began to push his penis deeper into her mouth and throat; with her palms on his thighs the Captain regulated the pace. Eventually Aaron's large testicles rested on her nose, he kept the entire huge penis inside of Sarah's throat until she gently pushed his thighs back; he then withdrew his hips so that only the head of his cock rested between her lips and she could take a deep breath.

Meanwhile Smith continued to work his tongue, he had eaten numerous pussies in his life and was a true expert in cunnilingus. Moreover this was not his first time with Sarah, so he knew well which buttons to press; he was not only licking and fingering her clit and pussy, but also pushing and prodding the anal plug. She would have been groaning already if something else was not occupying her mouth.

When Jones shoved his cock into the Captain's throat for a second time he lifted his gaze from her head to her body, then glanced at Aron between her legs and eventually shot a short almost accidental gaze at the window. He spotted the three bold privates who were spying at the affair, he grinned widely and showed them thumbs up. Smith who lifted his head for a short break noticed the gesture and followed his gaze, he reacted in the same was as his friend, then returned to the task at hand. Sarah was too focused on the deepthroating to notice anything, especially since all she could see was Jones' crotch and legs.
