 You come home late from work, you have had a particularly rough day and you want nothing more than to have a beer, sit and watch the television and relax, when you notice that your girlfriend has someone over at the house.  As you walk in you hear them chatting in the living room and head towards the bedroom to change and then for the kitchen... she calls for you to come into the living room and you sigh. Knowing that she wants you to be the gracious host and you only want to relax without any interruptions. As you walk through the living room you see the most beautiful woman you have seen in a long time. Your girlfriend is beautiful, but this woman makes you stop in your tracks.

Standing before you is a woman of 5'7", about 130. She has curves in all the right places, black hair to her waste and dark eyes. When she smiles it lights up those dark eyes and covers her entire face. She is wearing a black cat suit that hugs every curve of her body, to include a well endowed chest... not too large, but not too small. Your girlfriend comes over and gives you a welcome home kiss, a deep warm kiss that intrudes into everyone of your senses, you are no longer thinking of a beer. She apologizes for the company but says that she has a surprise for you. You can't even begin to imagine what the surprise might be, you are thinking that maybe she has bought a new dress or maybe has a romantic evening planned for the two of you.

She gives you a shy smile as her friend comes over. You reach your hand out to shake her hand but she reaches in and gives you a kiss that rivals the one your girlfriend just gave you.  Your toes curl in your shoes and you are stunned into silence, you can't even begin to imagine what is happening. You are slightly embarrassed by this brassy female and her boldness in front of Tessa and are unsure how you should respond. While you are hesitant to respond to her kiss, you feel your cock growing hard.

Tessa asks if you like her surprise. This again leaves you without words. You have always fantasized about this and told Tessa several times of this fantasy, but in your wildest dream, you never thought it would come true. Tessa and her friend take your hands and lead you down the hall towards your bedroom. When you get into the room you notice that it has soft candlelight and music playing, the bed is turned down and it is just the right temperature in the room.

As you all enter the room, the friend moves to the head of the bed and you see her reach for some silken scarves that are tied to the head of the bed. You begin to wonder what is on their minds but turn yourself over to the tender administrations of Tessa. Tessa is slowly unbuttoning your shirt and kissing every inch of your chest, starting at your neck, running her tongue down to your left nipple and nipping lightly on your nipple, sucking it into her mouth and rolling it between her teeth. 

The friend seems to have vanished from the room; you are totally wrapped up in what Tessa is doing to your body. She moves to the other nipple to share the tantalizing kisses and nips. Then continues down to your navel, flicking her tongue inside your belly button, around the rim of your waistband and you can feel your pants being loosened. Suddenly there is another set of hands on your back, slightly larger than Tessa's and you feel someone's lips (her friend) kissing your left shoulder, lightly, feathery from the inside out. She is running her hands over your ass, between your legs and gently cupping your balls through your pants.

Tessa reaches for your waist band and pulls your pants down, exposing your hard cock to the open air of the room, her friend whispers in your ear, "that is nice, I can't wait to feel that moving inside my warm, wet pussy." As she finishes her sentence, your knees buckle, you know that your legs will not hold you much longer. 

Tessa leads you to the bed, her friend gently pushing you into the mattress edge. As you lower to the bed each of the ladies grab a scarf and tell you to lie on your back. They each take a hand and wrap the scarf around it, not to tight, but tight enough that you know you are not going to be able to use your hands. Oh what they have in store for you is in the forefront of your mind. What delicious thoughts you are having. But you are not left to your thoughts long. Tessa moves onto the bed bedside you and continues to administer her licking, nipping kisses to your chest and stomach, moving from your waist back up. Her friend takes a position between your legs and begins to kiss your ankles, giving you the same licks and nips that Tessa is using, she is moving up your legs, ankle to knee, switching legs. She moves from your knee to the inside of your thigh, up to your hipbone.

Tessa is kissing you fully and deeply on the mouth, your tongues are combating for control, you are straining against the scarves to touch. Each time that you open your mouth to speak, Tessa lays a quieting finger against your lips and begins to kiss you again. Her friend is now kissing your hipbones and teasing your cock with her long slender fingers, gently squeezing and stroking.

You are standing tall and hard, waiting to see what will come next. Just as you think that it can't get any better the friend wraps her lush lips around the tip of your cock and takes your cock all the way deep into her throat, sucking each inch of you into her throat. The sensation is warm, wet, and silky. She sucks, licks, and flicks your cock with her tongue, just as you begin to feel the sensation of that first orgasm both women pull away. 

You are now on the bed by yourself and they have moved to different positions. Tessa has taken her friend's place, sucking on your cock and loving each inch of your manhood. Her friend is administering the same tender devotion to your chest that she showed your dick. At the moment that you want to cum they pull away again, you are at the edge, you can feel your seed fighting to burst out. 

Tessa moves to the side of the bed and her friend straddles your waist, she is suspended slightly above your cock, lowering herself slowly, inch by inch towards your hardness. You can feel the warmth of her pussy; the lips are glowing with their moistness, ready to receive you. She brushes her pussy against your hardness and continues to lower herself around your cock, taking every inch of you deep into her warm, wet lips. She has buried you all the way to your balls, and is moving up and down the shaft of your cock.

You are experiencing a new frustration not being able to move your hands to touch her, all you can do is watch her move on your cock. The denial of touching her heightens the sensations that you are feeling. Tessa is off to the side watching, when you roll your head to look at her you see that she is playing with herself, masturbating as her friend fucks you.

Her friend is riding you hard now, faster and faster, you can see on her face that she is going to cum, she is moving quickly and rapidly, slamming you deep into her pussy. The muscles of her pussy begin to spasm as she starts to orgasm, you can feel it throughout her body as she stiffens. You can hear Tessa panting hard. You know that sound, she is cumming too. Only you are denied release now.

The friend begins to move again, slowly, tantalizing, up and down, back and forth, she leans forward and kisses you fully on the mouth. She is reaching for your hands, you feel the scarves loosen, and she wraps her fingers around yours. Now, she has trapped your hands with her own. She is moving so slowly. Moving slower, slower, faster, faster, and then harder. Faster, deeper, taking you in as far as she can.

She releases your hands, smiling at you, slowing her movement. She is leaning toward you again she kisses you. Then she leans fully against your body and whispers "I want you to shoot your cum, deep inside me. Wash my walls with your hotness." She is reaching behind her to rub your balls lightly with her fingers, caressing your sack and squeezing lightly as she continues to ride your hard cock. Just when you think that she might stop she rises up and turns away from you, not coming off your cock. Now you see her ass bumping against your pelvic bone as she continues to ride your cock, she is leaning forward and kissing your ankles, rubbing her hands against your legs as she continues to ride you.

She varies between moving fast and slow. One... Two... Three... Fast, then repeats in a slower motion. You reach forward and grab her hips. You are able to move her to your own tempo now, she has given control over to you.

Tessa is still playing with herself, telling you to cum. She is telling you how much she enjoys watching you fuck her friend. She wants to see you cum inside her friend, deep and hot. Her friend is moaning, she is ready to cum again but she tells you that she wants to wait until you are ready and cum together. Then you can feel her muscle spasms, seeking your cum, she pulls your cock deeper. As your cock hardens for that much awaited orgasm you grab her hips hard, pulling her tight into your cock and move her rapidly on you. You are slamming up into her, harder, harder. She is screaming now, her body is shaking and the two of you cum together, with Tessa moaning through her own orgasm.