 Chapter 1: Curiosity Killed the Pussy

October, Freshman year 

The sun rose, turning the room a light yellow. The girls slept through the morning sun. Cynthia awoke later. "Hey Julie, you awake?" She said to her roommate in the bunk above her.

"Ugh, now I am you big jerk," Julie smiled to herself, throwing a pillow down at Cynthia, below her.

"What time is it?" Cynthia asked, feeling worn out from the partying the night before. 

"How the hell am I supposed to know, you just woke me up," She laughed a bit, also feeling a bit tired still. She jumped off the bunk, heading into the kitchen, to look at the clock. "It is...wow, noon."

Cynthia sat up, her bare feet on the cold floor, "I need a shower," she said. Cynthia hastily grabbed a towel from her dresser, walking toward the shower. "Any plans for today?"

"Well, I wanted to go to the store really quick. I wanna get it done ASAP, so do you mind if I shower with you?" she chuckled to herself.

"That won't work, but nice try," Cynthia laughed at her bisexual roommate. "And don't sneak in to watch me either," Cynthia said as she turned back to Julie, smiling.

"Can't blame a girl for trying," She winked at her. Julie walked to the refrigerator, opening it up, looking for the orange juice. "Did you drink all of the god damn orange juice again?"

Cynthia poked her head out of the bathroom door, "What do you mean again? Plus I paid for it last time anyway," she said. Julie stared at her. "And don't come in here, I'm naked," Cynthia said, her face semi-red, closing the door behind her. 

Julie grinned, "Oh, I wouldn't even think it girl," She laughed to herself. Julie closed the fridge, walking slowly to the bathroom door. "oh, look at that, I need to brush my teeth." She said loudly, smiling to herself. She slowly turned the knob. Julie poked her head in the bathroom.

"Ahh," Cynthia screamed, pulling the shower curtain in front of her. Julie pushed the door fully open, the girls looking at each other. Cynthia started laughing, and that started Julie laughing too. 

"So girl, I didn't know you shaved." Julie started cracking up. Cynthia was quite embarrassed, and they both laughed loudly. Cynthia laughed so much she had to sit on the edge of the tub, the shower curtain no longer covering anything as she gave up the vain attempt to cover herself.

Julie somewhat stared at Cynthia now. Cynthia's shoulder length curly blonde hair was covering her face as she laughed uncontrollably. Her perfect sexy lips curved into an amazing smile, and her breasts were a nicely rounded B. She was tanned on most of her body except for her breasts and waist. "Would you get out of here!" Cynthia tried to say, laughing to hard to sound like she meant it. 

It took Julie a few seconds to understand what she said, but she snapped out of it, shaking her head. "Um, yeah, sure thing." She let out another smile. Julie walked to the drawer. She opened it up, and grabbed her green tooth brush, along with a bottle of tooth paste. Julie started to brush her teeth, the embarrassed Cynthia behind her. They stared at each other's eyes in the mirror. "What?" Julie said, her mouth filled with toothpaste. Cynthia shook her head, still smiling. "I had to brush my teeth," Julie said, starting to brush again.

"Take your time," Cynthia said, watching her, smiling still. She was embarrassed still, her cheeks darkening up a little more. Julie soon spat the tooth paste into the sink, and rinsed her mouth out with water. She wiped her mouth, and put her tooth brush and paste away. Julie walked to the door, but not without one more look at her hot dorm mate. She winked at her, and then left, closing the door. Once she got out, she let out a soft moan, and said to herself, "God, what I would give to wrap my arms around that pretty thing."

Cynthia sighed, and stood up. She turned on the shower and waited for the hot water to kick in. She stepped into the shower and quickly went about her business. She hurriedly lathered and rinsed with a bar of soap, then she shampooed her hair. With the chores out of the way, she peeked her head outside the shower curtain, just to make sure. Seeing nothing, Cynthia sat down in the tub, the hot water striking her in the chest. Cynthia spread her legs, and scooted back a few inches, until the water flowed onto her special area. Cynthia laid back against the back of the tub, moaning softly, and closing her eyes. Cynthia pressed her right hand down against her pussy, rubbing herself. She opened her lips with her fingers, allowing the water to tease her.

It had been at least a week since Cynthia had pleasured herself like this. The shower was her favorite place to play with herself. With her eyes closed, she tried to picture some masculine guy, picking her up, and carrying her to bed. As much as she tried, it wouldn't happen. Thoughts of Julie kept popping into her head. Julie and her nice breasts, and her tender lips. "Oh god..." she let out, her climax rising, breathing heavily. "No, no way, I'm not gay," Cynthia smiled, and then pictured herself getting her pussy licked by some hunk. But the guy suddenly turned into Julie. "Oh yes!" Cynthia let out, screaming herself to a well deserved orgasm.

Feeling very relieved, Cynthia picked herself up. The realization that she was turned on by another woman wasn't entirely a surprise to her. Still, she was unsure of what it meant. She turned off the water, and reached for the shower curtain. Just before her hand reached it, the curtain suddenly pulled back. "Ah!" Cynthia yelped, scared. Then she was embarrassed when she saw Julie, staring back at her.

Julie had a big smile on her face, as she stared at her naked dorm mate. "Have fun in there?"

"None of your business," Cynthia said. Cynthia reached for a towel, wrapping it around herself and stepping out of the shower. "Can I help you with something?" Cynthia asked, Julie still staring at her.

Julie had a huge smiled on her face. "Sorry. I thought you fell and hurt yourself. But when I came in, I realized what you were really doing... and I couldn't stop watching," Julie said, smirking.

"Right," Cynthia said sarcastically. Cynthia stepped to the sink and started to brush her teeth. Cynthia looked up into the mirror and at Julie behind her, suddenly realizing that Julie was undressing and staring at her. Cynthia turned around, watching Julie undress. "What..what are you doing?" she asked, nervously.

"Oh, I have to take a shower too, remember?" Julie grinned at her. Cynthia nodded, and continued brushing. For some reason, she could not look away. Julie unsnapped her bra, letting it fall to the floor. Her marvelous 40D breasts popped out. Cynthia just stared, mesmerized by her friends breast size. Julie smiled to herself, feeling Cynthia's eyes on her body as she pulled her panties down past her knees, letting them drop to the floor. Julie's shaved pussy was exposed to the humid air. Smiling, Julie's eyes came up to Cynthia's. Julie saw the hypnotized stare in Cynthia's eyes.

Cynthia blushed, and finished brushing, quickly walking out of the bathroom, shutting the door behind her. She walked back into her bedroom, grabbing clothes from her drawer. Cynthia threw the wet towel over the side of a hamper, starting to dress. 

Julie smiled to herself, and then stepped into the shower. She walked over to the handle, and turned it on, for hot water. The water splashed on her skin, "Ah!" she let out, jumping to the side, the water to hot. She quickly turned it down some, and smiled to herself, as the temperature was set. Julie grabbed the soap, and began lathering her breasts. "God, Cynthia is so fucking hot," She said to herself, her eyes closed. She held the image of Cynthia's naked body in her mind. She rinsed the soap off, and reached for the shampoo bottle. She opened the cap, and squirted some shampoo in her hand. She lathered her hands up, and then rubbed it all into her hair. Cynthia's naked body stayed in her mind, where it belonged. She let out a moan, just thinking about her. She rinsed the soap out of her hair, and instantly brought her hands down to her pussy, rubbing it fast. "Mmmm...oh Cynthia, yes, please, more..."

Cynthia wondered what had just happened between her and Julie, but dismissed her thoughts as she finished dressing. She walked back out into the kitchen. Cynthia heard the shower running. For some reason, she felt drawn toward the bathroom. She quietly walked up to the bathroom, putting her ear to the door. With her ear pressed against the wooden door, Cynthia heard the distinct sound of a woman cumming. The idea struck her to go inside, as Julie had done. However, Cynthia stepped back, pretending she didn't hear that. As hard as she tried to stop, the thought of Julie thinking of her while she pleasured herself stayed in Cynthia's mind for the rest of the afternoon.

4 Curious College Girls

By John Morrison & Jessica Eggler

Creators of "The Adventures of John and Holly" and "Jessica's Adventures!"

Chapter 2: Wild Tongues

October, Freshman Year

"Did you see Cynthia today?" Alex asked Taylor, as they sat watching TV in the middle of the night.

"No, I didn't see her or Julie. They were probably out," Taylor said, laughing at the TV. She sat on an arm chair, wearing a white T-shirt, and blue jeans.

"She acted strange when I saw her earlier," Alex said, sitting in her nightgown. "I just wondered if there was something going on," Alex said.

"I'm sure she was fine. You know Cynthia, she is always worried about something," Taylor smiled, looking over to Alex.

"I think I'm going to bed, it's pretty late," Alex said, slowly standing up.

"I'll go soon, I wanna finish this movie." She smiled, looking at Alex, then back to the TV.

Alex quickly walked into her room, quietly shutting the door. She opened her drawer, picking up several layers of items, and grabbed a vibrator from the back of the drawer. She hopped up to the top bunk, quickly getting under her covers. In the dark, Alex settled into bed, her long hair laid out on her pillows, her short skinny frame taking up very little of the bed. She closed her eyes, pushing the small vibrator under the covers and under her nightgown. The mechanical buzzing seemed dangerously loud, worrying Alex, not wanting to get caught pink handed. She pictured her favorite dream guy, going through positions and different acts quickly, the small toy pressing against her clit. Her other hand was massaging her lips below the toy, trying to cum as quickly as possible. She was moaning softly and rhythmically, her back arching steadily.

Taylor yawed on the couch, very tired from a tough day in the gym. She stood up, and turned the TV off. She headed to her bedroom door, eyes half shut. When she reached the door, she thought she heard a buzzing sound. Not wanting to wake Alex up, she opened the door slowly and quietly.

Alex heard the door open. She turned the vibrator off, and played dead, hoping she hadn't been caught.

"Alex, are you awake?" Taylor asked, looking at the top bunk in the dark room.

"Yeah," Alex replied softly, her hands and toy still in her crotch, not wanting to move an inch. Then Taylor turned the lights on.

Taylor saw Alex in a weird position. Taylor smirked, knowing what was going on, "What are you doing? What was that buzzing?"

"What buzzing?" Alex said, trying to play it off. Taylor looked at her, still smirking. "Fine! I was masturbating," Alex said bluntly. 

Taylor giggled, looking at her. "Don't be embarrassed, it's ok. I hear you almost every night anyways." Taylor smiled, walking closer to her.

"You knew all this time?" Alex asked, sitting up now.

"Yeah," Taylor said, making it sound obvious.

"Then why did you make me sneak around all this time?" Alex asked.

"Well, would me saying 'I heard you masturbate last night' sound like a normal thing to say?" she laughed a bit.

"Since when are you normal?" Alex quipped.

"Hey, don't get pissy at me cause I caught you," Taylor said, looking in her eyes.

"I'm not being pissy, I just mean that I kept doing it quietly, and you knew the whole time," Alex said, now gesturing with her hands, which brought her little toy into plain sight.

"Well, I guess I just...hey! Is that my vibrator!?" Taylor asked, furiously, walking forward and grabbing the toy from Alex's hand.

"No," Alex said, the wet toy now in Taylor's possession.

Taylor blushed now, realizing the difference now. "Oh, sorry!"

"If you lick that, I swear to god," Alex said, knowing the bi-curious tendencies of Taylor.

Taylor grinned, "Oh, and what if I do?" she looked at Alex, raising the vibrator to her lips.

"I don't lick your vibrator," Alex said in a disgusted voice.

Taylor laughed, "But this one is coated in something sweet," She looked back at her.

Alex jumped out of bed, going to take her slippery vibrator back. "Give me that," Alex said, holding her hand out. 

Taylor giggled, as she saw Alex run at her. Her long dark brown hair flew behind her, as her beautiful brown eyes were filled with anger. Her nice B cup breasts bounced slightly as she ran to her, and her nightgown was wet down there. Taylor smiled, and backed up, licking the vibrator's shaft.

Alex kept moving toward Taylor until she was backed up against the dresser, still smirking. She tried to grab the vibrator but couldn't get a hold of the slippery plastic, and Taylor moved aside and around the attacking Alex. Alex walked towards Taylor again, Taylor backed up all the way back to her bed.

Taylor giggled, as she tripped, and fell on her bed, still licking the vibrator. "Mmmm, it tastes SOOO good Alex." She watched her come at her, as she knew now she was trapped on her bed.

Alex was ready to pounce, and jump onto Taylor's bed, but Taylor did something unexpected. Taylor held the vibrator in her mouth with her teeth, her hands going down to pull up her shirt. Taylor tossed her shirt at Alex, laughing as she did it. Taylor is around 5 foot 7, with large C cup breasts, that were constrained by her white bra. She had blonde hair that was just less than shoulder length, and these piercing blue eyes that showed she was quite happy with herself at the moment. 

The shirt flew into Alex's face. 

"You can't just attack me, it would be too lesbian for you," Taylor smirked.

Alex stood there, her face covered with a light sweat. It radiated a soft red. "You little bitch...just give it back." She frowned at her.

"Make me," Taylor said, pushing the vibrator just inside the top of her jeans, slowly descending toward her special area, provoking Alex.

Alex lunged at Taylor, pushing her down on her bed. Taylor laughed as Alex angrily grabbed for the vibrator, ending up with her hand in Taylor's crotch.

Taylor smiled at her. "Hmm, what do you think you are doing?" she giggled, pulling the vibrator out, licking the head.

Alex noticed that the quick wrestling match had popped Taylor's breasts out of her bra. Alex started laughing out loud, laying back on the bed giggling.

Taylor did too, her bra laying under her breasts, unclasped. She smiled, and threw it to the side. Taylor watched her laughing. She looked under her night gown, and noticed that she had no panties on. This got her a little wet.

"I'm not the only one flapping in the breeze," Taylor said laughing as hard as Alex. Alex heard the comment, and quickly understood that she was exposing herself to Taylor. Alex laughed even harder, rolling onto her side on the bed, laughing uncontrollably.

Taylor's face was bright red from all this laughing. She dropped the vibrator to the side, and closed her eyes, holding her stomach, laughing so hard. "Oh god girl, I haven't laughed this hard in a long time." She smiled, laughing still.

Alex was laying on her side, laughing and looking into Taylor's eyes. The laughing slowly went away, leaving silence and two exposed girls.

Taylor was just left with a big smile. Soon, that went away also. "Hey, Alex...what were you thinking of, when you were masturbating?" Taylor asked, looking into her eyes still.

"This guy in my Psych class," Alex said quietly.

She smiled, "What does he look like?"

"I don't know, he's not spectacular or anything...what do you think about?" Alex asked.

She smiled, "Eh, nothing really, I kinda just do it." She lied, not wanting to say.

"Oh come on, there has to be something," Alex persisted.

Taylor blushed wildly, as she looked away from her. "You...." She mumbled, very softly.

"Really?" Alex asked, sounding interested. "I have tried thinking about girls, but it's never as good as when I imagine a guy."

Taylor looked back at her, confused, "You aren't grossed out or anything?" she asked.

"Do you just think about me, or do you imagine other girls too?" Alex asked, sitting up, very interested in the topic.

"I uh...have thought about you, Cynthia, and Julie...but mostly, just you..." she blushed still.

"God, that must be frustrating. You have all that sexual energy when you are masturbating, and the object of lust is two feet away, but off limits..." Alex said, trailing off. "I thought about you once."

Taylor's eyes opened wide, "Really?!" she let out, happy, "tell me about it." She said more forcefully than asking.

"Well...I was fantasizing about this guy, but it just wasn't doing it for me, so I imagined that you walked in on us. So then, while he was still fucking me, you undressed, and came over, and you sat down on my face, and I was licking your pussy. After a while, the guy just kind of disappeared and it was just you and I in a sixty-nine," Alex said, blushing.

Taylor smiled brightly at this, blushing a bit. Her pussy was on fire now. "Oh god Alex, that is so hot." She smiled, looking at her exposed pussy. Her hand crept slowly to her own crotch.

Alex watched Taylor intently, seeing the arousal and desire in her. "Have you ever been with a girl?" Alex asked.

Taylor grinned, "Yes, I have. A couple actually, when I was younger. And I even kissed Julie the other day." She smiled, looking at Alex, fire in her eyes and pants.

Alex trembled. "Do...do you want to kiss me?" She asked, knowing the answer.

Instead of answering, Taylor leaned into her face, kissing her lips lightly. Their lips opened, and they very slowly started to explore each other's lips and tongue. The kiss ended quickly, Alex sitting back. Alex blushed, breathing faster, staring at Taylor for a minute, in a completely different way than before.

Taylor smiled at her best friend, and licked her lips slowly. "Was that your first lesbian kiss?"

Alex was smoldering, her mind on another level, her body completely awakened. The question lingered in the air for a while. Alex lunged forward, pushing Taylor back until she was on top of her. Alex immediately started kissing her passionately, her hands quickly moving all over Taylor.

Taylor smiled, kissing back with the same passion, if anything more. She rubbed her hands all over Alex's back. She lowered them, finding her ass. She squeezed this lovingly, as she thrusted her tongue into her friend's mouth.

Alex rubbed her hands on Taylor's large breasts, making out with her. She felt Taylor's hands move from her ass up to grab the bottom of her night gown and lifting it up. Alex raised her arms, letting Taylor take the night gown off.

Soon Alex's naked body was visible to the world around her. Her body glistened in a light sweat. She continued rubbing Taylor's breasts, pinching her nipples. Taylor sucked on her tongue lightly, as Alex unbuttoned Taylor's pants, pulling them down to her knees.

Taylor reached around Alex's firm ass, and pushed her index finger into Alex's dripping pussy. She slowly pushed her finger in and out, as Alex continued to feel her up.

Taylor used her legs to push her jeans the rest of the way off. Alex soon felt a second finger penetrate her pussy lips, "Oh god Taylor, I love you so much!" Alex moaned out, breaking away from Taylor's lips. Taylor didn't respond, as she went back to kissing her.
