 PRELUDE

Bev Collins was looking out her bedroom window down at the swimming pool in her back yard. Her focus was on the two young men working on her pool. They both were just wearing cut off shorts and their muscular tanned bodies glistened in the sun. Bev thought about all the things she would like those young men to do to her and it stirred her emotions. Bev subconsciously slipped her hand into her shorts and beneath her panties as she fantasized about the pool attendants. As Bev fingered her pussy and stroked her clit she thought back to the very first time she was with two boys.

Bev was 18 years old at the time she met two college boys at the pool one summer. She flirted with them all the time but they showed very little interest in her. Finally one of them Rob told her that unless she was willing to strip for them they weren't interested. Bev agreed to strip for them so they took her to this secluded area under a railroad trestle about a mile from the swimming pool. That day Bev had worn a dark purple one piece bathing suit that hugged her body and showed off her 36-24-36 mature body. Bev was not a virgin but even so as they walked along the railroad tracks she was a little nervous.

Once they arrived at the secluded spot, Rob and his friend Jimmy untied her bathing suit top and pulled it down to her waist. Bev remembered how excited they got when they saw her firm perfect breasts. "Damn look at those tits! You have great tits Bev!" Both boys groped her tits and tweaked her nipples causing them to harden and stand out. Then Jimmy in his excitement pulled her bathing suit down below her buttocks baring her gorgeous ass and hot pussy.

Bev recalled Jimmy's excitement, "Geez look at that ass. That ass has to have a cock in it." Bev had not had anal sex before that day but she had wondered about it since boys were always grabbing her curvy ass. Then Rob and Jimmy dropped their bathing suits to their knees and their erect stiff cocks popped out. For the next several minutes the two boys fondled Bev's ass and tits and fingered her pussy. As they did Bev took a cock in each hand and stroked them. Then the boys decided that it was time to fuck Bev so they spread out their towels on the ground and had Bev lay down on them.

The two boys kicked their bathing suits off and then they pulled Bev's suit from her body. Rob was the first to fuck her and she liked having his cock in her. Rob came quickly and flooded Bev's pussy with his seed. Bev felt the jets bounce off her inner walls as her womb was filled with semen. As quickly as he entered her Rob pulled out just as fast and he was immediately replaced by Jimmy. Bev maneuvered her body so that her clit was in contact with Jimmy's cock. Jimmy lasted a little longer than Rob had which allowed Bev to orgasm before he came in her. Jimmy fired a barrage of cum into Bev's pussy as his body jerked like a coiled spring.

Bev was then placed on all fours with cum dripping from her pussy. Rob got in front of her and stuck his cock in her mouth. Bev liked sucking cock as she felt it put her in control of her partner. As she was sucking Rob's cock, Jimmy was playing with her ass. Bev remembered Jimmy using the suntan lotion as lubricant for her asshole. Up to that moment Bev had never had anything in her ass but she liked the feeling of Jimmy's finger worming around in her rectum. Bev recalled Jimmy's finger leaving her ass and then he applied lotion and saliva to his cock. When he pushed the head of his cock in her ass, Bev winched with pain and screamed. Most of her scream was muffled by Rob's cock in her mouth as her eyes filled with tears. However Jimmy was persistent and Bev was determined to take his cock in her ass. Before long her ass was numb and she only felt fullness in her bottom. After a few more minutes Jimmy was sliding his cock in and out of Bev's beautiful ass and Bev was able to return to sucking Rob's cock. The two boys were excited beyond expectations as they worked Bev's luscious body.

Rob came first and shot another big load this time into Bev's mouth. Bev swallowed some semen but Rob fired so fast and so much that most of it ran out of her mouth and down her chin. Rob backed away and stroked his cock shooting a stream on Bev's hair. Bev had since put her head down and turned her face to one side as Jimmy continued to ream her ass. "Babe I can't tell you how good you look with my cock in your ass," Jimmy had told her.

Jimmy fucked her with a few more strokes before he pushed his cock all the way in and unleashed his load in her rectum. Bev actually liked the feeling of semen shooting into her ass and the warm liquid seemed to soothe her ravished anal passage. Bev found herself involuntarily clenching and unclenching her sphincter muscles around Jimmy's cock. That drove Jimmy wild and he called out to his friend. "Rob you have got to fuck this ass, she is incredible."

Bev was please with herself that she had been able to handle Jimmy's cock in her ass. Minutes later she was straddling Jimmy's cock as it filled her pussy when she felt Rob testing her asshole. Rob then pushed his cock into her ass and this time there was hardly any discomfort. The two boys and Bev figured out a rhythm and soon the three of them were racing toward another round of orgasms. Since the boys had already cum twice they lasted much longer that time, which Bev was pleased about as it let her have multiple orgasms before they came. Bev felt them ejaculate into her pussy and ass and she squeezed their cocks with her vaginal and sphincter muscles. Rob and Jimmy were sexually sated and drained.

Now as Bev watched the two young men working at her pool she envisioned the two them fucking her brains out. Bev's hand was working on her pussy as she thought about the possibilities with the two handsome muscular workers. She pulled her hand from her panties and licked her fingers clean. Then she went down to the kitchen to make some ice tea for the two workers. She would invite them in the house and hopefully they would pick up on her seductive cues. Bev's hands trembled in anticipation as she made the ice tea.

INTRODUCTION

Bev lost her virginity right after her 18the birthday. She found that she loved sex and that she liked to experiment and try different things. Bev was selective however about whom she had sex with and she often put off many a high school boy. Before college her most adventuresome encounter was with Rob and Jimmy the college boys who had double teamed her. Bev was grateful for that encounter with Rob and Jimmy as it opened her eyes to the college scene. Bev spent four years in college and graduated with a BA degree. She had managed her life well and she controlled her sex life while in school. Bev was selective about the boys she dated and even more selective about those she had sex with.

Bev was not shy about using her fantastic body to get what she needed. When she was struggling with a few courses she seduced her professors and assured herself of a good grade. One of her courses was taught by a woman and Bev allowed herself to be seduced by the female professor in order to raise her grade. Bev had been inexperienced with lesbian sex so she sought out another student before her encounter with the teacher. Bev enjoyed the female sex as she found it to be another adventure and experience. 

After college Bev accepted a position with a multi-national company. Her boss was a single nerdy type guy who was enamored with Bev. They started dating and within two years they were married. Bev married the guy for his money and his position within the company. Bev was transferred to another department and she continued to work for the same company. Most of the other executives couldn't come to terms as to why a fine piece of ass like Bev had married that nerd Harry.

Bev and Harry had a beautiful home complete with a private backyard and swimming pool. Harry was easy to please in bed although he was boring in the sex department. He never ate pussy and he never played with Bev's ass. Harry was content with missionary style sex and he was ecstatic when Bev sucked his cock. The first time Bev sucked Harry's cock, he came in her mouth and Bev then kissed Harry and transferred the semen to his mouth. Harry was stunned and taken back but he was afraid to complain. That ritual continued for years as Bev always made Harry taste his own seed.

One day Bev found out that Harry was sucking cock. Apparently he liked going to the adult video stores and sucking a strange cock through a glory hole. Then he got bolder and approached other men sometimes in public places. He got caught in the bathroom at a rest area with an 18 year old boy. Harry was sucking the boy's cock when the Ranger caught them. Harry was prosecuted and fined. Bev used that opportunity to divorce him and she was rewarded a large settlement which included the house.

Shortly after that Bev became a sexual predator. She hired a young strapping Italian man as her gardener but only after he proved himself in bed. Tony proved to be a masterful lover and there wasn't anything that he wouldn't do for Bev. He loved fucking her in the ass and he was the first man to ever rim her asshole. Bev went wild the first time Tony shoved his tongue in her ass. Tony had a larger than average cock that Bev estimated to be about 8" long. It was also thick and uncut. Bev loved playing with his uncut cock, skinning it back and sticking her tongue in the pee hole.

Bev also hired a maid to clean once a week and she too had to prove her worth in bed. Bev found a French college girl on a student visa looking for a job. Nichole turned out to be an excellent lover and soon they were inventing things to do to each other. Nichole and Bev would try out different sex toys that Bev ordered through a novelty catalog. Nichole was a pretty girl with long brown hair, brown eyes and a slender cute figure. Her medium size tits had elongated nipples that turned up at the end and looked adorable. The nipples were extended when she was excited and Bev loved to suck on them. Nichole also had a cute bubble butt and Bev would spend hours making love to it. There favorite position of all is when they were kneeling butt to butt with two double headed dildos in their ass and pussy. Bev and Nichole would push back against each other driving the fake cocks in and out of their holes with their ass cheeks smacking against each other.

Bev would have sex with Tony and Nichole once a week but that was just maintenance as far as she was concerned. Bev had become such a predator that she was convinced that she would never be satisfied. Now that Bev was 35 years old and at the height of her sexuality she craved more sex than ever before. She did not throw caution to the wind however as she was still very selective about her partners. She kept sex out of the workplace much to the disappointment to many of her co-workers.

THE SEDUCTION

Bev finished making the iced tea and then she went out to the pool deck to offer some to the young men. She was wearing a halter top without a bra and her hard nipples were visible through the material. Her ab muscles were flat and firm and she was proud to show them off. Bev also was wearing a very short tight fitting pair of short with a thong panty. Her ass looked great and there were no panty lines visible in her shorts. As Bev approached the two young men they stopped working and stared at the fine looking woman bringing a cool drink to them.

Bev set the tray on the table and as she did she showed ample cleavage. "I thought that you boys would like a cool drink," she offered.

"Thank you Ms. Collins that's very nice of you," the one man said.

"Oh please call me Bev. Are you boys going to be taking care of my pool from now on?" she asked.

"No just this once, the other guys are off today."

"I see. Well what are your names so I can tell your company what a good job you are doing," Bev inquired.

"I'm Tim and he's Bobby."

"It's nice to meet you both. Are you finished after my pool or do you have others to work on today?"

"This is our last job today," Tim replied.

"Oh it is. Then I should have offered you a beer instead of iced tea," Bev suggested.

"A beer would be great Bev," Bobby accepted.

"Oh they're in the house. Why don't you both come in and I'll get them for you," Bev said and then turned to walk back in the house.

Both young men stared at the shapely Bev as she walked away and they watched her buttocks undulate within the tight shorts. Tim elbowed bobby in the ribs as they watched her enter the house. 

"God what a body!" exclaimed Tim.

"I tell you what; I think she wants it," Bobby said excitedly.

"I know she wants it. Why else would she dress like that in front of us?" Tim stated.

"How do we go about it? I don't want any trouble and I don't want to get fired," bobby expressed concern.

"Leave it to me. I swear I saw her earlier looking out the window at us with her hand in her pants. I'll make the move and see what happens," Tim replied.

The two boys walked into the house and as they di they both felt their cocks stirring in their pants. Bev didn't know it yet but she was about to take on a couple of well hung studs. Tim and Robby walked into the house and Bev called them into the kitchen. She handed them each a bottle of beer as they passed on the glasses. Bev turned her back briefly to retrieve her drink and Tim covered the bottle opening with his thumb and shook the bottle briefly. When Bev turned back to the boys Tim offered a mock toast and raised his bottle. Bev raised her glass in response but then Tim moved his thumb enough for the beer to spray Bev.

The beer spray landed on her halter top and soaked it through. Then Tim moved in to help and released his thumb entirely and more beer sprayed out and drenched Bev's top. Bev squealed as the cold beer landed on her halter covered tits. Tim acted as if he was trying to help and he tried to brush the beer off her halter top. His hands ran over her tits as Bev was momentarily stunned.

"Oh I'm so sorry Bev; I'm so careless. Here let me get that," Tim said acting out the accident and then he said, "Your top is soaking wet. Let's get it off you and into the laundry."

Bev stood still and let Tim untie her halter and remove it from her body. Any other woman would have covered her breasts with her hands but Bev was not any other woman. Of course any other woman's first reaction would have been to run from the room. Instead Bev stood with her hands at her side and let the two studs admire her breasts. Tim put the halter top on a kitchen counter and then held Bev's tits in his hands admiring them. Bobby looked on in disbelief.

"You have great tits Bev," Tim told her.

"Hmm, thank you!" Bev cooed.

Tim kept fondling her tits and then he began to gently pinch her eraser hard nipples. "You have got to feel these beauties Bobby," Tim told his co-worker.

Bobby moved closer and took Bev's tits in his hands and began to fondle them and then he leaned in and sucked on them. Bev let out a groan of pleasure when Bobby's mouth closed around her nipples.

"Let's see what else we've got here," Tim said as he unfastened Bev's shorts.

Tim pulled the snug shorts down Bev's legs and he let out a slow complimentary whistle when her ass was bared. Tim pulled Bev's shorts down all the way and then had her step out of them. He lifted one leg at a time and then he tossed the shorts to the side. Tim was staring right at Bev's beautiful ass and he could not resist planting kisses on her cheeks. Bev wiggled her ass in response as she loved to have her ass worshipped.

Bobby was still working on her tits when Tim pulled Bev's thong panty off and tossed it over with her shorts. Now Bev stood totally naked in front of the two young men who were enamored with her body. Tim was now planting light kisses around Bev's thighs and pubes. Bev felt her body heating up and she knew that she was close to an orgasm just from the foreplay. Bobby then dropped to his knees behind Bev and began to plant kisses on her ass. Between the two of them they had Bev in an erotic state. Tim parted Bev's legs and then he let his tongue slide along her vulva. Bev gasped aloud but when Bobby dipped his tongue between the cheeks of her ass, she really went wild. Bev placed her hands on the boy's shoulders for support as her body shuddered with a mild orgasm.

Both studs stood up and they were in an obvious state of desire as their big cocks pushed their cut offs out. Bev smiled at their state and then she dropped to her knees. She unbuckled Tim's belt, unfastened his shorts and pulled them along with his underwear down to his ankles. Bev made sure that his cock got caught in the waistband of his underwear so that it snagged and then popped free. Bev loved to watch a cock bob in front of her face. Bev repeated the action for Bobby and then she took a cock in each hand. Bev stroked both cocks and alternated sucking them. Both young men were well endowed and Bev guessed that they were both over 8" long. Tim was a little thicker than Bobby but not by much.

"I didn't realize that you were such big boys," Bev said between having a cock in her mouth.

Both Tim and Bobby were incredibly excited and they were both close to cumming. Bev continued to stroke and suck the two big cocks until she had them both ejaculate on her face on tits. Tim was the first to cum and when he announced it Bev aimed his cock at her mouth and then her tits. Seven forceful jets of semen shot out of Tim's cock and splashed on Bev's body. The first shot hit the back of her mouth but then she let the semen run out of her mouth and dribble down her body. Bobby then called out that he was going to shoot and Bev repeated her actions taking the first stream in her mouth and then aiming the cock at her tits.

Bev released the cocks and looked up at the young men, "Let's take a dip in the pool."

Bev stood up and walked naked out to the swimming pool. Tim and Bobby struggled in their haste to take off their work boots, socks, underwear and shorts. Then they quickly joined Bev in the pool. After a couple of quick laps the three of them stood together in water up to their waist. Tim and Bobby could not keep their hands off of Bev's body. They continually fondled her tits and buttocks and let their fingers probe her pussy and anus.

"I think that you boys like my body," Bev said softly.

"Oh man, do we ever, you have a great body," Tim replied.

"I love your ass. Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" Bobby asked excitedly.

"Oh probably fifty times or so," Bev replied in a sultry tone.

"Oh man, I would love to fuck your ass," Bobby said and then Tim chimed in, "Me too."

Bev let her hands drift under water and she located both erect cocks. "We'll it seems that you both are up for the task. Let's take this back inside to my bedroom," Bev suggested.

The three of them left the swimming pool and Tim and Bobby followed Bev back into her house. Bev lead them upstairs to her bedroom and the two studs admired her ass again as she ascended the stairway. Bobby could hardly wait to get his cock in her hot ass. They entered the bedroom and Bev turned toward them. She smiled when she saw their stiff pricks sticking out and when she saw the raw desire in the young men's eyes. Bev took a tube of lube out of her nightstand and handed it to Bobby.

"Have you boys ever made love to a woman at the same time?" Bev asked.

Both boys shook their head no. "Well then you are in for a treat," Bev said sexily.

Then Bev directed the action. "Tim, get on my bed on your back. Bobby as soon as his cock is in me; I want you to lube my ass and your cock thoroughly before you put it in my ass."

Tim got on the bed and held his cock straight up for Bev as she straddled him and lowered her pussy on his thick meat. She moved slowly and let his cock spread her as she took him in her. Bev moaned softly as the impressive cock filled her womb. Bobby was waiting impatiently for Bev to signal him to prep her ass. Finally Bev settled on Tim's cock and gave the go ahead to Bobby who moved in behind her.
