 Ch. 5: Dixie's Surrende

Jacob’s Bistro
November 6, 12:05 p.m.

It was a little Bistro just a block from where Dixie worked. She and Willow often came here for lunch. Today was no exception. However, the black mini-skirt and silk blouse attracted a lot of attention. Dixie found the attention exciting. Unfortunately this caused her nipples to press against the silk of the blouse, attracting that much more attention.

Dixie and Willow were finally seated at a corner table. Dixie seated herself so that her back was to the rest of the restaurant. Willow looked at Dixie admiringly. After they ordered Willow spoke.

“That certainly is a very nice outfit,” Willow said.

“Ah, thanks. I guess now I am sort of glad I have it on. But…”

“But what?” Willow asked.

“Never mind. It’s a long story. Enough about me, let’s talk about you for awhile. Bob says there’s a great guy down in accounting that he could set you up with….”

Willow sighed in frustration.

“You just don’t get it, do you?” Willow asked.

“What? I’m just trying to help.”

“We’ve been friends all this time…”

“That’s just it!” Dixie said. “We are friends. I just want to see you happy.”

“If you want me to be happy then quit trying to set me up with men!”

Dixie looked askance at Willow, the light finally dawning. Dixie tried to remember a man ever being in Willow’s life but couldn’t. Dixie’s jaw dropped open. All the times at Willow’s apartment when she had a ‘friend’ visiting. Dixie sputtered for a moment before being able to get the words out.

“You mean you’re a…” Somehow Dixie couldn’t quite force yourself to say it.

“Lesbian is the politically correct term,” Willow finished for her.

“Why didn’t you tell me?” Dixie asked.

“Because I didn’t want to see that look on your face!” Willow shot back.

“Whoa now. Hang on. You’ve got to admit this is a pretty big bomb shell that you’ve dropped in my lap.”

“Yeah, right.” Willow said bitterly.

“I’m not going to lie. This will take some time to … to adjust to. But look, we’re still friends. And to prove it, there’s a new restaurant opening up down on 56th. Let’s go tonight.”

“I don’t need your pity!” Willow said with vehemence.

“Willow! We can get past this. But if you close me out then your worst fears are proven correct. But not because of what I did. It’s what you did.”

“Alright,” Willow said slowly. “I’ll pick you up at 9:00.”

“Right now, though,” Dixie said looking at her watch, “I think I’m going to go on home. Do me a favor though?”

“What’s that?”

“In my office, there’s a tape in the VCR. Take it home. Watch it. Then tonight tell me what you think of it.”

“Got it. See you tonight,” Willow said hopefully. Perhaps their friendship could get past this.

* * * *

Dixie moaned in her sleep. After leaving Willow at the restaurant she had gone home and taken a shower. Dressed only in her bathrobe she went out back to the garden swing to think. The ten-foot privacy fence kept out prying eyes. Eventually Dixie fell asleep.

Strangely enough Dixie dreamed about how she had first met Bob. It had been a long time since she had thought about college. The six professors that she had gotten to know. It had never dawned on her that they all had been working on a special project in their spare time until they had told her about it. By that time they had been ready to test the project. Professor Julie Martin had laughingly called him BOB (short for Battery Operated Boyfriend), and the name stuck.

Bob was an experiment in Artificial Intelligence. The six professors had made some major breakthroughs in both artificial limbs and AI. They were ready to test Bob in a real world situation. That was when they had recruited Dixie. She was to take him for the weekend. Come Monday she was to report on how Bob had done.

The weekend had gone fairly well. Bob had been like a little child let loose on the world. But when Dixie had returned Monday all six of the professors were gone. Inquires said simply that they had quit. Dixie didn’t know what to do. So she had kept Bob out of harms way. She had assumed that eventually one of the professors would come for Bob. She had been wrong.

Eventually Bob learned enough to propose marriage to Dixie, and to Dixie’s surprise she had accepted. But apparently Bob’s programming was a little to perfect. He had become a man in every way, even ignoring his wife.

Dixie moaned in her sleep again, coming a bit closer to being awake. She could feel a cool breeze on her chest, where her robe had fallen open. Lips were locked around Dixie’s nipple, which had been causing her such enjoyment.

‘What a way to wake up!’ Dixie thought as she put a hand on top of Bob’s head. ‘Bob? Bob’s hair wasn’t this long!’

Dixie’s eyes snapped open. Kneeling before her was Willow. She gently suckled on one nipple while teasing the other with her nails. Dixie put her hands on Willow’s shoulders intending to push her away. Another wave of pleasure washed over Dixie. Instead of pushing Willow back, she pushed her lower.

Dixie spread her legs apart to give Willow easier access. Willow kissed her way down Dixie’s stomach. She spent a few moments teasing Dixie’s thighs before thrusting her tongue into that nether region. A very skilled tongue it was. Dixie sighed and pressed her hips towards Willow, closing her eyes.

It didn’t take long before Dixie was bucking hard into Willow, shivering with an intense orgasm. As the feeling subsided Dixie felt her nipples being clamped between the thumb and first finger of Willow’s hands.

“Up my little slut,” Willow said. “We’re not finished yet.” Guiding Dixie by tugging on her nipples, Willow led her into the house. Once inside Willow removed the robe that Dixie wore and then pushed her down on all fours.

Dixie felt so wanton. Every time Willow touched her it seemed to set off a mini-orgasm. Now with nose only inches from Willow’s crotch she couldn’t help herself. Anything Willow wanted her to do, Dixie knew she would do without hesitation.

Willow took off her blouse and draped it across Dixie’s back. Like a cat Dixie arched her back, enjoying the pure sensuous feel of it. Willow wasn’t wearing a bra. Dixie’s eyes fastened on her nipples until Willow reached down to her skirt. Unfastening it, she unwrapped the skirt like a matador.

Dixie’s eyes widened as she looked at Willow’s crotch. There, between her legs, was an eight-inch strap-on dildo. When Willow waved it in front of Dixie’s face Dixie never hesitated. She took the dildo into her mouth like she would a man. Moving her head back and forth she could tell that the other end of the dildo went deep into Willow. Dixie moved a bit faster, enjoying the moan that Willow let escape.

Abruptly Willow took the dildo out of Dixie’s mouth and moved around behind her. She placed the dildo at the apex of Dixie’s legs and held it there for a moment, teasing Dixie. Dixie was more than ready. She shoved her hips backwards impaling herself on the dildo.

Willow began moving her hips, thrusting the dildo back and forth into Dixie. Dixie gyrated her hips, lurching backwards. One hand went up to her breasts where she handled them roughly. Finally even that wasn’t enough. Dixie let herself fall to the floor so that she could use both hands on her own tits.

The orgasm that rocked Dixie was unlike anything that she had ever enjoyed before. It was so intense that she nearly blacked out. She lay on the floor panting as Willow headed back to the bedroom.

“Don’t go anywhere, my little slut. I’ve still got lots of plans for you!” Willow said as she left.

The phone rang. More out of habit than anything else Dixie raised herself up and answered it. As she was bringing the receiver to her ear she realized that she had made a mistake. She wanted this afternoon to last forever.

“That tape you wanted me to watch was blank,” Willow said through the receiver. Dixie knew the house was empty.

To Be Continued...