 About a week after the incredible night at Lindsey's, I got a call from Antony. He had another small job for me to do, but I was pretty sure he just wanted to get me over there so he could ask me what happened that night.

I pulled into his driveway on a crisp, sunny morning, and he greeted me on the steps.

"You've shown great patience Antony," I said with a smile. "I expected a call the next morning."

"Oh Stevie, you read me like a book. Come on . . . dish. Tell me everything," he said excitedly as he ushered me inside.

"I was up half the night looking out the window," Antony said. "Drove Donald crazy, but I could tell he was curious too. And then I saw Greta walk home at seven in the morning with her hair all matted down, and your truck was still there . . . I almost died! What a night you must have had! Tell me, tell me." He was giddy with excitement.

Before the girls and I all left that morning I had asked them what they were comfortable with me telling Antony, because I knew he'd want to know all the details. They all surprised me when they said to tell him everything, if I wanted to. So I gave him a pretty good run down of the whole night, and he was in heaven, listening like it was the best story ever told.

"Good God Stevie, good God! This old neighborhood's never seen such excitement!" he said, shaking his head in wonder after I had told him everything. "I have new respect for those women. I love Greta, but the others I always . . . they always seemed like the 'rich bitch' type, although I'm the first to admit I never got to know them properly. So have you seen any of them again?"

"No, but I hope I do," I said. "They're great girls."

Just then I got a text from Lindsey, who saw my truck in Antony's driveway. I texted back that I'd be over in two hours.

"Well, it's a good thing I've only got a small job for you," he said. "Wouldn't want to wear you out before your 'nooner'. I guess I shouldn't worry though, if you've got the energy to take on four women all night long. Good Lord almighty," he laughed, shaking his head again.

I finished up at Antony's and drove across the street to Lindsey's. She came out to greet me, dressed rather conservatively and looking a bit shy, both of which were sides of her I hadn't seen before.

"Hi Steve," she said as I walked up.

"Hi Linnie. You look lovely today," I said.

"I do not!" she said, "But thanks for saying so."

"What's the matter, you look down," I said as we walked into the kitchen.

"Oh, I'm okay, just having a bad day I guess," she said. "Seeing you helps. I've wanted to call you but couldn't make myself do it."

"I would have loved it if you'd called me," I said. "I hope it's not something I did. Are you regretting what happened here last week?"

"Oh God no!" she said. "That was the best night of my life! All the girls said that. No, you were like a breath of fresh air blowing through this quiet old neighborhood. No, that's not it at all. I just . . . sometimes I just feel old and ugly, and when I go down in that hole it's hard to crawl back out sometimes . . ."

"Old and ugly? Are you nuts? Do you know how many women would kill for your looks?" I said. I walked over and embraced her, and gave her a nice soft kiss.

"God I needed that," she said quietly, holding me tight. "Come on, let's sit." She took my hand and led me to a sitting area overlooking the massive deck and big backyard, and we sat on a long white couch.

"How old are you Steve?" she asked.

"Old enough to make love to you, young enough to make love to you, right in that sweet spot . . . same as you," I said, looking deep into her eyes.

"Oh God!" she laughed. "I've never met such a sweet talker. No, seriously, how old are you?"

"I'm thirty," I said.

"Just what I thought. I'm forty-five Steve, and . . ." I leaned in and kissed her, cutting her off mid-sentence. 

"Steve! I'm trying to be serious!"

"Okay, if you don't want me to kiss you . . ."

"Of course I want you to kiss me," she said, punching me playfully. "I was just hoping you could help me sort out my thoughts."

"Okay, so you're forty-five, and . . . " I said.

"And . . . I don't feel attractive. It's as simple as that I guess," she said. "I never felt this way before my husband started wandering. And then since the divorce, except for that one night with you . . . well, it's been pretty bad. Don't get me wrong, that night was a huge positive step in the right direction, and I've been with Liz a couple of times since then. That's really loving and wonderful, but when I'm out in the world and want to feel attractive to men, I just don't feel it."

"If you don't mind me getting personal, when you go 'out in the world' do you dress like this?" I asked.

"Yeah, I guess so," she said sheepishly. "I mean I had this on before I saw you across the street. I didn't change, so yeah, this is sort of the normal stuff I wear. I don't go out in bikini outfits with lime green trim."

"Well, maybe you should. You looked incredibly hot and alluring in that, and . . . not so much in this," I said, fingering her 'middle-aged' looking chiffon top.

She grinned at me, obviously in deep thought

"I guess if I want to be attractive to men there's no one better to guide me than an attractive man. Will you go shopping with me?" she asked.

"Holy cow! I get to do a make-over on a beautiful woman! Antony will be so proud," I laughed.

"I'm serious! I want your help," she said, suddenly looking like she might burst into tears.

"I'd love to help you Linny. Lord knows there's wonderful raw material underneath this granny blouse," I said.

"You stinker! If you don't like it why don't you take it off of me and throw it in the garbage," she said, with a fire starting to burn in her eyes.

I ripped it open and buttons flew everywhere. Lindsey screamed, and our mouths met in a passionate, tongue probing kiss.

"These polyester pants have got to go too," I said, and I pulled them off of her and threw them aside. While I was doing that Lindsey wiggled the rest of the way out of her chiffon blouse, and I grabbed it from her and ripped it in half. She screamed again, and started laughing.

"Oh my God!" she laughed. "I feel better already."

I looked at her K-Mart special bra and panties and shook my head. "How're you supposed to feel sexy and confident when you wear this kind of stuff? Our first stop is Victoria's Secret," I said as I pulled off her panties and dove in for a lunchtime snack of wet pussy.

"God, that tongue of yours is fuckin' magic!" she said breathlessly. "I want your cock in my mouth."

I quickly stripped and Lindsey laid me down on the long white leather couch. She slipped off her bra and sixty-nined me, engulfing my cock in her wonderful mouth.

"I've dreamt of this every night for a week," she said between moans and giggles as I nibbled on her sensitive pussy. "You have no idea what you did to my head that night."

"Am I doing it again?" I said, thrusting up into her mouth. She laughed a muffled laugh.

It wasn't long before she had a powerful orgasm on my tongue, and then she spun around and rode me cowgirl style to another one, that one rocking her to her very core as I pumped my hot juice deep in her belly.

She wiggled in next to me and rested her head on my chest, and we reminisced about our wild night with Greta and Barb and Liz.

"You know you completely blew Barb's mind. I mean completely," she said, laughing and shaking her head. "I talked to her the other day about it all, and she's just astonished by the whole thing, but especially by you. When you asked her to undress you? She looked okay but she said she was literally on the verge of fainting. And that monster orgasm she had the first time she slid down this big cock of yours, oh my God, let's just say she'll die happy now. She hasn't been with a man for many, many years, and you made her feel like a sexy girl again. It's a wonderful gift you gave her."

"Hey, I didn't do it for charity, I did it because you guys all made me horny. Every one of you. You guys blew my mind that night too. One of the best nights I've ever had, that's for sure. You can tell them all I said that. Or better yet, lets do it again sometime," I said.

"You're on mister. But in the meantime, we've got some shopping to do," she said.

We took a quick shower, and as we got dressed again we talked about the 'makeover'.

"All right, here's the thing," I said. "I feel funny telling you how you should look. I'm just one guy, and I'll give you my opinion, but it's just that. You've gotta go with what you're comfortable with, because someone who isn't comfortable with how they look isn't attractive either. So take my advice with a grain of salt, okay?"

"Yeah, okay," she said. "But I've been set in my ways for so long . . . I really, really want to try something different. So I think I want to try everything you suggest, and then over the next few days and weeks I'll ease back into some sort of middle ground maybe. But for now I just want to go for it and just let you mold me, and see where it ends up. I'm excited!"

"Okay, so I guess I can tell you stuff without feeling like I'm being too pushy then?" I said.

"Absolutely. Lay it on me brother!" she said with a big smile.

"All right, well, since we're all clean and starting from the ground up, less makeup is my first recommendation. And don't tell me you're old and you need it, because you're not and you don't."

"Okay," she said with a little laugh. "So, I can use some, right? Just more natural looking?"

"Yup. And as for the rest, I've got a vision," I said. "Have you hung around the art world much? Galleries, edgy theater, the music scene around town?"

"When I was younger I did, but my ex wasn't into any of that. Now that you mention it I'd love to get back into that world, but it's hard when you don't have any friends that are a part of it."

"Well you've got 'em now," I said. "Friday night, you and me. We'll hit a few galleries and go see a band. Yes?"

"Yes!" she said with a big beautiful smile.

"So my vision for your new look is just that—the kind of beautiful, elegant woman who still looks down to earth and hip. Artsy, for lack of a better word. Handmade silver jewelry—no gold! Gold is for show-offs. Funky clothes that really fit this amazing body of yours. A great haircut—you're gonna knock 'em dead," I said.

"I love it Steve. It's like you read my mind and somehow knew that's the person I was twenty-five years ago. I'm excited!" she said.

"Me too!" I said. "I felt funny about this at first, but now, maybe I can just help guide you back to the real you. And I just thought of the perfect person to help us, a friend of mine named Carol. She's about your age, and a fantastic artist. She teaches art classes too, over near the University."

I called Carol, and just as I had thought, she was excited by the idea of helping us. She said she'd be home in two hours, so Lindsey and I made our way to Victoria's Secret at the mall.

We had a quick lunch at the food court, and wandered into the nearly empty store. It was a slow weekday at the mall, and we had the place to ourselves. Lindsey was like a kid in a candy store and spent a small fortune. The best part was watching her parade around in the stuff she was trying on. She didn't confine herself to the dressing room—she'd put on a hot looking bra and pantie set and then walk around the store wearing it while she picked out the next thing to try. It was the sexiest shopping trip I've ever been on.

On our way to Carol's place I called Julia and told her we were on our way over. I wanted Lindsey to meet her too, and soon we were pulling up in front of the two girl's houses. Julia and Carol took Lindsey under their wing like they had known her all their lives, and they ransacked their closets to get an idea of what Lindsey liked. Carol is tall and thin, and Julia is petite, so none of it fit the tall, voluptuous Lindsey, but they zeroed in on some likes and dislikes and color palettes that worked. The four of us piled into Lindsey's Jaguar and we made a bee-line for the Warehouse District downtown. It's full of boutiques and galleries and craft shops, and we shopped and shopped and shopped. Did I mention that we shopped? Six hours later we had a car full of new clothes and jewelry, including a new dress and a piece of jewelry for both Julia and Carol, gifts from Lindsey for helping her. It was a marathon, but spending the day with them was a blast. Lindsey treated us to a fabulous dinner, and I felt like the king of the world sitting in the restaurant with my three sexy women. The talk at the table was half about fashion and half about sex. We had a fairly private table, but a few times I had to quiet down the exuberant laughing ladies when they were getting carried away with their stories, and the young waiter got an earful. I'm surprised they didn't invite him back to the house and fuck his brains out. Lindsey was fascinated by Julia's story — the 42 year old virgin who is now a sex loving, bi-sexual exhibitionist.

"Wow," she said, shaking her head. "I knew Steve was a miracle worker, but that . . . that just takes the cake."

"No miracles," I said. "It was all inside her, just looking for an outlet."

"Trust me," Julia said to Lindsey, "it was a miracle."

When we had all finished a decadent desert, Julia said in a loud voice, "What do you say we go back to my place and get naked and celebrate?" The tables around us had filled in and a lot of people heard her. The other two girls cheered their approval, and we made our way out past more than a few men with envy in their eyes.

I chauffeured the ladies back to Julia's in Lindsey's sleek Jaguar, and I felt like a million bucks. It was amazing to think that the simple act of starting a handyman business had led to all these incredible situations.

"I'm gonna text Chloe and see if she can come over," Julia said from the back seat.

"She better bring Bobbie with her," Carol said, "I'm dying to get a piece of that."

"Bobby?" I asked. "Why does that name sound familiar?"

"From the art class," Julia said. "Remember 'Mister Ten Inch'? Chloe finally nailed him, thanks to you and her new sexual confidence. And, well, I guess I had something to do with it too—she talked him into coming over to my house one evening and she and I seduced the hell out of him. That twenty-year-old cock can go all night I tell ya."

"Of course I wasn't home that night so I missed out," Carol said.

"Ten inch? Are we talking about what I think we're talking about?" Lindsey asked.

"Yup," Carol laughed. "It's fuckin' beautiful. He modeled at one of my erotic art classes and the girls and I just about died when he started strokin' that thing. And from what Julia told me, he's quickly developing into quite the cocksman."

"Good God! As if Steve wasn't big enough!" Lindsey exclaimed.

"Lord knows I can use some help with all you sex crazed ladies. There's only so much one man can do you know . . ." I laughed.

We pulled up in front of Julia's place and laughed our way into the cute little house. Her newly renovated living room was now nicely decorated, and she had a big new L-shaped sectional couch. 'That'll look nice with naked women all over it,' I thought to myself. 

"Holy shit! You hung this in your living room!" I was looking at the spectacularly erotic charcoal drawing of me fucking Julia from behind that Carol did for us.

"Isn't it beautiful?" Julia said. "I just got it back from the framers last week, and I decided I didn't want to hide it in my bedroom. It's the best piece of art I have. Is it too shocking out here?"

"If making your visitors horny is 'shocking,' then yes," Lindsey laughed. "It's incredible! You did this Carol?"

"Yeah. Erotic art is my favorite genre. I don't get to do as much of it as I'd like," she said.

"Well I'm going to hire you to do some for me. Can you use a wealthy patron?" Lindsey asked.

"Oh my god! My dream comes true!" Carol laughed.

"I'm serious," Lindsey said. "Steve, you wanna pose for the first one with me?"

"Of course!" I said. "And the second one, and the third one . . ."

"Have you ever done a mural?" Lindsey asked Carol. "I'm thinking maybe something on panels that could be moved if I ever get a different house."

"Sure, I'd love to do something like that!" Carol said excitedly.

"Steve, I've got a vision for your next project," Lindsey said. "I've got some nice finished space in the basement I hardly ever use. Why don't we turn it into a nice place to have sex? It was so much fun with those two king sized mattresses in the gym last week—why don't we take that basement space and put two of those folding murphy beds on opposite walls, so when you pull them down they meet in the middle and make one giant bed?"

"I like the way this girl thinks," Julia said, as she broke out some wine.

"We could put in a nice sound system and lighting, and Carol can paint a big sexy mural," Lindsey said, getting excited.

"Don't forget the mirrored ceiling," I said.

"Holy shit, this is awesome!" Lindsey said. "I knew all my ex's money would come in handy sooner or later! Can you come over tomorrow and start figuring it out?"

"Absolutely. Sounds like a fun project," I said.

"I hope we're all invited to the opening," Julia said. "Hey, I just got a text from Chloe. She located Bobby and they're on their way. Looks like we're gonna have ourselves a party!"

"I hope you don't think I'm too selfish girls, but I'd love to have at least ten minutes with Steve and Bobby at the same time," Carol said. "I'm gettin' all tingly just thinkin' about it."

"Good lord! I can't even imagine two guys at once," Lindsey said. "I've never been in any kind of a group until last week, and that was one guy and four girls."

"Four!" Julia exclaimed. "Holy shit Steve, you've been eatin' your Wheaties!"

"It's easy when you're all are so sexy," I said.

"Sweet talker," Julia said. "Maybe we can take some of the pressure off you guys. Shall I show 'em the new toys Carol?"

"Sure, let's go whole hog," she said.

Julia went into the bedroom and emerged with fur lined ankle and wrist restraints in one hand, and a strap-on dildo in the other.

"It's kinda ugly when you're just carrying it around, but when you're naked and strap it on it's pretty hot."

"Jesus! I've created a monster!" I laughed.

"Did I ever thank you for that?" Carol said to me, and laughed.

After a glass of wine and lot's more laughing, Chloe and Bobby arrived and I introduced them to Lindsey. Julia closed all the blinds and curtains, and that seemed to be an unspoken signal—clothes were quickly shed all around the room. Lindsey was quite taken by the handsome twenty-year-old Bobby, and she watched intently as he stripped.

"God, I've been dying to get my hands on this ever since you modeled for my class," Carol said, crawling on her hands and knees to Bobby and sucking his half-hard cock into her mouth. Within just a few moments he was moaning deeply and fully hard, and yes, he was in fact about ten inches long. Astonishing considering how 'average' it looked soft. Carol deep-throated him and the boy just about lost it.

Julia laid me down on her new sofa and Chloe joined her sucking on my cock and balls. Lindsey looked a little unsure of herself, so I gestured for her to join Carol with Bobby.

"There's plenty for two here," Carol said to Lindsey as she approached. "He's fuckin' huge isn't he? Oh my god, wait'll you feel it in your mouth."

Bobby was in heaven as the two sexy mature women gave him the blow-job of his life. When he could take no more he yelped and his big cock popped out of Lindsey's mouth and sprayed her face and chest with long ribbons of cream.

"Oh my God!" Lindsey exclaimed in a near whisper. "I've never . . . no one's ever . . ." and she hungrily sucked his big cock back into her mouth and encouraged him to fuck her face, which he did with a great groaning moan.
