 Do you trust me? That's what the note said. Just a simple note.

Do you trust me? Then the time, place and what to wear. Of course I trust you. Of course I would be there tomorrow night, at the mandated time, wearing the mandated outfit. You know what I like, so I trust you to make this night special. 

I stood on the corner by my house, waiting. I was wearing a pair of red, four inch fuck me pumps, black thigh high stockings and garter belt, and a trench coat. That's all I was allowed to wear, according to the note. A warm breeze was blowing, and it caressed my thighs and pussy under the coat. It was a pleasant feeling, knowing I would see you soon, and I was wearing next to nothing.

At precisely the right time, a car pulled up.

The driver got out and said, "I am supposed to ask you a question. The answer will determine if you are the person I am supposed to pick up. Do you trust me?"

"Yes" I answered.

"You are her" he said and he opened the door for me to get in.

I climbed in the car. And there was another note. I opened it. Do you trust me? Of course I trust you. In the note you told me I was to put on the blindfold that was in the car and sit back and enjoy the ride. I did as you asked. I was beginning to get wet just thinking about what you may have in store for me tonight.

After just a short time, the car stopped and the driver told me you would be there in a minute to collect me.

When the car door opened, I heard you whisper "You DO trust me."

You helped me out of the car and we walked slowly to the door. We walked in and you asked for my coat. Naked except for stockings, shoes and blindfold, you led me through the building. I wasn't sure what type of building it was. It felt big. You opened another door and as we walked through, you said there was a bed in the very center of the room. I was to lie down on the bed, as you prepared the rest of my surprise. 

When I laid down, I felt silk ties wrap my wrists and ankles, securing me spread eagle to the bed. The door opened again and I heard the rustle of feet as others entered the room. I don't know how many, nor did I care. I knew they were there for me, and that's all that mattered. The bed shifted as someone got in it. It was you. You whispered to me that my favorite fantasy was about to come true. You kissed me, as I felt someone else climb in bed. I felt long hair caress my legs as that someone slid between them. It was a girl! She began kissing my thighs at the top of my stockings. She kissed me in the hollow between my my thigh and my pussy. She went to the other side and did the same. Her mouth was soft and hot as she breathed on me. And then her tongue found my dripping wet pussy. She lapped up what juices I already had flowing, before she licked my clit. 

As her tongue found my clit, I screamed out in pleasure. She sure knew what she was doing. She sucked my clit into her mouth and nibbled lightly at it with her teeth. She licked me all over as you leaned over and kissed me.

You said, "Let the games begin."

I thought they already had, but boy was I wrong! I heard people walking up to the bed. A mouth found each nipple and both of my hands were filled with long, thick, hard cock. I didn't know if the mouths and the cocks belonged to the same two people, nor did I care. Another cock nudged at my lips so I opened my mouth and took it in. All the while, she was doing amazing things to my pussy. I felt her tongue dart in and out of my slick, wet hole. Her fingers, or someone's, replaced her tongue and her lips engulfed my clit again.

I was working the three cocks as best as I could, while cumming all over her face, again and again. The bed shifted again and she left me. Her amazing mouth was replaced by another dick, sliding deep into me. Four at once, so close to my ultimate fantasy. I was in heaven. But you knew better. You knew there was one more thing I wanted at this moment. I was untied, but still blindfolded. The guy inside of me rolled over, pulling me momentarily away from the other three. I felt someone on my back, it was you.

You whispered again, "Do you trust me to make this the best experience for you?"

You pulled my head back by my hair, another cock slid in my mouth, two more back in my hands as you slid your fat cock in my ass. Finally, five at once. This is what I have always dreamed of. I was being filled to capacity with every move. Either you in my ass, or one of the other two in my pussy and mouth. I was screaming my orgasm around that cock, as I couldn't stop cumming.

You came and pulled out of my ass. Someone shot their load of creamy cum down my throat. And I was rolled back over, where the two in my hands could shoot their load all over my tits and face. And finally, the last guy pulled out and came all over my stomach. There I was, blindfolded, covered in cum, and very happy. I heard people walking out of the room. You were still there, you were talking to me. Asking me if I was done. It didn't matter, because she was back. She began cleaning me up with her mouth. She licked me from pussy to neck, lapping up every drop of cum on me. When she finished cleaning my face, she kissed me. You took the blindfold off of me, and I was surprised at who I saw. She was the only person I told who I was going to be with that night. 

We were all lying in a heap on the bed, getting some well deserved rest. I rolled toward you and wrapped my arms around you.

I put a finger in your ass and whispered in your ear, "Do you trust me?"