 FRIDAY NIGHT – 

After having lunch in the hotel restaurant, we spent the afternoon lounging by the pool, soaking up the sun.

Around 5:00, he mentioned that he was getting hungry. 

“Come on,” he said. “Let’s change and go for a drive, see if we can find someplace to grab a little dinner.”

I glanced at my watch. My surprise was due to arrive at 8 o’clock.

We went back to the room, changed into t-shirts and shorts and headed out. 

Just a few miles up the road, we found a nice little restaurant/lounge. It looked casual enough that we wouldn’t be underdressed. 

We sat across from each other on the bar side, at a small table for two in the corner. We each ordered a beer and a light meal. We talked about everything imaginable as we ate; work, music, movies, sports, politics, just about everything. Eventually, the conversation turned to sex. I moved to the seat next to him, scooting my chair very close to his. 

“What one fantasy do you most want to fulfill right now?” I asked, finishing my second beer and motioning to the waitress. She brought each of us another.

He thought hard for a few minutes. “Well, this weekend has been incredibly hot so far. But do you know what would really top it off for me?”

I leaned in close to him. “What?” I asked.

I’m still dying to watch you get your first taste of pussy.” He confessed.

I smiled at him. “Well, the weekend is young yet. You just may get to fulfill that one.” I said, reaching over and squeezing his thigh firmly. And there was that old tingling between my thighs. The crotch of my panties was beginning to feel a little damp.

“You’re drunk.” He laughed.

“No, just pleasantly tipsy.” I countered. I glanced at my watch. It was 7:30.

“That’s the third time you’ve looked at your watch. Got a hot date?” he teased.

“You might say that.” I replied, with a sly smile. “Ready to go?”

“Sure.” He said.

We took care of the check and headed back to the hotel.

When we got back to the room, I ducked into the bathroom for a quick shower while he watched television. 

“Bathroom’s all yours.” I said, about 5 minutes later, strolling out of the bathroom naked.

“That was quick.” He said, watching me walk toward him, his eyes filled with lust. 

He stood up and pulled me into his arms, his hands sliding down my back and squeezing my ass. I gave him a quick kiss on the lips.

“Go get your shower, babe. I have a surprise for you.” I said, smiling.

He had just stepped into the shower when there was a knock at the door. I pulled on my white satin robe and ran to the door. I looked through the peephole and there she was – my surprise – my girlfriend, Tracy. She was wearing a short red dress that buttoned up the front. I could see that she wasn’t wearing a bra, her hard nipples were poking through the thin material. If I knew her, she probably wasn’t wearing panties either. I laughed to myself and opened the door, motioning for her to come in and keep her voice down.

“Where is he?” she asked quietly, looking around the room.

“He’s in the shower.” I replied. “He should be out in a few minutes.”

I had met Tracy at work. We hit it off right from the start, becoming best friends quickly. We went to lunch together, occasionally had drinks after work and sometimes hung out on the weekends, having long intimate conversations about absolutely everything – even our sex lives. It was during one of these conversations, and after a few glasses of wine, that Tracy had admitted to me that she was bisexual, leaning heavily toward women. She told me that she was very attracted to me and wanted to be the first woman to make love to me. I let her know that I was flattered, and more than a little aroused at the thought. Then I told her all about him. I explained about my long-time fantasy of being with another woman and how much I wanted to share that experience with him, not to mention how much he wanted to see it! That’s when she and I hatched the idea of her joining us for one night of our 4-day weekend.

Tracy and I sat down on the loveseat by the window. We talked quietly, each of us sipping a glass of wine. I heard the shower shut off. A moment later, the bathroom door opened and he emerged, wearing only the hotel bathrobe.

“Did I hear someone knock on the. . .” he stopped short when he saw Tracy sitting next to me.

I smiled. “Babe, this is my girlfriend, Tracy.” I said. 

“Hi.” He said, obviously surprised.

Tracy leaned back on the loveseat, stretching her arms across the back of it. “Nice to finally meet you..” She said. “I’ve heard SO MUCH about you.”

He smiled. “Really?” he said, as he sat down in a chair across from us and poured himself a glass of wine. “What have you heard?”

“Well, Cat speaks highly of you.” She replied. “I’m afraid I can’t help but feel a little jealous.”

“Jealous?” he said, looking from her to me then back to her.

“Well, yes.” She said. “I think what you two have is great. It’s just that, well, I want her too. I’ve been wanting her for a long time, but. . .” her voice trailed off and she looked at me.

I picked up where she left off. “I’ve been making her wait.” I explained. “For tonight. For YOU.” 

Suddenly his eyes lit up like a little kid who just realized that it’s Christmas morning.

“Listen,” Tracy said to him. “I hope you don’t mind if we get right down to business. I don’t think I can wait another minute.”

“By all means, go right ahead.” He said, leaning back in his chair, getting comfortable, ready to enjoy the show.

Tracy stood up and held her hand out to me. I took it and she lead me across the room. We stood face to face next to the bed. She untied the belt to my robe and pushed it off my shoulders. It fell to the floor behind me. She cupped my breasts in her hands and squeezed them gently, bending down to lick one erect nipple then the other.

“uuuuhhhhhh. . . .” I moaned softly, trembling.

My hands were shaking slightly as I unbuttoned her dress slowly. She pulled it off and dropped it on the floor. She pulled me into her arms and covered my mouth with hers, sliding her tongue between my lips softly. 

“Lay down.” She said.

I looked at him. He had taken off the robe and was sitting back watching us, his right hand wrapped around his hard dick. I gave him a nervous smile. He nodded his head. 

I lay down on the bed. Tracy lay down on top of me, gently parting my thighs with her knees. She caressed my face, ran her fingers through my hair.

“Mmmmm. . .I’ve wanted you for so long. . .” she whispered, and covered my mouth with hers again, her tongue thrusting between my lips. Her kiss was hot, passionate, penetrating. I was overcome with desire. My nervousness began to melt away. I returned her kiss with equal passion. 

She reached under the pillow and pulled out my vibrator. She licked her way down my hot body. 

He wanted a closer look, so he moved to the end of the bed and sat down.

Tracy rubbed my wet pussy with her fingers, slowly, deliberately. Then she turned on the vibrator. She spread my glistening lips open with her left hand. With her right hand, she held the vibrator directly on my swollen clit.

“Oh God. . .” I moaned.

She rubbed the vibrator all over my pussy, coating it with my juice. She pressed it against the steamy opening to my hungry cunt. 

“Now I’m gonna fuck you. . .” she whispered. She slid the hard vibrating “dick” into me slowly, wrapped her mouth around my pussy lips and began to suck them, flicking her tongue across my clit and fucking me with the vibrator.

I moaned and whimpered, writhing around on the bed in the sweetest of agony. After a few moments, Tracy tossed the vibrator aside and fucked me with her fingers, shoving them in up to the knuckles, while she sucked my hard swollen clit mercilessly. Then she pulled her fingers out and pushed my knees up against my chest, opening my pussy to her further. She dove back in, hungrily sucking, slurping, moaning with pleasure. 

My pussy was on fire. Orgasm was incredibly close. She continued to suck my clit, and now she was fucking me with her tongue. I felt her fingers circling my asshole and I moaned louder.

“Oh yes. . .” I whispered. “Do it. . .”

She understood just what I wanted. She pushed a finger up my ass, finger-fucking my hot asshole while she sucked my clit and fucked my pussy with her tongue. I moaned and cried out, my hips bucking wildly.

“Oh. . .Tracy. . .” I managed to say before I lost all capacity for speech. My whole body tensed and I came so hard I thought I would pass out.

Tracy moved back up the bed and pressed her body down on mine. She looked into my eyes. I smiled at her.

“Tracy, that was. . .” I began, but she stopped me by thrusting her tongue into my mouth. I could taste my cum on her lips, her tongue. 

Suddenly, I couldn’t wait to taste HER pussy. We rolled over so that I was on top of her. I knelt between her thighs. I glanced over at him. He was stroking his hard cock, his eyes glazed over with lust.

“Do it.” He whispered hoarsely. “Eat her pussy.”

I turned back to her and pushed her thighs farther apart, getting a good look at her cunt. She was cleanly shaven, like me, and her lips were hot pink, wet. I stuck my tongue out and slowly ran it up and down her juicy slit.

“Oh yes. . .” I heard her say.

Her pussy tasted so good! I circled my tongue around her pink lips over and over. She was moaning with pleasure.

“Suck me, Cat!” she moaned. “Suck my pussy!”

I spread her lips open with my fingers and found her pretty little swollen clit. I sucked it feverishly and pushed my tongue in and out of her. I wanted to give her the same immense pleasure that she had just given me. I wanted to taste her cum! 

I put my hands underneath her and began to squeeze her ass as I sucked her clit and fucked her with my tongue. Her soft, round ass felt so good in my hands. She moaned louder and her hips began to move up and down.

Suddenly my pussy was screaming for attention again. I turned my body around so that my pussy was right over her face. She reached up and grabbed my ass, pulling my dripping snatch to her mouth.

“Don’t stop, please don’t stop. . .” she begged, then immediately thrust her hot tongue into me.

We licked and sucked each other’s hot pussy, grinding against each other’s mouth, moaning, whimpering. Her orgasm hit first. Her whole body tensed. She groaned and sucked my clit harder, her pussy grinding against my mouth relentlessly. 

‘She’s cumming!’ I thought, getting my first taste of her cum. 

Then my orgasm hit, I sucked her harder, grinding against her face as wave after wave of pleasure washed over me.

When it was over, we collapsed next to each other on the bed, panting. 

After a second, I heard Tracy laugh. “You better take care of him.” She said.

I lifted my head and looked at him. He was still sitting on the end of the bed, his hand wrapped around his engorged cock, a look somewhere between ecstasy and agony etched on his face.

I lay back on the bed and spread my legs open. “Come here, baby.” I said to him. “Fuck me.”

He didn’t waste any time. He was on top of me, pushing his hard dick into my hot wet pussy in an instant. 

“That was so fuckin’ hot!” he said breathlessly, stroking me hard with his cock.

I pulled his face to mine. “Share my first taste of pussy with me. . .” I whispered. And I kissed him passionately, sliding my tongue back and forth across his.

“Fuck me, baby. . .fuck me. . .” I moaned, raking my fingernails across his back.

Tracy lay next to us, watching and fucking herself with my vibrator.

“Fuck her.” I heard her say. “Fuck that little pussy-sucking slut!”

I was surprised to find that her crude words aroused me further, my pussy instantly a little wetter, a little hotter. They seemed to have the same effect on him, as he immediately began to fuck me harder, faster.

“Make that little whore cum all over your cock!” Tracy exclaimed, thrusting the vibrator deep into her pussy. 

With that, he shoved his cock deep into me and grunted, his hot cum filling my pussy just as my orgasm took control of me. . .and Tracy’s took control of her.

“Oh Jesus. . .I’m cumming. . .” I cried, as every muscle in my body tensed and I came over and over, clinging to him, grinding my pussy against him. 

At the same time, Tracy cried out as she climaxed. She fucked herself with my vibrator and rubbed her clit desperately, whimpering shamelessly, until her orgasm subsided.

I took the vibrator from Tracy & licked it clean while I watched her lick my juices from his cock and his smooth balls. Afterward, we lay quietly together, our bodies intertwined, until we all dozed off. 

TO BE CONTINUED. . .