 WARNING: This story involves scenes of graphic sex including anal. If that is not what you are looking for don't read on. All sexual acts depicted in the story are committed by adults over eighteen years old. This is a story in a series of Doc Zach and his various encounters.

*

From previous stories you might know that a bicycle accident at college taking pre-med left me in a coma from a brain concussion. It made me an empath which while in touch with only females I can target specific thought centers to enhance their feelings or on specific sexual centers of their bodies. I tap into their deep needs and bring those feelings to the surface. 

I am now an eminent internist in the Los Angeles area. I concentrate my practice to young females and sometimes with their horny mothers. I attend a few medical conferences throughout the year and was attending one at the San Diego Convention Center when this event occurred.

I had attended the necessary conference topics that day and was returning to my room to shower and change and go out for dinner. When all of a sudden, the meeting rooms foyer exploded with males and females in all types of costumes. There were super heroes, Sci-Fi, Marvel, Star Wars and Star Trek and many Anime characters filing out. I then remembered that Comic Con was being held at the same hotel as my medical conference.

I worked my way through the crowd greatly enjoying the eye candy of the female characters. There were alien girls and a few Princess Leia's bikini outfit slaves. I wondered if all Anime females wore skimpy skirts and had their breast cleavage on display. They all seemed young to me so I made my way to the elevators. When one arrived it was empty so I pushed the 'close door' button. Just before the doors closed a slim hand pushed in and the doors opened again.

The elevator then filled with various characters and I was pushed back against the wall by four large breasts. I looked down onto two sets of deep cleavage then into two sets of smiling faces with flushed cheeks. I could smell the odor of alcohol on their breath so guessed they were over twenty one. They seemed to have no problem with rubbing those breasts against me as they smiled and giggled.

One of the girls had blond hair that reached down her back, a few strands lying across her breast flesh. Her bangs hung just above her blue eyes and she had a butterfly hair clip on her head. She wore what looked like a school uniform of a blouse and very short skirt. Several blouse buttons were opened and her bikini top bra was struggling to hold back her huge globes.

"Who are you supposed to be?" I asked as I dropped my eyes to her deep cleavage. Her right breast had a tattoo with letting in a circle that I could not read. Her nipples were pushing against the minimal fabric of her blue bra. I looked back up to her face and her sparkling blue eyes.

She looked down at her breasts then smiled at me then repeated that again. "Sena Kashiwazaki," she said sweetly. "I'm the daughter of Tenma Kashiwazaki, headmaster of St. Chronica Academy," she said smiling.

"Well it looks like your tie is undone and somehow the buttons on your blouse seemed to have popped open by accident," I said as I ran my hand over her buttons and touched the side of her breast. She took in a deep breath as I caused her nipples to harden. Those large nipples pushed against the thin blue bra cups. 

I turned to her friend who was a striking long haired red head. "Who are you supposed to be?" I asked as I dropped my eyes to her equally large deep cleavage. Her bra top was white and looked liked wrapped bandages. Her bra also had problems containing her heavy jugs. She also wore a very short skirt of blue and had a tattoo on the middle of her left upper arm.

She looked down at her breasts then smiled at me. "I am Ezra Scarlet. I normally wear skimpy armor but when not I wear sexy and revealing clothing. I can't hold my liquor and when drunk, I act very aggressive towards my guildmates. I am also very gifted in swordplay," she said giggling.

I could surmise that these girls were not drunk but were enjoying the buzz from a few bar drinks. I decided to test Ezra to see how open they were to playing around. What I have always loved about my cock is that it stays its full thick eight inches and just gets hard when I'm excited and ready to fuck. I took Ezra's hand and squeezed it on my fat cock lying on my thigh.

"Do you think you can handle this sword?" I asked as I placed my hand on her bra covered breast. At the same time I warmed her breasts and pulled down her pussy juices into her panties.

She took in a deep breath as her eyes popped open but she did not remove her hand off my cock. As a matter of fact she stroked her hand up and down measuring my length. She moved her palm onto my cockhead and took an estimate of my thickness.

"You have quite a weapon there sir. I think you would defeat me should I engage in battle with such a gifted warrior," she leaned up and whispered to me.

"Mary, what the hell are you saying to him?" asked Sena dropping out of character with her friend.

Mary leaned over to her friend's ear and whispered. Sena's eyes opened wide when Mary pulled her hand onto my cock. "Well Betty what do you think about this man's sword? Shall we challenge him to a duel; use our combined skills against his? Shall we yield to his power and let him plunder us?" Mary started laughing. Betty still had hold of my cock when the elevator dinged 'Twelfth floor' and they moved to leave.

"Ladies if you change your mind just ring the penthouse and we can continue our conversation. I'll order champagne, snacks, fruit and chocolates and have them delivered to my room just in case you decide to show. You can stay in your costumes if you never had role-play sex and just bring your jammies and we will see what comes up," I said laughing.

They walked out backwards staring at my cock and blushing and the doors closed. I heard some loud laughing then which drifted away as the elevator rose. I went up to the penthouse and dropped my clothes. I placed the order for room service and went and took a hot shower. I made sure to clean my fat cock and heavy balls and soaped my ass real clean. I put on just the robe and walked out as the door buzzed.

I opened the door and Francine pushed the cart in and set out the food and the champagne bucket. I had been at the hotel for several days and had partaken of the joys of Francine. She had a beautiful mature chocolate brown body with full breasts, wide hips and a bodacious ass. After some up close flirting I convinced her to come back after her shift. I read her while holding her hand and knew she loved her husband but had been ignored for some time.

She was shy when she first arrived saying she never cheated on her husband but felt so ignored. I gave her my slow seduce but eventually she lost her uniform. She complained about her old breasts when I removed her bra. Her chocolate melons were pliant in my hands. Her Hersey Kiss nipples responded to my kissing, sucking and my mind control leaking into them. By the time I pulled her panties down her pussy was dripping her honey. Her scent was strong and her aroma went right to my cock. 

She loved my cock and sucked it deep kissing its base as my fat cockhead opened her throat. She lay on the side of the bed and pulled her strong legs up by her tits. Her chocolate pie opened wide glazed with her thick pussy honey. I dropped to my knees and ate those sweet lips and fat clit until she screamed through several orgasms. She begged for my fat long cock deep and hard. She got what she needed over and over riding my cock through several more orgasms. 

Fully spent I flipped her over and placed my cockhead between her fat ass cheeks. She moaned, "Yes," as I loosened her anal ring and she gave me her virgin ass. After my cock settled in deep I pounded her reading her non-consent fantasy. She wanted to be taken, be used, be wanted.

She moved her hand to her swollen knot hiding in her kinky curls and came as my cock went deep. She suddenly screamed and hot woman cum sprayed out on my thighs as I stood next to the bed. When my hot thick cum sprayed down her ass she came again spraying the bed, my thighs and the floor. She willingly gave me all her talented holes and never made it home that night. 

She sucked me hard during the night and rode my cock to several more orgasms. Her warm thick chocolate pussy lips kissed my cock over and over as it leaked on my abs. She rose up and slid my long fat cock up her ass and milked me for one more salvo of cum. In the early morning, a quick shower, back into her uniform and off she went after thanking me over and over and kissing me deeply.

"Having quests tonight Doctor Zach or are you tempting me to lie to my husband again?" she said laughing.

"Francine, as sweet as you are I don't wanna go up against your husband. Perhaps if I stay here next year I'll order room service again," I said giving her a big hug and a kiss. She shocked me by reaching inside my robe and gripping my cock. She dropped to her knees and took my fat cockhead into her mouth. She rode her tongue and full lips up and down my cock drawing out my pre-cum. She leaned back and showed me a white glob on her tongue then swallowed. She stood then kissed me then walked out the door without looking back.

I sat at the clear glass table and started eating since I didn't have dinner. The door buzzed and I went and opened it. There stood my two anime females. They had touched up their makeup even adding blush down their cleavage. Their perfume was just the right amount and their smiles were blinding. Rising and falling breasts were hidden behind long blonde and red hair. 

"Can we come in?" the red head asked as they both laughed nervously.

"You both can cum anywhere in the room," I laughed then stepped aside and watched their full firm ass bottoms peak out from under their very short skirts. I think they changed out of the costume panties and opted for a thong. I ran my hand down long red hair and cupped a bare ass cheek. Mary giggled and skipped forward. From just that little contact I left an itch across her backstar that would only increase as the night wore on. 

I did not comment when they each put a little overnight bag in the bathroom. I assisted them to sit at the table then went and poured them flutes of champagne. I sat at the table and let my robe open. My eight inch cock was pointed down on top of my thigh. I saw the red head, Ezra-Mary, move the fruit bowl and she now had an unobstructed view of my cock. "I hope you find something to your liking to eat on the table," I told the girls.

Just softly I heard, "Or under the table!" from Mary.

I made small talk with the girls. As I had guessed, they both had changed into thongs as I saw when they crossed their legs, their ultra short skirts hiding nothing. I kept getting up and refilling their champagne flutes. I found out they had also drove down from LA. I told them that was where I had my medical practice. I said I practice nutrition and weight control with young women patients. Betty said that maybe they should make an appointment. I told them to stand and I'd give them my professional opinion. I directed them to turn around and lift their skirt. They laughed, turned and lifted their very short skirts.

I ran my hands over their firm young ass and even let my fingers drift down their crack and under between their thighs. There was some warm moistness on my fingers when I pulled them back. I asked them to turn around and lift their skirt again. They both giggled. I kneaded up their thighs which got further apart as I went higher. My fingers lightly stroked along their thong gusset and they both moaned. Their gusset soon was wet as I pulled their pussy juices down. 

I found their swelling clits and touched my thumb to the bump and massaged them to a quick wet orgasm. Mary moaned and Betty screamed as pulses of girl cum ran down their thighs. They had to hold onto my shoulders to keep their balance. I stood and told them I was gonna check their breasts for a proper weight distribution. 

I started unbuttoning Sena-Betty's school blouse and let it drop to the floor. I slipped a hand under her blue bikini top bra cup and tweaked her nipple. I reached behind her and untied the tiny bikini and her large breasts bubbled out onto her chest. She laughed and blushed deeply. I massaged both of her globes and pulled on her nipples. I sent both pain and pleasure pulsing into her nipples and they permeated her entire breast. I also sent the impulses down her body to find her clit and g-pad. She moaned, "Oh fuck I'm cumming!" and her body shook. I moved my hand and palmed her labia and my palm became coated in pussy honey.

I turned to the red head Ezra-Mary and brought my palm to her lips. She gasped then her pink tongue reached out and cleaned my palm. I reached behind her and popped off her modified bra. Her huge boobs plopped down on her chest and her nipples hardened. I gripped each mound of flesh hard and pulled her large nipples out far. Mary actually leaned back giving herself pain on those nipples so I poured pleasure throughout her and her pussy leaked honey down her thighs and she shook through her orgasm. She screamed, "I'm cumming Zach, damn I'm cumming. I'm cumming off my tits! Oh damn!"

"Well ladies if you're staying the night we better get those skirts and panties off," I laughed and unzipped Mary's skirt and dropped it to her shoes. I knelt in front of her and captured her brown eyes and reached up for the waist hem of her panties and slowly pulled them down. She opened her thighs so the gusset could release from her wet pussy lips and slip down her legs. She stepped out of the thong and I leaned forward and kissed her red hair covered labia. 

Mary moaned and reached down and pulled her pussy lips apart. Her swollen clit was shining from her moisture so I pulled it between my lips and circled my tongue around. She moaned and wet my chin with her warm honey. I brought her quickly to an orgasm and she gripped my hair and pulled me off her pussy. On shaky legs she walked to the bed and climbed on.

I turned to Sena--Betty and unzipped her short blue skirt. She had on a blue thong whose gusset was also wet. Her pussy juices were dripping down her thighs so I ran my fingers up and gathered her honey. I slipped those fingers into my mouth and tasted her sweetness. I pulled her thong down as she watched me bring it to my nose and inhale her scent. Betty had shaved labia and blonde curls on her mons. Her swollen clit was peeking out from between her wet pussy lips.

I got behind Betty and guided her to bend over the table. Her huge boobs cushioned her as I knelt down behind her firm large ass. My fingers ran up between her wet pussy lips and played with her clit. I pulled on her blonde curls then twisted her clit. Pussy juice dripped onto my fingers so I ran them up her ass crack and played with her backstar. She moaned when I softened her anal ring and pushed in two fingers, slowly then fully into her ass. 

"Oh damn Doctor Zach what are you doing to me. I never let anyone play back there but I feel so filled and so hot with your fingers in my ass. I'm soaking the table," she moaned.

I took my other hand and pushed two fingers into her pussy. I found the bump of her g-spot and stroked it overwhelming her nerves. I moved both sets of fingers in and out of her holes and pumped her towards a body shaking orgasm.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck. Fill me up. Make me cum!" she screamed.

I stood up and dropped my robe. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy and ran my cock through her wet lips gathering up her thick pussy honey. I added a third finger to her ass and moved them around to open her up. I pushed my fingers back into her pussy and overcharged her nerves to such a strong orgasm she lost all her strength. I took that opportunity to remove my fingers from her ass and moved my cockhead to her darkstar. I loosened her anal ring and my fat cockhead slipped inside.

Betty's head came off the glass table in a loud moan as I grabbed her long blonde hair and pulled hard. I thought of those car window decals that had printed, "If you're gonna ride my ass at least pull my hair" and I laughed as I did just that. My long fat cock pushed her ass chute wide open as I slid deep down into her. She moaned loudly but pushed her ass back.

"Zach, you bastard, you took my ass. Your sword opened me deeply. It was such a nasty thing to do to me but fuck it feels so good to be filled by your cock. Now fuck my ass and shoot your hot cum deep down inside me!" she yelled as I pulled her hair hard.

Mary turned and watched me pound her friend's ass. Betty's tits rubbed on the glass table as I pounded my cock against her ass. She moaned each time my eight inch fat cock went deep. She started shaking on the table then screamed and sprayed my thighs with hot girl cum. Her ass pulsed on my cock and its strong grip pushed me over the edge. I pulled her full hips back hard and went deep with my cock.

My cum rode my cock shaft and shot out hard constrained by her tight ass. On each pulse of cum I pushed my cock in deep then I pulled back to my cockhead. Betty's anal ring grabbed my cockhead driving pleasure up my shaft and into my balls. Five, six, seven ropes of cum shot down her ass. I pulled out of her ass and shot several more hot globs on her full ass. 

My balls were getting washed with each pulse of her pussy juice. Everything stopped and I watched the 'O' of Betty's ass slowly close. Pussy juice ran out from between her swollen lips and dripped onto the table. She lay there moaning saying nonsense words. I walked to the bathroom and gave my cock a good wash. I went back to the table and grabbed Betty by her long blonde hair and pulled her over to the bed. I pushed her down next to Mary.

"Your turn Ezra!" I growled as I pulled her ass to the edge of the bed. I put her legs up on my shoulders and ran my cockhead through her curly red haired labia. My cockhead found the wet warm vestibule of her vagina and I pushed my cockhead in to claim my victory. Mary moaned as I pushed inch after inch into her tight cunt.

"Do you want my long strong sword deep into your wet cave, Mary? Do you want me to pound on your door until you surrender? Do you want my manliness to drown your womb as I claim you?" I grunted on each question as my cockhead went deep against the door to her womb.

"Yes, Yes, YES!" Mary moaned. 

I picked up the pace as I pulled back to my dickhead then shoved the other six inches down her wet tight cunt. I reached up and twisted her hard thick nipples driving pain and pleasure throughout her body. I pulled out my cock and Mary sprayed hot cum on my chest. I pushed my cock deep again and grabbed her swollen clit. I caused pain and pleasure to bathe her nerves throughout her groin. Her cunt pulsed on my cock as she shook through a strong orgasm.

I was really close to cumming so I pulled out and shot several strong ropes of cum and covered her tits. I aimed and coated each of her nipples and the valley between her tits. Then I rubbed my dripping cockhead across Mary's clit and drew out another orgasm aftershock on her exhausted body.

Betty was on her belly so I rubbed my pussy wet cock across her ass. I grabbed her hair and she lifted to ease the pain. I positioned her mouth over Mary's cum covered nipple and released her hair. "Clean up that cum Sena!" I growled as I slapped her ass. 

She didn't move so I slapped her big ass over and over until her lips captured her friend's nipple and sucked up the cum. "Lick up the rest Sena!" I ordered and slapped her ass hard. I watched her pink tongue snake out and lick up my thick white cum covering Mary's tits.
