 Connie kept me busy all winter working on her big house — and working our way through her Kama Sutra book — but I had other customers to keep happy too, some of them my favorite girls. There was a new shower at Julia's, and perhaps most interesting, a 'playroom' at Lindsey's. She wanted a permanent, comfortable space that would be 'orgy ready' whenever she was. It was the perfect job for a sex crazed handyman like me.

Lindsey had money to burn, like all the other divorced or widowed women in her high-end neighborhood, so it was a fun project of pure luxury. I found a company that makes custom Murphy beds — the kind of bed that folds up into a wall and disappears — and sent them the specs for two king-sized units that would hinge down sideways from the side walls, meeting up snugly with a permanent king sized bed in the middle. You could use the center bed alone, or pull down one or both of the fold down units to double or triple the width. With all three down the big bed would be 19 feet wide! 

The 19 foot wall above them would be filled with a custom mural, painted on removable panels by our artist friend Carol. Her skill at erotic art was being given free rein, and the large scale of the piece allowed her to try some new things. She sketched out the general plan for it all, and then there were numerous modeling sessions in her studio. Actually, 'modeling' sounds too static — we fucked our brains out while Carol captured the action on her sketch pads. Lindsey, Julia, Chloe, Bobbie, Barb, Liz, and Greta were all involved in one or more sessions where Carol did numerous preliminary sketches. When that phase was complete, she went to work alone in her studio on the large panels. We left her to her work alone, so that the end result would be a surprise. It was the biggest commission Carol had ever received, and she was thrilled, not only for the money, but for the artistic challenge.

The ceiling was to be completely covered in mirrors, there would be a full wet bar with a refrigerator, a large L-shaped sectional couch, a killer sound system with built in speakers, and mood lighting that could be adjusted for color in intensity. The three walls that weren't mural would be hung with Lindsey's quickly expanding collection of erotic art. She had become quite an aficionado after seeing Carol's beautiful charcoal drawing of Julia and me. And last but not least, Lindsey requested some tie-off points all along the 19 foot bed, to use restraints on if one chose to do so. She absolutely loved being tied up at Julia's.

All-in-all an ambitious and super fun project, and I knew the party Lindsey was planing to throw when the 'playroom' was finished would be epic. I worked on it all winter, along with Connie's many jobs. I would shoot off occasionally to take care of other customers, but those two kept me pretty busy. Surprisingly, Connie and Lindsey didn't think much of each other. They only lived two blocks apart, and shared Barb as a close friend, but an episode at a cocktail party almost ten years ago had turned them off of each other. I was hoping to change that, and got together with Barb at a coffee shop to discuss it.

"So how are things going with Ed?" I asked as Barb and I sat down at a corner table.

"Wonderful!" Barb said with a big smile. "I've got you to thank for that. You made me realize how much I was missing. I might never have started dating again if it wasn't for you Steve." She put her hand on mine and whispered, "He's not as big as you, but he knows what he's doing," and she winked.

"I'm happy for you Barb, you deserve it," I said.

"So, Lindsey and Connie," Barb said. "It's frustrated me for years that they don't get along. Maybe you and I should get them drunk and in a hot tub," she laughed.

"I was actually thinking along those lines, although I'm not sure of exactly what," I said. "Being with a woman would be completely new for Connie. There's no telling how she would react — it could be playing with fire. And then there's you Barb. You probably don't want to get all crazy now that you're with Ed."

"Ha! Wanna bet?" she laughed. "You switched on the horn-dog in me somethin' fierce. And Ed, well let's just say I think he'd be first in line if somebody invited him to an orgy. He's just to much of a gentleman to admit it," she laughed.

"Wow, so this is starting to get interesting," I said. "You know Connie better than I do — you think she would even go? I mean over to Lindsey's for a hot tub party?"

"If you ask her too she will," she said. "I don't mean to say she'd follow you off a cliff, but if you ask her to do something sexy, she'll do it. That's the feeling I get." 

"So let's say we're all in the hot tub together," I said. "You're gonna have to break Connie in. She and Lindsey just aren't gonna start making love on their own, that's for sure. I'll get Connie started and then you slide over and show her the pleasures of a woman, and then we'll let the night bring them together."

"Sounds like poetry," she laughed. "Let's do it. I've been wondering about getting Ed into a group thing. This is perfect. I'll talk Lindsey into it — that should be easy — and you talk Connie into it. I don't think you'll have much trouble."

"And Ed?" I said.

"Ha! I've seen the way he looks at Lindsey and Connie. Like I said, he'll be first in line," she laughed.

"How about Liz?" I said. "It wouldn't seem right if we didn't invite her."

"Yes, you're right. And she's the perfect catalyst too. Remember our first night? She was the first one with her tits out," Barb laughed.

"Do she and Connie know each other?" I asked.

"Yes, they're quite friendly. Connie thinks Liz is a hoot."

————————

Three days later it was Saturday night and we all arrived at Lindsey's and mingled in the big kitchen / family room area. Gradually, while we all worked on our first drink, folks drifted off to the bathroom to change into our bathing suits. It was a fairly warm evening by mid-winter in upstate New York standards, and a couple at a time we wandered out and slipped into the gloriously hot water. Lindsey had the music on, and the open alcove on the deck where we were was decorated with thousands of twinkle lights. 

"It sure is nice to see beautiful women in bathing suits this time of year," I said as I settled in next to Connie.

Lindsey had made large pitchers of margaritas, and strategically placed them around the tub, within easy reach of everyone. They went down easy, and there was much laughter and easy conversation. Lindsey and Connie were still a bit frosty however. Ed turned out to be a gem of a guy — in his late fifties, good looking, charming, and a great sense of humor. He was in his element surrounded by all these laughing women. I wondered if Barb had told him he might be fucking them all, or if it would be a nice surprise for him.

Liz downed her drink and announced, "This suit's to small for me, you don't mind do you?" She unlatched her too-tight bikini top and tossed it on the deck.

"Well if that's the case..." Barb said, and she and Lindsey did the same.

"Ah, that feels nice," Lindsey said. "Like summer again."

I gave Connie a little look of encouragement and she was soon topless as well, looking both excited and curious.

"My goodness!" Ed said. "May I just say... yes indeed!" and we all laughed.

The drinks flowed, and through the bubbles I could see Barb had Ed's bathing suit leg pushed up and his cock out in her hand. I did the same with my suit and maneuvered Connie's hand onto me. She gasped when she felt it, and it quickly hardened with her touch.

"Looks like you just caught a big fish sweetie," Liz said to Connie when she noticed the look on her face. "I love fishing, let me see what you got," she said, as she moved across the tub and found Connie's hand. Connie pulled away, not knowing what to do. "Oh yeah," Liz said as she felt my hard cock, "I caught a fish just like this a few months ago. I ate it, and it slid down my throat like caviar."

Connie and Ed were wide eyed and silent. "Help me sweetheart," Liz said to Connie. "It takes all hands on deck to bring in the big ones." Connie slowly moved her hand back and helped Liz stroke me. I slipped off my swimsuit to give them better access.

Barb knew Connie was in good hands, so she moved near Lindsey and reached for Ed to sit between them, which he eagerly did. She helped him slide his suit down and he moaned deeply as both the girls went to work on him under the bubbly water. Barb knew we had to get beyond the hand-job phase if Lindsey and Connie were going to get together, so she slipped off her bikini bottom and straddled and mounted Ed.

"Holy shit Barb!" was all he could say. He looked embarrassed at first, but the pleasure took over his brain and he lost himself in it. "Oh fuck!" he said as Barb splashed up and down on him. Barb leaned over and sucked on Lindsey's tits, Lindsey kissed Ed hard on the mouth, and the new guy was in hog-heaven. The whole scene was too much for him though and he came quickly, moaning into Lindsey's mouth.

Liz left my cock to Connie's hand, and positioned herself between Connie's legs. She slipped off Connie's bikini bottom without any resistance, and I could see the tell-tale look of lust building in Connie's eyes as she thought she might soon be fucking me. Liz expertly lifted her hips as Connie put her arms on the deck, and when Connie's pretty grey pussy broke the surface Liz dove in. It all happened in one quick fluid motion, and I don't think Connie had much of a chance to think about what was happening until Liz's tongue had sunk into her.

"Oh Liz! What are you..." she gasped.

I kissed Connie and whispered, "I think you'll like this sweetheart, she's an expert. Just relax."

Soon Connie's eyes were rolling back in her head and she came hard on Liz's talented tongue, with me massaging and sucking on her tits. Her body writhed for longer than usual — it was a deep, satisfying orgasm.

"Welcome to the sweet side Connie," Liz said, looking up with a loving smile.

Liz let Connie's body sink into the hot water and I wrapped my arm around her and held her close. "Wow..." was all she could say.

Liz reached down to survey my situation and found me still hard. "Ooo! Big fish needs a place to spawn..." she said, and she straddled me, my cock slipping in in one smooth plunge. "Oh baby, I'd forgotten how good you feel. You're a lucky girl Connie," she said as she ground herself against my pelvic bone.

"Would you like to help me with these Connie?" I said as I took one of Liz's big tits in my hand and sucked in her huge nipple. Connie, still a bit unsure of herself, took a big tit in her small hand and kissed it. Liz reached under the water and found Connie's pussy, and Connie sucked in the big nipple with a loud moan. Liz was loving the three-way action and she lifted her hips so I could thrust up into her. I came before I wanted to, but it sent Liz over the top and she splashed down backwards into the water the same way Lindsey did months ago. Liz came up with wet hair to much applause and laughter.

We all sipped on a fresh round of margaritas, and reveled in the sexual freedom we all felt. It was new to Ed and Connie, and it was easy to see they were enjoying themselves, but I was a little worried Connie and Lindsey were going to continue avoiding each other. Then Barb spoke up.

"Connie, would you like to learn how to pleasure a woman?" she said. It was a bold question and it took Connie by surprise.

"Barb!" she exclaimed, and she looked to me for support. "Well you're no help," she said to me, "you want me to turn into a dirty old slut don't you," and she laughed.

"Come on sweetie, it's all good," Barb said. "Liz taught me a few months ago. Now it's my turn to pass it on. Just think of the fun we'll all be able to have when there's no men around."

"I'm generally available," Ed said, and we all cracked up laughing.

"Come here," Barb said to Connie. "Let's give our host a nice big orgasm. She's the only one who hasn't had one. That doesn't seem right, does it."

Barb took Connie's hand and sat her next to Lindsey. They only glanced at each other. Barb swished through the hot bubbles and positioned herself between Lindsey's legs and lifted them onto her shoulders.

"There's not a whole lot of science to it," Barb said as she took her first lick. "Just think about what would feel good if you were licking yourself." She sunk her tongue deep and Lindsey let out a sharp moan as she was swept away.

"Why don't you and Ed take care of those nice tits," Barb said between licks.

Ed dove right in, finally getting his hands on sexy Lindsey, and Connie slowly joined him. Lindsey was really getting into it and her hands went to Ed's cock and Connie's pussy. Barb could have easily taken Lindsey over the top, but she slowed and took her on a nice long ride.

"Come her sweetie," Barb said to Connie. Connie swished out through the bubbles and switched places with Barb. "She's primed and ready sweetheart. Just give her clit some attention and watch the fireworks.

It didn't take long for Connie to get the hang of it and Lindsey was soon flying. Barb was kissing her and Ed was going ravenous on her big tits. Connie was on her knees and I couldn't resist. I moved behind her and she sensed my intention and stuck her ass out for me. I slipped in and she cried out into Lindsey's pussy. Somehow Lindsey held on long enough for me to bring Connie to a screaming climax just as Lindsey went off.

"This is a delightful way to spend a Saturday evening," Ed said as all the moaning died down. We all laughed hysterically.

It was, in fact, a delightful evening, and as we left Connie and Lindsey embraced like dear old friends. "You orchestrated this whole thing, didn't you Steve?" Lindsey said. "Thank you." She and Connie kissed me on my cheeks, and life was good.

———————————

Work progressed through the winter on Lindsey's playroom. The basement of her big house had some nicely finished living space, with a small kitchenette and a very nice bathroom, so we re-purposed a family room area down there for the playroom. It had plenty of square footage — Lindsey wanted plenty of floor space for mingling during her party's — and it would be relatively easy to deal with privacy and soundproofing. With some double insulation on the ceiling and a few other areas Lindsey would be able to crank the tunes and a group of people could scream in ecstasy all night long without the neighbors knowing about it. After demolition of the old space, I installed duct-work for a dehumidification/fresh air ventilation system, the walls were sheet rocked, the big folding murphy beds were installed on the side walls, I built a platform for the center bed that also supported the outer edge of the murphy beds when they were down, the ceiling was fully mirrored and a nice plush carpet was put down on the floor. 

We found a rich, dark red grass-cloth wallpaper for the walls, and the LED mood lighting was all hooked up to a fancy little controller that could adjust the color or even roll through different colors automatically. There was also a series of aim-able recessed lights in the ceiling to bathe all the art work with soft light. I built Lindsey a nice new sound system using a Mac Mini and an iPad to control it. It could play tunes throughout the house, or just in the playroom, through awesome Dali speakers that mounted in the walls and four hidden subwoofers. "Forget the sex," I said to Lindsey, "I just want to lie on that center bed and listen to tunes all day." 

The whole vibe of the room was 'Mid-Century Modern,' and Lindsey found a fabulous wet bar from the 50's that I restored and refinished, and I built a refrigerator into the wall behind it. A huge TV screen was hidden behind the bar, and rose up at the touch of a button to display classic porn — Lindsey liked the old stuff. There were strong eye bolts installed in various points on the ceiling, a system of restraint points all along the 19 feet of bed space for handcuffs, ankle restraints or whatever, and a walk-in closet with shelves for the audio system amplifiers, sex toys, and lot's of pillows and other accessories. A huge off-white leather L-shaped sectional couch arrived one day, along with a gorgeous modern style coffee table and a pair of very modern lounge chairs that were perfect for sex, and the room was almost complete. All that was left was the art work. 

Lindsey decided she didn't want to see Carol's mural until the night of her first party when everyone else saw it, so Carol and I installed it, and Carol also got the job of hanging Lindsey's erotic art collection around the rest of the room. There were some amazing pieces she had picked up on recent travels, including some sculptures. The largest of those was a bronze of a couple reclining on their sides fucking 'spoon style' with the woman's leg in the air. That one took a place of prominence on the coffee table, and all of it was lit with the adjustable recessed lights.

Carol's mural was nothing short of mind blowing. Richly colored, vibrant, and intensely erotic, it was made up of five different scenes, but they all flowed together with interacting arms and legs into an orgiastic masterpiece of color and light. I knew it was special when I saw the individual panels, but when we had the whole thing hung together it was spectacular. It all fit perfectly into the wall space we had designed for it, the lighting made it glow as if it was alive, and Carol was rightly proud of the result.

"I sealed it really well, so when you guys spray your seed all over it Lindsey can clean it off," she laughed.

Carol, like Lindsey, had thought of everything, and the playroom was ready for play.