 I had just finished up my residency and I manage to find a position at a clinic. Everything seemed to be clicking for me. My girlfriend Becky was all I could hope for. She was a dark haired beauty with the big breasts I love. A few months after I started I was called into the senior doctor's office. Henry had me sit down for a talk.

"You're doing a great job Craig. I am getting good comments from the staff and patients."

That was a relief. I wanted to well in my first real position.

"I wanted to tell you about a get-together that the doctors and their wives have one Saturday a month. We would like you and your girlfriend to join us."

My face must have lit up. I was officially being brought into the fold. 

"There is one thing I want to bring up. This is an adults party," he told me.

"Adults party?" I asked.

"You know, we swap with each other."

My face must have betrayed me. I didn't want other men bedding down with Becky.

"Go home and talk it over with your girlfriend. You can get back to me by Friday," he said.

I was dismissed and I left for home. I wasn't very happy. I told Becky I had something to bring up to her. It might not be very pleasant. When I told her about the invitation I could see she didn't like what she was hearing from me.

"Is this something you absolutely have to do?" She asked me.

I said we don't have to go at all. She must have known that my name would be mud if I didn't show up with my girlfriend.

"I'll do it this once for you," she said.

I didn't know whether to be glad or sad. We ended up arriving at Henry's home that Saturday evening. Henry's wife Susan ushered us in. I had seen Susan just once at the office. She had to be in her mid forties. She was attractive and well endowed. We barely got in the door when she took me by the arm and led me back to a bedroom.

"I've been waiting for you Craig," she said to me.

Susan didn't waste any time. She began to undress. I just stood there for a minute watching her. Susan had her pubic mound shaved down. Her big tits were resting on her chest. She got onto the bed. I got my wits together and I stripped out of my clothes.  

"I knew you had a big cock," Susan told me as she smiled.

Susan spread her legs wide. I was supposed to use my tongue and mouth on her pussy. I got between her thighs and I started to lick her gash. Susan was already wet down below. She began to make these noises as I got her excited.

"Oh fuck, right there," she said. "You're making me crazy!"

I pushed a finger past her gash as I got Susan worked up. I have to admit, my dick was getting hard as well. I am around eight inches long when erect. I knew Susan couldn't wait for that. Sure enough she told me to stop.

"I need you inside me now," she practically begged me.

I got to my knees and I took hold of my prick. I guided it to Susan's hole and I sunk into her dripping pussy. That really set her off. I drove deep into her body with my cock. Susan squeezed me hard with her muscles. She was practically panting like a dog. I guess she was making me excited as well. I pushed her legs forward and stretched my legs out. 

I took her hard and deep. I lost all thoughts about my girlfriend. I just wanted to fuck Susan like crazy. We went at it for some minutes. Susan told me to pull out. She got on her hands and knees for me. I got in behind her and pushed my rod back in.

"Pull on my hair," she screamed at me.

Her head jerked back as I plunged deep into her hot tunnel. I was banging Susan as hard as I could. I even remember talking dirty to her. I said she was my bitch and her pussy was mine. She agreed to everything I said. She was a cock whore alright. Who knows how long we went at it. I finally got to the point where I couldn't hold out any longer. I poured my hot load into Susan's body. 

She did cry out when she felt my cum load hitting deep in her belly.

"Give it all to me," She screamed.

I wondered if the others could hear what was going on between us. I emptied out a large load of seed into Susan's body. It was some minutes before we were able to calm down. When I finally pulled out, Susan got up and took my spent dick in her mouth. She got every drop of my leftover spunk and she swallowed it.

It hit me how wild the sex had been between us. Just then I thought of Becky. We took turns cleaning up in one of the bathrooms. I went out into the living room. There sat Becky with one of the other doctors named Jim. They were kissing one another. I wanted to tell them to stop. I remembered this was my idea to be here. When Becky saw me she pulled away from Jim.

"Are you all finished?" She asked me.

I nodded my head. We got our coats and said our goodbyes. Susan gave me a kiss on the lips before we walked out the door. Once in the car it was very quiet between us. I had to break the ice.

"How did it go?'" I asked.

"Do you really want to know?" Becky asked.

I nodded my head 'yes'.

Becky said that Jim was rough with her. He had her get naked and then she was told to kneel down. Jim had his long cock dangling in front of Becky face. He took his prick and smacked it against her lips. She finally opened for him. He placed both of his hands on the back of her head and then roughly fucked her face. 

Becky said she was gagging on his cock. He was like a madman, she said. Once Becky made him hard she was told to get on all fours. Jim pushed his cock in deep. Becky said she had never had sex that roughly before. Then she got a surprise. Jim pulled out and stuck his cock in her ass. Becky and I had never had anal before.

Jim took turns going from one hole to the other. Becky said she screamed more than once. I was horrified to hear all this. 

"He used me like some cheap whore," she said. 

I couldn't believe I asked this but I said, "did you enjoy any of this?"

"Not at first," she told me. "Later on my pussy was going into convulsions. I was having one orgasm after another."

She went on to say that Jim finally came inside her pussy. She had some giant orgasms when he let go. This was the worst thing to happen. I dragged my girlfriend into this fiasco. Becky did say she cleaned off his cock with her mouth after they finished.

"I'm so sorry for all of this," I told her.

"Why be sorry? I agreed to this as well."

I was shocked. I thought she would be royally mad with me. I said we would never go again. Becky calmly told me that Jim told her that she should leave me. They could end up being lovers together. My face must have gotten red.

"What did you tell him?' I asked.

"I didn't tell him anything," she said.

"Do you want to have sex again with those people?" I asked.

"I don't know," she told me.

It was really quiet the rest of the ride home. I thought I had fucked things up royally. My girlfriend was have second thoughts about fucking another guy and all because of me. There was no intimacy between Becky and I that week. Maybe we were both thinking about what we had done. One day at the clinic I got a text message. It was from Susan.

"Can you meet me Thursday after you are finished at the office"

I don't know what came over me. I said I would show up at their house. I even lied to Becky. I said I needed to stay over for a meeting. When I arrived that Thursday evening, Susan opened the door in the nude. She wrapped her arms around me.

"I've been so horny thinking about you."

We went straight to a spare bedroom where I fucked Susan. This time she mounted my staff and slid down onto my cock. I lost it that night. I pounded her tight pussy with all eight inches. She took it all. Our pubic mounds were grinding together. This ended up being a quickie. Henry would be arriving home soon. I dumped a thick load of cream into Susan. As it dripped out she brought some of it to her mouth to taste.

I knew I was lost. I went home and I sat Becky down. I told her I felt like I was losing her, I didn't want that to happen. She was feeling down as well. She said the sex had been fantastic but she didn't want to take up with an older man. I said I would leave the clinic. There was no way I could go on like this.

I refused any more sex parties and I did find a different position. I think everyone was mad that we were leaving their little sex group. Too bad. Becky and I got back to having regular sex together. We even get rough at times. I will take my girlfriend and make her suck my cock. Becky says this is a big turn on. I'm even thinking about getting an engagement ring to make sure Becky doesn't get away ever again.