 He made my ultimate fantasy come true a month ago. Now it was his turn. It was wonderful getting stuffed by five guys and having a woman there to clean me up. But now, what can I do for him to pay him back? I had ideas, of course. I always had ideas. But what was the ultimate for him? I hope he trusts me as much as I trusted him.

I had the hotel room suite lit with candles. The other players in our little fantasy where waiting in the other room. He was told to come to the room, strip in the hall, and enter using the key I left him at the desk. Let's see if he follows these simple orders. I hear the key entering the lock...

There he was, entering the room, naked, dropping his clothes at the door. He came to me and asked, "what are you going to do with me tonight?"

I put my hands on his shoulders, pushed him to his knees, and told him I was going to make his dreams come true. I was wearing a black demi cup bustier, with matching thong, garters and stockings with 4 inch stiletto heels. He knew something was up. I didn't dress like this often, but when I did, he always enjoyed himself. 

When I got him on his knees I gave him a punishing look. He looked down at the ground and said, "What are you going to do to me, Mistress?"

He had it right, now. He knew what to expect, somewhat. I wasn't going to "punish" him tonight. but he would enjoy it just the same. 

"You are to be rewarded tonight, Bitch. You pleased me so much last month, that I decided that tonight, it was your turn."

He looked up at me, eyes wide with wonderment. He smiled, he finally figured out what was in store for him. I spread my legs in front of his face. "Lick me, now."

He didn't waste time on response, just dove right into my pussy. He tongued my clit, sucking it into his mouth and biting down like I like it. I told him that I had guests in the other room, and they would be coming out, now. Out came one man and two women. The women had strap on harnesses on. The dildos in these harness weren't too big. They were two different sizes, though. He was an anal virgin, but he has always told me how much he would like to get fucked with a strap on. This was his night.  

He was still tongue fucking my pussy as they came out. I started talking to him, as I ground myself against him. "You see three different size cocks in front of you. And when I cum, I am going to get my harness, and add a fourth. Only three are going in your ass. The real one is for your mouth."

I could feel his lips curl up in a grin while he was sucking on my clit. I came at that moment, knowing he was going to get what he always wanted. I am not quite done, as I still need more attention to my dripping pussy, so I move to the chair across the room. He crawls to me, knowing that's what I want. He lifts my legs over his shoulders and begins again, licking me from ass to clit, over and over again. The other people join us. The women get his ass ready, squirting some lube down his cheeks and into his ass. The man brings his cock to my mouth. I begin to suck him in earnest, as the women are fingering my Bitch's ass. 

Eventually, he is ready. And the one with the smallest "cock" in her harness steps up behind him. I look down, "I know you wanted me to be your first. Tell me now, do you want my cock first? Here it is."

I pulled my harness from behind the head of the chair. I showed you how big it was. It was bigger than the other two women had in their harnesses, but still not as big as some that I have had in my ass. He knew that, it was smaller than him. He stopped eating me for a minute, and looked. "I have given you the choice. You have always wanted me to be your first, but I am a little bigger than you hoped. You have two others there, to prepare you for me. But it's your choice. Me? Or them?"

"You, Mistress. Please, you."

I smile, and am pleased with your decision. I ask the two ladies to leave us. And, disappointed, they do. Now, it's just the three of us. I look to the man, Drew, and tell him to get in front of you. I move behind. I add a little more lube to your ass, then stroke my "cock" with still more. I don't want to hurt you. But I do want to fuck you.

"Now, Bitch, I want you to start sucking Drew's cock. Make it last, and make it good. And I am going to fuck your ass. Just like we always wanted."

Drew guided his fat cock into your mouth. And I guided my fingers to your ass. I slipped one, then two into your tight hole. Slowly, ever so gently, working them in and out of you. Spreading my fingers apart slightly on each stroke to widen you for my "cock". 

Drew was moaning and I know he was enjoying the excellent cock sucking you were giving him. You have learned from the best, me. At least you tell me I am the best. I rub the tip of my "cock" between your ass cheeks, letting you feel me for the first time. I position the head at your entrance, and press just the tip in. You tense up at first, but I remind you to relax. Keep sucking on Drew, and forget about what I am doing. This allows you to relax a little. 

I push just a bit further into you. Not much, but definitely splitting you open now. I stop moving, so you can feel the fullness inside of you. You stopped sucking that beautiful cock long enough to nod your head, telling me you were ready for more. I pushed even further in. You pushed back to meet me, and ended up taking the whole length inside your ass. I didn't move. I was mesmerized at the sight of your ass open for me like this. 

Again, you backed off that cock and nodded. But this time, you looked back at me and said, "Now, Mistress, now I am ready, please fuck my ass!"

I did. Who was I to disappoint? Drew and I got into a nice rhythm; him still fucking your mouth, me fucking your ass. You reached down between your legs with one hand to stroke your cock. Sliding the shaft through your fist as you had cock in both holes. The little nubs inside my harness where doing a good job on my clit, and I knew I would cum again, soon. But I tried to hold off as long as possible. I managed to last long enough to hear Drew yell out that he was cumming. He shoved his cock into your throat and shot his load of hot cum straight down it. Tasting his cum caused you to cum, filling your hand as you continued to stroke your self. 

I did not let up on your ass, though. I wasn't done. And I need to cum. I started to pound into you harder and harder. You met each thrust with a thrust back of your own. Drew got up and came to me. He started playing with my tits, mauling them, really. And pinching and pulling on my nipples. This caused me to finally cum.

I pulled out of your ass, and removed my harness. I invited the girls back into the room. One of them began to kiss your asshole, licking you to help sooth the soreness. The other got beneath you to suck your cock back to hardness. Meanwhile, Drew began to lick my pussy juices that had run down my thighs. After our friends cleaned us up, I asked them to go play in the other room. I needed to be alone with you. 

When we were alone, I kissed you and told you how much I loved seeing you suck another cock for me. And how proud I was that you had chosen to take the bigger dildo in your ass, since that meant it was me who got to be your first. You told me how amazing it felt to have me fuck your ass. And that next time, if I trusted you enough, you would make my next fantasy come true.

I trust you. And you trust me. Maybe we can make Drew trust us, too.