 Note: This is a continuation of a previous story entitled "Does She know?" where a couple experiences an MMF threesome for the first time. Both stories deal with themes of wife-sharing and jealousy as a fetish. 

*****

The following morning Angela woke me up with a kiss. She was already dressed and ready to go down for breakfast. As I got off the bed I looked around and noticed she had tidied up. There wasn't any evidence of what had happened the night before. This set the tone for the rest of the day. We went for breakfast, spent time on the beach and relaxed, never once bringing up what we had done. I'm sure she was thinking about it just as much as I was but neither of us felt comfortable starting the conversation. Instead we talked about pretty much everything else.

I wasn't sure if to text Will or wait for him to make the first move. Angela and I had two more nights at the hotel. Jenny was supposed to be back today. Because the previous night seemed like a dream, I couldn't even imagine what would happen next.

After spending the day together, Angela had some wine and fell asleep fairly early. I wasn't too tired yet so I opened up my laptop to see if Will was on. When I saw his username online my heart started beating faster. 

"You there?" I asked.

"Hey, yea."

We chatted for a while. He explained that he met Angela at the hotel during her spa day and chatted with her. He intended to do some light flirting to see how she would react and then invite us out for the night. However, things took a different tone. Apparently, over the past couple years Angela had noticed the websites I visited and saw some of the stories I had read online. She had an awareness of my fantasy but was afraid to bring it up. The night after she had met Will for the first time, she saw messages on my phone from him while I was in the shower.

When Will extended the invitation, Angela got up the nerve to ask if him and I had any other arrangements. One thing led to another and they came up with the plan to surprise me. All I could respond with was, "Oh." He also told me that Jenny had just gotten back. 

Unlike me, Will had worked up the courage to confess the fantasy to his wife a few months before. She was intrigued. They had role-played about the idea using toys and he shared his favorite stories with her. They were ready to try a full swap. 

******

The following morning I informed Angela that Will invited us to spend the evening with him and Jenny. I felt a nervous as we still had not spoken about our tryst. 

"Oh okay. Sounds like fun," she said with a smile. This gave me some relief but I was still very nervous. It felt strange to be meeting Jenny in person after hearing Will talk so much about her in our dirty chats.

He came around 5pm to pick us up at the hotel. Jenny stayed home to straighten up. Angela dressed casually in a white, spaghetti-strap tank-top and a blue, pleated mini skirt. Underneath she had on white Calvin Klein underwear.

During the drive we chatted like old friends. When we talked online the night before, Will told me I could sit back and relax at his place as he and Jenny had some ideas about how to proceed. I didn't know what to expect. After the previous night I was more anxious how I might react, than how Angela would. She definitely surprised me.

When we got to the house Jenny was very welcoming. She wore grey yoga pants and a pink tank-top with her blonde hair in a ponytail. She was gorgeous. I loved her smile, not to mention her body. Will had always talked about her ass and I could see why. I imagined squats must have been a significant part of her exercise routine. The bra she was wearing was very thin as I could see her nipples underneath. I already knew her breasts were 34B.

We all sat down in the living room with some wine and started talking. Jenny had a great sense of humor. Her and Angela got along well. I didn't do much talking, neither did Will. We let the girls get to know each other better. Knowing him though, he must have been picturing both of them naked and making out with each other. 

Will and Jenny were on a love-seat at a right-angle to the couch where Angela and I sat. As the wine flowed everyone grew looser. Jenny was cuddling Will's arm and Angela was leaning on my shoulder with her hands on my thigh. 

By dinner my nervousness had disappeared and for a while I actually forgot why we were there. The meal was light, no doubt because our hosts had thought ahead. 

When we went back into the living room to watch a movie things started to escalate. I had excused myself to visit the washroom and came back to find the lights were dimmed and Will had cozied up to Angela on the love-seat. 

I sat next to Jenny on the couch but left a gap between us. As the movie started Jenny expressed she was feeling a bit cold and reached for a blanket. 

"My feet are so tired. The last few days have been so busy," she then sighed. 

"You realize you're sitting next to the world's best foot masseuse?" Angela responded, shooting me a teasing smile as she leaned in closer to Will. 

"Really? You have to help me out here! Come on!" Jenny shifted around so her feet were on my lap, under her blanket.

My heart started to beat faster. Will just sipped his wine coolly. When I began rubbing Jenny's feet, she let out a very sexy moan. 

"Can you take my socks off?" she cooed. I did, then continued rubbing. Her eyes closed and she continued to moan every so often. The rest of us pretended to pay attention to the movie, at least at first. Soon enough I noticed Will's hand reaching for Angela's thigh. She didn't react. Initially he just placed it, close to her knee. Gradually it crept up to the hemline of her short skirt. Before long he was caressing and my cock twitched. Jenny felt it with her foot. 

"Lay down behind me," Jenny said quietly. I followed her instruction. She adjusted the blanket so I'd be under with her. We were now spooning. She backed her ass onto my hardening cock. I put my hand on her waist, along the elastic of her yoga pants. Being under the blanket made this easier for me. Will, on the other hand didn't seem to need any blanket. 

I almost didn't notice as all my attention was on the feeling of Jenny's ass rubbing up against me, but when I finally looked over Will and Angela were kissing. My cock got harder against Jenny. I pressed up closer. She let out another moan.

Angela's hand was on Will's cheek. She was taking his lower lip in her mouth, kissing and sucking. It turned me on so much to see her unabashed. I just stared at them as I grinded onto Jenny, my hand now caressing her thigh and ass. Although I was seeing what my wife was doing I still felt a bit guilty. That is until my eyes went down and I noticed where Will's hand was.

Angela's mini skirt was hiked up to the point where it looked like she wasn't wearing it. Will's hand was inside her white panties, fingering her. Her hand was on the outside of the panties, pressed against his. Not holding him back, but guiding him. Their pace was moderate. It matched their kissing. 

I must have been neglecting Jenny for too long as she reached for my head and pulled me into a kiss. I greedily went in for it and felt her tongue swirl against mine. All the while she didn't stop rubbing up against me. By this point my hand was all over her chest and she was moaning into my mouth. She then reached for my cock, rubbing it through my jeans. 

I broke the kiss and started sucking on her neck. At this point I forgot everything else and just wanted her body. She turned to face me. I pulled the straps of her bra and tank top to the side to get better access to her neck and shoulders, enjoying the soft feel of her with my mouth. She pushed her thigh between my legs to rub up against my cock and balls. Her hand was grabbing my ass. 

I loosened her ponytail and put my hands in her hair, grabbing tightly as I bit her shoulder harder. I shifted positions, moved her onto her back and got on top. She wrapped her legs around me. I felt like a teenager again, dry humping her and making out. 

A moan from my wife brought my attention back to her and Will. I looked over to see her panties were around her ankles. She was sitting on his lap. One of his hands was up her shirt, likely up her bra too. The other was fingering her. Although the room wasn't very bright, I noticed her pussy looked smooth. Usually she kept a trimmed bush, at my request. It turned me on to know she had done some "preparation" for tonight knowing Will, and Jenny, would see her pussy. 

Her hands were in his hair, grabbing tightly as he sucked on her neck. This was probably the most turned on I had ever been in my life. 

"Bedroom?" Jenny asked in a husky voice. I nodded. The other two snapped back to reality. I climbed off Jenny, she got up and straightened her clothes. Angela pulled her panties up and fixed her own clothes. We shuffled behind Jenny to the bedroom. I chose not to look to Angela at the risk of making it awkward. 

Jenny took my hand and led me toward the bed. She put her hands on my shoulders and guided me to sit down. My breath was shallow, hands shaky. Will seemed much more collected as he sat down beside me. Then again, he had already fucked both women in the room. 

Jenny put the bedside lamps on dim and switched the room light off. Angela seemed more comfortable than I was. There wasn't a trace of guilt or the awkwardness I would have imagined. At the same time she wasn't acting slutty, she was just going with the flow. It was a turn on for me to see her comfortable in such a sexual situation. 

Jenny had just put on some music and came back to where Angela was standing. She took Angela's hands, drew her in and kissed her. This was Angela's first experience with another woman. They were very gentle with each other, enjoying the feeling of each other's lips. There wasn't any tongue yet. 

Angela's hands explored Jenny's body before ending up on her ass. Caressing and squeezing it. Jenny had one hand in my wife's hair and the other on her breast. 

When they broke the kiss, Jenny looked into Angela's eyes and reached to take off her tank-top. Angela raised her arms and let her then reciprocated the gesture. For a moment they both admired each other's body. Angela's nipples were hard and poking through her white bra, Jenny's through her pink. 

Jenny turned her back to Angela who put her thumbs in the elastic of the yoga pants and pulled them down. They both did this as slowly and seductively as possible to reveal Jenny's matching pink thong that dug into her hips. As her back was to Angela, Angela took the liberty of taking off the bra leaving Jenny in only the pink thong. Something about the pink thong, pink nipples, white skin and blonde hair made her seem angelic while erotic at the same time. 

Jenny turned around and kneeled down in front of Angela. She reached up inside the skirt and pulled down the panties without taking the skirt off. Jenny then tossed the soaked panties over to me. I instinctively smelled them. 

She then got up and undid Angela's bra. Her 36C breasts bounced as they were freed. Jenny threw the bra to her husband with a chuckle. Will also sniffed. I imaged what the warm bra felt like against his face as he took in my wife's scent. 

I drunk in the sight before me of the two topless women. One in her sexy panties with her perfect ass on display, the other in only a flirty, blue skirt. My wife could probably feel the cool air against her wet, smotth pussy. 

At this point they were both walking toward us, breasts jiggling. Jenny was coming toward me and my wife toward Will. 

Angela's eyes were locked with Will's. She reached for his belt buckle and undid his pants, taking them off completely. She wasted no time in removing his underwear and freeing the thick cock I had seen the previous night. It was rock hard and glistened with pre-cum. She seemed hypnotized by it, immediately dropping to her knees and taking it into her mouth. He leaned his head back and let out a loud moan. She could only fit part into her mouth, putting her hand around the lower half and slowly jacking him off as she sucked. She looked up at him while she did. It was messy with drool and pre-cum. 

Jenny chuckled as she enjoyed the sight before coming to sit on my lap. She started rubbing up her ass all over my cock which was still restricted by my jeans. She was teasing me and I loved it. I reached my hands around to massage her breasts. She moaned again when I pinched her nipples. Finally she reached into her own panties and started masturbating. The volume of the moaning increased. 

Angela was now rubbing her tits on Will's cock and balls. His cock being out in the open seemed to change something for her. She was visibly horny, as if in heat. She took his hand and started sucking his finger, looking into his eyes all the while. 

I would have cum in my pants from the lap dance if Jenny had not cum on her own accord and climbed off. She gave me a slow kiss then bit my lip before kneeling next to Angela and kissing her. She would have tasted her husband's pre-cum. They then kissed with the tip of his huge cock between their lips. All three of them were moaning as I just stared stupefied. 

Angela moved over a bit to give her new friend some room. Jenny smiled at her husband as she gave him a titty-fuck of her own. Angela looked on, still hypnotized. This went on for few minutes then our hostess shifted us around. 

First, she finally took my pants off, freeing my frustrated cock. I took my shirt off and Angela helped Will with his. Jenny then put Angela to lay down on one side of the bed, parallel to the headboard. She took off Angela's skirt. I got to see her glistening, smooth pussy in all its glory. Jenny came back over to me and took her own panties off. Will took his position between my wife's legs and wasted no time pressing his big, hard cock against her pussy-lips. He teased her a bit at first, just rubbing the tip up and down. He also gently rubbed her clit with his cock. I looked on, enjoying the view along with Jenny who now had her hands all over my body. 

Angela let out a sigh as Will's cock finally started to enter her. She squeezed her eyes shut, enjoying the pain. 

Jenny climbed onto the bed from the other side on all fours. Her face was over Angela. She lowered her head and both women sucked on each other's lips. 

Then Jenny beckoned me over. 

"Condoms are in the draw there," she whispered. I was disappointed at first to hear this. Jenny wasn't on the pill. It felt unfair that Will could go into my wife raw but I had to use a condom for his. But then something about the unfairness turned me on even more. Either way I wasn't in a position to make any demands so I got the condom on as quickly as possible and rubbed my cock against her wet pussy lips. After trying to tease her a bit like Will did with my wife, I put it in and enjoyed the feel of her. I played with her nipple with one hand and her clit with the other. 

Intermittently, both women kissed. Will and I were at a similar pace, just enjoying the feel of them. I flashed back to our perverted online conversations and it seemed surreal that we actually made it happen. 

It didn't take long to make Angela cum after all the foreplay. Will's huge cock must have helped as well. After, she sat up on the bed and pulled him in for a kiss. This pushed me over the edge and I came. 

"Mmmhmmm, give it to me baby!" cooed Jenny as she felt my cock orgasm in her pussy. The other two were oblivious to us. As my cock softened and slipped out of her, she turned around, removed the condom for me and gave my dick a kiss. Then she got off the bed, kissed me on the cheek and threw out the condom. 

Will and Angela were facing me now. I felt somewhat embarrassed as my flaccid cock was much smaller than his huge erection. Angela walked toward my side of the bed, her breasts jiggling as she did, she then put her arm around my waist and leaned in. We looked into each other's eyes. The look we exchanged seemed to reaffirm that we loved each other. I held her close as Jenny came back and sat on the bed. 

"I can take care of that for you," she said winking and pointing to her husband's hard cock. She had a magnum condom in her hand and put it on for him. He fucked her missionary style and she came twice before he finally finished. All the while my wife and I watched from the armchair in the corner. She sat on my lap, snuggled up close. Both of us still naked. The saliva and pre-cum on her chest hadn't fully dried. I could smell both. Her stretched pussy was a mix of more pre-cum and her juices. My cock was soft but it made me so horny to feel her body against me like that. 

After Will finally came, we all basked in the afterglow for a while without saying anything. When we had put some of our clothes back on, our hosts led us to the guest room. 

I went down on my wife and tasted her smooth, wet mess of a pussy. She squeezed my head between her thighs as she had another orgasm. I then licked her sticky chest and sucked on her tits. By that time my cock was hard again. With a tired smile, Angela climbed onto me let me feel her loose pussy. I didn't last long. As soon as I came, she gave me a kiss and rolled off to sleep. 

To be continued...