 This is my first submission to Literotica, enjoy! It contains MM bisexual and MMFF 4 way bisexual encounters, so if this is not your thing, that's OK... Please rate this and let me know if you like it and what you'd like to see. I have more coming.

*****

Woooohooooo! Home, and for once, nothing to do! Dave thought as he as he walked into his apartment and dropped his backpack on the hall table. Next week the semester was over and his classes were already in the can. After that was graduation with his degree in Chemical Engineering and a last summer of being free and irresponsible. He had really lucked out. His good grades had gotten him the job he'd wanted with the company he'd wanted to work for. But the kicker was that the training he needed before he could work in the new plant wasn't available until September. So he had the whole summer off. One more time! He'd keep working at the electronics store in the mall, to pay his rent and keep him in beer money. But that was going to be a breeze compared to working and taking 16 credits of engineering classes. He was getting one more summer of fun before joining the real world. What could be better?

Hmmm, what could be better right this minute is getting comfortable. Dave put his stuff away, peeled out of his school clothes, got into gym shorts and an old school T and thought about his options. It was Wednesday. Tyler had a lab class that usually ran until 9:00 PM on Wednesdays. So it looked like he was going to be on his own. 

He usually hung out with Tyler. Randomly assigned as room mates their first semester of freshman year, they'd became instant friends and had stayed best buddies and roomies since. They were so close and hung out so much, they even ended up dating girls who were also room mates. Dave and Tyler met Cindy and Beth at The Pub on campus one Friday night about a year and a half ago and they'd been a double date ever since. Their friends always kidded them about who was with who. It was always the four of them in a bunch. Either guy next to either girl, the conversation and laughter always going around the four of them with no restraint.

Well, there was one restraint. When it came to private time, each couple always headed off by themselves. Oh, they'd kidded about a four way, but had never tried anything. It had gotten pretty hot and heavy in the living room a few times with one couple on the couch and one on the loveseat. But as soon as clothes had started coming off, they'd always headed to their own rooms.

But, that wasn't a worry, or an option, tonight... Dave usually had an evening class on Wednesdays, just as Tyler did. So the girls had standing plans for 'girls night.' They usually headed out to ladies night at some dance club, had a few with some of other girls and danced until their high heeled feet were too sore to go on. Despite aching feet the next day, they loved those nights and they guys were really happy that they got out of going.

So, what to do? Dave stretched his lanky 5' 10" body out on the couch and ran his fingers through his collar length straight brown hair. Free time alone was something he was unused to. For four years it seemed like every waking moment was in class, at work, studying with friends, partying with friends or just hanging out with friends. Being alone with nothing to do was a strange treat. But what did he want his treat to be?

He grabbed a beer from the fridge and sat back on the couch thinking. He was not up for a workout or a movie. He was a bit hungry but there were plenty of leftovers for an easy dinner. He'd checked that out when he grabbed the beer. So, no cooking necessary either. Most of his other friends were in the throes of finals, sucking caffeine and trying to cram just one more fact into their heads. He was lucky that his schedule had worked out so well. All of his tests had been early and now he got to just coast over the finish line. His friends hadn't been as lucky. So there wasn't going to be any chance of getting anyone else out tonight.

Hmmm, so? He had the night to himself, no school, no work, no buddies, no girlfriend. The thought of Cindy reminded him that one thing was certain. He was horny. He was always horny and Saturday night had been the last time that he and Cindy had been able to have any quality time between the sheets. They'd necked and petted, touching and teasing each other over their clothes until they'd both gotten more than hot enough. Dave had started to undress Cindy, pulling her form fitting T over her head and wiggling her tight jeans off of her lovely rounded butt. She was sprawled out on the bed as he pulled legs of her jeans over her feet. Red haired, thin like he was, with beautiful and shapely B cup breasts and alabaster skin. He'd smiled at her and thanked his luck as he crawled back onto the bed to kiss her once more. Dave licked and sucked at her pink rosy nipples as they came into view when he removed Cindy's bra. He also slipped his fingers under the waist band of her black lace panties and slid them down her legs as Cindy arched her back and raised her butt off of the bed to help him. That was a beautiful memory! Then... There she was, naked on his bed, looking up at him with a happy and lusty expression as he knelt between her parted legs.

Dave held that thought as he realized his mental wandering had just given him a monster hard on. That gave him and idea! He had hardly ever surfed Internet porn Life was just too busy. He had a gorgeous girlfriend who enjoyed sex as much and as often as he did. So, when he did feel the need to get off by himself, he usually just rubbed one out in the shower. But this was special, an unexpected free night off to indulge himself. A rare treat. Why not?

He thought about it for a second. He really wanted to enjoy this little diversion. So, first, a fresh, ice cold beer from the fridge. He decided that for this game, he deserved the living room, instead of hiding away in his bedroom. Dave grabbed his laptop and put it on the coffee table in front of the couch then put a bath towel down on the couch. No need to make a mess he thought wirily. He stripped off his shorts and T, stood naked in front of the couch and stretched, letting go of the tension in his shoulders, back and all the way down his legs.

Since Dave didn't watch porn very often, he really didn't know where to look for it. So, he just Googled 'college porn' deciding he wanted to see people like himself having sex. Scanning down the hits, he saw a site named 'Free-College-Sex-Videos.' Thinking that sounded like what he was looking for, he clicked on the link and in just a few seconds was at a website that showed a bunch of small pictures in row after row down the page. Each picture showed one frame from the video he'd get to watch if he clicked on it. Typically someone naked, or two or more people having sex. 

At the top of the screen was a row across the screen that said, 'Categories.' Across the categories row keywords described the kind of videos in the group. 'Straight,' 'Gay,' 'Lesbian,' 'Group,' 'BDSM.'

He thought about it for a minute and decided on, 'Group.' He wasn't even sure why. But when he saw that one of the videos in the second row of the new webpage was, 'College Dorm Room Orgy,' it just grabbed his attention. He clicked on it, the page switched. He -clicked on the little 'Play' arrow at the bottom and the four-arrows-pointing-out symbol that made the video fill the screen completely.

Dave angled the laptop on the coffee table . Then spun around putting his legs up on the couch and his head on the throw pillow against the couch arm. He grabbed the beer, shivered when the cold can hit is bare stomach as he set it down and laid back to watch.

The screen filed with a typical Saturday night dorm room scene. About a dozen guys and girls lounged around a dorm room on every available horizontal surface. Five guys and girls were lined up on the bed. Hip to hip, backs to the wall, legs stretched out, beers resting on stomachs or thighs. Just like he was right now, he mused. But he was naked and they were clothed. Hey, where was the sex? More people were on chairs, the desk, the floor, everywhere. So, come on, what's up? He watched for a few minutes more as the party continued. Just as he was about to give up and find another video, one of the guys on the bed turned to the girl next to him and gave her a smile. She grinned back and they both leaned in for a kiss. As they kissed, the guy on the other side of her, reached over and started to rub her stomach with his hand, moving higher toward her breasts with every motion. 

Now, that's more like it, Dave thought. His interest growing as others in the group began to kiss and touch. Soon hands were sliding up under shirts and skirts and down pants and shorts. Clothing was starting to come off too. Dave's excitement grew, along with his erection as the action in the dorm room got more intense. Articles of clothing were falling to the floor and getting tossed into corners non-stop now.

As hands found both hard and soft spots and lips and tongues followed, Dave decided to join in. He was more than ready. He took a gulp of his beer, set it down on the coffee table and shuddered as his chilled hand grabbed his already hard and hot shaft. He surveyed the scene, the dozen 'students' were all naked or practically naked now. They had grouped into twos and threes and were busily exploring each other. One trio had a guy kissing a girl while another guy was sucking and licking on of her nipples. A couple had managed to find enough room to stretch out flat on the floor and the girl was squirming sensuously on top of the guy as they kissed. 

Another couple was making out on the bed, somehow they'd gotten almost all of the narrow dorm bed to themselves. But wait, that was not a guy and a girl, it was two girls! One of them had short hair and her back had faced him at first. But when they rolled over, a really nice pair of tits made it very clear that she was not a he. An unexpected rush of heat flushed through Dave at the realization. It was so sexy, the two soft, pretty faces kissing, breasts rubbing together and, oh yeah, their mounds grinding on each other. He stroked himself steadily and a good buzz spread throughout his body. He wondered what it would be like to see Cindy and Beth doing that and his buzz jumped up big time. He had to slow down his stroking or his evening was going to be over. At least the first round. Way too soon. 

He was really getting into it now, watching as the scene unfolded. The camera moving to show everyone as they got deeper into their couplings and groupings. Dave stroked and waited for the camera to get back to that first trio, wanting to see where they had gotten to. But when the camera finally picked up on them again Dave's eyes almost bulged out of his head. The girl had kissed her way down the chest and stomach of the guy she had been in the lip lock with. Now she was bobbing on his long hard shaft, giving him what looked like amazing head. That was hot! The guy who was licking and sucking on her nipples had worked his way down as well and he now had his face buried between her legs and by the way she was wrapping her legs around his head it looked like he was giving some excellent tongue himself. But wait! The first guy was leaning down and OH FUCK! He just slurped the other guy's cock into his mouth. Right down to the root. He froze, hand wrapped around his rock hard cock. Unable to look, unable to not look. It was hot too! But it was a dude sucking a dude and he had just been licking that girl's tits. Damn. Well it was hot when the two girls were going at it. Almost everyone is OK with that. But what about the two guys? He just wasn't sure Why? They were just having fun too. Damn this was weird. He'd just wanted to watch some porn for a night off and now he was sitting here with his hand wrapped around a really excellent boner and he was debating sociology with himself. What the fuck? He decided to just go with it for now and not think. He took another gulp of beer. This time holding the can by the very top and only with his fingertips so his hand wouldn't get cold again. Then he turned back to the action and resumed stroking. Much better! The folks on the screen were getting hot and heavy now, 

Most of them had moved on from oral to intercourse. He was really enjoying a guy, who looked a lot like him, pounding a gorgeous dark haired curvy girl from behind when the door opened and Tyler walked right in yelling, "Hey dude, I'm back."

There was that perfect moment of silence as they each stared at the other.

"Duuuuuude! What the fuuuuck?" Tyler stood in the entry hall, door still open behind him. His pack dangling from one hand, his face in a picture of confused surprise.

Dave dropped his suddenly drooping dick and looked at Tyler with that deer in the headlights look. "Uhhhhh... Close the door at least OK? Geez man, you weren't supposed to be home for hours, the girls are at girls night and I had the first free night in I-don't-know-how-long."

Tyler reached back and closed the door. "OK, yeah, no harm, no foul. But ya gotta admit walking in and finding you here all naked and boned up was a bit of a surprise." A smile creased his lips and he started to chuckle. The chuckle grew to a laugh and Dave, no matter how he tried not to start, couldn't stop himself. Within seconds they were both howling. They finally stopped, and with a few gasps caught their breath.

"So, was it at least any good?"

"What?"

"The porn, dingus. Or at least that's what I presume you were keeping the beat to."

Dave blushed from his hair roots down to his toes. "Yeah, it was pretty hot, you should be happy you didn't walk in a few minutes later." he said getting even redder.

They'd been in the lockers at the gym often enough and shared a bathroom back in the dorm days so Dave's nakedness was no longer an issue once he wasn't stroking his cock along to the video. Tyler surveyed the scene, from Dave, to the laptop and beer on the table and the towel under Dave on the couch. "Nice setup. So, what were you watching?"

"A dorm room orgy, it was pretty good, but it had some kinda strange spots."

"What do you mean 'strange' spots?"

"Well... It started out pretty normal. Well normal for a bunch of kids in a dorm room who suddenly started to kiss and grope each other then yank off each others clothes. It got totally hotter when two of the girls started making out, I thought of Beth and Cindy and that just smoked. But then there were two guys on this one girl and when they got to it, one of the guys started sucking the other's cock. They had a daisy chain going, so one guy got pussy, she got one cock and the last guy just went down on the guy who was left. It was really weird, but kinda hot too. So even weirder, ya know?"

"Whoa, the due went down on another dude? Definitely weird. But now I gotta see it, show it to me, OK?"

"Ya wanna see it? Seriously?"

"Yeah, hell, it's my night off too, at least the rest of it. So, why not check out some strange stuff?"

Dave thought about it. OK, yeah why not. But he was not going to sit there naked with his shrunken hard on with his room mate right there, dressed. "Uh, OK... but gimme a sec." He picked up his shorts from the floor and started to put them on.

"Hey wait. You looked like you were doing OK when I walked in, Maybe instead of you getting dressed, I should get naked and we can both get off."

"Dude! C'mon. Naked is one thing, we've hit the gym together plenty, but jerking off together, now we're getting back into the weird category."

"Aww Dave," Tyler groaned, "it's not weird. We both do it. Hell, I even saw ya." Dave grimaced but came up with a sheepish grin when Tyler laughed.

"So, OK? Set that thing back up and I'll go grab us two cold ones."

"OK, yeah. And I definitely want that beer."

"No problem bro, two ice cold beers coming right up!"

Dave sat down on the couch, trying not to think about what he was doing. It was exciting, but strange. Sitting with his buddy on the couch, watching porn. Besides the regular fuck & suck stuff he wanted to see, girls did girls and guys did guys. Not only that, he and Ty were both going to be naked and jerk off!

Awww, shit. You only live once and he still hadn't gotten off and jerking off in bed after this would definitely be an anti-climax. He chuckled to himself at the silly pun then requeued the video to right where the kissing started. For some reason, he thought watching it from the beginning with the kids just sitting there dressed, talking and drinking; would be more awkward with both of them bare assed on the couch.

Just as Dave leaned back on the couch - no laying down this time - Tyler walked back in with two beers and nothing on but a smart assed grin. "I figured it would be easier to get undressed in my own room. That way I won't need to collect all my stuff after." He laughed, handed Dave a beer and took a big swig of his own. Sitting down next to Dave, he came out in his best mobster voice, "Let's do this thing."

Dave clicked the play arrow and took a large gulp of his beer, then leaned back and watched the now familiar start of the sex scene.

"Nice... Good pick, that blonde is killer." Tyler commented as the camera panned the room, showing everyone just getting started.

"Thanks. Yeah."

It got quiet at that point. Both of then caught up in watching the scene. Both getting excited and both conscious of it.

Tyler gave in first, his hand creeping toward his growing erection and wrapping around it nonchalantly. Once Dave saw Tyler slowly stroking, he gave in as well and joined in.

They kept watching, Tyler occasionally whispering, "Oh, yeah," or, "Wow," as a particular sight caught his eye. Then they got back to 'that spot.' Dave just went, "Uhhhh." Tyler echoed, "Yeah." They sat side by side, mesmerized, trying to decide what they thought about it, how it made them feel." 

Like a splash of cold water, the camera moved to show a pretty brunette riding a brown haired guy, cowgirl style. Her breasts bounced in a tantalizing show as she rose and fell at an ever increasing pace. Her head thrown back, her hair flying. The guy reached up to cup and fondle her breasts and both guys let out groans at the sight of her boobs riding his hands as she rode him. 

They were both pretty lost in the video now. Jacking themselves and trying to take in every bit of what was going on around the room. As the camera moved around the room, catching what everyone was doing, they realized that about half the action was straight, but about half was girl-girl or guy-guy. They both just took it in.

"Ya know, it's not so bad. I mean the girls with girls is just hot, right?"

"Yeah, it is.. Damn, it is..."

"But the guy-guy stuff is pretty OK too, isn't it?"

"Wellllll..."

"Well you're still hard and wanking to it, aren't ya?" Tyler grinned and gestured to Dave's lap. Where, in fact, his hand was wrapped around one of the best erections he'd had in a while.

"Uhhhhhh..."

"Drop it dude, I own you on this one. You are getting off on the guys as much as you are on the girls. It's OK. This is not one and only for the rest of your life. This is a night off. Enjoy some kink and get off on it. It's legit. And you even picked the vid!"

"OK. OK. OK. It's all hot. It's just..."

"Just what?"

"Just that I never pictured myself as gay, OK?"

"Who the fuck said you're gay? I don't think Cindy would. Well not based on the sounds I hear from your room." He chuckled and Dave turned bright red again.

"But, dude, that's the point. You're so not gay. But, everyone has some attraction to everyone, remember the Bell curve from stats? That's it. Some are extreme, one side or the other, but most folks live in the middle. If there weren't so damn many rules, most of us would be OK with anyone we liked. But, real life is not so easy. We do what they say and we're mostly OK with that instead. But that opening is there, it's not so bad, in fact it can be good, really good."
