 Rose sat on the porch swing at her camp and sipped her tea. It was August in Texas; one of those days you can fry eggs on the sidewalk if you're real careful not to overcook them. 

There was a nice breeze on the porch; it was still hot, but bearable. Rose was wearing a loose-fitting cotton sundress and her skin. It was too damn hot for anything tight, including underwear. Besides, nobody was around to see her anyway.

Every once in a while, Rose would lift the hem of the dress; making a sail to catch the breeze and send it up her body, drying her sweat and cooling her down. She figured if it worked for those Arabs in the desert, it should work for her in Texas. 

She finished her tea and went inside to refill the glass. Texas heat in the summer makes for a powerful thirst. She thought she might go down to the creek for a swim later. She smiled as she thought of the cool water closing over her bare nipples and pulling them erect like little soldiers on her breasts. Too bad Don was in Dallas for the week and wouldn't be there to enjoy the show.

She thought she heard a car drive up, but dismissed it as her imagination. The camp was a mile and a half off the paved road; nobody ever got lost enough to find it and she wasn't expecting anyone. Rose turned and walked back toward the porch just in time to see a man climbing the front steps.

"Afternoon, Ma'am. We seem to be a little lost, here."

Rose looked him over. He was a little above average height, maybe 6', with graying hair and glasses. Thin without being skinny, he moved well .... Almost graceful, as he stepped onto the porch. He was smiling, the crinkles in the corners of his mouth and eyes looked like he was used to smiling. It fit him.

"My name is Charlie. That's Betty in the car. We were looking for Fred Booker's camp, but I don't recon this is it."

"Rose".  Rose replied. "And you sure are lost! Fred's camp is about twenty miles back up the road. That turn onto his camp road is real easy to miss, and ours is the next road: we make a lot of new friends because of that. When you head back toward town, his turnoff is a quarter mile past the second deer crossing sign. You'll see it if you look real hard."

"Thanks, Rose. We appreciate the help." 

"My pleasure. Glad to get somebody to talk to.", she said. "It's a pretty good run back. Ya'll are more than welcome to a glass of tea and the restroom before you go."

"A glass of tea would be nice. I'll get Betty." 

Rose went into the camp to get the tea pitcher and some glasses of ice. 

Charlie walked back to the car and leaned through the open driver's window. The woman got out the other side. She was a blond, petite, yet well endowed. She was dressed similarly to Rose; loose and cotton, with Mexican sandals. 

Rose returned to the porch holding a tray with both hands. The couple was approaching the porch when a sudden gust of wind howled across the yard. Betty grabbed her dress to keep it from flying. Rose wasn't so lucky. Her dress caught in the wind, swirling high over her waist and exposing her nakedness to Charlie and Betty.

Rose turned the color of her name, dropped the tray and tried frantically to cover herself. Tea, ice and glasses flew.

Betty smiled. "Shoot, Rose. I thought I was the only one that got that hot in August." She lifted her own dress to show Rose that she, too, was naked underneath. "Don't be embarrassed. It's not like you flashed us on purpose."

Actually, after her initial shock, Rose was not embarrassed. She wasn't sure why, but she felt a mild flush of excitement.  She scrambled around to pick up the debris of her adventure and hurried inside to make more tea.

Betty followed Rose into the camp, offering to help. Rose accepted and the two women went about the business of making a fresh pot of tea, getting to know each other as they worked.

"You been knowing Fred awhile?" Rose asked her guest.

"We've never met him in person" Betty replied, but I've talked to him on the phone a few times and we've chatted on the internet. He seems like a really nice guy."

"Oh, I've known him all my life. He's nice enough, all right, but I've heard that some pretty wild stuff goes on over at his camp. Never been there myself, but it's a small town and folks hear things."

"I sure hope some pretty wild stuff goes on over there; Charlie and I are really looking forward to it."

Rose couldn't believe her ears. She had just met these folks, and here they were telling her that they were headed for a group sex session! The idea of group sex had occurred to her before, of course... but she had never thought of following through with it. Funny how just the knowledge that this couple was going to do it was beginning to excite her... she felt a faint moistness between her legs.

Rose poured the tea and Betty carried the tray back out to the porch where Charlie was sitting in Don's rocker, enjoying the breeze and the view across the valley in front of the camp. 

Charlie accepted his glass, took a deep drink and said, "Nice place you have here. A fellow could get used to this if he weren't careful." 

"Thanks," Rose responded. "My husband's parents built this camp about 50 years ago. We've been coming out here on weekends since I was a kid. It IS a nice place to get away from it all. There's plenty of squirrels, deer and turkeys to hunt in the fall, and the creek is full of fish. In the summer we sometimes picnic down by the deep hole in the creek; swimming there beats the devil out of a pool!"

The trio continued to exchange small talk. All the while, Rose was getting more and more aroused. Nobody said or did anything to arouse her; it was just happening. She would look at Charlie and imagine him naked .... erect and ready for her. Or she would see him in her mind's eye fucking Betty while she watched. It was confusing to her .... 

Every fantasy of group sex she had ever had included Don and another man. She had never even dreamed of sex with another woman and a man not her husband. She was making up for lost time, now. Her thighs were slick with the nectar of sex.

"We had better be going," Betty said. "Let me help with the dishes and we'll be on our way." She picked up Charlie's glass and her own and headed to the kitchen. Rose followed, carrying the pitcher, her own glass and the tray.

As the water was running in the sink, Rose made her decision. "Betty."

"What?"

"You know, you don't really need to go to Fred's for group sex. .... I would love for ya'll to stay here for the night and we can do whatever you want."

"I'd like that, Rose. Let me check with Charlie." 

Betty left the room. Rose couldn't believe what she was doing. Never in a million years had she thought she would be doing this without Don; but her pussy was telling her that she definitely wanted to. .... She started washing the dishes...

Rose heard someone come into the kitchen and walk quietly toward her. She assumed it was Betty and turned to speak to her, only to see Charlie, naked and erect, approaching her. For the second time in an hour, Rose dropped the tray and blushed.

"I didn't mean to startle you. I just figured that this was a good way to respond to your invitation." Charlie grinned. "I sure hope you can hold me better than you hold that tray!"

Rose giggled in spite of herself and moved toward him. "I probably can. Want to find out?"

Charlie reached for her and she came into his arms. He held her to his body and kissed her gently on the forehead. He turned her so that her back was cradled against him and placed one hand on her stomach, the other reached for her breast. He felt her rapidly erecting nipple through the thin cotton of her dress. He kissed her ear and whispered, "are you sure you're ready for this?"

"Oh, God, Yes!" Rose moaned. The tremor of desire that had gone through her when Charlie touched her breast was marvelous! "I want you, now!"

He dropped the hand from her stomach lower, pulling her dress up over it and cupping her pussy. .... One finger slipping through the slickness of her outer lips to massage her erect clitoris. Rose felt her passion growing and closed her eyes.

Charlie turned the pair of them toward the center of the room. Rose felt a soft hand on her face and opened her eyes. Betty was standing in front of her. While Rose watched, Betty pulled her dress over her head and dropped it on a chair. She stepped up to Rose, cradled her face in her hands and kissed her gently but passionately on the lips.

Rose reached out to Betty and pulled her closer, making a sandwich of herself between the couple. The feel of Betty's breasts pressing against her own was different, but wildly exciting. She returned Betty's kiss .... but without the gentleness. Her kiss was demanding, urgent. 

She broke away, took Betty's hand in her left, Charlie's in her right and led the couple to the bedroom.

When they reached the room, Rose motioned for Charlie to lie down. He did, while Rose all but tore her dress off her body to join the pair already naked. She practically ran to the bed and collapsed next to Charlie. She took his balls in her hand and squeezed softly, getting a groan of pleasure from Charlie as her reward. 

She slowly kissed her way down his body, beginning at his ears and working in small steps toward her eventual goal... pausing for some time at his nipples to gently bite and suck them..

When she resumed her journey downward, she saw that Betty had already claimed her prize. The other woman was licking the head of Charlie's dick as if it were a Popsicle on a hot day. That looked like fun to Rose ... she joined in the game, licking in alternate rhythm with Betty. Betty reached across Charlie's body and caressed Rose's breast, rolling the nipple between her thumb and forefinger. They kissed.... around the head of Charlie's cock. Their lips hungrily searched for each other, tongues reaching out to touch along the underside of the head of the cock.

Betty shifted slightly and took the head of Charlie's cock into her mouth. She slowly slid down the length of it until her lips rested at its base. Rose couldn't believe that the other woman could take the full length of that tool down her throat. Betty came quickly back up the shaft, paused briefly to suck just the head, then let the dick fall out of her mouth with a small 'plop'.

Rose needed no further invitation. She sucked up the now free cock, capturing it with her lips. .... She held it behind the head with her lips and vigorously licked the tender underside of the head ... then slid down the shaft and back up....giving it another quick lick before letting it escape.

It did not take too much of this kind of attention to excite Charlie beyond his capacity to withstand..... he felt his balls contract ... his cock jerked and spasmed, pumping his load up and out. The first spurt hit Rose in the face as she was getting ready for her turn at Charlie .... The rest she caught in her mouth and throat as she engulfed the throbbing rod and held it deep in her mouth. 

When Charlie had finished cumming, Rose pulled her head up and away from his spent cock. Betty met her as she lifted her face, licking the strands of cum from Rose's cheeks, then kissing her deeply. Charlie collapsed, exhausted, to the bed.

Rose had never been kissed in passion by a woman before. Had never thought much about it, really. It was wonderful. Different, softer, more knowing in a way, than being kissed by a man. Betty pushed Rose to her back and kissed her breasts. Her hand wandered down Rose's body toward her hot and dripping pussy. .... And began to slowly, gently masturbate her. Rose's muscles began to twitch involuntarily... it felt SO good!

Betty straddled Rose's recumbent form and bent toward her. ... She split Rose's outer lips with her tongue and worked erotic magic on her clitoris. Rose was ecstatic. She reached for the other woman's hips and pulled them downward, tasting for the first time the nectar of another woman's pussy. She mimicked the actions of Betty's tongue and was soon rewarded by a moan from the other woman....and by a pussy being pressed into her face as Betty reached her orgasm with a massive shudder.... Rose quickly followed suit, screaming her release into the other woman's cunt.

By this time Charlie had recovered somewhat. Betty rolled off Rose, and Charlie replaced her. He mounted her quickly, then began to fuck her in long, slow, powerful strokes. Having already cum once, Charlie was primed to go for the long haul. ... it was going to be a long, wonderful night for Rose.

When Rose had cum once more, Charlie pulled his dick from her pussy and rolled her to her stomach. She needed little encouragement to get to her knees, and he once again mounted her, pounding his dick deep into her pussy, his balls slamming against her with every stroke. Not wanting to be left out, Betty slid beneath her and kissed her breasts, alternating left to right .... Licking and sucking the nipples.... All while playing with Rose's pussy around the thrusts of Charlie's cock.

Rose thought that she had died and gone to heaven. ... Or that she must be dreaming. Such crashingly violent orgasms could not possibly be real! But the tastes and sounds and smells of hot sex surrounded her...it must be real, even though it was too good to be true. She came again ... the passion thundering through her body in great waves.

Charlie withdrew from her and began fucking Betty. Rose watched for a while as the couple fucked like wild animals. Betty came, screaming and clawing at Charlie's back. He stayed inside her, continuing his deep slow rhythm, but lifted his body away from her. Rose leaned over and kissed the woman, then went to her breasts to lick and suck and kiss until Betty came again.

This time it was enough for Charlie .... He too came in Betty's pussy .... Then the three of them collapsed in exhaustion. They held each other and exchanged light kisses, then drifted off, one at a time into their private dreams.....