 This story contains m/m, and m/f sex. If either of these types of activities offends you, please stop reading now.

Disclaimer: The characters in this story are entirely fictional, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. The following story involves graphic descriptions of sexual encounters. If such things offend you, please read no further. For everyone else, I hope you enjoy the story. Please do not redistribute or reuse this story without the author's consent.

This is a continuation of a series of stories that includes "Under the Mistletoe," "And A Happy New Year," and "Spring Break."

* * * * *

"Sure . . . Yeah, I'll talk to him." Vic wasn't sure which was worse: getting a cell phone or telling his parents what the number was. They had a tendency to call at the most awkward moments. Such as this one. Vic and the gang had gone up to watch the girl's volleyball team practice at the college stadium. Vic had a thing for nice asses in tight uniforms, and he had gotten hard. So had Jack, his bisexual lover. He and Jack had been as close as could be since that fateful Christmas Eve that their friendship had evolved into something far more physical. While Vic was the prototypical football quarterback, complete with a solidly muscular body, blonde hair and blue eyes, Vic was a beautiful Goth man. Long, silky black hair, a face that was almost pretty, and a perfectly smooth, muscular body adorned by one of the most beautiful dicks Vic had ever seen. 

At that moment, Jack's beautiful dick was firmly in his hand as Vic ploughed his ass with tremendous fervor. The two young men had both gotten so excited watching the practice that they needed to release steam and didn't want to wait. Since an unfortunately few number of people show up to the regular games and almost no one ever showed up to watch practice, the two of them had found an abandoned men's bathroom on the upper tier of the stadium. The door had barely close behind them when Jack had pulled his pants down and grabbed a double handful of counter. Vic had gone to an adult bookstore and found lubricant in small, one-shot twist-top-containers that he kept around for occasions just like this. Jack helped pull Vic's zipper down and fondled his friend's cock while Vic opened the lube and spread it generously on his own member. Jack turned back around and Vic wasted no more time in entering that cute little butt. It was shortly thereafter that his mother had called. Jack encouraged him to answer it, mostly because he loved the "naughtiness" of fucking their all-American son while he talked to them.

This particular phone call was about Vic's brother Wes, who had recently come to visit. Wes was now one of the only people outside of Vic's close circle of sexual partners that knew of Vic's tendencies. Wes, while slightly taken aback, had been cool about everything. He and Jack even got along, though Wes kept looking around to see if the dark-haired god was checking out his ass. Wes had apparently been busy in his own right. His brother was a good-looking guy, which everyone but Wes seemed to know. But recently, he had come out of his shell, having sexual encounters with two swimmers, a librarian (who was the wife of the university president) and a stripper. It was this last lady who Wes was apparently seeing on a regular basis now, and his parents were furious.

"You've got to talk some sense into him! She's no good for him! And she has a child! He isn't ready to be a father, much less to the spawn of a glorified hooker!" 

Vic sighed as he continued thrusting in and out of Jack's ass. They had no idea what Wes was capable of. They treated him like a backup son, only to be used in case their favored son broke down. Wait until they found out . . . Still, this wasn't the time, and he really wanted to get her off the phone. "Mom, I'll talk to him."

"Thanks darling! You're the only one he listens to anymore! I wish he could be more like you."

Vic tried really hard not to laugh. He hung up the phone, grabbed both of Jack's hips, and went to town.

"Your brother?" Jack grunted in obvious pleasure.

"Yep. They want me to talk to him and to be a good influence on him."

"Not a bad idea. Fuck me a little harder, please?" 

Vic was more than happy to oblige. He grabbed one of Jack's shoulders for additional leverage and went to town. Jack was always amazingly beautiful to him, even in the throes of anal intercourse. The way the fine details of his back muscles flexed under his skin and the way he smelled when he was sweating turned Vic on. And his tight buns had a death-lock on the intruder, clamping down on it and threatening to never let go. Vic was worried that a casual passerby might hear the slapping of balls-on-butt, but no one poked their heads in. That was good, because Vic felt the pressure building and wasn't inclined to stop. He pulled out and a stream of jizz erupted onto Jack's pale ass cheeks. Vic's body twitched a couple of times as his entire load squirted onto those glorious buns. After he was done, he leaned over and licked off the biggest gobs, savoring the combination of cum and sweat.

"Oh fuck!" groaned Jack. "Buddy, I'm . . ."

Vic quickly spun his friend around and engulfed the head of his dick in his mouth, just as the first salty wave spurted out. Vic loved this part. He had been practicing his oral skills with the help of their friend Dawn, and he had become quite proficient. He was able to swallow almost all of Jack's load, though a bit did trickle out of the corners of his mouth. Even after Jack's gun was empty, Vic sucked gently at it and fondled his heavy sack.

"Dude, you are incredible!"

"Thanks. I aim to please. Well, I guess we'd better get back to the others."

The 'others' consisted of their friends Dawn, Angela, and Randy. These three other members of his and Jack's sexual-support group. Dawn was a slight girl, but she made up for her size with an intense sexual appetite. She was a third generation Irish-American, complete with red hair, freckles, and one hell of a temper. She was a woman of few words, but what she had to say meant a lot to him. Besides Jack, she was the closest friend he could claim to have in the world.

Angela was an ebony goddess, dark of skin and full in figure. She had a figure with all the right curves in all the right places, and the pre-law student was as intelligent as she was beautiful.

Randy was the newest addition to the group. He was a black baseball player for the college team, and had a sculpted physique. He had been working as a delivery guy for a major company, which had been what brought him to the gang's doorstep, and his ten-inch dick had made him a very popular addition to the group.

It was Randy that had suggested pursuing a volleyball player named Kim, hence the group trip to the arena. Randy had met her before and said she was hot. And the group had agreed. She was a girl of oriental descent. She was well muscled and no semblance of body-fat beside her small but perky breasts. Randy said her face was smooth and she had mischievous eyes, but they couldn't tell from their seats.

After Vic and Jack rejoined the group, they were the recipients of playful jabs. Their little 'excursion' didn't fool anyone. Randy was discussing the plans for the evening. Apparently Kim (the volleyball player in question) made ends meet by working at a local strip joint. Randy knew the doorman, so he convinced them they could get inside even though they weren't all 21 years old. Vic wasn't as excited by it all. Something had been weighing on his mind for a few weeks, and he wasn't sure what to do about it.

He was a bit quiet for the rest of the day, even as they were all getting ready for a night on the town. Jack seemed to notice something was amiss, but Vic wasn't ready to talk about it. 

They got to the club, which was called simply 'Desire' and true to his word, Randy got them all inside. They set up residence in a back corner that wasn't particularly well lit. They watched as the girls paraded up on the three stages and as they mingled with the crowd looking for those who wanted lap-dances. Finally, someone spotted Kim. She had been called up onto stage and she started to move. The group was awestruck. A lot of the girls just went up and jiggled or moved around clumsily in an attempt to look erotic. Kim could dance! She had a sensual air about her as she maneuvered around the small platform. By the time she was done, she was getting the loudest applause of the night, and more than a few guys were hoping she would come their way when she was finished.

The gang talked amongst themselves for a while, but eventually Kim made and appearance. She gave Randy a friendly hug, and he introduced her to the rest of them. She was as pretty as Randy had claimed. She insisted on dancing for each of them, free of charge. She had already earned a good amount of money, so she wasn't too concerned. She started off with Dawn, who was actually blushing. Apparently, Kim was one of those girls who expected to be fondled during these things, and she actually placed Dawn's hands on that muscular little ass. She ground her crotch against Dawn's, and appeared to be breathing heavily into her ear. Dawn enjoyed the feeling, using her two handfuls of Kim's butt cheeks to draw the dancer closer. Kim's hand snaked between their two bodies. Vic saw Dawn's skirt move upward a bit and then her eyes opened in pleasant surprise. He could only imagine what was going on, but both girls were gyrating their hips hard against each other. Kim lightly bit Dawn's bottom lip as she started to gasp. Damn this girl was good! Vic could recognize Dawn's orgasm-face a mile away, and he was looking at it right then. And it had only taken Kim one song. As the beat died down, Kim slid down the other girl's body, pulling her skirt back into place at the same time. Very clever!

Angela was next, and she got very much the same treatment. Normally the client would pay a lot of attention to the dancer's boobs, but the situation seemed to have reversed itself. Kim planted kisses on Angela's skin and buried her face in the dark girl's cleavage. They ran hands over each other's bodies as Kim bumped and ground as if her life depended on it. Then the song ended, and Kim (reluctantly) moved on. She found herself on Jack's lap. Vic couldn't tell for sure, but Jack had kind of an unusual look on his face that he couldn't quite decipher. Kim seemed genuinely impressed by the stiffy in Jack's pants. She spent a lot of time sitting on his lap and crushing it between her muscular ass-cheeks. Then she was on to Randy, in more ways than one. The way the two of them interacted, Vic got the feeling this wasn't a new situation for the twosome. He saw Kim pulling Randy's zipper down and sliding her hand into his shorts. She had a devilish grin on her face as she jerked him off a few times then stood up to dance a few feet in front of him. As soon as her body was off of his, the other two girls sent their hands into the opening left behind, taking turns stroking Randy's mammoth meat. Vic realized it would be his turn to get a dance next. But when the song began to fade, he excused himself under the premise of going to the bathroom. But when he got out of sight, he told the lady at the front that he was stepping outside for some air, and he walked out the front door.

For about ten minutes, he sat on the trunk of his car while savoring the cool night air. He wasn't sure what was bothering him, but he knew he needed to get away from the noise. He heard the background noise increase for a moment, as someone went in or came out. Then he heard footsteps approaching from behind him, and then he heard a soft, familiar Irish accent.

"Either you have a really bad sense of direction," said Dawn, pulling up a seat beside him on the trunk of the car, "or you didn't need to use the bathroom after all."

"Actually I did. Be careful where you step."

"Cute. In a disgusting sort of way. So what's the matter? And don't say 'nothing' because I know you better."

"I can't . . . I can't figure it out precisely. I know I should be all excited. I mean, Kim is hot and quite apparently willing, but . . ."

"The bloom is off the rose."

"Hunh?" Vic was quite genuinely confused now. The problem with one of your best friends being a psychology major was that they tend to confuse you when they're trying to be helpful.

"What was it, about seven months ago you were hiding your feelings and your identity from everyone including yourself. Then you meet Jack and me and Jack and Angela and . . ."

". . . and Jack. I got that point."

Dawn grinned ear to ear. She was so cute when she was playing coy. "Well all of a sudden you don't have to hide anymore and you don't have to pretend. You were like a kid in a candy store. You could do what you wanted and you knew you would be accepted. But maybe the party lifestyle isn't for you."

"But it's been so much fun! And . . ."

"I know. I've been feeling it too. I was hiding from the world just as much as you were, and the sense of freedom when the four of us hooked up last Christmas was intoxicating. But think about . . . well, about taking a drug. You do it, you get high, and when you come down, everything else seems boring. That boredom is scary to some people. Things become problematic when you keep doing it just to escape the boredom. You have two options. Keep doing it, or face the possibility that being with just one person isn't going to be enough."

Vic wasn't even phased by the thought. "I don't mind that idea at all. I've never been adverse to the idea of the nice house, the nice job, the two cars and the white picket fence. But instead of Sally Whitebread sharing it, I'm seeing a gorgeous guy in black leather with a beautiful, big dick, and I picture waking up next to him and calling that normal."

"So, maybe you HAVE figured out what is wrong all on your own." 

He grinned at her. This is why they were friends. "What about you and Angela?"

She rolled her eyes skyward a bit with a look on contemplation on her adorable face. "We'll be friends, but I don't see her as being 'the one' for me. We've already talked about it. She's leaving for law school next year, I'll be staying here; probably trying to get into the grad school. We're both all right with it. We're going to enjoy each other while we can, though."

"I wish things were different. You know, that you two . . ."

"I don't. We got together, we were honest with each other. Can't ask for much more than that. But I see you and Jack together . . . Hell, you two have more in common by way of attitudes than even you could guess. I want something like that, and I don't mind waiting a bit for it." 

They sat in silence for a bit. Finally Dawn broke it with, "Oh, before I forget. Could I rent your spare bedroom? I really don't want to live in the dorms anymore, and I think I may have a job with the police as a dispatcher. I m . . . What are you laughing at."

Vic's head was buried in his hands. "I'm sorry," he gasped finally. "You might have a job where all you do is talk? It took us forever to get a complete sentence out of you!"

She was smiling as she punched him in the arm. Hard. 

"But," he continued, "I'm probably going to be giving up that apartment."

"Why?"

"It's a bit pricey. I'm paid up until the next semester starts, so I need to find a job of my own. I have a good feeling that the Parent Rent Fund is going to dry up when I tell them about Jack."

Her eyes widened. "And when is that going to be?"

"When I get home. They're always up late on Fridays because of some high-class social event."

"Damn. Does Jack know you're . . ."

"Nope. This is something I need to do for myself. Anyway, do you think you could get Randy to drive you guys home? I should go do this before I chicken out."

Dawn leaned in and kissed him. "You won't chicken out. You're stronger than that. But despite your tendencies toward monogamy," she said with a wicked grin while she hike up her skirt until it was at her hips, "how about one more thrill for the road?"

"Damn girl," he said warmly, "you are an insatiable little vixen!" He unzipped his pants and let them slide past his ass. Neither of them cared that they were in a public parking lot. It was dark and they were in a remote part of the lot. Vic pushed her still-soaking panties aside and slipped into her. There was no real need for foreplay or additional banter. And there was no rush. She clung to him closely, resting her head on his chest as he slid all eight inches into her over and over again. They would occasionally kiss, but this was just to take comfort in each other. She wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist. He stood up, and he became the only thing supporting her. He started fucking her a little more rapidly, cupping the pale skin of her ass to help support her. She was clenching down on him for all she was worth, and the pressure became too much very quickly.

"I'm cumming," he whispered into her ear.

"Stay inside me. This time." 

He did as she asked, letting his load loose inside her. Her pussy sucked at his expired member, draining it of all its contents. Finally, he eased her back onto the trunk of his car. They stayed locked until his cock had almost completely shrunk. He zipped up, and she pulled her skirt back down, and she walked with him to the driver's side of the vehicle.

"Oh, if you're interested, I'm going to go apartment hunting on Monday. If you wanna be roommates, it'd be cool if you went along."

"Works for me," she said dreamily. "Now go make your call. What should I tell the others?"

"Tell 'em I wasn't feeling up to it tonight and went home. That's pretty much the truth."

"See ya."

And with that, he was off. He got home, got undressed and went and lay on the bed. 'This is it,' he thought. 'After this, there is no going back. The whole homestead will have heard about it by the end of next week. Then, I'll have to tell the coach, which will probably get me kicked off the team.' Thinking these things didn't have the effect he had expected them to. It actually made him more comfortable with what he was going to do. He was going to be free at last. He dialed the number and the phone rang a few times. When his mother picked it up, she sounded a bit tipsy.

"Hey there! How's my boy? It's awful late out there isn't it? What's kept you late so up . . . I mean, what's kept you up so late?"

"Well . . ."

"Oh!" she interrupted. "Did you talk to your brother? Did you talk some sense into him? It's embarrassing the way he's carrying about with that . . . that jezebel of his. And he doesn't even have the sense of mind to be discrete, and . . ."

"Mom," he said a bit testily. He was pissed at how his folks were treating his brother. Wes was happy with his new girlfriend. Well, Vic was going to give them something else to think about. "You know how I told you I would make sure you wouldn't have to concern yourself with Wes anymore?"

"Yes, because you're the good one and . . ."

"Mom, I'm gay."

Silence. Technically, he was bisexual, but he didn't want them to think that there was a chance he was just curious and was suddenly going to go back to being straight."

"Vic," his mother stammered, "that isn't funny. I've had a bit to drink and . . ."

"I'm not joking. I've known for a long time, but I wasn't willing to do anything about it because I was afraid. I was afraid of what people might think and what you guys might do."

"Vic, think about what . . ."

"I have thought about it. I know this means you and dad will probably never speak to me again and that I'll probably lose my scholarship, but I'm actually happy. I've never been happy like this before."
