 The winter had gone by quickly because I had been so busy. I worked all day long every weekday, and on the weekends I worked on the wonderful little 'fish camp' at the river that sweet Connie had gifted to me. It was only twenty minutes from the city, so it was easy to shoot out there whenever I had some free time. I was so busy I didn't take on any new customers — I just kept my core favorites going whenever they called with a job. But the majority of the winter's work was renovating Connie's big house room by room, and building Lindsey's playroom.

Lindsey spared no expense to make the ultimate orgy room, and it turned out fantastic. With the music on, the LED lighting shifting colors slowly, and the spectacular mural and other art work bathed in soft light, it was a long way from the two mattresses on the floor of her home gym where she had her first group sex experience. Her new playroom was truly special, and I knew there would be many memorable nights there in the future.

Lindsey loved surprises, and hadn't even seen the room finished. Carol and I hung the art work and put the finishing touches on things so Lindsey could walk in with her first guests and see the big mural for the first time when they all did. The day of the big event Carol met me there early and we made up the 19 feet of wall to wall bed with satin sheets, arranged about twenty pillows around the perimeter of it under the mural, stocked the refrigerator and wet bar, set-up a nice playlist of music, and did a final clean-up. Lindsey also had us arrange condoms, lubricants, and Viagra in clear glass containers on top of the bar. We closed the door behind us and took an excited Lindsey out for a light dinner.

Lindsey had requested everyone wear there finest lingerie for the big event, so when we got back from the restaurant the three of us showered and changed, and soon after the guests arrived. Lindsey greeted them at the door wearing the same disco era see-thru cover-up she had on when I first met her, the black one with the lime-green fur trim. I was wide open down the front, and under it she had on a spectacular set of lingerie made out of see-thru lime-green lace — bra, crotchless panties, garter belt and shear stockings. Her Marilyn Monroe like voluptuousness was barely contained, and she looked stunning. Just before the guest's arrived she delighted in showing me the quick release velcro on the sides of her panties. "You can rip them right off of me if you're so inclined," she said with wild eyes, although being crotchless, with her pussy lips in full view, I'm not sure that would be entirely necessary.

The guest list was large — she wanted the first party in the playroom to be a wild one with lot's of action and all age groups represented. Besides Carol and I, the guests included Julia, Connie, Liz, Barb and Ed, Chloe and Bobby, Greta, and a big handsome graduate student from Senegal she was dating named Abdou. When Lindsey was making up the guest list she was hoping for more men, so Carol suggested Tyler, the student from the art class who was chatting up Julia after I fucked her brains out on stage. She contacted him and he eagerly accepted. Lindsey encouraged me to invite a friend, so I called my buddy Mark. He's a good looking guy I knew the ladies would like, and he's single at the moment.

As folks arrived they stripped down to their sexy undies, and I tended the kitchen bar to get things started. We all mingled until everyone had arrived and had a drink, and then Lindsey directed us downstairs. There was great anticipation in the air as we all descended the wide staircase, and I called Lindsey to the head of the line and threw open the door to the playroom. A slow dance groove throbbed out of the sound system, and she gasped with delight when she saw Carol's masterpiece on the big wall in front of her. In fact every one gasped with delight as they made their way in, and the room was buzzing with energy. When Carol came in Lindsey broke her mesmerized gaze from the mural and embraced her.

"It's unbelievable!" Lindsey said in Carol's ear, and she had to wipe away a few tears. The two of them stood there for a few moments, arm in arm, taking it all in.

"Speech!" Liz yelled. "Speech!"

Lindsey looked overwhelmed. "Stand up here so everyone can see you," I said. She took off her high heels, I helped her up onto the giant bed, and I went to the bar to turn down the music.

"Wow!" she said quietly, shaking her head. "This is so much more than I expected." She wiped away another tear, gathered her thoughts, and spoke up. "When a woman gets divorced in her forties, or doesn't have a man later in life, it's easy for her to think her sex life is over. I certainly felt that way. And then Steve came along." She paused and looked around. "Yup, I see some nodding heads among you ladies out there. You girls already know about this incredible man, but some of you don't. Come here Steve," she said, reaching out for me to join her. I stepped up on the bed next to her in my skimpy purple and red silk briefs, kissed her cheek and put my arm around her waist. "This man," she continued, "was sent from heaven to bring happiness to women like us. I'd hate to think of my life without him... ANY of our lives without him. What he's done for me is very much like what he did for this room. With his loving touch, he transformed me — and this room — into something alive and exciting, something that exists in a completely new and exiting way, something with a new purpose, a new reason for being. Thank you Steve... thank you." She kissed me and the room erupted in applause.

"Carol, come on up here with us," Lindsey said. Carol stepped up the other side of Lindsey, wearing a dark red lace teddy with a V-neck that plunged below her belly button. "I haven't known Carol long, but she's become a dear friend. She painted this un-fucking-believable mural behind us." Applause and whistles filled the room. "Some of us had lot's of fun modeling for it, didn't we? You all can try to figure out who's who if you want, but I think it'd be more fun to just re-create it here on this big bed. There's toys and handcuffs and stuff in the closet — help yourselves. Now, let's do what these bodies were built to do — LET'S HAVE SOME SEX!" she yelled. Everyone cheered, and the party was on.

Not surprisingly, Liz tumbled onto the giant bed before we'd even stepped down. She pulled Greta and her big boyfriend Abdou down with her, and Abdou's big black cock was the first to appear. It quickly disappeared in Liz's mouth. I noticed my friend Mark by the bar looking rather alone and unsure of everything, so I went over and played bartender and chatted with him.

"You gotta be the luckiest son-of-a-bitch in the world," he said to me, shaking his head.

"No luck, just Karma man. 'Do unto others' and all that," I said, smiling. "Have another drink buddy. This is gonna be a night you won't ever forget." I poured two glasses of expensive old single malt scotch and clicked glasses with him. Chloe wandered over to join in our conversation. 

"Chloe, do you remember my friend Mark?" I asked.

"Sure, at the club a few months ago, right? Nice to see you again Mark," she said, and she gave him a nice soft kiss on the mouth. Chloe, as usual, looked mind-meltingly hot. Her long red hair and pale skin were set off to perfection with a wild black fishnet and fringe outfit. I guess you'd call it a teddy, but it was an unconventional one. Her incredible body was basically on full display, with just a little ornamentation, and Mark was speechless.

"Looks like you've stunned him to silence with your beauty Chloe," I said. Chloe giggled, and did what every guy dreams a sexy girl would do in that situation — she squatted in front of him, pulled down his bright red briefs and gave him a first class blow-job. I patted him on the back as I left them. "A night you won't ever forget buddy. We're just gettin' started."

"He's cute! Where you been hiding him?" Julia said as she passed me, heading their way. Moments later Mark was on his back on the big bed with Julia sucking his cock and Chloe grinding her pussy into his moaning mouth.

I wanted my first sexual experience in the new room to be with Lindsey, and I was glad to see she was still mingling, talking to Barb and Ed. I tapped Ed on the shoulder. "May I cut in?" I said, and I took Lindsey's hand.

"Oh Steve, it's all so wonderful, I can't even begin to put it into words," she said.

"Well, your speech was pretty great. Thanks for all the kind words." I said, and I kissed her. "Care to join me on the big bed?"

"Let's dim the lights, and turn up the music a bit," she said.

The light's were all pre-programed, so all she had to do was push one button and they slowly dimmed to a color swirling glow. The music was easy to operate too, and it sounded awesome, better than any stereo I've ever heard. I don't know which it was, the softly swirling colorful lights or the louder music, but it was like a signal and suddenly sex was happening everywhere we looked. 

"I think I've died and gone to heaven," Lindsey said quietly.

I took her hand and led her onto the big bed. We stepped between naked and semi naked bodies and found an open spot in the back corner. I wanted to ravage Lindsey while she was standing, so she could look out over everything that was happening in her wonderful new playroom. I knelt in front of her and licked her pussy through her crotchless panties. She moaned and staggered back into the corner for support, holding my head in her hands. I tore at her panties and the velcro gave way with a loud "Rrrriiippp', and I dove in even deeper with my tongue.

"Oh fuck! Make me cum!" Lindsey cried. She popped off her bra, tossed it aside and her hands cupped her big tits.

Her moaning was mingling with all he others in the room. It was a fascinating chorus — I had made all of these women cum numerous times and I recognized all the sounds I was hearing. It was like some kind of amazing dream to hear them all at the same time — something I won't soon forget.

Lindsey shrieked and shuddered with her first orgasm, and before it ended I quickly stood behind her and bent her slightly so I could slide my cock up into her. She gasped and moaned, and I fucked her standing up, both of us able to see all the carnal bliss spread out before us. Liz was on her back under big Abdou, looking like she had just discovered the secret to happiness. Greta had Bobbie's long ten-incher in her mouth, and I may have been hallucinating but it looked like she swallowed the whole thing at one point. The look on his face and the loud groan seemed to confirm it, but holy cow — is that even possible? Mark was fucking sweet Chloe from behind while Julia came hard from Chloe's increasingly talented tongue. Connie was riding young Tyler while Barbs pussy hovered over his mouth, and Ed was thrusting into Barb's mouth. There wasn't a person in the room who wasn't involved in some form of licking, sucking or fucking, and moans and shrieks and screams were breaking out everywhere. One orgasm seemed trigger another one nearby, and they cascaded around the room. 

"Oh Fuck Steve!" Lindsey cried quietly as I fucked her. "I can't take it, this is too fucking much!"

I slid a hand from her tits down her belly to her clit, and she exploded in a violent orgasm. I had to hold tight to her hips to keep her from flying off of my thrusting cock. She yelled something incoherent at the top of her lungs with her head thrown back on my shoulder, and her body spasmed violently. As her body quieted down, I held her tight against me and caressed her beautiful tits. A smattering of applause broke out among those who watched her beautiful orgasm, and she giggled. Her giggles grew into laughter that spread throughout the room. Lindsey turned to embrace me, with tears in her eyes.

"The best day of my life," she said, and she kissed me hard.