 "What the hell's doggin?" I asked.

"It's having sex in a public place, usually a car." Rick explained.

My husband was trying to get me interested in this newest fad that had spread over here from Britain. Apparently doggin was all the rage over there with wives getting fucked left, right and center in some lovers' lane on the weekends.

"Who does the fucking?" I asked.

Rick explained it was sort of a casual orgy with whoever showed up joining in the fun. A time and place was posted on a bulletin board and whoever turned out got fucked.

It was not like I was a goody-goody. Rick and I had enjoyed a few good threesomes, some with another gal and some with a guy. There was even that time I had gangabang six of his buddies! 

"Do you want to try it?" he asked.

I knew once got an idea in his head the easiest thing to do was to agree or he would just keep bugging me until I did.

"I fuck whoever shows up?" I asked.

"That's right!"

It sounded interesting, "You got a deal!"

Rick went on a local Internet forum that "Doggers" in out area communicated. The number of participants there were in this unusual sport so close to us surprised me. Men, women, old and young, they were all there. Doggin was going on all around us all the time and looking for fresh meat.

Rick signed us in as "Wifeneedsfucking" and we were hit by a ton of guys in minutes. I was about to become a Dogger!

The Hermitage is a dogger's paradise. It is the remains of a nineteenth century stone water mill on Grindstone Creek in the township. Buried in the depths of Calder's Woods it is desolated in darkness at night. The Hermitage is maintained as a historical site and there is an unwritten agreement that it is "doggin friendly" during the evenings. In return for not littering with used condoms or empty booze bottles doggers are allowed to pursue their activities undisturbed.

On more than one occasion His Worship Mayor Jarvis's car has been seen rocking at the hermitage as Mrs. Jarvis "meets" her husband's constituents!

The Hermitage was to be the location of my introduction to doggin.

We had an ideal vehicle for doggin. Rick removed the rear seat from out 96 Caravan and rolled a camping mattress out in the back.

Rick posted the description and license number on the bulletin board along with an invitation to fuck his wife. I was to be available after 9 pm Friday night.

As it was to be a nighttime adventure and the lighting would not be too good I did not feel the need to be too beautiful. The guys would be coming to get their dicks wet, not to judge a beauty contest! I just threw on a summer dress without any underwear. 

It was dusk when we pulled into the gravel parking lot at the Heritage. There were already half a dozen vehicles there and perhaps 20 people standing around drinking beer. 

There were only two other females, a woman who appeared to be in her fifties and a very young looking blonde. They greeted us warmly with the prospect of partying as the night progressed. 

Quick introductions ensued and the joking about what a good time we were going to have. The blonde's name was Cindy and she was the young girlfriend of one of the young guys. The older woman was Rita, a veteran at doggin and looking to get rode fast and hard by whomever wanted to mount her.

Rick introduced me to the guys saying I was available to anyone who wanted me.

After a couple of beers I got into the back of our van and removed my dress. Ross, a thirty-something goofy looking guy with a rigid hard on, followed me.

Naked I took the doggy position on the mattress. Ross positioned himself behind me and I felt his hands on my bare ass as his cockhead sought the entrance to my pussy. As his helmet penetrated my wetness his hard cock slid smoothly into me.

It was a strange circumstance, here a guy I had never seen before a half hour ago was sliding his cock into me and I was accepting it. There was no love or emotion, just a matter-of-fact participation in sex.

"How does that feel Baby?" Ross moaned, his cock sunk into me up to his balls.

"Good!" I answered as my cervix wall tightened around his meat.

Ross was good; he had a nice size cock and a good rhythm to get me hot. My ass rocked back and forth to meet his plunging cock as I worked on my orgasm.

"Oh yes, I'm going to come!" I whimpered as I felt my orgasm blossoming deep inside of me.

Ross answered with harder, deeper plunges into my ready to burst pussy.

"Oh my God!" I cried as I had my first climax of the night. 

As Ross withdrew his spent cock from my drenched pussy I felt someone else taking his place. I looked back over my shoulder as another hard cock slid easily into my freshly fucked pussy.

"Hello little lady" the stranger said.

It was the guy who had introduced himself as Charlie. Charlie was a pudgy guy about late forties or early fifties. He had salt and pepper hair and was freshly shaven. His Old Spice aftershave filled the air as his cock filled my cunt.

"Ride me Charlie!" I said as I pushed my wet hole back onto his stiff cock.

Charlie's cock was fat rather than long as he stretched me to form a tight envelope around his fuck stick. The girth of his dick turned me on as my ass began to gyrate in a circular motion as if I were grinding his cock in my own personal cock grinder.

"Oh yea baby!" Charlie moaned gripping my ass tightly as he drilled me with his chubby cock.

I enjoyed another orgasm as Charlie's jism spilled into me. 

Just as Charlie was finishing dumping in me I heard the motorcycles entering he parking lot. Looking out the open sliding door I saw six bikers dismounting their rides and walking towards the van.

"Well, what have we got here?" their leader said peering in the open door at my naked ass. "Looks like the lady wants fucking!" he said to his mates.

Charlie had abandoned me leaving me to deal with the new arrivals. It was not going to be one on one, they were gong to gang rape me. I knew Rick would be busy getting his dick wet in one of the other cars oblivious of what was about to happen in out van. 

"O.K. Mama." The greaser said as he begin unfastening his oil stained trousers,

His buddies circled in around him to join in the action.

I felt a little insulted being called "Mama", although I was older than the biker I was no way old enough to be his mother.

In a matter of minutes I was looking at several erections, all pointed in my direction.

The leader of the pack took me first. I lay on my back on the floor of the van as he climbed aboard my naked body. Lowering the weight of his body onto me he drove the entire length of his cock into my wet pussy. I gasped just as another cock slapped me across my face.

Within minutes I had two cocks in me, my pussy was being pounded and a huge chunk of cockmeat filled my mouth. I sucked that cock like a cock starved whore as the other cock primed my pussy with deep plunges sloshing in the mess of cum left by its predecessors. My cunt was so soaked sucking noises escaped as the biker's cock slid in and out.

I tried to cry out in ecstasy but the cock in my mouth only forced its way deeper into my throat. 

It wasn't long before another cock was competing for the use of my mouth. I found myself alternating from one cock to the other while biker #1 was pounding my pussy.

Once again the jism began to flow, first I felt my pussy being filled with hot sticky fluid and then the cream began to flood my mouth. I moaned with pleasure as I took their sperm like a greedy bitch.

For the next hour I was the bikers' bitch, the others left me to entertain them. Six cocks paraded into my pussy, ass and mouth spewing creamy jism into my greedy holes. They took sport in seeing how many of their cocks they could get into me at the same time, three, four, maybe five?

I heard the bikes roar out of the parking lot as a couple of faceless fucks played in the mess left by the bikers.

Rick eventually showed up after having ridden all the available talent.

"Did you have a good time?" he asked.

"We are coming back tomorrow night!" I smiled.