 I got a telephone call from Anna one lazy Saturday afternoon. At first I couldn't place her, until she mentioned a certain party she had hosted, a CFNM party that had set a new standard in my sexual adventures.

This woman was not only gorgeous and rich, but she was completely open to passion and all varieties of pleasure. This I knew because my older lover, Eva, had given me a complete rundown on what she had learned about Anna over the past few years. And Eva knew of what she spoke as my experience had often confirmed. Eva was a spectacular lover and when she 'approved' of another woman, I knew to be ready for some awesome sex.

Eva was about 50 when I was in my early 20s, when this little event took place. Anna was about 10 years younger, but I couldn't be sure because she had the kind of tight body that came with good diet and energetic workouts (yoga and stuff, not just sex).

The call from Anna was to invite me to a special night once again at her home. She wouldn't tell me much, but did have one peculiar request: "Can you make sure not to ejaculate for at least 24 hours before you come over?"

Odd as that was, I figured I could hold off for a day... but not much longer. I had a date in a few days with Kati, my hot young lover with the amazing tits, and Eva's granddaughter.

Still, I made the promise to Anna, even when she wouldn't give me any clue about the why. All I was sure of is that I would be cumming that night.

What I did not know was that I was not the only guest for Anna's party. She had invited the three other men who'd worked her CFNM party, and been fucked to exhaustion. I found this out when I rode up to the house and saw the other three waiting on the patio under the big weeping willow.

We greeted each other like old friends and though we'd not connected since the party, we were all back in good form, all thinking the same thing: What was going on?

William was both the youngest and tallest among us. He was 19 and had graduated high school just the summer before, less than a year. There was Jackson back for more. He was a delightful and friendly guy who seemed to fit into the group very well. 

I was surprised in some ways to see Ray, Eva's husband. He was at least 20 years older than any of us but had proved himself as a fine cocksman. He was also a good friend that I had partied with often (first with his wife and my aunt, but that's another tale). And I was fucking his granddaughter whenever I had the chance.

Third in our group was Jackson. He'd had a great time at the party and was a good friend of Anna's. How good a friend? I had no idea, but she'd seen him naked and fucking at least the once at her party. And of course, I was there as the fourth.

William, a bit nervous like last time, asked, "Is it just the four of us, do you think?"

Jackson replied that we should just trust Anna, "After all, didn't she look after us well last time?"

All of us nodded our agreement, each of us with a little smile and a far-away look. It had been an amazing party with so many gorgeous women all ready to play with us. Some played a bit more, while others just squeezed, fondled and kissed our cocks, and our butts, and our... you get the idea.

We had been waiting together for about half an hour, chowing down on appetizers and enjoying cold beers when a maid came out to invite us into the house. This was a surprise to me at least, and did catch a questioning look from William, but we just followed her in.

Dressed in suitable 'maid' attire, not the hot, sexy kind, but the 'I work as a maid for real outfit'. Nonetheless, she was a pretty good looking woman, Japanese I thought, and about 30 years old. It was clear that she was simply helping Anna with her guests; nothing more was going to happen. That was okay, but it would have been my first time with an Asian woman. Hmmm... maybe one day.

We were led to the second floor and let into a sitting room with warm, comfortable furniture and a huge fireplace. There was a bar along one side and we helped ourselves to fresh drinks and then just waited nervously.

Each of us was working over one thought: What did Anna have in mind?

We didn't have to wait long. We heard heels clicking on hardwood then the big doors by the bar opened and Anna walked right in. She was dressed in tight workout gear, but with some sick high heels that somehow made sense. Her long legs were encased in neon-bright Lycra, stretching from the ankle to just above her trim waist. On top she had a snug-fitting shirt that left at least six inches of her tummy bare and only just covered her breasts. These were on the small side, but were shaped so perfectly as even without a bra they were tight against her frame. And nipples? What can I say about thick, nubby and chewable nipples? Exactly: they were awesome and perfectly visible through the fabric.

This was quite a casual look in comparison to her elegant silk, gloves and gown outfit from the party, but probably even hotter, at least as far as I was concerned.

It was as if the four of us had planned for this moment. We each quietly greeted our hostess, thanking her for the invitation. Compared to the nervous titter and questions from last time, this was a more mature and confident bunch.

"I am so happy to see you all again," said Anna. "I have been planning for this since the night of our party and now it's finally coming to fruition."

We said nothing, just looking at her expectantly.

"When I saw you all, in particular William and Paul whom I had not met before that night, I realized that you made up a group of perfect lovers, one that I have fantasized about for years."

Now we were really silent. Stunned, actually. But Ray got it together first, "Thank you so much Anna, that is a wonderful compliment. But how can we help you tonight?"

Smooth bastard that Ray; I was almost jealous, but he was a good friend so no problem.

"Thank you for asking that, Ray. First, let me tell you why I consider you four to be 'my' four. You all have one thing in common that you demonstrated at the party, specifically, you are all attentive to the needs of the woman that you're taking care of. I saw that each of you made sure your woman, or women sometimes, always got your best. That might mean you made sure she had cum before you gave it up. Sometimes it was just taking your time to excite her until she was ready for penetration."

"Go on," encouraged Ray.

"You're a good example, Ray. You fucked at least fifteen women during the party and each one got all of you. I still don't know how you kept it up for all that time, but I must say it impressed me."

"William, you're so young but so giving. Young enough to be my son — he's off in the military and only two months younger than you are. But unlike my son, I got to see your huge cock. At over 11 inches if I recall, it is still the longest I have ever seen. Just recalling what you did with it makes me hot."

"As for you, Paul, when Eva told me how well you'd looked after her and how many times you had fucked her to orgasm, I knew you would be a natural for my parties."

"And Jackson, you are a good friend and though we have slept together just a few times, I know how much of a fuck-beast you can be. That makes you a lock for a spot on this team."

Jackson was first to respond with the next question we all had, "What team would that be, Anna?"

"First, let me ask you each when the last time you had an orgasm. Paul, you first."

"About 30 hours now, and it's been a bit of a challenge given the anticipation I had for tonight."

"Good for you. I think you will find it was worthwhile. Ray, you?"

"Two days. Eva was out of town and I made sure I didn't jack off, but like Paul said, the anticipation's been bitch. I kept finding myself steeling up without being able to do anything about it."

Jackson was next: "Almost 20 hours — sorry but I met this new girl at the grocery store and things let to other things and she gave me a blowjob in the parking lot. We almost got caught, but what a great cocksucker she was."

He was obviously proud, but still seemed embarrassed to admit not being able to hold off.

"That's no problem, Jackson. I know you pack quite a load even if you didn't save it up for long. Now William, what about you?"

"I am happy to say I have not come for 11 days. As tough as it was, I was stuck in camp with 30 other guys, most of which don't know how to shower or wash. There's nothing erotic about that bunch, even if I were into men. And I got back the day you called me so I held off."

"That's amazing, William, thank you. Like I said, you will definitely be rewarded my young lover."

"Now, we will be getting started soon so can I get a little help? I need two of you to move some furniture: Jackson and Paul, could you slide these divans out of the way and leave the middle of the room clear? William, please slide that bench over here into the open space."

The bench she was getting moved looked exactly like the one that Ray had been reclined on to fuck all those women at the party. I was curious, "Was that bench downstairs at the party?"

"You must know your furniture, but how did you know?"

"I saw several women riding Ray on that one, and he looked pretty comfortable."

"Precisely. That's exactly why I bought it: good back support, easy to wipe down and a perfect height for a woman to offer her backside to a lover."

"I am starting to like this, I replied."

"I knew you would. As will you all."

Anna had us in total control. All we did was to stare at her, rather lecherously I saw, but that was all part of the teamwork I think. Something interesting was developing.

She stood up from her chair and made her way over to the bench. She started by leaning far over to place her forearms on the divan. Her legs were straight and long, after all, with heels this woman was six feet tall. She held her legs tightly together and worked her ass around to tease us. Changing from this position, she stood straight up and stretched just like a cat waking from yet another nap. She raised up on her toes, in her heels still, and reach both arms as high as she could reach. As she did this, the fabric of her shirt pulled up until we could just see the lower curve of her breasts, a lovely shape.

Coming back down, she slid her hands along her lean body, pressing against her breasts, lingering over her tummy, sliding down the outside of her hips and all the way back down until she was grasping her ankles. There was not an ounce of extra fat on this body and we were all privy to its glory.

Jackson moved to stand up but she held him back. "Just give me a minute there, Jackson. You'll know when I need you."

Each of us was starting to squirm in our chairs. I had already positioned my cock upwards so as to give it room to expand. I saw Jackson and Ray do the same thing, but William seemed comfortable with is growing member making a long ridge along his fairly tight pants. Sitting next to him, I could see it clearly; it was an impressive piece of meat for sure.

Anna kept up her moves, or more accurately, her fitness or yoga routine. She moved lithely between positions, first stretching one way, then the other. She would run both hands along one leg, pausing for a long time on her thigh. I saw her slide one hand along her pubic mound a few times and noticed that the fabric had darkened at her crotch. She was really liking this.

"Anna, it's wonderful to watch you in your routine. Don't stop," I said to her.

"Yea, show us what you've got," added Jackson.

And she did. This routine must have lasted a solid 20 minutes. She could move and position herself in amazing ways. No wonder men all think yoga is so hot. It's a great precursor to sex, or even just jacking ourselves off. But that wasn't why we were there, of course.

Anna began to slip out of her clothes as she continued. She was breathing a bit heavily, but I truly doubt it had to do with the exercise. This was all about showing off for us.

She first took off her shirt, but she didn't just take it off. She worked it off sensuously, peeling it up slowly until her breasts came into view, followed by her areola and nipples. We could see the sweat she had worked up, dripping down between her breasts in large, salty drops. It was excruciating.

By now, of course, all four of us were just as turned on as Anna was, only we were still dressed and shifting around to keep ourselves under control.

"You can take off your pants if you want, but just your pants," said Anna.

Not wanting to lose a second of her show, we each worked out pants open, sliding down our zippers almost in unison, but never taking our eyes off Anna's body.

She continued to stretch and rub, but now she was working her tights down over her hips. The fabric pulled very tight and became almost see-through. Soon that would not matter, but for now it was incredibly sexy.

She rolled the fabric over her hips and down towards her thighs. We thought there was nothing else to remove but realized that she was wearing a silver coloured G-string. She took the legs straight-butt out-heels together position again, but was sliding down the Lycra as she did it.

Even though her outfit had left nothing to our imaginations, we could now see how perfect her ass was. The view I had was full-on in front of me. I made out the silver G-string with its narrow band disappearing between her perfect buttocks and as she stood there, I noticed that she easily had a two-finger gap. You know, the gap between a woman's thighs where they meet her pussy.

This was an amazing view, and only get better as Anna continued to slide her leggings off. She gently stepped out of the legs, careful to keep the spike heels on.

When she was finished, Anna walked around the room, pausing in front of each of us to give us a complete view of her nakedness. She was not nude, she was naked. And glorious. And my boner kept jumping as if trying to get to her fine flesh.

Stopping in front of me first, she whispered very quietly into my ear, "I'm going to want your cum soon, Paul."

From what I saw on the other three men's faces as she whispered, their little secrets were probably much like mine. She was going to get our hot sperm.

After visiting each of us, Anna made her way back to the divan where she grabbed a couple of pillows to prop herself up a bit. She lay back with legs splayed, one on either side of the bench. Though I had been watching her for an hour, or more accurately, staring intently at her, I was still surprised by how she looked on that sofa. Her legs were to die for, appropriately muscular with the right amount of flesh to give her great shape (there's nothing I find sexy about too-long-and-thin model's legs).

Laying back as she did presented her firm breasts to our eyes. Her nipples had stayed rigid all this time and were now begging to be sucked, I thought.

She motioned over to me first, signalling the other three should wait for her 'call.'

I moved in to stand alongside her reclined body, not knowing what was up. She took my cock in her hand and pulled me in towards her face. She did not let go of me until I was touching her lips. Anna took only the knob into her mouth, licking it all around. She got it all slimy with her saliva and proceeded to slide her hand along my shaft ever so gently. I could barely feel her motion but seeing her in that position doing that with my hard-on was a lot to take.

She eased off the stroking and called Jackson over to her other side. She repeated the same thing as I had received, taking some of his cock into her open mouth then masturbating his softly. She was now doing it for both of us. I knew I could cum in no time, but she seemed in full control because whenever I got a little anxious, she eased off slightly.

Letting go of my cock, she motioned Ray over to my side. She said to me, "keep it hard, Paul," and turned to Ray and took him in both hands. He was pretty hard, but needed a bit more encouragement to reach his full length and girth. This Anna did by pulling him closer and having him rub his erection across one of her tits. He focussed on the nipple and each time he scraped over it, Anna shuddered slightly.

Then it was William's turn.

She made him straddle her hips and laid his cock along her belly. His balls in their tight little sack, rested at the top of her pussy on top of her clitoris it looked like. From there, his length extended up to her belly button. She held him in that position with both hands. As she did this, her hips were pushing up against his balls as she rubbed her clit on him.

All this time her eyes were wide open and working their way around the room, from one to the other of us. Every time she looked at me I knew I was a special lover for her; each of us got that feeling it was obvious. From time to time, she'd reach out for one of us, stroking our cocks a few times before moving on.

After a while, she had William slide down until she was rubbing all of her cunt along his length. We could see William's meat coated with Anna's pussy lube. I wondered if she'd fuck him soon, then maybe we'd all get a chance.

It was not to be.

William was sitting in his position of pride, but Anna got to work on the rest of us. She had Jackson stand to her right where she properly took his cock into her mouth for a real blowjob. Her head moved up and down over his erection until he was moaning, making it sound like he might spurt soon.

"Hold off, Jackson," she said. Keep yourself hard and ready." And with that request, she pulled his hand until it was on his own cock and guided him to stroke it. "DON'T CUM," she commanded.

Ray had his now fully engorged cock in her mouth next. Anna did not take so much of Ray as she had Jackson because he was much thicker in girth than any of us. Instead, she licked his meat all over and worked his cockhead into her mouth for a few minutes. She warned him, too, "I don't want you to cum yet, Ray."

"I'll come when I am ready, or when you want me to, Anna."

Still, I could tell he was boasting more than he could deliver. She guided his hand to his tool also but Ray did little to pleasure himself, he was that close.

I got a great blowjob from Anna, to the point where I forced myself to pull out lest I should be the first to come. "Always the gentleman, aren't you," she complimented me.

Like Ray, I needed little but a light touch to keep myself ready, but no more.

By now William had been riding Anna for quite a while and only he could have guessed why there wasn't a pile of cum on her pussy. He was good to go, though.

Anna had three of us standing next to her naked body now, and William straddling her hips. Her body shone with sweat, mostly hers but some of ours as well. She was breathing heavily, panting almost. Then she told us what was going on.

"I have always wanted a team of total studs around me just like you four are now. It's been my fantasy to be able to keep many men hard and interested in me, and you're proving to me that I am still sexy. I am thrilled to see all your fine cocks equally hard and ready to do whatever I want to do with them, but you're all in control as I asked you to be. It proves that I was right that you were the best lovers I could ask for."

"Thank you."

"Glad you're enjoying this."

"It's a privilege to be here with you."

"I can't fucking believe how hot and sexy you are, Anna." That was from William who was starting to lose his concentration.

"What I need for you all now is to come all over me. I need you to take those big cocks into your hands and get ready to put your sperm all over me. I want cups of your cum, you hot fuckers. And I want to see it shooting at me hard. Can you do that for me, all at the same time?"

Somehow, we all understood and were able to get ready to ejaculate on our group lover. I felt my balls tightening even more and my cum making its way to my cock — I pinched to hold back until the others were closer. I needn't have worried as we were had all been ready for a long time.
