 Chapter 07: A Surprising Party

(REVISED)

Over the next few months, Kati and I got together at least once a week, usually more. That girl was insatiable; it was also rewarding because she was developing into a terrific lover. If I had to say, she was getting close to the standard Eva had originally set for me — and that's saying a lot.

We would usually meet in my dorm room, but we'd fucked and played in the park on campus, at the bus stop outside the dorms and quite a few times, we had met at Eva and Ray's home where Kati was living.

It was a good arrangement, especially since we were able to meet and fuck at her grandparents' home; they were completely okay with our relationship which was now fully 'friends with benefits' with neither of us being exclusive. At the same time, we were certainly available when the other needed some satisfaction.

Having Kati available did not mean I had lost interest in Eva. Indeed, the older woman was a hot as ever and always ready to go. Eva was simply the best lover I had ever had and we'd been getting together for over a year, ever since my aunt Suzanne and I had been picked up by her and her husband Ray.

Even as I was fucking his wife, Ray was encouraging. We would occasionally 'do' Eva together and even if he did have a monster cock that was a bit longer, but a lot thicker than mine, it was never intimidating for me; it was never a competition. Eva always had a hole ready for us both.

More than just sharing Eva, Ray and I had also developed a friendship that was rather close. This let to him inviting me to share one of his lovers, but more on that another day. It also meant that we'd sometimes go a bit wild on the 'curious' side. I had been known to masturbate that huge cock for him (always with Eva around, mind you) and once I even tasted his cum.

Ray was also open to experimentation, but rather more adventuresome. He had once given me a blowjob to completion. To be honest, it was far more erotic than I had expected. Of course, Eva had a lot to do with that little incident. She had been sucking me off as I lay back in an easy chair and while I had my eyes closed, she'd enticed Ray to take over. I did notice the change and when I opened my eyes, it was Ray working on my cock with Eva standing beside me. Before I could say a word, she'd taken my hand and pushed it up against her thick pussy lips and said, "Let's all have some fun, Paul."

I didn't take long to come and as I did I tried to warn Ray... who only committed more energy to finishing me. I ended up coming all over my stomach; Eva then took over, eating my cum off my body while jacking off her husband.

That was quite a night. I would have like to include Kati, but we had long ago agreed that Kati could know about our activities, but was no ready to take part with her grandparents.

--- 

A few months after the 'blowjob' incident, I got a call from Eva telling me that I was about to be invited to a party. The invitation would be coming from a friend of hers and I was not to turn it down. "Trust me on this one, Paul. You know I always look after you, right?"

I waited almost a week for the little card to arrive. It was addressed to my name, followed by 'gentleman.' The card itself was a subtle thing with minimal graphics and a very rich, dark black. Inside were the details were in gold metallic ink:

"Please join us for an intimate gathering of friends that will entice and excite. Dress is formal." Then it offered the date and time and an address across town in The Uplands, a very posh neighbourhood. The event was coming up in less than a week, and on a Thursday evening, odd for a party, I thought.

I was exceedingly curious and would never have bothered but for the fact that Eva had 'told' me to attend. I called Eva right after getting the card and tried to dig out more details, but she remained tight-lipped and would give me no more than, "you'd better be there, for me."

Things were curious indeed.

When Thursday finally arrived, I spent almost two hours getting ready. I showered, shaved and had even gotten a haircut earlier. I had no idea what was coming, but I would look good whatever it was, and I trusted Eva.

I had the cab drop me off in front of the house. It was big and opulent and I guessed there were at least seven or eight bedrooms. I saw the driveway wrap around the back and since we had been asked to enter from the parking area, I walked back there. The space could have fit at least a dozen cars, it was that big; there were only two there now.

I walked up to the ornate door (and it was the back door!) with its giant brass knocker. I had barely dropped it on the strike plate when the door opened for me. There stood a very attractive blonde woman dressed very elegantly in a gown, heels and elbow-length gloves. She had to be six feet tall with the heels and was a slim as a model. Of course I scoped out her body including her small, pert breasts.

"I'm Paul and I was invited..." was all I could come up with.

"I am Anna and I am so happy you could join us. Eva recommended you very highly."

She turned and walked away; obviously, I was to follow. I closed the door and caught up to Anna who barely paused as she led the way to a small room (in comparison) just off the rear entrance. Going in I saw that Eva was already there, but so was Ray. Curiouser and curiouser, I thought.

There was also another man, a little older than me, probably in his mid-thirties. We were all introduced to each other: the other man was Jackson and it turned out he was a good friend of Anna's.

I really had no idea what was going on, and I got the same idea from Jackson's look as he shook my hand. It was as if he was saying, "Who are you and why are we here?"

Before we could do more than pour some wine, the doorknocker announced another arrival. Eva went this time — she brought back two men, both looking like they'd fit right in.

When you looked at the four of us, you could see some common characteristics. We were all in pretty good, or better, shape, and all four men I have to say were quite good looking. Not runway-model, but definitely on the right end of the scale. And we were all dressed in formal bowtie, French-cuff attire. We did look good!

Apparently we were all here now as Anna invited us to sit around the room. She started by toasting us as her guests for a very special evening. We heard that each one of us had been personally selected by her and Eva and that we were to expect a rewarding evening.

The four of us sipped out wine cautiously, waiting to learn more.

Eva stood next and asked if any of us had ever heard of a CFNM party.

I sure hadn't and only Ray motioned that he had. Eva glanced at him with a smile. It seemed as if even Ray did not know what was up.

Eva then explained, "That stands for Clothed Female, Nude Male and we are hoping you will agree to join us for the event. That's why you were each selected."

We were already getting the idea of what might be coming up.

Anna stepped up and explained that each of the four men was known to be very sexual, well-endowed and a considerate lover. "That's how you were chosen: we thought you would take part, and if you did, you would be perfect for our other guests."

She went on to ask each of us in turn: "Do you wish to participate and follow all the rules we set?"

To a man the answer was a firm 'yes.'

"The rules, gentlemen, are simple. First, everything that happens in this house tonight, including this little meeting will remain forever confidential. We don't need to threaten you in any way because Eva and I completely trust you. Are we all okay with that?"

"Second, you will dress and act as we request."

"But don't worry," chimed in Eva, "We're very flexible on what that means."

Anna continued: "Any questions so far?"

The last man in, William, piped up with "what's the dress code, then? Aren't we already dressed fancy enough?"

"Did you hear what CFNM stood for?" replied Anna.

"Oh... right." Things were getting clearer quickly.

Eva stepped in to describe the clothing arrangements. "Initially, you will each be dressed as you are now, but for your shirts and ties. We need you all bare-chested, nude to the waist for now."

We looked around at each other, judging a bit I think. Ray was very solid and well-muscled, but he did have a tiny paunch. The three of us already looked pretty good, certainly fit enough.

Anna then directed us to remove our clothing from the waist up. "And if you are going to back out, this is your last chance, gentlemen."

Nobody even glanced at her as we removed our shirts and ties.

Jackson and William could have been brothers from looking at their physique. The only difference was that William was very tall, I guessed well over six feet. Jackson was about five-foot ten. Both had great abs, better than mine but not that much different. Ray really stood out because of his well-developed shoulders and chest and arm muscles. We're a hot bunch of guys, I thought.

"You are a very hot group of men," said Anna.

Eva more or less mumbled agreement as she examined each of us, especially William who was the only man much taller than she was, even in her stilettos.

Anna went on. "Thank you, gentlemen. I can see why you were each recommended."

"The party will be starting in about an hour when our first guests will arrive. There will be about 15 women, and only women. They were each invited to this party as you were. The only difference is that they knew it was CFNM."

"Who will they be?" I had to ask.

"I'm so glad someone asked that. These women are all very successful in the city either running their own businesses, or they're attached to some very powerful men. All of them are wealthy and each expects complete anonymity, as you might imagine."

Jackson asked, "What if we know some of them, or their husbands? What do we do?"

Eva took that one: "It's not likely you will because each of them will be wearing a mask. But if you do identify someone, the confidentiality rule applies. No one must ever know who was here this evening, or even that this took place."

We all nodded our understanding. This was getting more mysterious: masks? Cool!

By now we could hear some moving around in the room next door. People were arriving. We were told that as the guest arrived, she would be given a silk mask that covered only her eyes. Still, there was little chance of identifying anyone unless we had more clues.

Eva gave us instructions: "We would like you to all start by circulating wine and some canapés. Ray, you and Jackson take the wine; William and Paul, you're on food."

I was very nervous about what was coming next. How would I do as a waiter? I had never done table service before and did not feel too comfortable with the tray in hand. Anna saw this I think and she came over to me. "You look amazing, Paul, and that little tray of hors d'oeuvres... the women will love you."

I headed out the connecting door and stepped into a huge ballroom. The hardwood dance floor was surrounded by six banquet tables, each suitable for half a dozen guests. Fans circled high up in the ceiling and music was playing just loud enough to allow conversation.

As I walked around with my tray, women leaned in to me, smiling broadly and reaching for little sandwiches or whatever I was carrying. Soon, all of them had wine and were chatting amongst themselves. It was clear that they mostly knew each other from before tonight.

Within the next hour the remaining guests had arrived — there were 22 women in total.

"I thought it was to be only 15," I said to Ray.

"And you're unhappy?" he asked, incredulously.

"Oh, yea. Right."

By now we had been 'working' for over an hour and to be honest, it was starting to feel just like a job, one I didn't really want. That was until I passed in front of a statuesque redhead. She had her hair cut quite short which emphasized how pretty she was, focussing attention on her face. That was, until I noticed her great legs. She wore a short black skirt trimmed with a narrow fur band for a hem. She had perfect legs, I thought, and she wore very high heels. They were a solid, bold fuchsia colour that contrasted perfectly with the black leather of her skirt.

As I walked by I heard her say, "You must be Paul — you're beautiful."

"Yes, ma'am," I replied, "Thank you." 

Unsure of what I should do, I turned away towards the kitchen and I felt a hand grasp my buttock. Snapping back I saw the redhead smile and whisper to me, "I'm Rebecca."

As we each returned to the kitchen area, Anna kept us there, not allowing us to return to the ballroom. "You might like to watch what's next," she said. With that, she turned on a huge monitor in the corner. It showed the ballroom and all the women milling about. Eva was making her way to the front of to the room.

Then she took a microphone off the table and asked for everyone's attention.

"I would like to welcome you all to this, the tenth annual CFNM fundraiser. Most of you have been here before, but for those who haven't, you should know we use this time to raise money for orphaned children in Africa through UNICEF. That is worthy enough, but we also try to make the night memorable for you all."

Eva looked around the room, seeing nods of agreement — lots of women knew what was coming, even if we didn't.

Eva continued, "Our first fun event tonight is going to be the auction. Are you interested?"

Many of the women applauded and whooped their agreement; others stood mute, not knowing enough about the proceedings yet."

"What are we auctioning?" asked a petite blonde up front.

"That's where the fun is — I hope you have you have all met our men tonight. If not, we'll be introducing them soon. The auction will be for the right to prepare a man for the remainder of the evening. And in case you wondered, you will get to take some of his clothing."

The whoops and cheers almost shattered the crystal on the tables. These women were only slightly inebriated and already they were going wild.

The four of us turned to Anna simultaneously, "we're going to get stripped?!" we asked.

"Anyone want out?" came the reply quickly.

"Of course not," we chanted almost simultaneously, though William seemed a bit shy.

"We are going to start with Ray, then Jackson, Paul and finally William. Are you okay with that line-up?"

William seemed pleased to go last, but somehow I don't think he understood what that meant. By that time women would be getting drunk and much more demanding. I was looking forward to it, but didn't think William would be ready. Who was I to say?

In the hall Eva was wrapping up her opening. She finished with, "please help me welcome our hostess for tonight, Anna."

Right on cue, Anna walked into the room, looking as glamorous as she had when she'd met me at the door. This woman had real poise and class. She walked through the crowd of masked and mysterious (to us) women, touching a hand here, pecking a cheek there, and even patting one woman on the butt. Really.

"Thank you everyone for joining us on this tenth anniversary of our parties. A few of you are new to this group and we welcome you most. I hope you will come to enjoy this event as much as the rest of us have over these years."

More hooting and hollering.

"Are we ready for the first auction?" she asked, rhetorically.

"Our first gentleman is Ray. He is six-foot four inches tall, weighs 226 pounds and is 61 years old. Ray is a former professional football player with the CFL. Please cheer him in."

Full of confidence, Ray almost strutted past the tables until he stood at the front of the room. Not satisfied with showing up, Ray then took Anna's face into his hands and planted a big wet kiss right on her lips. Eva, now standing at my elbow, whispered, "He told me he would do that, and I know she was just waiting for it."

Breaking from the kiss, Ray stood to one side and climbed up on a platform that had been placed next to the head table.

He certainly knew how to work a room. Ray moved about the platform, taking muscle show poses. He raised his arms in a heroic stance and bulged his huge arms. The women were already going wild and nothing had even happened yet.

"As you know, our bids tonight are to be in thousand-dollar increments. Who will open with $5000 for this amazing specimen of a man?"

A hand shot up at the back with a whoop of enthusiasm.

"Thank you young lady with the white mask. Who will go $6,000?"

"Six thousand," called another woman.

She had barely finished making her bid when someone else called out "$10,000!"

A pause, a little encouragement from Anna, and the next bid came in at $12,000.

"Girls, this man is amazing, and wait until you see what's beneath those fine slacks. I have seen it and trust me, you won't go wrong."

"$15,000."

"$16,000."

"$20,000!"

The room went quiet. Even in this crowd the amount was getting a bit steep. I stood slack-jawed watching on the monitor. I whispered to the others, "someone is willing to pay $20,000 to take off Ray's pants?!" I was incredulous.

"Going once. Twice. Any other bids? Sold! It's yours pink floral mask. Come on up."

I didn't know what to expect, but the heavyset brunette who'd won the auction took Ray by the hand and led to step up to the main table at the centre of the hall. It was going to happen right away?

Anna was still helping feed the crowd's appetites, "Let's give them some support. Ray's the first one and he might be nervous. And I do know this lady has not won before so it really is her first time. Cheer them on."

The women, every one of them, was cheering and calling out a variety of ideas. Some were pretty dirty, "Show us his cock," and "We want big balls!"

The woman had now joined Ray on the table. She yelled out "I'm Janet and I want this one."

With Ray standing still, Janet knelt at his feet. The room was quiet as they watched Janet unbuckle Ray's belt. She took her time pulling it out of the loops and only then did she unsnap the waist. Her paced picked up after she reached against Ray's thigh to feel the growing monster under the light fabric of his pants.

Janet had him unzipped in about three seconds and the pants hit the floor two seconds later.

Ray was not wearing any underwear so when Janet pulled off his pants, his thick black cock just popped out in front of her and waived to the women crowded around the table. The cheers were at their maximum right then. Janet stood up and asked for quiet. "What should I do now?" she asked the crowd.

With Ray's cock at its hardest and horizontal best, Janet took the first idea that came out. She took the cock and pulled it towards her chest. Her dress was showing a lot of cleavage. She pulled Ray in until he was ensconced between her substantial breasts. Sure, only the head and a few inches were buried there, but the sheer joy in Janet's face said it all. She was loving this.

Before much more could happen, Anna was back on the microphone asking for Ray to be released for now so that we could move to the next man at auction. Now that everyone had a taste of what was happening, the bidding on Jackson. Please join us, Jackson.

The process went much the same as with Ray, but the bids topped out at only $9,000 this time. I could see some disappointment on Jackson's face, but that went away quickly when the winner turned out to be a very young and posh lady. She was also cheered on as she stripped Jackson down to his underwear. I would have been embarrassed to show up in leopard print, but no one else seemed to care, least of all the woman who'd denuded him.

To finish her part, the lady reached into his briefs to pull out his very hard and very nice cock. Cheers and wildness again. But this time, they were for the woman as she, in one easy move, took all of Jackson's seven erect inches into her throat. Jackson almost collapsed when that happened.
