 The deep upstate New York snow was receding, and spring was just around the corner. Lindsey's playroom was finished and a big success, and the room-by-room renovation of Connie's big house was just about complete. I had started accepting a few new customers to take up the slack, but I was enjoying a little more free time as well.

Most of that time was spent fixing up the riverfront camp that Connie had given me. She drove out often when I was there, and she marveled at how I was bringing the old place back to life. She greatly missed her late husband, and I could tell she wished they had fixed the place up more and had spent more time there when they had the chance. They did put quite a bit of money into it though, which I was glad of — they had a well drilled, a new septic system installed, a new metal roof put on, and the waterfront was first-class, with a new rip-rap stone seawall and a beautiful dock with a screened gazebo on it. All I had to do was renovate the camp itself, and the grounds.

I wanted the place to have lot's of funky character, and I could think of no one better to help me with the overall vision than Carol. She met me there one beautiful mid-March day when the last of the snow was melting and making it's way into the calm green river.

"Steve, this is fantastic!" she said as she got out of her car and looked the place over. "Let's see, we could make the door look like a vagina, and the chimney could be shaped like a hard cock..." She broke up laughing.

"I don't think so sweetheart," I laughed. "My parents are going to be here now and then you know."

"Holy shit! You have parents?" she said. "I don't know why, but that never crossed my mind. Wow, that's weird isn't it? Some of your lovers are probably older than your mom."

"Yeah, weird," I said. "I try not to think about that too much."

"So what's your father like?" she asked. "Is he gorgeous too?"

"Well, we look a lot alike, if that's what you mean," I said. "Could we change the subject, 'cause this is a little odd." Carol giggled and took my arm, and I walked her down to the water.

"Oh god, it's so peaceful and private here," she said. "We could have sex right here couldn't we. Right here in the sunshine."

"Yeah, but that's not really why I brought you here," I said, as Carol dropped to her knees and opened my jeans. She expertly flipped my cock loose, and worked me until I came in her moaning mouth.

"Mmm, that tastes good," she said as she swallowed. "I needed a little snack. You know, you're the only man I've ever met that I can't control myself around," she said as she forced my swollen cock back into my jeans.

"That's good to know," I said, smiling down at her dark, piercing eyes.

"So, what are your plans for the place," she said as she stood, acting as if nothing unusual had happened.

"Well, I'm gonna need a chair right here, 'cause my knees get weak whenever you're around," I said.

"You're sweet," she said, and she kissed my cheek. "Show me inside, I'm dying to see it."

"From what I've seen, it started out as not much more than a tar-paper shack — a little fish camp," I told her as we walked in through the screened porch. "At some point it was rebuilt more substantially, and I've taken it to the next level, with structural improvements and full insulation so I can use it year-round."

"Oh, it's great Steve! I can see why you've been so excited about it," she said. "You know, all us girls were thrilled when Connie did this for you. I think we all have wished we could do something similar. She's a sweet woman."

"She's amazing," I said. "And I'm glad to know what the rest of you think about this. I was kind of wondering how it would go over."

"So how can I help?" she asked. "If your mom's coming I guess you don't want an orgy mural on the wall."

Nope, much as I'd love it," I said. "I'd just like you to lend me your artist's eye, and help me come up with a plan to make the place funky and cool — colors, moldings, maybe some wood carvings and other details. I'm not gonna do it all at once, but I'd like to have an overall esthetic to work towards.

"Oooh fun!" she said. "I'm so glad you called me!"

I showed her some magazine clippings, and a book on cottages that I bought, and she immediately started coming up with great ideas. We listed out some things, and made some sketches.

"Oh man, this is perfect!" I said. "You're a genius Carol, you should branch out into the design world."

"Can I paint your porch for you?" she said as she walked out there.

"You know, I was thinking about having a painting party, but with all these interesting details we came up with today, I think I'll just do it myself," I said.

"No, I mean I want to paint something special out here. I love this space," she said.

"Oh wow! Yeah, I would love that! What do you have in mind?" I asked.

"I'm thinking this back wall would be all marsh grass, with a beautiful blue sky above it that would wrap up onto the ceiling, with white clouds. A sky blue ceiling is sort of an old Victorian thing to do on a porch," she said. "With a ceiling fan and a million twinkle lights, it'd be awesome out here at night. Oh, and you'll need a nice couch to fuck on."

"Sounds fantastic Carol. And the bonus for me is you'll be hanging around here a lot. Guess I better get a bed moved in pronto," I said with a wink.

Her mind was still working feverishly with ideas. "OK, I know you said your mom's gonna be here and all that, but sexy women are such a big part of your life, I think we need to work some of that in. Tastefully though. I'm looking at these posts holding up the porch roof — what if we make them like a totem pole type carving of a stylized naked woman. Would that be too wild for your mom?" she asked.

"Nice! I like that idea," I said. "As long as one of them isn't fondling an erect penis I think she can deal with it," I laughed. "Big carvings like that are expensive though, and I'm afraid I'd make a mess of it if I tried it myself."

"Don't worry about that. I know just the guy. Invite him to the next orgy and he'll work cheap," she laughed.

"Cool! This is coming together nicely," I said. "I'll go buy some tongue-and-groove cedar tomorrow and get started on the interior walls."

I embraced Carol from behind, kissed her on the neck, and said in her ear, "I'd love to give you a nice big reward for helping me today."

"I was hoping you'd say that," she said, and we fucked every possible way you can standing up.

———————————

Just a few days later the snow was completely gone and I was able to bring my little Airstream trailer out to the camp and park it in the driveway. It gave me a nice place to relax in comfort as work progressed inside the camp, and yes, a place to entertain the ladies when certain urges overcame us.

Within six weeks of Carol's first visit the little camp was looking good. Some of the artistic details would happen later, but a surprising amount of the detail work was taking shape quicker than I had expected, thanks to the help of Penny's carpenter friend Ron who spent a few weekends helping me. Memorial Day weekend was two weeks off, and I decided to invite folks for a party and make a final push to whip the place into shape by then. Connie, of course, would be the guest of honor, and like Lindsey with her playroom Connie had decided to stay away for the final month of work so she would be surprised at the final result.

The interior was finished and looked great. There were a few moldings and carvings I wanted to do, but they could wait. A new green linoleum floor was down, satin varnished cedar walls, lot's of interesting built-in shelves in various places, a huge funky looking ceiling fan, two antique looking futons in the living area with a big old 'Penny style' round dining table, some really unusual looking window trim that Carol designed, an antique front door from a salvage yard that looked like it came out of a castle, some old rugs that Julia found at antique store, a beautiful little soapstone wood stove, and about a hundred other details. Carol, bless her heart, had spent a lot of time painting the porch — more time than she had expected I think, but I had rewarded her often in the little airstream trailer — we gave it's old bed a good workout. Her friend Will made fabulous naked lady totem poles for the porch, and they were even cooler than I thought they would be. There was enough room out there for another futon and a small dining table, and with the twinkle lights strung the porch looked like a million bucks.

The exterior was the last big thing to do before the party — hand split cedar shingle siding stained a silver grey color, with dark green trim and black sash on the windows. The front door was lime-green, in honor of the lime-green fur on Lindsey's see-thru robe. Carol had some ideas to 'funky up' the trim outside, but that would come later.

——————————

Memorial Day weekend rolled around and it was party time. I had spent a few days leading up to it cleaning up the yard, but most of that work would happen later. On the whole the place looked great. It was a Friday evening party, to give folks a chance to do other things over the long weekend. Some folks were busy and couldn't make it, but I assured them it was just the first of many such events. The girls all insisted they would bring all the food and drinks, so I basically had nothing more to do. I lit up the twinkle lights on the porch and out in the gazebo, lit a small fire in the wood stove, settled down with a beer, and promptly fell asleep.

"Good god Steve!" Connie said, snapping me out of my slumber. As she looked around I could see tears rolling down her cheeks. 

"Are you crying because I ruined it, or because you like it," I said as I tried to eradicate the sleepy haze from my brain.

"Oh Steve, it's wonderful!" she said, nearing a full-on sobbing cry. "I'm sorry," she sniffled. "It just does my heart good to see the place in such loving hands."

"I'm glad you like it Connie," I said as I embraced her. "You know, I've fallen deeply in love with this place over the last few months. I hope you'll spend a lot of time here with me."

"I'd like that," she said, wiping away the tears.

Just then Carol and Julia pulled in the long gravel driveway. They hopped out of Julia's car and brought in two big boxes full of food.

"There's jugs of ice tea and booze in the trunk," Carol said to me, and she turned to Connie. "Hi Con! What do you think? Steve did an awesome job didn't he?"

"Oh Carol, I can't even believe it," Connie said.

"Carol, take her out to the porch and show her your paint job," I said as I headed out to Julia's car for the drinks. While I was out there Connie's best friend and neighbor Barb arrived with her friend Ed, and right behind them was Ron and Kathy. Ron had helped quite a bit with the camp renovation, but I hadn't seen Kathy since the long weekend at Penny's camp when Ron and I put new windows in the porch. That was Kathy's introduction to partner swapping and group sex, and I was very glad to see her again. 

"Hi gorgeous!" I said to Kathy as she stepped out of Ron's truck.

"I'm glad to see I was wrong," she said as she gave me a quick kiss on the lips.

"Wrong about what?" I asked.

"I spent the whole winter thinking you couldn't possibly be as sexy as I remembered you," she winked.

"Ronnie, how ya doin' buddy," I said as we bro-hugged. "Let me introduce you to some friends of mine — Barb and Ed, this is Ron and Kathy."

"So how do you know Steve?" Ron asked them as they shook hands.

"He showed up to fix the hot tub of a friend of mine one evening, and I was in it," Barb said with a wink, and Ron and Kathy laughed.

"Oh good," Kathy said, "I thought maybe you were his relatives or something and this party would be different than I thought."

"In other words dude, she's hoping for an orgy," Ron said to me.

"Ronnie! Don't! Oh god..." Kathy said, clearly embarrassed.

"Well if past experience means anything, you've come to the right place honey," Barb said to Kathy, and she put her arm around her and they walked toward the door.

My friend Mark was next to pull in the driveway, and then Carol's friend Will the woodcarver. Will's an interesting guy — another full time artist, he spends a lot of time traveling around in an old motorhome, selling his carvings at art shows. Short in stature but muscular and good looking, he looks like a middle aged surfer dude from Southern California.

Penny and Mary were the final guests to arrive, flying down the long driveway at top speed in Penny's Subaru and parking in a great cloud of dust. I had seen Penny a few times over the winter at music clubs, but I hadn't laid eyes on the luscious Mary since Penny's Autumn Orgy. As I was making sure everyone was introduced to everyone else, I realized a lot of these folks were meeting each other for the first time, which should make for a fun party.

"Alright, I'd just like to make one announcement before we all wander off to enjoy ourselves," I said to everyone as they milled around the main room. "As I think you all know, this place was an unbelievable gift from an unbelievable woman, the beautiful Connie. With that in mind, and keeping up the long tradition in upstate New York of naming camps, I proudly name this wonderful old building CAMP SILVER BEAVER!" I reached behind the futon and pulled out a hand carved plaque Will made for me of a magnificent mostly grey-furred beaver chewing on a sapling, with the name of the camp under it. There was much good-natured cheering and laughter as I walked outside and hung it on two nails next to the front door. Connie had her head in her hand, laughing and crying at the same time.

"For those of you new folks who don't quite get the significance of this, well, you'll probably know before the night is over," I laughed. "Party on folks, and a big thank you to everyone who helped with this place!"

Party on we did. Darkness fell, delicious food was eaten, drinks were downed, and clothing was gradually shed. At about the two hour mark it was a rockin' full blown orgy. I'm not sure I expected that, but with this bunch I should have known. I think the most fun for me was seeing how Kathy and Ron took to it all. Kathy was just a wild woman once she got going, taking on anybody and everybody with great enthusiasm, and Julia and Carol really took to big Ron, double teaming him until he couldn't see straight.

"He's got the longest tongue ever!" Julia said with big eyes after she came hard on his face.

I talked to Ron a little later at the Kitchen counter. "So you guys fit right into all this, Have you been partying this way since we were at Penny's last fall?"

"Oh fuck no!" he said. "Nothin' since then dude. That was our first time — you know that — and we loved it, but we both feel like it needs to be just a once in a while thing. Like a special event to re-charge our batteries once in a while. Up at Penny's, that totally jump started our sex life. It was stale before that, and it's been great ever since. I think tonight'll do the same thing for us," he said, as we listened to Kathy scream in the bedroom. "Fuck, she's really cuttin' loose tonight..."

Just then Mary staggered out of the bedroom towards us, wiping her mouth and chin. "That wife of yours is fuckin' HOT!" she said to Ron. She turned to me and said, "She's askin' for ya Stevie. Says she needs some big cock."

"Go man," Ron said. "I'll never hear the end of it if she doesn't get with you tonight."

"So have you sampled Mary's charms yet Ronnie? She's somethin' special," I said.

"No man," he said looking over her red hair and perfect centerfold body, "she's way outa my league."

"Get outa here!" she said, punching him playfully. "Penny told me what a stud you are. Let's find someplace quiet."

"I don't know if it's occupied or not, but there's a nice lounge chair out in the gazebo on the dock that's just made for you guys. Should be warm enough out there, as long as you stay active," I said with a wink as I made my way to the still screaming Kathy in the bedroom. Mary grabbed Ron's cock and led him outdoors.

Carol had her face buried in Kathy's pussy when I walked in, and Mark was standing next to the bed slipping his cock in and out of her mouth. I put my hand on Carols back and she looked at me.

"Oh good. She's been asking for you," Carol said as she moved aside. "The girl's fuckin' insatiable. I can't keep up." She wiped her face on the sheet and laid down next to Kathy. Kathy let Mark's cock slip from her mouth and looked up at me, her eyes glassy and in a daze.

"Fuck me Steve!" she said almost angrily. "FUCK ME!" Her little body looked like it was trembling, and her pussy looked raw.

"Are you all right sweetheart?" I asked.

"FUCK ME GOD DAMN IT!!" she yelled, and she started rubbing her pussy hard.

"Alright sweetheart, let's just slow down a little."

"NO! NOT SLOW!! NOT SLOW!!" she yelled with wild eyes.

"I think you better give it to her baby," Carol said as she caressed Kathy's pretty little tits. "She'll be all right, she just needs it bad."

Kathy pulled her flexible legs up to the sides of her chest and I slid in. Her red pussy was sloppy wet and oozing semen, but still felt tight and wonderful.

"Oh God Kathy you feel good. Just like I remember," I said.

"I've dreamt of this," she said in a dreamy haze as I started to fuck her. "For months I've dreamt of this..."

She had given up sucking Mark, but held his cock tight in her small hand as I picked up the pace.

"Oh Yeah!" she yelled. "Nobody else gets there! Fuck yeah!"

"Oh baby! Fuck!" I yelled as I worked up to the highest speed, full throttle pounding I could give her. 

"Oh! ... Oh! ... Oh! ... OH!! ... OH!! ... OH!!" she shrieked at full volume.

"Come on baby! Come on!" Carol said in her ear, encouraging her building orgasm.

"Oh fuck! OH FUCK YEEEEESSSSSSSS!!" she screamed.

The words ricocheted inside my brain and I let loose a gusher of cum inside her white hot pussy, still pounding into her at full speed.

"Jesus baby!" I yelled, my cock feeling like it was melting in a blast furnace.

Finally I slowed, and then stopped deep inside her. Her eyes were closed and she was motionless, with Carol caressing he softly. 

"She's a sexy little thing," Carol said quietly. It was the understatement of the year.

———————————

An hour or two or three later I was in a daze myself after Kathy had fucked me every way she could think of. I staggered out of the bedroom in search of orange juice and an energy bar, leaving Kathy spent but smiling on the bed. Out in the main room Julia was quietly riding Ed on one of the futons, with Barb curled up next to them.

"Nice party baby," Julia said as I walked by, slowly grinding her pelvis as Ed sucked on her tits.

On the other futon Will was flat on his back and Connie was riding him, barely moving, with her eyes closed.

"She's sexy man," Will said as I walked by. "The Silver Beaver," he said, glancing at her crotch. He smiled wide and Connie giggled.

I took my drink and snack out on the porch and found Carol and Penny working over Mark. They had flattened out the futon into a bed, and stolen some blankets from the bedroom to fight of the chill.

"Oh good, we could use another cock out here," Penny said when she saw me. "Poor Markie's gettin' worn out."

"Sorry ladies," I said, "you're gonna have to wait awhile. Kathy just about killed me in there."

"God that little thing is wild!" Penny said. "We were in there with her for a while, and we've been listening out here. What did she have, like thirty or forty orgasms or something? They were the real deal too. What the fuck... I've never seen anything like it."

We heard rustling outside and Ron and Mary came through the screen door wrapped in blankets. They looked happy.
