 Summary: Former professional is used by people below her social status. 

Note: This is dedicated to the real Johnathan and Elizabeth who inspired the story. The entire back story is based on real events...the plotlines are real fantasies of the lovely couple. 

Note 2: This is part five of a multi-chaptered story: 

In part one, Dominican Slut: Ass Slut, Elizabeth, a proud Dominican teenager determined to overcome stereotypes, gets seduced by a white college man and becomes his personal cocksucker and ass slut. 

In part two, Dominican Slut: Blackmailed, the story flashes ahead twelve years, where Elizabeth, now married, with two kids and working as a very successful accountant has indeed broken the string of generations of family members working in menial jobs. Yet, one mistake from college comes back to haunt her and she is drawn back into the world of white dominance as she is blackmailed into submission. 

In part three, Dominican Slut: Cunt Muncher, Elizabeth's Jewish bitch boss learns of her submissive slut past and present and reassigns her job duties, naming her the firm's CUM BUCKET...where she proceeds to taste pussy for the first, second and third time. 

In part four, Dominican Slut: Humiliated Pet, Elizabeth is trained to be a completely submissive pet for her boss...including being treated like a variety of animals. It ends, with an order to obey all the night staff...this is how she obeyed. 

Note 3: Thanks to goamz86, Robert, Wayne for editing this story. 

Warning: Like my novella 'Deconstructing the Professor', this story will use racially inappropriate words to create the vivid, authentic race based story that has been requested. If words like 'nigger', 'spic', 'puta', 'gringa', 'culo', 'tetas', 'coño', 'chocha' and 'mierda' offend you, please don't read further. 

Glossary: 

I am a Canadian writing a story about a Dominican using a variety of Spanish terms. So, although I think I do a good job of explaining the Spanish words I use during the heat of the moment, here is a brief advance glossary: 

Puta: whore 

Gringa: whore - a term used by Dominicans for Americanized Dominicans 

Culo: ass 

Tetas: tits 

Coño: fuck 

Chocha: cunt 

Mierda: shit or fuck 

Polla: cock 

PS: If any of these are used incorrectly, I apologize in advance; Urban Dictionary and Google Translate were my main sources. 

One more warning...although of less importance: This chapter is straight sex with little additional plot and focuses on the racial divide between Dominicans and Haitians. 

It also leaves off immediately following the end of Humiliation Pet. 

Dominican Slut: Janitor Gangbang 

As Juliette rubbed her cunt all over my face, I felt fingers playing with my pussy. 

"The gringa whore is all wet," the guy fingering me said. 'Gringa whore,' was a term used by Dominicans to criticize Americanized Dominicans, which made me wonder if the guy violating my cunt was Dominican. 

Truth be told, although I spent many late nights at the firm, I really hadn't bothered to remotely get to know the evening cleaning staff. I saw them as reminders of why I had worked so hard to excel in high school, get into a great college and get a high paying job. Yet, now here I was on my knees, eating pussy while being molested by a stranger... I hated the irony. 

I also wanted to refuse this submission to people below me, to a race below me, yet I was utterly helpless. 

Juliette came on my face a moment later just as the guy behind me shoved his whole fist in me. 

I screamed in Juliette's cunt as she flooded my mouth with her cum. 

"The gringa took my whole fist," the guy said, as I tried to deal with just how full I felt. 

Juliette laughed, as she pushed my head away, "Taking a whole fist up your twat, you really are a whore." 

"Yes, Mistress," I moaned, as the person behind me fisted me, making yet another orgasm grow inside me. 

"Well, I'll leave you to your own people," she said, standing up and walking away. 

Looking up, I saw four men, including the old man from yesterday, plus the one behind me, and two women, one who I knew was a Filipino who had only been here a few months and the other a fellow Dominican woman who was in her forties at least. 

"So we didn't believe Phillip when he told us about you blowing him yesterday," one of the younger Haitians said. 

"I told you guys," the old man added, looking very happy to be proven right. "She's the biggest gringa ever." 

My face burned with shame and anger, yet the fist inside me had me completely at his whim. 

The Dominican woman looked down at me, shook her head and said, "You acted so high and mighty all this time, but you're clearly even worse than us. You skanked your way to the top." 

"I didn't," I protested, somehow wanting her to know that I got to the top through hard work. 

"Mierda," she snapped, "you ignored us servants while you wiggled your culo and sucked polla." 

"Lo que es un culo greta," The guy behind me quipped. 

Her saying 'bullshit,' and accusing me of not earning my professional position frustrated me, as I had worked my ass off to get where I was until now; I didn't wiggle my ass or suck cock to get where I was. Yet, hearing the guy fisting me commenting that I had a great ass somehow made me feel good about myself. I protested, "I worked my ass off to be this successful." 

"Oh, so you take it in your culo," she quipped, now standing right in front of me. "No wonder you rose so quickly." 

"No," I said, "you're twisting my words." 

"Enough chit chat," the old man said, "I want a piece of the gringa." 

The guy behind me pulled his hand out and a loud pop echoed through the room. 

The Dominican woman sat down in the spot Juliette had just vacated a couple of minutes ago, and said, "I've fantasized about putting you in your place for a long time." 

"Why?" I asked, as I felt hands on my hips and then a cock fill my cunt. 

"Because you pretended you were better than fellow Dominicans," she accused. 

"I did not," I said defiantly, although that is exactly what I thought. 

"Mierda," she said, slapping me across the face. "Don't fucking lie to me." 

"Sorry," I apologized, as the old man began fucking me as hard as he could. 

"Sorry, what?" she asked, as she stood up and pulled her jeans down. 

"Sorry, Mistress," I whispered, not liking submitting to someone like her. 

"Say it louder," she ordered, as she pulled her panties down. 

"Sorry, Mistress," I repeated, this time loud enough for all to hear. 

"Much better, gringa," she nodded, as she knelt backwards in front of me, her wide ass now in my face. 

"Since you like culos so much, you can eat mine," she said, spreading her ass cheeks. 

Every time I thought I had hit rock bottom, I learned there was always another new rock bottom. I leaned forward and began licking her slightly hairy rosebud. 

"That's it gringa, eat my culo," she moaned. 

The old man groaned, and without warning, came in my cunt. 

My eyes went wide as I felt his cum fill me as I wasn't taking any precautions to protect me from getting pregnant. I whined, "No, not in me," even though it was obviously too late. 

"Why?" he asked, "I think you would look adorable with a little Haitian baby." 

"God, no," I said, then realized I'd only made my situation worse by acting so racist. 

"I told you, the diva thinks she is better than us," the older woman said. 

"Well, let's fill her chocha all night with dominant Haitian cum," another said, as the old man pulled out of me. 

"Please, no," I begged, "just cum down my throat, or on my face or tits." 

"And you're not a slut?" the older woman asked again. 

"I just don't want to get pregnant again," I replied, willing to be a complete fuck whore to avoid it. 

"We'll let God decide that," she answered, before adding, "now get that face back in my culo." 

As a second cock, much bigger than the first, slammed into me, I leaned forward and resumed licking her asshole. 

"Pretty tight chocha for a gringa," the guy behind me said. 

"She won't be by the time we are done with her," another said. 

The older woman sat back on the chair, and spread her legs, revealing the hairiest cunt I have ever seen and ordered, "Time for a hair pie." 

"Yes, Mistress," I replied, leaning forward and trying to find a path to her pussy through the forest of hair. Her scent was strong and slightly pungent. 

Somehow seeing my scrunched up face, as if I had eaten a lemon, she informed me, "I just took a piss before coming here so you may taste some of that." 

'Great' I thought to myself, but instead of complaining, just leaned forward and began licking. The cock in my pussy was also really pounding me, making my face bounce in her hairy cunt while also making yet another orgasm rise quickly. 

"Here comes my cum," he grunted, spewing his seed deep into me and my unprotected womb. 

He pulled out, cum leaking out of me, as I continued licking cunt, my orgasm prevented just before it erupted. 

"Who's next?" someone asked. 

"I am," another said. 

Moments later I felt hands on my hips, but this time the cock poked my asshole. 

"Do you want it in the culo?" he asked. 

I didn't even hesitate, hoping that meant one less load going inside my cunt, "Yes, Master, fill my asshole with your big dick." 

I hadn't even seen his dick, but was trying to manipulate him with my slut talk. Calling him 'Master' I hoped would also have him taking control and plowing my ass instead of my cunt. 

It worked as he slid his cock into my ass. I moaned as I kept licking the cunt in front of me. 

The older woman demanded, "My clit, suck on my clit." 

I obliged and in seconds her orgasm hit her and she coated my face with a small amount of pussy juice. 

"Oh God," I groaned, as the guy behind me hammered my ass with a pretty big cock. 

"Move gringa, I want to fuck the bitch's face," a man said, as he pushed the older woman out of the way and shoved his cock in my mouth. 

I gagged at first, as he grabbed my head and literally fucked my face. 

But I got used to it quickly, his dick was pretty small, and loud slobbery sounds echoed around the room. 

Surprisingly, or maybe not, the guy fucking my face came in my mouth in under a minute. 

As soon as he finished spewing in my mouth, he pulled out and ripped my blouse off. 

"Nice fat tetas," he said, leaning down and pulling on them. 

"Let's dp this puta," the guy slamming my ass said, as he pulled out. 

I was lifted up, my skirt was ripped off, and I was mauled as two men cupped my tits, one of them kissing me on the mouth... which somehow made me feel way guiltier in regards of cheating than everything else I had done. Sex is just sex, but kissing is intimate. 

I didn't kiss back, until he ordered, slapping me across the face, "Kiss me back, fuck slut." 

I reluctantly kissed him back, guilt washing over me at this intimate betrayal. This I knew Johnathan would not be happy about. 

Thankfully, it was short lived as I looked down at the youngest of the men who was now lying on the floor with his erect small penis pointing up. I thought to myself, 'I won't even feel that in either of my downtown fuck holes'. I then thought to myself how completely slutty I had just sounded. 

"Straddle his cock," the guy kissing me said, as he roughly pushed me to the ground. 

I noticed he was lying on my Dominican Republic flag as I straddled his cock and lowered myself on it. 

I then felt the guy who had just kissed me, move behind me. He asked, "Ready to be a real puta?" 

My need to come overriding everything yet again, no longer caring that they were Haitians, but rather seeing them just as cocks, I admitted, "God, yes, make me your puta culo bitch." 

"As you wish," he said, as he slid his dick, thicker than the last guy's, into my ass. 

I moaned loudly, loving a cock in my ass, "Oh yes, pound my shit hole." 

"Such a nasty gringa," someone else said, as I suddenly saw a dick in front of my face. 

I didn't hesitate as I flipped my necklace with a crucifix behind my back and opened up and took another cock in me, now having dick in all three of my holes. 

"The bitch is Catholic," the guy that was pounding my ass declared with an amused chuckle. 

The guy I was sucking pulled out and he asked, "What would the Lord say about you taking three cocks in you at once?" 

Before I could respond, the guy on the ground said, "According to Matthew 5:28 she has made us all sinners." 

Although you couldn't tell as I committed adultery, and was willingly being sodomized, I was a Catholic girl who went to church every Sunday and repented my many sins and naughty thoughts. Yet, I also knew the Bible very well and knew that according to Peter in Acts (I forget which verse) as long as I was baptised and repented all my sins would be cleared. I replied, "The Lord gave me three holes for pleasure and three holes to please with." 

"You really are a nasty cum puta," the guy said, as he shoved his dick back in my mouth. 

The guy pounding my ass, grabbed my crucifix and held on to it as he continued reaming my back door. 

For a couple of minutes the only sounds were me slobbering over a dick, and the hard slapping of bodies. 

Then the guy in my mouth grunted, pulled out and coated my face with his cum as he joked, "Here's your very own baptism." 

The guy in my ass, who was really reaming me now, ordered, "Tell the congregation what you really worship." 

My orgasm so close, I admitted, "Dick, big white dick." 

"Don't you mean any dick?" he corrected. 

"Yes, dammit, I love dick and being a cum bucket gringa," I admitted, bouncing on both cocks still in me. 

"Beg to come, you fucking culo gringa cum bucket," he demanded. 

"Oh please, Masters, let your gringa come," I begged, "fill all my holes with your cum." 

"Even your chocha?" he asked. 

"Yes, dammit, fill my unprotected chocha with your cum," I begged, my orgasm so fucking close I would say or do anything to get off. 

"Now gringa," he ordered, as he grunted and deposited a load deep in my rectum. 

The guy below me began bucking up as well enhancing my euphoria. 

Reverting to Spanish as I often did when I was past the point of no return, I screamed, "Mi culo , mierda, llenar mi culo," which loosely translated was bimbo gibberish for, 'My ass, shit, fill my ass." 

I was bouncing back on both cocks, desperate to get off, when the orgasm finally hit and I screamed loud enough to alert the entire building, "Sí, sí, sí, Papi!" 

I collapsed onto the guy in my cunt, my tetas landing in his face as I kept coming and coming. 

When the guy in my ass pulled out, I was quickly flipped over like I was a rag doll, which is pretty impressive because I'm not a small woman, and the last guy to not come yet, I think, began pounding my cunt. 

"Wrap the flag around the proud Dominican puta," someone said, which made me realize I was lying on my flag, even as cum leaked out of my gaping asshole. 

My body was still quaking from the orgasm as he said, "Wait till I shoot my load all over her fat tetas." 

Suddenly I saw a pussy above my face. It was the quiet Filipino girl. As she lowered her cunt on my face, she apologized, "Sorry, but you get me so horny." 

Her awkward English and her cute demeanor was the polar opposite to everyone else using me. I smiled, impressively remembering her name, "It's okay, Charina, let me make you feel good." 

I leaned up, pulled her down onto my face and began licking. 

Suddenly, the guy in my cunt, pulled out, shoved his cock between my tits and began fucking. 

I kept licking the sweet Filipino pussy while he manhandled my tits which did absolutely nothing for me. 

"Such fucking big fat tetas," he grunted and I felt his warm cum coat the valley between my tits. 

"Back to work everyone," the older female said, who I hadn't heard from for a while now that I thought about it. 

Charina began to move off me, but the older female said, "Not you, Charina, you enjoy yourself." 

"Thank you, ma'aaaaaam" Charina moaned in answer as she lowered her pussy back on my eager tongue. 

I kept licking, and it was only a couple of minutes before I got the sweet girl off and she flooded my mouth with a surprisingly excessive amount of cum. 

I kept lapping throughout her orgasm until she awkwardly got off me, looked down and said, "Salamat," and quickly scurried away. 

When I looked up, the only one left in the room was my fellow female Dominican, who walked over to me, and snapped a picture with her phone. 

"I still can't believe how you looked down on me all this time," she said. 

"I'm sorry," I replied, meaning it. I was no better than her, likely worse. 

She shrugged, "I think this worked out quite well, plus I can't wait to send these pictures to Danilsa." 

"Danilsa?" I asked, suddenly petrified that she somehow knew my sluttiest cousin... someone I had lambasted for being such a whore and family breaker. She had single-handedly caused much turmoil in my hometown when she got caught fucking our uncle (although that is a completely different story to tell another time... maybe). I also realized she said pictures, not picture, which implied she took others (likely of even more compromising positions than of me lying on my flag with a pussy juice covered face, and cum covered tits). 

"Yes, you know, Danilsa Gonzales," she revealed, my worst fears coming true, "she's your cousin isn't she?" 

"Yes," I sighed heavily. 

"She thinks the same of you," she quipped, "although I think she will soon be seeing you in a whole new light." 

"Please don't send her pictures or tell her about this," I pleaded. 

"Why?" she asked. 

"Because I don't want my family to know," I admitted. 

"Know what?" she asked, enjoying my humiliation. 

"That I'm a slut," I answered. 

"Like you called her?" she asked. 

"Yes," I sighed, even though Danilsa fucked our uncle which was a lot worse. 

"I'll have to think about it," she shrugged. 

"Can I go home now?" I asked. 

"Not yet," she answered, "two more come on at eight and they should definitely get a chance with the company cum slut." 

"Okay," I said, looking at the clock and realizing that was only ten minutes away and then realizing I had been gangbanged for over an hour. 

"Since you seemed to enjoy the remnants of my urine earlier, why not get a taste directly from the source?" she asked, as she walked in front of me. 

'Fuck!' I thought to myself as her cunt was lowered onto my face. 

"Open wide," she ordered. 

I obeyed just as her warm piss began spraying my face. Most went directly in my mouth, but some hit my chin and cheeks and then dripped off me and onto my poor flag. 

When she was done, she ordered, "Now be my toilet paper and lick me clean." 

I obeyed, once again hitting a new low. I had become a toilet and worse yet I enjoyed both the taste and the submissive act. 

As she stood up, a minute later, she said, "I think we have found one more task to add to your new job duties!" 

She walked out and I weakly got up and went to the washroom to clean myself up and go pee myself. 

When I returned, the last two men, two more Haitians, were waiting. They got me on all fours, put the flag over the top of me, and took turns fucking my mouth and cunt. 
