 Summary: Submissive slut gets facial after facial from co-workers. 

Note: This is dedicated to the real Johnathan and Elizabeth who inspired the story. The entire back story is based on real events...the plotlines are real fantasies of the lovely couple. 

Note 2: This is part six of a multi-chaptered story: 

In part one, Dominican Slut: Ass Slut, Elizabeth, a proud Dominican teenager determined to overcome stereotypes, gets seduced by a white college man and becomes his personal cocksucker and ass slut. 

In part two, Dominican Slut: Blackmailed, the story flashes ahead twelve years, where Elizabeth, now married, with two kids and working as a very successful accountant has indeed broken the chain of generations of family members working in menial jobs. Yet, one mistake from college comes back to haunt her and she is drawn back into the world of white dominance as she is blackmailed into submission. 

In part three, Dominican Slut: Cunt Muncher, Elizabeth's Jewish bitch boss learns of her submissive slut past and present and assigns her job duties as the firms CUM BUCKET...where she proceeds to taste pussy for the first, second and third time. 

In part four, Dominican Slut: Humiliated Pet, Elizabeth is trained to be a completely submissive pet for her boss...including being treated like a variety of animals. It ends, with an order to obey all the night staff. 

In part five: Dominican Slut: Janitor Gangbang, Elizabeth is forced to serve all the janitorial staff, which adds to the humiliation for the once proud professional accountant and Dominican. 

Note 3: Thanks goamz86, Robert, and Wayne for editing. 

Warning: Like my novella 'Deconstructing the Professor', this story will use racially inappropriate words to create the vivid, authentic race based story that has been requested. 

Dominican Slut: Office Cocksucker 

The next day, I tried to call in sick. 

I was mentally exhausted, and physically aching after all I had done yesterday, as well as feeling extremely guilty for betraying my marriage. 

I left a message on Ms. Goldstein's answering machine, purposely calling before anyone would be able to answer and speak to me in person. 

I was on the internet, searching for a new job, when my phone rang. I ignored it, seeing the number was from the firm. 

When it hit the answering machine, it was Alannah, Ms. Goldstein's secretary, "Elizabeth, I highly recommend you get to work ASAP. Ms. Goldstein just got your message and said if you are not here in half an hour she will punish you." 

I froze. 

Fuck! 

I quickly got dressed, in a pair of the new thigh highs I purchased yesterday and a black dress that would hide the fact that I wasn't wearing a bra or underwear. 

I sped to work, terrified of what Ms. Goldstein would consider a punishment. I also cursed myself for assuming it would be that easy... to just not go to work. 

Reaching work, fifteen minutes later than demanded, I hurried to my office, unsure who I was to report to. 

I got to my desk, saw the dildo sitting on my chair, sighed and went to sit on it. My cunt was dry, so I had to rub it up and down my pussy lips until I was wet enough to take it in me. 

Once sitting, I logged onto my computer and saw I had a few work e-mails and one from Ms, Goldstein that was titled: Dumb Pet. 

It was from ten minutes ago. 

I clicked on it with dread. 

DUMB PET 

Did you really think I would let you just walk away? 

I own you! 

And now I will have to punish you. 

You will remain in your office, working (either on the files on your desk or on the cock or cunt that comes to you) until I beckon you. 

PS: You will take your blouse and dress off now as well, pets don't wear clothes. 

PPS: You can keep on the hosiery, I know that some of the men here like it. 

I stared at the e-mail, pondering what exactly the punishment would be... and surprised that my cunt was already wet with anticipation, even though I feared it. 

Reluctantly, I took off my dress, feeling incredibly vulnerable with my massive, sagging tits in clear view. 

Sighing heavily, and feeling chilled, my nipples instantly completely erect, I grabbed a file and tried to work. 

It wasn't even five minutes before Elmer Benedict, one of the accountants walked into my new office. He smiled wide and said, "Well, so it's really true." 

I didn't respond. Out of all the white people here, Elmer would be the one I would least want to do anything sexual with. He is almost 300 pounds and quite creepy. 

We walked over to me and said, "Those tits are huge." 

"Yeah, thanks," I replied sarcastically, not looking up. 

"Bitch," he said raising his voice, quite shocking considering he was so meek and mild in his demeanour with me until this encounter. 

"Excuse me?" I questioned, trying to be my old self, even as I sat on a chair, naked, with a dildo up my cunt. 

"You're just the company cum bucket now," he said, slapping my left tit. "And I have a deposit to make." 

Shifting quickly from defiant to pleading, I begged, "Please Elmer, not you too." 

"Seriously?" he scoffed. "You have used me ever since I started working here." He then pinched both my nipples and added, "Especially using these big puppies." 

"That is not true," I countered, even though I supposed there was some truth to it. He was so meek and mild that it was easy to manipulate him into doing whatever I wanted... and yes, in retrospect, I had used my looks and tits to manipulate him. 

"Bull shit," he again scoffed, as he pulled hard on my nipples, which frustratingly made me moan. 

"Aaaaaah," I moaned, as the rough treatment made me hot. 

"You like that?" he asked, twisting them simultaneously. 

"Nooooooo," I whined in pain. 

"Bull shit," he repeated, continuing to cause intense pain, which led to intense pleasure. 

"Please stop," I begged. 

"Sure, I'd rather just have you suck my cock anyway," he shrugged, giving one last tug on my tits. 

Just wanting this humiliation to end, I quickly fished out his dick, which was surprisingly thick, but not long, and deep throated it. 

"That's it slut, suck it like the pretentious bitch you are," he said. 

I never considered myself pretentious. Yet, from the treatment of the secretaries, to the French bitch who was pretentious herself, to the night staff and now Elmer, I guessed I had to really take a good look in the mirror. 

Did everyone see me as a pretentious bitch? 

Did everyone see me the way I myself saw Ms. Goldstein? 

As I bobbed up and down on his cock, I pondered this. I had never once considered that fellow employees didn't like me. Sure, I could be overbearing and intense, but I still thought most saw me as hard working and compassionate. Yet, the more I was used and dominated, the more I was learning that how I thought I was perceived wasn't how I was actually perceived. This was, in many ways, more disheartening, than the sexual humiliation I continued to get. 

"Getting close, you fucking dirty Mexican slut," he announced. 

I wasn't Mexican, but I was also learning that many white people couldn't tell the difference between many of us southern peoples... which makes sense I suppose, as I can't tell the difference between a Canadian, a Brit and an American at first appearance. 

"Here it comes," he declared, as he pulled out and ordered, "Take it all on your Mexican face." 

"I'm Dominican," I corrected, as I opened my mouth to catch his cum. 

"Like, I give a fuck," he said, as he shot his surprisingly full load all over my face. 

Once he was done coating my face with his cum, he instructed me, "I expect you to wear my cum with pride, my Mexican slut." 

"Yes, sir," I nodded, not bothering to correct his racial error. 

"Actually, you look rather natural with cum all over you," he said, as he shoved his cock back in my mouth. "Clean me up." 

I sucked his cock for a moment before I heard another guy's voice, "H-h-holy shit." 

"Hey, Barry." Elmer greeted, pulling out of my mouth. "You want a turn?" 

Barry, an eighteen year old, was our all-purpose guy. He did the mail run, the filing and was hired for the disability credit the government gave out for students in their senior year or right out of high school. Although his only real disability was a stammer when he spoke. 

"G-g-golly gee," he stammered, looking at me with shock and awe. 

"Tell him how much you want to suck his cock," Elmer ordered me. 

Reluctant, yet understanding my new job description, and assuming that he was a complete virgin, I looked at the eighteen-year-old and coyly asked, "Does Barry want to get a blow job?" 

"Talk dirty, whore," Elmer ordered, tapping my nose with his slowly shrinking dick. 

I reworded, feeling aroused at the demeaning treatment and the idea of being his first blow job, assuming I was right, "Come to your full-time Dominican cum bucket and let me suck every drop of your cum down my throat." 

"Or all over her Mexican face," Elmer added, ignoring my last sentence where I stressed the word Dominican. 

"Or shoot your load all over my Dominican face," I corrected, before adding, wanting to possibly be his first fuck too, my mind back in slut mode, "Or slam that big teen dick in my wet cunt." 

"Or her fat Mexican ass," Elmer added, clearly enjoying calling me a Mexican. 

Yet, I again ignored his condescending racial ignorance and offered, "Or my big fat tight Dominican asshole." I always liked how asshole sounded so much dirtier than just ass. 

"Get over here boy," Elmer ordered, as he put his shrinking member away. 

"I-I-I don't know," Barry stammered, clearly out of his comfort level. 

"Get over here now, boy," Elmer repeated, "She wants your dick. That is what she is paid for." 

That hurt. I know it was true now, yet I still tried to see myself as an integral member of the accounting firm... which I suppose I was, just not in the way I was a couple of days ago. 

I agreed with Elmer though, "Yes, Barry, my job is to make sure you are happy and stress free." 

"And your balls are drained," Elmer added, clearly enjoying the role reversal. 

"I'm here whenever you need to deposit a load, baby," I said seductively, wishing Elmer would leave and I could have Barry to myself. 

Barry walked over tentatively, like a child does when he knows he is in trouble. It was cute and only made me want to devour his cock more, even as the first load of Elmer's dried on my face. 

Elmer slapped Barry on the back and said, "That a boy," as he walked out and added, "I'll be back later today to deposit a second load." 

"I can't wait," I responded, although my tone dripped with sarcasm. 

"Be careful bitch," he threatened, as he stopped and glared at me. "I've always wanted a dirty cum whore to use as I wished." 

Unable to not be snappy, I quipped back, "Yes, I can't imagine you get many women on your own." 

"You fucking bitch," he roared, "I'll make you pay." 

"Not with that tiny dick," I shot back, even though his width would cause my ass to burn. 

"Oh, you'll see," he said, ominously and walked out his fat cheeks burning red with anger. 

I sighed, knowing I had just likely made things worse for myself, but also enjoying the brief satisfaction of giving back all that was thrown at me... my Dominican pride finally shining through these black dark clouds. 

Turning back to a trembling Barry, I asked, "You're eighteen right?" 

"Y-y-yes, m-m-ma'am," he nodded. 

"Are you a virgin?" I asked, dying to confirm my suspicions. 

"Y-y-yes, m-m-m-m-ma'am," he again nodded really struggling to speak, his already flushed cheeks going redder with that question. 

It was nice to be called ma'am for a change. I glanced down at his crotch area and saw a nice bulge. 

I asked, as I squeezed it through his trousers, "Is this because of me?" 

"Y-y-yes, m-m-m-m-m," he stuttered intensely, unable to get a word out as I squeezed his seemingly nice package. 

"Can I pull out your cock to play with, Barry?" I asked, although I didn't wait for an answer, as I fished his very erect nine inch cock, easily the longest fat dick I'd ever seen in my life. I spoke in Spanish, "joder, es el cipote mas largo y gordo que he visto en mi vida." 

"Ohhhhhhh," he groaned, not even able to get a word out. 

"This is a beautiful big cock, Barry," I complimented, both because it was true and because this cute boy needed some confidence. 

"T-t-t-t-thank y-y-y-y-you," he struggled to get out as I slowly stroked his amazing member. 

"The girls would be all over you at high school if they knew what you were packing," I said, which was true... high school and college girls loved length. As you get older, how a man uses his cock is more important; or in my case, how he uses me. 

"R-r-r-realllllly?" he asked, clearly completely lacking confidence and probably out casted or bullied in school. 

"That is a 100 percent guarantee," I nodded, licking his long hard shaft. "Size matters, only guys with small cocks think it doesn't. And you, my cute boy, have one of the biggest dicks I have ever scene. 

Before he could say anything else, I took his cock in my mouth. 

He groaned, as I began the slow tease. I wanted him to enjoy his first blow job, I wanted him to remember this moment forever, and plus, I too wanted to enjoy his first time. So different than the verbal thrashings I had been getting. 

I also knew if I went even slightly fast, he would shoot his load and I wanted this to last for both of us. 

Even so, in less than a couple of minutes, he stammered, "C-c-close." 

I took his dick out and asked, "Do you want to come in my mouth or on my face, baby?" 

"M-m-mouth," he answered. 

"Good choice," I smiled up at him, before taking his cock back in my mouth and immediately shifting to fast, deep bobs. 

"Aaaaaaah," he grunted, a few seconds later before I felt his cum shoot into my mouth. 

I kept bobbing, milking every last remnant of his cum into my mouth, wanting him to feel sexual heaven. 

When there was no more come to retrieve, I took his big cock out of my mouth and said, meaning it, "I'd love to be your first, sweetheart." 

"W-w-why?" he asked, as he put his cock away, the look of guilt spreading across his face... a common feeling once the orgasm has been spent. 

"Because you are a sweet boy and have a nice cock," I answered, "plus, I've never been anyone's first before." 

"R-r-really?" he asked, surprised. 

"Yes," I nodded, "whenever you are on your next break, why don't you come back to big momma and let me take you to places you didn't know existed." 

"K," he nodded, for the first time not stammering, albeit it was only a one letter response. After a moment, he added, "T-t-thank you." 

"Oh, the pleasure was all mine," I answered, and it was. Seeing the look of euphoria on his face was the first time I had felt good about my fall from grace. 

He left and I began working on the computer, a dildo still in my wet cunt. 

I was left alone for almost an hour, before Bryce sauntered in. My Dominican pride and stubbornness rising to the front, I shot, "Thanks for getting me in this position." 

He laughed. "I made you eat all those cunts, get gangbanged by our janitors and suck a high school's kid's cock?" 

Fuck! Truthfully, he didn't make me do anything. 

Sure he got the ball rolling with his blackmail, but I could have said no to him and let the chips fall where they may. 

I could have said no to Ms. Goldstein. 

I could have said no to all the secretaries who used me, as well as Juliette. 

I could have said no to Elmer and not eagerly offered to suck the virgin Barry, never mind offering to take his cherry later today. 

No, this was my own weakness... my own choice... and I still could get up and walk out. 

Yet, I didn't. 

"What, no witty comment to that?" he asked, walking over to me. 

I remained silent, nothing I could say would improve my current predicament. 

"Go ahead, slut, get another dose of the white meat you crave," he offered, his crotch now in my face. 

Fuck! I did crave it. My mouth watering as soon as the words 'white meat' were said. 

I wordlessly fished out his still flaccid cock and took it in my mouth. 

"I thought so," he said smugly, which only made my cheeks burn deeper with shame even as my cunt burned for attention. 

I did enjoy a cock growing in my mouth, the rare feeling of power, knowing it was getting stiff because of me (not that getting a guy hard is an overly difficult thing to do). 

"Such a cock sucking spic," he groaned, once it was completely stiff and I began bobbing hungrily like a slut, not wanting to enjoy this cock sucking like I just had Barry's. 

Frustratingly I was. Once a cock was in my mouth or any of my holes for that matter, I was no longer a proud Dominican, but rather just another slut willing to do anything to give and receive pleasure. 

Pulling his cock out of my mouth, he ordered, "Thank me for getting you your new job." 

"T-t-thank you," I stammered, another gush of shame enflaming both my cheeks and cunt. 

"What are you thanking me for?" he asked, shoving his cock in my mouth and violently fucking my face, making me gag as his balls bounced off my chin. 

When he pulled back out, tears in my eyes from the gagging, I replied, somehow wanting to make him happy at my own humiliating expense, "Thank you for assisting in getting me this new position." 

"Which is?" he questioned, again slamming his cock in my mouth. 

When he pulled out, I answered, "Cum bucket and other assigned duties." 

"A job you were born to do?" he said, phrasing it as a question. 

These were always the ones that were hard for me to answer. I had spent my entire life trying to break the racist stereotypical heritage, I had achieved it for the majority of my life (take away the brief submission to Vaughn, and one night in college... I don't count the racial role playing, which protected me from my own sexual weakness) until it all came tumbling down like a house of cards. 

Yet, I nodded, wanting his white cock back in my mouth, wanting to serve him as the submissive I was, "Yes, Master, this is the job I was born to do." 

"And you are an eager cocksucker for white cock?" he questioned. 

"Yes, Master, I love sucking big juicy white cocks like yours," I admitted, somehow feeling freer by declaring it without hesitation. The reality was I loved white cock, always had, and although I had denied the temptation through role playing with my husband, the cold hard truth was I would do almost anything to suck and fuck white cock. 

"And you are an ass whore for white cock?" he continued. 

"Yes, Master, I was trained as a teenager to give my fat ass to my white Master," I answered, reliving my past and the journey that led me to my situation today... accepting my past and who I had become... maybe who I had always been. 

"And what about that cunt of yours?" he asked, this time moving his mushroom top all around my hungry lips, teasing me with his white magic wand, that turned me from professional business woman to cum hungry bimbo slut so easily, "Is that open for loads of dominant white seed?" 

"Yes, Master," I nodded, wanting his cock in my mouth, my ass and cunt. Willing to spread my legs wide open and accept his dominant seed, allow myself the risk of becoming pregnant with a white man's child. 

"And what about your husband?" he asked, tapping his cock on my lips. 
