 Summary: Slut and black husband submit to white men and women. 

Note: This is dedicated to the real Johnathan and Elizabeth who inspired the story. The entire back story is based on real events...the plotlines are real fantasies of the lovely couple. 

Note 2: This is part eight of a multi-chaptered story: 

In part one, Dominican Slut: Ass Slut, Elizabeth, a proud Dominican teenager determined to overcome stereotypes, gets seduced by a white college man and becomes his personal cocksucker and ass slut. 

In part two, Dominican Slut: Blackmailed, the story flashes ahead twelve years, where Elizabeth, now married, with two kids and working as a very successful accountant has indeed broken the long line of generations of family members working in menial jobs. Yet, one mistake from college comes back to haunt her, and she is drawn back into the world of white dominance as she is blackmailed into submission. 

In part three, Dominican Slut: Cunt Muncher, Elizabeth's Jewish bitch boss learns of her submissive slut past and present and reassigns her to job duties as the firms CUM BUCKET...where she proceeds to taste pussy for the first, second and third time. 

In part four, Dominican Slut: Humiliated Pet, Elizabeth is trained to be a completely submissive pet for her boss...including being treated like a variety of animals. It ends, with an order to obey all the night staff. 

In part five: Dominican Slut: Janitor Gangbang, Elizabeth is forced to serve all the janitorial staff which adds to the humiliation for the once proud professional accountant and Dominican. 

In part six: Dominican Slut: Office Cocksucker, Elizabeth is used by her male co-workers, taking facial after facial as she becomes literally the firm's cum bucket... ending with the shocking revelation that her husband had watched her whole cock sucking submission. 

In part seven: Dominican Slut: Office Sluts, Elizabeth walks in to her Mistress's office and sees her husband bent over being sodomized by Ms. Goldstein while he licks Juliette's stocking-clad feet. What followed next was the ultimate submission of both Elizabeth and her husband to whites and eventually an acceptance of their true purpose in life...obedience to white men and woman. 

Note 3: Thanks to goamz86, Robert and Wayne for editing. 

Warning: Like my novella 'Deconstructing the Professor', this story will use racially inappropriate words to create the vivid, authentic race based story that has been requested. If words like 'nigger', 'spic', 'puta', 'gringa', 'culo', 'tetas', 'coño', 'chocha' 'mierda' and 'joder' offend you, please don't read further. 

Glossary: 

I am a Canadian writing a story about a Dominican using a variety of Spanish terms. So, although I think I do a good job of explaining the Spanish words I use during the heat of the moment, here is a brief advance glossary: 

Puta: whore 

Culo: ass 

Tetas: tits 

Chocha: cunt 

Polla: cock 

Wife: esposa 

Por favor: please 

no pares: do not stop 

Dios mio: my god 

Me corro: I cum 

Joder: fuck 

Mierda: shit or fuck 

PS: If any of these are used incorrectly, I apologize in advance Urban Dictionary and Google Translate were my main sources. 

DOMINICAN SLUT: ORGY FINALE 

It had been three hours since I had taken the teen intern Barry's virginity, and theoretically time to leave work and head home. Usually Johnathan was home by five, although having a live-in Haitian nanny always meant it was okay to get home late. 

I wondered if Johnathan was still here at the office. I had had no visits since Barry unloaded his cum in my cunt. It was so adorable to watch his facial expression when he came in me; I loved the thrill of knowing I was his first, knowing he would always remember this day, remember me. 

I offered for him to come back later and take my ass if he wanted, but, much to my chagrin, he hadn't returned, nor, oddly, had anyone else, man or woman. 

I texted Johnathan: 

My honey, 

Are you still here? 

I then texted our maid: 

Hi Patricia, 

I may be late tonight, Johnathan may be too. 

I received a text back from Johnathan's phone, although it wasn't from Johnathan: 

Hi Slut, 

Save your work on the Boldershaw file, grab your flag and come back to my office. 

Mistress G 

I texted back, a rush of excitement over what may transpire next, as well as the obvious reality that my husband was indeed still here: 

Yes, Mistress, I will be there ASAP. 

I saved the file I was working on, stood up, the plastic cock that had been lodged inside me for three hours slipping out of my wet cunt, looked at the flag, which I knew was going to be used in some derogatory way against me. I was still able to see some of the white cum stains on it from yesterday. Yet, instead of obeying, I left it on the couch were it was and headed to Ms. Goldstein's office, hoping she wouldn't notice my purposeful defiance (yet, oddly, looking forward to what the punishment may be if she did notice). 

I felt my wetness leak out of me as I returned to my Mistress, my husband and God knows who else. 

Reaching the office, noticing her secretary Alannah wasn't there, I knocked on the door. 

"Come in, slut," Ms. Goldstein called out. 

I was expecting to see my husband in some sort of humiliating position, although having seen him licking Juliette's feet while simultaneously getting ass fucked by Ms. Goldstein's strap-on, I wasn't sure what could possibly be more humiliating... but of course... there is always something. 

I walked in and saw my husband on all fours sucking on the cock of Mr. Goldstein, Ms. Goldstein's father, and owner of the firm, while Jeremy, who I had assumed was gay, was fucking Johnathan from behind. 

I stared in disbelief. 

I stared in undeniable excitement. 

Seeing my husband on all fours taking two men in him was incredibly arousing, more wetness leaking out of me. 

He couldn't see me, as Juliette, now naked except for a strap-on cock and thigh high stockings asked, "Is that Mexican twat of yours getting wet watching your nigger faggot husband getting spit-roasted?" 

I was long past pretending to be a proud Dominican, no longer willing to try and correct her purposeful mistake, instead, I nodded, "My concha is tripping wet, Mistress." 

"Where is your flag?" Ms. Goldstein questioned with a clearly perturbed tone, from her desk. 

"I forgot it, Mistress," I lied. 

"Fucking disrespectful spic liar," she roared. "Go fucking get it now." 

"Y-y-yes, Mistress," I stammered, scared by her glare and tone, yet oddly excited to obey her and hear the litany of derogatory names. 

I quickly scurried out, shaking my head at the thought I could actually have gotten away with not bringing the flag. Although I was willing to be a complete whore to whoever she made me suck, lick or fuck, I didn't want to disrespect my country's flag. 

I grabbed the cum stained flag, and quickly returned to my husband's gay act, not wanting to miss a thing. 

Returning, I fell to my expected position on my knees and witnessed Johnathan begging, "Oh please, Jeremy fuck my nigger ass with your big dominant white cock." 

"But your wife was a bad disobedient girl," Ms. Goldstein pointed out. 

"I'm back, Mistress," I declared, hoping to take the attention off of Johnathan and put it on me. 

"Your husband must pay for your disobedience," Ms. Goldstein said. 

"Make me pay, Mistress," I offered, willing to do anything to ironically allow my husband to get, what did she call it, spit-roasted again. I also noticed his dick was rock hard. 

"Oh, I plan to," she nodded, "every decision you make has consequences, isn't that right, Candace?" 

I gasped, although her desk was completely to the floor and I was unable to see my sweet southern innocent secretary, I immediately knew she was under the desk licking, likely, her first pussy. 

"Yes," I heard Candace weakly answer. 

"Yes, what, bimbo slut?" Ms. Goldstein questioned, looking down at her. 

"Yes, Mistress," she corrected, her tone implying the utter shame she was feeling. 

"And why are you on your knees, under my desk, licking my cunt?" Ms. Goldstein questioned, just as Mr. Goldstein snapped his fingers at me and pointed to his cock. 

I crawled to him wordlessly as I listened to Candace's answer. 

"Because I am a dumb bimbo who chose a darkie over a whitie," Candace answered, tears clearly rolling down her face, even though I couldn't see her. 

"And what is your new role?" Ms. Goldstein asked, as I reached Mr. Goldstein. 

"Cunt licker and cock sucker for the night staff," she answered. 

As I wordlessly took Mr. Goldstein's five inch cock in my mouth, I heard Ms. Goldstein explain, "You see Elizabeth, your weakness led to your innocent secretary's downfall, since we no longer need her as a secretary we had to give her new job duties as well. And, well, we know that our night staff has become a lot happier after one night of having their own cum bucket, but, truth be told, we want you to carry our child, so the night staff will no longer be able to shoot their loads in your cunt." 

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. 

"Although, our little Candace here will have three holes available to keep our night staff happy, won't you Candace?" Ms. Goldstein explained. 

"Yes, Mistress," Candace again weakly answered, likely in a similar position of submission or lose her job... and with no real job market out there it was sexual submission or the unemployment line. 

As I bobbed back and forth on the smallish white cock, I felt guilt course through me at the reality that my decision, my weakness, had put such a sweet girl in such a humiliating situation. 

"Resume licking, cunt licking Candace," Ms. Goldstein ordered. 

"Do you feel guilty for the predicament you have put sweet Candace in?" Mr. Goldstein asked, as he pulled his cock out of my mouth. 

"Yes, sir," I nodded, as I glanced to my husband who remained on his knees, now watching me. 

"And what about your husband, do you feel guilty about the predicament you have put him in?" he asked. 

"I feel guilty about that too," I replied, before adding, "although I have accepted, and I think Johnathan has too, the natural hierarchy of submission." 

"Which is?" he asked, looking down at me amused. 

"Niggers and spics were born to serve whites," I answered bluntly. 

"Is that true, faggot?" he asked my husband, as he shoved his cock back into my mouth. 

"Yes, Master," my husband replied. 

"And what if we want to shoot our cum inside your wife?" Mr. Goldstein asked, as he grabbed my head with both hands and began fucking my face. 

"We are just your humble slaves to serve you, my husband replied, sounding as submissive as I had ever heard him. 

"Call the boys," Mr. Goldstein ordered. 

"Yes, Daddy," Ms. Goldstein replied, clearly she too had a submissive streak in her. 

Ms. Goldstein paged the office, "Bryce, Elmer, Walker and Barry please come to my office ASAP." 

"Get undressed, except for the stockings and then on all fours, spic," Mr. Goldstein ordered, again sliding his cock out of my mouth. 

"Yes, sir," I obeyed, quickly and eagerly getting out of my clothes and then moving onto all fours, while looking directly at my husband and realizing Walker was the one man I hadn't served yet. 

He mouthed, 'I love you'. 

I smiled briefly as Mr. Goldstein grabbed the flag and put it on me, tying it around my neck as if it was a cape, just another added humiliation and reminder of the race play at work. 

Mr. Goldstein then moved behind me and slid his cock in my cunt. He asked, "Are you ready to see your wife get gangbanged and shot with load after load of cum?" 

"Yes, Master," Johnathan nodded, his cock still iron stiff. 

"And what if she gets pregnant?" Mr. Goldstein asked. 

"It is the Lord's decision," he answered, having been snipped himself after our second child. 

Mr. Goldstein chuckled as he fucked me from behind. "That is priceless." 

"Lick the inside of my shoes, faggot," Juliette ordered my husband as she tossed them in front of him. 

"Yes, Mistress Pichot," my husband ordered, leaning down and beginning to lick, like a dog, the inside of her shoe. 

"Here comes the first of many loads," Mr. Goldstein declared moments before depositing his seed deep inside me. 

"Thank you, sir," I moaned, loving the feeling of cum shooting deep in me and to my unprotected womb. 

"You want to carry a white baby?" he asked, as he kept slamming into me. 

"Yes, sir," I moaned, the idea so naughty, so taboo, it only enhanced my utter submission. 

The door opened just as he pulled out and Jeremy said, "I guess I get sloppy seconds." 

My face burned with shame and excitement, the polar opposites continuing to create a unique euphoria inside me. 

"Oh, this is priceless," Bryce declared, as Jeremy plunged into my cunt. 

I didn't look behind me, instead focusing on watching my husband lick the inside of Juliette's shoes. 

"I knew she was a slut, but the fact that she married a nigger sissy, now that is priceless," Bryce continued. He pulled me up off my knees, Jeremy's cock sliding out of me. With cum leaking out of my well fucked cunt, he kissed me passionately while simultaneously embracing me, as if we were lovers and not Master and submissive. 

This was strange. Being called names, being used, that was what I expected. But this was a passionate kiss, his tongue exploring my mouth, and mine eventually exploring his... and somehow, even though my husband was here and likely watching this passionate kiss, felt way more like cheating than all the sick, twisted stuff I had already done. 

"Oh, that gives me a great idea," Juliette said, just as Bryce broke the kiss. I was dazed and confused by this intimate moment. I looked over at my husband. He was looking not at me, but at Juliette, who was beginning to take off one of her stockings. 

I immediately knew what she was thinking. She was going to feminize my husband even more... humiliation compounding humiliation. 

I was roughly pushed back down on all fours as Jeremy ordered, "Back in your natural position, spic." 

"Yes, Master," I replied, still watching everything else as he slid back into me. 

"Wait," Ms. Goldstein said. "I have another pair in my desk drawer." 

"You always come prepared," Juliette joked, pulling her stocking back up her leg. 

"I hate runs," Ms. Goldstein shrugged, as she opened her drawer and tossed a still in the package pair of stockings to her. 

"Hasn't that white slut got you off yet?" Juliette asked, as she opened the package. I was standing there watching frozen in place still stunned by the kiss and in intrigued awe at what they were about to do to my husband; I had also forgotten that poor Candace was under the desk licking away... I imagine for the first time in her life. 

"I'm just letting her lap away slowly," Ms. Goldstein responded, "I'm not sure the innocent southern belle is ready for the sexual debauchery that is happening." 

"The prude needs to see what she is about to become," Juliette said, as she pulled the stocking out and ordered, "Nigger, get on your back and lift your legs up in the air." 

Everyone laughed as my big, masculine looking black husband, quickly rolled onto his back and put his legs high up in the air like a woman would if Channing Tatum walked into the room. 

"Slut, crawl out from underneath my desk and go kneel beside Juliette," Ms. Goldstein ordered, as Jeremy began really fucking me. 

I finally looked behind me and saw all the men from the office were now in the room witnessing me getting fucked and my husband being humiliated... even the rather obese Walker. 

I turned back to see Juliette beginning to put the first black stocking on his leg. She joked, "Too bad we don't have any white stockings." 

"Yes, both our nigger slut and our spic slut should be in white nylons," Ms. Goldstein nodded in agreement, "then they could at least be kind of white like they have always fantasized being." 

"Want my cum in your slut box?" Jeremy asked, his cock having last been in my husband's ass. 

"God yes, fill my cunt with your dominant load," I moaned, my orgasm slowly rising, as I watched my husband have stockings put on his muscular legs. 

"Slut, I expect you to shave our nigger princess's legs, ass and chest when you get home," Juliette ordered, as she finished putting the second stocking on. 

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, just as I felt a second load explode inside me. 

I felt such a rush knowing that my womb was unprotected and it was around the time I should be ovulating. It wouldn't surprise me if by the end of this evening I was pregnant. 

As soon as he pulled out, I looked behind and Elmer was replacing him. Meanwhile, Walker moved in front of me and offered me his semi-erect dick, which was poking out from his rolls of fat. I reluctantly took his cock in my mouth, his sweaty smell not appealing, just as Elmer filled my cunt. 

Bryce asked, "How does your queen look on her knees with my dick in her mouth boy?" 

I was actually annoyed I couldn't see what they were doing to Johnathan but I listened intently. "It turns me on," Johnathan admitted. 

"So you like watching your wife suck and fuck white dick?" Bryce continued. 

"Yes, Master," Johnathan again admitted, his tone hinting at the shame of a man not able to stand up for his woman. 

"Candace, take off your panties," Juliette ordered. 

"Please, no," Candace finally spoke. 

"Do as you're told, or everyone here fucks your cunt and ass," Ms. Goldstein threatened. 

"O-k-k-kay," Candace stammered. 

As I sucked on the now erect six inch cock, while simultaneously getting fucked, I heard Juliette roar, "Are you kidding me? Those aren't even remotely sexy." 

Ms. Goldstein added, "Apparently your next task is to buy panties that are sexy." 

"Or go without any at all," Juliette added. 

"Agreed," Ms. Goldstein replied. "Slut, except when it is that time of month you are to no longer wear panties, is that clear?" 

"Yes, Mistress," I heard Candace weakly agree. 

I felt horrible for her, but was feeling pretty good myself as Elmer really fucked me hard. 

"Nigger, how can a married, moral man allow his wife to be used as a cum bucket?" Bryce asked. 

I didn't hear a response as I continued getting slammed from behind. 

"Answer me, nigger," Bryce roared. 

"I-I-It turns me on," my husband reluctantly admitted. 

"I can see that," Bryce replied, "your dick is rock hard." 

"Yes, Master," Johnathan humbly responded. 

"It's Master Bryce to you, nigger," he corrected. 

"Sorry, yes, Master Bryce," my husband corrected himself, sounding so submissive. 

"Did you enjoy watching me kiss your wife?" Bryce questioned. 

"No, Master Bryce," Johnathan answered. 

"Why?" Bryce questioned. 

"It was too intimate," Johnathan admitted. 

"So fucking her face, coming all over her face, filling her unprotected womb with dominant cum, pounding her wide ass and using her as a three-hole cum bucket for whites is okay, but kissing her isn't?" Bryce asked, the question clearly meant to humiliate, to make the already clear situation even clearer. 
