 Apt. 9D The Dominant Divorcee

rutger5 (An original story - Copyright 2013)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Intro: No character development, plot, or anything like that in this story (this series really). Just a dirty sex story. So if that's what you're looking for you came to the right place. Enjoy!

"Is that all the packages for today Brian?" I asked the Fed-Ex delivery man as I signed electronically for the single next day package that sat on the front desk.

"Well that's all I have for you Don. Maybe Ground will have something for the building, I'm not sure."

"He was already here, same thing with UPS. I am so sick of those guys in their brown shorts thinking they're God's gift to women. Makes it harder for those of us who really are, yet we have to wear grown up pants for our job."

"Uh okay Don, see you tomorrow," he said shaking his head at my comments as he departed.

Just because he didn't notice it meant nothing. I knew I was right about this but there was no sense in getting upset. It was true that they got fawning newspaper articles written about them by women reporters every year when the weather would become warmer while the only time doormen were mentioned in the press was when we might go on strike, but so what? In our quiet way we provided a greater service to the females of Manhattan, some of us quite frequently and enjoyably.

Well there was no reason to dwell on any of that I decided, especially with it being so close to lunch. One more task and then I'd have a glorious hour of freedom awaiting me. Checking the tenant registry I located the phone number of the apartment I sought and a minute later I was listening to the sound of ringing over my headset. It was on the fifth ring and I was wondering if anyone was home when it was answered.

"Hello," came the sound of a woman's voice and she sounded out of breath to me.

"Yes hello, this is Don in the lobby. Is this Ms. Tyler?"

"Yes it is. Good morning or should I say good afternoon Don."

"Well it just turned noon so either way is fine ma'am."

"What can I do for you today Don?"

"I just wanted to let you know a package has arrived for you. Its express delivery so I thought it might be important and wanted to inform you right away."

"Thank you so much Don, I've been anxiously waiting for it. Is there any way you can bring it up? Normally I would send Blanca down but she's tied up with something right now."

Groaning inwardly I looked at my watch realizing this favor would cut into my lunch break but I resigned myself to it before answering her.

"Certainly Ms. Tyler, I'll bring it straight up."

"Thanks so much Don, you are a life saver. And I assure you that you'll be well rewarded for your help."

"No need ma'am, just doing my job."

I informed Jose I was bringing the package upstairs then taking lunch so he could watch the desk in the interim. On the ride up to the 9th floor I recalled what Ms. Tyler had said and felt bad that Blanca had been unable to collect the package. Not only would it have saved me the trip upstairs but it was always a visual treat to see Ms. Tyler's live in Latina maid. She had worked for the rich divorcee for a little over a year by this time and she was muy caliente.

Long black hair cascaded down past her shoulders to frame her pretty face and she had the biggest doe-like brown eyes I'd ever seen. Her name was very apt for unlike many of those with her heritage her skin was as pale and white as the summer moon. Blanca did have the stereotypical Hispanic figure however, with a big, round ass and small, though not tiny, breasts. In short she was a living wet dream and she never failed to arouse me whenever I saw her pass through the lobby while running some errand.

Well I had no doubt I'd see her soon so there was no sense crying about it I thought as I rang the doorbell to the apartment. When a minute passed with no answer I pressed the button again when a voice came over the intercom mounted next to the door.

"Don, is that you?"

"Yes it is Ms. Tyler."

"The door is unlocked so would you mind letting yourself in?"

"Not at all, I'll see you in a minute," I replied after which I opened the apartment door and stepped inside.

Classical music was what I first heard as I entered the foyer, it was Vivaldi's Four Seasons I believe, but as I closed the door behind me I heard another faint sound that I couldn't place coming from deeper inside the apartment.

"Ms. Tyler?" I called out.

"Yes Don, we're in the living room. Can you join us here please?"

"Certainly," I replied as I followed the sound of her voice.

The living room was large and I could only see a small part of it from my initial vantage point in the foyer. When I entered I didn't see anyone when I again heard the unknown noise prompting me to turn toward the direction it came from. That section of the room was dominated by a full grand piano in front of a row of windows but it wasn't the sight of the impressive musical instrument that caused my jaw to drop. Rather it was what was on the piano bench that had this profound effect on me.

There around ten feet from where I stood was the maid Blanca and she was tied securely to the wooden bench and almost nude. She was on her stomach with each wrist and ankle fastened to an individual bench leg and the only piece of clothing she appeared to have on was a bright red thong with a thin strip of fabric separating and drawing attention to her firm, plump buttocks.

If that sight wasn't enough to simultaneously shock and arouse me there was also the fact that Blanca had a number of red welts marring her fair skin from her upper back down to her ass and even some on the back of her upper legs. Even more surprising to me was who had given her those, for standing next to the servant was Ms. Tyler and a cruel looking whip was in her patrician hand.

Many times I'd seen her picture in the society section of the newspaper when she attended some opening night gala or charity event dressed in the latest haute couture. But I'd never seen her like this before. She had on a cinched black leather corset with matching gloves along with black bikini panties, stockings and high heel stiletto boots. Her dyed blond hair was in a severe bun and her narrow lips were painted a bright shade of crimson.

"Is that my package Don?" she asked me as I stood with my mouth agape at the scene before me. "Can you bring it here please?"

Even after she asked I remained motionless for another twenty seconds before I was able to shake free of the inertia that had taken hold of me and approach her. With a sweet smile she took the package from me before placing it on the striped back of her maid.

"Now you understand why Blanca was unable to fetch the package though I'm sure she is quite interested in what's inside."

"Sure and I see you weren't kidding when you said she was all tied up before."

Ms. Tyler gave a throaty laugh to my statement before replying to me.

"Yes, I find it necessary as well as enjoyable to discipline her on a regular basis to keep her in line and this package contains something to help with the job. Do you think you could get me my letter opener from the occasional table?"

"Would this do instead?" I asked while producing my pocket tool with a small serrated knife blade.

"Why that will work fine Don, thank you," she said taking it from me.

Ms. Tyler bent down and using Blanca's back like a table she deftly cut open the package. While she did my eyes darted between her smaller toned ass and Blanca's round, fuller one when I noticed a wet spot in the gusset of Ms. Tyler's panties.

"Are you enjoying the view Don?" I heard her ask and when I looked up I saw she was staring at me with a wicked smile on her handsome face.

"Yes I am Ms. Tyler," I replied.

"Good, I'm glad Don and since we're all adults if you prefer you may call me Diana here in private. Would you like to see what was in the package?" she asked but instead of waiting for my reply she lifted the item from the just opened box.

There in her gloved hand Diana Tyler held a leather riding crop which she then swung in the air a few times to test it. The crop made a whistling sound as she did and it was plain that the divorcee was no stranger to such implements and handled them expertly.

"Blanca, look what I have for you," the woman said and after she did the bound maid managed to twist her head to look back at her employer.

When she turned I noticed a few things right off the bat. The first was that in Blanca's mouth was a red ball gag securely fastened with a leather strap to prevent her from speaking. I also noticed her cheeks were streaked with tears from crying, from being disciplined no doubt. But what really struck me was how when she gazed at Diana her eyes revealed undisguised adoration of her employer who'd just been chastising her.

"Here you go Don and thanks again," Diana said as she returned my pocket tool to me. "Would you be interested in watching me try out the newest item in my collection on Blanca?"

"Honestly I find the whole idea intriguing Diana, so by all means go ahead."

"Hmmm, I knew I hadn't misjudged you Don; you're my kind of man. Since she's already received her normal allotment for today I'll be going easy on her but it still should prove entertaining. There's also the matter of your tip to consider. I could get something for you from my purse but I have what I believe to be a better way to reward you," she told me after which her gloved hand reached down and rubbed the prominent bulge in my pants.

"If you mean what I think you do..."

"Oh I most certainly do Don. Why don't you undress while watching me put Blanca through her paces. Then for a start I want to suck what you're hiding in your trousers and we'll go from there."

"Sounds like a plan, a very good one," I told her as my fingers began to loosen my tie.

Diana first put the whip she'd originally had down onto the piano before positioning her body right behind the rear of Blanca and raising the riding crop. She licked her lips sensuously and a second later her toned arm descended in a smooth motion. As I watched eagerly the crop left a thin red line on the white skin of Blanca's right buttock as it kissed her soft skin there.

It must have been a stinging blow for the maid's body flinched so powerfully that the bench she was on rolled slightly and I heard a muffled groan come from behind the gag. Without pausing the socialite divorcee raised her arm and delivered another blow, this time to Blanca's left cheek and left a similar mark.

The maid's taut hamstrings were the next body parts to receive the sweet kiss of the crop from her mistress and after Diana had left her mark there it was Blanca's back that soon bore the brunt. During this I had undressed and was now standing stark naked as I watched the young woman being disciplined. My excitement was great and was reflected not only in my hard cock jutting straight out from my body but also in my sweaty palms and my mouth being as dry as an Englishman's wit.

Turning my way her smile grew wider as Diana's eyes focused on my straining cock and a moment later she stood beside me. She playfully prodded my erection with the tip of the crop as her hazel eyes met mine causing me to groan as my hard flesh bobbed about. Her gloved finger then pressed to my lips before trailing down my body until it too reached my erection at which time her hand encircled it.

"Come," was all she said as she led me to stand in front of the bound Blanca.

She crouched down before me and moved the bench cushion which was on the floor to near my feet and knelt there. During this time her hand had kept a firm grip on my erection and as soon as she was kneeling Diana licked my hard cock. From right above the base and continuing all the way up to my swollen crown her agile tongue traced a winding path before working its way down the other side.

Her eyes then met mine at which time she parted her lips and engulfed my head in her warm, wet mouth. My groan came from deep inside me and encouraged her as she swallowed more of my hard flesh until it reached the back of her mouth. Unlike some women she was undeterred by this and to my utter delight kept going forward, taking every inch. It was only after her lips met my body and my balls grazed her chin that she stopped.

She held that position for twenty to thirty seconds before she had to pull back, letting my cock slide out of her throat with a little gurgling sound. Her mouth released my hard flesh but as soon as she did Diana began to feverishly kiss the side of my erection, bestowing kisses up and down my full length until I wanted to scream with pleasure. Finally she moved her mouth off me but she kept one gloved hand around me. Her other hand reached out and first unfastened then removed the ball gag from Blanca's mouth and placed it on the maid's striped back.

"Blanca, I have a job for you," Diana told her.

"Yes mistress?" the younger woman replied, though with her adorable accent it sounded more like mees-tress.

"I want you to open your mouth wide and suck Don's big cock for me. Do you understand Blanca?"

The bound maid shook her head from side to side and looked at Diana with a pleading expression on her pretty face.

"Please, no. Don't make me do this..."

"Blanca! Are you refusing my request?" Diana replied in an angry sounding tone.

"I not refuse but you know..."

"Enough. Either you do as you're told or I'll tan your hide so bad you won't be able to sit for a week. Do I make myself clear?"

"Yes mistress," Blanca replied though she looked like she might burst into tears at any moment.

"You know Blanca there are a lot of girls out there who would love to have your job. We don't want anything to happen to make that necessary, do we?"

On hearing that Blanca appeared to be thrown into a panic though due to her bound state her options were somewhat limited. Still she violently managed to shake her head while saying "No, no, no!" at the very suggestion her mistress might discard her.

Having made her point Diana then stroked the maid's hair like one would do with a pet while speaking much more softly to her.

"I don't want that to happen either Blanca, but it's really up to you. All you have to do is obey me and do what I say with no arguments or protests. Now are you ready to suck Don's cock?"

Blanca's head moved up and down like a bobble-head doll while her pretty lips frantically mouthed the word yes over and over.

"Good girl. Do a good job and I'll reward you later. And be careful with your teeth. Don has a very nice cock and I'd hate to see it get scraped by them."

She patted Blanca's head again before turning and looking up at me.

"Use her sweet mouth for your pleasure Don but understand you're the first man she's ever been with so she may be hesitant. It'll be up to you to guide her, with my expert assistance of course."

"Interesting. You say she's never been with a man before?"

"Correct. Blanca was a sweet, innocent, church going naïf from a small town in Colombia when I sponsored her to come to America. Since then I've been doing my best to corrupt her and I've made steady progress so far. But who could blame me? Her body is built for sin, not saying prayers."

"I must agree Diana. She does belong on her knees, but for more carnal purposes," I said as my eyes feasted on her alluring flesh.

"Can you believe she was educated by nuns in a religious school? And she actually considered becoming one herself. Fortunately her family was poor so it became necessary for her to find work to help out with money. Now every month she sends most of her generous salary back to Colombia. But enough about that, let's get her sucking your impressive tool. Open your mouth Blanca."

During our conversation Diana's gloved hand had continued to stroke my rampant erection and as soon as her maid parted her lips Diana guided my cock there. It felt like paradise when I first slid between them and knowing my cock was her first gave me a perverse kind of thrill. To start with I only put my head and just below it in her wet orifice to let her adjust to me. Diana however had a different plan and she took hold of Blanca's long raven hair and pulled it, causing her to take me deeper.

"Use your tongue on the bottom of his cock Blanca, lick it good," she ordered the maid.

Blanca seemed determined to follow her mistress' word to the letter and no sooner had Diana said that then I felt the maid's tongue wriggling against the sensitive underside of my cock. I began to rock my hips slightly, doing just enough to move my cock deeper into her mouth before retreating.

"That's it Don, feed her some hard meat. Here, take her hair," she told me as she stood and brought Blanca's hair towards my hand.

My fingers wrapped around the maid's jet black hair and I tugged on it as I kept up the mini thrusts.

"Hmmm, I think you're being too gentle with her Don. She may be a novice when it comes to fellatio but she can be a workhorse I've discovered. Now since its afternoon I'm going to make myself a cocktail. Would you like one?"

"Normally I don't drink on the job but since I'm technically on my lunch break I don't see why I can't have one. What are you drinking?"

"I'm in the mood for a stiff vodka martini to go along with your stiff cock. And you?"

"The same," I replied.

Diana sauntered across the room, her hips swaying provocatively with each brazen step. Taking her advice to heart my free hand seized Blanca by the back of her head and with one hand there and my right hand still holding her lustrous hair tightly I increased the speed of my thrusts. I also began going deeper, now reaching the back of her mouth with each thrust. By the time Diana returned with a martini glass in each hand Blanca was making gasping sounds from the rough mouth fucking she was receiving and there was a small pool of saliva forming beneath on the polished wood floor. Diana first kissed me before handing me a glass which forced me to release Blanca's hair to take it.

"Oh, I love the sound a cock makes when it makes a girl gag," she told me with a gleam in her eye.

"Well I admit I love the way it feels."

"I'm sure," she said with a laugh before taking a sip, "now open your mouth darling. I have a special treat for you."

When I did Diana slipped a pill between my lips and smiled wickedly.

"What was that?" I asked while holding it in my mouth.

"Oh, just a little concoction that a pharmacist friend prepares specially for me. I'm not sure of the exact formula but suffice it to say it's like fast acting Viagra on steroids. Believe me you'll love what it does for you, Don. Now be a good boy and swallow it down."

I had to slow down in order to drink without spilling the liquid and as I did Diana placed her glass on a coaster on top of the piano. As soon as she had done this she moved the pillow on the floor right behind me and promptly sat there. While I drank she worked her upper body between my wide spaced legs and then with no warning Diana managed to suck one of my balls into her mouth.

"Oh fuck," I groaned with pleasure as Diana suckled on my nut while Blanca continued licking my shaft.

After a minute of this sweet torture Diana pulled her lips from me though she remained where she was. With my drink now half gone I resumed thrusting into Blanca's mouth when I felt something thin and hard across the back of my ball sac. Before I could look down I felt it drawn around the front as well and then pulled tight. When I turned my gaze down I saw a grinning Diana had used a thin, black, plastic zip tie to snugly wrap around my low hanging balls.

"Is that too tight Don?"
