 A private cove in the Florida Keys in early winter, aboard a beautiful wooden boat with all the comforts of home. What could be better? Waking Lindsey on a perfect morning by sliding my hard cock between her lovely ass cheeks into her velvety pussy, that's what. A slow spoon fuck with a voluptuous blonde may be the best way ever invented to start one's day.

"Paradise," Lindsey said in a groggy but sexy voice. "I may never go home."

Sunlight streamed in through the round port lights illuminating the forward cabin, and a warm breeze blew in through an open hatch above our heads. The drone of a big power boat was slowly drowned out by our rising chorus of moans, until orgasms swept through us both and we could hear it again, getting quieter as it moved away.

Lindsey had joined me in Florida three weeks after the final party with my friends when I had closed up the camp for the winter. It was so wonderful to see her smiling face as she walked hurriedly down the dock to meet me. She had been very depressed when she found out I was leaving home to live on the boat, and even though she seemed better right before I left, I had been worried about her. E-mails and phone calls did little to ease my mind, so seeing her with a glowing smile in person was wonderful. She had been dating a little, with the encouragement of the other girls, and life seemed to be turning around for her.

"Dating is so strange," she had told me that first night on the boat in St. Augustine. "I feel like such a slut when it comes time to get physical."

"Lindsey, you've got an orgy room in your basement that cost as much as some people's houses," I laughed.

"I know," she said, "but it's different one-on-one, when you've got 'possible relationship' in the back of your mind. It's going OK though. I'm getting used to it."

After a night in St. Augustine, we spent a wonderful week working our way down the Florida coast to the Keys, and now we were heading west, island hopping our way to Key West.

The droning of the big power boat faded to silence, and Lindsey and I nearly fell asleep again in the peaceful cabin, still spooning with my softened cock inside her, the sound of tiny rippling waves on the sides of the hull lulling us back towards slumber.

"I had Ron at the house last week, fixing that rose trellis on the side of the garage," she said quietly.

"Wow, Really?" I said. "How'd you like him?" Ron had taken over my handyman business, and I was hoping all my old customers would be comfortable with him.

She sheepishly said, "He's not as big as you, but I like him just fine."

I rolled her on her back and she giggled. "You fucked him?" I said with a big smile.

"I think technically he fucked me," she laughed.

"Holy shit, he jumped in with both feet, huh?" I said, shaking my head.

"He sure did," she said with a smile. "The other girls are all quite happy too. I wasn't sure how to tell you. I thought you might think we'd all abandoned you or something."

"No, no. I expected it, at least to some extent," I said. "Ron's a great guy isn't he?"

"Yup," she said. "I'd rather have you back though."

"I'm planning on spending the summer up there," I said. "I talked to Ron a couple weeks ago and he said he'd like to have me as a partner for the summer if I want. I think I'll do it, at least part time."

"Oh goodie, a handsome double-team," she said with a twinkle in her eye. "I'll have to make sure lots of things need fixing."

"Oh we'll fix you up good," I said, and I straddled her upper body and slid my cock into her laughing mouth.

—————————

We glided into Key West on glassy calm seas on a Friday afternoon. I had reserved a slip at a marina not far from Duval Street, so we'd have an easy walk home after partying at all the nightlife establishments.

And party we did. After a week and a half of anchoring in quiet coves we took full advantage of staying right in the heart of one of the great party towns. We tore up Duval Street the first night, dancing in all the clubs, making new friends, and having a blast. Lindsey dirty danced with lots of appreciative guys, and she drank so much I had to hold her upright on the walk back to the boat. The next morning she was a hurtin' unit.

"What the fuck did I do to myself," she moaned, flat on her stomach on the bed. 

I brought her a cup of coffee and patted her beautiful naked behind. She revived enough to sit out on the back deck in the shade of a canvas canopy, and the sweet sea air replaced the stale barroom air deep in her lungs and she felt a little better.

"I think I told someone about the playroom," she said, her brain trying to put together the pieces of last night. "Yeah, I did. He said it'd be worth the 1500 mile drive to experience it," she laughed and winced. "Oh fuck, don't let me laugh again," and she held her head in her hand.

A little later, after a plate of scrambled eggs and fruit, she fumbled in her purse for lipstick and pulled out a piece of paper. "This is the guy!" she said with a surprised smile. "I remember now. He was with that cute red-head you were all over."

"You got her number?" I said excitedly. She was probably the sexiest woman I've ever danced with.

"Whoa, she really got you going, didn't she?" Lindsey laughed. "I'm pretty sure they're married. He wanted us to get together. I think he said they rented a house somewhere nearby . . . but that coulda been another guy."

"You definitely had the interest of quite a few last night. The wild woman of Duval Street," I laughed. "I'm surprised you didn't strip your clothes off. I've heard they don't mind that kinda thing down here."

"Was I that bad?" Lindsey asked, looking a little embarrassed.

"Bad is good sweetie. Bad is good."

We walked to a nearby restaurant for a late lunch and had Cuban sandwiches and thick Cuban coffee, and Lindsey was almost back to her normal self. The cute little Latino waitress earned an extra big tip for being sexy and adorable, and I made a mental note to come back and chat her up some more. You never know.

"So are we calling that couple?" Lindsey asked as we walked down a shady residential street past some of the nicest little houses we'd ever seen.

"That's up to you sweetie," I said.

"Well you know the answer then. That guy was gorgeous," she smiled. She took her cell phone and the piece of paper out of her purse and dialed as we were walking.

"Hi . . . sorry, I don't even know your name but . . . yes, that's me," Lindsey giggled into the phone. "We'd love to . . . yes, OK . . . you know, I'm never gonna remember that, my mind's a little fuzzy today . . . yeah," she giggled. "Why don't you come down to the marina for a drink later. Is four o'clock too early? . . . It's an old wooden power cruiser, dark green with varnished wood on top. The boat's name is Connie . . . yes . . . Oh, Lindsey and Steve," she giggled. "See you then. Bye."

"Did you get their names?" I asked.

"Chip and Lisa," Lindsey said.

"Lisa..." I said dreamily, and Lindsey laughed.

"Boy, you really got it for her don't ya," she said.

"You know me and red-heads," I said.

"I don't think I ever put two and two together before," she said. "You mean all I gotta do is buy a box of hair dye and I'm yours forever?"

"You're already mine forever," I said, "but while you're at the store pick up some freckle makeup and some green contact lenses."

"Oh wow! She pushes ALL your buttons, doesn't she," Lindsey laughed. "I suppose those incredible long legs don't hurt either."

"Leg? What legs? Did she have legs?" I said, smiling.

"I'm yours forever, he says," Lindsey said, shaking her head. "Until a real red-head walks by," she laughed.

"Or that waitress from lunch," I said, squeezing her ass.

"Jesus," she said, shaking her head and smiling with twinkling eyes. "I guess we love you because you're incorrigible, so I can't really complain about it."

"You won't be complaining when Chip fucks you silly," I said.

"No," she said with a sudden faraway look in her eyes. "No I won't."

———————————

"This is sweet!" Chip said as he and Lisa got a good look at the boat. They walked down the dock promptly at four o'clock, Chip in shorts, sandals, and a plain black t-shirt, and Lisa in a bikini top and a little lace skirt. Her bright carrot-colored hair glowed like neon in the afternoon sun, and her light green eyes and full-body freckles made me weak in the knees.

They came aboard and we gave them the tour, and they were clearly envious of my new cruising lifestyle.

"The coolest boat I've ever seen in my life," Chip said. "You're a lucky guy Steve. And to have this beautiful girl by your side..."

"I'm only here for a few more days unfortunately," Lindsey said. "Although I'm thinking another week or two wouldn't hurt."

"Excellent!" I said. "We should celebrate. What do you guys think about getting some take-out at the Cuban place and heading out for a little cruise?"

"Sounds great!" Lisa said.

"A little cruise huh? Well, she's obviously Ginger, so I guess I'm Mary Ann?" Lindsey said, and we all laughed.

"You've got Ginger's body though," Lisa said. "What I wouldn't give for your tits."

"She'll give 'em to you Lisa. Chip and I'll watch," I said with a wink, and Lisa blushed a little.

After a quick trip to the restaurant for take-out we fired up Connie's big diesel and headed out onto the calm sea, singing the theme to Gilligan's Island and laughing hysterically. The weather forecast was perfect, and after an hour we dropped anchor along a deserted shore. After all the sitting and talking while we were underway, Lindsey was eager to get the party started, and she emerged up the steps of the forward cabin companionway stark naked, looking like a blonde Goddess of love.

"You guys feel like a swim?" she asked casually, and she dove in to the crystal clear water.

I was a bit surprised because I still wasn't quite sure if Chip and Lisa were with us for a friendly boat ride, or something more. Chip answered my question.

"Mind if I join her?" he asked.

"She'd kill me if I said no," I said with a big smile.

It took him ten seconds to strip, and he dove in next to Lindsey, embraced her as best he could while treading water, and kissed her passionately.

"I'm not much of a swimmer," Lisa said, and she took my hand and led me along the side deck to the forward companionway, and down the steep steps into the warm cabin with it's soft double bed.

"It's kinda warm down here," I said.

"That's all right," she said. "I like my men sweaty."

We both quickly stripped, and she flopped down on the bed, her long red hair spreading out all around her head. Her skin was deeply freckled from the Florida sun, with perfect bikini tan lines. Light pink nipples hardened before my eyes on top of firm, handful sized orbs of milky white flesh that oozed slightly off the sides of her. But it was those legs — long, slender and fully freckled — that beckoned me. They seemed to go on forever — long enough to wrap around me fully and never let me go. Long enough to kick the stars out of the sky when an orgasm made them flail. Long enough to drive me wild.

I lifted them by the ankles and kissed her feet and suckled her toes, running a free hand down the length of them as far as I could reach. She moaned, wanting my reach to go farther, so she bent her knees slowly, drawing me toward her. The more she bent them the more her perfect pussy exposed itself, and the more her light green eyes flickered with fire. With her feminine treasure spread wide open, I was drawn to the glistening wet lips at legs end, and I devoured the pink flesh with my eager mouth, drinking in the salty sweetness of her juices until she could take no more. She wrapped those glorious legs around my head and locked me in as her body bucked, and a groaning growl turned into a singing scream as she came.

A few moments later I was on my back on the soft bed, with Lisa on all fours above my crotch, her head bobbing up and down on my long cock, when I heard Lindsey at the other end of the boat. It was a sound I knew well — a cry of ecstasy unlike any other, a softly feminine wail that gave me goosebumps. 

"Oh baby! I'm . . . I'm . . ." I said quietly, and I flooded Lisa's warm mouth with cum. She moaned as my body writhed and my cock pumped shot after shot up into her. It overwhelmed her mouth and oozed down onto me and she rubbed it into my crotch and up onto my abdominal muscles.

"Oh God!" she moaned as the hot, sticky fluid fell out of her mouth onto her chin and onto me. With one hand she continued rubbing it into me, and with the other she rubbed it into her face and all over her neck, and then massaged it into her breasts. It was like some kind of offering from the Gods, and she was possessed. It was wild.

"Wow!" she said, looking embarrassed when she stopped. "I've never done THAT before! I don't know what came over me. You know, Chip and I don't do this kind of thing much...I'm a little overwhelmed by you."

I gently pulled her down next to me, and held her in the warmth of the softly lit cabin. "I'm the one who's overwhelmed by you," I said quietly. "You're the sexiest girl I've ever seen in my life."

Being a guy who has a 'thing' for red heads, I couldn't help but compare her in my mind to Chloe, my other red haired beauty. Chloe was just Nineteen when I met her — twenty now — and still has her 'baby fat,' ever so slightly smoother and squishier than she'll be when she matures. In ten years she'll be one of the world's great beauties, and any sane man would say she already is. Magazine cover-girl beautiful. Makeup commercial beautiful. Hollywood would love her if they were smart enough to find her.

Lisa, who was breathing heavy in my arms, was pure sexy. Beautiful, yes, but not the kind that would make her a 'cover-girl.' Her sexiness took my breath away when I first saw her, dancing with Chip in front of a rock-and-roll band, long legs clad in tight, faded jeans, tits only half covered by a tight, scoop neck t-shirt. She had taken her shoes off to dance and was barefoot, her silky bright red hair bouncing to the beat. There were only a few people dancing, and it was clear that her pure, unadulterated sexiness was inspiring the guys in the band to dig deeper and send out a groove that would unhinge her. It worked, and I was in the right place at the right time. And if Lindsey's behavior the night before is any guide, Chip's no slouch in the sexy department either. He's tall, dark and handsome, with piercing eyes that seemed to throw Lindsey off balance. As she and I danced neither one of us could keep our eyes of the powerfully sexy Chip and Lisa.

There was too much alcohol involved to remember why or how we switched partners on the dance floor, but the remainder of the night was a blur of sexy, provocative, and at times downright filthy dancing that had some other folks, and even a couple guys in the band, yelling out encouragement. By the end of the night we were all sweaty and exhausted, but nothing more seemed to be in the cards, which explains why I was so thrilled when Lindsey found their phone number in her purse.

Looking at Lisa's naked body pressed against mine on my bed in the early evening light thrilled me. One of her long legs was bent slightly and on top of mine, and her hand was exploring me with a touch as soft as a feather. My cock was coming back to life and her hand was pulled to it like a magnet.

"You're so big," she said in a near whisper as I grew. "I love the way you felt in my mouth. It's never been so full of cock before."

Her head moved from it's restful position on my shoulder and she kissed her way down my body. She kissed the length of my cock, and kissed my balls and all around them. She sucked them into her mouth while she stroked me, reveling in the long length of it. There was pure lust in her breathing, and a quiet fire in her eyes.

"I need to be in you," I said breathlessly. "How do you want me?"

She must have read my mind, because she got on all fours, presenting her incredible ass to me at the top of those long, bent legs, and dropped her upper body down to the bed with an arched back to end all arched backs. Pure, unadulterated sexiness was obviously her forte.

The sight of her sent my brain spinning wildly, and another otherworldly scream of pleasure from Lindsey drifting towards us from the back cabin set the stage for one of the most powerfully visceral fucks in the history of fucking. The sensations were overwhelming and animalistic — beyond human comprehension, and certainly not anything I could put into words. Lisa's scream at the peak trumped Lindsey's, any day of the week. If I believed in a supreme being I would have bowed down in prayer afterword, but instead I silently worshiped the sexual Goddess laying with me as our bodies slowly recovered. After a few quiet minutes we heard footsteps.

"Can Lisa come out and play," Lindsey asked in a little girl voice as she descended the steps to the front cabin holding Chips hand.

"Looks like she's ready to give you those tits you wanted," I said to Lisa.

Lisa looked stunned, like a dear in the headlights.

"Lindsey kind of insisted honey," Chip said to Lisa.

It was then that we learned more about Chip and Lisa's sex life. Married for twelve years, since they were eighteen, they had only 'swung' twice before, both times on vacation, the last time three years ago. Both times they had swapped in separate rooms — they had never watched each other have sex with another person, and Lisa had never touched another woman. They greatly enjoyed their two previous experiences, but were very leery of going farther with things than they had before. When they met us the night before they knew that the time was right for swap number three, and they both agreed it had been perfect, right up until we joined forces in the front cabin.

"We understand," Lindsey said, hugging Lisa. "Chip and I will go up. We were all having such fun, I'd hate to spoil it."

"No," Lisa said cautiously. "Let's . . . see if we can . . . ease into something. I mean it's not like I haven't been turned on by this kind of thing on the internet."

"Really?" Chip said, smiling, but looking very surprised. "What kind of stuff have you been watching?"

Lisa blushed. "Just . . . you know . . . more than one guy. And some bigger . . . groups." She looked very embarrassed by her confession.

"You know, I never experienced anything other that one-on-one with a man until last year," Lindsey said. "Steve introduced me to the pleasures of a group. And I do mean pleasures. It really opened my eyes. Of course, I wasn't married at the time, and I completely understand how that could make things very different for you guys. Sit here with your wife Chip, I'm going to the little girls room."

Chip sat down next to Lisa and Lindsey went up the steep steps in a very sexy way. Her little plan worked. His cock sprang to life as he watched her climb the steep steps, and Lisa noticed it and started gently stroking it. I was lying right up against the other side of her and mine sprang to life too. Her other hand went to me and she was stroking us both, ever so slowly. Her breathing got labored, and her gaze went slowly from one cock to the other, Chip and I both hard as rocks from her gentle touch.

"OK," she said quietly. "This is definitely happening."

Chip smiled, and looked like he was in heaven as Lisa gave him a nice blow-job while she stroked me. She pulled me nearer and started alternating her mouth and her hands on us, taking us both deep in her throat. The animal in her started to emerge, and soon Chip was fucking her from behind while she gave me a ferociously wild blow-job. She came like gangbusters, and just about ripped the cock off my body in her wild frenzy.
