 "Don't tell him that!. He'll do it!"

Everyone laughed, because they knew Anna was correct - her husband would do almost anything that he was challenged to do. The problem was that this time it seemed to be a little over the top.

The three "Best friend couples" were together, as they often were, at Anna and Ben's pool. The guys were all in the pool and the women relaxing on the loungers when the conversation started, somehow ending in Rylee's challenge to Ben - "Take off your trunks."

As Anna had said, Ben was up to the challenge. Standing beside the pool wall, however, noone could see him, or could even tell if he had truly done it.

"Well, let's see!" Rylee encouraged.

Ben raised his arm, holding his trunks above him. He was truly naked.

"Now throw them here," she teased.

Without really thinking about it, Ben threw his trunks toward Rylee. A good shot, actually. She caught them and held them for a minute, until Ben asked for them back.

Rylee paused to consider the situation, then said, "No. I don't think so." 

She folded the trunks and placed them on her lounge, sitting right on top of them. Looking at Ben she said, "Now, you can come get them if you want them."

Rylee knew she had gone too far as soon as she heard herself saying it. Yet somehow, she was feeling naughty enough that she wasn't sorry she had said it. She was even hoping that he would keep it going. Yeah, get out of the water and come over. Let's see that body.

Ben hesitated. He wasn't sure what to do. He wasn't shy, didn't mind if people looked at his body. He had nothing to be ashamed of. He was just wondering if doing that would upset any of his friends. He didn't think so. But what about his wife? Probably not, and a quick glance in her direction showed her a little amused at his situation. She didn't look bothered. 

He thought too himself, "Okay, why not? Give them a thrill." It was difficult for him to back away from a challenge anyhow.

So Ben started climbing out of the pool. Everyone watched. The girls especially watched as his dick came into view. Ben had a great body. He was tall and fairly muscular, and very fit from both the gym and his running and biking competitions. But what got everyone's attention, of course, was his dick. It hung below him, well over the length of the other husbands'. It was actually the biggest that any of them had seen. As he walked towards the lounges it swung hypnotically from side to side.

His wife Anna knew all about it, but Jessica knew quite a bit as well. She and Ben had dated for a while before they met their current spouses. It was no longer awkward between them, but Jessica had flashbacks at this moment while thinking of when she had made good use of his dick. He was bigger than her husband's. It never bothered her, but it did bring back memories.

By the time Ben reached Rylee's lounge his dick was growing rapidly. He was not unaware of all eyes staring at him, but mostly his mind was concentrating on how to get his trunks back from Rylee. She was sitting on them. And only a couple of inches of material stuck out in front of her. As he stood directly in front of her he thought of grabbing the trunks from behind her, where most of them must be sticking out. Or maybe he should reach down in front and grab it - which would mean that he would have to touch her barely covered pussy. Or better yet, maybe he should really make her sorry and purposely grab a handful of pussy, maybe even slipping inside her material. Maybe teach her a lesson about trying to tease him.

Suddenly Ben felt something strange, an electrical charge through his entire body. It was coming from his... from his dick! While hesitating on what to do, he hadn't realized how close he was standing to Rylee, and as his dick grew in size it got even closer. It was nearly sticking in her face, and Rylee had reached her tongue out and licked the head. Licked all around the head. It had caught him by total surprise, and he was trying to remember if he had cried out at the glorious sensation she had caused.

Once again, Rylee did not know why she had done that. Yes, she was still feeling naughty, but seriously! Ben's big, beautiful hard-on was pointing right at her, almost touching her face. What could she have done? Rocked backwards and hidden like a frightened little girl? No, that wasn't her. And besides, she had really wanted to. She had to seize on this opportunity.

But when she did it she immediately thought of how her husband would feel about it. A look over at Todd showed that he was surprised, but he seemed to like the surprise. He liked it when she was a little nasty, and now seemed to be okay if she was nasty with another guy! A glance at Ben's wife Anna showed that she was loving it. Since they seemed to be okay, and Ben had not backed away, Rylee wondered how they would feel if she went even further. And with that she opened her mouth and wrapped her lips around the head of Ben's dick. Looking at Todd and Anna only showed that they seemed to like this even more. So it was on!

Rylee started sucking on Ben's dick, taking more of it into her mouth, loving the feel of it. She did like sucking cock. She knew Ben didn't get many blow jobs - Anna and Jessica both had said how they didn't like to do it, and saved them for special ocassions. In fact, she didn't know of any of her friends who liked to give head - at least not like she did. She really enjoyed it, and now she was enjoying sucking on Ben's, and thinking of how much he had to be enjoying it as well.

It was all Ben could do to look over at his wife. Anna was looking on with enjoyment, it seemed. Perhaps studying the technique so she could use it on him? Okay, that was probably too much to ask, knowing how she disliked blow jobs. But he had no more time to think about her. She wasn't objecting, and Rylee was really sucking on him now. She moved his cock in and out of her mouth, licking the shaft with her tongue as she went. She was only working on half of the shaft, maybe less, but her hand was tight around the base, stroking in rhythm with her mouth. She was performing the best blow job that he could remember ever getting.

Rylee pulled her mouth off Ben's cock, taking several deep breaths. It filled her mouth so completely she could not breath. She briefly thought about stopping, in case she had gone too far, but she did not sense any objections from anyone. So at this point she could not stop his pleasure. - or hers. With two hands now wrapped around the shaft, she pumped Ben's cock from base to head. He felt his knees getting weak, but he wasn't about to let them buckle. It might end this if he did, and there is only one way he wanted this to end.

He reached down and managed to grab the cups of Rylee's suit top. Pulling it straight up, her tits came bouncing out. He only got a quick feel of them, however, as she was leaning in to take him back into her mouth. His sight of them was cut off as well, leaving them for the pleasure of the others to enjoy. But he didn't care - her mouth was once again around his cock, trying to take more of it inside. Todd was right. She was a great cocksucker.

Todd and Ian had stayed in the pool when this whole thing had started, but when she first licked Ben's cock they had to get a closer look. Still with their suits on, of course, they had gotten out of the pool and walked towards the others. Slowly, not wanting to miss a second of this extraordinary show. With all eyes on the performing couple the guys came up to the other two girls, who had a great view of everything.

Ian could have gone over to his wife Jessica's side, but instead stopped at Anna's lounger. He sat down right beside her while she watched her husband getting blown by Todd's wife. Todd then had no choice - at least in his overheated mind - but to go over beside Jessica. He never gave any thought as to why Ian didn't naturally go to his own wife, but he was very satisfied to be next to Jessica as she stood watching beside her own lounge. Todd thought Jessica had the best ass of the three girls, and he wasted no time in putting his arm around her waist. Actually a little lower than her waist. Her ass just naturally drew his attention. It really must have been natural, because Todd wasn't paying much attention to what he was doing. It as if his actions were on automatic. All of his conscious thought was concentrated on the show being performed. And when Jessica just naturally leaned into him, it was clear she was overwhelmed by the show as well.

When Ian sat beside Anna - legs touching, by the way - his hand dropped onto her leg. Actually about mid way up above her knee. Not what he intended, but he couldn't help but notice the feel of the softer, inside flesh where he landed. He also could not help but notice her legs spread at his touch, so his hand naturally went further up towards her crotch. His hand could feel a bit of her tiny bikini bottom. If his dick was hard before, it became like steel now.

As Rylee's mouth descended on Ben's cock again, Anna reached over, kind of pushing on the rod that stuck up, tenting Ian's swim trunks. They were getting very uncomfortable, actually hurting, so Ian did what seemed natural. He lifted himself up and pulled his trunks out from under him, exposing himself down to mid thigh. He had given no thought to whether this would help or hurt whatever might be happening with Anna. 

Anna, it turned out, was getting hot as hell watching her husband's cock be devoured by her friend. She needed a cock to play with at this moment, and suddenly one popped out. She wrapped her hand around it and squeezed, hard enough that she thought she might be hurting him. She wasn't trying to hurt him, but she didn't really care too much, either. Ian's cock was no match for the size of her husband's, but it was nice nonetheless. And it was very, very hard. She was happy to squeeze it and start pumping it, but most of her attention was still on the couple up front.

Rylee was now sucking Ben's cock, stroking him with one hand, and pulling at his balls with the other. Both were making noises, mostly humming. Ben couldn't decide if he needed to cum right now, or if he should try to make this heaven last as long as he could. About that time he knew he had no choice.

Rylee could tell Ben was close now. His cock swelled even more, readying to unleash its contents. She wondered how much cum he would spurt, then realized that she didn't know where she wanted him to shoot it. Normally she enjoyed swallowing, but not always. This time she thought it would make a good show for the others if she let him shoot on her face. All over her face. Mmm, it excited her to just think about that. And then it wouldn't matter how much cum he produced, or how hard he shot it out. She did not want to choke and cough in front of her friends. She suddenly wanted to impress them. Make them jealous of her, and of the pleasure she could give a man doing what they didn't even like to do.

Ben knew it was too late. No decision to make, he was going to cum. Here... it... cums.. At the last second Rylee took his cock out of her mouth and pumped it hard with her hand. She aimed it right at her face, and this last second sight made him even hotter. Harder. He shot hard. Splat! Right in the center of her nose. She kept pumping, and he kept shooting. Oh, it almost hurt it was so hard, but he loved it. He watched along with everyone else as he shot his sperm all over her face. She was coated with his cum, and smiling. Even licking his cum off her lips as it dripped down.

Moans and murmurs came form the audience. She licked the head of his cock of the remnants, slowly and sexily, making chills run through Ben's body. When she finished she turned toward the others and licked more cum from her own face. She could hardly see them, able to only open one eye a little because of the cum Ben had deposited there. For a moment she thought there might be applause for her performance. She did deserve some. But from what she could see the others were too busy with their own urges.

Anna had been feeling Ian's cock, squeezing and stroking, but her mind was mostly on the show and she did not want to get him too excited. But now, since Rylee had done such a great job at getting her hotter than she would have imagined, she needed some release as well. Glad now that she had not driven Ian too close to the edge, she was determined to have him inside of her. There was no doubt that she wanted this. It did not matter if her husband objected. He had given up that right tonight. Besides, he wouldn't have time to object even if he wanted to.

With a quick swipe of both hands Anna pulled the bottom of her bikini out from under her, then swiftly down her legs. She stood to get them off, then sat back down on Ian's lap with her back to him. She had to guide his cock to its rightful place, but soon felt it pushing against her pussy. She held it tight and still while she got it seated in her hole, then pushed down savagely with her hips to bury his cock completely inside of her. She cried out at the intrusion, not caring what anyone else was thinking or doing. She raised her hips up and impaled herself twice more, crying out each time. Not because it hurt. No, her husband's cock was both thicker and longer than Ian's. This caused no pain for her, no matter how hard and fast it entered her. She was crying out because of the great relief she felt to finally have a cock in her pussy. After all of the teasing and excitement of the last many minutes, her pussy had been on fire. She never knew how watching another couple could turn her on. She didn't know if was better or worse with her husband being one half of the couple. She didn't care. She just needed to put out the fire that had built up in her pussy.

After the first three hard thrusts she paused for a moment. She felt the hard cock that was deep inside her, and she liked it. Not as deep as Ben's, no, but it was quite satisfying. She rotated her hips, moving the cock around a little. With Ben it would not move. She would be stuffed full. Stretched to the limit. Even after all this time, her pussy was barely big enough to accommodate him. But, a bit to her surprise, this felt just about as great. She liked the little movement she could get with Ian's cock. And when she went back to pumping her hips she greatly enjoyed that as well.

Before Ben had coated Rylee's face with his cum, Todd had moved his hand down to Jessica's full, beautiful ass. He squeezed it tightly with each new sensation that the show had provided, and was aware enough that Jessica was enjoying it. She leaned into him more, and pushed her ass into his hand as well. He slid his hand between her ass cheeks, pushing a finger up to place pressure on her pussy, just as Ben was erupting onto Rylee.

Jessica knew what was coming. She knew what she wanted - what she needed. And in her experience when a woman decides to have sex the man has no decision to make. He usually wants it, and if he doesn't she usually gets her way anyhow. Tonight she felt there was no choice for any of them. The only question was if she would switch to her husband to get laid, or if she was about to have sex with Todd. She had never cheated on her husband, even since they had started dating seriously. But right now she could not imagine stopping long enough even to take the few steps toward her husband. And Todd's hands were driving her crazy. Maybe anyone's would have with the events that were going on tonight, but Todd was here, and it seemed exciting to have another man. Any thought of not having Todd vanished when she saw Anna descend onto her husband's cock. They were fucking! But instead of feeling jealous, she only felt the need to get a cock inside her. Come on! Hurry!

Todd had paused to watch Ben's load coat Rylee's face, then Rylee played with the cum for her audience. Oh, fuck, what a temptress. But he had his own temptress right in his hands. Literally. Jessica was squirming as his finger pushed against her hole. He thought that she wanted to join the others in having this strange sexual experience, and it was already past time. With one tug of both hands he pulled her bikini bottoms down, falling all the way to the ground. "What an ass she has," he thought.

When Jessica raised a leg to step out of her suit, her foot came down spread further apart. They both knew that she was asking for it. Todd stepped behind her, freeing his erection and settling it between her lovely ass cheeks. He stroked a couple times in there before placing his hand on her back and pushing down.

Jessica knew what he wanted. "This is it," she thought. "Finally." she bent over at the waist and held herself up by placing her hands on the seat of the lounger. Bent over like that, spreading her legs even farther apart, she waited for what seemed like minutes to feel his cock enter her. She felt it pushed against her, but missing her hole. He seemed to be in such a hurry that he kept missing. He tried two or three times, but to Jessica it seemed more like ten! "Hurry!" she thought again.

"Ohhhhh," moaned Jessica as she felt her pussy finally accepting Todd's cock. She had moaned out loud, but there were enough sounds being made by the others that she doubted if anyone noticed. Not that she cared. All she cared about was that a cock was being shoved into her. Her pussy had felt so hot and empty. Now the sensation of Todd's cock pushing her apart, drilling hard, deep inside her, released her long suppressed desires. She gave herself fully to the feelings.

Todd was pushing into Jessica while watching Anna and Ian fucking. Soon he was watching no more. His eyes glazed over as Jessica's pussy squeezed around his cock. He unfastened her bikini top with one hand while he speared inside her, and moved the straps over to her shoulders enough to let them fall. They hung there on the top of her arms for a moment, then a few shrugs of her arms caused it to fall to her wrists and off. She didn't want to be dressed either. Todd reached under her to cup a full breast with one hand. It wasn't easy to grab on to as it was swinging wildly with each of his hard thrusts, but he got one and squeezed. 

And he couldn't help but stare at that lovely ass right in front of him. His other hand was at her waist, falling back to squeeze her fleshy ass cheek. This felt great. Nearly a dream come true. But with one hand on her ass and the other reaching under her on her breast, he was losing the ability to thrust as hard as wanted. So he reached both hands to Jessica's waist, holding on tightly and pulling her body roughly into him as he thrust inside her. It jolted them both, and with each thrust Jessica began crying out, "Yes! Yes! Yes!" Todd was growling as well.

Rylee and Ben were left staring with amazement at what they had started - two couples rutting like pigs, both seeming to be fucking each other as hard as they could. In addition, Ben was watching his wife Anna pushing her body down onto his friend Ian's lap. That is, his cock. Her back was to Ian, which meant that she was facing Ben, who could not only see the fucking, but also the total ecstasy that his wife seemed to be having while riding another man's cock.

Similarly, Rylee, the cum now cleaned away from her eyes, could watch her husband's face as he drilled his cock into her friend Jessica. He too was in ecstasy not only from fucking, but she knew how much he had always liked Jessica's ass. But Rylee could also see Jessica's face, and saw that she was loving the job he was doing to her. Rylee felt a little surprised that she wasn't jealous of Jessica, but she felt only excitement.

Maybe Rylee felt this way because she was the only one at the party that was not getting off. She had enjoyed Ben's cock, and having her face covered with his cum. But that was not the same as an orgasm. It only made her need it more. That and her rutting friends (and husband) was driving her over the edge.
