 The two women came to my door, flogging phone plans.

Now it just so happened that I was interested in two thing right then.

One, my current plan had expired and I was intending to change, not being happy with my previous provider.

Two, I was horny.

I invited them in and they introduced themselves as Alice and Kim. I told them I might be interested and they took their time and went over the various plans. There was one there that suited me down to the ground, and I would have been quite happy to sign up for it. It was a medium price plan, well with my intended budget and a nice sale for them. So I stalled.

I nattered on about a cheaper plan they had on offer, obviously interested in it but waiting to see if they'd offer a sweetener.

Sure enough, along it came. "What can we do to convince you to sign off on this plan, right now?"

I glanced at them and then turned away and coughed.

They prompted again, so I told them.

"I probably shouldn't say this, but if the pair of you get undressed I'm prepared to sign right now while you're naked."

There was immediate consternation and some forced laughter. "We don't do business that way," said Kim. "I'm sorry."

But they hadn't gotten up and walked out, either.

I shrugged and smiled. "Who'd know but us?" I said, "but don't worry, let it go. I'll give the matter some more thought."

I rose to escort them out and they hesitated. They wanted the sale, salesmen always itch to get that signature on the dotted line.

"Um," murmured Alice. "We only have to get undressed and you sign? Nothing else?"

"Nothing else," I said, giving them an amused and teasing look. "I just like to see natural women."

Kim and Alice were looking at each other, trying to read each other's minds. Their looks changed to a determined "I will if you will" look and they nodded.

"OK," said Kim. "We'll do it, but no touching."

I lifted my hands slightly and backed away a little. "No touching," I agreed.

So Alice and Kim got undressed, embarrassed but excited, each bolstering the others courage, both of them slightly flushed at their own daring.

Once they were naked I gave them some properly admiring looks and compliments. It was easy enough to do. They were a pair of tasty dishes.

If you care to print out the contract," I said, "I'll be quite happy to sign right now.

They set about filling out the contract details while I continued to admire them. While they were waiting for the contract to print I picked up the spec's for the plan I really wanted. It cost almost twice as much as the first, but it suited my requirements to a T. 

Then while they were gathering up the contract for signing I spoke up.

"Looking this over, I really feel that this higher contract would be better for me. If I'm allowed to just feel your lovely bodies I'll sign for this instead."

They were obviously a bit suspicious now. "You did agree to this contract and no touching," Kim said.

"I did, and if you insist I'll sign right now. I can always upgrade later if required. But I really think that it might be smarter for me to go for this right now instead of testing out the other and having to upgrade." 

I didn't mention the higher commission they'd get from having me sign the higher contract from the start.

There was another exchange of glances between them and a 'what the hell' look exchanged. After all, they were already naked and the sale would be a good one.

Kim spoke up again. She seemed the natural leader of the between them. "OK, you can touch a little," she told me, "but then that is it. We'll need you to sign."

"My word on it," I assured her, moving closer to them.

One hand on each, I ran my hands gently over them, touching their breasts, pussy and bottom. First very lightly, running the tips of my fingers over them, then more firmly letting them know I was feeling and appreciating what they had.

I told Kim to start making the changes to the contract and to print the amendments. She sat at her laptop and started doing this, while I continued to stroke Alice. When Kim had moved over to the table to work on the contract, Alice has hesitated, wondering if she should also step away, but as I had continued to fondle her she had remained still, letting me do as I liked. She was hot and eager, liking the touching. Feeling she was doing something she shouldn't and enjoying it.

Kim printed the revised contract and laid it out for my signature, a trifle suspiciously, I think. I reluctantly stopped petting Alice. Who was now breathing quite hard, and quickly scanned through the contract.

It was just what I required and I signed on the spot, to Kim's audible relief. 

Kim and Alice were now delighted. They had a confirmed sale, quite a good one at that. They started to reach for clothes but I asked them to hold up for a second.

I held up my closed hands and asked Alice to pick a hand. "One of my hands," I said, "has a coin in it. Can you guess which one?"

Puzzled, she picked a hand and I opened it to show the coin.

"Congratulations," I told her. "You win. You're prize is that I will now make love to you."

Alice is easily shocked it seems. "What? Why? No way!" she exclaimed.

"Why is simple. I think you're very sexy and I want you. A harder question surely, is why not? Who'd know but us, after all."

"Kim. She'd be right here watching us."

"Yes, she would. Exciting thought, isn't it."

Kim obviously found the thought exciting, possibly because it wouldn't be her getting screwed. She was flushed and her nipples were erect.

Alice dithered, looking at Kim, who just shrugged as if to say it's your call.

Alice was hot and excited from the petting, but definitely not used to a quicky with a stranger or having sex in front of another person. The whole concept was further exciting her while also making her nervous.

"What happens if I say no?" she asked.

"Nothing," I said. "You already have the contract signed and I have no intention of trying to cancel it. You will note, I hope, that I didn't try to coerce you with the signing of it. No, if you refuse I'll be left lonely and frustrated, but that's all."

Kim and Alice looked at each other again.

"Why not?" said Kim, with a giggle. "You're already naked, hot and ready."

"That's easy for you to say," grumbled Alice. "You won't be the one getting screwed."

"Seeing that you seem to be having trouble deciding," I offered, "I'll start and you can call a halt if you think things are getting out of hand."

I figured that once I started, she would be too embarrassed and interested to call a stop, not wanting to back down in front of Kim.

I started kissing her breasts and touching her up in earnest. It was easy to determine that she was indeed wet and willing, but fighting it. I patiently steered her towards the couch, and soon she was lying on it while I continued to pet her.

I indicated to Kim that she should move closer to the action. When she moved hesitantly towards us I reached out and captured her hand, placing it on Alice's breasts, while my other hand was playing with Alice's pussy, spreading her lips and dipping between them.

With Kim playing with Alice's breasts, I reached up and caught Alice's hand and moved it over to touch Kim's pussy. Alice immediately began playing with it while Kim began gasping.

Wanting some stronger action now, I moved Alice's thighs apart, moving between them. Edging her lips apart I pressed the head of my cock firmly against her and started pushing.

Alice and Kim had both stopped touching each other, avidly watching as I slowly sank into Alice. It was odd, but I noticed that Kim was breathing at least as hard as Alice.

Now that I was safely home, I started driving slowly in and out. Not making a big thing of it, just taking my time and driving deeply. Then I pulled out completely. 

Alice was making little mewing sounds, wanting me back, but instead of returning I reached for Kim and pushed her gently to the couch so she was bent over Alice, bottom up.

While Alice watched, I spread Kim's lips from behind and moved in. This time Alice was the only one watching, while Kim was making little sounds of shock and appreciation.

Deep in Kim, I started stroking her, this time giving her short hard strokes, deliberately agitating her and driving her towards a climax. Which I then denied her.

Pulling out of Kim, despite her vehement protest, I persuaded both women to stand and bend over the couch, bums up.

For the next fifteen minutes or so I played sexual roulette, driving into one of them and stroking them towards a climax and then withdrawing and plunging into the other. The intervals between receiving my cock allowed them to simmer down slightly, while the time spent switching over kept me from boiling over as well.

Finally it all became too much for me, and I plunged deep into Alice for the series of vigorous short strokes that would enable us both to climax, while at the same time letting my fingers take a murderous toll on Kim's clitoris, sending her into a screaming spasm as well.

I thought it only polite to offer to share my shower with them, and after a few minutes of splashing and giggling they were dried, dressed and on their way.

It had been an interesting interlude.