 Doris and Lisa

(Fall, 1955)

Two college girls begin to forge a friendship.

After the Sorority Party Joel and his two fraternity brothers returned to Western State. Joel promised to visit his new girlfriend, Sue, and invited her up to homecoming. Lisa was left in a depressed state due to the fire at the Delta house over the weekend. Doris consoled Lisa and invited her for a visit after lunch the next day. They never got along growing up. Is it now possible for Lisa and Doris to be friends - or more?

*****

CHAPTER 1

As Lisa walked back to her dorm she considered whether to take Doris up on her invitation. She wasn't used to seeing Doris in a serious light, yet sensed Doris was sincere in saying they could have a discussion to sort out their feelings about the fire and what had transpired over the weekend. Or was this just another way for Doris to get Lisa into bed? No, that had been a spontaneous mutual thing a few weeks ago as they reminisced about the weekend at the beach last spring.

Lisa's roommate was not in the room when she arrived, so she sat at her desk and drummed a pencil on the desktop, daydreaming, with her mind wandering, thinking about all the girls she knew in college...

Doris and Lisa's sister, Margaret had been part of a certain group of girls. Doris had always been considered 'fast' with boys and had relished the attention. Doris was a year younger than Margaret, making her two years older than Lisa. Other girls in the group were somewhere on the dating spectrum far below Doris. All except Barbara, although she wasn't in the same league with Doris. Barbara had a younger sister, only a year older than Lisa, but worlds apart in experience. Grace was probably the closest to Doris in attracting the boy's attention...

Lisa didn't know why Betty hung with the group, as she seemed rather shy, blushing easily, although she was breathtakingly beautiful, with raven hair, a flawless complexion and two of the biggest dimples when she smiled. Boys nearly fell over themselves to sit next to her in class, but she was too shy to do anything about their attention. Marilyn was tall, although not nearly Doris' six-foot four. Maybe Marilyn was about five-nine. Marilyn's claim to fame was long auburn hair that hung down below her waist...

Mary was a strange bird. Lisa knew Mary was fast, and boys seemed to enjoy dating her for that reason, but there was something odd about the way she dressed and how she behaved around boys. Just a few weeks ago Lisa had seen Mary making out with a boy, but wouldn't let him touch her above the waist, yet she know Mary was sexually active. What was with that? It seemed that on the baseball scale guys went directly from second base to home run without touching third base, which was fine with them, she supposed...

All the girls except Grace had enrolled at Sarah Smith. Doris, Betty and Margaret had joined Delta Omega Gamma sorority, while the others had pledged Gamma Zeta. Grace had decided to get away from competing with her sister and enrolled at Western State, seven hours away. Lisa shook her head at that. She had followed her own sister to Sarah Smith, but didn't think she would join a sorority, although the events of the weekend had her reconsidering...

Lisa walked through her afternoon classes and joined her sister and the other Deltas for dinner in the cafeteria, where they ate while the fire-damaged kitchen at the house was being repaired. Lisa felt a tug of sympathy for Sue, who had lost everything in the fire. Lisa had been the one to help Sue sort through the debris and find whatever little things she could salvage, and sat next to Sue during meals.

The following day Lisa attended her morning classes and had a quick lunch at the snack bar in the student center. She was a little nervous as she wandered over to the damaged Delta house, fire blackened around the kitchen. On the second floor she ran into Margaret, who was leaving for an afternoon lab. Doris wasn't in her room yet, so Lisa went downstairs to nervously wait in the parlor, not knowing what to expect from a girl who had called her a little brat back home.

Soon a very tall girl, resembling Doris, but wearing glasses, her platinum blond hair pulled back into a tight bun and dressed very conservatively, strode through the front door. She looked at Lisa and indicated with a jerk of her head for Lisa to follow her.

With a furrowed brow Lisa followed the girl upstairs to Doris' room, and the girl unlocked the door, indicating for Lisa to follow her in.

When the door closed the glasses came off and 'sensible shoes' with clunky two-inch heels were kicked off.

"Doris?"

"No, I'm Anna. Just a sec." 

The girl took down the hair bun and shook her long white hair out as she practically ripped off the bulky sweater and conservative dark blue blouse and skirt she wore.

Stripped down to her underwear she sat heavily on the bed, running her hands over her black bra, the one Lisa remembered Doris wore the first night at the beach. "Now I'm Doris again."

"What's that all about? I've never seen you dressed like that."

"Yeah, well...I hadn't intended for you to see, but I got held up after class. I really needed to ask the professor a question, but two guys were ahead of me."

Lisa laughed "You mean you couldn't bat your eyes and get them to let you go first?"

"That's something Doris would do, but certainly not Anna."

"I don't understand. Who's Anna?"

"Okay, I'll tell you, but you have to promise that what I say does not leave this room. I mean it."

"Sure, I promise. What can be such a secret?"

Doris sighed. "I know everyone thinks of me as something of a sexpot. Well, they are right, I am. As you know, I really like sex, and have ever since I discovered how my body could feel when I touched it certain ways. It wasn't long before I discovered that it felt even better if others, especially boys, touched me in those ways. That eventually led to sex. I'm not ashamed of it. It's just the way I am."

"I think I know that already. You confessed all at the beach."

"But here is something I didn't tell. You may know that my dad is an engineer, a mechanical engineer. My older brother, Dan, was interested in what dad did. It appears that during the war dad had worked for an aeronautical design firm designing aircraft control systems. Dan was really interested in that. As Dan and dad talked I got interested, too. Dan and I would build something with wheels in the garage, and Dad helped us figure out how to control the vehicle. We could steer, and even had brakes. Dan and I had a blast. It was when I was about nine or ten that I decided that I would be an engineer, too. You know my sister Rhonda was a 'surprise' and is only eight. She isn't interested in that stuff like Dan and I are, and is the perfect representation of a little brat pest, like I used to think of you."

"Wait. You? An engineer?"

"See? That's the way I like to keep it. Boys don't look at smart girls the same way they look at sexy ones. I want the sexual attention, so I keep my ambitions to myself. When I came to Sarah Smith I also enrolled for classes at Johnston Smith, across town."

"But...isn't that mostly boys?"

"About 85 percent. That's the problem. I've dated a lot of guys at Johnston Smith. I couldn't have them see me going to engineering classes. So, I have made it a point to speak to each professor before the term begins. You see, my full name is Doris Anna Stewart. Everyone here knows me as Doris, but at Johnston Smith I am known as Anna."

"But you are so tall and distinctive. How could you possible fool everyone?"

"The professors don't care. I talk to them before classes start and let them know the name I prefer to be called by. I'm Anna to them. Now to fool the guys I had to develop another persona. Hence the Anna you just saw. I even wear some ridiculous heels to make myself even taller. With the glasses and some put-on mannerisms I have pulled it off for over two years."

"Mannerisms?"

"The anti-Doris. At Johnston Smith I act shy, especially around boys, and carry my books clutched to my chest, with my slide rule on top of the stack."

"Is that what you had? I thought it was some sort of sword or something."

Doris laughed. "An honest to God slide rule. And I can use it, too."

"What on earth classes do you take there?"

"Basic engineering. Intro electrical engineering, intro chem engineering, intro mechanical. And all the associated physics and math. I'm thinking I'll eventually settle into civil engineering. That interests me most. I like building things. We'll see after I take surveying in the spring semester."

Lisa's mouth gaped open. "How do you manage?"

"I do stay busy. You don't see me around a lot during the day, do you? I coordinate my schedules so I can be on one campus in the morning and the other in the afternoon. I like to take those hard classes in the morning."

Lisa shook her head in disbelief. 

"I'm doing a double major. Engineering at Johnston Smith and history at Sarah Smith. History and engineering really do go together. There are a number of classes like lit, econ, the freshman writing class and such that are common to both, so they count at both places. Some of the math, physics and chemistry classes over there counted here as well."

"I don't believe this. You're snowing me because I'm gullible."

Doris motioned for Lisa to follow her across the room, where she opened one of her books. Lisa scrunched up her face as she tried to make sense out of what she was seeing. "What are those squiggles?"

"Partial differential equations. This is a fluid mechanics book."

"What does a whole differential equation look like, it this is only part of one?"

Doris laughed and flipped to an earlier chapter. "Here."

"Doesn't look a whole lot different. Some of the squiggles are not so squiggly. I recognize some Greek letters from what I see at the sororities and fraternities. This looks hard. How are you doing in these classes?"

Doris snickered. "The guys don't think a girl belongs in these classes, so I let them have their fantasy. Last Friday we got a test back. Professor Miller gives the papers back by placing them face down on our desks. There is a real obnoxious guy who sits next to me. 'Wha'd ya get?' he asked. I carefully turned up the corner of the paper so he couldn't see. 'I see a seven.' 'Ha, you got a C. I got an 85.' I just shrugged and didn't tell him my other number was a nine. I got a 97!" Doris laughed at the memory. "He would have been crushed if he knew that a girl got a higher grade than him."

"I can't even think of taking classes like that, much less get good grades."

"Actually, I'm doing better there than here. I have a 3.6 there but only carry a 3.2 here. Go figure."

Lisa went back and sat cross legged on the bed while Doris flopped back against the wall with her long legs sticking over the side of the bed.

"But you are so distinctive - your height and hair and all."

Doris laughed. "I tell them I'm Doris' sister and we have to share the car. I couldn't explain two red MGs. I make myself look just different enough that they believe me. Besides, what would Doris be doing in a solid mechanics class?"

"There aren't very many girls over there, are there?"

Doris shook her head and smiled. "I tell you, Doris drools at all the hunky guys, but Anna has to play it like the shy virgin."

"Then you come back here and change, like Clark Kent."

"Yes! I love the analogy! 'Faster than a speeding ejaculation! More powerful than an orgasm! Able to leap onto long cocks in a single bound! Look in the bed - it's a hussy...it's a nympho...it's Super Doris!'"

Lisa blushed at the words tumbling out of Doris' mouth. Nice girls didn't talk like Doris did. At last she stammered out "Are any of the other girls friendly? I mean, it seems like you all would tend to stick together. I think it would be hard with so few other girls around."

Doris snorted. "Hmpf. Friendly. I'll say. But not in a way to my liking. One girl, Patricia, invited me to her room for a study session. Turns out she wanted to study more than calculus. She is a shrinking violet in class, easily intimidated by the boys, but once we got in her room everything changed."

Doris sat up and folded her legs up under her and leaned slightly toward Lisa, lowering her voice. "Look, Lisa. I know you think I may have lesbian tendencies, but I assure you I'm not one. When we settled in, Pat suggested we take off some clothes and get comfortable. You know I'm usually all for that - I mean look at me now. But she took on a whole different personality. She was very much a dominant lesbo looking for a submissive. Well, I figured, sex is sex, right? She had me touching her in erotic ways, which, again, I'm not averse to do, as long as I get mine, too. Well she gets all worked up and the next thing she brings out this strap-on for me to wear."

At Lisa's quizzical look Doris explained "It's like a cock on a belt. Well, she had me 'service' her with it until she orgasmed and then it was over. Nothing for me." She sighed. "But enough about me. We came here to talk about the fire and all. Are you still upset over it? I know it has affected me."

"Yeah. I think about that I may have been partially responsible by rejecting 

Butch. I see Sue in the cafeteria and sometimes I want to just burst out in tears that she lost so much. Every time I come to the house to see Margaret I smell fire. Even in here I smell it a little. I wish there was something I could do."

Doris reached over and pulled Lisa into an embrace, then sat back and fixed her with a serious look. "You have helped a lot. Margaret knows it, and it has helped her to see you've grown up. I always remember you as the little brat sister, but I see it too. Maybe it started at the beach when I heard your screaming orgasm with Richard, but I have watched you mature this fall. Yes, we did something physical a few weeks ago, but this is different. While you still look the part of the little sister..."

"Hey! I don't know if I'll ever grow any more than my five-one and a half!"

"...that works against you. Yet you have shown an emotional maturity. I was serious yesterday when I said you should pledge a sorority. If not this one, then the Gammas or another one. You have shown the true spirit of sisterhood without even being asked." She paused thoughtfully before continuing. "You know you can come here any time you need support of any kind."

Lisa's head swam with all she had taken in, but remembered her previous visit with Doris, how they each had felt something extraordinary the last time they had been in this room together.

Doris reached out a hand and rested it gently on Lisa's knee. "I didn't care for my experience with Patricia. At the risk of sounding too forward I'll tell you that I much prefer the feeling I had when you touched me. You have very soft hands." She looked Lisa in the eye and added "and I know how responsive your body is. You can't hide it."

Lisa looked away and her heart started to pound.

Doris continued "I'm not asking you to do anything or be anyone other than who you are. I have begun to like you as a friend, wherever that goes. If you need someone to talk to, I'm here. If you need more of a physical type comforting, I'm your gal."

Doris became very quiet, and Lisa looked into the pale blue eyes of the tall girl sitting across from her, knee to knee. Nothing was said for a few moments. Lisa felt she did need something from Doris, but wasn't sure exactly what it was. When Doris' withdrew her hand from Lisa's knee with a gentle caress, Lisa suddenly knew what she wanted. She wanted something to wash away the images of horror and destruction swimming around in her head. Something to make her think of something else other than the smell of fire pervading the house.

Doris was right when she had said the last time they were together here that sometimes girls just knew what girls needed. Without looking down, Lisa slowly unbuttoned her blouse and shrugged it off. Doris remained passive as Lisa stood and removed her skirt and panties, then got back on the bed in her former position. She swallowed hard and said in a hoarse whisper "this is what I think I want right now."

Doris edged closer to Lisa, stretching out her long legs on either side of the small girl. One hand stroked Lisa's hair and the other caressed a breast through Lisa's bra. Lisa closed her eyes and Doris said "You kept this on because you remember how much l like this little piece of cloth. I'm sorry that Anna wears a more traditional underwire one."

Lisa reached around Doris and unclasped the lacy black bra. As it fell from Doris' shoulders Lisa ran her fingertips over the newly exposed nipples, teasing them until they hardened. Doris closed her eyes and murmured "Oh yes, you do have soft, gentle hands."

Lisa pulled on the waistband of Doris' underwear and Doris lifted her hips so they would slide off, then fell backwards with her legs in the air for Lisa to remove them completely. As Doris sat back upright Lisa reached over and ran her fingers through the glistening pale blond thatch, and Doris reciprocated in Lisa's red bush.

Doris gently laid Lisa back on the bed and stretched out beside her. Lips found Lisa's mouth, cheek, eyes, ears, throat and neck. Lisa in turn kneaded a breast gently and continued to use her thumb on a nipple. "I heard Richard say you have soft breasts. 'Soft as pillows' as I remember it. They are so soft, and such a pleasure to touch." Doris sighed, and Lisa lowered her head to capture a nipple between her lips and suck on it. "God that feels so good, Lisa. Not aggressive. So soft. So gentle. I think I need this as much as you do."

Lisa's fingers played over the alabaster skin of Doris' abdomen, teasing her navel on their way south. Doris arched her back when Lisa found the hidden seat of her pleasure and gently coaxed it out.

Meanwhile, Doris was active also. She removed Lisa's bra and expert fingers caressed each of Lisa's small conical breasts. Each breast found its way into Doris' mouth for the puffy nipples to be stroked and massaged by a strong tongue. Fingers ran up and down Lisa's thighs, finally tracing the crease where her legs and body met. Lisa squirmed to direct Doris to more intimate contact, but Doris knew what she was doing. She took her time before running a finger up and down the outer lips and finally working its way between the sopping labia.

Lisa remembered how Doris had taught her how to enter the vagina with two fingers and curl them. With a thumb on Doris' swollen clit, Lisa worked fingers in and out, curving and straightening, deep and shallow. Doris began to buck against Lisa and pulled her head and mouth tight against a breast as she climaxed, soaking Lisa's hand and squeezing her fingers with surprisingly strong contractions. 

Doris fell back, panting for a moment before renewing her ministrations to Lisa. Her lips and kisses gradually trailed down Lisa's body, following the path fingers had taken earlier. Just before she took the labia into her mouth she said "Last time I found you to be a. incredibly tight virgin. It will be hard for you the first time, so I'm going to 'loosen you up' a little. Don't be startled. This will make it easier for you with your first guy."

Lisa had no idea what Doris was talking about, but was in no mood to argue about anything. Her body felt like a musical instrument in the hands of a master. Waves of pleasure swept over her as Doris worked her tongue on Lisa's clit and labia, each wave more intense than the one before. She did tense momentarily as she felt a finger slowly working its way into her vagina. There was a sudden, but not very intense, discomfort before Lisa was lost, completely lost. White light flashed across her eyes and she tensed as she became lost found herself floating in space, eventually coming back to earth and laying limp on the bed.
