 Doris and Lisa

(Fall, 1955)

Doris and Lisa are becoming friends, with Doris introducing Lisa to the finer points of sex. Yet, Margaret has been under so much stress that she needs some 'comforting', also. Then Doris gets an idea...

CHAPTER 2

Margaret, shoulders slumped, let herself be led into her room.

"Here, Mags. Sit down on the bed."

Margaret sat heavily and Doris sat beside her. After stroking Margaret's curly red hair for a few moments she whispered "Let's get you comfortable," and began to unbutton Margaret's blouse.

Margaret turned to Doris with angry eyes. "Just what the hell do you think you're doing? I'm not one of your 'toys'"

Doris put her hands on Margaret's shoulders. "We've known each other since junior high. Is that what you think of me, that I'd take advantage of you for cheap sex? Trust me, Mags, trust me. I promise you won't regret it."

Margaret sighed and looked down at the floor. "I trust you, I guess."

"No guess! Do you or don't you?"

"Yeah. I trust you."

"Okay. Let's get these clothes off."

Doris finished removing Margaret's blouse and bra, and indicated for Margaret to stand for skirt and panty removal.

"Now lie down."

Margaret curled up, facing the wall.

"Perfect. Now just a sec, I'm going to join you."

In moments Doris had stripped and curled up against Margaret, in a 'spoon', her front against Margaret's back, with one arm draped over Margaret and the other stroking her hair. "Just relax, Mags. Let it out. Let it all out."

Margaret's eyes filled and her shoulders shook with sobs. "It's been so hard..."

"Shh. I know. You feel you are carrying the weight of the world. Right now let someone else carry it. Let go of the tension."

In a few minutes the tears stopped and Margaret began to drift off into sleep, interrupted by a soft knock on the door. Doris called over her shoulder "It's open."

Lisa came in and stared, dumbfounded. "Uh...I...I...left in a hurry and left my purse in your room. I was hoping you'd be in here, but never expected..."

Doris raised her head and spoke softly. "My keys are over on the desk."

Lisa took the keys, retrieved her purse and brought the keys back, laying them gently on the desk, and tiptoeing out.

Doris and Margaret stayed in the same position for about an hour. At last Margaret stirred and Doris got up. Margaret sat up on the bed and looked at Doris. "I don't know why I keep saying it, but you continually amaze me. I feel so much better. I'm sorry I doubted you."

"You just needed a little warmth, without the interference of cloth or lace."

When the two of them were dressed Doris wrapped Margaret in an embrace. "Any time you need something, good old Doris is available."

At dinner in the cafeteria Sue was excited, and enthused to Lisa "I got a letter from Joel! He really is coming back for a visit! These next two weeks are going to drag by."

Lisa smiled at her other new friend. "I never would have guessed Joel could be so..."

"Romantic?"

"Yeah. His fraternity brother tried to tell us Joel was a good guy who just had an off-putting approach to girls. I guess Richard was right. You are so lucky to have found somebody to fall in love with."

"He doesn't say if he's bringing any of the others with him. I hope he does, so maybe you can find someone, too."

"Doris tells me that I just have to be patient, that love will come someday."

After taking her tray to the collection window Lisa said goodbye to Sue and went to where Margaret, Doris and Betty remained sitting at a table. She stood behind Margaret and put her hands on Margaret's shoulders, rubbing gently. Margaret turned and scowled. "Okay, say it. Just get it out."

"What?"

"Throwing back in my face that Doris is corrupting me, just like I said to you. I know you came into the room and saw us."

Lisa shook her head. "No. I know Doris was just helping you in a way only she can. You do look much better than you did earlier this afternoon, more relaxed. Doris, I don't know how you do it, how you know just the right thing to do."

Doris laughed "It's a gift."

Margaret stared at her sister. "I can't believe you don't have some sort of smart remark."

"I just have respect for what Doris can do. Sis, all week you have looked like a wagon train has run over you. It's good to have you back, and I think you're ready to tackle whatever needs to be done to fix the house."

"You know, Lisa, I do believe you are growing up. Thank you. And thank you for your continued help this week. I know you have done much more than I am aware of."

Lisa bent down and kissed her sister on the top of the head and left the cafeteria, and Margaret watched her go."

"Bravo, Mags. You took her compliment well, and it is true. She's grown up a lot right before our eyes. She just needs a little more confidence."

The next day Doris had a brainstorm and barged into Betty's room. "Hey, Betts! I just had the greatest idea!"

"Uh oh. Maybe I'd better be sitting down."

"Here's how I see things. Lisa is rather naïve and lacks confidence. You have the good looks to have your pick of guys but are shy and lack confidence also, especially because of your particular...attribute."

Betty blushed. "I'm not sure where you are going with this, but already I think I don't like it."

"Just hear me out. Remember how at the beach you were so self-conscious about your thing, but Richard made you feel good about it? How I said I'd love to play with it sometime? Remember how we reminisced in the shower and you felt like you did at the beach? How good it felt with Frank at our picnic?" 

"I definitely don't like where this is going."

"What if you and Lisa got together, say in the shower and...?"

"What!?"

"Just think it over, that's all I ask. Maybe you could feel better about your anatomy and help Lisa gain some confidence."

"I don't see how..."

"If Lisa just 'happened' to find you in the shower and thought you needed something, maybe she could do it and gain some confidence in her abilities, and you could see yet again that your love button is nothing to be ashamed of."

Betty turned an even deeper crimson. "What? With a girl?"

"Why not? The touches are the same. Didn't our encounter in the shower really remind you of Richard?" Betty nodded hesitantly.

"Did you even think about the fact it was me in there?" Betty shook her head.

"Betts, other than at the picnic have you even had a date this semester?"

"Well, I've been busy."

"Bullshit. You are still afraid for anyone to see or touch you in an excited state, aren't you?"

"Well, maybe a little. I've had some bad experiences."

"There you go. The more good experiences you have the easier it will be for you."

"But, Lisa is..."

"...someone who is a sorority sister in every way except for the formality. Hasn't she acted like she belongs? Don't think of her as Mags' little sister or the little kid we remember from school. She's not, not anymore. She's grown up."

Betty stared at Doris with a terrified look. Doris put a hand on her shoulder. "I'm not saying do it right now. Take your time. Think about it."

"If it's such a good idea why don't you do it?"

"Because I'm Doris and I'm easy, remember? Nobody would gain much confidence from me because I'd be responsive to anything. There's no challenge."

"But, it would be wrong!"

"Why?"

"Because girls aren't supposed to...you know."

"Still hung up on that? Come on, Betts. This is the 1950's for heaven's sake. Get rid of those old-fashioned ideas. You joined in on the skinny dip at the picnic didn't you? That was a new thing for you to do, and lightning didn't strike you down. This would just be another new thing, one where you would help a friend as well as yourself."

After a silence Doris rose to leave the room and called back over her shoulder "No rush. It's just an idea. I think it could help you both."

The following weekend Doris invited Lisa to play tennis. After a vigorous set they were both sweaty and Doris invited Lisa back to the house to shower and change. While Lisa entered Doris' room Doris softly knocked on Betty's door. When Betty opened the door Doris whispered "Now would be a good time."

Doris went back to her own room and kept Lisa busy for a few minutes by showing her some more 'Anna' stuff.

"What say we go hit the showers?"

"Okay. I'm glad I took you up on your suggestion of bringing a change of clothes with me."

"I usually leave my clothes here and dash to the shower with a towel. I wrap my hair in it to come back here."

"That's not how I do it in the dorm, but I'll try it your way."

Doris was secretly pleased to hear water running in one of the showers. "Yoo hoo! Who's here?"

"It's me, Betty."

"Listen Betty, Lisa and I are sweaty from a hot game of tennis, where I kicked her ass by the way, and need to shower right away. Would you mind if Lisa shares yours? I tend to take up a lot of room with my long legs and all."

"Uh, okay I guess."

Doris whispered in Lisa's ear "You're in luck. I think you can help Betty out with something while you're in there."

"What?" Lisa whispered back.

"You see, she has a particular physical...attribute, and is self-conscious about it. Even I didn't know about it until the beach weekend."

Lisa gave her a questioning look as she unwrapped the towel she had worn.

"You see, when she gets...aroused...her 'love button' gets very big. Very, very big. She is afraid for anyone to see it because she has been teased about it. If you could maybe offer to wash her or something it might appear. You could do or say something to make her feel better about it."

"Like what?"

"I don't know. You sure learned how to arouse me. Use your newfound skills."

"What if she goes all bonkers or something? She is really shy."

"Just try it. I'll be in the other shower stall and can rescue you if need be. Are you willing to give it a shot? She really needs some help, and it can't be from me. I can explain that later."

Lisa took a deep breath. "Well, okay. But it will feel weird," and stepped into the shower with Betty.

"Hey, Betty. I never thought we would be this close."

"Me neither. There's not much room in here."

"Yeah. Hey, maybe we can help each other out. It might be easier for us to wash each other rather than have our elbows and knees colliding."

"You want to wash or be washed first."

"Do me first." Lisa laughed "I hear you have some experience from the beach, with Richard."

Betty blushed. "Well, that was different. That was the point of the weekend."

Betty soaped up and washed Lisa's back and the backs of her legs, then reached around to the front, concentrating on the abdomen before slowly moving up to her breasts.

"You know what, Betty? I get teased because my chest is so small. It took Richard to make me realize I shouldn't be so sensitive about it. Your soapy hands feel really good."

Betty said nothing as Lisa turned around for Betty to wash lower. "I've never showered like this before, Betty. It feels...good somehow. You know, I'm not one of 'those' girls, and I know you're not either, but your touch is...arousing. Boys think my chest is so small, but they don't realize how sensitive I am there. I touch them myself sometimes, but you are so much better. Thanks for not being too rough on me. I know you are finished with me, but could you do my chest and down below one more time? If you don't want to it's okay."

Betty's hands caressed Lisa's breasts and Lisa closed her eyes. When Betty stroked Lisa's labia, she sighed.

Finally Lisa said "Mmmm. That felt good. Thanks. It's not something I expected. Now it's my turn to do you. I like how you started with my back, so turn around."

Lisa followed the same procedure with Betty, but took her time with the breasts. "Gosh, Betty. You are so pretty and have a nice chest, bigger and more shapely than mine."

Betty swallowed hard as she felt herself getting aroused by Lisa's touch, and wondered if Doris had taught her. When Betty turned around Lisa could see something just beginning to peek out of its hiding place. When Lisa washed there they both gasped, but for different reasons. Lisa stopped washing momentarily to observe it. "Wow, Betty. That is pretty spectacular. I am so jealous!"

"You wouldn't think it was so spectacular if you had one."

"Oh, but I would! Can I touch it, I mean besides washing? I want to know what it feels like. Please?"

"Well, okay. Just a touch."

Lisa ran a finger along the length of the protruding clit, now extended to its full length, almost like a small penis. "Oh, boy! I can't see how you couldn't like this!"

"Uh, Lisa? I am getting very aroused. If you keep that up I'm going to..."

"Really? Just from touching it? I don't have to touch anything else on you, like your chest or anything? I need for it all to be touched."

Lisa continued her caresses. Sometimes she stroked the length of it, sometimes just the tip, and sometimes pressed her hand on it and rubbed in circles. Betty began to move her hips against Lisa's hand and, with a shudder, threw her head back and moaned while she using a hand to cover Lisa's and press it hard into her clit.

Betty finally stood with her back to the shower wall and her hands pressed flat against the wall, gasping for breath.

"Golly, Betty. I didn't mean for all that to happen. I'm sorry, it was just so fascinating."

Betty regained her breath and turned the water off. "It's okay. I wasn't expecting it either."

The two girls stepped out of the shower and found the other shower vacant. Doris had already finished. When they had dried off they hurried back to the rooms. Lisa was dismayed to find Doris' door locked, but her clothes had been placed at Betty's door with a note attached: 'Had to go somewhere. You can change in Betty's room.'

In Betty's room Lisa was offered the dressing table usually used by Betty's roommate. "She's gone for the weekend."

Lisa paused from combing her hair. "Do boys really tease you about that?"

"Yeah."

"Maybe you could use it to advantage."

"What do you mean?"

"Well...I was just thinking how much boys like to be rubbed...down there. Maybe you could use your special thing to rub them. Then they wouldn't have to handle it unless you wanted them to. It would be exciting for you, too."

"I don't understand. How would that work?"

"I'm not sure. I haven't thought it through. Wait! I have an idea! How about practicing?"

"Practicing?"

"On me. You know I'm not afraid of it, so you could just sort of experiment."

Betty stood speechless, unsure of what to do.

"Here, Betty. I'll just lie on the bed and you can try something."

"I...I...don't know what to do. It seems wrong."

"The girl thing? Maybe you can close your eyes and pretend I'm a boy. It's just an idea. I think you'll like it. Look, you're aroused already, so we don't have to fool around or anything. Just go ahead and do it. I'll close my eyes, too, so you won't think I'm watching you."

Betty reluctantly straddled Lisa's knees and studied the situation. She shifted so that when she lowered her body her elongated clit came in contact with Lisa, and began a hip action to rub herself on Lisa.

"This isn't going to work, Lisa. Rubbing on hair isn't the same as rubbing on skin, it's kinda rough. Maybe on a boy it would be better."

"Ooh, Ooh! Let me try something. I think we can remedy that."

Lisa raised her legs and spread her knees wide apart. "Try it now. I'll help out."

When Betty knelt between Lisa's legs and lowered herself again such that her clit came in contact with Lisa's labia. Lisa reached down and spread her labia so Betty's clit slid in between them. When Betty resumed her hip action Lisa rotated her hips up also until Betty's clit rubbed against her own.

"Oh, my, Betty! That is so nice and soft. Much better than touching with a finger. I think it's working!"

Betty concentrated on her motions, also amazed at the warmth and softness. Lisa became wetter and wetter, making the sensations even more intense. Betty felt her own wetness begin to drip onto Lisa. Lisa couldn't help herself from fondling the breasts swaying right in front of her face.

With a loud moan Lisa climaxed and threw her legs around Betty to hold her on top. Betty pressed down hard to create even more pressure and soon followed with her own climax. Lisa relaxed her legs, but Betty remained collapsed on top of her.

At last Betty rolled off and the two girls lay side-by-side, recovering.

"You were right, Lisa. That was fabulous. I had no idea I could..."

Lisa propped up on an elbow. "I had no idea it would be like that for me, too. I've had guys feel me down there, but this was different. Um, sorry about reaching up and feeling your chest. It was just a reaction. I wasn't thinking."

"I wasn't thinking, either. It was like...well, realistic in a sense, because that is what a guy would do."

"You liked it? Gosh, that gives me confidence to try some things with guys. I don't want to lose my virginity to just anyone but if I can satisfy a guy he might not be too upset."

Betty laughed. "Trust me. If you touch them and let them touch you like that I think it will make them happy. You just have to watch out for guys like Butch."

Lisa turned serious. "I've learned my lesson there. I'm going to stick with guys like Richard or Frank. I just hope I can find someone like that here. It's a long way up to Western State."

Betty reached out to touch Lisa's breasts. "Sorry, Lisa. I'm not...well...trying to excite you. It's just...well, Doris has been raving about your breasts since last spring. I just wanted to see what she found so attractive. The shape is interesting, and you do sort of twitch when I touch them, so I'll stop. I think I see what Doris means."

The girls got dressed and Betty put her hand on Lisa's shoulder. "Um, Lisa? Could we kinda keep this to ourselves?"

"I'm not going to be spreading rumors about us. It was great, though. Thanks."

"No, thank you."

A few days later Sue met Lisa after class. "I'm so excited! Joel is coming tomorrow! I don't want to eat lunch in the cafeteria. Why don't we go to the diner downtown?"

The two girls strolled down the main street toward the diner, Sue laughing and occasionally skipping. 

At the corner where the diner was located they saw three guys confronting 'Anna'. As the girls approached they could hear the boys teasing that she was really Doris. Lisa quickly walked up to the group. "Anna! I haven't seen you in forever! What have you been up to?"

One boy turned to Lisa and Sue. "You know her?"

"Sure. I went to high school with Anna and her sister Doris. Doris is in your sorority, isn't she, Sue?"

"Uh huh."

"I've just started school at Sarah Smith and didn't know I'd ever run into you, Anna, going to school across town and all."

'Anna' had been standing with her books clutched to her chest, occasionally using an index finger to push the bridge of her glasses further up her nose. She weakly waved a hand toward Lisa. "Hi, Lisa."

"Hey, Anna, Sue and I were just going into the diner. Want to come?"

"I can't. Doris is expecting the car back."

"Maybe another time."

"Uh, okay. I've got to go now."

'Anna' walked around to the driver's side of the car, bumping into the fender as she went. "Oh, sorry," she mumbled.

Upon opening the door her books slipped out of her hands and scattered across the driver's seat and the passenger side. "Sorry." She carefully piled the books on the passenger seat and awkwardly pulled her legs into the car, barely getting them under the steering wheel. She started the car and ground the gears as she shifted into first gear, then took off, with the car bucking until she needed to shift into second, and the gears ground again.
