 Doris and Lisa

(Fall, 1955)

Doris and Lisa decide to go to Homecoming at Western State, even though they don't have dates. They end up taking part in an 'experiment'.

CHAPTER 3

Lisa's mouth fell open. "What do you mean we're going up to Western for Homecoming? You yourself said..."

"I know what I said. Lisa, what you just did for me reminded me of what I have been missing lately. My last date was about a 1 on a scale of 1 to 10. I haven't had anything better than a 6 or 7 lately. Well. Frank and Eddie were right up there in the 9 range. But they're up at Western."

"We still don't have dates."

"Trust me. We will have our pick of dates."

"If you say so, although I have my doubts. I guess if we went would we go up with Barbara and Sue?"

"We, my dear, are going in my car. You just wait and see what happens when a red convertible sports car rolls onto campus with a tall blond and a cute redhead. Oh, no. We won't be shut out. They will be falling all over themselves to get to know us."

The two girls got dressed, and Doris put her hand on Lisa's shoulder. "By the way, you just scored a 10 on the Doris scale. That was fabulous!"

"Well, I had the best teacher!"

"Now let's go to your dorm room and select some outfits for you to take. We'll need something for Friday evening, the game, and the dance. We have to pack light, though. My trunk space is miniscule."

Friday morning Doris loaded the car and drove around to where Barbara and Sue were loading up. The two drivers discussed travel routes, and the group set off, sticking together for a while. After an hour Doris passed Barbara and, with a wave, zoomed on ahead.

"Uh, Doris, aren't you going a little fast?"

Doris laughed. "When you're as low to the ground as we are it seems like we are going faster than we really are. I keep it close enough to the speed limit that a highway patrolman won't pull us over. Also, I know what towns are famous for speed traps. We'll be real careful there."

A few miles further down the road Lisa turned to Doris. "Say, it's Friday morning. Aren't you missing some engineering classes, or something?"

Doris was serious. "Yeah, that could have been a problem. 'Anna' talked with the professors and got the homework assignments. She turned them in early and got an okay to miss class. The fact that I have the highest grades in those classes helped, too. What about you?"

"I had to cut my sociology class. I'll make up the work next week. I did read ahead in the book and I got someone to take notes for me. I'm doing pretty well in the class and haven't missed any days yet. The prof allows three absences before grades are affected, but expects us to not fall behind."

"Not like high school, huh?"

"Gosh, no. If I was absent from any class my mom got a phone call and I'd be grounded. I only missed one class all through junior high and high school. Something happened, I forget what it was, with Emily, and I went to her study hall to talk to her. That never happened again!"

Just outside the Western State campus Doris pulled over at a gas station. "Let's get fixed up. We don't want to look like we've been driving seven hours. Riding in a convertible messes up your hair. It won't hurt to get some refreshments, too."

Doris was proved right when they cruised through the main entrance to campus. She drove slowly, one arm casually resting on the rolled-down window on the driver's side door, and heads turned as they passed groups of students. Even some of the girls seemed curious about the newcomers.

"One thing about driving up here in my car is that it's distinctive. People would know if we were locals because they'd remember the car. As for the attention, watch this."

She pulled to the curb beside a group of male students. "Hi, guys. Could you direct us to the Alpha Delta house?"

One boy stepped forward. "Alpha Delta? Yeah. Follow this street until you reach the bell tower. Turn left and it will be just down the way a little on your right. Hey, if you don't find what you're looking for there, just drop by Theta Chi. We'd love to have a little company. I'm sure we could make it worth your while."

Doris flashed a big smile. "We'll be sure to remember that! Thanks for your help, fellas."

As she drove off she glanced in the rearview mirror. "They're still watching us."

Lisa laughed. "I should never have doubted you. Drool was practically running down his face."

"One of them was eyeing you, too. Some guys are turned on by redheads."

Alpha Delta had a parking area beside the house, and Doris pulled into a space. "Let's see if we can find anyone we know, shall we?"

The two girls mounted the three steps to the front porch and reached for the door. As the door opened all eyes inside the room turned toward the two girls. In a moment a familiar voice called out "Doris? Lisa?"

"Eddie!"

Eddies familiar muscular frame sauntered over to them. "I had no idea anyone had invited you girls. Who're the lucky guys? I'm a dope for not thinking of asking you myself. I figured the drive was kind of long."

Doris laughed. "The 'who' is yet to be determined! We just got a bee in our bonnet and decided to see what all the homecoming excitement is about. Sarah Smith is getting a bit dull."

"Gosh, it's kind of late in the game now. I think most of the guys are busy this weekend, with homecoming and all. But I'll see what I can do for you. Where are you staying?"

"I thought we'd check in over at Gamma Zeta and see what they have. Just to let you know, if you can't find any guys for us here, we've already had an offer from three Theta Chi's."

"Whoa! Let's not get hasty!" Eddie laughed and put his hands up in front of him. "We're not gonna let you two be talked into going there!"

"I don't know, Eddie. They were kind of good looking."

Eddie continued to laugh. "There are some good guys over there, but they are our rivals on the Greek Council, after all. We won't let them steal you from us."

While they were talking a group of fraternity members came down the steps and a familiar voice called out "I'll be damned! Look who's here!"

The girls shifted their attention to the new group and recognized Richard, Frank and Joel among them.

Lisa couldn't help herself and ran over to give Richard and Frank hugs. Joel had a worried look and asked "Where's Sue? Wasn't she coming, too?"

Doris went over and slapped him playfully on the shoulder. "You big dope! Of course she's coming. She's riding with Barbara and should be here shortly."

"You didn't all come up together?"

"Think about it, Joel. Sue has a sure thing with you, but Lisa and I are taking a chance. Now, how do you think we'd have the best chance of attracting unattached guys, in Barbara's car or mine?"

"You got me there. Hey, I'm going outside to wait for them."

Richard and Frank joined Eddie, and Richard asked "So you really don't have any dates?"

"Nope. I figure we can scare up some decent guys for tonight and the dance tomorrow. It would be nice to go to the game, too."

Frank said "This is not only homecoming, but it's our biggest rival, Eastern State. The game is a sellout. We can't get any more student tickets, but I'll see what strings I can pull to get you in."

Richard added "And I'll see what I can do for the other times. I do have one idea, though." He turned and gestured to the other two who came down with them, and the two new ones joined the group.

"You ladies may just be in luck. Stuart and Bobby are on the football team. Hey guys, I know tonight is probably out, but would either or both of you be interested in having some company for the dance? I promise you won't be disappointed."

The two newcomers stared at the tall blond and the short redhead, then turned and glanced at each other. Stuart spoke first "I'm game."

Bobby eagerly added "Me, too."

"Then it's settled. Tonight is a pep rally, and after that the coach usually gets the guys all to stay together, so we'll have to figure out something else for tonight."

Bobby laughed "Yeah, coach doesn't want us engaging in any activities that might sap our strength for the game!"

Frank grinned "And, believe me, your strength would be sapped if you were with these two."

Stuart said "Don't you girls dare agree to go to the dance with anyone else."

Doris arched an eyebrow as she looked at Richard. "Well? Worth waiting for?"

Richard stood between Stuart and Bobby, and threw his arms over their shoulders. "You have my word on it."

Lisa turned to Richard. "I don't suppose you are available tonight?"

All of the guys in the group laughed heartily. Richard replied "I'm busy for the weekend, as you may have surmised from these clowns."

Frank added "We told you when we were down there, Richard never has to ask a girl out. They ask him. He's probably booked up for weeks!"

"Frank exaggerates. You girls go over to the Gammas and get settled in somewhere. Come back after dinner and we'll see where we stand. You will have escorts to the pep rally. Hey, by the way, Doris. Do I understand you are an officer at the Deltas?"

"Chapter Vice President."

"I think you'll be surprised at what the Gammas have for you to take back. They've been quite active in fundraising to help you girls out after the fire."

"We can still use all the help we can get."

Lisa sidled up to Frank. "What about you, big guy? Are you busy tonight?"

Frank looked down at her. "I can't promise anything right now. I'll let you know when you come back later. That's all I can say."

A commotion out front drew everyone's attention. Sue had arrived and Joel had picked her up and was swinging her around as she shrieked with delight.

Frank shook his head and smiled. "Doesn't that make you sick?. All these years Joel has been screwing around and now suddenly he is a love sick puppy. It's hard to get used to."

At the Gamma Zeta house Doris and Lisa were invited to eat with them, and Grace presented Doris with a check for $250. Doris was duly grateful. "Several of the girls, Sue among them, have had a hard time getting their lives back together after losing everything. It's been hard, but the house is gradually getting repaired. The third floor repairs are complete and the second floor is almost finished. Sue is looking forward to moving back in. The kitchen is still a couple of weeks away from being ready. Margaret, our chapter president, asked me to invite anyone who wanted to, to come down for the rededication of the building. We'll have a party in your honor, to thank you."

Barbara, staying at the house for the weekend, added "And we have been known to throw a great party! The last one was so hot it nearly burned the house down!"

The gammas had room empty for the weekend because the girls had gone to spend the weekend at a hotel with their visiting parents, and offered for Doris and Lisa to stay there in the Gamma house.

They unpacked and Doris advised "Pep rally. Okay. That will be outdoors tonight and it could get pretty chilly after dark. It is fall, after all. As I remember, the Western State colors are red and gold, so your red skirt and the pale yellow sweater should suffice. You may want to tie that crimson scarf you brought around your neck too, in case it's windy."

At seven the girls walked from the Gamma house to Alpha Delta, drawing outright stares and several wolf whistles. Doris made sure to walk with a suggestive roll of her hips. Frank met them in the lobby.

"Well, here's the situation. I had a date for tonight but this morning she told me she has been feeling tired lately and went to the infirmary for something to fix it. It turns out she has mono and will be in the infirmary for a few days. So, I'm free tonight after all. A lot of the guys are scattered around campus right now so I haven't located anyone else free yet. As far as I know everyone will be at the pep rally tonight, date or not, so if we three attend together I'm confident we can pick up a fourth."

Doris pursed her lips. "I don't know. Mono? The kissing disease?"

"I know what you're thinking. She didn't get it from me. I haven't dated her since sometime in September. Rest assured, I'm not going to give it to you!"

Frank stepped between the girls and offered each an arm. "Ladies, shall we go? I'll give you a quick campus tour and we'll end up at the pep rally. It starts sometime after eight. The bonfire shows up better after dark, anyway. They never are precise on the time for these things. The pep band will play, but I think they wait to start the real pep rally until they have a good crowd. By the way, it's nice to see you wearing Western colors. If you had worn blue and white I would have had to hurt you!"

Lisa laughed. "Doris did her research!"

"By the way ladies, if you would like to participate we will be decorating our float for the homecoming parade tomorrow morning. A number of campus organizations and most Greek houses enter floats. There is a parade down Main Street at 11. The marching band leads the parade through the streets and the parade ends up at the stadium. Also, I may have found a way for you to get into the game. We'll know in the morning."

The Western campus is quite a bit larger than Sarah Smith, so the leisurely tour took up all the time until they could hear the commotion of the pep rally beginning. The trio hurried over to where a flatbed trailer was set up as a stage on the main campus quadrangle, and a bonfire had been set nearby. The cheerleaders were already ramping up the enthusiasm of the crowd. Soon coaches and members of the football team mounted the stage to give short speeches exhorting how Western would cream Eastern tomorrow. Each speech was followed by an increasingly louder roar from the crowd. Between speakers the pep band played the school fight song and the crowd sang along lustily. The girls found themselves swept up in the emotions of the crowd, and cheered along with them, even learning the words to the fight song.

As the last speech was being given there was a sharp flash followed by a loud clap of thunder and rain began to pour down. Frank led them first to shelter beneath a tree and then, after a close lightning strike, in a mad dash to a nearby academic building while he futilely attempted to hold his sweater over the girl's heads. He produced a key and let them into the building, dripping wet.

"That was quite an effect you guys produced," Doris said jokingly. "If you can call down lightning and rain, Eastern doesn't stand a chance tomorrow!"

Frank led them, leaving wet footprints, along a darkened hallway and down stairs. On the basement level he unlocked a door to a room with some serious looking equipment. Lisa looked around in wonderment. "What is this place?"

"In the fall I have a part time job helping out one of the grad students. The work he is doing requires taking instrument readings on a precise time schedule. Sometimes he spends the night here, and sometimes I stay. He just finished up one part of his project but hasn't started the next one yet."

Doris walked around studying the apparatus. "Some sort of pressure device?"

Frank chuckled "I forgot you know about such things." He cut his eyes over to Lisa and Doris caught the meaning.

"It's okay. She knows. She's even met my alter ego, Anna. I'll explain her later. Now, tell me what this does."

"He's a geologist and has several samples of a particular rock, granite, that he took from a fresh outcrop. He marked their exact orientation in space and cut them into identical cubes. He's taking each cube and subjecting it to tremendous pressure to see how it deforms, or something like that."

"That explains the strain gauges. So, if I understand correctly, he must be orienting the cubes with x, y and z axes, and is investigating whether the rock is stronger or weaker along any particular axis. Classic anisotropy experiment! Has he taken into account the effect of the off-loading of the miles of rock that were originally compressing the rock?"

"Whoa, you sound like him. I have no idea, but I'm sure he has. I don't understand it all, I just record the gauge readings and look for any oil leaks."

"Well, if it is what I think it is, he confines the specimen and applies high pressure along one axis and measures the strain, or deformation. The movement would have to be very small, and must be precisely controlled and measured to give meaningful data. I'm impressed with his equipment. You can't buy some of this stuff, you have to make it. Maybe I'll get to read his master's thesis when he's done."

Lisa had taken off her wet shoes. "You two can talk all this gobbledygook, but I'm cold and soaked."

"Right. There is a heater over in the corner. I'll turn it on and we can spread our wet clothes out in front of it to dry."

Doris wagged a finger at him. "I get it! You orchestrated the storm so we would get wet and that would be sure way to get us out of our clothes."

Frank smiled as he peeled off his soaked sweater and shirt. "I wish I had that power! Makes things easier though, don't you think? When we're done I think there are a few towels around. I'll try to find some clean ones without oil stains."

At last the three stood there, naked. "This isn't what I had envisioned for tonight. There were a couple of guys I hoped we'd meet at the pep rally and that one of them would join us. It looks like it's just the three of us now. This is a situation I've never encountered."

Lisa paused from brushing her damp hair. "I bet Richard has."

"I bet he has, too. Not that he shares anything with us."

Doris roamed the room. "It's not exactly the arboretum at Sarah Smith, but I think we can make this work. Let's kill the overhead lights and see if we can get at least a little atmosphere. We can turn on some of those desk lamps on the counter to give us a little light."

When the room was partially darkened she continued "Let's take stock of what we have to work with here. Lisa, do you have any problems with the situation, two of us and one of him?"

"Uh uh. I don't think Frank does, either, from his...ahem...reaction."

Frank tried to cover himself with his hand. "I was hoping you wouldn't notice. I'm not used to seeing all this beauty in the flesh. I don't know what we're going to do, but I'm ready for it, whatever it is."

Doris gave him a light stroke. "So you are, so you are. This is stiff. I mean you are really hard. Hmm. I wonder..."

"What's 'hmm'?"

"What we have here is a rigid member anchored at one end and free to move at the other. You seem exceptionally hard to me."

"Uh oh. Am I going to like whatever you're thinking?"

"It won't be unpleasant. It should be fascinating. Come over here by this table while I empty my purse." She grabbed his penis and led him over to the table.

Frank and Lisa watched Doris rummage through a collection of condoms, gum and makeup until she produced a small cloth pouch closed with a clasp. Opening the clasp she proceeded to pour out money - bills and coins. She quickly separated the coins from the rest.

"We are now going to establish what I will henceforth call the Frank Scale of Hardness. Step right up and prepare to be amazed. Lisa, why don't you help ensure he is as hard as he can get while I gather what I need. Give him a few strokes."

Lisa admired the rigid member in her hand and squeezed it twice, the second time ending with a couple of 'pumps'. One hand went down low to gently hold the weight of his scrotum, while the other played fingers along the length of him, especially concentrating on the underside of the tip. Frank groaned. "Come on girls. I'm in agony here."

"But it's sweet agony, isn't it, Frank?" Frank closed his eyes and tried to think of other things.

"Come on now, open your eyes, Frank. Here we go. I have in my hand a number of coins. I am going to place them on top of your rod until it bends enough for them to fall off. Let's see, we will need a fairly flat place to put them - say right...here,"
