 Doris and Lisa

(Fall, 1955)

After the big game there is a homecoming dance and...

CHAPTER 4

Saturday morning Doris looked Lisa up and down. "Good. I think we've got you ready for the parade and the game."

Lisa twirled so her red skirt flared out. "I think this will be great for the dance, too."

The two girls had spent part of the morning helping to decorate the Alpha Delta float for the homecoming parade. Partly as compensation for their help and partly to create some jealousy from the other fraternities the pair had been invited to ride on the float. Fortunately the rain that had drenched them the previous evening had cleared out and the day promised to be sunny and cool.

It was fun to wave to the crown of onlookers lining the parade route, especially enjoying the whistles directed at them along the way. One rather good-looking fellow ran beside the float for a block and a half, imploring "Come on, girls! We can have a good time at the dance tonight! Forget these clowns. Let me show you what a real man can do!"

Doris blew him a kiss. "Sorry. We're busy. Maybe another time."

The parade ended at the stadium, where the floats made one circuit around the field to show off for the early arrivals.

Before the float was taken back to the house the girls alit and Frank took an arm of each. "Lucky you. The game is a sellout – over eighteen thousand – but you two will have some of the best seats in the house. Through the campus newspaper sports editor I was able to get you in on 'press passes' as representatives of Sarah Smith. You'll be up in the press box, right next to the radio booth."

They mounted several flights of stairs and arrived in a sheltered area just above the stands. There were three walls and a roof, but the front was open so the crowd noise could be easily heard. The press box was divided into several booths – one for the radio broadcasters, one for the local press and one for the campus press. The campus press was represented by an attractive brunette, and Frank made introductions.

"Doris, Lisa, this is T. C. Palma, our campus newspaper sports reporter. T. C., these are the two booth mates I told you about."

Lisa was astounded. "A girl? The sports reporter is a girl?"

Frank and T. C. laughed. "T. C. is a crackerjack reporter and loves sports. I'm afraid there is a common prejudice against girls as sports reporters, hence she goes by her initials instead of her real name, Tammy. Very few know Tammy is actually the T. C. who writes all the great articles for the newspaper. The sports editor and I are among the few who know, and the editor doesn't care as long as the articles are good."

Lisa and Doris exchanged a glance. "Oh, we know all about girls in a boys world, don't we, Doris?"

"Yeah. Your secret is safe with us, Tammy, er...T. C."

Frank nodded "I thought you'd understand."

T. C .narrowed her eyes and looked at Frank. "You owe me for the favor, you know."

"Yeah, yeah. I know. Just let me know what I can do for you."

"Oh, I've got something right away. I don't have a date to the dance tonight. A little birdie told me yours cancelled. I'm calling in the debt right now."

Frank studied her a moment to see if she was serious. "Really? Let me check with my charges here. Doris, Lisa – you're set for tonight right?"

"As long as our dates don't get so badly mangled during the game that they can't move, yeah. Richard assures us we will be in good hands. Ooh, I hope the hands are really good, too."

"I think you'll be satisfied, in all senses of the word. Okay, Tammy, you're on. Well, I've got to get to my seat. See you later."

When Frank left, T. C. watched his retreating figure. "There's something about a jock I really like. It's why I do this job. From your comment I get the sense you'll be with some football players tonight. Who are they?"

Lisa said "We don't know their last names, but we were introduced to Stuart and Bobby."

T. C. blew her breath out. "Whoo! Score one for you! I hear Stu is a real stud. A horse I heard someone call him, a stallion. I've been out with Bobby and can testify that he is more than sufficient. Lucky you."

"Well, lucky you, too. Frank isn't bad in that department, either. I could stay up all night talking baseball with him, at least if there is some other stuff thrown in during the night, too. It wouldn't be all talk. He does have good hands."

"All right! It's good to hear another girl likes sports...and jocks, too. What about you, Doris?"

Doris grinned. "I like sports, just the indoor variety. You can keep all your talk, I like action."

"Home runs?"

Lisa laughed. "By the dozen. A real home run derby, although I think she will confirm that athletes have tend to have good hands." 

T. C. offered two metal folding chairs. "Well, I've got to go to work. Sorry it's so crowded in here. It's really only designed for two chairs. This is going to be an intense game. Eastern is awfully good. They are undefeated so far this year. We can talk more at halftime."

The game started and T. C. was right. Eastern was very good, but Western was fired up and stopped them on every drive, although not able to create much themselves on offense. The girls watched as Stu, a halfback, seemed to be the workhorse running back, as well as playing linebacker on defense. Bobby was an end on offense and played in the defensive backfield. 

Just before halftime Eastern broke through the line and blocked a punt, recovering the ball deep in western territory. Western held on defense, but Eastern managed to kick a field goal to go up by three.

At halftime the award-winning Western marching band took the field and the three girls chatted about boys and sports while listening to the music. Lisa said "Frank told me he was a good outfielder but only so-so with the bat."

T.C. laughed. "He is too modest. True, he only batted about .190 freshman year, but last spring he hit .327. He's not just an outfielder. He is a crackerjack second basement, too. Just to illustrate, since you understand baseball: imagine runners on first and third with one out. With the pitch the runner on first breaks for second, and the catcher fires the ball to the shortstop covering second. Frank is supposed to back up the shortstop, but instead streaks in front of him, takes the throw and fires a rocket to home. The catcher is surprised but catches it and tags out the lead runner on a double steal, saving a run. Same game: we have a runner on third with two out. With two strikes on him Frank lays down a perfect bunt. Of course, you know nobody bunts with two strikes, so it caught them by surprise. The pitcher and first baseman know they'll never get him or the runner barreling home, so they helplessly watch the ball roll down the first base line, hoping it will kick foul. It stops dead on the chalk line and the run scores."

"He never told me all that."

"I bet he didn't tell you that some scouts have been looking at him, either. A scout from the Senators came to see another player last year, but was so taken with Frank that the Senators have been watching his games since, and other teams have popped in from time to time also. He may have a future in pro ball."

"I'd love to see him play pro. Maybe he'll end up with the Dodgers."

"You really like baseball?"

"Yeah. My brother and I used to play catch."

"Seriously? You can throw the ball? I mean really, not like a girl?"

"There's not much room here, but how's this form?" Lisa stood and whipped her arm in an overhand throwing motion. "I've got a real glove, too. Big brother can throw hard but I can catch him. He tried to teach me how to throw a curveball, but I never got the hang of it. I did it once or twice but never knew exactly why those curved and the others didn't."

"Impressive. I like to play, too. I wish we went to school together so I'd have someone to play catch with."

"Come on down to Sarah Smith sometime. Maybe you can ride with Joel, one of Frank's fraternity brothers. He's sweet on one of our sorority sisters and they visit back and forth."

Tammy turned to Doris. "So what's your big secret? What are you hiding from everyone else?"

"I like science and math."

"She's too modest, Tammy. She goes to an engineering school as well as Sarah Smith – a double major. Since she's dated a lot of guys from Johnston Smith she has an alter ego –shy, virginal Anna. Anna is supposed to be Doris' sister. She dresses different and acts different. You should see her act! The guys can't believe Anna and sexpot Doris are one and the same."

Doris grinned. "It's worked for going on three years now."

"Good for you! So, we have that secret identity thing in common. I have to tell everyone that T. C. is my brother. So far nobody has asked to meet him, thank goodness."

As the second half was about to begin T. C. looked over her notes and shook her head. "It will take more than what we've got to beat Eastern. We've been playing way over our heads, and that can't last. We just don't have the horses to keep up with them; we'll be worn down by the fourth quarter. Their guys only play either offense or defense, so they stay fresh. A lot of our guys play on both sides of the ball. I wouldn't be surprised to see us have to resort to some trick plays to even keep the score close."

In the third quarter Eastern ground out a long drive against a tiring defense, culminating in a touchdown. The predominantly red-clad crown groaned, while the small blue contingent in one corner of the stadium celebrated. Eastern's superior athleticism seemed to be finally wearing Western down. The one brief glimmer of hope came as Eastern got cocky and went for two, but Stu stopped the runner inches from the goal.

Early in the fourth quarter Western was hemmed in deep in their own territory. A running play resulted in a tired Stu being tackled for a three yard loss, and a pass play was broken up. On third down Stu took a pitchout and sprinted toward the sideline. The Eastern defense brought linebackers and most defensive backs up to stuff the run but Stu abruptly pulled up and kicked the ball.

T.C. jumped out of her seat. "A quick kick! Caught them napping! With a good bounce we can pin them deep."

The kick caught the Eastern defense going the wrong way as Bobby streaked downfield on coverage. The lone defensive back was forced to backpedal but the ball was over his head and took a strong Western bounce. The defender tried to corral the wildly bouncing ball that looked like it would roll deep toward the goal. He tried desperately to catch the ball to down it, but the ball glanced off his hands and Bobby realized the ball was live and he could recover it for Western. Bobby managed to corral it and fell on it as it rolled into the end zone for a touchdown. When he scored the Eastern back was still ten yards away. The extra point was almost blocked, but cut Eastern's lead to two.

That was the jolt of energy Western needed. Eastern was forced to play a more conservative defense, but with determination was able to keep Western on their own end of the field, content to sit on the lead and run out the clock.

As the clock wound down the Western quarterback lofted a desperation pass toward Bobby running down the right sideline. The defender slipped on grass still slick from the previous night's rain, missing what should have been an easy interception, but recovered in time to force Bobby out of bounds at the Eastern ten yard line.

Despite the adrenaline shot, the Eastern defense stonewalled the tired Western line. Three running plays netted five yards, and Western called time out with five seconds remaining. The Western coach motioned an official over and said something, pointing out onto the field. The official nodded and quickly huddled with the other officials. When Western lined up for the field goal attempt Eastern called a time out and huddled on the sideline.

T. C. was worried. "They've already blocked a punt today. And this season so far they've blocked seven attempted field goals. Seven! We are really tired, so this could be dicey. Look! They're substituting some fresh linemen – and they look big. I hope we can hold long enough to get the kick off. We're way over on the hash mark, too. From this close the kick will be at a sharp angle. But, we're only down two, so I'm crossing my fingers."

The teams set for the field goal try, and a silence fell over the crowd as everyone held their breath in anticipation.

Bobby was the holder for the field goal unit. As the ball was snapped the Eastern line gave a mighty shove, creating a seam for a tall defensive back to streak through for the block. Bobby caught the snap but never put the ball on the ground; he tucked it under his arm and sprinted toward the center of the field on his left. Suspecting a trick play such as this, Eastern had some defenders ready and they closed in rapidly to prevent Bobby from scoring. Stu flattened one of them with a block, but the other got around him. 

Bobby suddenly stopped and held the ball out in front of him as he faced the goalposts. The ball dropped, and as it hit the ground the crowd groaned. When the ball caromed up Bobby kicked it and it wobbled over the crossbar. The officials signaled the score.

The Eastern coach angrily waved his arms at the officials as he ran out onto the field, screaming that it was a fumble on an illegal play. The head official conferred with him and the coach eventually threw his hat down in disgust and stomped on it. The official raised his arms once again to emphasize the kick was good, and the stadium erupted. The blue-clad fans stood with their hands clasped on their heads and mouths hanging open in stunned disbelief.

T. C. danced for joy. "A drop kick! A drop kick! I've never seen one before!"

Lisa was puzzled. "I don't understand. It looked like a fumble."

"It's a legal kick, but it's never used anymore because it's so hard to do and you can't kick it very far, especially with any accuracy. That's probably why coach talked to the officials, to let them know it was coming. Believe me, the zebras were watching closely to make sure it was done legally."

Doris looked at the scoreboard, showing the final score Western 10, Eastern 9, and shook her head. "I've never been much of a sports fan, but I'll admit this was really exciting. Maybe I should take up a sport."

Lisa looked at her slack-jawed, and Doris laughed. "Just kidding! The only sport I can do involves a bed, and it gives me all the excitement I need."

Lisa added "And you can do your 'Frank' experiments!" T. C. looked bewildered.

Doris laughingly said "We'll explain about that tonight, T. C. It might be something you want to try."

"Ooh, yeah. We will talk more tonight." She gathered up all her notes "Well, I'd better be off so I can dash off an article. So much to write about! Just remember, when I leave this booth I'm Tammy Palma."

The girls watched Tammy go down the stairs and into the crowd, and then joined the happy throng streaming out of the stadium themselves. Frank caught up with them and gleefully predicted "I'll bet there's a panty raid tonight!"

Lisa frowned. "That's disgusting. Richard told me about them."

"There will be a lot of guys not going to the dance and who are in a celebratory mood with a lot of energy to burn."

Doris laughed "If only they knew that I'd give them whatever they wanted! Well, if they proved themselves worthy first."

"Ladies, I'd like to take you both out to dinner before Doris sees what she can find out about the 'student bodies' on campus."

"What about Tammy?"

"She's got an article to write and will meet us at the dance."

The downtown eateries were crowded, smoky and boisterous. It was hard to have a conversation over the backslapping loud recaps of favorite plays and intense discussions about drop kicks. During the meal Frank jerked his head toward the table next to them. The girls leaned over and clearly heard a group of guys planning the panty raid.

Lisa became worried. "We've got to go back to the Gamma house to change for the dance. Are we going to get caught in that?"

"I doubt it. For some reason they seem to leave the sororities alone. They head for the girl's dorm on campus because it is on their way to the girl's school down the street. I guess the sororities are too spread out and the crowd tends to congregate where there is a greater concentration of girls. I'll walk you over to the Gamma house and then back to our house, just to be safe. After I get ready we can head over to the Student Union for the dance. Stu and Bobby will celebrate with the team for a while and will meet us there."

As Frank escorted the girls to the dance they could hear the cheering and chanting of the panty raiders gathering across the campus.

Music spilled out of the ballroom as the three waited just outside the doors. Tammy was the first to arrive, but was soon joined by Stu and Bobby.

Inside the dancing was just getting under way, with most attendees sitting out the first few numbers.

Lisa enthused "Wow. This band is MUCH better than the 'Knights of Old'"

"They're students, too. Music majors. Gigs like this help pay tuition."

The lively music had them dancing but the group periodically rested at one of the tables ringing the dance floor. "When does the booze come out?" Doris asked.

The others laughed and Frank answered "This is an official school function. I'm afraid it's dry. We'll have to go somewhere else to get something."

Doris volunteered "You may remember, Frank, I keep an emergency libation supply in my car. What do you say we dance a bit more and go somewhere else to celebrate further?"

The three couples strolled out of the ballroom around nine-thirty, leaving the music and dancing behind, strolling over to the Gamma house and Doris' car. When she produced scotch and vodka, they stopped to consider.

Frank told Doris and Lisa "I'm at a loss as to where to go from here. We don't have anything like your arboretum at Western State. Also, it's a bit chilly for outside activity, at least to my taste."

Tammy held up a set of keys and jangled them. "I've got a place. Follow me."

Tammy led them to a back entrance to the gym and unlocked the door. After she locked the door behind them she led them down a dark hallway, counting doors. "Here. This is it. Right across from the coaches' office."

The door opened into a locker room, and the group filed in. "What do you think?"

Frank asked "How did you get keys for this?"

"Coach Parker's daughter, Jessica, is in one of my classes. She uses this place occasionally for some 'extra-curricular activities' and loaned me a set of keys. Basketball team doesn't practice this weekend. I know it is a bit Spartan, but I think we can find some useful items in here."

Again she unlocked a door, this time to a storage room. "There are lots of towels in here, and there are paper cups up on the top shelf. All the balls and other practice equipment is another closet accessible from the gym court."

Doris nodded appreciably. "Damn! First Frank with keys to the lab and now this. Very resourceful. I think we can find things we can use in here. Let's start with those cups."

Doris set up a 'bar' on a locker room bench and the group poured drinks. Doris wandered around with a cup in her hand, exploring. She poked her head into a darkened area and asked "What's in here, Tammy."

Tammy flipped on the lights. "Showers. This is where the team showers after practice or a game."

"Not like the showers at Sarah Smith. Look at this, Lisa! Everyone showers together in one big room."

"I'm not sure I'd like that."

Frank explained "gang showers are busy. Guys wander in and out as they are ready."

Doris pursed her lips. "Hmmmm."

Lisa laughed. "Uh oh! 'Hmmm' means Doris is cooking something up."
