 We had talked about having a threesome/moresome, but we'd never had the courage to ask anybody. So when we'd had a few too many drinks at the bar and our new friends, two juniors in college, had been telling us about their new apartment I suggested they show it to us. My wife said, "Yes, let's!" a little too enthusiastically, and they agreed in an innocent, friendly manner. The next thing we knew we were walking up the last flight of stairs and entering their small but cozy student apartment.

It was laid out with the typical student accoutrements (a big screen TV and impressive sound system), but we nodded politely as they gave us the quick tour. In the kitchenette they had a full bottle of tequila beside a half-empty bottle of rum, and my wife and I smiled sideways at each other. This was going to be a fun night.

"I bet that sound system gets some good bass," she said. "Let's try it out!" They went back to the living room to get it started and we followed, but not before my wife swiped the tequila. She opened the it as they fiddled with the sound system and took four or five gulps right from the bottle. Then she closed it back up and set it aside just as the music came on. It was Techno, but not the frenetic, heart-attack-inducing stuff; it was medium-light with a solid, slow beat. My wife moaned, "Oooh, yeah!" as her hips started rocking to the beat, and she slid her arms sensually up above her head.

I was already sitting in a comfortable, lounging armchair and our two new friends sat down across from me, ready to enjoy some good beats and maybe have a conversation. Little did they know, they were in for the time of their lives. My wife did not sit but shimmeyed to the middle of the room, and all three of us watched her body intently as it swayed and writhed to the rhythm of the music. Her flirtations were all directed at me, but I could tell her exhibitionist side was loving the attention she was getting from the two guys, as evidenced by the significant bulges their trousers couldn't hide. Every move she made was exaggerated, using her full range of motion, but also smooth and provocative as she thrust out her ass, chest, hips, or hands, turning around and around in an extended bout of sensual dancing.

She wore only a little white spaghetti strap sundress, freehanging from the bustline, with small, colorful flowers all over it, that came up well above her cleavage and down almost to her knees. For a paper-thin dress that hung on her every curve, it was really rather modest. She wore brown stiletto ankle shoes that added about six inches with a big, flashy, brass buckle, and I knew she had a silky black strapless bra on and matching panties. Once when she did a particularly fast twirl with her arms above her head, the hem of her dress flared out and we all caught a glimpse of her gorgeous ass framed by the curved, black line of her panties. She didn't seem to notice and the next time she twirled like that we all tilted our heads a bit to see more.

The next song was a faster and she took one of the guys buy the hand and pulled him to his feet. She led him in a few cha-chas with a laugh and a slow twirl, then bent over to draw me into the ring as well. As she pulled me out of my seat she inadvertently backed up into the first guy and he reached out to steady her, but only managed to hold on to her swaying hips. 

Once she was vertical again I pressed into her from the front and together this guy and I squeezed her between us, letting her dancing body grind against ours. She pressed her back into him as she danced, leaving his hands where they were and raising her arms above her head while the second guy watched from his armchair. After a few minutes my wife reached out for the second guy with both hands and with a smile beckoned him to join us. He took her hands and she cha-cha'd with him for half a dozen steps, brushing me and the first guy with her hips as she shimmyed back and forth.

When she returned to slowly dancing with her hands above her head the three of us pressed in close to feel her body against ours. She rotated slowly, trying not to topple in her stilettos, gyrating her hips and snaking her body to the rhythm of the music. Every time she got her back to me she would grind her ass into my crotch, letting the bulge in my trousers ride right along the cleft in her dress, then keep turning with a churlish grin like nothing had happened.

The next time the music changed I slipped out of the circle to get a shot glass and salt shaker from the kitchenette. When I returned my wife was still dancing with the two guys like nothing had happened. Her eyes were closed and she was lost in the music, absent-mindedly grinding her ass on one or the other's bulging crotch every few turns. I smiled and watched her enjoy them for a few minutes before loudly saying, "Shots!"

My wife looked up at me in mild surprise, pulled her ass away from the guy she was grinding on, and fixed her dress that had ridden up to let the bottom curve of her ass just start peeking out from underneath. "Yes, shots!" she said breathlessly and placed one hand on each of the guys' shoulders, letting them trail down their chests to just above the crotch line as she walked over to me.

I put the shot glass and salt shaker down beside the tequila and pulled my shirt off with one smooth motion. "Take 'em off, boys!" I said cockily, "She'll do shots right off your chest." I smiled, they followed suit in stunned surprise, and my wife gave me a sly, wry grin, biting her lip in feigned chagrin. She had never done shots off of anyone as far as I knew, but as I suspected she'd had enough to drink that she was willing to try anything. Without breaking eye contact she licked from my ribs up to my neck and salted the line. Then she licked it again and downed the tequila shot I handed her.

Both guys cheered and she turned toward them with empty shot glass raised, dipping a little at the knees in acceptance of their praise. I led her with a hand in the small of her back over to the first guy, her hips swaying with her small steps in those high stiletto heels. When she bent over to lick his chest as well, she inadvertently went a little farther down than she had on me and licked from his navel up to his ribs. Then, with a sultry wink up at him she salted, licked again, and downed the shot, standing triumphantly once more.

With a giggle she turned to the second guy, but she stumbled as she stepped toward him. She caught herself on his belt buckle and he froze as she sank down to her knees, using a hand on the ground and a hand on his pants to steady herself. She giggled a, "What did I even trip on?!" and raised her head back up to the level of his crotch. We all had hardons from dancing with her and she had pulled the front of his pants down low enough that we could just see the base of his rock hard shaft. Seemingly without noticing she licked from the top of his pubic hair up to his navel, and I wondered if she knew her fingers were laying against his manhood.

She proceeded to salt him, lick him again, and take the shot I handed her, downing it as she pulled herself up on the front of his trousers. All three of us helped her up, and once she was standing again she strutted over to the tequila bottle and upended the empty shot glass beside it. Then she danced back toward the three of us, arms raised above her head, taking tiny steps in those high heels and swaying her hips to the music.

The guys were enamored with her, watching her every move with rapt attention. I was determined to have them inside her by the end of the night, but I knew I had to acclimatize her to the situation, going slowly so she wouldn't be afraid or embarrassed. "Hey, we've got our shirts off, but you've still got yours on!" I said sarcastically, "How is that fair?"

She looked at me with a teasing look and said, "You just want me to take my top off." I shrugged and nodded. She smiled mischeviously and said, "Is that a dare?" I shrugged and nodded again, chuckling.

"We'll all take a shot if you do," I said, upping the ante.

"Deal," she said, and reached behind her back to unclasp her bra. Then she unhooked the straps from her arms, reached between her cleavage, and pulled it out without ever giving us a glimpse of what it previously contained. Then with sticking her tongue out at me in comical defiance, she tossed the bra in a corner and went back to dancing.

I came up behind her and slid my hands up her sides to her shoulders, trapping her arms above her head. "We still have to do our shots," I said. She wrapped her arms around my neck and murmured her agreement. Then I pulled the hem of her dress up to her bust line, exposing her bare, swaying skin from her ribs down to her ankles, broken only by the thin line of her black silk panties.

"Grab her hips and give her a lick," I told the first guy, "Wherever you want." He wasted no time in kneeling in front of her and laying his hands along her hips. He tentatively licked from her panty line up to her navel before salting, and when he saw me smiling and nodding he dipped his tongue down behind her panties for his second lick. She giggled and pressed back against me, wriggling like it tickled and smiling like she enjoyed it. 

After he stood up and took his tequila shot I spun my wife around to face me. My hands guided her shoulders down to my waist, and she started kissing at the skin above my belt line. Then I slid her dress up past her bra tan line, exposing her ass pushed out toward the second guy. Her panties only covered half of her ass before, and now they slid up to reveal both beautiful cheeks to the guy stepping up behind her.

"Grab her hips and give her a lick," I told the second guy, "Wherever you want." He placed his hands on the sides of her ass, revelling in the sensation for a moment before bending over her and licking straight up the middle of her back. She giggled playfully under me, and I held her gently until he had finished salting, licking again, and turning to get his tequila shot.

She stood up again, shaking out the sensation down her whole body, and bit her lower lip with a shy smile. "My turn," I said and pressed my body against hers, kissing her neck. She took a half step back into the waiting arms of the second guy and rolled her head back to rest on his shoulder. My arms wandered innocently up her arms, then hooked her dress straps and slid them down her arms taking her dress with them. By the time I had gotten them past her hands the top of her dress had peeled down to her ribs, letting her naked breasts spill out into the warm air.

With a gasp she instinctively covered her breasts with her hands, but before she could do anything else I grabbed her firmly by the hips and ran my tongue between her breasts, clear up to her clavicle. She opened her mouth wide in astonishment and let out a soft peal of incredulous laughter at my audacity, then thrust her chest forward and waited for me to salt and lick again. After salting her tits I placed my mouth at the base of her sternum between her breasts and poured the tequila shot down her chest, eagerly lapping up the salty liquid as it trickled down to me. She let out an "Ooooh," and leaned slightly forward into my mouth. Her fingers relaxed and all three of us glimpsed her nipples through the gaps.

Once I had thoroughly cleaned off her chest with my tongue I pulled the top of her dress back up, making sure to tuck her straps in as I did so. She didn't seem to notice, and when she was covered again she leaned in and kissed me deeply on the lips before turning away to start dancing again. The way she was grinding her legs together and smiling and giggling to herself, I could tell she was really horny and would definitely beg me to fuck her when we got home. But I had other plans.

Now as we danced I made a point of running my hands up and down her body, kneeling all the way down to the floor to tickle her ankles before coming back up. On the way down I would ride my hands over her dress, but on the way up I would slide my fingers along her legs to her stomach, running them along the inside edge of her panties on my way past. The first few times she slid her hands down her dress to make sure it hadn't ridden up, but soon she stopped checking.

The next time I slid my hands up her legs, I pulled her skirt up as well and kept my fingers diddling along her panty line. The two guys straddled her bare legs as they danced and watched my fingers work their way down to start fingering her pussy. Her moan told me how just horny she really was, and she thrust out her pelvis to get my fingers deeper into her snatch. Both of the guys chuckled in amazement, still content to watch me finger-bang my wife in front of them.

Soon my other hand was working its way across her ass, slipping under her panties to finger her from behind as well. She cooed at my touch and rotated her hips, sticking out her ass to let my fingers bury themselves inside her wet womanhood. With her eyes closed she leaned toward one of the guys, a few inches from his face with her mouth half open, breathing shallow breaths as she focused on trying to cum on my hand. After a few moments she realised she should probably be dancing and straightened up, starting to move a little but keeping a space for my fingers to continue their work.

She started turning again, rotating as she danced in the middle of our little three-man circle, and my fingers slipped from her pussy to her thighs. I removed my hands and stepped away to let the two guys close in on my wife, which they eagerly did. And no sooner had they replaced my hands on her hips than she grabbed one and shoved it into her pussy. The shocked look on his face made me smile, and he immediately started fingering her with an eager urgency.

The look on her face changed to one of serenity and she leaned forward to grant better access from behind. The second guy quickly slid his hand around her ass and started fingering her as well. I started stroking my hard shaft through my trousers as I watched these two horny guys dry humping my wife's legs and fingering her pussy from the front and behind.

When I moved back into the circle we all started fingering her as she turned, one at a time, and together we worked her panties down over her ass to her mid-thigh. Her inner thighs glistened with moisture that dripped down from her hungry cunt, begging to be sated by strong, thick cock. I started going up and down as I danced again, running my fingers along her legs and working her panties down to her knees. We kept grabbing her ass and pussy, enjoying the feel of her bare skin until her panties suddenly dropped to her ankles.

She tripped into the first guy and he fell back, landing comforatably in a recliner and catching her bodily on top of him. "I'm sorry," she laughed, "I tripped again," and looked into his eyes in a long, happy stare. I took the opportunity to slip her panties off her ankles and toss the into the corner with her bra before helping her up. She looked around and, not seeing anything that could have made her trip, wrapped her arms around my neck and started slow dancing with me.

"I'm so tipsy," she whispered.

I whispered back, "I know." Then swaying with her I grabbed her hips, petting her ass as we danced. "It'll be ok, just go with it." She looked up at me and smiled, then nuzzled into my chest in complete security. I held her shoulders and spun her around so she could lean back against me and loop her arms back around my neck as we lazily drifted side to side to the music.

I started kissing her neck and sliding my hands under her dress down her back and between her breasts. She moaned and turned her head to kiss me on the lips, and as she did I slipped her dress down over her tits. Her breasts looked magnificent with her arched back, and both of the guys started stroking their bulges through their trousers. I proceeded to slide her dress down over her hips, and dipped down to the ground and back up as she swayed her naked hips. Now she was completely naked except for her stiletto heels, and I ran my hands lustily over her smooth skin. The two guys stared at her gorgeous naked body swaying a foot in front of their faces, reaching their hands down their pants to stroke their rock hard members.

"Let's get you to bed," I said in her ear and took her by the hand to lead her down the hallway. She nodded and muttered in agreement as she let me lead her, swaying her naked hips and taking cute, petite steps in her six inch heels. The two guys followed behind her, eyes riveted to her naked ass as it swayed uncertainly down the hallway. I led her back to the bedroom and she sat down on the edge of the bed.

She lay back almost immediately and let her hands explore her body, skimming over the mounds of her breasts, caressing her smooth hips, and eventually gravitating to her clean shaven pussy. All three of us watched her writhe sleepily for a few moments as she fingered herself on the bed, eyes closed in pleasure, legs parted a little to give access to her nethers. I asked the two guys if they were experienced and their um well's were all the response I needed.

"Well the first thing you always need to do is make the woman cum," I instructed, stripping down to my boxers. They did the same and I knelt down at the edge of the bed between my wife's legs. I showed them where to suck, lick, and nibble before leaning in to give a demonstration. My wife arched her back as I licked in and around her pussy, and started moaning quick shallow breaths when I sucked on her clit. Then pulling away I stood up and turned to the first guy.

"Your turn," I said with a smile, and he knelt wide-eyed in my place. He cautiously leaned in, giving her folds a tentative lick. She moaned at his touch and rolled her hips back and forth to get more of his tongue. Without any more prompting he pressed his tongue fully into her and began french kissing her pussy lips.

With an "Oh yes!" she grabbed the back of his head and pulled him against her, guiding his face to her pleasure. He instinctively slid his hands up her legs to her thighs and gently caressed her skin as he ate her out with gusto. She arched her back more and cried out, "Oh God, you feel good!" in a breathy, lustful voice. She said it exactly the way she talks to me, and I could tell she thought I was the one eating her out.

I smiled and stroked myself through the thin material of my boxers, watching my wife build quickly to an orgasm. After a few minutes her arms and legs tensed up, and she let out a cry of ecstasy as she came all over the guy's face. He stood up with a stupid grin on his face, looked at me, and said, "Holy shit."

I just nodded and chuckled, clapping him on the shoulder and telling him he did a good job. I then proceeded to remove my boxers and tell them about how women can have multiple orgasms if they get aroused again, before climbing onto the bed. I lifted my wife and sat behind her, letting my rock hard cock lay in the small of her back. She lay there happily caressing my legs as I pointed out her nipples and areolas to the guys. They mounted the bed beside her and each took a nipple in their mouths, taking the liberty of feeling up every inch of her body as they sucked on her tits.

She lay there in a drunk, post-orgasmic bliss, and I watched these two guys enjoy her body, taking turns fingering her until she was close to another orgasm. "Ok," I said to the second guy, "Your turn." He climbed off the bed and knelt between her legs, leaning in to lick and suck her pussy like the last guy. It took her longer this time, but they had gotten her close enough that after about five or six minutes she was writhing sleepily against me in a second, softer orgasm.

"Nice," I said to the second guy as he stood, checking his jaw with a grin on his face. My wife was sweating lightly and breathing hard, with her head rolled back on my shoulder. I said, "Condoms," and the first guy produced a box of them. Then dropping their boxers they rolled the latex down their rock hard members. I hooked my knees inside my wife's, sliding her hips to a good position near the edge of the bed and spreading her legs wide. Then I nodded to the first guy, "Go for it."
