 We were dancing at a local club, enjoying ourselves like a normal Friday night. I had been in a mood to have a couple of guys fuck my wife again, and consequently I had been extra handsy with her. She wore a simple, green, spaghetti strap tank top and modest, white flowing skirt that came down almost to her knees. I had seen her put on a simple black bra and blue-and-white striped panties. She had on a pair of sexy high heels that really showed off her legs, though she didn't know how good she looked in them, and I aimed to use that to my advantage.

I slid my hands up and down her body as we danced, and on one pass I caught the hem of her skirt and gave her a deep kiss as I pulled it up to tuck into the back of her shirt. I scanned the room as we danced for anyone eyeing my wife's panty-clad ass, and saw a group of five guys sitting at a table pointing at her and talking amongst themselves. I made sure to move so that she had to stretch her legs out or bend over, giving them an eyeful and keeping their attention.

After a few songs my wife said she had to go to the bathroom, and I kissed her deeply again so I could smooth her skirt back down unnoticed. As soon as she had gone I joined the five guys at the table and asked if they liked what they saw. The resounding "Yes" I received put a smile on my face, and I gave one of the guys a $20 bill and told him to go buy a box of condoms then come right back. I told the rest of them that if she liked them I could arrange for all of them to fuck her once we had found a more secluded place. The look on their faces was priceless as my wife came back from the bathroom.

She sat down beside me and leaned against my shoulder with one hand on my chest as she greeted everyone at the table. I could tell she liked how friendly they were being but was unsure of herself around them nonetheless. As we all sat around and talked about nothing much for 20 minutes or so, she started loosening up and engaging more in the conversation. By the time the place closed she had probably had about four drinks and was tipsy but not drunk.

We all stepped out onto the sidewalk in front of the club, and I asked "Where to now?".

One of the guys said, "Why don't we all come back to my dorm room?"

And before my wife could respond I eagerly said, "We're in!" We all followed the guy for a few blocks and I liked feeling my wife cling to my arm as we walked down the street. Last time she was drunk enough that she didn't remember anything beyond a vague sense of getting fucked. I could tell she was nervous, not that I would actually let five guys fuck her but that she would sit around awkwardly for an hour with nothing to talk about while 'us guys' carried on. I put my arm around her confidently and smiled to myself.

When we got to the dorm we all piled silently into the glass exterior elevator. You could see in every direction for several blocks, and the interior of the elevator was as brightly lit as the occasional pedestrians that passed under the streetlamps. To break the palpable tension my wife asked, "So, now that the bars are closed, what do you guys want to do?"

"You," said one of the guys and hit the STOP button just as the elevator started to rise. All five of the guys started pressing up against her and groping her breasts, ass, back, and thighs under her clothing. She looked surprised and pressed through the throng to my waiting arms, looking around at them hesitantly and nervously checking the street for pedestrians.

I slipped her straps off her shoulders and down her arms, and she looked up at me with surprise that I was a part of this. I just smiled at her and said, "You'll have fun, I promise." Then grabbing her wrists I pulled her arms above her head and held her in place for them. First they pulled her skirt down her legs and let it fall in a heap around her feet. She looked into my eyes like a deer in headlights, and too stunned to protest as they undressed her. Next they slid her shirt down to her waist and tugged it over her hips until it fell around her ankles as well.

One of them unhooked her bra and it dropped, letting her breasts hang free and brush her nipples against my chest. Their hands were all over her body, each of them trying to cop a feel as she took shallow, nervous breaths. One of them slid her panties down around her ass to her ankles, and I turned her around to present her naked to the wanton lust in their eyes. Their groping hands continued to worship every inch of her body, now brushing her breasts and petting her pussy. She turned her head to bury her face in my neck. "Is it really ok?" she asked breathlessly.

"Trust me," I said, "You just focus on feeling good, and we'll do the rest." She gasped as fingers squirmed along her pussy lips and moaned as a tongue licked the space between her breasts. One of the guys started flicking her hard nipple with the tip of his tongue, and she giggled nervously and squirmed at his touch. I wanted to let them get acquainted with my wife's body before they fucked her, so for a few minutes they cupped her breasts, squeezed her ass, and ran their hands up and down her legs.

She had become enthralled by their touch. When I finally let her go she sank to her knees, catching herself with her hands and looking up at the six men surrounding her. We all unbuckled our pants and pulled them down enough to pull out our dicks. Her naked body had made every one of us rock hard and she blushed as we prepared to satisfy ourselves in her.

I could see she was starting to have second thoughts, so I bent down and helped her stand, pulling her arms away when she tried to cover herself up. Then with one hand on her hip and the other on her shoulder I bent her forward until her face was level with one of their bulging, swollen cocks. Her hand came up to stroke the shaft with her fingertips and she stared at it, mesmerized for a moment. "Go on," I said encouragingly, shifting my hand from her shoulder to her jaw and gently pushing her forward. She had never actually sucked a dick other than mine before so she took a deep breath, let it out, and gently licked the underside of his silky, purple head.

Several of the guys started slowly jacking off as they watched her kiss, lick, and gently stroke the guy's member, unsure how much more she should do. With one hand on her jaw I guided her mouth to the end of his throbbing dick, and with my hips against her ass pressed her lips forward, engulfing him. Our audible murmurs and grunts enticed her to continue and she slid her mouth all the way down his shaft to the base. I put both of my hands on her hips and moved with her body as she pulled back off his cock. Her hand delicately stroked his glistening manhood a few times before parting her lips and sliding him inside her mouth again.

I moved one hand up to stroke her back as she smoothly slid halfway down his shaft and back. She kept her mouth around his knob and delicately petted his dick with her fingertips, lightly at first but growing more and more confident. I took my hand off her back and motioned for one of the guys to take my place, and he stepped up beside her and placed his hand on her hip. She lightly gripped his girth, curling her fingers around the shaft and sliding her lips down to meet them. As I removed my other hand and stepped away the guy stepped up behind her, sliding his palms in circles across her ass cheeks and laying his long, hard cock along her ass crack.

My wife moaned and started bobbing her head up and down on the cock she was sucking, unaware that the guy humping her from behind was a stranger. He lined himself up for penetration and she arched her back a little to give him a better angle. As he pressed his hips forward and her pussy lips enveloped his cock, she let out a moan and paused on the dick she was sucking to savor the feeling. Only once he was buried balls deep inside her did she start slowly bobbing her head on the manhood again.

The guy behind her matched her speed and fucked her pussy as slowly as she slid her lips up and down the shaft she held in her fingers. She started going faster and he matched her speed until he was fucking her at a nice, steady pace, slapping his hips into her ass as he bottomed out on every stroke. The elevator wasn't very big but we all tried our best to stay against the walls, giving these two guys more room to fuck my wife. She started moaning and breathing hard, and we all stroked our cocks as we waited our turn.

She pulled her mouth off her man meat to take a deep breath but continued to jack him off in a steady rhythm with her hand. "Oooh, that feels good, honey," she said more or less in the direction of the guy fucking her from behind. "You can fuck me as hard as you want, to give these guys a good show to jack off to," she said, winking up at a guy who was jacking off near her face. Then with many moans and sighs of pleasure she started sucking off the cock again, jacking him with her hand like she was trying to make him cum.

In about thirty seconds her efforts paid off and the guy she was blowing rolled his head back, placing his hands on her shoulders. She kept her mouth on the end of his dick as he came, squealing and moaning between gulps. He emptied himself into her and only after she had drunk it all down did he step away. I quickly stepped up and dropped my pants to the floor, and she slipped her mouth over my cock without looking up.

The guy fucking her from behind had started fucking her harder, bottoming out and jolting her body with each thrust. Soon she pulled her mouth off of me and started stroking my member as she called back to the guy, "Yes! Yes! Fuck me harder!" I loved hearing my wife talk dirty, and my cock swelled in her hand as she jacked me off. He buried his cock in her and grabbed her hips to hold himself inside her pussy as he came for almost a minute. "Cum in me!" she called to him, "Yes! Cum in my pussy! Fill me up!" It must have been a really good cum, judging by his face, and when he finally pulled out he looked exhausted.

My wife looked up at me like she was going to say something witty and froze when she saw that I was not the one she had seductively urged to cum in her pussy. I smiled slyly at her and slipped my raging hardon into her open mouth, holding her head in my hands to start her bobbing again. "Who's next?" I said, nodding to her exposed pussy and ass swaying in the middle of the well-lit elevator. She shifted her feet uneasily, pressing her legs together in anticipation of the inevitable.

Another guy stepped up behind her and immediately dipped his swollen, purple head into her womanhood. Then holding her ass firmly he steadily pressed himself into her until he bottomed out. Her lips released their grip and she held my member in her gaping mouth, gripping my hips tightly as she her body was overwhelmed by pleasure in her pussy. I knew my wife's pussy got puffy and engorged whenever she was turned on, and I pictured it engulfing this guy's thick cock as he started thrusting long and hard from behind.

I almost came right there, but to try to make it last I looked out the glass walls that made up three sides of the small room. On the sidewalk directly in front of the elevator a couple of yards away stood a young, handsome guy. He stood watching in awe as my wife took it from the front and behind, and the furious motion of his hand down his baggy pants told me he was loving every second of it. A few more yards away I also saw two young ladies leaning against the light pole on the corner. Their sundresses were pulled up to the waist and each had a hand down the other's panties, fingering each other as they watched us fucking.

"I love college towns," I thought to myself as I turned back to my wife. The guy was fucking her harder and faster now, and she was bracing off my hips to keep her balance. She had her eyes closed and was breathing hard, unable to suck my dick as she focused and was clearly very close to cumming. Her hands slipped from an especially powerful thrust and she slid off my hips, catching herself on the wall beside me. He didn't break stride but actually fucked her harder, pressing her breasts and face against the glass pane with her arms splayed out to the side as she begged him not to stop.

"Don't stop! I'm so close!" she cried, "Yes! Yes! Fuck me!" The sound of tits bouncing off the glass with each thrust matched the fap fap fap of his balls hitting her clit. Her short, intense cries of pleasure told me she was on the brink of a climax, and after a few more strokes she broke through into a thundering orgasm. Her scream was the most intensely satisfied I've ever heard from her, reverberating around the small space and out into the world. The man on the street came in his pants and the two women bit their lower lips and looked wistfully at each other.

The guy fucking her came, too, and when he was finished he released her body from his ravenous clutches. She sank to the floor and started to say, "Ooof, that was fun, but I think I'm done." Before she could finish I grabbed her face and impaled her mouth on my dick.

"Help me get her up, boys," I said and they all lifted her back up so the next guy could fuck her from behind. Her knees were shaking from cumming all over that guy's throbbing dick and from the vicious pounding he gave her with it, but the roomful of guys held her up for the next guy. He carefully lined up his cock and she panted in short, hesitant breaths as he slowly pierced her with the full length of his shaft. Her legs swayed limply under her and the toes of her high heels tapped on the floor when he bottomed out at the back of her pussy, forcing the air out of her lungs in a shaky, lustful breath. He held her ass firmly in both hands and she squealed as he bucked his hips to try to stuff that last half inch into her.

Our hands held her steady as he started his full, deep strokes, and her mouth was locked open, panting a mindless "Ungh" with each thrust. I slipped my cock out from between her lips to let the sounds of her pleasure reverberate around the room, stepping away from the window to give passers-by a good view. Her tits swayed freely under her and her eyes were closed in concentration, face frozen in an intense O face. She started to whimper softly on each stroke as his speed increased, and I could tell he was prodding the depths of her pussy each time his balls slapped against her clit.

Two more guys stopped on the street, this time pulling out their dicks and coming right up to the glass a foot from my wife's face to masturbate. The guy fucking her started to groan and, after a few fast strokes, sheathed himself to the hilt inside her. Her cries of "Yes! Yes! Yes!" started softly but grew to shouts of pleasure and desire. "Cum! Yes! Fuck yes!" The two women at the light pole tensed, clearly cumming all over each others' hands as they watched the scene from a few yards away. The guy finished pumping my wife full of cum and took a step back with a huge, satisfied grin on his face.

"Fuck her from the front," I said to the last guy, and we lifted her up and spread her legs. The guys held her ankles, thighs, arms, and back for support, and I held her ass to guide her hips. The guy lined up his cock to her pussy as I pushed her hips against his, the five of us slowly impaling her body on his raging, swollen manhood. She drew in a sharp breath as her pussy lips engulfed his silky head and shaft, and she let out a long, moaning sigh of satisfaction when she bottomed out at the base of his throbbing dick. I pressed my hips against her, grinding my cock along the top of her ass crack and pinning her between us.

He thrust once or twice, then left himself pulsing in her pussy as he reached up to fondle her chest. "No! Please," she moaned, "Fuck my pussy! Don't stop." Hearing her begging for this guy's cock almost made me shoot my load right then and there. I pulled my dick away to calm down, and the guy fucking her grabbed her newly available ass. He pulled himself into her hard, starting to fuck her with slow, determined strokes. The rest of the guys helped raise her up and slam her into his hips in rhythm with his thrusting.

She screamed out "Yes!" or "Fuck!" or "Cock!" reactively on each impact, thrusting her chest forward as her back tensed with her impending orgasm. She had caught the tail of her last hard climax and had been building it the whole time the last guy was fucking her. Finally she broke through. In short, breathy gasps she said, "I'm cumming!", then screamed at the top of her lungs. Flexed every muscle in her body as she came again, almost as hard as the first time.

All five guys felt up her body as she was wracked with pleasure, and for over a minute they molested her breasts, ass, legs, and face. She slowly subsided and leaned back into their arms to let their hands enjoy her exhausted body. Then she moaned and said, "Please." They held her firm and steady, and her voice was full of lust and feeling, "Please cum in me. I need it so bad! Fuck me hard. Fill my pussy up with cum and never stop!" I stopped touching my dick to keep from cumming, listening to my wife panting for this guy's cum. And the squealing, moaning sounds she made when he gave it to her still almost made me shoot my load.

He grabbed her ribcage and thrust his hips a few more times to make her tits bounce, then slammed himself home inside her hard enough to make her yelp. The passion in her cries of "Yes! Yes!" told me how much she was enjoying, and the honesty in her moan of, "Oh I love your cock so much," told me she was hooked. I smiled as he finished pumping his emissions into her and I stroked her leg until he pulled out.

The guys held her on her back for me, chest thrust upward, head lolled back, legs widespread, pussy red, puffy, and begging to be fucked one last time. I slid my hands along her inner thighs and I could hear her soft pleas of "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me," as I slid my overengorged cock head along her pussy lips. She quivered as I slipped my tip inside her, and I could feel her squirm under me as I left it there and reached up to fondle her tits.

The guys must have been getting a little tired at this point as my wife was now past vertical, and she reached her arms up above her head to brace off the ground. The two guys on the street came around to watch her tits bounce as I fucked her and played with her nipples. I slid my hands down her body to her hips and pulled my hips into her. Her pussy was loose from being fucked four times already, but I was so thick and hard from watching that my balls ached, and I stretched her pouting lips to snugly fit my invading member. She was so near the wall that her breath fogged up the glass when she gasped as my cock bottomed out in the depths of her soul.

I started thrusting a slower rhythm than normal, enjoying the feel of her well-fucked body under me. The two guys jacking off at the window finally came and creamed the outside of the glass in a few dozen spurts. I smiled at how sexy my wife looked and started pumping harder, ready to cum. My hips sealed my throbbing cock in her pussy and I burst my satisfaction inside her waiting womanhood. I could feel her abused pussy trying to spasm on my shaft in a weak attempt to reclaim its spent orgasmic vigor.

I came hard and throbbing, harder than I have in a long time if I ever did. An gasping cry escaped her lips, but her exhausted body lay helplessly willing to receive everything I filled her with. My balls throbbed and pumped for what felt like ages, and when they were finally spent I pulled out. The condom I was wearing was full and had started to leak out the back when I took it off and tossed it into the box with the other used condoms.

There was only one condom left but two of the guys were ready to go again, so one fucked her pussy while the other fucked her mouth. They knelt my wife down on all fours so she could relax while they double penetrated her. I zipped up my pants and stood looking out the window as I came down from my climax. I could hear two pairs of balls fap fap fapped against my wife's pussy and chin a few feet behind me, and the shallow, gasping moans from her throat told me she had regained her nervous instinct, at least for the moment. Glancing back I saw them holding her hips and shoulders as one pounded her pussy and the other fucked her face. They reached up for a high five over her naked back before reaching under her to feel up her smooth inner thighs and swinging breasts.
