 Marta left at sunrise, and I could hear the rusty muffler on her old Chevy barking as she drove away. The drone of a fishing boat heading out lulled Lindsey and I back to sleep. We slept in a bit, enjoying the luxury of it, and Lindsey cooked bacon and eggs in her bra and panties — super sexy ones that I remembered her buying at Victoria's Secret that day last summer when she was so frustrated with being 'unattractive' and asked me to go shopping with her. She certainly turned a corner after that, and these days she turns heads wherever she goes. While she was cooking, the nice old southern gentleman from the boat in the slip next to us knocked on our hull, and I invited him aboard.

"Steve, I hate to be a complainer, especially about this," he said quietly, "but we could clearly hear y'all last night and, well, the missus was a little unhappy." He added, quietly and with a smile, "I myself didn't mind it a bit."

"Oh I'm sorry George," I said. "I did close up the hatches, but that was thoughtless of us. It's pretty close quarters in here. We should have gone out to an anchorage. I guess we got carried away."

"I sure don't blame ya Steve, no sir I sure don't. The missus wanted me to mention it, that's all. Enough said about that. Looks like another beautiful day," he said, looking up at the wispy clouds.

"We were just about to sit down for some breakfast George, would you like to join us? Or maybe have a cup of coffee with us?" I asked.

"Why thank ya! I do believe I got time for a cup!" he said with a smile.

I knew George had been secretly admiring Lindsey since we'd arrived, and she'd enjoyed flirting with the kind old gentleman a bit, so I invited him down to the dinette table across from the galley where we could sit and chat with her while she cooked in her skimpy lingerie. 

"Mornin' George!" Lindsey said as he slid into his seat, and she kissed him on the cheek with bacon tongs in her hand.

"Well if you're not the prettiest thing to ever hit these parts my name's not George Wimple," he said, shaking his head in disbelief.

Lindsey stood there with a huge smile on her face, looking even sexier than if she was naked. You could clearly see her lovely nipples through the tiny pale green lace bra, and the matching hip-hugger style panties made her ass look like a million bucks.

"George is gonna have a cup of coffee with us sweetie," I said. "He and Flora could hear us last night. I'm afraid we weren't very good neighbors."

"Oh no! I'm sorry George. We'll try and keep it down. But it's hard to be good when you're bein' bad," Lindsey said with a wink.

"Like I said to Steve," he said quietly, "it was Flora that was bothered. I didn't mind it a bit."

Lindsey poured the coffee and plated up our food, and she slid in next to George. She flirted mercilessly with the kind old man, and he loved every minute of it. Lindsey has a habit of crossing her arms on her stomach when she laughs, and every time she did it with this particular little bra it completely exposed her tits to him. Needless to say, he told some wonderful jokes and kept us in stitches the whole time. He went back to his wife Flora in the big white fiberglass powerboat next to us with a huge smile on his face.

*****

That afternoon Marta called. Lindsey had told her about the playroom and her love of group sex, and Marta called to say she had found a 'party' for us to go to that night if we wanted. I told her we'd stop by the restaurant during her lunch break and talk about it.

"It's at the house of a guy my old boyfriend Juan works for," she told us as we sipped iced tea at a picnic table behind the restaurant. "His name's Carlos, and he's very wealthy — from Miami. I've been to a few parties there. He comes in to the restaurant and flirts with me, and sometimes invites me, but I haven't gone alone, since I broke up with Juan. Carlos was in for breakfast this morning, could tell I'd had a good night — he'd had one too I think — and we got talking about sex. If you guys are into it I think it'll be fun — he's got an amazing house and his friends are nice upper-class kind of folks."

"Sounds like fun," I said, "but what about your old boyfriend — will he be there?"

"I don't know," she said. "I don't think so — I think they had a falling out."

"Let's go," Lindsey said. "We can always leave if any of us are uncomfortable."

"Good!" Marta said. "I think you'll like it. The house is really something to see. I'll pick you up at seven o'clock. It doesn't take long to get there."

*****

The three of us rumbled across the bridge in Marta's old Chevy, heading east, away from Key West. We crossed some small islands on the highway, and then turned off onto a bigger one that seemed to be very upscale, with some impressive looking real estate. We passed a few very private looking driveways, and then turned onto one with a gate and a security camera and intercom. Marta spoke into it, the gate swung open, and we rumbled in on the concrete driveway and parked the beat up old Chevy among a large assemblage of high-end cars — Mercedes, Cadillac, Bentley and Ferrari were all represented, among others.

Marta switched off the noisy engine and we could hear laughter coming from the open windows of the big Spanish style house. The massive front door swung open and a man walked out that was the epitome of the old cliche 'tall, dark and handsome.' 

"Marta!" he said as he breezed over to us, moving with the grace of a dancer. "I'm so glad you could make it. My parties aren't the same since you stopped coming. So these are your new friends?"

"Carlos, this is Steve and Lindsey," Marta said. "They're down from New York on their yacht."

"Excellent! So nice to meet you Steve," he said, with a firm handshake, "And you Lindsey." He kissed Lindsey on both cheeks and looked her over appreciatively. "My goodness! I need to get north one of these days if the women all look like you! Please, come in and make yourselves at home. My home is your home this evening."

He ushered us through the big door, through a towering foyer with a huge curving staircase, and into a large living room with thirty foot high windows looking out at the sea. Between the sea and the house was a spectacular swimming pool, hemmed in on both sides by well manicured landscaping that looked like Tarzan's jungle.

"The bar is out by the pool," Carlos said, "and Marta knows her way around. I do hope you enjoy yourselves. I see some more guests arriving, so I'll catch up with you later." He took Lindsey's hand, kissed the back of it, his dark eyes burned into hers, and he turned and made his way back to the foyer, his perfectly tailored pants caressing his trim, muscular ass.

"Whoa!" Lindsey said, clearly aroused. "This could be interesting."

"He's a charmer, isn't he?" Marta said. "And a good lover too. After my first time here I spent weeks wishing he'd sweep me off my feet, but his women come from a different world."

"So we're down from New York on our yacht are we?" I said to Marta. "I guess it sounds better than down from a small rust-belt city in upstate New York on their old wooden boat." We all laughed.

We walked out to the pool area where most of the guests were and surveyed the scene. There was a nice mix of ages, though the men seemed older for the most part — wealthy men with younger 'trophy wives' I thought. There were a few naked bodies in the pool, but things seemed to be just getting started. Off to the side of the pool, opposite the bar, there was a huge padded platform, basically a giant bed with lot's of pillows on it, covered by a fringed canopy with curtains draped at the corners, looking like something from an Arabian Nights movie.

"Guess you're not the only one who likes giant beds," I said to Lindsey when she spotted it.

"Oh my!" she said, and she fanned her blushing face. "This really is a party."

We ordered drinks from the beautiful young bartender, I gave her a nice tip, and we walked to the little private beach to look at the water. Carlos had a massive dock with a big cigarette boat up on a hoist at the end of it, and after a walk out to check it out and look at the evening sky we made our way back to the pool, which was noisier and much more naked than before. There was a grey-haired man with his pants around his ankles and his shirt open laying on his back on the big canopy bed when we walked by. A very attractive fully dressed older woman was kissing him, and a rather stunning young woman in a bikini was giving him a blow-job.

"Join us?" the older woman asked, looking me square in the eye.

"I need another drink or two," Lindsey said to me. "You go ahead."

Marta stayed with Lindsey to keep her company, and I was pulled as if by a magnet to the woman, a beautiful smile breaking out on her face as I got closer.

"You're new here," she said.

"Yes, we're down on our boat from the great white north," I said.

"So nice to have a handsome young man in our midst. Would you do the honors?" She said, standing and turning so I could unzip her dress.

She was a tall, thin woman in her fifties, with shortish hair cut straight along the bottom. She had thin lips, but a seductive smile with perfect teeth, and flickering dark blue eyes that looked shy and seductive at the same time. Her summer dress showed off her beautiful shoulders, and for some reason she reminded me of a movie star from the thirties — a flapper girl, ready for a good time.

Since we had arrived darkness had fallen, and the grounds were beautifully lit with subtle hidden lights. Under the big canopy bed there were tiny red LED's casting a mysterious glow, and a huge ceiling fan spinning slowly. Latin music piped through hidden speakers had been turned up a bit louder, and the warm night air seemed to pulse with energy.

I unzipped the woman's dress, and while I stood behind her I slipped the straps off her pretty shoulders and she let it fall. She was bra-less and panty-less, wearing only a dark purple garter belt and sheer stockings. My hands slid up the sides of her thin torso onto her tits, and she turned her head and kissed me.

"My friends will be envious, being the first one with you," she said in her smoky voice.

The grey-haired man and the young bikini woman had stripped and she was riding him with his legs hanging off the side of the big bed. My woman turned to face me and unbuttoned my shirt. The tits I had just had in my hands were beautiful to look at, and she was shaved smooth down below. While I pulled off my shirt she unbuttoned and pulled down my jeans.

"Oh my!" she said. "I'm going to have to hide you or there'll be a line. Maybe I'll just hide you inside me for a while." She slurped my swelling cock into her sexy, wet mouth and with her hands on my ass she pulled me tight to her face. I grew bigger and bigger as she held me there, massaging me with her tongue, until she finally released me and my full length sprung out of her smiling mouth.

"Marvelous!" she said. "God, you're a real man aren't you!"

She took my hand and led me up onto the big bed, which must have been about twenty feet square.

"Let's go to the middle," she said as she crawled seductively. "It's more fun in there when things get going."

She sixty-nined me and delighted me with her response to my licking and tongue probing. She was like a live wire with high voltage leaking out anywhere you touched. Marvelous indeed. I don't know if it was her exhibitionist vocalizations that drew people, but the big bed slowly filled, and after a while we were in the center of wild orgy. The music had been turned up, there was dirty talk in english and spanish, and screams of pleasure and commands to do unspeakable things were floating on the thick night air, coming from all directions.

After what seemed like a dozen women taking a turn on my cock, I found my way back the thin woman with the beautiful shoulders and the purple garter belt, and I plunged into her doggie-style, much to her delight.

"What's our new friend's name?" a woman whose head was right next to her's asked her.

"What's your name lover?" she asked breathlessly, looking back at me with a sexy smile as I slapped into her.

"Steeeevvve!" I said as I pulled out and came on her ass with a deep grunt.

"Perfect," she said as she raised up on her knees and twirled around to embrace me. "All guys like you should be named Steve." Her eyes twinkled and she kissed me hard.

"I hate to leave the eye of such a wonderful storm, but I need some water," I said after our warm embrace.

"Come back to us Steve," she said as I crawled through the writhing bodies and walked away from the soft red glow of the big canopy.

Almost everyone was naked at that point, so I walked over to the bar for a glass of ice water to replenish some fluids. The beautiful young bartender, who was now topless, was doing a brisk business and her tip jar was overflowing. Where all these naked people carried their money was a mystery. 

I was sitting near the end of the bar admiring her when Lindsey came towards me at a fast clip, wearing a man's bathrobe. She didn't look happy.

"Steve, Marta needs you," she said.

"Where is she?"

"I'll take you to her," Lindsey said. "Her ex-boyfriend showed up and I think he got himself shot by Carlos's men. She's pretty shaken up. She's asking for you."

"What the fuck! Are you all right?" I asked.

"Yeah I'm OK. Just nervous — my heart's racing," she said, nerves making her voice quiver. "I didn't see what happened. Marta and I were with Carlos, getting into it pretty good, and I heard Marta say something and Carlos yelled toward the door. I heard some men yelling and then I heard some gun shots. I guess he freaked out when he saw Marta with Carlos and he pulled a gun. Carlos has security people all around here, and I think they shot the guy." 

I looked around and saw some very serious looking clothed young men scanning the crowd. I grabbed my pants and we walked through the living room and down a hall to a wing of the house with a big family room kind of space with a home theater on one side. A porn movie was showing silently on a huge screen and music was playing. Lindsey walked me over to Marta. She was clearly shaken, sitting alone on a huge couch, and she embraced me and Lindsey with tears in her eyes.

"You two are the only sane people I've met in the last five years," Marta said with a quivering voice.

We comforted her and she calmed a bit, and then Carlos came in wearing a robe.

"That was very unfortunate," he said calmly. "Are you all right Marta?"

"Yes, I think so," she said, wiping one last tear from her eye.

"Lindsey, are you all right?" he asked.

"Yes," she said, still sounding nervous.

"Were you and Juan still together?" he asked Marta.

"No, we were finished," she said sadly.

"I hope you folks don't go, but I understand if you do," Carlos said. "New friends are a wonderful gift, and I hope this incident doesn't keep you away in the future. I would ask that you good people don't mention this to anybody — it's all been handled internally. Thank you so much for the pleasure of your company," he said, taking Lindsey's hand and kissing it. "Marta, get a hold of me if you need anything, all right?"

He turned and left and we didn't see him again. We collected our clothes and left, walking through a large group of serious looking henchmen in the driveway.

"So I'm guessing we were just at the home of a mob boss," I said as I drove Marta's old Chevy through the gate and out onto the main road.

"Not the boss, but high up," Marta said. "I'm so sorry you guys. I should have told you. I thought it would be fun."

"What do you think happened to Juan?" Lindsey asked.

"I'm sure they killed him," Marta said quietly as she looked out the side window at the passing darkness. "You don't pull a gun on Carlos and get away with it. Juan's been a trouble maker all along — I'm surprised he made it this far."

"Did you love him?" Lindsey asked.

"Yes, but I'm over that," Marta said. "I feel bad for his family though."

*****

Marta spent the night with us on the boat that night, a quiet night of restful sleep, sharing each others warmth. We could tell she was deeply disturbed by what had happened, and we encouraged her to stay with us, which she did, making the easy walk to and from work. Each day her mood improved, but the close-knit surroundings of Key West seemed to be holding her back from true happiness. Lindsey was making plans to go back home, and I knew what I wanted to do.

"Lindsey will be gone in a few days Marta, and I'll be leaving too," I said to her. "I want you to come with me — give up your job and break free. Come with me."

I had hoped she would smile, but instead she burst into tears and almost tackled me with her lunging embrace.

"YES! YES!" she said, a smile finally breaking across her lovely face. 

I kissed her and we went out on deck where Lindsey was sunbathing to tell her.

"I was hoping it would work out this way," Lindsey said to Marta. "You'll love upstate New York in the summertime. Just don't forget you need to share him when you get there."

They smiled and embraced and Marta seemed to instantly shed the last vestiges of her deep rooted sadness.

*****

A few days later we drove Lindsey to the airport in the old Chevy and she flew back to New York. Marta sold her car to a friend who needed it, and she said her goodbyes at the restaurant and around town. What little family she had was in Miami, and she wasn't close to them, so breaking free was relatively easy for her. She brought her few possessions aboard, we said goodbye to George and Flora on a beautiful South Florida morning, and we slipped our lines and headed out onto the crystal blue sea.