 My freshmen college roommate, Lissy, had an absolutely gorgeous ass. It was possibly the best ass on campus, easily in the top ten. She was a slight blond, with curly shoulder length hair, and small perky tits. She had a good body, with tight abs, and a sweet face, and what an ass. She could have had any guy on campus that she wanted, but didn't have a boyfriend. After several weeks there was still no apparent action or even any inclination toward the guys on campus.

I decided that she was a lesbian; which was great for me. I liked little better then getting filled by a hard cock, but I never turned down an opportunity to eat pussy. I like I said, she had an ass that was worth the time to get uncovered. 

Playing on my hunch, I started to ware skimpy bras and panties as I walked around our room after my shower. But she didn't bite at all. It was disappointing to me to see such a cute women not being satisfied by anyone. Although I had to admit that I was not with her all the time only in the room and that I also, was not dating anyone at the moment, though I did find ways to get myself off when I needed it.

It was late October when things changed. The Chi Upsilon Mu fraternity gave a notable Halloween party every year, and this year's turned out to be wilder than usual. As the saying goes the  brothers rock out with their cocks out, if you know what I mean. Although I have to confess that they didn't stay out of everything thing; I was filled to the brim.

I made it back to the dorm room late that evening after the festivities had wound down. I was completely exhausted and stumbled into the room after fumbling with the lock for several long moments. I wanted nothing more then to fall into bed and go to sleep. The only problem was that my bed was the top bunk. It occurred to me then that taking the top bunk was probably not the best idea; however it was far too late to revisit that decision.

I pulled my T-shirt up over my head and discarded it on the floor. My skirt quickly followed, and I found that I was already naked. I could have sworn that I had panties on when I left for the part. But after the events of the party I guess I could not be too surprised if they ended up missing. Which is too bad, it had been wearing a pair that I had particularly liked; a lacy red thong.

Sleep was already starting to take me as I stood there, and the room was cold. I started to climb up into my bunk, and stumbled backward, it was obvious that was not going to happen. I wasn't going to sleep on the floor, so there was really only one choice left. I was going to have to sleep with Lissy. She was sound asleep and snoring softly. I noticed how cute she looked while sleeping. But then she looked pretty damn cute most of the time.

I pulled back the covers and slid into bed beside Lissy. She was curled up on her side, her back to me. I noticed her delicious ass under the thin shorts she wore. I squeezed on to the mattress; these twin beds that the school provided were not very conducive to sharing. I slid my arm around Lissy to avoid falling off the bed, and before I knew it I was fast asleep.

Overnight I dreamt that Lissy made love to me. I imagined what it would be like to have her sucking on my tender nipples. Then moving slowly down my body until she was at my pussy; licking it until I came on her tongue. And then I would return the favor, devouring her tender snatch, licking every fold and sucking gently on her clit until she cried out in pleasure, allowing me to taste her sweet nectar.

Slowly sleep faded. I opened my eyes and tried to adjust to the light in the room. The sun was streaming in through the window, which only made my head hurt worst. I still needed to sleep. But I was also feeling very horny. My pussy was on fire, but not in the way that I'm used to; when I need to be fucked so very badly. This was more pleasurable. Actually this felt just like someone was licking my pussy. 

I looked down to find Lissy between my legs, lapping eagerly at my tender flesh. I was shocked beyond words. I could not believe that my mousy, bookworm roommate was chowing down on my soaking pussy. But I sure wasn't going to stop her. I'm not sure if this was her first pussy, I assume not. Either way, she sure seemed to know what she was doing.

"God that feels good Lissy," I moaned, placing my hand on her head so that she would not stop.

Lissy raised her head slightly. "Hmm Good morning," She murmured, "I'm glad you are enjoying it, because I sure am. This always helped with my hangovers."

Her tongue went right back to my clit, pressing firmly against it before she swirled it down over my opening. My hands cupped my firm tits pulling at my taut nipples as I moaned softly with pleasure. One of the most incredible feelings in the world, I think, is to wake up to your pussy being licked. This was the second time that I'd had the pleasure. I certainly hope it won't be the last.

Lissy drove her tongue deep into my entrance, lapping at the inside of my pussy on her way out. And then up to my clit. Her lips encircled the hard nub and she sucked it gently into her mouth; her tongue flicking across it. She repeated this several more times, before focusing completely on my clit with her tongue. She slid a finger into my burning center, thrusting it in and out of me as she continued to lap at my clit. 

After a couple minutes of this treatment she added a second finger and this was now more then I could take as she continued to lick at my clit. Her talented tongue brought me right to the brink while her fingers rammed into my sopping cunt.

"Fuck, Lissy. Oh Fuck Yes!" I cried. "Don't fucking stop, I'm so fucking close. Make me fucking cum. Oh fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck yes. Oh God Yes. 

My hips thrust into Lissy's face as my wave of pleasure washed over me. My fingers clenched the sheet below me as I tried to stabilize myself during the heavenly climax. I slumped onto the bed exhausted by the force of my finish.

"Oh God, Lissy that was so fucking good," I gasped. "If I had any idea that you could eat pussy like that I would have had my panties off the moment we met."

Lissy gave me coy smile from between my legs. "Well I don't think I want to start dating you, but now that I know how good your pussy tastes I may have to give it a lick now and again."

"Oh, don't worry I like guys way too much to ever get to serious with a chick. All I'm saying is that we shouldn't be strangers if we can't get any action elsewhere. After all a women needs to be satisfied. Now I believe that I need to return the favor. That was far too good an orgasm to go unreciprocated."

Lissy stood up. My eyes roamed over her small frame. I could see her nipples pushing at the thin fabric of her T-shirt. She grabbed lifted the shirt over her head, casting it to the floor. Her pert breasts stood off her chest, each topped with a perfectly proportioned nipple as hard as an eraser. I noticed that her shorts had disappeared somewhere overnight, and now she was only wearing a cute pair of cotton panties. The center of her panties was already saturated by her excitement.

She pushed her panties down to mid thigh and then shimmed her hips causing her panties to fall to the floor. Stepping out of her panties she climbed on to the bed completely naked. Her pussy was unshaven, its thick hair already slick with her juices.

I reached out for her, my hands sliding over her smooth body. Lissy straddled me and started to slowly walk forward on her knees. She was already too close to allow me to give her a kiss. How I wanted to taste my pussy on her lips. This thought was short lived however as I found myself eye to nipple with her lovely tits. I took hold of one in each hand and kneaded them gently as I put my mouth over one nipple and then the other sucking vigorously on them. This caused Lissy's forward progress to stop briefly allowing me time to suck on both of her wonderfully erect nipples.

Lissy started to move forward once more, forcing me to lie down on my back. Her hands were traveling over my body as well. She took my tits in her hands and started to pull at my nipples. I moaned softly in response. 

I could already smell the delectable scent of her sex as she inched toward me. I took her ass cheeks in my hands, massaging the soft flesh, and trying to hurry her pussy to my mouth. Leaving one hand to continue to knead her ass, I moved the other to her opening, already soaked with her juices. It felt so unbelievably wet, but I'm sure that this feeling was enhanced by the mat of hair that still shrouded her beauty from me. My fingers slid through to her slick folds. This had the desired effect as she quickly moved her hips forward the last precious inches so that her pussy was now directly above my face. 

I spread her delicate flower open with my fingers. Her juices clung thickly to the sides of her entrance. The bright pink of her interior looked so enticing, and the aroma that wafted down to me was intoxicating. No longer able to resist I pushed my tongue flat against her entrance and moved it up along her slick folds to the top of her pussy. Lissy gave a low primal moan and pushed her cunt into my mouth. I responded by pushing my tongue up inside her, where I could fully taste her flavor. Her musky essence got me so aroused that I think I had a small orgasm right then.

My other hand continued to knead Lissy's lovely ass as I eagerly lapped at her steaming cunt. I kissed and sucked at her folds, drinking the juices that coated them, before inserting my tongue back into Lissy's delicious pussy. 

I felt her hand slid over my belly in search of my saturated pussy. Her fingers skimmed over my clit and pushed into the center of my soaking cunt. Her back arched as she tried to extend her fingers deeper inside me; simultaneously pushing her own pussy firmly onto my mouth. 

I moaned into her furry snatch as I continued to lap at her entrance. I made sure that every draw of my tongue over her tender folds culminated with it flicking over Lissy's rigid clit. We continued like this for several minutes; Lissy pushing two fingers deep into my pussy while rubbing my clit with the heel of her palm, while I licked her cunt and sucked on her clit.

Lissy's breathing started to become ragged, her hips bucking slightly. I moved all my attention to her clit determined to make her cum in my mouth. This caused her to gasp with every pass my tongue made over her pleasure nub.

"Oh yes," she cried. "Yes, yes, yes. Oh fuck yes. Yes. Yes. Yes!" 

Lissy collapsed on top of me as her body convulsed with pleasure. I craned my neck to get one last solid lick of her cum filled pussy. I wanted to taste that sweet treasure that I had worked her so hard to get. She tasted as wonderful as I had anticipated, sweet and tangy. The flavor of Lissy's cum sent me over the edge one more time. My hips bucked up into her back as she laid on top of me, my own pussy flooding with cum.

"Oh my god, why have we never done this before," I gasped as I recovered from my second orgasm of the day. "We are never sleeping in separate beds again." I saw a shadow pass quickly over Lissy's face that seemed to imply some uncertainty of my exuberant declaration.

"Well maybe not never," I quickly amended. "But I need to lick your pussy again."

Lissy rolled off me and out of the bed. "And I want to lick you more often too. But I don't think we should let good sex get confused with where we sleep." With that she walked into the bathroom and I soon heard the water running in the shower.

What an amazing turn of events, I thought to myself. I'd been trying to get into my roommates pants for several months now, and all it took was getting shit-faced and climbing into her bed naked. I guess my earlier displays had attracted more attention from her then I had realized. 

