 Kristin, Amy, and Julie, three best friends and hall mates, sat in Kristin and Amy’s room on a bed and brushed each others’ hair. As they sat, they chatted about school and their friends. Kristin was talking about her boyfriend, Justin, telling the other girls about their experiences in their two years of dating. “He’s so sweet – he always takes care of me and does amazing things – for my birthday he made us a picnic and took me out to share it, just the two of us, it was the sweetest thing anyone’s ever done for me!”

The other girls agreed that he was a great guy, and as they were switching their line around, so Kristin sat in front, with Julie behind her and Amy in the rear, Amy asked, “So what’s he like in bed?” 

Kristin pretended to protest at first, but when the other girls insisted she confided, “Oh, he’s just amazing! He always makes sure I get off, and his lips! He could get me to do anything with a few kisses.”

The girls giggled, and Kristin continued, “Mmmm, and he has the biggest cock – just feeling it is enough to make me soaking wet, and he knows how to use all 9 inches of it! Ohh, the things he can do to me with his lips, and his cock…girls, it’s absolutely amazing.”

Julie scooted forward, closer to Kristin’s body, her legs around Kristin’s, moving her pussy, covered only by a sexy white thong that contrasted with her tan legs, against the bed as Kristin’s description began to turn her on. She stroked Kristin’s long, honey-blonde hair with her brush one last time and patted Amy’s leg. Amy, a short brunette with frisky green eyes, moved in closer behind Julie, and Julie slid her hands over Kristen’s baby tee, rubbing her friend’s breasts through the thin cotton. “You know,” Julie said, “boys are great, but there are certain things only a woman can show you.”

Kristin had been getting hot thinking about Justin and his skills as a lover, and she let out a small moan as Julie’s hands cupped her tits. Under her red lacy thong, her pussy was getting wetter and wetter as Julie explored, finally letting her hands stray under the tight tee to caress Kristin’s soft, pale flesh. Amy began to trace patterns along Julie’s tan thighs, pulling her closer and sliding her soft pink tongue into Julie’s ear.

“What do you say Amy and I show you a few of the things women can do, Kristin?” Julie asked, whispering huskily in Kristin’s ear. “Your gorgeous tits are driving me crazy, and I can see the wet spot on your panties and on the bed – you know you want us to.”

Kristin nodded, closing her hazel eyes as Julie pulled her and Amy in for a kiss. They each kissed, tentatively, until Kristin reached for the other girls’ faces and pulled them to hers, meeting their lips in a tongue-twining, passionate three-way kiss.


Amy slid her hands under the other girls’ shirts, pulling them closer to her, and momentarily broke the kiss with Julie to pull Julie’s navy tank top over her head, revealing Julie’s tanned stomach and breasts. Julie took Kristin’s hand and led it to her breast, inviting her to caress her smooth skin. Amy attacked her other breast with her lips, sucking Julie’s pink nipple into a hard peak.

Kristin followed Amy’s lead, taking Julie’s other nipple into her mouth, flicking it with her tongue and smiling as Julie moaned at the double stimulation. Kristin, realizing how much Julie enjoyed her actions, began to draw circles around her whole breast with her tongue, rubbing across Julie’s now rock-hard nipple.

Julie pushed the two girls away and moaned, “Ohhh, you two…I want to show Kristin what it feels like now!”

She slid her hands over Kristin’s flat, warm stomach, pulling her tiny tee-shirt off, smiled at the fact that Kristin wasn’t wearing a bra, and attaching her lips to one of Kristin’s firm B-cup tits. Kristin moaned as her friend touched her in all the ways that drove her crazy, “Ohh, this feels amazing, Jules!”

Julia paused to grin up at her and as her lips returned, Amy began to suckle Kristin’s other breast, making Kristin buck her hips up off the bed at the tingling sensations. Her moans became louder as her friends teased her breasts and tortured her nipples into rosy points.

Outside the building, three men walked along the path, talking. Justin, Eric, and Dave, three best friends, were discussing where to take their girlfriends out that evening. They argued amicably as they entered the dorm building and began to climb the stairs to find the girls. Dave said, “We should see that new movie that just came out!”

Justin countered, “No, I really want to take Kristin out to eat in town.” He came to the door of the girls’ room, knocked lightly, and opened it, then stopped in his tracks, the other men behind him. He could hardly believe his eyes as he surveyed the scene in front of him – his girlfriend, laying on her back, with Julie and Amy sucking her tits. Their moans filled his ears as his friends tried to push around him into the room.

He moved in, mouth open wide, and Dave saw the girls, exclaiming, “Oh my god!”

Amy, Kristin, and Julie looked up, startled, as the three men stared at their partially naked bodies. Kristin’s eyes filled with tears and she pleaded, “Oh, Justin, I’m sorry, they just wanted to show me how good women can be!”

He moved a few more paces toward the girls, growling, “Don’t be sorry, kitten, this is one of the hottest fucking things I’ve ever seen!”

Amy and Julie looked at their boyfriends and saw the same look – like their birthdays had just come early – in their eyes, and they smiled in relief. Kristin breathed in softly and murmured sexily, “Why don’t you three studs come over here and join us, if you like it so much, then?”

As the men look at each other and decide to take her up on that offer, the three girls go back to each other. Kristin removed Julie’s white thong and dipped her finger into the wetness she found under it. Julie moaned and whispered to Kristin, “Taste me…just lick me like you like to be licked.”

Kristin immediately obliged, moving her face down and stretching out her delicate pink tongue to lap at her friend’s pussy juices. Justin, Eric, and Dave moaned loudly as they saw the two girls engaged like this. Amy began to stroke her own pussy while watching them, but her boyfriend, Dave, pulled her hand away and ordered, “I want to see you eat Kristin’s pussy.”

Amy smiled and moved behind Kristin, whose perfect round ass was up in the air as she went down on Julie, and slid off her soaked red g-string. Amy buried her face into Kristin’s cunt, eliciting a loud, long moan from her friend.

The men stood watching their girlfriends pleasure each other. Each had a hard-on that was steadily growing at this point. Justin felt like his cock was going to burst out of his jeans if he didn’t do something, so he slowly undid his pants and slipped out of them. Dave and Eric followed suit, and all removed their shirts too, so soon all three men were standing in nothing but boxers which barely hid their erections.

As they watched their girlfriends eating each other out and listened to the wet lapping noises, the boys began to sneak their hands inside their boxers, rubbing their cocks. Justin stroked his lightly and slowly, but as he watched his five friends enjoying themselves he needed more. Dave had removed his boxers and was pumping a thick 6 inch dick as he watched the girls. Eric slid his boxers down and began to caress his balls as stroked his cock, the same length as Dave’s but slightly thinner. Justin finally pulled off his boxers and the other men’s eyes widened as they saw him running his fist over a thick, 9 inch long prick.

Julie was watching the three men with interest as her cunt was being eaten by Kristin, and she moaned, “Oh, please, come closer, I want you to stroke your cocks for us.”

The men obliged, and when she saw their strokes becoming faster and faster, Julie cried, “Stop!”

Justin, Eric, and Dave growled but did as she said, removing their hands from their cocks. Amy, Kristin, and Julie pulled away from each other and embraced, twining their tongues together in a passionate kiss. Dave moaned, unable to watch anymore, and moved toward them. He ordered them, “Suck my cock, I want to watch you suck me.”

The three girls were glad to oblige. Amy took his swollen shaft in her hands and began to stroke it as Kristin and Julie knelt beneath his legs and each took one of his balls in her mouth. Amy lowered her head onto his cock, bobbing up and down as her friends licked and sucked her boyfriend’s balls. Kristin and Julie began to trace their fingers lightly over the extremely sensitive area behind his balls as Amy ran her tongue over the head and underside of his cock.

Dave’s entire body tensed as the three women licked and sucked his most sensitive spots. He pushed Amy’s head down as he moaned, “I’m gonna cum, here it comes!”

Amy sucked even harder, taking her boyfriend’s streams and streams of cum into the back of her throat. When his jerking hips became less erratic, she pulled her mouth away and opened her lips, letting Dave and all the others see his cum filling her mouth. She let some of it drip out onto her tits, and Kristin immediately licked it off as Amy swallowed the rest of Dave’s cum.

Dave’s breath was still quick as the girls pulled away from him, and as soon as they straightened up, another cock was in front of them. Eric’s shaft was rock hard with veins bulging, and he begged them to get him off. “I want you to finger each others’ pussies and use your juices to jerk me off,” he instructed them.

They fingered each others’ pussies, moaning, and Julie offered the scent of Kristin’s pussy up to Eric, making him moan. Each girl wrapped her soaked hand around his cock and began to stroke, one after the other, hand over hand, so they formed one continuous stroking motion over his hard flesh. He began to buck his hips toward their hands as their slick fingers continued pumping him. Julie could tell he was close to cumming just from their fingers, and she murmured sexily to her boyfriend, “That’s it, sexy, I want you to cum all over our tits, spray us with your load.”

Her sexy words make Eric lose control. Jets of thick, white cum erupt from his cock and land on the women’s taut breasts. He groaned as he watched their creamy skin get covered by his cum. He took his cock from their hands and rubbed it’s slightly softened length along their chests, smoothing his cum into their gorgeous skin.

Justin nearly fell over Eric in his haste to push his friend out of the way. After watching his two friends cum his cock was dripping pre-cum and throbbing, standing out over nine inches from his torso. Julie’s and Amy’s eyes widened at the sight of such a huge dick, and Kristin licked her lips. She bent over Justin’s cock, taking him deep into her throat for a mere second and then pulling away. Taking the hint, Amy followed suit, giving him one long suck, and Julie’s lips followed. They alternated several times and when Justin began to pant more and more, they all removed their lips and began to passionately kiss each other right above him, twining their three tongues around his throbbing cock and tripling the stimulation on his sensitive underside.

The sensation and the sight of three gorgeous girls kissing and sucking his cock was too much for Justin, and he moaned, “Oh, yessss, girls…” as he began to cum all over their still-intertwined tongues, his cream filling up their mouths as it continued to spurt and spurt from his spasming cock.

When Justin finally stopped cumming, the girls licked their lips and smiled as they swallowed his cum. Amy stood up and ran her hands down her body, cupping her bare breasts as she moaned, “I need to be fucked, now! I want to feel a nice hard cock in my pussy.”

Eric, fully recovered from his earlier orgasm, grabbed Amy’s hand and pulled her to him. “I’d be happy to fulfill that wish, gorgeous.”

Justin followed them to one of the beds, still rock hard despite just having cum all over the three girls. Amy begged, “Please, Eric, give it to me,” running her fingers over her soaked pussy.

Eric couldn’t resist her sexy pleas, and he laid her back on the bed and, without warning, drove his cock into her, making her scream in pleasure. He began to thrust in and out, and Justin’s hand wandered down to stroke his own cock as he watched his two friends. Amy winked at Justin and motioned with her finger for him to come over, saying between moans, “Come here, big boy…”

She ran her hands over her firm tits, pushing them close together as she moaned louder. Justin’s eyes widened when he realized what she wanted, and as he moved over she moaned, “I want to watch you fuck my tits.”

As he moved to straddle her stomach, Justin looked across the rectangular room to the other bed, and he felt his cock jump at the sight before him. Julie was lying on her back and Dave had his cock poised right at her entrance, ready to enter her forcefully, and Kristin, facing Dave, was lowering her pussy down to Julie’s hungrily awaiting mouth.

As Justin slid his throbbing prick between Amy’s gorgeous tits, he couldn’t tear his eyes away from the other group. He saw Dave slide his dick easily into Julie’s soaking wet pussy, and he heard Kristin’s moan of ecstasy as her cunt came in contact with Julie’s probing lips and tongue.

Justin was drawn away from his reverie by a tingling in the head of his cock. He reverted his attention to what he was doing and swallowed hard, trying to keep control as he watched his cock sliding in and out between Amy’s perfect tits and watched her tongue extending, teasing his tip. He struggled to keep control as he felt Amy’s body moving in rhythm with Eric’s thrusts. His eyes strayed back to the other side of the room, where Kristin was riding Julie’s lips, moaning as she neared the edge. Her perfect lips shaped into an “O” as she moaned made his cock throb and he growled, “Ohh, Amy, I’m gonna cum!” He thrust up to her pink tongue as she tightened her tits around him and he suddenly lost control, shooting his cum all over her smooth, tan chest.


As he exploded, Julie began moaning loudly from the other bed, begging, “Dave, that’s it, right there, make me cum!”

Her moans sent tingling vibrations into Kristin’s sensitive pussy, creating more sensation than she could handle, and she began to scream as her orgasm washed over her. Julie licked up all the juices from her pussy as Dave pounded into her, and Kristin leaned over to Dave and massaged his full balls, making his body tense as his orgasm began. Julie moaned loudly as his cock rubbed her clit, sending her over the edge as he emptied his cum into her.

Amy was bucking her hips up, in the midst of an amazing orgasm, triggered by the sight of Justin’s cum shooting all over her chest. The sight was such a turn on that her pussy tightened immediately, milking Eric’s cock as he thrust a final few times into her tight hole, filling her up with his cum.

As the girls lay back, eyes closed, breathing heavily, the men got up and moved around, each moving to a new woman. Justin ran his fingers over Julie’s taut stomach, and she felt her pussy become excited again. She smiled up at him, marveling at his still-hard erection, and spread her legs, inviting him to enter her. He winked and suddenly pulled her arms to her sides, turning her over onto her stomach forcefully. She groaned softly as he instructed her to get on her hands and knees. Seeing her in this position excited Justin, and he took hold of his long, thick rod and slid it into her cum-filled pussy from behind.

He began to fuck her, his balls slapping her ass with each thrust. Her moans escalated as she heard him groaning deep in his throat, and he ordered, “I want you to rub your clit while I fuck you, Julie.”

She moaned and obliged, rubbing herself into a near frenzy as he thrust in and out of her slick, tight pussy. The sight of his length disappearing into her cunt as he pounded her and the sound of his balls slapping her ass pushed Justin over the edge just as Julie reached her own orgasm, and together they came, moaning as her pussy milked his cock dry.

Dave approached Kristin, looking at her lithe, sexy body curled up on the bed above Julie and Justin, and offered her his hand, pulling her up from the pillow. He wrapped his arms around her slender waist, pressing his stiff rod into her, and murmured in her ear, “I want you to ride me, sexy.”

Kristin smiled and pushed him over to the girls’ futon, sitting him in the middle of it. Dave sat there, cock protruding proudly from his lap, as she straddled him, kissing his soft lips, and lowered herself down onto his pole. She settled her knees into the couch on either side of him and began to raise herself up, torturing him with her slow pace. His hands went to her hips, trying to force her down as he leaned forward and took her left nipple into his mouth. She resisted his force at first, but soon her desire overtook her and she began to bounce up and down on his shaft.

He cupped her ass with his hands, making her moan as he gently bit her nipples as her tits bounced tantalizingly in front of his face. She was riding him hard now, taking him inside of her to the hilt, and as his tongue swirled around her right nipple in a slow circle he felt her pussy contract as she moaned, loud and low, “Yesssss!” Her cry of delight set him off and he felt his balls spasm as he filled her with his cum, moaning her name as he exploded.

On the other bed, Eric and Amy were recovering from their earlier experiences. Amy could feel his cock hardening under her, and she quickly flipped him onto his back. Eric, surprised by her move, did nothing to stop her, and a large smile overtook his face as he realized what she had in mind. She moved to sit atop his chest and then stretched out, lowering her pussy to his lips as she began to swirl her tongue around his stiff cock.

Amy moaned as Eric immediately attacked her pussy with his lips. She teased him, still tonguing his tip as she ran her hands up and down his shaft. As he moaned into her pussy, the vibrations felt amazing and she gave in, taking his cock into her mouth, enveloping him in the warm, wet heat of her mouth. His hips bucked as he moaned again, his lips sending rings of tingles around her clit. Amy moaned loudly as Eric suddenly thrust two fingers into her pussy, fingering her as he licked a slow circular pattern around her clit.

Amy felt Eric’s fingers repeatedly brush over her most sensitive spot, and she gave a loud moan around his cock each time, giving him the hint that there was where she loved to be touched. She began to suck harder on his cock, rubbing her tongue over his sensitive underside as she felt herself near her orgasm. She reached down to her pussy, scooping up some of her freely flowing juices, and massaged his balls with her soaked hands. He moaned and began to thrust his hips up, driving his cock further into her mouth as she began to cum, shivering and screaming. Her juices flowing down onto his face and tongue made his cock expand in her mouth as his balls emptied in an amazing orgasm.

As they calmed down, Amy rolled off Justin and caught Julie’s eye. Julie, still panting from her own orgasm, beckoned to Amy, saying, “Let’s go take a shower, sexy.”

Amy nodded, excitement shining in her eyes, and the two girls ran off, hand in hand, to the shower, Julie caressing Amy’s ass on the way. 

Kristin, meanwhile, sat next to Dave on the sofa, in full view of all three spent men. Justin and Eric lay on the beds, seemingly tired, and Dave had his eyes closed next to Kristin. However, Kristin wasn’t nearly spent – thinking about some of the action they’d just finished, and she began to run her hands over her tits, moaning softly at the thoughts. Her moans attracted Justin and Eric, who began to stare at her intently as, with eyes closed, her hands wandered down her stomach to her wet pussy, and her fingers began to stroke her clit.
