 Disclaimer: This is true story (more or less) names have been changed for privacy's sake. 

*

Man, I love college. The three us of were walking back from a concert, myself, John, my then girlfriend, Cindy, and our friend who was in town for the weekend, Beth. We had just seen the University's accapella singing group perform a concert and we were headed back to Cindy's dorm room. I had a girl clinging to each arm, which I thought kind of odd, but it was December and very cold out so I shrugged it off as nothing.

You would probably like some background information on the three of us, so here you go. My name is John, I am 6'5" about 210 pounds. Cindy is about 5'7" and maybe 130 pounds, I would describe her as athletic. She has straight, shoulder length, brown hair, brown eyes, and glorious 36 D breasts. Cindy and I started dating in high school and ended up going to the same state school. Or friend Beth is a little taller and a little curvier, standing at about 5'8" and maybe 140 pounds. She has very curly, long brown hair, blue eyes, and I would guess 36 C breasts. Beth's breasts may not be as large as Cindy's, but she more than makes up for it in ass. The term "black girl ass" gets used around her a lot, and it definitely fits. Beth went to high school with Cindy and I. She and I had made out a couple of times before I dated Cindy, but it never went anywhere serious. She went off to a private school in another part of the state, so this was the first time we had seen her since college started. We were all 18 year old freshman finishing up our first semester.

So we got back to Cindy's dorm room and I find her roommates gone, and her and one of her roommate's mattresses laid out together on the floor. I gave the girls a look, wondering if I had been set up. "Beth is sleeping here tonight, and we wanted to be able to cuddle." Cindy explained innocently. I was dubious to say the least. "Let's all lay down and get more comfortable." She said. She and I sat down on one of the mattresses, I was leaning against a dresser behind me, and she was leaning against me. Beth sat down on the other mattress, leaning against Cindy's bed.

"So what should we do tonight?" Beth ask, equally as cheery as Cindy.

"I know! Truth or dare Beth?" Cindy beamed and gave me a wink. Clearly something was up, but I wasn't in on it yet.

"Um... truth." Beth said sheepishly, looking down at her feet.

"How far have you gone with a guy at college?" She asked, grinning.

Beth's face reddened, "I've given a couple blowjobs... but I'm still technically a virgin."

"A couple?" I asked, "How many dicks have you been sucking?" 

"I only have to answer one question at a time!" Beth stuck her tongue out at me and winked. "Ok, my turn. John, truth or dare?" Not ready to try and escalate things just yet, I took the coward's route and chose truth. "Ok, how far have you and Cindy gone?"

I looked down at Cindy for confirmation that I should answer, she blushed, but nodded. "We started having sex a couple months ago." I admitted. 

You could almost hear Beth's jaw hit the floor. "And I'm just hearing about this now? What the fuck guys?"

"You didn't ask." Cindy replied.

"Ok, ok, my turn." I looked down at Cindy, leaned up against my shoulder, "Truth or dare babe?"

"Truth." Still no one was willing to be daring.

"Alright, what's your kinkiest sexual fantasy?" I already knew the answer, and it seemed as though Beth might know as well.

Cindy glared at me for a second in silence before answering, "Well, I think it would be really hot to have a threesome with a girl." She smiled over at Beth, who was smiling back, "I don't think I'm bi or anything, but I'm in college and want to do something crazy." I could feel my dick hardening in my jeans and I wondered it either of them could see its outline.

Beth responded quickly, "I know what you mean, I don't think I'd want to like, date a girl or anything, but doing stuff with her might be fun. At least one time." Both girls locked eyes for a moment, then looked away, embarrassed.

"It's hot in here." Cindy proclaimed, "I have a dare for the room, if you guys are ok with that?" Beth and I nodded in agreement, I had a feeling I knew what she was going to say. "I dare us all to get a little more... comfortable." She gave a wicked grin, "Let's all strip down to our underwear. Beth and I our bras and panties, and John his boxers." It was a bold move, but I wasn't going to argue.

Beth gave an uncertain look. Not wanting to lose the moment I jumped it, "It's not really any different than if we were in swimming suits." This seemed to reassure her and she began pulling her shirt over her head. Cindy unbuttoned her shirt and slid it off, and now I was staring at two girls in their bras. Cindy's was plain black, lifting her large breasts, I tried not to drool. Beth's however was more scandalous. I had never seen a cup less bra before, but now I had. Beth's nice C tits were lifted, but not covered by her bright pink underwear, giving us a nice view of her small, very hard, pink nipples.

"Holy shit." Cindy said, staring. Beth blushed, but didn't cover herself. The girls stood and took off their pants. Cindy was wearing lacy, black boy shorts that matched her bra. Again, Beth was less dressed, wearing a pink thong that completely disappeared in her big, sexy ass. I thought Cindy was going to start drooling.

"Hey, no fair!" Beth said to me, as I was still fully clothed.

"Come on, take 'em off." Cindy commanded.

"Would you ladies like to help me?" I knew it was pushing the envelope, but the reward seemed worth the risk.

Beth smiled, "If Cindy doesn't mind?" Cindy responded by tearing my shirt off over my head. Beth crawled over next to Cindy, and I stood so they could remove my pants. Cindy worked on my belt while Beth my zipper and they began slowly sliding my jeans down my legs. As they pulled, both their faces were eye level with the outline of my now very hard cock pressed against my boxers. Now, I don't consider myself particularly attractive. I'm not fat, but I don't have a six pack or anything, my face is pretty average, and I'm not overly muscular, but what I do have is a large penis. Don't believe me if you want, but it's 8 1/2" long and about 2 or 2 1/2" wide. So if you take anything away from this story, date a tall guy.

"Holy shit." This time it was Beth's turn to say. Cindy just smiled, as if proud of what was hers.

"Truth or dare?" I said, not to either one of them particularly.

"Dare." Beth said, still staring at my cock.

I wasn't sure how far I could push this, so I said, "I dare you to make out with one of us. Your choice." I smiled, thinking how clever I was. Either way I couldn't lose here.

Beth looked to Cindy for confirmation, and Cindy made a gesture saying she wanted her to kiss me. Whether Cindy wanted to watch us, or wasn't ready to make out with a girl, I'm not sure. But it worked out well for me.

Beth stood, still considerably shorter than me. I leaned my head down and kissed her, wrapping my arm around her back to hold her closer. One of her hands went to my chest and the other the back of my head. Beth was what you might call an aggressive kisser. He tongue was in my mouth in seconds, which I was more than alright with. I felt her exposed nipples pressed against me, making me even harder, if that was possible.

After maybe thirty seconds, I felt someone pulling my boxers down. I looked past Beth, still kissing her, so see Cindy had stripped naked, and pulled off Beth's thong as well. When my boxers slid free of my hard on, it snapped back up, hitting Beth in the stomach. "Oh my!" She exclaimed. She looked at Cindy, who nodded in approval, then grasped my cock and started slowly stroking. I was in heaven, or I thought I was until Cindy leaned in and started licking the tip. Now that was true heaven. I reached behind Beth's back and quickly undid her bra so that we were all nude.

Cindy began sucking my dick in earnest while I continued to kiss Beth and started to massage her breasts. Beth broke the kiss, gave me a wink, then sank to her knees next to Cindy. I looked down to see two gorgeous girls licking my cock, alternating sucking the shaft and the balls. This was one of the greatest sensations of my life, and I could barely stand from the pleasure. 

The girls' sucking quickly turned to them making out around my cock head. This morphed into them making out while stroking me. I closed my eyes in pleasure, but opened them again when the hands left my shaft. I was disappointed until I looked down. The girls had positioned themselves in a 69, Cindy on top. I slowly stroked my dick, watching and listening to the moaning, when Cindy made a beckoning gesture with her hand. I dropped to my knees, unsure of what she wanted, "Fuck me." She called out quickly before going back to sucking on Beth's clit.

"Fuck yes, doooo it." Beth moaned from beneath Cindy. I positioned myself behind my girlfriend, and slid into her. Beth was enthusiastically licking both of us now. I started slow, but quickly increased speed, by balls hitting Beth's face with each thrust. 

"Yes, yes yes." Cindy cried each time I bottomed out inside her. Between me fucking her and Beth licking her clit, she was not going to last long, "Oh fuck!" I felt her pussy clamp down on me as I thrust all the way in. I held myself inside her, letting the pleasure wash over her. Once she calmed down I slowly started again. Cindy dove her head back into Beth's pussy with renewed vigor.

I could feel myself getting close, "I'm gonna come baby." I said, sort of just to the room.

"Come in her mouth." Cindy's ragged voice said. Beth gave a muffled moan which to this day I'm not sure was a yes or a no. However half a dozen hard thrusts later I pulled out and stuffed my cock into her mouth. She started to come, moaning while greedily sucking as I shot spurt after spurt down her throat. Cindy kept licking her, and she rode her orgasm while she sucked every drop she could out of me. A little leaked out and ran down her chin. Cindy got off of her, turned around and licked up the little dribble of come. This turned into the two making out, tasting me and each other I'm sure.

My dick didn't even get a chance to soften with this sight in front of me. Cindy broke off the kiss and said, "Let's go take a shower." The shower stalls in the dorm were more than large enough for multiple people, but there was the chance of someone catching us.

"Oh my God, that's hot." Beth said. I later learned she has a bit of a fetish for the chance of getting caught, but that's for another story. We got up and peaked out the door. It was after midnight and the hall seemed empty, so we ran naked to the shower room.

Cindy got the water nice and hot while Beth stood next to me, slowly stroking my cock as I fondled her breasts. We all got under the spray and the girls started kissing again, while both rubbed my cock. Cindy worked her way over to sucking Beth's ear, something I remembered from our high school make out sessions she loved. Beth squeezed my cock extra tight and it seemed as though Cindy was whispering in her ear. Being a giant, their heads were about even with my chest, and I couldn't hear what my girlfriend was saying over the sound of the shower head.

Beth nodded in agreement and both girls dropped to their knees. The began sucking my cock, but not in the arousing, teasing way that had in Cindy's room. This time they had a purpose, they were going to make me come. Cindy was not a bad cock sucker, or so I thought until I felt Beth when she really wanted to get me off. She bobbed her head, swirled her tongue and worked with her hands so fast I couldn't keep up with everything she was doing. I wondered just how many guy's she'd been blowing this semester. Even having already come, I only lasted maybe five minutes of this. Cindy saw I was getting close, and started stroking me as fast as she could. "Are you going to come for us?" She teasingly asked.

"Fuck yes." Was all I could muster.

"Mmmm, come all over us." Beth cooed. 

"Yeah, we want you to come on our faces!" Cindy gave me an evil grin. She knew it was every guy's fantasy to have the porno ending to a blowjob, but no real girl is down for that sort of thing. I'm not sure if it was the heat of the moment, or the fact that they were already in the shower, but these girls wanted me to do it, and I certainly wasn't going to disappoint. A few more strokes and I let out a groan as I shot what felt like the largest load of my life on their faces. They pressed their heads together, mouths open, catching much of it in their mouths, moaning their approval the whole time. However one rope covered Cindy's nose, and another Beth's cheek. They started kissing and sharing it while Cindy stroked my softening cock. The last few dribbles fell onto their breasts.

To this day I wish I had a camera for that moment. The girls licked up my come, then washed themselves off. We all scrambled back to Cindy's room and I feel asleep with a girl curled up under each arm. Man, I love college.