 Ted and I were college buddies, both going through the same exams, professors and (you guessed it) girls. He was always an ass man; getting his kicks from 'bumping' up behind chicks anywhere he could find them, malls, on elevators, in the subway.

My thing is getting head. Anywhere anytime is fine as long as the girl doesn't mind. Ted and I knew of each other's sexual preferences and became a tag team almost by accident having shared the same dorm.

This is a true story about one time when my wife and I, paid Ted a visit when he went back to college to finish his degree.

Tracy, my wife, is a tall and healthy brunette with big green eyes that always seemed to be sparkling. She had a habit of wearing loose fitting oversize jerseys and faded, stitched Levi jeans. Her pants were always tight fitting even if we could see only from mid-thigh down. She would aIways be flirting with some guy when I was around. This did not surprise me because I just got her stripping and hooking for me. She would try to see how far the guys would go with her. Some were lucky and some were embarrassed.

I told Tracy that we were going to surprise Ted on campus, and that you never know what surprises we might come across.

Soon after we arrived, we started talking about the entertainment available around the campus. Things like bars and clubs. Ted mentioned a place in which they had mud-wrestling women not to far from campus. 

Somehow, we started talking with Tracy about wrestling in one of the local pubs. She seemed excited about mud wrestling (while nude of course). We told Tracy we could show her some of the finer points of the sport and we proceeded to go to our dorm for a demo. The beers must have loosened her up pretty good because she started stripping down as soon as we entered our room. Ted was certainly surprised if not shocked. He didn't know about Tracy and our arrangement. As I removed my clothing, I gave Ted the thumbs up. He lost his in a flash after that. 

Ted almost instantly had a hard on once he had a look at Tracy's fine ass. Also, he could not keep his eyes off her huge tits either. 

He pocked me in the ribs saying, "You know that I am an ass man, but those tits are certainly convincing me to change." 

We proceeded to show Tracy some of the winning holds of wrestling. She was lying on her side with Ted positioned between her legs, facing her back, while he was also on his side. Tracy was resting her head on the inside of my left thigh as I lay on my side as well. I had my legs around her neck and back and Ted held her from below. 

"We win", I said. "Now its time to collect the prize".

She had no choice but to surrender herself to us. She was lodged between our bodies. I stroked her lips and cheeks with the head of my hard dick trying to coax her into opening wide. She kept turning her head from side to side and saying 'no' with her mouth tightly sealed shut. I didn't need to hurt or threaten her to get what I wanted...I don't work like that. Teddy would take care of that.

While we held her down, I passed Ted some lube. I knew that he was dying to fuck her ass. He had lubed his cock with K-Y and applied some up her ass with his fingers. They made a plopping sound when he pulled his fingers out of her. 

"I think you need a little more lube up there Ted. Honey brace yourself for one hell of an ass fucking", I said.

So he placed a large gob of jelly on the head of his rubbered dick and placed it at the entrance to her lubed asshole. With a hard shove he wedged his cock head into her butt. 

"aaahhhggguummllpmmnn", was the sound she made as Ted invaded her anus and I rammed my cock into her opened mouth. 

She didn't need coaxing to start sucking on it once she had it wedged into her mouth. She was giving cock head a good polishing with her tongue and slurping up her drool as she labored on my cock. 

Mean while, Ted slowly pushed in another inch causing Tracy to moan and give my dick a good vibration. Another four inches and Ted was finally buried in to the hilt. 

"Ohhh fuck!, you've got a tight butt and it's squeezing my cock damn hard!" shouted Ted.

Tracy did have a nice firm ass, probably from all the jogging she did. 

Ted started fucking her ass once she loosened up a little. She was teasing him by giving his cock a good squeeze with her asshole every time he withdrew from its depths. 

When Ted would plunge his cock into her ass, she would continuously moan around my cock, squeezing my nut sack and holding tight on my thighs and ass. 

Ted was really ramming it to her beautiful bouncing ass causing her to buck wildly as I held her head to my crotch. 

"Oh shit, I'm going to cum", Ted blurted. 

He pulled out of her ass and placed his cock at her pussy's entrance. He removed the rubber, sloshed the head around her dripping cunt lips then rammed it in, in one thrust. He was fucking her like a madman now. He blasted his wad into her cunt as she bucked her orgasm against his thrusts. 

After watching their orgasms take control of their bodies, I let mine rip Loose. My cock twitched out of control against her begging tongue as my balls gave up their tribute to her lips.

Gummy ropes of my fuck sauce clung to the roof of her mouth and across her face and tongue forming a glistening web-like structure. Tracy was trying furiously to break my newly created masterpiece with her, by now, tired tongue. She wasn't succeeding to well. Ted held her arms to her back so her fingertips were touching the bottom of her firm and tight round ass. Ted had just finished depositing a quart of sperm up her pussy and was now helping me finish up at Tracy's front end. 

While we were resting for a moment, I noticed some movement in the corner by the door to our room. Peeking around the corner was Ted's dorm neighbor CIive. The big grin on his face was telling me he saw a lot of the action that just took place. 

Tracy and Ted were still huffing from the fucking and didn't notice me motioning to Clive to strip and join us for a gangbang with Tracy. 

I pulled my wet pecker from her face and was quickly replaced by Clive. He slid his stiff meat between her lips just as she started to open her eyes. Boy, was she shocked! 

She tried yanking Clive out of her mouth but Clive was a big mother and she would have found it easier to push a Buick up a steep grade. 

Yes, Clive had buried himself to the end of his dick until his hairs tickled Tracy's nose. Tracy's eyes started to water up with the pain of having her lips stretched so wide. They were at the point of cracking and bleeding from with width of Clive's massive cock. She started gagging but Clive wouldn't let up, he was there to stay. 

She started scratching his thighs, ass and belly so Ted grabbed her arms once again and locked them behind her back with a strong hold. She was furious but powerless against being taken by a complete stranger. I was starting to get a little concerned, but I knew that she would soon relax.

Clive wasn't in the mood to be gentle and slow. The action he saw between the three of us on the bed must have stirred his gonads to a fever pitch. Clive pulled out just a little to let her pull in some fresh air without gagging. 

One gulp of air later, Clive pushed his massive rod back into its deepest point of travel. He continued doing this until Tracy had finally grown accustomed to having something that huge forced down into her, pushing her throat wider. 

I could see in her eyes that she had learned to accommodate the massive intruder only through sheer determination. She was determined to have this big prick gush inside her when she wanted it to. She now was not going to let this prick take control of her. But Clive and his big prick did just that. He placed his huge hands behind the back of her head, grabbed a pile of her hair in each hand then began to pump her head with hard and heavy strokes from the tip of his rod to the very bottom where she would be kissing his ball sack. He would also mash his pubic hairs against her nose with each inward thrust. 

"Suck it harder bitch", he growled. 

With that he started a more vigorous thrusting of her tonsils as her 0-stretched mouth tightened in response to the command.

"Now that's cock sucking and better", as he settled into his saliva soaked saddle.

"This is the first homey bitch that I've come across that hasn't complained about doing a little cock swallowing". 

Both Ted and I could see a collection of his pre-cum mixed with Tracy's saliva started to pool up along the length of Clive's shaft and on her lips. 

She was straining her lips as it slid easily in and out of her mouth and throat. We could see Tracy's throat bulge as his dick went in and out. 

Clive hadn't cum yet; it was his pre-cum that was coating the flesh of their union. He seemed to be pacing himself for the big finish. 

Tracy was looking into his eyes almost begging him to finish with her. 

Ted still had a good grip on her arms behind her back while Clive was groaning louder and louder each ram of his cock into her throat. He was getting ready to shoot the big one. 

"I hope you don't mind a healthy batch of cum, because my nuts are about to blast down your throat". He shouted at her.

Tracy couldn't resist even if she wanted to. As a matter of fact, I think she was looking forward to the finish of his penile onslaught.

"One batch of hot bubbling penis juice coming up", he said through gritted teeth. 

"Oooohh fuck, oooohh fuck, oooohh fuck", he said through cock twitching spurts.

"Suck it up baby, suck it up good". He growled.

Tracy was trying her best, but the beast was still cuming strong as he fed it to her and the monstrous log of meat took up most of her mouth space. A lot of the cum slid down her throat and some of it came squirting out of her mouth and nose, around Clive's cock as he continued his deep spurting thrusts. 

He was still coming as he pulled on his cock. Just the head of his cock was past Tracy's lips, as she sucked in his salty froth. Clive dislodged his purple head from her lips and sprayed her face and hair with the Iast few spurts of his twitching rod. He had drained his hose and was now twirling his cock and balls on her face, smearing his cum into her cheeks, forehead, eyelids and hair. 

Clive then squeezed a drop or two out on his cock head and placed the precious drops on Tracy's begging tongue. 

Tracy savored the taste of the monster cock fluid as he let her suckle on the head, drawing a little more fluid from the now smaller sized erection. She cleaned his cock of any more cum with her lips and tongue until he was clean and glistening with her saliva.

She was totally satisfied at making Clive cum with her mouth, although she still had an itch that needed a little scratching between her legs. She wiggled her ass hoping one of us would get the hint. 

I was rock hard after watching Clive fuck her mouth and splash his goop on her face. Ted seemed just as interested and Clive was still raring to go. I stepped up, and shoved my whole cock into her cunt in one thrust.

After some more of Tracy's face fucking, Clive tapped me on the shoulder to switch. He pulled up behind her for some doggy style thrusting just as I was.

I lay on my back with Tracy's mouth tonguing my groin area and Ted was on his back licking her clit and pussy lips as Clive pounded it to her. 

Tracy was constantly moaning her pleasure around my cock, as Clive and Ted were busy giving her pussy the workout it wanted. She was sucking furiously on my cock, tugging and pulling on my cock and balls trying to coax the cum from me. Her hungry mouth was really sucking me hard from the noises she was making with it. I could feel my balls were squirming their fresh load as she heated them up to the boiling point. My cock was giving that old twitching feeling in my balls as the impending eruption burst like thunder from my cock head. While all this was happening, I was surprised that the bed didn't brake. Clive was pounding the hell out of her pussy making the bed sway back and forth on every thrust.

She moaned her pleasure as she won the cock sucking battle with a load of my freshly squeezed cum straight from my now tired nut sack that filled her mouth. 

Clive was busily stroking her clinging pussy with the same powerful thrusts he fucked her face with a few minutes earlier. Ted was sucking on her clit and around her dripping pussy hole. Clive had a hard grip of her hips as he picked up the pace even more. It was a good thing the Ted and I had loosen up her pussy for the onslaught. 

He was pulling it out until just the head remained and then smashing it back into her hole while her body was being pushed forward from the forceful fuck. She tried her best at bucking back on Ciive's in-stroke, but his fuck thrust was too powerful. 

She was moaning and groaning her pleasure on every stroke now as she sucked and fucked by my two friends. 

Ted was hungrily sucking and licking her clit. CIive was at his peak and was about to unleash. Tracy had now dug into the mattress and was clutching on to bunched up sheets as the Iook on her face said she was near the end. She was moaning and thrashing now as her climax started. Screaming in ecstasy, she was bouncing and thrashing all over the bed while Clive roared his climax out as he gave her one last thrust and buried his tool deep within her spasming pussy. 

He tightly mashed his groin into Tracy's as Ted continued his assault on her throbbing clit. Clive was groaning as he unloaded his tightened balls deep into her belly. His groin spasmed and throbbed inside of Tracy. Clive pulled out his purple monster and crashed onto the bed beside Tracy as a pool of his cum came flowing from her battered pussy hole and down her leg. She lowered her mouth to his member and lovingly kissed and tongued their fuck juices from the head and it's hairy sac, appreciative of the orgasm that this mighty penis gave her. 

Ted had moved up to suckle her smooth flat belly and her large nipple tits. Soon, turning her over onto her back, pulling her legs up and over his shoulders, Ted had another turn a Tracy's abused cunt. Clive and I both laughed when Ted dumped another load of cum into her within a couple of minutes. Tracy meanwhile just lay there as if she had died from her last fucking.

After some soothing showers and playful pinches and grabs we all left to go to the pub to watch the band. We closed the place after some alcoholic induced rowdiness and slunk back to the dorm with Tracy on my right arm and Ted on her right. The three of us passed out on the bed in a heap.

The next morning, Ciive stated that he had found another conquest at the club. Tall Germanic looking women with platinum blonde hair and blue eyes, looking a little like porn queen Angela Baron. He asked if we wanted to share. We choose to pass since we were leaving that same day. 

Boy, was she in for a treat from Clive, but that's another story.......!