 This will be considered tame by some standards. This is group sex but it involves two married committed couples. No one gets hurt abused or humiliated. No wild statements about perfect bodies and huge 15 inch cocks. Real middle age women with real middle aged men. I really appreciate comments, so please leave one. Again, I tried a different style. More like my first couple stories. A little less graphic and more flowing like being told a story. 

*****

I'm Dottie and I have posted a story on here before, so you can read the earlier tale and find out easily enough what I look like, but I'll re-cap anyway. 

I'm 5'4 and a little on the chubby side. As a full time housewife and mom, I don't get a lot of extra time, but with all my housework and stuff, I manage to stay busy and haven't gotten too out of shape. I am still shapely and have a large 42DD set to go with my round sexy booty. My waist is still smaller, giving me an a large hour glass shape so I guess I would say I'm voluptuous. I have sunshine blond hair with pale caramel streaks that give it a nice bounce and a healthy glow. My hair was a little wave to it and hangs to my shoulders blades. My eyes are a bright blue and sparkly. And since it will be important later, I have pale rose colored nipples and I have begun keeping myself shaved bare these days.

My husband is Larry is a well-built 57 year old hunk. He is 6'2 and in well maintained shape. He is about 212 pounds a cuts a nice figure. He has narrow waist, broad shoulders, and long strong legs that suit his size perfectly. He has a full head of dark brown hair with gray starting to come in throughout, but it is not quite salt and pepper yet. His eyes are a deep brown and mesmerizing and a strong jaw that he keeps clean shaven. Again, since you'll need to know, he is just over six inches but so wonderfully thick. He keeps it tidy down there, with black curls only over his luscious cock. He doesn't leave any hair on the balls or shaft, which makes head more enjoyable for both of us.

Our friend Dan and his wife Arlene own a cabin near our cabin in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, near Newberry. We used to take the family up there for a couple weeks each summer and his family was usually there around the same time for years. As time went on, it became just the two of us and Dan was in the same situation. Just his wife and he would go. 

Our family wanted to do something for Larry's birthday this year. It's in late May and Larry and I wanted to spend a romantic evening alone this year for his birthday. We decided we could spend a romantic weekend alone a couple weekends before his actual birthday party. We let Wendy know where we were headed and we drove up there late Friday afternoon. 

It was still cooler in the evenings, but we were already having some nice warm spring days. We had wood for the fireplace and pellets for the pellet stove. 

We got there and unloaded the car. I had some groceries for the weekend. We had just finishing settling in about midnight when we saw headlights coming up the drive way. Dan and his wife Arlene were pulling up in his pick-up truck. Their lights flashed on us on the porch and they pulled to stop next to our car. They got out waving hello. 

"We saw the lights on over here and thought someone might have broken in," Dan explained.

Arlene laughed, "Grabbed his bat and insisted on coming over to check it out. I told him it was probably you."

We all got a chuckle out of it as Dan showed us the aluminum bat he'd brought with him.

"Well thank you anyway," Larry said. "I appreciate you being prepared to run out anyone."

We invited them in for some wine. Larry opened one of the nicer bottles we'd brought with us. I got the glasses out and gave them a quick rinsing. 

Larry asked, "What brings you guys up this early in the year?"

Dan responded, "It was just a romantic get-away. We noticed that with the boys grown up and doing their own things now-a-days, Arlene and I were spending less and less time together. We weren't going out anymore. We decided to spend more quality time enjoying each other's company." 

"Oh, my gosh!" I exclaimed, "That's why we're here too. Larry's birthday is in a couple weeks and we wanted some time alone."

We all laughed about great minds thinking alike. 

It was after one in the morning now and we were all feeling the effects of the wine. We had the radio playing on some light music channel on the Sirius.

Dan asked me, "Would you care to dance, Dottie?"

"Why, yes. Thank you," I told him, taking his hand. 

We took turns getting up and dancing for the slow stuff. We switched back and forth. I danced a couple with Larry, and Arlene did as well. We both danced a few with Dan. He is a good dancer too. He leads very well and we all began having fun. 

We finished a second bottle of wine by this point and no one was feeling any pain. We all sat down for awhile and chatted and laughed. It was a real nice night.

Larry got up and changed the channel. It was now on a rock station. A few faster songs came on. Pretty soon we were all up dancing like we were in a club instead of a kitchen in a cabin. I believe the third bottle of wine has us feeling brave. 

The guys were hooting for us as Arlene and I danced to a few hits. All the attention from the guys and their hungry looks started getting me excited. The cabin was nice and warm, but my nipples were hard points against the light fabric of my t-shirt. It was obvious I was turned on. I had a sexy sheen of sweat on me as I gyrated about the kitchen. My t-shirt stuck to my large boobs and my hair lightly stuck to my wet forehead.

Arlene seemed to be enjoying the attention from the guys too. She was just as sweaty and her large nipples were just as hard. Before much longer I kicked things up a notch and started getting a little bit wild. I was doing a naughty bump and grind to George Michael's "I Want Your Sex". I pulled up my shirt and began flashing the guys my sheer white bra. Arlene was laughing and soon she was joining in with teasing the men with me. 

The guys were certainly having a good time. They were whistling and cat-calling anytime either of us showed a little bit of sexy skin. Arlene was flushed and smiling. I could tell she was having a blast being the center of an increasingly arousing situation. We were still dancing sexily for our guys.

We must have been putting on quite a show for the admiring eyes of our husbands. I moved behind Arlene and whipped her shirt up. She took her bra off and slid it out the arm holes. I did the same. We were now flashing our big mature boobs and the men were eating it up. 

"Whoo-hoo!" the boys yelled. "Take it all off!"

We took turns flashing the other for the guys and soon we were just out right stripping to the music. The guys may have been the ones hooting and cat calling but it was obvious that we were all having fun. Arlene undid my pants and slid them down my legs grinning at the men lustily. I struck a coy pose as she did. The guys were groaning and the tents in their jeans were a testament to what we were doing to them. 

Arlene is 47 and just about twenty pounds shy of being a BBW. She is quite voluptuous and has one of the prettiest faces I've ever. Her hair is light brown, full and curly. She has a thinner waist, wide hips, big boobs but a flat butt(unfortunately) no booty at all. She is still incredibly attractive over all though. I'd say she is about 230 lbs and almost 5'10 or so. She is fair-skinned and has rich brown eyes that bright and smiling. 

Her skin was shiny and flushed as I began stripping her. I slid her cute little panties down exposing her lightly trimmed pussy. Her nipples were a sexy deep acorn color and she had raised braille around the areola. Her breath was quickening and she became more aroused and excited.

Dan is 46 and has a lean wiry build. He works all year round in construction and is very cut and muscled. He isn't a very big guy at all. At about 5'10 and 160 pounds, I'd guess. Wiry. Dirty blond hair cut short, glasses and blue eyes. A very sweet man. 

Arlene and I were now dancing nude for the guys and taking turns getting close to each. They had stripped off their stuff by now too. I saw Larry shoot a look to Dan when I was up close and Dan got a big grin and pulled me in. Since Larry and I had begun getting more wild sexually, I didn't think anything of it. Soon, I was kissing him and we were touching each other all over. 

I heard Arlene squealing and laughing and looked over. Larry had her in the chair and was going down on her. He picked up one of her curvy legs and draped it over his shoulder. He leaned in pleasuring her with his mouth. Soon, her laughing went to moaning and shaking. Her body was covered in goose bumps and her moans were coming from deep inside her. She was writhing in the seat as he took her. 

I got down on my knees between Dan's legs and he had a nice dick. It was probably about five and a half inches probably but deliciously thick. He had light brown hairs dusting his balls and the base of his shaft. I teased it with my tongue, fluttering along it. I grinned up at him and slid his tool into my mouth, sucking on it greedily. 

I was working my mouth up and down and him and he was bucking at my mouth too. His hands were stroking my hair and up and down my back. 

I was too horny to keep up the oral. I moved over to Larry and said, "I'm so hot. You need to fuck me now, honey."

We hadn't played with Arlene and Dan like this, so I worried about going too far. 

Arlene looked at me sweetly and said, "I hope you don't mind but could I get Larry to myself first?"

I got a big grin and Dan did too. This was farther than I expected this to go. I moved back to Dan and straddled his lap in the chair. He reached up roughly fondling my large globes. He was just rough enough to be manly without being overly aggressive. It was wonderful to feel his firm shaft against my belly. He reached down with his other hand was was teasing my aroused clit with his thumb. I raised up and grasped for his cock. I slid the bulbous head along my lips.

"Mmmm, you're so slick," Dan said with his head back in ecstasy.

I spread my lips for him still rubbing him along my creamy seam. My sex was so hot and wet as I lowered myself onto him. He did certainly stretched me with his thickness. 

"Oh God," I wailed as he filled me.

Soon I was bucking up and down on Dan and we were making wet squelching noises. My pale body was in stark contrast to Dan's year round tanned skin. My boobs were brushing his chest and he was fondling them lightly. Soon, he pulled one of my gourds to his mouth and was taking turns sucking each. He was nibbling my nipples and skin. 

Larry and Arlene were on the floor behind me. I couldn't see them, but I could hear the smacking noise of their bodies pumping together and Arlene's moans of delight. I'm not as vocal as some, but she was making porno noises. She was a screamer for sure. Loud and very vocal. 

Dan seemed to expect it because he was egging her on too. 

He was telling me, "Man, Dottie, you are so fucking amazing. You are so hot. It feels so good. I feel so lucky to be fucking you." Then her turned to Arlene and added, "That's right baby, you love it. You look so amazing fucking him." 

Soon, Dan lowered us down on the floor beside Larry and Arlene too. Arlene was taking Larry's cock doggie-style. Her back was arched and legs spread wide as Larry gripped his hips, pumping solidly into her. Her moans of pleasure were joined with my own.

A racing fire danced along my spine, causing me to gasp. I writhed as the orgasm swamped my consciousness. I had satisfyingly deep orgasms from Dan's thick cock rubbing the walls of my cunt. It lit up my nerve ending like bombs going off, I wrapped my legs around Dan's waist as I whimpered in ecstasy. 

Arlene was very satisfied too. Her forehead was against the cool floor as Larry held her body. He sat back on his heels as he lightly stroked her sweat slicked form. All four of us were gulping in big breaths. 

The guys soon were aroused again and announced the night was not over. We managed to change positions a few times with each partner before exhaustion took us and we were heading off to bed. 

The next morning at the breakfast table, Larry and I discussed our surprise this happened.

"When you shot Dan that look," I said, "that's when I realized you had set this whole thing up. Did you call them? Is that why you were so insistent on this weekend get-away?" I slugged his arm playfully. I had fun and I could not be mad at such a pleasant surprise. 

Larry's look was genuine, "I didn't set this up! I thought maybe you had somehow. I swear, I was swept up in it just as you were. It was just a spontaneous thing and we benefitted and enjoyed it very much."

The coffee was made already so I decided I would make breakfast for everyone. I scrambled up some eggs and had the french toast just about ready. I was worried about how Dan and Arlene would feel about it all today. Would the harsh light of day make them regret going that far with us last night? Wine had contributed, and I had a part it moving things along too. 

They joined us shortly after the French toast came out of the pan and they were giddy. 

Arlene was all smiles as she said, "We have never had so much fun as we did last night. We never expected it to come so easy. We just went with the flow and had a terrific time. Thank you, you two. We enjoyed it so much." 

I don't know if we will continue playing with them or if they will continue on their own but it ended up being a fun weekend.

As we were leaving, Larry had a naughty gleam in his eye as he said, "We'll call you. We'll be back up in a few weeks. We'll talk Wendy into coming. You should bring your boys."