 I've arranged for this, because I know you like the idea.

It took work, but I managed, sifting through messages from dozens of pervs, before finally finding someone who both understood the concept, and looked the part.

Join me to the carnival. We'll arrive at separate times, I'll let you know what costume and mask I will be wearing. We meet up, and we steal away somewhere private.

The meaning of the word "carnival" is discussed a lot. But one of the meanings ascribed to the name is "feast of flesh", and tonight I have planned for you to feast.

It takes some time, but I manage to find you in the crowd. I simply walk up to you, grab you, and kiss you hungrily. The harlequin mask covering the top of my face, but leaving my mouth free.

You have half an idea about what I have been planning, so you're wearing something deep cut, allowing your breasts to tastefully almost overflow a neckline so deep it no longer has anything to do with necks. And a skirt of sorts with a high split that not only shows of your legs magnificently, but also seems able to be pulled up easily.

I wrap my arm around your waist, and lead you out of the crowd, and towards the houses at the edge of the plaza. Down a narrow side street, and then into the darkness of an even narrower alley. The party in the plaza is still more than loud enough, so any sound will likely be drowned out.

And in the darkness, the other awaits. Told to wait here around this time, and wearing the same costume and mask as me. Roughly the same size and build as me. 

You ghasp as he steps forward from the drakness, startled.

I laugh, grab you around the waist, and bury my mouth in your neck, kissing it. I take hold of your arm, and twirl you around, sending you into the arms of my double. 

His arms wrap around you, and he copies what I did, his mouth kissing the other side of your neck. I press up against you from the front, kissing you deeply, and ending it with a lip-bite. 

We literally pass you back and forth between us in the dark alleyway, taking turns to hold you, while our hands and our lips cover your skin. Hopefully this dance in the darkness will eventually confuse you, until you can no longer tell which is which of the masked men.

Eventually, it ends. Instead, two pairs of hands pushes you to your knees. Two pairs of unbuttoned pants, two cocks ready. You start to try to acquaint you, grab them in your hands, trying to feel which is more familiar. Eventually, you resort to using your mouth. First sampling one, then the other. The first taste of the feast of flesh I have readied for you.

You get to spend some time like that, sitting on your knees, sucking one cock, stroking the other, and then alternating. Sometimes a hand grabs you head, pulling you towards one, other times a hand pushes you head away, making sure that you suck equally eagerly on the other. 

But this wasn't a gift for you, so that you could squander it on sucking cocks. Eventually, two sets of hands help you up. 

But only for a moment. 

Seconds later, you're bent forward. A cock in your mouth, while hands lift your skirt up, and pull down your underwear. 

This is the thing you've wanted, isn't it? To feel a cock inside of you, while you suck on another. A pair of hands grabbing hold of you from behind, and pressing into you, another pair of hands from the front, getting your breasts out from that deep neckline, playing with them.

Getting fucked and getting a face full of cock at the same time.

You get to enjoy it for a little while, before you get turned. The feeling of a different cock being thrust into your pussy, and the taste of a new cock in your mouth, this time covered with the juices from your pussy.

You can hear the sound of someone spitting, a split second before something wet and warm lands on your asshole. Then fingers start to rub you, press into you. 

Have I ever done that to you? Just spit like that? Maybe not. But maybe I'm changing my manners on purpose to confuse you. Is there something familiar about how those fingers work your asshole? Or is it the cock in your mouth that is familiar? The way your nipples are pinched and pulled? Can you tell anything from the moans of two men?

And, lest we forget... How hard is it to think when you're being spit-roasted on two cocks at the same time?

Again you feel the cock leaving your pussy. This time you're being pulled over towards the wall. One of the two masked figures sits down, while the hands of the other makes you mount him. As soon as you sink down, and feel the cock filling you up, you also feel someone manoeuvring their body in behind you. 

As hands make sure you ride up and down on the cock already inside of you, you can feel another starting to make it's way into you.

You scream and squeal a little, as the thick, meaty cock slowly is inched into your ass. Until you're filled up, feeling ready to burst. Two cocks filling you up in ways you never thought was possible, ever.

So dirty, and so tantalizing. 

You cum. And once you start cumming, there is no stopping. The cocks work you relentlessly, like pistons. Hands are groping you from behind, grabbing your breasts, you feel fingers on your clit, at some point your hair is pulled, but you have by now lost track of everything, and can't tell by whom. Again and again you're driven to cum, before it finally ends. 

You're helped to collapse on the ground. You can see two towering forms above you, as your mouth is filled with a cock. The hand on the back of your head making you bob up on down on it. Then you get fed the other. At some point, you hear a grunt, and feel something warm on your cheek. A moment later another grunt, and the cock between your lips slip away, and you feel something wet splashing on your face and on your chin. 

When you finally start to come properly to your senses, there's only me and you left in the alleyway. I help you to your feet, and offer you a Kleenex. Then I offer you my arm for support. 

You will be walking funny for a while, after what just happened in the darkness.