 Mark and I have been friends since we were five. We met in kindergarten and pretty much were inseparable all the way through high school, college and to this day. Pee Wee football, junior varsity, varsity. Sleepovers at my house and camping trips with his family. When he got a car for his 16th we started double dating as well. Both of us played ball just well enough to get chosen for our small state college as walk-ons. Neither of us are very big, but both very athletic. And we played well together. Our friendship helped our play on the field.

Anyway, like I said, the two of us did pretty much everything together, as both of us had sisters that were about five or six years older and no brothers. Amazingly, to us at least, we both lost our virginity on the same night; in different rooms at a house party. We were both so quiet when we left, that neither of us fessed up until we were almost back at my place. Once the truth came out though of what happened, we both divulged every last detail. It was the start of something that would continue with every girl one of us dated.

I guess girls do this sort of thing mostly, but neither Mark nor I had a problem talking about this sort of shit. And I am sure that he was just like me and ended up jerking off after those detailed experiences we told each other. Of course, not all of them turned out all that good, but we were able to make them interesting by suggesting what we should have done to make it better or by discussing a girl's newly discovered attributes!

About six months before we graduated from high school, we got into a pickle because Mark's ex approached me after a game. He had been extremely into this girl, even though she was not that special if you asked me. Cindy was definitely skilled though, from what he told me, and apparently knew a lot more than either of us did about sex. She definitely taught him some tricks, and because he told me pretty much everything, I learned a lot as well.

They broke up because he caught Cindy coming on to some guy at a party, and she basically made him feel like shit when she said she needed more than just him. She had absolutely no clue as to why he was upset because, in her words, she told him nicely and not in front of anyone. Her family was into this free-spirit hippie crap so she was totally alright with expressing herself sexually from a young age I guess.

So, I had had a really good game that week, the one of the few times I actually got my name in the paper. Cindy asks me for a ride home after school since she knew I worked in that direction. As Mark had already split, I obliged and we headed off in the clunker I had saved enough for over the summer. I was embarrassed having her in that piece of crap, but she didn't seem to mind, and as it was not like she was a date or anything, just an acquaintance, it didn't really matter.

She was not one of those giggly cute little girls that I normally dated. Cindy was as free-spirited as her hippie parents; wearing prairie skirts, baggy sweaters and shoes with wedged heels before they were back in style. It was a good look for her, with long black hair and those big brown eyes. You had no idea what she was hiding under all those baggy clothes either. 

As I sat there, feeling her staring at me but neither of us talking, I kind of saw what Mark had when he was with her.

"What? I got a bug on me or something?" I said. 

She smirked and crossed her arms. "You know? I never noticed before. You are pretty hot, you know that?" I knew she was blunt but had not expected her to say something like that!

"Get out of here," I laughed. "You're still paying me gas money!"

I saw her smile out of the corner of my eye, and push the hair behind her left ear. She was quiet for a couple minutes, before she looked at me again.

"How much did he tell you about us?" I was quiet, not sure exactly how much I should say. She snorted and said, "Everything I take it? Hmm."

I didn't say anything.

"And did he tell you why we broke up?" I told her pretty much, yea. I had been at the party too and knew what she was doing. I said I didn't really want to talk about it to be honest. No need to explain anything to me. "Did he tell you EXACTLY what I said to him?" 

She accepted my silence as a no and continued, tugging on her baggy sweater and turning more towards me.

"I told him that I wanted him, but that I also needed more." She waited for my reaction.

"Yea, that is what he said."

"No. I mean," and she scooted towards me across the bench seat. "I mean that I like it when two take care of me."

I remember at that point that my heart was pounding for some reason. I had no idea where this was going, but I could feel the sexual tension bearing down on me.

"I had no intention of breaking up with Mark. I was looking to bring someone else into the mix."

"Ookaaay." It was stupid. But the only thing I could thing of.

"You think I'm a slut don't you?"

"Cin ... I don't even know what you are talking about. I mean I THINK I know, but I am not going to get mixed up with all of this. And it really doesn't matter what I think."

I couldn't tell if I had been too harsh or what. She turned away and looked straight ahead again without speaking.

"But I don't think you are ... well, what you said, if that makes any difference."

"Slut, Steve. I said slut." She emphasized the word slut both times. I thought she was getting angry, but when I looked at her, she was smiling back at me. For some reason, her sitting there with her arms crossed, eyebrow arched, smirking at me condescendingly, she was REALLY hot. I blushed. And I felt like an ass for doing so. 

I had been with four girls the past 18 months since I had lost my virginity, but still felt rather inexperienced compared to this girl. She had fucked my best bud for three months non-stop, not to mention at least a dozen other guys at school and here she was flirting with me. Or at least teasing me. It amazed me that I had not really thought about her much, even when Mark talked to me about them, until right now. I had an almost uncontrollable urge to stop the car and kiss her right there. She obviously saw that in my expression.

"Ooh," she cooed. "You're a bad one."

"What are you talking about?!"

"Oh, I know your type. Strong ... quiet ... always cracking corny jokes and only going after those little princess types."

"Yea, so?"

"Yea, and right there under the surface what you really want is a nice hard fuck from a little slut instead."

"You're fucking crazy." I knew as soon as I said it that it didn't sound convincing at all. I was squirming in the seat and trying to keep from smiling.

"That's right," she said, sliding her hand over and gripping my thigh. "Just like I have my little secret needs, so do you! And let me tell you something else, Stevie," she took my chin in her hand and turned my face toward her. "I can be one nasty little slut."

By that time I was at her house. Her little brothers were playing in the front yard as I pulled to a stop. She let go of my face and grabbed between my legs. Cindy quickly felt how hard I was, grinning from ear to ear, and then just like that she was out of the car. She didn't even look back. Just walked in the house and left me totally stunned. Now I wanted her. It was the first time a girl had really teased me like that, and certainly ever talked dirty, even though I know how mild that was now. I don't remember the rest of the drive to work, or my shift. I just kept thinking about her words, and how she seemed to actually like being called a slut.

At that point I knew I had to talk to Mark. I could hardly wait until I saw him the next day and was able to feel him out. I remember it was very hard to come out and say it. So I just made it sound like his slut of an ex-girlfriend came onto me, which was actually the truth. He laughed it off and said he wasn't surprised. And that he even missed the little bitch. Especially at night.

We joked for a few minutes and changed the subject, but it being still on my mind, I abruptly brought it back to Cin. 

"Look man," he said, slapping me on the back. "I don't blame you for wanting a piece of that. I mean, she doesn't seem like much to look at cause she always covers her shit, but you get her in bed, or the backseat, or in the locker room, hahahaha...." He stopped and kind of gave me a nudge. "Dude, she is going to blow you away! Literally if I know her!"

We parted and as he walked away he called back, "Just be careful for that knife she's gonna stab you with! HA! Later, Dude!"

Two nights later found me shrugging off a double date with Mark and some girl from another school, and her cousin. He was a little pissed, but I couldn't tell if it was because of not going with them, or being just a little jealous about me making a run a Cin. He kept making little comments about if he had just had her once more. I told him I would bail on her, but he told me to do it. Just tell him all about it later.

OK, so Mark was out of the way. I had not told her that I was stopping by. I didn't know how to approach a girl like her for a "date." She probably would have given me a very hard time in front of her friends. 

So I get to her house and the place looks dark except for the living room. A moment later I see why. Her entire family is piling into their old VW van and heading out someplace. I am parked across the street, poised first to get out of the car, and then seeing this, to just drive off, when I see Cin look in my direction. I can't see any visible reaction except for her talking to her Mom for a few seconds and then going back into the house. I expected her to come back out and get in the van, but instead, they just leave without her after a few very long minutes of situating her bratty brothers and sisters.

Now what? I wait a couple of minutes after they left and am considering what I should do when I hear a "tap, tap" on my window. How she got out there without me seeing was beyond me. So I open the door and get out, her standing there in the street with her arms crossed looking at me with that same irritated, condescending expression; smirk and all.

"Came by to visit the neighborhood slut did you?"

"Cin... it isn't like that," I started.

She pushed me back against the car and grabbed my crotch. "The hell it isn't. Don't patronize me. I may be a slut but I am not stupid. I bet you have just been dying to see what it's like to fuck a nasty girl for change, haven't you?" She rolled her eyes when she said dying and squeezed me much harder, making me jump. I had never heard a girl talk like her before; so "adult."

"You know... for a tough "football" player you certainly are skiddish around us little girls."

"Ah, shut up, Cin." She was pissing me off a little now.

She smiled at that and gave me a deep "tongue in the mouth" kiss. Without saying a word, she led me into her house and locked the front door behind us. She took me upstairs and into a bedroom. I say a bedroom because this did not look like any girl's bedroom I had seen.

"It's my parents' room." She lifted her long skirt, revealing her panties and crawled across the bed. I had never seen a girl crawl on all fours like that. Talk about a hard-on!

"Why are we in here?" I was feeling a little apprehensive about being in her parents' room, especially when they had just left.

"Because it feels sooooo good. You should try it. Fuck a little cheerleader or maybe even that little preppie, Juuuulie, right there on your parent's bed. Mmmmm." She was smirking again, knowing she had it over all those other girls.

By this time she had pulled her shirt off and was crawling back toward me in her undies; her skirt still pulled up over her ass. All thoughts of her parents went right out the door.

I cannot fully describe what occurred the next few minutes, as it was years ago, but she had my clothes off in a flash. Her hands seemed to be all over me everywhere at the same time. She would kiss me here and lick me there and squeeze and pinch, laughing the entire time.

Cin pulled me onto the bed with her and got on top of me, kissing and forcing her tongue in my mouth. Her weight on me felt good. She wasn't one of those skinny, fragile girls. Cindy was probably about 140, with wide hips and rather large boobs for a girl her age. She shimmied out of her bra and panties and went back to groping and kissing me. She was extremely aggressive, totally unlike the other girls I had been with, all of whom had shied away and acted innocent right through the entire act. I mean, one of them even refused to go all the way because of me being around nine inches. Cindy stroking me and telling me she loved every inch (and looking very serious and delighted as she said it!) made my head swell. Both of them!

She reached over into her parents' nightstand and grabbed a pack of condoms. "How about we put this big boy to use?"

Cin unwrapped the rubber and started to roll it down. It was not big enough though. While I was pleased because I was bigger than average I guessed, I was becoming increasingly frustrated at her laughing while tugging on my cock. I tried as patiently as I could while she worked it back and forth but it ended up just popping off each time. After what I considered way too long I had had enough!

"Fuck this!" I finally said and rolled her onto her back. I yanked that stupid thing off the tip of my cock and moved between her legs before she could protest. Of course, it was Cin, so apparently she had no plans on protesting. She just kept laughing and grabbing onto me. She lifted her legs and bent them, spreading herself wide for me, her skirt sliding down around her wide hips. I didn't waste any time. I just thrust, or more or less shoved my cock inside her as deep as I could.

"Ahhhh fucckkk!" she yelled. I loved the way she arched her back and gripped the blanket. Her legs were still spread wide as I thrust a second, third, and fourth time and got the last couple of inches in. I was surprised by how tight she was deep down inside. It was easy getting in at first, but then it was like I had hit a brick wall or something.

Cindy's eyes were closed and she had this big open mouthed smile, all the while making panting sounds as I started to move faster. She was so wet that her pussy was making noise if its own! Hearing that just made me fuck her harder.

I don't know what got into me. My other experiences had been slow and mostly quick. Only one girl had taken a long time with me. Those times seemed so sensitive I guess compared to this time with Cindy. I mean, this was fucking. I held myself above her and just pounded away, and to my surprise I was no where near coming. I was mesmerized by the way her face contorted when I thrust extra deep at times; and the sounds she made, both with her mouth and her pussy. It was no wonder Mark had been so into her as he was! Literally. It was then that I remembered that my best friend had fucked this same pussy not long ago. It was a very weird feeling. For some reason, I think it only excited me more. And I wanted to make his ex forget all about him; wanted to make her remember me instead of him. I slammed into her with even more force than before.

"Ah God! You're gonna make me cum already!!" she yelled. I made sure that I did not alter what I was doing one bit... maintained the same exact speed and force because whatever I was doing, it was working! "Oooohhh shit oh shit oh shit!! Aaaaahhhh! Don't... stop... Just... keep... doing... that..."

When Cindy came, she really came. The look on her face was nearly enough to send me over the edge alone, but feeling my shaft suddenly flooded in warmth, dripping out around me against my thighs, was approaching the insane! I had never in my limited experience or knowledge known of a girl to cum like she did. All I could think was, maybe it is because she's a slut! I know now that even the nicest of girls come like that if you do everything right, but back then, what was I supposed to think?

Cin just kept thrashing beneath me, groaning and laughing as her climax came to an end.

"Jesus Fucking Christ!" she laughed. She slid her hands across my abs, up my chest and then framed my face as she looked up at me with those big brown eyes. "You sure made me cum like a slut!"

I just smiled, feeling very sure of myself at that moment. Leaning down, I gave her a big sloppy kiss, grinding my pelvic bone against her clit. She bit my lip and groaned again.

"You're going ... to make ... me cum again," she whispered after a minute or so of the grind. "Is that what you want? You want ... your little slut ... to cum for you again?"

"I'm going to MAKE my little slut come so hard ....." As I said those words she let her eyes roll back into her head and she arched into me again. 

Her legs were wrapped tight around my waist by now. I backed off and leaned down to suck on only my second pair of tits since coming of age. They were much larger than I would have believed she could hide under those baggy clothes. I had been hypnotized by the way they jiggled all around when I had been fucking her, and now I just had to have a taste.

I sucked and nibbled lightly until I felt her hand behind my head. She begged for me to bite her nipple, so I eagerly complied. Harder, she told me. Harder. I was afraid I would hurt her as I scraped my teeth around her nipple and then applied more pressure, more suction, feeling the small sensitive piece of flesh grow inside my mouth. Cin cried out again, and I could feel her squeezing me harder inside her. She was cumming already. Talk about giving a boy confidence!

It made me ravenous. I moved my mouth back and forth to each nipple, making her cry out as I chewed and sucked like I was starved. I couldn't stand it. I was almost ready to come, and yet I didn't want it to end yet. She smelled and tasted so good. If she tasted this good up here then ....

On an impulse I pulled out and buried my face between her legs. It was the first thing I did that actually shocked her I think. I had seen enough videos to know what to do I guess, but I know now that it was all just instinctive. I had gone down on all of the other girls as well, and all of them more than enjoyed themselves. Cindy looked down at me with a shocked but delighted expression that made me crazy!

I gave her sopping wet pussy the same treatment that I had to her boobs; sucking and licking, nibbling everywhere. I found her clit with my tongue, and she thrust her hips upward, hands reaching back for the headboard. I wanted to call her my slut again, tell her to come in my mouth for me, but I couldn't tear myself away from that sweet, tangy little pussy. 

I reached up and grabbed both nipples pinching and twisting like I had seen in a movie. She loved it and rewarded me by squirting all over my chin. Before she could recover, I slid up between her legs and thrust home again. She started kissing me, tasting her own juices as she bit my chin and lips, and sucked my tongue into her mouth.

Holding her to me, I buried my face in her neck and started fucking in long, deep strokes; drawing it out as long as possible. I was right there, so close. My back was sweaty, I could tell, because her hands seemed to glide all over me as if she were rubbing lotion in or something. Those little hands grabbed onto my ass and pulled me downward, barely releasing long enough to let me start the motions all over again. 

I was keenly aware of me not wearing protection. The first time for me. The hot sensations surrounding me were too much. I reminded her by whispering in her ear.

"I'm about to come," I gasped.

Cindy thrust her tongue in my ear and then bit down hard on my lobe. "Do it!!" she cried. "Wanna feel it!!"

"Are you sure? Is that... what ... you want?" I asked. "You want me ... to come... in your slutty ... pussy?!"
