 Marta and I made our way slowly up Florida's west coast, poking into quiet anchorages, and using the occasional marina when we needed to do laundry. Marta relaxed into the cruising life beautifully, and we had a wonderful time exploring the different cities and villages along the way. Tarpon Springs was a favorite, with wonderful Greek food and an 'old Florida' feel.

When we were heading north from there I got a call from Penny letting me know Johnny was playing shows in Florida before making his way west toward Texas. I called him and he was in Fort Lauderdale. He had a show in Orlando a week later, so Marta and I made our way to Crystal River where we left the boat for a couple days and rented a car.

We got a motel room in Orlando and found the little music club where we met Johnny and enjoyed a fantastic evening of music. Finally getting to see him perform on a real stage with an attentive audience was a wonderful experience. 

Marta loved it too. She was a musician herself, having grown up singing traditional Cuban music in a small family band with her cousins. When she first got to Key West she sang in an acoustic rock band for a while, and she had been giving me guitar lessons on the old guitar Phil had given me. After the show we took Johnny to a restaurant for a late dinner and got caught up.

"What you did for Phil, that's some solid good shit man," Johnny said. "His mom died, but he got there in time and it meant a lot to him to be there with his family at the end."

"Well, he's a nice guy, I'm glad he made it," I said. "Did he tell you he gave me an old guitar? Marta's been giving me lessons."

"No shit!" he said. "She's beautiful and talented too? How come you get all the luck Steve?"

"Karma man. It's good shit," I said.

"Yeah it is," Johnny said. "So Marta, are we gonna play together?"

"I hope so," she said with a twinkle in her eye. "Steve tells me the girls love your cock."

"OK!" he said. "That's not what I meant but I'm even happier with that answer!" he laughed.

We finished dinner and walked out into the warm evening air.

"Before we go play let's play a little," Johnny said.

He grabbed two guitar cases from his Volkswagen camper and we walked across the street to a park. We sat on the grass next to a pretty little pond and he and Marta started playing around with a few tunes to feel out what they could do together. Within moments the tentativeness merged into magical music — Marta strumming soft chords under Johnny's fingerpicking, and her voice melding with his in angelic harmony.

"Holy shit!" I said when they finished. There were huge smiles on both of their faces.

Another song, and more magic. And then another with Marta singing the lead and Johnny harmonizing under her. Her voice was pure and beautiful, and I had a sinking feeling I might be spending the rest of my winter alone.

"Remember what we were saying about karma?" I said, and they both smiled.

After an hour of fantastic music in the park with a small audience of appreciative dog walkers, Johnny followed us to the motel. He and Marta just about ripped each others clothes off, and I felt a little like a third wheel in the middle of a blossoming romance.

"I think I'll leave you guys alone and go for a walk," I said.

"No Steve, no!" Marta said. "I've been looking forward to two cocks for a week now. You're not going anywhere!"

"The lady knows what she wants," Johnny said with a smile.

Marta kissed me and helped me strip as Johnny sat on the bed and watched her perfect naked body move. He looked like he'd never seen anything so beautiful in all his life. Marta pulled me by my mostly hard cock over to where she could get her anxious mouth on Johnny's fat meat and still have my cock in her hand. She alternated blow-jobs on the two of us, working up a serious case of wild horniness that showed in her burning eyes. Johnny's girth barely fit in her mouth, and it was easy to see she loved it.

"I've never had anybody so thick in me," she said, looking up at Johnny with a wicked grin.

Her body was so tiny you'd think it would never work, but she straddled him on the edge of the bed, reverse cow-girl style and slowly lowered herself down. The look on her face as the fat cock disappeared was priceless — joy, surprise, laughter, lost to the world bliss — it was all there. She reached for me and lowered her head onto my throbbing cock, and she and Johnny fucked while she swallowed me deep in her throat. As Johnny stretched her pussy to the brink and my big cock filled her mouth, noises came out of her that I've never heard before, guttural utterances that could have come from the Devil himself. And yet as low-down and dirty as those noises were, they also sounded heavenly — pure expressions of sexual bliss that made my heart soar. A beautiful woman lost in a moment of pure passion. A moment that stopped time. A moment I'll never forget.

Marta was voracious that night, more so than I had seen her before, and Johnny and I ravaged her, to the brink of abuse, but she loved every second of it. When we finally slept it was the deep sleep of exhaustion, and all three of us woke with the soreness of athletes who had run a marathon without the proper training. Marta could barely walk, but walking wasn't on her mind — she wanted more from Johnny and me, and we gave it to her, finally stopped by an angry knock at the door telling us it was past checkout time.

After filling our starving stomachs at the local McDonald's, we sat at a picnic table next to the parking lot and Johnny and Marta played guitars and sang again. I was struck again by how perfect their voices sounded together, and the lovely interplay of their guitars.

"You know you two really need to go on the road as a duo," I said. "The world needs to hear this."

"Is that something you'd be interested in?" Johnny asked her.

"Is that something you'd be interested in?" Marta asked Johnny.

They both smiled, and I knew right then I'd lost her. But as selfishly sad as I felt, I knew it was a wonderful thing for Marta — a chance for the artist in her to soar, and maybe a chance for true love as well. I knew that because I could see it in their eyes. Marta and I both knew that true love wasn't in the cards for us — we were just enjoying the moment, and the last few weeks had been wonderful. We knew at some point our lives would veer off in different directions. I just didn't think it would happen so soon.

————————

Back at the boat, Marta sorted through her things, paring down to a minimal amount that she could take with her in Johnny's cramped Volkswagen camper van. The plan was we would rent a car again and meet him in Gainesville in a few days, and he would gradually insert Marta into portions of his show, working on songwriting together until they were a real duo. We found a small church near the marina that took the things Marta didn't need, and a few of her family heirlooms stayed with me, for her to retrieve whenever she wanted.

Our last two days on the boat were bittersweet, filled with excited talk about her future and wonderful lovemaking. During one particularly blissful sixty-nine session I found myself missing her before she was even gone, and I let her burn into my memory — the sight, the smell, the taste of her. The feel of her small waist in my hands flaring to the those perfectly curved hips as my tongue lashed at her sweet little pussy and up onto her ass — that most perfect of all asses that made every man who ever saw it a little weak in the knees when they saw her walk by.

I rolled her over and just looked at her, that little waist again, in perfect proportion to her tiny voluptuousness, those soft tits, those dark brown nipples that make her squirm when you touch them. Those dark brown, nearly black eyes that flame with lust, and that long, silky black hair. I let it all burn into my memory, and then I slipped my cock into her and we fucked, and her voice calling out my name as she came joined the visual memories, locked away, never to be forgotten.

Marta could sense my growing sadness, and she reminded me it wasn't over between us.

"We'll be together again you know, unless Johnny decides to get jealous or something," she said. "At your friend Penny's place you told me about, and down here in the winter we'll all get together, right?"

"Yes, there's a lot to look forward to," I said. "And just think of the fun you're gonna have making music. I'm so happy for you Marta. I want to buy you a guitar. A wonderful, marvelous guitar. Obviously this isn't the place to do it. I mentioned it to Johnny and he said when you get to Texas in three weeks he knows just the place. He's gonna call me when you pick it out, and I'll pay for it over the phone and it'll be yours."

"Oh Steve!" she said, embracing me with tears in her eyes. "The day I met you and Lindsey was the best day of my life."

———————

We drove over to Gainesville and after Johnny's show I left them. I would have felt like a third wheel in the hotel room if I'd stayed, and I wanted them to have a nice clean start together, on their own. Before I left I took Marta aside.

"I know this is gonna be perfect for you two, but... if it doesn't work out for whatever reason, I'll be the first person you call, right?" I said.

She kissed me softly. "The very first person," she said.

"Johnny," I said as we walked to him, "take care of her man. I got the money to take you out you know."

I smiled and Johnny did to.

"No need for that my friend, she's in good hands." His eyes twinkled with love as he looked at Marta.

"Goodbye Steve! We love you!" Marta said, wiping away a tear as I left.

"I love you too!" I yelled, waving from the car.

Love. Such a funny thing. There's so many ways it manifests itself. All of them good.