 I'd been dating Emmy for about two months, when she suggested a double date with Mel and Andrew. I think Mel and Emmy had known each other since university, and they were now flatmates, whereas Andrew and I are old friends.

Because of that, I didn't think much of it, and readily agreed.

So it was that we found ourselves going back to the girls' flat, late one Friday night. We settled into chairs in the lounge, and Mel dug about in a drawer for a pack of cards, while Emmy organized some drinks, which turned out to be a couple of bottles of wine.

"Emmy, I can't find the cards: did you have them last?" Mel called to the kitchen.

"Yeah—aren't they in the top left drawer?" came back the answer.

"Uh...ah, yes, got them!" Mel announced, closing the drawer and clearing the coffee table between the seats. As Emmy brought the glasses and bottles back, Mel started to deal. I'm hopeless at cards, except for Blackjack. Fortunately, no-one else seemed to mind what we played, so I had my way for a while.

Of course, when eventually I wound up with a large stack of matchsticks, Emmy decided I'd won for long enough.

"Time for change: we can't have you win all night. Andy, choose something else, then Mel can decide next time."

"He'll sulk if he loses at cards for the rest of the night," warned Andrew, a wingman on whom I can always rely.

"I won't: besides, it'll take you all night to win these sticks back," I taunted, "even if you do pick something atrocious."

"Doesn't have to be cards," pointed out Mel. Nonetheless, Andrew chose some awful poker variant (they all blend into one for me). Inevitably, I had to have the rules explained ("Again," pointed out Andrew), and struggled inwardly to remember which combinations of cards actually meant anything.

My pile of matchsticks was got woefully low, as they moved to rest in front of my friends—mostly, in fact, in front of Mel, who has an immaculate poker face. Keeping pace with my cache's reduction was the level of wine left in the second bottle, which I thought correlated with Emmy's giggling at my losses.

In the end, it came down to a heavily wagered hand between Andrew and Mel; I'd long since dropped out, when Mel forced a big raise. Emmy didn't like the look of it, but Andrew called her. Called her wrongly, though, and lost all his reserves.

"Pah," he begrudged, pushing the stack over to Mel, who smiled angelically back at him. "I'll get another bottle?"

"Please," replied Emmy, "You know where they are."

Andrew wandered off to the kitchen, while I got up to stretch my legs.

"That makes it my turn to choose, doesn't it?" remarked Mel.

"Yup," grinned Emmy, "What'll it be?"

Mel went decisively to the drawers from earlier, and pulled out a folded sheet. I eyed it suspiciously.

"You really think we've drunk enough for that? We're not in university any more," I pointed out.

Emmy, however, had come across to sit on my lap, and grinned at me, "Go on, it'll be fun."

My reply was interrupted by her mouth coming down on mine, green eyes laughing at me.

"Twister? You're kidding, Mel...Chris, what brought that on?" asked Andrew, coming back with the promised bottle.

I detached my girlfriend, slightly reluctantly; she didn't go anywhere, though, and just started kissing my neck.

"She did, honest, officer," I joked, "And I fear Mel might be for real."

"Oh, definitely," she said, "though you might want another drink."

And with that, she surprised me; shocked me, almost. She came up to Andrew, stood on tip toes to reach, and planted a passionate kiss on him. He's tall: taller than me, and I'm 6', and bigger to boot. I smiled the first time I saw Mel and him together, because she's tiny: about 5'2", and really slightly built, and the contrast is so striking.

That's not what surprised me, though.

As she kissed him, her hands reached down to the hem of her dress, and she pulled it up, over her head, breaking off the kiss only briefly before reaching for his face again. Then her hands moved one of his to her backside, while the other went to the back of her neck.

Mel, standing there in her bra and panties: that's what surprised me. It must have been obvious, too, to Emmy, still buried in my neck, as she giggled gently.

"Well, it's impolite to leave you alone like that, Mel," she chided, and started unbuttoning her blouse.

Frankly, I didn't know where to look, given the options. The rapidly disrobing girl on my lap, smiling widely at me, probably had the bulk of my attention, but I spared the odd glance for Mel. Still kissing Andrew deeply, her hands were working hard at untucking and undoing his shirt, while his hands roved greedily. Like I said, she's a slight girl, though of course I'd never seen her quite like this. Small breasts, a slender waist, a pert bottom: her lacy red underwear was a bright contrast to her skin.

For all that, Emmy was doing an excellent job of occupying my attention, as she shrugged off her blouse, and dropped it behind her on the floor. With a white lacy bra inches in front of my face, I leant in and kissed the tops of her breasts, my hands sneaking up under her short skirt to hold her.

Time slowed, and I enjoyed the moment, while Emmy's practised hands slid into my shirt and I kissed her again.

"No, not yet," I heard Mel say, and I looked across as she pulled his hand from the clasp of her bra. She skipped away from him, still grinning, and fetched his glass.

"Right: I was serious, my choice is Twister, but Emmy has...adjusted the rules."

"I'm sure you'll like them," smiled Emmy, standing back up, and fiddling with the buckle to her skirt. Dropping that to the floor, she moved to help Mel spread the sheet.

Andrew and I exchanged a glance: my eyebrow raising, his wiggled in comical response. Neither of us knew this was coming, that was clear. I watched Emmy's white clad buttocks, as Mel brought me my freshly refilled glass, enjoying the sight. She's slender, though not as slight as Mel: breasts that are more like a handful-sized, and they were beautiful in the low cut bra from which her nipples threatened to break free. Her white trunk panties left much more to the imagination, though, than Mel's thong, which I found myself mesmerized by. I'd only really been able to see Mel from behind as she toyed with Andrew, and though that had given me a prize view of taut behind, the scantiness of the lingerie was only clear as she came towards me, glass in hand.

The lace mesh of the bra allowed the dark aureole of each breast to show through the fabric, which was tight against her swollen nipples. The small V of the thong was only a rudimentary covering of her pussy, which is really what had mesmerized me. I realized, a little too late, that I was staring, and dragged my gaze upwards to her face, as my face reddened and she handed me the drink, laughing.

"Prop your jaw up, Chris," she said over her shoulder as she went back to Andrew. I swear she let her hips sway a bit more on the way.

Emmy, by now, was all business, having sorted out her invention: sixteen squares, stitched seemingly randomly on a sheet, in four colours, and what looked like a heavily appended spinner.

"When you've quite finished eyeing up my best friend, Chris, and if you can drag your attention from her tits for just a minute, Andrew, I shall explain. I've added a few locations," she went on, walking over to me, "to the dial, so you'll need to pay attention."

"But first, you really do need to lose those trousers."

With that, she finished unhooking my belt, and let my trousers dropped while she pulled my shirt off my shoulders. Glancing across as I tugged off my socks, I saw Andy being divested of his clothes, too, and then Mel went across to the dial, spun it, and watched where it fell, before spinning it again.

"Ok, boys: left foot blue, right foot green," she directed. Andrew and I approached the sheet, with only mild trepidation, and stood as instructed.

"Mel: left foot green, right hand red," as she did the same. Emmy wound up behind me, arse in the air, as she reached down to put her hand on the ground. Andy, with Mel in front of him, had a much better view of her butt, poised in front of his crotch, as she grinned up at him under her arm.

Reaching out and spinning the dial, Emmy directed us again.

"Boys, put your left hand on blue and right hand red; Mel, our right foot green and left hand red," as she contorted to obey. I had to look up, because Mel broke out giggling. Emmy wasn't in too bad a shape, crouched over in a corner of the sheet, but Mel had to bend backwards to get her feet on green, and her left hand on red. Legs apart, her pelvis was up in the air, and her head was nearer the ground, between Andy's legs.

His view was of a pleasingly stretched midriff; she was left looking up at his crotch, which was now decidedly swelling his boxers.

A somewhat muffled voice from behind me issued a new set of instructions:

"Mel, right hand blue, right foot red. Andrew, Chris: right hand blue, too, and left foot yellow."

This was a bit of a stretch now, as I and Andrew moved to adjust. Mel was now spread-eagled and balanced on outstretched extremities, whereas Emmy had managed to arrange herself with bottom in the air, facing away from me. Of course, she still contrived to reach her spinner.

"Er...guys, left hand on a bum, right foot yellow. I'd rather it wasn't each other's arse, please," she clarified, "and Mel, our right foot green and left hand on a leg."

Marvelling silently at the complexity of her spinner, I watched as the girls rearranged themselves, Mel frowning slightly while she worked out how. My left hand was pleased to find itself caressing Emmy's lace-clad behind, while she supported herself on one of my knees. Mel, slightly precarious now, was supported by Andy reaching down and cupping a buttock, grinning furiously.

Emmy took a break from my knee, and called our next machination out.

"Boys, right hand...on a leg, left hand...stays put. Mel, without toppling over, sweetheart, left hand on blue, right foot red."

"Grand," muttered Mel, glancing about her for a red, which brought her pelvis up, causing Andrew to straighten somewhat and keep his hand supporting her, but under a thigh now, as well as beneath her arse. Emmy, meanwhile, shifted her feet around, and I snaked my right hand between her slightly spread legs to stroke her inner thigh.

"Ooh, right: boys, left hand moves frontward, please, and left foot yellow," Emmy said brightly and euphemistically, "Mel, left hand blue and right hand...green."

This was a bit of a challenge for Mel, who found herself having to twist herself, one hand at a time, into a posture similar to Emmy, butt in the air, head downwards. Once they were suitable arranged, Andrew and I shared a grin, and shifted our left hands. Mel's pussy was straight in front of Andrew, who slipped his hand between her legs to cup her mound, palm over her lips. My hand was welcomed by a gentle rocking of Emmy's hips as she rubbed herself lightly across my fingers, the heat of her palpable through her panties.

A pause.

"Uh, Emmy?" came Mel's prompt.

"...yeah...left hand green, right foot blue...sorry, Mel, that's us: you two need to move your...right foot to blue, too, aaand your left hand to a handy boob, please," came the disappointed-sounding instruction.

No hardship for me, though, as my left hand slid back, round her waist, and up to cup her left breast. I couldn't resist, and my forefinger gently tugged her nipple free from the low-cut cup, and rolled it softly against my thumb. Behind me, I could hear a sigh from Mel, as Andrew, adjusting his feet, contrived to nudge his hand underneath her bra to properly hold her tit.

"That's better: Mel, right hand to a crotch, definitely, and left hand blue; boys, you can leave your left hand just there, but your right hand is needed on an arse."

On its way up from thigh to buttock, my thumb ran along the length of Emmy's slit, causing a slight twitch to go through her, and I rested my hand on her left buttock, thumb still between her cheeks. I was, however, quickly distracted by her hand seeking backwards, hitting my leg, and navigating upwards to find, through my shorts, my growing penis. Stroking along its length through the thin cotton, she balanced while her other hand reached for the dial. No sooner had I started to enjoy the sensation, though, than she read out:

"Mel, left foot yellow, right hand blue! Sorry, guys; left hand blue, right hand green."

This was something else, though: Mel, giggling, had to turn over again, and, stretched out again, presented her crimson adorned pussy to Andrew's face. Emmy, still face down, was now spread out, with legs wide. She positively purred the next instruction.

"Boys, mouth on a pussy, I'm pleased to require; Mel, I think we should stay put, don't you?"

"Yup, definitely. But the pants have got to come off," she replied, breaking her pose briefly to drag off her thong and fling it aside. Stretching back out, she revealed a perfect cunt to us all. Shaved bare, with small pink lips inviting a closer look, and a moist centre reaching up for Andrew's wide-smiling mouth. He wasted no time, but leant in and licked from base to clit, eliciting a little moan from his blonde girlfriend. My attention was diverted at that moment by a familiar scent in front of me, as Emmy's trunks flew off, and she smiled back at me, arse in the air.

"What're you waiting for?"

"Nothing," I assured her, as I dug my face into her pussy, reaching under her with my tongue to nudge and worry her clitoris. Emmy pushed back at me with a sigh, echoing Mel's quiet panting to my side, as the girls enjoyed their attention. Em's ever wetter pussy was evoking a strained response from my cock that was growing harder to ignore. I took one hand off the floor, and spread her cheeks further apart to get better access. It took a moment for her to recognize the implication.

"Hey, your hands are still meant to be on blue and green, not my butt!" she remonstrated. I didn't say anything, unsurprisingly, but kept working my tongue over her clit.

"Do you need a new instruction? Right..." and she reached out, balanced on one hand, to spin her doctored dial. "Hands on boobs, boys; Mel, time for us to repay the attention."

I looked over at Mel, and realise I wasn't the only one who'd been cheating: she'd lowered her shoulders onto the ground, hips still in the air with Andy buried between her legs. Now, though, she pushed him reluctantly away from her, and onto his back. I say reluctantly, but he seemed eager enough. Emmy turned round, and pulled my shorts down, finally releasing my tortured cock. I dropped down onto my knees and reached round to find her bra clasp, fiddled it open, and unclipped her.

Her breasts came free as her mouth descended onto my glans, licking the sensitive frenulum and then taking it into her warm, willing mouth. I looked over to see Mel's blonde hair shielding her face above Andrew's crotch, as she crouched over him and perpendicular to his body. It meant he could reach her naked tits, and he was moving from one to the other, stroking and pinching her small, taut nipples.

Emmy sank onto my length, with one hand on my hip, and the other gently scratching and pulling my balls as she rhythmically moved me in and out of her mouth. I had a hand on her left tit, cupping it as I squeezed and let her nipple rub on my palm. I glanced left, and realised I had a fantastic view of Mel's cunt as she worked on Andy's dick. Kneeling over him, she had her arse facing me, and with her knees slightly apart for balance, I could see her cleft, wet now from Andrew's tongue and her juices. Looking down, I was faced by Emmy, eyes bright as she saw what had caught my attention. Hocking an eyebrow, she winked in the direction of her flatmate.

Needing no further encouragement, I reached my left hand out, and rested it gently on Mel's arse. When she didn't flinch, I let my hand run down, between her legs, and reached forward with a questing forefinger to find the sensitive nub. Her bare pink labia parted easily, and I found it, my thumb gently resting between her inner lips just outside the opening they protected.

I paused, enjoying the heat from her, and the corresponding warmth around my cock, when Mel straightened her back, pushing her hips towards me, and impaling herself on my thumb. The sudden sensation of her tight cunt on my digit caused my dick to twitch involuntarily, and I switched my gaze down to see Emmy's gaze intent on my handiwork while she swirled her tongue expertly over my cock-head. Looking back, I could see the puckered secret of Melanie's anus spasm, as I rubbed her clit and she slowly rotated her hips around my invading thumb.

The extra sensation in her pussy must have sent her up a notch, as within a few moments there was a surprised-sounding squeak from Mel, muffled by the cock deep in her mouth, and a grunt from Andrew. Mel swallowed rapidly a few times, and then lifted her face from Andy's dick.

His slowly deflating erection, and the sheepish look on his face, corroborated Mel's complaint.

"Em," she said, plaintively, but with a grin that belied her disappointment, "I think I've broken my boyfriend."

"Hey, it's not my fault, it's Chris's" Andy defended himself.

I laughed at him, "I don't think you've ever blamed me for making you come, mate!"

"No, it's whatever you did to her twat, you bastard," he clarified, "She suddenly stepped up a gear."

I could feel, more than hear, Emmy's giggle as she took me deep into her mouth then pulled off me.

"Do you want me to try to fix him, sweetie?" she asked Mel with an angelic look and smiling green eyes.

"Yes, but stop messing about with that bloody dial, I've got a better idea," said Mel, taking a swallow of her long-ignored drink, and coming over to whisper in Em's ear. Andy was looking a little bashful, with wet and flaccid dick; I was a little self-conscious, too, with mine still standing to attention, and I tried to cover the moment by finding my own drink. Mel left Em's side, and came over, pressing her slim body against mine. Her hard nipples pushed into my chest, and her hand found and cupped my balls, as she smiled up at me.

"Thanks for distracting me," she remarked, "I wasn't expecting that."

"You didn't seem to mind," I pointed out.

"No, not at all!"

Emmy had mirrored Mel's move, and gone to Andy, obviously passing on Mel's suggestion. Slightly bemused, I watched as she stepped back away, and gracefully cartwheeled herself upside-down. Pausing vertically on extended arms and legs apart, I had a brief glance of her auburn pussy as Andrew lifted her under her thighs and raised her crotch to his face. I said he was stronger than me—I'm stronger than I look, but I doubt I could've deadlifted either girl—and she buttressed her arms, hands above his knees, as her red hair flowed to the floor and she took Andrew's cock into her mouth.

My jaw must have shown my surprise, as the slight blonde by my side chuckled throatily at me, and squeezed my balls.

"I'm too short to 69 with him, though I am light enough to be thrown around like that. But I thought Em might fit nicely," she explained. "Now, she seems to have left you unattended, and is finally ignoring that damned spinner."

Mel pushed me back onto a sofa, and dropped to her knees in front of me. One hand positioned my cock at the right angle, while the other ran straight to her own pussy. A finger disappeared back to the opening I'd just explored, and then came back, wet, to circle her clit as my cock vanished deep into her mouth.

Now, Em's no slouch at giving head: Mel is incredible. She alternated driving me deep back into her throat, with bringing me shallower for her tongue to run hungrily around the rim of my head. The gentle suction, and warm hand under my sack, were incredible, as I watched her loose hair sway back and forth before me, and my girlfriend's head work back and forth at Andy's crotch.
