 I headed south from Crystal River, back towards Tampa and the keys. Not having Marta with me was depressing at first, but I gradually got in touch with my inner solitude and started to enjoy myself again. I kept in touch with Marta and Johnny on the phone, and things were going beautifully for them. I could tell from their voices their relationship was growing deeper, and Marta was giddy with excitement when she told me about her experiences on stage with Johnny. 

My own life at the moment was considerably less exciting, but that was fine. I was re-charging my batteries, enjoying the natural world, and even practicing my guitar, although it was less fun than when Marta gave me lessons.

I got in touch with a cousin in Naples and had a wonderful reunion. He and his wife insisted I stay a few days, and it felt nice to be with family even if I hadn't seen him in many years.

I bypassed Key West —thinking it would make me think too much about Marta and Lisa and Lindsey — and island hopped my way toward Miami and the east coast. When I was in the Miami area I got a call that made me very happy — Becka was flying down for spring break with some friends, and would spend a long weekend with me in Fort Lauderdale. I didn't want to miss out on any time with her, so I made a bee-line for a marina I'd heard about and lucked out with an available mooring. It was way off to the side, in a shallow part of the harbor, but I was happy with it because it was somewhat private.

By the time I got there and replenished my supplies it was time for Becka to arrive. She showed up at the marina in a cab with her two college girlfriends, looking radiant with a new haircut — her beautiful blonde hair was shorter, quite curly, and sexy as hell. We had already decided on the phone that she would stay with me on the boat, and her friends seemed disappointed at first that she wouldn't be at the hotel with them, but it didn't take long for them to see the depth of our relationship, and they understood.

Hanna and Megan were typical college girls. Everyday girl-next-door types who looked like they were ready to party. The streets of Fort Lauderdale anywhere near the water were thick with partying kids, so I was pretty sure they would get what they were after. Becka, on the other hand, had told me she wanted quiet time alone with me, but whatever she wanted to do was fine with me. I was just glad to have her near me again.

Hanna and Megan left us and went to their hotel to check in. It was about two miles away, and not far from the beach. Becka and I rowed the dinghy out to the boat with her single bag of luggage. It was the first time Becka had seen Connie, and I had her ship-shape and gleaming for her inspection.

"Is this your boat?" Becka asked with a look of amazement on her face as we approached the boarding ladder.

"Yup, this is Connie. Welcome to my home."

"Oh my God! I saw the pictures on my phone, but in person it's . . . wow!" she said.

We climbed aboard and Becka felt right at home even though it was all new to her. After the tour we sat on the back deck and sipped iced tea.

"I love it Steve. And you seem so relaxed . . . I can tell you're happy," she said. "I've been worried about you all winter. It seemed so crazy . . . giving up the life you were used to and living on a boat, but I think I'm starting to understand better now."

"Just wait'll you've spent a few days on board, then you'll know," I said, and we both let the peace and quiet sink in for a few moments.

"Mom wants me to call," she said. "You want to say hi?"

"Absolutely," I said.

"Hi mom," she said into her cell phone. "Yeah, it was good. No problems . . . They went to the hotel . . . Yeah, I'm sitting on it right now. It's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen. It's all wood, and totally different than all the rest of the boats around here . . . Yeah, he looks great. He's tan, and his hair's lighter, from all the sun I guess . . . Okay . . . Yeah, I will . . . hang on a second," she said, and she handed me the phone.

"How's my favorite sexy nurse," I said.

"Hi Steve," Lee said. "It's good to hear your voice again. We miss you."

"I miss you guys too," I said. "How's my little camp holding up since we last talked."

"Fine, no problems."

"The job goin' okay?" I asked.

"Still the same," she said. "I've been seeing a guy from radiology. Nothing serious, but we've been having some fun."

"That's great," I said. "You deserve some fun."

"Steve, keep an eye on the three of them, all right? Spring Break's pretty insane these days," she said. 

"Yeah, I will," I said, smiling at Becka.

"I'm glad she's with you," Lee said.

"I'm glad she's with me too," I said, and Becka smiled sweetly.

———————

After a few texts to Hanna and Megan telling them they were on their own that night, Becka and I settled in for a quiet evening. Of course the first order of business was exploring each others naked bodies on the bed in the forward cabin. I'll never get tired of the feeling of the boat moving gently under me while a woman moves gently on top of me. It's heavenly, and Becka liked it too.

"It's so cool, being with you like this on a boat," she said, sitting up on me, grinding slowly with me deep inside her as the boat rocked slightly from a passing wake. "It's like . . . magical."

"The magic started when you came aboard," I said, lost in the feeling of being with the most sensuous young woman I've known. So lost were we that afternoon became evening, and evening faded to darkness before we got up off the bed and made our way to the galley to whip up some nourishment.

"How did I survive four months without you?" Becka said, sitting at the dinette table in her cute underwear, twirling a cold beer bottle between her fingers.

"After the last few hours I'm not sure how I survived either," I said as I put together some grilled ham and cheese sandwiches.

We sat and ate, gazing into each others eyes and smiling like teenagers in love. I had to keep reminding myself Becka was a teenager just eighteen months ago. 

"Gotta see what my girls are up to," she said, picking up her phone and firing off a text.

A minute later one came back:

HANNA GOT SOME ALREADY...

IN THE MEN'S ROOM!! I KNOW U DID 2

I'M CLOSE, WITH CUTE GUY @ BAR!!

WISH U WERE WITH US

"Well they're off and running," Becka said with a laugh, shaking her head a little. "Gonna be a wild week for them."

"You don't want to miss it all do you?" I asked.

"I'm beyond happy right here," she said. "If we don't move from this spot all weekend it'll be heaven."

We sat on the back deck sipping our beers in the humid night air, and Becka caught me up to date on her winter at school, her mom, her sister Emma, and their friends that I knew.

"Lacy wanted to come with us, but it was a stretch money-wise for her, and she would have wanted to be here with you," she said. "I finally told her I needed to be alone with you. I don't think she gets it yet . . . you and me. I hope I didn't hurt her feelings. I like her a lot, but she's really Emma's friend. You know, it sounds weird, but I feel so much more than one year older than them. I feel like I've grown so much in the last year."

"Maturity happens fast at your age," I said. "They'll catch up before you know it."

"Lacy's mom and my mom have been hanging out a little," she said, watching my face to see my reaction.

"Really? Your mom hasn't mentioned it to me," I said.

"I think she's afraid to. Worried you'll think she's getting too wild or something."

"Gettin' wild's okay . . . Lord knows I do my share," I said. "I wouldn't want her getting involved with the kind of guys Denise hangs with though."

"Guy's like you?" Becka said with a little smile.

"Touche," I said. " No, I mean she's been in some abusive relationships, and she hangs with a rough crowd."

"Yeah, I know. Mom's too smart to fall into that crap I hope. She met a guy at work."

"She mentioned that on the phone. Have you met him?" I asked.

"No. She said he's nice though. Young like you."

Some kayakers paddled by in the darkness, but other than that it was very peaceful in our far corner of the mooring field. All the boats near to us appeared to be local — they were all buttoned up and unused.

"How's my little Katie doing," I asked.

"Emma said she got a little wild," Becka said. "I think you — what's that old saying, opened the floodgates? — when you, you know . . ."

"Popped her cherry?" I said with a smile.

"That sounds a little crude, but yeah," she said. "But I guess Emma talked to her about it, and now she's got a boyfriend."

"That's nice. She's a sweet girl," I said.

"I'm sure she's good in the sack with all that you taught her. Sometimes I think about you and . . . I just don't know what to think," she said.

"I don't want to sound too flippant, but you kind of knew what you were gettin' into when you fell for me. I mean your first exposure to me was a wild orgy that you watched."

"I'm well aware of that mister," she said with a little smile. "Is it normal though? Are you normal? Are we normal?"

"Probably not," I said. "But normal's overrated. Nobody's getting hurt — at least not at the ratio that normal people hurt others. And we're all having lots of fun. I'm very comfortable in my skin. I hope you are, at least for now."

"I am," she said with a nice smile. "It is weird though, and you can't tell me that it's not." She shook her head in happy bewilderment.

"Embrace the weird my love. And while you're at it, embrace me," I said, extending my arms.

Becka got up and straddled me on the deck box I was sitting on and gave me a man-melting kiss. Before either of us knew it my cock was out of my boxers, her panties were pushed aside, and I was deep inside her again. Lost in the moment, Becka's bra came off and we fucked passionately right there in the open, within full view of a tall waterfront apartment building, with a hundred lit up windows facing us. I hadn't experienced an exhibitionist side of Becka before, and it was a thrill. She sat up and rode me and played with her tits, looking at the windows of all the apartments as she came, a wild sensuous creature that took my breath away.

———————

The next morning I talked Becka into joining her friends at the beach. She would have been happy to just stay on the boat the whole weekend, but I wanted her to have the experience of spring break. At least part of it anyway. She convinced me to go with her — not too difficult when I thought about all the young bikini girls I'd see — so we got our beach things together and I called a cab.

Becka emerged onto the deck from the forward cabin in a new bikini, and I almost called the whole thing off because I suddenly wanted her all to myself. She looked insanely hot, and the slightly nervous 'do I look all right?' look on her face just made her look sexier. She pulled a little skirt on, and some sandals, and we were on our way.

"You guy's are headed for the eye of the storm," the cab driver said when we told him were to take us.

Cell phones make it easy to meet up, and we found Hanna and Megan without to much trouble. The beach was a sea of hormone drenched youth, and the shear volume of bikini clad girls made it hard to focus on any. Didn't matter though, because Becka smoked 'em all. Maybe one in a thousand could hold a candle to her, and the beach boys took notice, at least until they saw me.

Hanna and Megan looked good too — their traveling clothes the day before hadn't done them justice — cute girls with sparkling eyes, nice smiles, and easy laughs.

"How come you guys are alone? I thought you hooked up last night," Becka said.

"We're not settling in for the long haul on the first night," Hanna said. "It's a smorgasbord honey."

We staked out a plot of sand, and I quickly realized I was the oldest person around. The girls were talking quietly and giggling, obviously sharing details of their amorous adventures the night before. After their private conversation the four of us made small talk and got to know each other a little before they drifted back into 'girl talk' while I used my keen powers of observation to scope out the local scenery, a few of whom where topless.

"You gonna run off with one of them?" Becka asked.

She caught me sharing glances with a couple of cuties when I thought she was deep in conversation with Hanna and Megan.

"Are you kidding? With you around?" I said, running my fingers down her taut belly, raising goosebumps on her legs and arms.

"So you guys, how was your night?" I asked Hanna and Megan. "All I got out of Becka after your text was 'they're off and running.'"

The two of them giggled and looked embarrassed. "That's one way of putting it I guess," Megan said.

"Tell him about it," Becka said with a sly smile, challenging her friends.

Megan had a 'should I?' look on her face, and Hanna took the lead.

"I fucked a guy in the men's room," she said.

"Hanna!" Megan exclaimed.

"What? I'm sure it's not shocking to him. He's like 'Mr. Sex,' isn't he?" Hanna said.

"Mr. Sex?" I laughed. "I've never been called that before. But no, I'm not shocked. Sex isn't something that should be shocking. It's all good."

"Well, I guess there's no secrets around here," Megan said, "I got with a couple guys in their room after."

"Nice!" I said. "Was that your first three-way?"

Megan nodded, with a nice little smile that left no doubt she enjoyed it.

"This may sound weird, but can I give you guys some fatherly advice?" I said. "Have all kinds of wild fun — I'm all for it — but pick your partners based on more than just their looks. There's a lot of wacko's out there."

"Good advice Father Steve," Hanna said, smiling. "So, since we're sharing, what about you and Becka. Did you just do it all conventional last night or what?"

"Well, since you were kind enough to share, I guess we should too, right Becka?" I said, glancing at her smiling face. "Probably the most exciting part was Becka's exhibitionist side making it's first appearance since I've known her. She rode me on deck, with her hands on her beautiful tits, for everyone in that big apartment building to see. She had an orgasm like a sex Goddess. It was beautiful."

Hanna and Megan looked at their friend with mix of surprise, lust, and envy in their eyes. "You're full of surprises Becka," Megan said.

"He makes it all feel so natural," Becka said. "It all just happens. It's amazing."

"Show us," Hanna said with a sly grin.

"Show you what?" Becka asked, with a surprised look on her face.

"Well, I'm picturing what you did in my mind, but you're both right here, so show us," Hanna said.

"You want me to fuck him right here? With all these people around?" Becka said.

"You don't need to fuck him . . . unless you want to . . . just climb on and let us see what it looked like," Hanna said, still grinning.

Becka took the challenge, and climbed on to my reclining body. I couldn't help but run my hands up her sides, and she lowered her head and kissed me passionately before rising up and simulating fucking me, grinding her bikini clad pussy on my quickly hardening bathing suit covered cock. As I hardened up, she got into it more, and her eyes closed and her hands went to her tits.

"Did you have your tits out last night?" Hanna asked.

Becka looked at her with lust in her eyes, and as she continued grinding on me she reached back and untied her bikini top and took it off over her head, making her new blonde curls bounce. Her milky white tits looked amazing in the bright sun, and she ran her hands over them, squeezing and pushing them up. Her eyes were closed and she was lost in the moment. I could tell from her breathing and her whimpering moans that she was building to an orgasm, and a few moments later she came, her body vibrating and her tits squeezed hard in her hands as she exhaled quietly.

Her body quieted and relaxed, and her eyes opened slowly. She had a look of great contentment on her face, and just a hint of a smile as she looked down at me. As sexy a look as I've ever seen on a woman.

"Damn Becka!" Megan said quietly. "You know everybody was watching that, right?"

Becka smiled even sexier, if that's possible, still half lost in post-orgasmic bliss.

"I better not move or Steve'll put on a show of his own," Becka said, still feeling my hardness under her.

"You could make a run to the water and finish him off," Hanna said.

Becka's eyes lit up, and she bolted up off of me and ran to the water topless, leaving me with a huge hard-on in my thin bathing suit.

"Whoa!" Megan said when she saw it. Her eyes and Hanna's eyes were big as they checked me out. I got up and ran to the water, feeling a little ridiculous as I held my tented bathing suit down with one hand as I ran.

Becka was standing thigh deep in the calm water when I got there, and I was just in time, as two young guys were already moving her way. She was facing away from the beach, her half naked hour-glass shape looking like a Sports Illustrated model in the sparkling sunlight. I walked up behind her, pressed my body against hers, and she moaned when I kissed the side of her neck and her shoulder. My hands went around her and cupped her tits, and the two young guys stood a little ways away, transfixed by the sight of Becka, lost in her sexuality once again.

She turned around and kissed me. It was a kiss I'll never forget — a seemingly never ending dance between our hungry mouths — nibbling, biting, sucking, licking and exploring. It was as sensuous and passionate as anything I've ever experienced.

Becka looked at me with the heat of a blast furnace radiating from her eyes, and she walked me to deeper water. She pulled down my bathing suit, freeing my throbbing cock in the warm water.

"Take it off," she said, and I could see her through the semi-clear water untying her bikini bottoms.

I kicked off my suit, and she took it and clutched it in her hand with hers. She put her arms around my neck and pulled herself up, wrapping her legs around my waist. I held her up with one hand and slipped my cock into her with the other. The look on her face was pure bliss as I slid in. With my hands under her ass I swung her gently in and out from me, fucking my beautiful young Goddess below the surface of the water, surrounded by a mass of humanity.

"He's fuckin' her man!" one of the young men nearby said quietly to his friend. "Dude!" he said to some other nearby guys, gesturing toward us.

Becka heard them and her mouth curled up in a wicked little grin. She loved being dirty, and I loved her for it. Her eyes burned into mine, and she kissed me again. A hot, soul quenching kiss that fed the fire below the water as I swung her the full length of my cock, a long, deep plunging of her hot insides. The feeling was incredible, and we both rose to the specialness of the occasion, orgasms sweeping through us that seemed to engulf our very being, my head thrown back, looking at the blue sky, while Becka muffled her scream with her mouth against my neck.

I felt like the king of the world walking hand-in-hand back to Hanna and Megan with my beautiful topless girl.

"God!" Hanna said. "I thought you'd just give him a hand job under the water. I didn't mean you should fuck him with everybody watching!"

Becka just smiled contentedly. "They got any food around here? I'm starved."

"Two orgasms'll do that to a girl," Hanna said. "What the fuck Beck, you're way wilder than you think I am."

"I'm comfortable in my skin," Becka said, winking at me.

"Fuck!" Hanna said quietly.

"How come I'm the only one topless," Becka said to her friends.

"You want us topless in front of your boyfriend?" Megan asked.

"I do" Becka said with a smile.
