 As I write this, my pussy and ass are still sore and throbbing from the pounding you guys gave me earlier tonight. I'm amped up and can't sleep, and you've both passed out from exhaustion, so I thought I would just sneak into the office here and write this all down so I can remember every detail of the incredible session of sucking and fucking that we just finished about an hour ago... 

When my roommate's friend James shows up to watch the game, I figure it's just another guy football night so I don't even give it much thought. I let him in and I swear he gives me a little "look," but then I think maybe I just imagined it. I mean he's been over to our place a hundred times, right? Sure, I've told my roommate Mark that maybe I have a little "thing" for him and that the idea of him and James giving me a good double fucking has fueled many a masturbation session. But so far it's always remained just a fantasy, and surely Mark never actually TOLD James that I felt that way. So I go about my business, finishing up a report for work and doing some straightening up before heading to the hot tub for a little soak before bed. 

I get undressed outside, climb in to the hot tub, and settle in for a nice relaxing soak. One great thing about renting this house was the private jacuzzi in the back and we've had many a wild party here. Hmmmm, just thinking about some of the things that have gone on here... I glance towards the den, where I can just see the edge of the couch and I hear the guys yelling at the TV. I breathe deeply and let the water wash over my naked skin. It feels so good...and I guess I drift off for a few minutes. 

I awaken to splashing and see both of them buck naked climbing into the jacuzzi with me. I'm momentarily shocked. I mean, not that it isn't a very nice site. They're both in great shape and the contrast between them is great...Mark with the dark hair and eyes and smooth olive skin and James, fairer, light brown hair and blue eyes, a few freckles...yes, very nice. I've seen Mark naked before of course, I mean we're roommates and occasional fuck buddies; he's very nicely endowed but I glance at James before he's submerged his lower half in the water, and WOW. I feel a little tingle in my groin... this is turning out to be an interesting evening. 

"Hope you don't mind if we join you," Mark says, giving me a clearly devious little smile. 

"Not at all," I say, trying to play it cool. 

James just kind of smiles at me. Yeah, they've definitely been planning something. 

I look back and forth between them. "OK, what are you two up to?" I say.

"Oh, like you don't know," James says. "Mark told me about your little fantasy."

I stared at Mark, stammering, "Oh my God, you TOLD him?? I'm so embarrassed!! How could you do that??" I was glad it was dark out here so neither of them could see me blushing furiously 

"Don't be embarrassed," James said. "I've wanted to have at you since the first time I saw you." He slides over next to me as Mark slides up on the other side. I don't even really have time to say anything before James pulls me back towards him and starts to massage the back of my neck. Mark gets in front of me and starts lightly tracing his hands over my breasts, rubbing the nipples with his fingertips until they start to stiffen. I slip my hands around Mark's neck and start kissing him tentatively, my lips brushing against his and my tongue tracing the contours of his lips. James tilts my head back and starts kissing me on the neck while Mark crushes his lips against mine, parting them with the tip of his tongue and beginning to explore the inside of my mouth. Mark is an amazing kisser and he doesn't disappoint me this time either. I can feel my pussy start to tingle as his tongue flicks mine, and the addition of James kissing and sucking my neck is really getting me going. I take one hand off Mark and reach down and behind me, feeling for James's cock, but he grabs my hand and brings it back up. "Don't rush it baby, we want to take our time with you," he breathes in my ear. 

I kind of moan and press my ass against him, feeling how hard his cock is already and I want to feel that cock in my mouth NOW, but I can see that I'm in for a night of teasing. Mark laughs a little and lowers his mouth to my nipples, which are just above the surface of the water. He holds one of my ample boobs in one hand, massaging the stiff nip while he sucks on the other one. I moan and roll my hips a little bit and momentarily I feel James' hand between my thighs, teasing my pussy with his fingertips. He runs them up and down my slit, barely touching, then slowly he works the swollen lips apart and flicks a finger over my stiff clit. I moan and arch my back, trying to get his fingers deeper into my pussy but he pulls back and just continues to tease me for a while.

"You guys are killing me," I moan, my head still tilted back and my eyes closed.\par 

"Oh we haven't even begun to tease you yet," James says, standing up and turning me around so his cock is right in front of my face. "You want to suck this, don't you?"

I nod vigorously, my mouth watering for that thick cock...it has to be at least 9 inches, about 2 inches bigger than Mark.\par 

"Tell me how much you want to suck it.

"Oh my God, please let me..." I moan.

"Let you what?" 

"Please let me suck your cock," I say. 

He looks at Mark. "What do you think, does she deserve it?" 

Mark waits a minute....a LONG minute.... before nodding. Those bastards, I think, but I'm too horny to care. I wrap my lips around James' thick cock and flick my tongue around the head. I hear him moan a little and know he's loving it so I slide as much of that cock as I can nto my throat and flatten out my tongue, letting it rub back and forth on the underside of his cock. When it's good and wet, I wrap my hand around the base and start sliding it up and down while I suck at the head. I massage his balls with the other hand and when I feel his hand twine through my wet hair and pull it tightly, I know I'm doing a good job. I feel Mark come up behind me, his own cock rock hard against my ass. 

"OK, I can't have all the fun here," James breathes, turning me around toward Mark's throbbing dick. I slide it into my mouth, deep throating his 7 inches, while he holds my hair in one hand and reaches down to play with my tits with the other. James goes for my pussy again and I gasp as he easily slides two and then three fingers into my slit, reaching up with his thumb to rub my stiff nub. Fuck, they're gonna make me cum already, I think as I continue to pump Mark's cock in my mouth. I'm moaning around his cock, rolling my hips back and forth against James' fingers and just as I feel like I'm about to go over the edge, James pulls his fingers out of my pussy as Mark pulls out of my mouth. I groan in frustration, but they both lift me out of the water towards the edge of the jacuzzi. 

"Let's take you inside and give you a proper fucking," Mark says. I am tingling all over as we quickly dry off and head for the king size bed in Mark's bedroom...more than enough room for three people to play. I lay down first and they lay down on either side of me, and in an instant I feel hands all over my body. James is on his knees with that delicious cock once again right in my face, so I turn my head slightly and begin flicking my tongue against the purple head. Mark gets down between my thighs and goes to work on my pussy. He spreads my lips gently with two fingers and lowers his mouth, kissing all around the outer lips before zeroing in on my now throbbing clit. He grazes it a few times with his lips and tongue, but I thrust my hips at him, moaning while I suck James' cock down my throat. Taking my mouth from the cock for just a minute, I tell him to lick my clit...please... before I go back to sucking. He finally does, burying his tongue in my snatch, and then flicking my clit in tight little circles. The fasted he goes on me, the more furiously I suck at James and before long we're both moaning as we get close to explosion. I'm first, taking my mouth off his cock to scream that I'm cumming, still pumping his cock up and down with my fist and in a minute he's moaning for me to suck him, so I stuff his cock back in my mouth just as I feel a stream of hot cum shoot into my mouth and down my throat. I swallow all of it, licking the head of his cock clean while I look up at him. He has an evil smile on his face and I know he wants to cram that cock into my dripping pussy. Mark meanwhile is licking my juices from his lips as he crawls up on top of me. He crushes his lips against mine so I can taste my own sweet pussy and I know it's time to really get down to business. "Get on your hands and knees," Mark says to me and I do, knowing what's gonna come next. Mark kneels in front of me, pulling my hair just hard enough to send a shiver throughout my body. "Suck my cock," he says, looking directly into my eyes. I eagerly start sucking him, while I feel James come up behind me. My ass is high in the air and I feel his hands first on my hips and then kneading my ass. 

"Goddamn Mark, she's got a great ass, doesn't she?" he says, giving one cheek a sound smack. I groan and suck harder at Mark's cock. "Fuck yeah, she does," Mark says, his eyes closed and his head tilted back slightly. "Amazing pussy too...why don't you fuck her and see for yourself." 

I feel my pussy start throbbing again just at the thought of that fat cock sliding into me, but fortunately I don't have to wait long to feel the real thing. He's rock hard again and I'm already dripping wet from Mark's pussy eating, so he has no trouble sliding in, though I can feel my pussy walls stretching to accomodate him. I groan in the back of my throat as he slowly penetrates me, inch by inch until he's balls deep in my cunt. He starts to slowly stroke back and forth and it feels fucking amazing. I push back against him to get all of him as deep inside me as possible and he's hitting my g spot with every stroke. Lost in the sensation of having his huge cock filling my pussy and Mark's tool filling my mouth, I almost don't notice that Mark is close to coming. He grabs my head and rams his cock into my throat and I'm brought back to reality for a minute. He's fucking my throat furiously while James speeds up his own thrusting. 

"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum!!" Mark grunts, spraying his load in my mouth and over my lips. Some drips down my chin and catches my tits before hitting the bed spread. "Jesus Christ, you suck amazing cock," he breathes as he falls back on the bed momentarily. I smile a little, licking his jizz from my lips. My tits swing back and forth as James continues to pound me from behind and Mark just takes in the whole site. Then he looks at James, raising an eyebrow. \par 

"I think it's time to switch places again," Mark says and James replies, "my thought exactly."

Before I can protest, James slides out and lays on his back. "Come over here and ride my cock," he says to me and I'm only too happy to oblige. I straddle him, letting his cock slowly sink into me as I lower all my weight onto him. Mark gets behind me and gently pushes me down onto James, making sure he has total access to my tight asshole. As I start to ride James again, Mark works one and then two lubed fingers into my ass, slowly opening me. I gasp at first, but then relax so he can get me good and lubed up. I look back at him while he fingers me, his other hand stroking his cock back up until it's stiff again. When I'm lubed up, he gets behind me, his hands on my hips, and slowly teases my asshole with the tip of his cock. James starts to massage my clit as Mark works his way into my ass and the feeling is amazing. I roll my hips back and forth, clenching James' cock in my tight pussy as Mark's cock fills my ass. When he's all the way in, the two of them start stroking in unison, filling every inch of me with their cocks. I have never felt so FULL before and the feeling of two cocks in me at the same time, James stroking my clit and Mark kissing and biting my neck, begins to send me over the edge.

"You like having 2 dicks in you, don't know?" Mark whispers. 

"Oh, fuck yes," I moan.

"Yeah, I know you do. You're our little cock slut, aren't you?"

"Uh huh," I grunt. 

"Damn right you are," James says from below me, rubbing my clit furiously while Mark squeezes my nipples. "And you're gonna come all over our cocks, aren't you?" 

"Oh God, yesssss...." I groan. I really am close to cumming and this is putting me over the edge.

"Cum for us," Mark says as they both speed up their thrusting.

It's too much for me. The feeling of both of their cocks working in my holes, my clit being fingered, my nipples being pinched and squeezed. 

"Oh fuck...oh FUCK...I'm gonna cummmmm!!!" I scream and within seconds, I'm coming like I never have before, drenching the bed in girl juice as I explode.

"Goddamn, feel that pussy squeeze....oh fuck, she squirted all over me," James says, smiling up at Mark. "Goddamn that's hot....gonna make me cum too..."

"I know, me too....fuck...FUCK," Mark grunts. 

I am laying on James as I feel both of their cocks get even harder and then Mark pulls out, spraying jizz all over my back as James empties his load into my pussy. James pulls out and some of his cum drips onto my red, raw pussy. We all lay in the tangle of sheets for a while, breathing hard and trying to return to our senses. I really think James will be visiting more often...at least if I have anything to say about it.