 After leaving Leanne and the charms of South Carolina I slowly made my way north into Chesapeake Bay. A large body of water with some occasionally wild weather, it's very beautiful and a cruisers paradise with anchorages and delightful villages galore. I tucked into a completely private anchorage one evening, and after a nice dinner I sat on the back deck with my feet up and gave Ron a call to check in and see how my old handyman business was doing.

"Hey buddy, what's new?" I said.

"Tired man. Some of these women can really wear you out," he laughed. 

"I hear ya buddy," I said. "Everything goin' smooth?"

"Oh yeah, it's great. I can't even begin to tell you how much happier I am than when I was part of a big crew. And when I'm happy, Kathy's happy. So yeah, it's goin' good."

"She's still cool with it all? I mean, the 'extras' and everything?" I asked.

"Yeah, well, she's gettin' plenty of 'extras' of her own," he laughed. "Thanks to Lindsey, it's somewhat controlled. We've been to her playroom a few times since she got back from visiting you — which is totally awesome by the way — and Kath and Lindsey get together quite a bit. They're not switchin' to the lesbian side anytime soon I don't think, but they keep each other satisfied, which is nice for me. Kath doesn't seem to mind my 'work women' — that's what she calls 'em — as long as I don't neglect her. I had to stop goin' to the gym though man. All the girls are workin' me out plenty — I got nothin' left for regular exercise."

"Well that's good to hear," I said. "I was worried how this was all gonna to work out for you two. As crazy as it all is, it sounds like it's working OK."

"So far so good man," he said. "Hey, I worked in Connie's old house the other day. They seemed happy with me, so they'll be new customers I think."

The sudden realization that Connie was gone swept through me in a huge hot flash, and I couldn't speak.

"Steve man, you still there?" Ron asked.

"Yeah... yeah, I'm here," I said quietly.

"Sorry man, I shoulda known that'd be a sensitive subject for you. They're nice folks if that helps, and the house looks good."

"Good, good, I'm glad," I said. "Listen man, I gotta go. I'm shootin' for the first week in May to be home, but I'll talk to you again before I get there."

——————

Grief is a sneaky thing. You think you've gone through the process and satisfied it's needs, and then it can smack you in the head out of nowhere and take you down. That evening, after talking to Ron, I cried like a baby. Being alone, anchored in a cove with no sign of civilization in sight didn't help. The next morning I felt like a wounded man, and a deep depression set in. I knew it was bad — I had been through a serious bout of it in my early twenties when my beloved grandmother passed away, and this felt a lot like that. Back then it took many sessions with a grief counselor to help me work through things. I had no idea what would happen this time, but the first step was to get back to civilization. I was two days from Baltimore, and felt a need to be there, so I pulled up the anchor and pointed the bow in that direction. The steady drone of the engine nearly drove me insane, and my messed up head got worse the first day, but the second day I was able to re-connect with a nice meditative state that cruising alone can give you, and I felt better. Not great, but better. I still felt a need to talk to someone though, something I'd neglected to do in the weeks after Connie's death, and I wanted to see if I could get my head together before returning home to all those memories.

After tying up at a marina in Baltimore I did an internet search for grief counseling, found someone within walking distance, and when I explained my situation she saw me right away.

Her informal 'office' was around the back of her small but beautiful little home, very near the waterfront. The neighborhood had an old world feel, and made me feel good just walking through it. Her name was Tiamo Sopricoush, and she was quite exotic looking, with some sort of Asian accent.

"Mr. Mills?" she asked when she answered her door. "Welcome, I'm Tiamo."

She ushered me into a room crammed full of beautiful plants and colorful artwork. Built into one wall was a salt-water aquarium, with spectacular coral and strange looking creatures swimming about. After some small talk we got right down to it.

"Tell me about your loved one," she said.

"Her name was Connie. I hate saying 'was', but you've heard that a thousand times I'm sure."

"Was it a romantic love, or familial, or friendship?"

"All of the above," I laughed. "She wasn't family, and yet she had a mothering side to her that was comforting and wonderful. But it was really a romantic friendship — I guess that's the best way to put it. I met her through my work — I'm a handyman, although semi-retired at the moment. On hiatus, I guess you could say, thanks to Connie. She left me a big chunk of money, and I don't really have to work anymore if I don't want to, although I think I'm going to go back to it part-time during the summers. I miss it."

"So she was a customer that you developed a more serious relationship with?" she asked.

"Yes. It started with sex. I have, uh... shall we say... physical relationships with quite a few of my female customers. Does that sound terrible? It's actually much more loving than it sounds. They're wonderful, deep friendships, with sex sort of at their core I guess."

"How many women are we talking about?" she asked.

"Ten maybe? I don't know, I've never really thought about it that way."

"And Connie was a different kind of relationship amongst those ten?" she asked.

"Yes, she was. I was very much in love with her. I didn't realize it fully until after she died. A year ago we spent a wonderful winter virtually living together..."

"I get the feeling there was something holding the relationship back. Was she married?" she asked.

"No, she was a widow. It was an age thing and a 'different worlds' thing. I was thirty, and she was in her early sixties. And I'm a blue-collar guy and she was a wealthy socialite, well known and respected in the community. She wasn't ashamed of me or anything like that, and we were seen in public and it was no big deal, but taking the relationship up to a 'we should get married' level wasn't even discussed. We both just knew that what we had was wonderful, and enough."

"Have you had multiple relationships throughout your adult life?" she asked.

"No, just since I started the handyman business, about two years ago."

"Have you ever been in love before?"

"Before Connie? No, I don't think so. I'm in love now though, but I'm trying to fight it," I said.

"Why fight it?" she said.

"It's the opposite situation. I'm thirty-one now, and she's twenty-one and still in college. I don't want her to get tangled up with me right when she's trying to figure out who she is. In a few years, if she wants me, I'll be a happy man."

"Is she one of your customers too?"

"No, my next-door neighbor. This is going to sound totally insane, but I have sex with her mother and her sister too. Not all at the same time. I must sound like a total nut job."

"Well, you're one of my more interesting clients," Tiamo smiled. "So Steve, is it fair to say sex is the driving factor in your life?"

"No. Friendship is the driving factor. But for some reason, in these last two years, my new female friendships have had a big sexual component. It's seemed to happen very organically — I can't really explain it. When I started the handyman business, it put me in their houses, and one thing just led to another. Some of them met each other, and the sexual situations just blossomed. Like a big orgasmic flower," I laughed.

"So these women know each other?"

"They do now, yeah. Some of them did before, but they pretty much all do now."

"So they all know that you're having sex with the others?" she asked.

"Oh yeah, and they have sex with each other, and... it's like one big happy family," I laughed.

"So when you first met them, as handyman customers, did they pursue you sexually, or did you pursue them?"

"I never 'put the moves on them,' if that's what you mean. Like I said, it happened very organically for the most part. Over time though there was a little word of mouth stuff happening amongst certain women, and some of them did pursue me I guess. Connie is one of them. She had heard about me from a friend."

"So when you said they have sex with each other as well as you, did you mean...like, group sex situations?" she asked.

"Yes. Small groups, big groups. It's all been new to me the last couple years. Like I said, it just sort of blossomed.

"And Connie was a part of these group settings?"

"Yes. It was new to her too, but she enjoyed it, very much."

She went on to ask me more about my winter with Connie and the circumstances of her death. She got into the spiritual aspect of it, which I'm not really into, but her 'Shaman' vibe was comforting and definitely made me think. And just talking deeply about Connie made me feel a whole lot better. She made me realize how blessed I am to have the life I do, and the friends I do.

"So how long have you been on the boat Steve?" she asked.

"About five months I guess."

"Has it been difficult being away from your lovers?"

"Not really. Two of them have spent time with me on the boat, and I've met some wonderful women along the way."

"You know, I also work as a sexual healer," she said. "Sort of a sex councilor, but in a more informal, spiritual way. I must say, your views on the sexual aspect of your relationships is very refreshing. So many people are hung up about sex these days, it's nice to meet someone who isn't."

"I used to be just a normal guy in that regard, but the last two years have been a wonderful revelation. My women friends have taught me so much about life."

"That's the most important thing to take from Connie," she said. "The things she taught you about kindness and generosity, about love and intimacy. Those are wonderful gifts that you'll have forever. She'll always be a big part of you."

"Yes she will. I see her often. I see her today in you," I said.

"Thank you Steve, that's the nicest compliment I've ever had. Maybe my age has something to do with it?" Tiamo said, with a beautiful smile.

"Your spirit, and your beauty," I said.

"It's all becoming clearer to me now, why your women friends all fall for you," she said with a little smile.

"I don't think they fall for me, I think I fall for them."

"Yes, very clear," she said with a bigger smile.

We chatted some more and then I felt as if I had taken up enough of her time.

"I want to thank you very much Tiamo," I said as I got up. I extended a hand and took hers in mine. "I feel so much better than I did when I got here. I think I can make my way home now without becoming a basket case."

"Keep your new love in mind, but don't forget your old loves. They enrich our lives even after they're gone," she said.

I paid Tiamo for her time, and she walked me out into her lovely garden. A golden yellow cat glowed in the sunshine and let me rub its soft belly. Tiamo glowed in the sunshine too, in her brightly colored Far Eastern dress. She was laden with gold and silver bracelets, rings and necklaces, which jingled together whenever she moved, and she had jewels in her hair that flashed brightly in the sunshine.

"So, you're at the marina at the end of the road?" she asked.

"Yup, it's a nice half mile walk," I said. "Care to join me? I'd love to show you my boat."

"I'd love to see it," she said with a smile. "Just give me a minute."

Tiamo shut her door and we walked out to the main road and turned toward the pungent salt-water scent of the bay. She surprised me when she took my hand as we walked.

"Human contact is good for the soul, don't you think," she said.

————————

Music swirled through my head like a slow motion dancer, and my whole body felt like the inside of an orgasm. My cock was sliding in and out of Tiamo's pussy, my hands on her hips as she rocked on her knees in front of me. I felt like my whole body was entering her, and being squeezed into orgasmic bliss. It was a spiritual, floating head-rush unlike anything I'd ever experienced. Tiamo's head was down on the softly carpeted floor, and I could see her eyes rolled back and fluttering, like someone would do if they were in very bad shape in a hospital. But she wasn't dying — she was floating too, spinning around a big orgasmic vortex that had us both caught in it's cosmic pull. I tried to focus my vision, but it was distorted and swirling. I felt like I was high up above a brightly lit city, fucking a beautiful woman in the dark night air with thousands of people watching us from below.

"You two are so beautiful," a woman said, sounding disjointed, like her voice was coming from the music and the music was coming from her mouth. I laughed, and Tiamo laughed when she heard me — a deep, smoky laugh that sounded like Marlene Dietrich.

"Marlene! Oh Marlene! I'm fuckin' you baby!" I yelled.

My own voice seemed to come from the music too, and I heard more laughter. I looked around, trying to focus, and could see fleshy bodies everywhere, flying over the city with us. The air was thick with smoke, and my eyes burned.

"Marlene! Oh Marlene! Take another puff baby," the woman said. She was naked and held a long pipe to my mouth and lit it while I inhaled. The taste was like incense and my body turned into a soft, liquid rubber. My cock slipped out of Tiamo, and I stood up and walked onto the cloud above the city. I walked into the plate glass window and laughed hysterically.

We were on an upper floor of a high-end apartment building in downtown Baltimore, smoking opium with a group of Tiamo's friends. They were all were naked and fucking the shit out of each other. I'm talking hot, grinding sex, the kind that you still feel two days later. How we got there I don't remember, but I do remember a nice quiet fuck with Tiamo on my boat that afternoon.

"Marlene! Oh Marlene!" the woman called out to me. I was up against the floor-to-ceiling plate glass window with my arms outstretched. "Come and fuck me baby. That big cocks goin' to waste."

"Waste it!" I said as she dropped to her knees and gagged on my length. 

I fucked her face hard and she could barely breath. Tiamo was riding someone on the floor so hard and so fast it looked like one of those silent movies where they speed up the action, and she came again and rolled off onto her side, her body still bucking with her hand violently rubbing her pussy.

"I gotta have your big fuckin' dick in me Marlene! It's fuckin' huge!" the woman sucking me said.

She bent over a console table in front of the big window and I impaled her pink meat with my rod. I swear it felt like I was a foot long inside her, and she screamed out as I hit bottom. As we hit our stride the pictures and lamp on the table rattled off the edge and hit the floor.

"MOTHER FUCKER! RIP ME OPEN! OHHHH! FUUUUCKKK!!" she screamed as she went over the top, lost in an opium high. My own orgasm reduced me to soft rubber again, my whole being melting and morphing, my cock two feet long and getting longer.

The next thing I knew I was on my back, and one woman, and then another, and then another rode me like rodeo girls, yelling and screaming, with various people playing with their flailing tits, kissing their faces, and sticking dildos in their asses while they fucked me. It was a wild scene, and it went on and on.

"Don't let him cum, I want more!" one off to the side would say, and the rider would orgasm in a blaze of hot fire and roll off the side of me to smolder on the rug as another took her place and rode me hard until they too burst into flame.

Moans and squeals of delight were coming from all around the room, and my mind was a thick, distorted fog, unable to sense the direction of the sounds.

"Oh fuck!" I said, still on my back, as my cock impaled a fiery red-head's ass. There must have been some lube at work, because all of my eight inches made their way in without to much trouble. She was in reverse cowgirl position, and when I was deep in her dark tunnel she leaned back on me with an arched back and our tongues danced together as my hands ravaged her big tits. They were soft and gooey, and my soft rubber hands melted into them. I heard a buzzing noise as someone put a vibrator into her pussy and she screamed into my mouth. The buzz grew louder, and the whole room took off like an airplane, my gaze drifting out the window to the dark night and the city lights floating past. The red-head was driving the plane, and she veered off in a wild banked turn, the buzzing engines straining to keep up. Then she pulled back on the controls and we climbed through the clouds, leveled off for a moment, and then tumbled in a spinning, flipping dive as the city lights got closer. The buzz rose in intensity as our speed increased, and the plane broke apart and sprinkled down like powdered sugar onto warm creme brulee. There was a warm, sweet tasting pussy on my mouth, and the red-head was sitting up, driving her ass down hard on my three-foot long cock as I filled every square inch of the inside of her body. She shrieked a cry of love so visceral it must have been heard throughout the city.

————————

Silence and peace surrounded Tiamo and me in her soft bed, sunlight streaming in through lace curtains. The golden yellow cat was curled up at our side, and jumped up when it heard us stir, purring and hungry for some food.

"How did we get here?" I asked, my eyes squinting and my head throbbing.

"A cab," Tiamo said. 

"What the fuck happened yesterday?" I said, barely able to speak, and still seeing the world off-kilter.

"You made some of my friends and me very happy," she said, caressing my cock with her small hand. "You fuck like an animal. Must be all that practice you get with all your women. I envy them."

"What were we drinking? I feel awful," I said.

"That's the opium," she said. "You'll feel better later. Exercise helps."

She rolled on top of me and tried to get my half hard cock into her.

"Come on baby, I need some more of this before you disappear out of my life," she said.

"Opium..." I said quietly, thinking about it and the implications. "Wow, that's a new one for me. Do you do that kind of thing often?"

The feel of her warm pussy on my torso and a soft kiss had me hard again, and I slipped in.

"No baby, hardly ever. Only on very special occasions," she said. "That was pretty wild last night... God you feel amazing in me."

She sat up on me and moaned as every millimeter of me filled her. She was naked except for her many bracelets and rings, and her necklaces slithered into her cleavage and shimmered, drawing my eye to her lovely tits. Her hair — black with grey at the temples and a grey streak across the top — was messed up and sexy looking. Her body moved like a dancer on me, and looked good doing it. The years had been kind to her.

"How old are you Tiamo?" I asked, as the pleasure wave started to build.

"I'm fifty-eight Steve," she said, starting to breath erratically as she fucked me with more emphasis.

"You're a beautiful woman," I said, nearly at the point when talking wouldn't be an option.

Whatever opium was left in our brains took us to a new place — a place of peace and tranquility, a place of searing passion, a place of love. Tiamo lowered her head and kissed me as orgasms filled our souls with warm light. It was as if we were connected in a cosmic transfusion — the insides of her body flowing into mine, and mine into hers. We rode the warm light together, and floated gently back down to the soft bed.

"Wow," she said softly as her lips broke from mine.
