 It must have been about 1:00 AM when we finished with the previous round of fucking and sucking, and I know I fell asleep almost immediately and I think so did everyone else as they all looked kind of comatose before I closed my eyes. When I woke up Saturday morning the sun was already up, and I looked over at the clock. I saw it was almost 9 o'clock. Mary was the only one still in bed with me and as I stretched out I saw that she was also starting to stir. 

We both looked at each other and smiled, comfortable with our nude bodies and probably thinking about the action of the previous night. I know that I was and, as we lay there for a few minutes, we heard some loud moaning coming from the living room. Mary and I quietly got out of bed and tiptoed to the open bedroom door and looked out into the living room to see Eric and Tonya on the couch fucking furiously. Eric was lying on his back and Tonya was sitting on his huge pole with her back to his face. She was pulling on her nipples as she moved up and down at the same speed that Eric was pounding her cunt. They both appeared to be staring at something in the kitchen as they fucked, and I think Mary and I knew that something was going on in the kitchen with Beth and Sam at the same time. We walked over to the kitchen door and, being careful not to block Eric and Tonya's view, we peered around the doorway to see Beth bent over the kitchen table with Sam right behind her fucking her like a jackhammer. Beth was leaning on her forearms on the table and we could see her tits swinging back and forth as Sam pounded her. After watching them for a few minutes Sam looked up and noticed us peering around the doorway. 

He smiled and as if this was a normal everyday occurrence said, "Good Morning." 

Beth looked up at us also smiling, and said, "Good Morning, this is just so fucking great. I could spend the rest of the day doing this!" 

We all piped in with a, "Me too." 

I reached down and felt Mary's cunt and started to play with her clit. She was very wet, caused I'm sure by the others' activities, and she started to play with my rapidly hardening cock and balls, kneading them with her hand. I looked back and saw that Eric and Tonya were still fucking in earnest and enjoyed the view as Tonya's beautiful firm tits were flopping up and down as the two of them were pounding each other closer and closer to an orgasm. 

I grabbed Mary's hand and we walked into the kitchen. We went to the other side of the table, opposite Beth and Sam. Mary bent over the table, as Beth was, as I started to insert my cock into her steamy cunt from behind. From their vantage point Eric and Tonya could see the four of us in the kitchen, and the four of us in the kitchen had a great view of each other fucking. I reached around Mary and grabbed onto her tits and used them as leverage as I began to pound her harder and harder. The sounds that we were making as we fucked would have made a great sound track for a porno flick, as we pounded closer to cumming again. I heard Tonya from behind us say, "I'm cumming, shoot your load deep inside me." 

Right after Eric yelled, "I'm cumming too," and then they were quiet. 

Beth and Sam were the next to cum with a shaking violent orgasm as Sam emptied his load deep inside of her. I loved watching my beautiful wife cum while fucking someone else and, within a minute or two, Mary and I also orgasmed as I flooded her cunt with my hot load and collapsed against her back. 

Eric and Tonya walked into the kitchen and we all looked at each other beaming with gigantic smiles on our faces. It was obvious that all of us were having the time of our lives. As if this happened everyday, the three women started to make some breakfast and coffee for us all. I could see the cum running down the insides of their legs, and us men had a great view of their well-formed asses as they were cooking breakfast on the stove and making coffee. I was thinking that I must have died and gone to heaven as I thought of the past 12 hours of fucking these three drop-dead gorgeous women and hoping that it wouldn't end. 

As we only had four chairs, the women decided to sit on our laps as we ate. Beth sat on mine and the others paired with their spouses. I could feel the cum dripping from Beth's cunt onto my leg as we ate and I occasionally dipped my finger into her cunt and sucked her juices into my mouth for a little flavoring to my food. 

When we finished, Beth leaned over and gave me a long, lingering French-kiss then said, "Thanks for the most wonderful night of my life." 

The rest of us were quick to join in saying, "Me too." 

I was glad that Beth had started the ball rolling the past evening and that everyone was so comfortable with what had happened. 

Wait!!! It's not over yet. 

It was probably about 10:30 when we finished cleaning up from breakfast and both of the other couples had made plans to be at a barbecue that afternoon at 2:00. I thought that we would probably get dressed and say our good-byes, but I think as the coffee kicked in and the fact that we were all sitting there in the nude, Tonya suddenly said to the group that she thought that what Beth had done with the five of us last night was the sexiest thing she could ever imagine, and she asked if she could be the recipient this morning. The rest of us looked at each other, smiled, and nodded yes, as if we needed much coaxing. 

Mary piped up with, "I want to be the one the next time around." 

We all immediately agreed. With that, we all walked back into the bedroom and got on our king-size bed again. I was anxious to fuck her cunt again and went over and lay down in the middle of the bed. We got into a similar position as we did with Beth. Tonya sat down on her knees facing me, Eric got up on the side of her head so that she could blow him, and Sam got behind her and prepared to ream her tight asshole. Tonya slowly eased her cunt down onto my again rock-hard cock. When she was fully impaled on it, I could see Eric easing his huge black cock into her mouth and feel Sam's big cock with mine as he entered her tight rosebud. 

The three of us started to fuck her openings slowly at first getting into a comfortable rhythm and as we did we started to pick up the pace a little at a time. I guess I wanted to give her the full treatment that Beth enjoyed the night before. Mary moved over to the side opposite Eric and lay down beside Tonya, grabbing her firm tits and pulling on her nipples, making them stand out like little points on her chest. Beth had moved over beside Eric and had stuck her hand between Tonya and me and started to play with Tonya's clit. This was obviously driving her wild as Tonya started to increase her up and down movements on my cock as I did, and I could see and feel Eric and Sam do the same. It wasn't long at this pace, and with the five of us working together, that I could see and feel Tonya experiencing orgasm after orgasm. 

Eric had pulled out of her mouth, maybe from fear of getting hurt or wanting to allow her more freedom to move, and I watched as Beth reached up and started to jerk him off. He pointed his dick at Tonya's face and shot another big load on it and she tried to lap it up as he was spurting toward her mouth. This sparked a violent orgasm by Tonya and not far behind were both Sam and I shooting our loads deep into her cunt and ass. She rolled off of me onto her back and, like the previous night, the other two women descended on her immediately, with Beth lapping up Sam's and my cum from her asshole and cunt and Mary sucking on her tits. After a few minutes of this I could see her go off with another tremendous orgasm. Well, we were finally finished with this fuck-fest. After resting for a few minutes, we all got dressed, hugged and kissed each other good-bye, and promised that we would get together again soon to fulfill our commitment to triple-stuff Mary. 

I was later to find out that none of the women (I knew about Beth) had ever had a girl-to-girl experience before and, as evidenced by their enjoyment that I just described, were eager to pursue it further. My next submissions titled Beth and Friends will describe how they went about furthering their desires for each other as well as the introduction of new couples into our group and our swinging adventures with them.