 Pure romance mixed with humor and hot sex, in two acts, makes for real happiness.....

I was a highschool senior, wrestling and football jock, and downright happy guy. My grades were good to excellent, and I already had a number of really nice athletic scholarship offers from several major colleges, and all before the Christmas break had even arrived. About the only thing that bummed me out was that I had recently broken up with my girlfriend of more than two years. No big loss in the company department because she was the controlling type. But I was horny as any guy could be since I hadn't been laid in nearly two weeks, almost an eternity when measured in high school days and high hormones. Oh, and just for the record, my name is Brad Clifford.

Anyway, the two week Christmas break finally arrived, and I was looking forward to several parties that my friends had scheduled. I was not a happy camper when my mom informed me that her best friend's daughters were throwing a Christmas party, and I was expected to attend. It seems my mom had been doing some serious bragging about "her" son and "his" achievements, and those young ladies, who only lived a short distance away (but in a rival school district), wanted very much to meet "superman."

Well, mom's tend to win any and all arguments with teenage sons, and especially if those disagreements occur anywhere around Christmas. I went to that stupid party under protest, and that's where I met Julie Robbins. She was a senior, like me. She was also the most beautiful girl/woman I had ever had the pleasure of meeting. She had honey blonde hair that smelled sweetly of orange blossoms, crystal-clear blue eyes, a smile that would make a queer go straight, and a body to die for. No fooling! She was 5'7" tall, weighed 118, had a perfect 34-22-34 body, completely complimented by a pair of beautifully matched, long, slender legs. They went all the way to her equally perfect ass, if you know what I mean.

Well, we hit it off right from the start. We talked a lot, and we danced together a lot, with both of us enjoying the slow tunes a lot more than the fast ones. Mysteriously, the DJ began playing a lot more slow songs. (Hey, it was her party, so she got to call the tunes.) And, I had a raging, steel-hard boner (that she seemed to really enjoy rubbing firmly against) from just an instant before I wrapped my arms around her to rub her back and cup her buns for the first time that evening. 

Julie's only complaint during the entire evening was that her sister, Trisha, wasn't there. She was tied up attending to a sick cousin in Buffalo (four hours to the west), and obviously couldn't make it to the party that night. I asked her several times about her sister, who also happened to be her best friend and closest confidant, but all she would say was that she and 'Trish' were a lot alike in so many ways. I figured her apparent vagueness about Trish was simply because she just wanted to wait for me to actually meet her sibling, and I didn't have a problem with that.

The only problem that popped up during the party was three half-drunk classmates of hers who showed up around ten o'clock. They were football jocks, and quickly recognized me as "that fucking linebacker who kept squashing their running backs and intercepting their passes." I was actually expecting it when one of them tried to sucker-punch me a few minutes later. I ducked, dropped him in his tracks with a well-placed front kick, then dropped his two buddies with similar flashy moves, and all before they could cause any damage to me, Julie, any of the other kids, or the party room. Once they had been dragged outside, the party went on without any further interruptions. (Julie whispered later that she was duly impressed with my little manly display.) 

I had already decided that I had to make this girl mine, no matter what. I think she felt the same way about me, because when I asked her out on a date she instantly accepted and asked 'when' with the most beautiful, excited little giggle in her voice. I suggested the next evening, and she gave me her answer with the sweetest, hottest, most delicious french kiss I had ever received from any girl. Her body was form-fitted to mine for the entire eight or ten minutes that the kiss lasted. I was in absolute heaven.

Well, to say that both her's and my parents were excited would be an understatement. I guess the two moms had secretly hoped Julie and I would hit it off. And the next morning I was informed by my mom that Julie and I were expected to make an appearance at our house for photos shortly after I picked her up and before we headed off to dinner at a nearby swanky restaurant. I spent the morning on the phone arranging for a nice bouquet of flowers and an equally nice orchid corsage, and then went to pick both of them up later in the afternoon.

* * *

I picked Julie up right on time, and she, as well as both of her parents, were impressed with the beautiful roses and orchid. Then, after some photos had been taken by her dad, we headed back to my house for more photos. We still managed to make it to the up-scale Chinese restaurant on time, and dinner was both delicious and perfect. The conversation, likewise, was both delicious and perfect as we learned a great deal more about each other.

After dinner I suggested a movie, but Julie asked if we could just find an out-of-the-way spot and "talk." Well, now. Let's see..... In less than a New York minute we were headed to a beautiful (and very secluded) lake that also happened to be my favorite fishing hole. Twelve minutes after leaving the restaurant I shut off the headlights, but left the motor running. We were parked on a high bluff overlooking the entire lake, and it looked absolutely spectacular in the light of the almost full moon high above in an otherwise crystal clear, black sky.

We started off with some serious kissing. By midnight we were both completely naked, and she was ooohing and aaahing over my rather large, thick cock as she gave me a most wonderful hand-job. Since it was her third hand-job and my third cum of the evening the amount of juice I was able to squirt out was somewhat less than when I was fresher. And she had also found rather extensive pleasure as a result of my touches with fingers and tongue. In fact, at one point while I was eating out her sweet little snatch she began a rolling orgasm that almost resulted in overload. It was a full five minutes before she was able to fully regain her breath. And, as a side-note, during my oral and digital ministrations I discovered she was a virgin with a rather extensive hymen.

After we had dressed and before we left that very special spot I explained why I had not attempted to make love to her then and there. It was because 1.) I felt what we had found together in each other was really special, and I didn't want to screw it up (no pun intended), 2.) I though she was the most special girl I had ever met, and while neither of us could possibly know where our relationship would end up at our young ages, I truly hoped it would last a very long time, and I was not against using the 'forever' word with her, and 3.) I was willing to wait indefinitely because I wanted our first time, whenever it might happen, to be very special, which meant in a comfortable bed, and without either of us being rushed for any reason. 

Boy! I sure wasn't prepared for her reaction to that heart-felt spiel. She cried! I mean she actually began to sob as she grabbed me around my neck and held me tighter than I had ever been held and hugged before. I was totally flustered. I was trying to be the perfect gentleman here, and she was not cooperating with the program. I mean, if not fucking her here and now made her act like that, who was I to cause such grief in such a beautiful, young, tender girl. And I was just about to reach up and once again unzip her dress when she managed to whisper in my ear that I was the most perfect guy she had ever met or ever hoped to meet. To quote her as best I can remember, I was the sweetest, nicest, most caring, sexiest, strongest, handsomest, coolest guy that ever lived or breathed. And she felt exactly the same way about our first time, too. She knew right then that I would be her first guy and take her virginity, and she wanted it to be very special, too. Then she started plastering my face with kiss after kiss. My hands froze less than a half inch from her zipper, and I just put them flat on her back and enjoyed her acknowledgment of my perfection.

* * *

Our opportunity to be alone came a lot sooner than I expected. It seems the sick cousin in Buffalo expired rather unexpectedly, and Julie's entire family went up for the funeral. Then Julie and her sister returned to their home while her parents remained behind to console and assist with the adjustments such a tragedy often incurs. Julie called me as soon as the pair got home, and informed me that, for the next four to six days, her and Trisha would be home alone. She also expressed her deepest expectations that I would be able to respond to her location and ravish her for at least most of that time.

Well, I had my own little bit of good luck. My parents had, earlier that fall, won a Carribean cruise at the Methodist Church raffle. I had returned from taking them to the airport just five minutes before her call. In fact I still had the car keys in my hand when I answered the telephone to hear Julie's excited voice. And those keys did not make it into my pocket until after I had locked the car's door in Julie's driveway. It was coming up dinnertime, and I had boosted a bottle of champagne from my parent's supply before leaving the house. I sincerely hoped this would be a day (and night) to remember.

* * *

I got my first surprise of the evening when Julie answered the door. I stepped inside, closed the door and locked it, and then took her in my arms and kissed her as passionately as I could. After some slight hesitation that I sensed more than noticed on her part she returned my kiss with an equal measure of passion. My hands were not idle during this activity, either. I slid them up her sides, then brought them back down with my thumbs rubbing firmly over each of her nipples. I felt her shiver when I did that, and I heard her moan so nicely as I cupped her butt cheeks and squeezed each rather forcefully.

I was so happy to be back in her arms, and I wanted her to know it, too. So that kiss lingered for several long, wonderful moments. When our lips finally parted, I hugged her so tightly, whispered her name several times, and told her how much I had missed her. She whispered back that she wasn't Julie!

I stepped back like I had just received an electrical shock. At the same instant I heard loud, peeling laughter coming from the staircase. I looked over to see Julie standing there, bent over at the waist and laughing her pretty little ass off. I looked back at the girl standing just two feet away with a look of total shock on my face. Then it hit me like a ton of bricks. 'Trisha,' I enquired? And she joined her sister in beautiful, trilling laughter as she began to rapidly nod her head.

Identical twins! And I do mean identical! As they stood side by side I was totally unable to find a single facial feature that I might use to tell them apart. There were none. And none on the arms, hands, or that portion of the legs that I could see. They were as identical as it is possible for two lovely, angelic young ladies to be.

* * *

Dinner was wonderful, and the bubbly hit the spot after the wonderful chicken dish the two girls had whipped up. We sat around talking for a couple of hours, most of it spent with Julie sitting on my lap and wiggling just enough to let me know what would come to pass in due time. Finally, with a little sexual tension in the air, I went off to use the bathroom. When I returned Trisha had already headed for bed. Julie and I kissed passionately for a few minutes before she whispered that it was time for us to go to bed, too. A shiver of excitement ran up and down my spine. Such was my excitement that I immediately stood up and headed for the stairs, my lovely lady cradled in my arms and giggling almost uncontrollably as she begged me to put her down.

Once we were in her bedroom, she excused herself and went into the bathroom. She instructed me to light some candles and be in bed, totally naked, when she returned. Well, what's a guy to do......

She returned a few minutes later to find the room illuminated by eight candles, and me under the covers of her queen-sized bed, waiting. She was wearing the sexiest, totally transparent, yellow baby-doll nightgown ever designed by man. The fluffy hem perfectly covered the junction point of her long, shapely legs, denying me a glimpse of that treasure. To say that I was ready would be a gross understatement. I had never been more ready for love in my entire life. Then she pattered over and slid into bed next to me, and I wrapped my arms around my angel.

Our lips met and locked together immediately, even before we had finished adjusting our bodies so there was absolutely no air remaining trapped in between. And out tongues renewed their acquaintanceship almost immediately, too. Passion began flowing freely in two directions, originating in both her heart and mine. I had never felt so overwhelmed by another's presence as I realized I was with her at that beautiful and very unique moment in time. 

We continued to kiss for quite a while, both of us content to just share our present closeness, before my right hand began roaming over her body. I slid it up her side and then around to her back, letting it slide slowly back down her spine and eliciting a soft sigh from deep within her that I felt more than heard. My hand continued downward to gently cup, then grip her wonderfully smooth and oh so bare butt cheek. Another soft sigh was my reward when I gently squeezed it. 

Finally I left off attending to her butt to slide my hand back to her waist. Then, gently gripping her there, I pulled her and rolled my own body so that she was laying on top of me. And her kissing became almost wild with both intensity and movements of her head for different angles as she took full advantage of the freedom this new position offered her. Her hands went to the sides of my face, her fingers rubbing and feeling from my cheeks, over my ears to the back of my head, and then running through my hair.

I, on the other hand, now had full freedom for both my hands. I slid them down to cup both of her butt cheeks, squeezing and kneading those luscious mounds. That she enjoyed my attention to that part of her anatomy was evidenced by an increase in her activity both at lip level and with her fingers moving all over my head. Since I was thoroughly enjoying what she was doing to my head, I just naturally continued doing what I was doing to her butt, with an occasional finger swipe along her crease, of course. That drove her totally wild.

Finally we were both ready to move to a little higher level. I gripped the hem of her gauzy nightgown and began working it up her body. She, for her part, lifted various parts of her body at the appropriate time to assist me in my efforts. And the garment was soon over her head, off her arms, and somewhere on the floor.

I again gripped her side gently with my right hand and arm, an rolled her and myself over until I was laying on top of her. Then, with a parting kiss, I began working my way down her body. Of course I paused for a substantial period to pay oral homage to every square inch of both of her perky, cone-shaped breasts. I was especially respectful of her nipples, adding more than a few gentle nibbles and a couple of firm bites to both of those sensitive nuggets. Then I moved down further, kissing her naval. When I speared my tongue into that fissure, her squeal of pleasured surprise was enough to wake the dead.

After several minutes spent in that general vicinity, I moved my kisses a little lower until I was over and in her sparse pubic bush. I licked around the edges of that womanly forest until I had made a full circle. Making that oral trip was a real chore, mainly because her hips were now bucking upwards so wildly.

Finally, I was there. My nose was less than an inch from her most prized treasure. Her sweet, womanly aroma was indeed therapy for my over-abundance of hormones. But I wasn't expecting her to do what she did when I moved forward rather rapidly to jam my tongue onto her clit and then into her vaginal opening. She screamed! I mean, she let out the loudest scream of surprised pleasure that she was capable of, without a doubt rattling every window in the house and many in the surrounding neighborhood. And she came, too. Her first orgasm of the night, and it was an intense mind blower of an orgasm if her bouncing hips, thrashing arms and head lashing from side to side were any kind of accurate indicator.

I was unaware at first that we were both now bathed in the bright light of the overhead lamp. But when the new brightness did gain my attention, I raised my head from Julie's womanhood to glance over to my left where Trisha was standing in the open bathroom door. She was looking intently at the two of us. Without comment I went back to work on the beautiful pussy in front of me, immediately causing a series of moans to escape from deep within my love's breast.

I opened my eyes to glance up at Julie's head, hoping to see some kind of physical reaction to my oral efforts. I was not disappointed. Her head was still rapidly flopping from side to side on the pillow, and her squirming hips and legs were becoming harder and harder to control. I also noticed that the overhead light had been turned off, but a quick glance to the left revealed that Trisha was still standing there in the open doorway.

Just then I managed to capture Julie's greatly extended clit with my lips. I released it only to begin rapidly vibrating my lips on it. She reacted with another scream and what appeared to be the complete levitating of her body by several inches off the bed. She was actually attempting to jam her pelvis into my mouth in her efforts to increase the sensations of pleasure she was now receiving. And I was more than willing to accept her offering, increasing my oral action as I again vibrated my lips on her clit.

After she had experienced four or five orgasms, I began sliding up her body, kissing everywhere as I traveled, intent on now claiming my prize. But when I finally reached her head and we once again began kissing with exuberant passion, and as I was nestling comfortably between her widely spread legs, I realized Julie had other ideas.

She pushed me over until she was once again on top. Then, after some more wonderfully tender kissing, she began her own mission, kissing her way slowly down my body. When she reached my nipples, she did exactly what I wasn't expecting. After a few gentle licks with her tongue, which had my chest buds as hard as her own.... she bit me! It wasn't too hard a bite, but it sure caught my attention in a most memorable surprise! My cock was literally throbbing from that point on, and I think she knew it, too.

After what seemed like an eternity, she continued her downward travels. She paused to kiss and lick my navel, but thankfully for not too long. And after leaving that crevice, she moved down to where the head of my cock was only an inch or so from her lips. Her gentle, warm breath on that sensitive appendage in its current condition was almost more than I could take.

She grasped my cock with both her hands and lifted it until it pointed straight up. Then, she lowered her head until she had taken the head inside her mouth. And for the next five minutes, which seemed like an equal number of hours, all she did was swirl her tongue around it and suck it oh so gently. The sweet, electrical sensations I was feeling were absolutely maddening. 
