 Midway through April I pointed Connie's bow into the mouth of the Hudson River, and eased my way closer to home. After my time with Tiamo in Baltimore I felt revived, and the rest of my time in the Chesapeake and up to New York City was wonderful. New sights every mile of the way, and nice people at every stop. I had reserved a mooring for three nights at the 79th St. Boat Basin, right in the heart of Manhattan, and met up with an old friend. We hit some cool restaurants and music clubs, and had a great time prowling the big city.

It was with great anticipation that I entered the Hudson, feeling like I was back on 'home turf' after a long journey. The Hudson Valley is spectacularly beautiful, and the villages along the way were a delight. I reached the federal lock at Troy, New York — the entrance to the Erie Canal — on the first of May, opening day for the season.

What a fantastic experience it was making my way across the state on the canal. From my camp I had watched others do it, and dreamt about it someday being me, and here it was . . . reality. I tied up to my dock just before noon on a beautiful spring day, greeted by a 'Welcome Home' sign pinned up to the gazebo. I had traveled almost three thousand nautical miles in the good ship Connie, and the spirit of my dear departed friend had kept us safe and happy the whole way.

"Ronnie, I'm home buddy," I said into the phone after opening up the camp and airing things out.

"Stevie! That's great man! Everybody's been lookin' forward to you gettin' back. Not the least of which Kathy. She figures since I got all my 'work women' she can tap into you a little more often," Ron laughed.

"Ha!" I laughed. "See what you got yourself into?"

"Hey man, it's cool," Ron said. "I know you won't steal her away. Don't be surprised if she calls you up to come change a light bulb."

"So how's business?" I asked. "You still need a helper this summer? I've kinda missed it."

"Absolutely man!" he said. "I've been runnin' ragged, and I'd love to have a little free time now that the weather's gettin' nicer. How soon you wanna get started?"

'Whatever you need man," I said.

"I was hoping you'd say that," he said. "I'm just catchin' a burger at Micky D's right now, but I think I bit off more than I can chew this afternoon. Can you take a new customer at two o'clock?"

"Love it man!" I said. "I know it sounds crazy, but I've been looking forward to a change of pace from the leisure life."

Ron gave me the info and I checked my tools and made sure my truck started up. I wanted to spread the word to my friends that I was home, but I didn't have time to sit on the phone, so I called Lindsey while I made some lunch. She loves being the social center, and she loves the telephone, so I figured she'd spread the word for me.

"Hi Linny, I'm home," I said.

"Hi baby!" she said. "Oh man, am I glad to hear that! We all missed you so much!"

"I missed you too sweetie," I said.

"So how's Marta doing with Johnny?" she asked. "Have you talked to her?"

"Yeah, just last week," I said. "They were in L.A. doin' a bunch of shows, but they're heading back East for the summer. It's been going great for them. They've written a bunch of songs, and they're doing some recording."

"I can't believe how great that worked out," Lindsey said. "She's such a sweetie."

"Yeah," I said. "I would have loved to have had her with me the whole time, but yeah, I agree with you, it's pretty awesome."

"I know you miss her, but every time we talked you never seemed too lonely. The great handyman lover, fucking his way up the East Coast," she laughed.

"Well I wouldn't go quite that far, but yeah, it was a fun trip," I said. "Especially when you were with me. We had some times, didn't we?"

"We did baby," she said wistfully. "We sure did."

"Listen, I gotta run," I said. "Ronnie's swamped today and I'm gonna help him out with a customer. Can you spread the word that I'm home, and I'll talk to you later, all right?"

"Bye baby," she said. "Can't wait to see you."

————————

I knew Lee would see the boat at the dock, so I left her a note and wheeled the old truck up onto the highway. It felt very odd to be driving at speed again, after covering so much distance at eight miles-per-hour on the water. I pulled up in front of the nondescript country house Ron had given me directions to, and a tired looking woman about my age came out to greet me.

"Hi, are you Ron?" she asked.

"No, Ron's my partner," I said. "I'm Steve."

"Hi Steve, I'm Ginny," she said. "I'm glad you're here. Somebody tried to break into my house last night. The cops were here, the helicopter was flyin' around — it was crazy."

"Oh man, that's scary," I said. "Were you here?"

"No. I was just getting home," she said. "I manage the wait staff at the clambake place down the road, and we had a late party. I think whoever it was ran off when I got here. Anyway, I want you to fix this doorjamb today, and then if you can get me some better locks and come back and install them that'd be great."

"Yeah, sure, we can fix you up," I said, looking over the damage. "It'll be a little bit temporary tonight, but I'll be back tomorrow to make it look nice and do your locks."

"I think I might get an alarm system too," she said. "I can't have this shit happening with me being alone out here."

"I don't blame you," I said. "Let me grab some tools, and I'll get started."

I roughed in a solid repair, made a list of doorstop and weatherstrip pieces I'd need to finish it, and Ginny walked me through her cute house to show me the other door and window locks. By the time I had everything listed she was much more relaxed.

"Would you like an iced tea or a beer?" she asked.

"Well you're my only customer this afternoon, so yeah, I won't turn down a beer," I said with a smile.

"Good," she said. "The longer I can get you to stay, the less time I have to be alone and nervous tonight."

Ginny's cuteness was starting to shine through her tired eyes. She grabbed two beers from the fridge and we sat on her back deck.

"So is this gonna be expensive?" she asked.

"Nope, new customers get fifty percent off the labor on their first job," I said.

"Nice! That'll help," she said with a smile. She took a swig of her beer and eyed me. "You married Steve?"

"Nope," I said with a little smile. "You Ginny?"

"Nope," she said, with a 'I hope what's happening here is what I think is happening' look on her face.

I couldn't help but think how easily I'd fallen into the old routine, and how good it felt.

"So how's the clam business?" I said.

"Ugh! If I never see another clam I'll die a happy girl," she said. "Busy though, and the money's pretty good." She gave my face a long look. "You look familiar, have you been there for a clambake."

"I was once, but it was four or five years ago," I said. "It was good. I liked it."

"I think I've seen you somewhere," she said, still studying my face. "Bars maybe? You a music fan?"

"That's probably it, yeah," I said. "I get out to the clubs for shows quite a bit. Not this past winter though — I was traveling."

"A handyman that can afford to spend a winter traveling? What's up with that?" she said with a surprised smile. "You sure this job isn't gonna be expensive?"

"I promise," I said. "No, I came into an inheritance and semi-retired. The business was mine and Ron bought it from me. I'm gonna travel winters and work with him when he's busier in the summer. Should work out good for both of us. I just got back this morning as a matter of fact. You're my first customer since last fall."

"You just got back today?" she said, surprised. "You haven't even seen your sweetheart yet? Or did she go with you?"

"That's kind of a long story, but . . . a few of them spent time with me," I said.

"How many are there?" she asked with big surprised eyes.

I took a big swig of my beer and smiled. "Gettin' personal huh? Okay, but I'll have to ask you some personal stuff if I answer that one."

"Deal," she said with a nice smile, and she downed her beer. "More beer first."

"So, how many sweethearts?" she asked when she returned with two cold ones.

"On the boat this winter? Two visited me, and I met a few more along the way," I said.

"Wait, you went on a cruise or something?" she asked. "What boat are we talkin' about?"

"My boat" I said. "It's an old wooden cruiser that I live on in the winter."

"Nice!" she said. "So two? That's your local harem? That's not so bad."

"No, that's just the two that flew down to see me," I said. "There's . . . ah . . . a few more."

"Pray tell, where do you meet these ladies," she said, looking at me with her head cocked and a sly smile, like she already knew the answer.

I smiled. "They started out as customers."

"I knew it!" she laughed. "Oh man, this is too funny! And here I am hoping something will happen between us. I guess I picked the right phone number in the yellow pages this morning." She laughed some more.

"Okay, my turn," I said. "What's your male harem consist of?"

She just about spit out her beer and laughed hysterically.

"Ha!" she said. "That's rich! I gave up trying to 'get any' two years ago, after yet another dork with a needle dick picked me up in a bar after I'd had too many. It really shouldn't be so difficult to have a nice evening of sex, but it's a fuckin' struggle, let me tell ya. Is that personal enough?" she laughed.

"Yeah, that'll do," I laughed. "Jeez, what's the matter with the guys in this town if you struggle like that. I mean you're plenty cute, great smile, nice, ah . . . lady parts."

"Ooo, you are a sweet talker," she laughed. "I hope you're gonna do somethin' with these lady parts, 'cause you're makin' me horny as hell."

She took another swig of beer and looked at me with twinkling eyes.

"Come with me you big stud," she said with a big smile, as she got up and took my hand. "Jesus Christ, what the hell did I get myself into," she said, looking back at me, smiling and shaking her head as she led me to her bedroom.

"Your lower lady parts look nice from back here," I said with a smile.

"Why thank you," she said with a big ass wiggle. "Guess I'm joining your harem. What the hell . . ." she said, shaking her head again, like she couldn't quite believe what was happening.

We got to her bedroom, and it was a shambles.

"As you can see, I was not expecting this," she said, as she tossed clothes off the rumpled bed. "All right," she said, turning toward me, "let's see what all those women were after."

She dropped to her knees, unfastened my old faded work pants, and pulled everything down in one pull. I was only slightly chubby at that point.

"Ooo, this is promising," she said, smiling up at me. "I can hardly remember what these things taste like, it's been so long."

"Someone told me 'nectar of the Gods,' but I don't have any first hand knowledge," I said with a smile.

She laughed hysterically again. "You're a funny one," she said, massaging it with her hand. "Damn! This things gettin' big!"

It went into her mouth, and she moaned like someone tasting a hot fudge sunday after being on a diet for two years.

"Oh fuck yeah!" she said, stroking my fully hardened length. "And all I had to do was call a fuckin' handyman!," she said, shaking her head again. "I'm sorry, but I'm gonna skip the damn foreplay. I gotta feel this thing in me."

She gave it one last quick suck and stood and quickly got her clothes off. She got on her hands and knees on the edge of the bed and looked back at me over her shoulder.

"Give it to me big boy," she said. "Don't be surprised if you have to scrape me off the ceiling."

She was already panting before I even touched her, and her pussy glistened with wetness. I hadn't been with a woman for a few weeks, so I was plenty ready too. I pressed into her and her voice went up an octave.

"Oh yeah! That's it!" she said. "Fuck!"

A woman like Ginny, who obviously loved it but hadn't had it in two years or so, needed me to give her my best and I did. I fucked her hard, with every trick I'd learned over the years, and she came like a wild woman. I somehow managed to hang on and she rolled onto her back, gasping for breath, her muscles still jerky. She pulled her legs up next to her chest, her pussy open and ready for me.

"Do it again baby," she gasped. "Right now."

I plunged back in and the intensity level was right back on high. 

"Oh my God!" she gasped, her burning eyes locked on mine. "FFFFFUUUCCCKKK!" she screamed as I hit her with the most rapid-fire thrusting in my repertoire. She grunted loud, like a big animal, and lost herself in orgasmic bliss again. I was lost in it myself, and pulled out and came all over her belly and tits, my first pent-up squirt flying all the way to her chin.

"Oh ffffuck," she said quietly, looking at the ceiling, not moving a muscle.

I dropped to my knees and gave her pussy a gentle lick.

"Oh my God," she said, and her moans went up an octave again as I continued to lick.

I brought her to another, quieter orgasm, and when it was through with her she just lay there, eyes closed, whimpering quietly, lost in some kind of a dream.

"I get the feeling you needed that," I said quietly.

"Oh . . . you have no idea . . ." she said even quieter.

———————

When I got back home I went next door to say hi to Lee. She had just finished a difficult shift at the hospital, and was beat.

"You're a sight for sore eyes," she said with a lovely tired smile, and we embraced.

"So are you sweetheart," I said. "I missed you. I wish you had come to visit me over the winter."

"Looking back on it now, I feel like I should have," she said. "I guess I didn't want to upstage Becka. I know what seeing you meant to her."

"You know, I don't think she would have minded," I said. "She's very cool about you and me. Even told her friends about it."

"She what?" Lee said, surprised. "I don't know if I like that idea. People are gonna start thinking we're all nut jobs."

"No, it wasn't like that at all," I said. "Hanna and Megan are cool. And they're sorta part of the family now too."

"Steven Mills!" she said, sounding stern but with a partial smile on her face. "Did you have sex with all of those girls? I guess I should have known," she said, shaking her head but still smiling. "What am I gonna do with you . . ."

"A glass of wine and a slow fuck?" I said. "I seem to recall you like that kind of thing."

"Give me half an hour to clean up," she said with an even bigger smile.

————————

The next day I finished up Ginny's door frame and installed some better locks on her doors and windows. She was at work, but hid a key outside for me to get in. While I was cleaning up Lindsey called.

"Hi Steve," she said.

"Hey Linny, how ya doin'?"

"I'm good. You working today?" she asked.

"Yup, new customer from yesterday. Just finishing things up. She should be home from work pretty soon."

"You sound happy. She good in the sack?" Lindsey asked, with a smile in her voice.

"Ha!" I said. "What's that, your woman's intuition or something?"

"You have any plans yet for Saturday night?" she asked.

"Nothin' yet," I said. "I'd love to get together with you if you want."

"Good," she said. "I want to have a playroom party to welcome you home."

"Cool, who's gonna be there," I asked.

"I'm just starting to gather people, but I figured I better check with you since you're the guest of honor," she said. "Ron and Kathy are in, and Julia and Carol. Barb and Ed can't make it, Greta's traveling, and Ronnie said Penny can't make it. I wanted to invite your friends Chrissy and Ally — I still haven't met them yet."

"They're both married, so I don't know if they'll be able to make it or not," I said. "I'll get in touch with them and find out."

"We always need more guys at these things, so can you call your friend Mark?" she asked. "Ron's got a friend he used to work with that he's gonna invite too. Anybody else you can think of?"

"My neighbor Lee's been seeing a guy. I want her to be there, and maybe she'll invite him," I said. "And this new girl Ginny. I'm in her house right now. She's a lot of fun, and she's been struggling with her sex life lately. I don't know if she's into groups, but I bet she'd love it."

"Okay Steve, let me know who you get," she said. "Eight o'clock Saturday, OK? I'll let you get back to work."

"Bye Linny."

As soon as I hung up Ginny got home.

"This is too nice coming home to you," she said. "I could get used to this." She paused for a moment and looked at me across the room. "I want to come over and hug you. Would that be too much?"

"Are you kidding? You're one of the harem now," I said, walking to her and kissing her.

"I'm surprised at myself for liking the idea," she said, wrapping her arms around me.

"Before I forget, I just got off the phone with a friend of mine who's planning a party Saturday night. How do you feel about orgies?" I asked with a smile.

Ginny tried to stifle a laugh, but it broke through, and she had an 'Are you serious?' look on her face. I waited for an answer.

"Seriously?" she giggled.

"Yeah," I said. "Trust me, it's a lot of fun. Her name's Lindsey, and she built — well, I built — this room in her house just for, shall we say, amorous gatherings. It's pretty awesome."

"So . . . how many people are we talking about," she asked, looking very unsure of the whole idea.

"It sounded like maybe seven or eight women and five guys," I said. "But I totally understand if you're not into it. That's cool. Think it over though. It's a ton of fun, and after what you told me yesterday, a little zing in your sex life might be good for ya."

"You call gettin' fucked by a bunch of guys I just met in front of a bunch of other people 'a little zing'?" she asked with a nervous giggle. "Wow, I guess I've led a sheltered life."

"Not to mention the women," I said. "They've all got talented tongues. You might go places you've never been. Maybe even discover some new planets while you're out there."

"Jesus, you should be a salesman," she said.

"Get your orgies here!" I said in a loud carnival barker voice. "Saturday night! Free admission with this golden ticket!"

Ginny burst out laughing. "How the hell am I supposed to resist you?" she said. "You're fuckin' irresistible. All right, I'll go to your orgy. Don't be surprised if I cling to you though — it's gonna take every once of courage that I've got."

"I wouldn't steer you wrong Ginny," I said. "These are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet. You'll feel comfortable in no time. It's at eight Saturday night. We'll meet somewhere so you can go in with me. Wear some nice lingerie. Lindsey likes it when everybody wears their best sexy stuff."

"This is crazy," she said, shaking her head again. "Do you realize you've turned my life completely upside-down in twenty-four hours time? Fuck."

"Don't mind if I do," I said, and I picked her up and carried her to the bedroom.

————————

Saturday afternoon rolled around, and everyone but Chrissy had accepted Lindsey's invitation. I was disappointed, but figured it would be difficult for her to do that kind of thing. Even though it was out of her way, Ginny wanted to meet at my camp. She was nervous, and relaxing with me and meeting Lee ahead of time would be good for her. Lee was nervous too — she was at Penny's painting party and got a taste of the big group thing, but Connie's death cut that short and she never got to experience the full-on wildness of a close quarters orgy. And bringing the guy from work she'd been seeing made her nervous too, but she decided to do it.

Ginny came over at five o'clock and I showed her around the place and gave her a tour of the boat. She fell in love with the old girl, as everybody does. For that reason alone Connie's name on the old boat was fitting. Lee and her gentleman friend came over and the two girls hit it off immediately. Their personalities are very much alike, even if they look like opposites — Lee a svelte, blue-eyed blond, and Ginny a more robust dark-eyed brunette.
