 One.

I stood in front of the mirror for a final check before my friends arrived with the limo. The person that stared back at me, wow, is not who I expected. I have gotten dressed up before but never have I felt so sexy and beautiful. My long, silky, chocolate brown hair fell in soft curls to the middle of my back. My make up was fresh and natural with just a hint of red color on my lush lips. Red crystal drop earrings sparkled as I fluffed my hair. The short denim skirt hugged my curves to perfection and the black poet shirt with the top three buttons left undone, added a sexy, feminine quality. My DD breasts were encased in a sheer black lace bra that allowed freedom of movement, not much support, but hey what can I say it feels so nice and the matching black thong constantly reminded me I was practically naked underneath. Three inch black heels added to my 5 foot 4 inch height, and the devilishly red toe nail polish finished the look.

Ding dong, the doorbell chimed. I quickly spritzed on my favorite perfume. With a final wink of my root beer colored eyes, and a dimpled smile at myself in the mirror, I headed to the front door, excited about a night at the dance club. It was just the way to begin the New Year. One would think that at 40 years old I would have gone to a club before, but not me. I had married at 18 and then had children, what can I say, it just never happened. So now here I am divorced for two years and have a chance to do the things I should have done in my youth. 

The four of us climbed into the black limo. The door was held open by a gorgeous, 30 something man. He was above average height, about six foot six; his dark blue suit fit his slender muscular frame nicely and a chauffeurs cap atop his slicked back hair. I greeted him with a smile as I slid into the seat. Our eyes locked. I could feel a subtle tingle throughout my body as he returned my smile. He reached across me to make sure my seat belt was secure. Not exactly something I thought was in his job description, but hey...it was nice to have male hands on me, even if for just a moment. I breathed in his sexy spicy scent, part cologne, part his own unique smell. It made me slightly dizzy with lust. He closed the door.

We headed to the City for a night of fun. We popped the cork on the champagne and toasted to the night ahead. 

"To US and a night to remember," I said. Just as the last word left my mouth, I look up and catch the driver as his intense gazed looked at me from the rearview mirror. I shivered in awareness; the sexual energy that I denied myself for such a very long time was in full bloom.

"To US, "their happy reply affirmed.

We all giggled, giddy with excitement. I looked at my friends, amazed at the beautiful women that have been there for me through all the good, bad and ugly. We have known each other since the sixth grade. Jen, tall and slender with curly blonde medium length hair, is married. Her hubby is going to meet us at the club. Kat, average size and height, luscious long rich coco brown hair and cute freckles sprinkled across her nose is in a relationship. Her boyfriend is out of town on business. Last but not least is Ally, short, sexy red hair, plump hour glass figure and single. We laughed and chatted as we drove towards our destination. 

"Ok everyone, we are going to have to do this a bit different this year," Ally said, "Here's some paper and pens. It's time to write down everything you want to let go of from the past and to write your hopes and dreams for this wonderful new year. Instead of the fireplace, we can torch then with this." She smiled as she held up her lighter. "I think we should burn them when we arrive. I know it's a bit early but hey, girls gotta do what girls gotta do."

I contemplated what I wanted to write. I tapped the pen on my lips. I have worked hard on myself these last few years since my divorce and feel like I am headed in the right direction. Once my decision was made I quickly finished. I reviewed what I have written; I wanted to let go of; the first was my marriage and the damage I spent two years with my nose in self help books to resolve. Second my body image, ok so I'm chubby, but I am healthy. Third is my shyness. I want to be able to socialize better, not be such a wall flower in larger groups. Now for my hopes and dreams; one, ok silly but I want to win the lottery....I know I write it every year but, you never know when it might work. Two, sex, sex and more sex.....I have not been with any man other than my ex. The sex, yes SEX we shared was mostly one sided. I felt more like a servant than a partner most of the time and I want to experience more...a lot more. It's been much longer that I cared to count. I want to fulfill some of the fantasies I have. Third, to hell with the third.....what more is there .....Sex and money....love will come later...it's all about me this New Year.

Here are at last, we gazed out the window at the entrance where many people mingled about. He opened the passenger door on the driver side this time. One by one we climbed out of the limo. Each and every time the sexy driver wished us a wonderful evening as he helped us from the car. When it was my turn, I scooted to the edge of the seat, my skirt rode up to my upper thighs, I leaned forward to grasp the drivers hand, I looked up into his deep blue eyes and noted he had a birds eye view down my shirt. My large tits swayed with my movement. I felt the heat as a bright red flush crept up my neck and face. He smiled at me. I shyly smiled back embarrassed. 

"Nice," he whispered as he tugged my arm to assist me out. I pushed with my legs. With a little too much strength, his or mine I'm not sure, I surged from the black car right into his solid chest. My nipples instantly hardened at the unexpected electric contact. His arm caught me around the waist to steady me and for just a moment we were intimately close. I could feel his swollen package against my lower abdomen. My head came up and he dipped his head next to mine and inhaled softly as if to savor my essence.

"Ummmm, you look and smell very sexy," he whispered for my ear alone.

I separated our bodies and with a final grin. I smoothed my skirt to make sure it was back where it should be, suddenly conscious of just how short it was. "Thanks." I winked at him as I replied. My perfume, Very Sexy by Victoria Secret was indeed an attitude I adopted for the night ahead. I planned to enjoy it immensely. He stepped aside and retreated to the door of his limo, he stood at ease, as he observed our yearly ritual. 

We gathered together in a tight circle in front of the club and lit our papers.

"Ouch!" I yelped, as the heat of the flame kissed my fingers. I shook my hand to extinguish it and dropped the paper. I watched it flutter to the ground, time to let go of my fears and enjoy. We engaged in a group hug and entered the building. The driver watched as we made it safely inside. He called after us, "Have a great time, be safe." As he opened to door, he dropped his keys and bent to pick them up. We, I never saw the mischievous grin and twinkle in his eyes. He rubbed his hands together in anticipation as he planned the rest of his evening now that he was done with work.

Two.

The first thing we did was split up, two to the bar for drinks and two to secure a place to park for the night. With Ally in the lead we pushed our way through the crowd. I had always been a little fearful in crowds; I get anxious when the bodies invade my personal space just a bit to close. Ally grabbed my hand and tugged my along when she sensed my discomfort. How she always knew I will never know. I twisted my body sideways through two cute guys. I tried to roll my shoulders forward enough to pull my chest inward but the space was to narrow and my tits brushed against a very male chest. My nipples tingled in arousal. I pulled back and bumped into a very hard male groin. A hand cupped my shapely ass; it squeezed gently a few times. I shivered. I loved the feel of sexual arousal more than my fear of being trapped in a closed in space. Not that I liked being groped, but I did want to experience more sex, what's wrong with a little foreplay, who says there has to be a conclusion. Before I could make a comment to the two of them, Ally pulled my arm again and I landed in a small clear spot next to the bar. Oh the possibilities......was my first thought.

We quickly caught the bartender's attention and ordered the drinks. Once again we wove our way through the many bodies, on the look out for Jen and Kat. A pair of hands wiggled above heads like a beacon. We joined them at the cozy booth in the corner, shocked at the great spot she found. 

I looked at Jen and shouted over the music and verbal chatter, "How?" 

"What can I say the table fairies have blessed us tonight." She giggled and sat down.

Again we toasted to a night of fun. A soft kiss on my head startled me. I looked back to see Jens husband. He greeted us each the same as he reached over and around us in the booth. When he reached Jen, he pulled her up flush against his body, chest to chest, hip to hip and groin to groin. I could detect a slight pump of his hips as he captured her face between his large hands and kissed her thoroughly. The heat and sexual energy that radiated off them washed over our little group. We groaned in unison, here we go again.

"Get a room," Kat sighed. Those two had a love that always stayed fresh and exciting even after ten years of marriage. 

"WOW! You got here much sooner than I expected," Jen said, happy to see him.

"I know, I just couldn't stay away any longer, "Jack replied.

Jack was the same height as Jen, with a stocky build and sexy broad shoulders. 

The night continued on full of laughter and merriment. The alcohol flowed freely although no one was drunk, I could tell that we could all feel the buzz. Suddenly Kat jumped up in excitement as her husband of 4 years joined the group. He was a large man; the term big and tall fit him perfectly. He must have been at least 280, all muscle. Kat opened her mouth to speak but was interrupted when Sam spoke.

"I caught an early flight and thought I would surprise you." His Cheshire cat grin shined on her. 

"And what an awesome surprise it is too." She said excitedly. 

Ally and I scooted out of the booth to allow Sam to sit next to his wife. It was an intimate, cozy fit with the six of us. We are a happy bunch, not only tonight but for as long as we have been together. With each new addition to our fabulous foursome, our friendship and love for one another has grown. Ally and I are the hold outs. As much as I want to indulge in my sexual fantasies I also want to find a man to share my life with and I know Ally wants to find her soul mate too.

We watched as they kissed deeply, a bit of tongue, a few nibbles, damn, its hot in here I thought as I waved a hand in front of my face. The sexual energy rose a bit higher. I reveled in the glow, a bit envious of the two couples. My time will come. I smiled secretly to myself, tonight is not about love....its about yummy sex. 

I turned my attention to the dance floor. The room was awash in a warm glow. Everyone seemed to be full of joy and fun, excited about a new year. I panned the room for possibilities. A tall, six foot six man captured my attention. He was dressed in my favorite combo, denim jeans, which caressed his slender frame. He has a nice tight, rounded ass. A black silk dress shirt turned up at his wrists. The V at his neck exposed wisps' of black hair that sprinkled his muscular chest. His dark wavy hair was pulled back with a leather tie. My body reacted to his magnetism. He is so sexy. I imagined the path of drool as it ran down my face. I wet my lips with a slow, moist sweep of my tongue. I could just eat him up I thought. Our eyes locked for a brief moment. I looked down, then up again and batted my eyelashes and smiled. He began to move toward me. Excited I watched his progress. He kept his eyes on mine. I could sense the attraction between us. It was raw and needy, not something I was used to. Time seemed to slow way down as I admired his casual stride toward me. I was enraptured. My breath grew short, pant like, I could feel the blush as it settled over my soft skin. My heart beat increased. My eyes traveled up his broad chest as he reached the table to stop next to me. I looked into his deep blue eyes, a vague sense of recognition slipped quietly away.

"Care to Dance?" His rich, deep voice rolled sweetly out. 

I held out my hand. His warm grasp captured mine and he helped me up. A Dejavu moment to be sure. I was spellbound and couldn't speak. I was so draw to him. I just allowed him to take control. I could hear the sudden quiet of our group as if in a vacuum. You know when everything just closes in. It was as if it were just the two of us...the heat... the spark...it was palatable to everyone. He led me to the dance floor, I barely noticed as I bumped from person to person in the packed club. When had it changed to a slow sensuous Luther Vandross ballad I wondered vaguely? Mesmerized, I was captured into his embrace. Our hands entwined as he tucked them close to his chest, snug between my full, soft mounds. His free arm gathered me close against his body. My pulse quickened. I shivered as he snaked his hand slowly down my back to rest low, just above my crack. His fingers brushed the upper curve of my ass. My puss pulsed and leaked its sweet nectar as it soaked the minute scrap of lace between my thighs.

I swear I could smell the scent of arousal. Delicious! My nipples were hard as pebbles as they gently rubbed his silky shirt. He pressed closer with a counter rub. My free hand slid up his arm. My hand caressed in a soft glide around his shoulder and up his neck to sink into his bound hair. I curled my fingers to cup his head, a simple scalp massage, a bit of friction as I rubbed in small circles. I could feel the low growl as it vibrated and moved up from his belly and out full soft lips. Oh how I wanted those lush lips on mine. 

Our gaze riveted, he leaned close as if to kiss me...I waited...breathless...closer...I lowered my eyelids...closer...just when I sensed contact, he whispered, "not yet", and placed a sweet magical kiss upon my lips. He tenderly licked my bottom lip and nibbled just before he broke contact. 

I sagged against him, disappointed. He chuckled, "The night is still young," he softly whispered into my ear. I shivered, my ears a very sensitive, erogenous zone. He hugged me tight against him and I breathed in his spicy cologne. My arms circled his waist and I answered with a full frontal press of my tits. I circled and wiggled to relieve the need for him to suck my hard nubs. I rocked my pelvis forward to show him I was agreeable to wherever the night might lead.

"Can you excuse me for just a moment? I need to use the little girl's room. I'll be right back, don't go any where." I flirted. The thoughts that ran through my head as I quickly exited the warmth of his presence...oh my ... what I am doing...

Three

He met me at the edge of the dance floor and swung me into his arms.

"I think I should introduce myself, I'm T," he said.

"Cher," I replied. "T?" 

"Nice to meet you, just a nick name," he smiled.

I returned a smile. He shifted us back to our original position. His arm heated the valley between my breasts. I felt him burrow it as if to find that sweet spot of ultimate comfort. I sighed and rested my head on his chest. We circled around to a new slow song, as we gently rocked to the beat. Nice, I thought, I'll get to savor this a bit longer.

His hand kneaded the swell of my ass. I could feel him slide up and down as he squeezed my plush behind. He slid up to my hip and under my shirt, bolder; the skin to skin contact sent an arc of electricity between us. I gasped. His hand smoothed over my hip and around my back as his fingers, hidden from view, sank below the waistband of my skirt and into the slight hollow above my crack. I could feel the moisture as it aided in his sensual exploration of my back side. His finger plunged a bit lower. He rubbed gently up and down my crack. All I could think of was his hard cock, as it pleasured my soft, wet depths. I moaned. He kissed the top of my head. It was an intimate gesture that would be mistaken for familiarity. I must be crazy I thought to allow such liberties, BUT, oh my goodness it was so much more intoxicating than alcohol. The song ended and we reluctantly separated. He walked me back to the table and excused himself.

"I'll be right back, nature calls". He turned and walked away with a quick glance over his shoulder and a sexy wink. And he was swallowed up in the mass of bodies.

Ally sat at the table and looked at me with that knowing grin, "He's cute." She stated. 

"Ummm ya," I muttered. She just laughed out loud. 

"It will be midnight soon; looks like you have a keeper for the night." She noted.

"Ummm Hmmm." I mumbled again. I was still dreamy from the dance.

"Enjoy."

"I will." I focused on her.

"Kat and Sam are going to leave soon, before the rush at the end of the night. I think I'm going to hitch a ride with them if you don't mind. I will be with my kids tomorrow. I still have a few things to cook before head over to their place".

"OK, I will catch a ride with Jen and Jack. I'll call you tomorrow."

The night was indeed one for the memory books. We continued to dance and enjoy the company of one another. It was funny how T seemed to be soft and sweet one moment and aggressive the next, but then again, it's not like I know him very well. T even asked Alley to dance a few times in between the many other partners that she danced the evening away with. I was thankful, I needed a breather. My asthma was an annoyance but manageable as long as I sat out a few of the fast songs. I looked forward to another slow one in T's embrace. Midnight was upon us and I couldn't imagine not being in his arms. All of the touchy feely games we have been engaged in left me very horny and screaming for release. Who was this guy? He just appeared out of my fantasies and into reality. I wanted him sink that hard cock into me hard and fast until my orgasm shattered me into tiny bits. I had no doubt that he could take me to places I have never reached before.

T led me to the dance floor again. Another slow sexy tune played. He cuddled me closed. Our bodies intimately close. He inserted his leg between mine to rotate and sway as one. He led. I followed. He caressed my back. He twirled me and settled me against his front. I could feel the large bulge as his sex pressed in to my back side. He rocked back and forth, as he ground his hips forward. I closed my eyes and leaned back. I wanted to keep the connection intact. I was lost in a sensual haze. I sensed movement in front of me. My eyes remained closed as I sank deeper and deeper in the raw sexual energy between us. I felt a body brush up against my front. So lost in the sensations I paid no attention. Another bump, I slowly open my eyes and looked into familiar deep blue eyes. Confused, I looked at the man before me. He reached out and tweaked my nipples, which brought me back to reality. I tensed my entire body.

"Shhhh," T whispered. "It's ok.....that's Thomas, my twin. Relax and enjoy."

And for the life of me, I have no clue why it all seemed so right. I relaxed.

Thomas wrapped his arms around my waist and kneaded my ass. I moaned aloud. When the song ended, Thomas stepped back and grinned. I looked into his eyes and was amazed at their uncanny resemblance. I smiled back...Oh man this is just too good to be true. I might actually get to live my wildest fantasy, a male, male female threesome. I shuddered with desire for these two hunky men. So distracted I didn't hear the beginning of the final countdown. 
