 "Hey, Katie. I'm back." My husband's voice echoed through our townhouse.

"How was your workout?" I asked, coming down the stairs.

He'd just returned from a morning workout on the base and was still in his sweaty workout clothes. I stopped in my tracks, not because of his appearance, but because of the familiar young guy standing behind him. I'd been lounging around in my comfy sweats and was not prepared for company. By that, I mean, I wasn't wearing a bra and my long blond hair was pulled up in a ponytail.

Padding barefoot across the room, I whispered "Come on, Gary. You should've at least given me a few minutes warning you were bringing a friend over."

"It's just Randy. You must remember him. He was over a couple of times when we had cookouts."

Glancing over Gary's shoulder, I smiled at our very cute, raven-haired guest. He was about nineteen or twenty years old, just a couple of years younger than Gary and I. He was an inch taller than Gary's six foot frame. I could see he was as equally buff and fit as my husband. 

I remember seeing him a couple of our get-togethers, but I recalled him being quiet and shy. I hadn't talked to him before. Offering a smile and a wave, I simply said, "Hi, Randy."

He smiled back, "Hi Katie. I told him he should've called first."

"I was just giving Gary a hard time. You're welcome here." I replied.

"See? I told you she was cool." Gary added. Turning to me, he took my hand. "Randy doesn't have anywhere to spend the holidays with and it would really suck for him to stay on the ship the whole time. Since we have that empty spare room I figured he could stay here. He has his own car. He can hang out with us sometimes or just do his own thing. Of course, it's your call."

"Of course he can stay. Who am I to turn away a guest at Christmas time?" I said, knowing full well I'd be taking a different tone once I had Gary alone. "Randy, the spare room is upstairs across the hall from ours and there is bathroom is right at the top of the stairs. You can use that shower anytime you like sine we have a bath on our room. There's a bed, a dresser and an old recliner in the spare room. We had it set up when my sister came to visit, but now Gary uses it for gaming on his computer."

"Thanks, you guys. I really appreciate it. I promise not to be a nuisance." Randy said, lugging a duffle bag up the stairs.

I sighed, figuring there was no point in being upset with Gary for not asking. After all, this was his shipmate.

Some people say, "When you marry a sailor, you marry into the Navy." They aren't kidding, as I found out. For the three years we've been married, my husband, Gary, has been a crewmember on a destroyer homeported in Norfolk, Virginia. Because of the frequency of their schedule at sea, the families as well as the crew all become very close.

It was the week of Christmas and the ship had recently returned from a deployment. My husband had already served five years and he was due to rotate off the ship in one month-to a well-deserved shore duty assignment in Florida.

Wanting to save his leave days for house-hunting, we decided to spend our holidays in our townhouse rather than drive back to see our families in Iowa.

To be honest, I looked forward to spending our holidays together without the traveling and visiting. It seemed to me that Randy was quiet and polite. I felt comfortable with the thought he wouldn't interfere with it.

Over the next two days, everything was fine with having Randy over. We ate dinner together and he joined us in watching evening movies. On the third day, Gary was on duty. This meant he worked on the ship all day and had to stay onboard overnight. I wouldn't see him until morning. In a way, it felt nice to know I wouldn't be alone in the house. Randy seemed to be such a decent guy, I knew I had nothing to worry about with having another man in the house with Gary being gone.

That evening, I ordered pizza. Randy and I split it and had a beer. We talked about how we'd both grown up in the Midwest and how different life seemed in the sprawling metropolis around the world's largest Navy base. After we finished off the pizza, Randy headed up his room to play video games on Gary's computer and I decided to catch up on some laundry.

The clothes basket was loaded full and I huffed as I carried it up the stairs. Setting it down on to catch my breath, I heard noises coming from the spare room. It was the unmistakable sound of sex. Shocked and amused that Randy was watching porn, I quietly stepped near his door. That damn door. It never did latch right when it was closed. And there I was, peeking through the two-inch gap. What I saw did a number on me. I was instantly soaked.

Randy was in the recliner, naked. His one hand gripped the base of his huge throbbing cock and the other hand slowly stroked his thick length. I was amazed by the perfectly shaped head of his cock and how it curved up to touch against his rippling toned abs, just above his belly button. With each movement, his pecs flexed and added a bonus to the sexy sight.

His eyes were half-closed, and I couldn't see what he was watching. Whatever it was, he was turned on. Suddenly afraid I'd been spotted, I quickly picked up my laundry basket and headed to my room. I could barely take it. The image of Randy stroking his huge cock was too much. I didn't even bother to pull down my shorts, I just jammed my hand under the waist and frantically rubbed my clit.

I'd never seen a guy jack himself off to completion. Gary was the only guy I'd ever been with. Sure, I'd seen him stroke it. I've made him cum with my hand and after watching porn for some how-to lessons I even made him cum with my mouth. After much begging, pleading and coaxing from Gary, I even made a video him. Of course, he promised nobody else would ever see it. A video of me talking dirty to him while I made myself cum. It was just a little something for him to watch while out at sea. I fantasized about Gary jacking off to that video, many times. But I never got the chance to see him do it, all the way.

And I never saw a man stroke his cock like Randy was busy doing. It turned me on like nothing else. I had to see him finish. I had to see him shoot ropes of hot sticky cum across his chest.

Moving like a ninja, I returned to the doorway and resumed my filthy new desire to watch. He was in the same position, but now he was squeezing his cleanly shaved balls while his other hand stroked furiously over the bulging veins of his huge cock. Something was different. The porn. 

I heard my voice. My voice screaming with my climax. He was watching the video I'd made for Gary! The video of me seated on a chair, with my leg lifted as Gary recorded me plunging two fingers into my sopping wet pussy.

I didn't hesitate, I returned my hands under my shorts and gave my clit another workout. Randy suddenly leaned back, thrusting his hips up. His hand stroked down until he gripped his balls and the base of his cock. Watching in awe, I saw him pointing his cock toward the ceiling as it erupted with four huge spurts of cum. Just like I imagined, the long ropes of cum arched up and landed on his muscular chest. Then I came. Harder than I ever had from using my hand.

Knowing I couldn't stay longer without risking getting caught, I returned to my room and put on the sexy little camisole and G-string I'd worn in the video. Sprawled out on my bed, I imagined myself sitting across from Randy. Touching myself, telling him to stroke his cock for me. As it goes in fantasies, I suddenly pictured Gary seated next to him and stroking his big fat cock for me as well. I loved the thought of them both watching me, wanting me and shooting their loads for me. I imagined more. I saw myself on my knees between them, holding their thick cocks. Trying to fit them both in my mouth. I felt dirty, and hot, wanting them both to shower me cum at the same time.

I ran through a dozen fantasies before I fell asleep.

"Hey, Babe. I'm home." Gary called out from downstairs, waking me.

Steeping into the bedroom, his face broke into a huge smile when he noticed the sexy little outfit I wore to bed.

"Stop right there." I said, parting my legs and gliding my finger over the sheer fabric covering my pussy. "Take off your clothes."

Gary happily obliged, his big cock already reacting to my seductive pose.

"Stroke that big fat cock of yours. I want to watch." My voice trailed off, moaning as his fingers wrapped around the shaft and slowly work his cock to its full thick length. "I love looking at your cock. Come to the edge of the bed." I added, flipping onto my belly. Resting on my elbows, my face was at the edge of bed. I was only an inch away from the head of his cock, the head slick with pre-cum. A clear drop appeared which I carefully lifted off with the tip of my tongue. "Mmmm. I have a question. Did you ever show anyone my special video? The one you swore nobody but you would ever see?"

"Umm. I don't-" He stammered.

"It's okay if you did." I said, pausing to run my tongue under the head of his cock. "The thought of another guy jerking off to it really turns me on."

"Okay, Yeah I did. I sent the file to Randy. Sorry. It just turned me on too, knowing another guy wanted to jack off to you."

"It is hot. Now, keep stroking that cock. I want to tell you what I saw last night. I happened to pass by Randy's room and I could hear him watching porn. The door was ajar so I peeked in. I watched him stroking his cock. I ran to our room and made myself cum. When I went back out, I was surprised to hear my voice. I knew he was watching the video I made for you." I said and quickly liked off another load of pre-cum from his head.

"What did you do? Did he know you were there?" Gary panted, the veins of his swollen cock looked like they could explode.

"Nope. He never saw me. But I watched. And fingered myself. It was so hot to watch him stroke his huge cock, knowing he was watching me on video. When he came, he shot the biggest load and it made me cum right on the spot."

"I'm gonna...cum...soon." He groaned.

"After that, I went to bed and made myself cum again and again. I imagined sitting in front of you and Randy. Watching you jerk off. Sucking your cocks. After all, I don't think it was coincidental you invited him here. Maybe subconsciously you want to do something new. Do you want to watch me suck Randy's cock? Is that it, baby? Because I will, if you want me to. Do you want to fuck me in front of him? While he's jacking off? Maybe I'd suck him off while you stretch my pussy with your cock."

"Uh, I maybe. What would you want to do?" Gary said, squeezing his cock and holding back his orgasm.

"Hold both of your cocks. Try to put them both in my mouth. I would want you to cum at the same time. After that, I'd want you to take charge and both of you so whatever you wanted with me." I could tell he couldn't hold off another second. I lifted my face. With my mouth open I let him shoot his huge load over my face, another spurt hitting me in my mouth. I'd never done that before, but it was incredibly hot.

We cleaned up and I figured we'd gotten it out of our systems. That is until Gary had an idea. "Randy isn't here right now. Let's check the computer and see what other kind of porn he was watching, besides jacking off to my hot wife."

Gary brought the laptop into our room and set it on the bed. Bringing up the history, I was surprised to notice every video Randy masturbated to were in the MMF category. And some of them had titles which described sex I had never considered.

"Wow. Randy has a bit of a kinky side I never knew about." Gary said, scrolling through the list. "I honestly didn't invite him over for anything like this. But maybe you're right. Maybe subconsciously I did. Because what you were telling me still has me turned on."

Gary played the first movie, a compilation of women with two men who didn't have any inhibitions about having their cocks or cum touching each other. I noticed Gary's cock was rock hard again and he began stroking it. I was soaking wet myself. Reaching into the nightstand drawer, I retrieved my life-like dildo. "Don't stop what you're doing." I said, rubbing the toy against his cock and balls. After handing him the toy, I laid back with my legs spread open. "Fuck me. I want to feel two cocks in my pussy like in that movie. I want to feel them filling me with cum."

Gary really got into it, first fucking me with the toy before slowly stretching me out by adding his cock. I never felt so full. I had an instant orgasm which continued until Gary shot his cum inside me.

"I can't wait to fuck you with Randy." Gary said, surprising me.

Wide-eyed, shocked yet hopeful that he meant it, I asked, "You aren't seriously considering we actually have a threesome with Randy. Are you?"

Gary shrugged. "Maybe. Let's do this. Tonight during dinner, wear some sexy lingerie. But put a robe on. I'll steer the direction everything goes. Are you in?"

I took a few seconds to answer. We were moving away soon. Randy was also transferring. Whatever might happen would easily be put in the past. The idea excited me beyond words. "I've never had sex with another guy. You're my first and only. So, this is a big leap, Gary. But I'm definitely in." I replied.

That evening, I showed up in the kitchen wearing a sheer red camisole, one which bare contained my ample breasts. My hardened nipples were clearly visible. I chose a crotch-less G-string and threw a silky red robe on.

Randy came down as I brought out a pasta dish. I'd left my robe open and I could practically feel his gaze flowing over my body. His huge cock was quite noticeable in his loose pajama pants. Gary joined us and he too was in pajama pants and a tank top.

Pouring us each a glass of wine, Gary started the conversation. "I have an apology to make, Katie. I shared your sexy video with Randy. I hope you don't mind."

Randy nearly choked on his drink. 

I knew exactly where Gary was going with his angle. I took a sip of my wine and replied. "Not at all. It really turns me on. I know Randy likes to get off seeing what I was doing on that video." Tapping his thigh, I added "And it was really hot when I accidentally saw you jacking off to it last night. You left the door ajar."

Randy's face turned bright red. "Oh, damn. I am so sorry, I-"

"Shhh. Don't be." I interrupted, patting his thigh under the table. I left my hand in place, slowly stroking the inside of his thigh. I hesitated for a few seconds, gathering my resolve to move forward with our plan. I gripped his hardening cock through his pants.

"Yeah, its fine, Randy. Katie, why don't you tell him what you did?" Gary said.

Rubbing his cock until it strained against his loos pants, I used my softest, sexiest voice. "I rubbed my pussy while I watched you, Randy. You've got a big beautiful cock. I came so hard when I saw you cum."

"Let's go in the living room. Katie can show you her hot body in person." Gary walked into the living room and stripped off his clothes. "Come on, Randy. You don't want to miss this. Get naked and have a seat on the couch."

Randy quietly, but eagerly, obliged. He shed his clothes and took a seat on the couch.

The living room was already prepared. The soft glow of candles and colored lights on the Christmas tree provided just the right amount of light. My pussy was already soaking wet when I followed them in. "Honey, take a seat next to Randy. Let me see those big beautiful cocks." I said, admiring both cleanly shaven men.

Swinging the tassel of my untied silk belt, I took each step to purposefully expose my bare legs from the open robe. An armchair was already in place, facing the couch only a couple feet away from it. I hiked one foot onto the seat, tracing my finger from my ankle to my waist.

The boys' cocks were fully erect. Randy stole an occasional glance at my husband's cock, and at one point watched in earnest as Gary opened his legs wide and cupped his balls.

"Here I am, Randy. In the flesh." I said, dropping my robe. Sipping into the seat, I swung one leg over the arm of the chair, exposing my pussy through the open crotch of my G-string. I circled my clit with the tip of my index finger and stared into his eyes. "I love to have my pussy licked. Do you like to eat pussy, Randy?"

"Ah, yeah. I do." He replied.

"I looked over your porn choices. Gary and I even watched a few this afternoon. I think there a lot of things in those movies you would like to try. We talked about it, and we want to try some of them too. So I want you to feel free to do whatever you want to. Even if you never done it before. Just like it is for us. Now is our chance to play around. The three of us. You get what I mean?"

"I think so." He moaned. "I've never done any of those things before. I mean, with another guy. I've only had one girlfriend it's been almost a year now."

"It's okay." I said, dropping to my knees and pushing Randy's hands away from his cock. "Gary, do you want to see me suck Randy's big cock?" I said, looking my husband in the eye while grasping Randy's thick shaft. Now, I only ever saw my husband's cock, but based on what I'd read and what I'd seen in porn movies, I knew Gary was very well endowed and I was his lucky wife. Nice and thick, about eight inches long. But Randy's felt even thicker and it had to be over ten inches, maybe eleven inches long.

I stroked upwards, milking out a glistening droplet from the tip. My eyes were fixed on my husband's when I lapped the head of Randy's cock. Stroking his cock, Gary nodded. "Go ahead. Suck that cock, baby."

Turning my full attention to the task at hand, I took as much of it in my mouth as possible. Randy gripped my hair, gently holding me down as I struggled with his size. With each movement, I was able to take more. Knowing my husband was watching me attempt to swallow his friend's massive cock got me even more turned on and more enthusiastic.

Randy began to squirm, his cock felt thicker than before. "Katie, I'm not going to last much longer."

I pulled away. My eyes watery from gagging on his meat, I looked up at him. "Not yet." I lowered myself down and licked his balls, his long fat cock draped over my face.

Gary knew what I'd been dying to try and stood up next to me, his cock pressing against the side of my face. I turned my head, engulfing his lovely big cock with my mouth. Pulling away, I sat back on my legs. "Remember what I said I wanted to try?"

"Stand up, Randy." Gary said. "She wants to suck our cocks at the same time."

Randy must have also fantasized about it for a long time, because he knew exactly what to do. He halfway faced Gary, bringing both of their cocks close together. Reaching out, I palmed them both and compared the two. "Randy, I saw the movies you liked." I said, taking Randy's hand and placing it on my husband's cock. "I know you want to rub your cock on his."

I rubbed my clit and fingered my soaked pussy as I watched Randy stroke and rub their cocks. Surprisingly, Gary didn't resist. In fact, his moans told me he really enjoyed it. Finally, I reached out and my hands took over for Randy's. Pushing their cockheads together, I ran my tongue around both. I could barely fit the tips of them both in my mouth. Gary pushed my hands aside, reached under both cocks as they began to move like pistons sliding against each other and alternately getting their cockheads in my mouth.

"I'm ready. Are you?" Gary asked.

"Now!" Randy said, as both cocks suddenly erupted with more cum than I'd ever dreamed of. I couldn't swallow it all and I let it run over the still hard cocks in my face.

"Oh my God. I need to get fucked right now." I begged, taking a new position. With my ass in the air, I leaned over the arm of the couch. "Please. Randy. Fuck me with that monster cock."
