 "Got a job for both of us buddy. A huge ceiling fan," Ron's friendly voice said over the telephone. "We got new customers you haven't met yet. It's a big money house sorta over near Connie's old place. They got an indoor pool and want a huge fan over it, so I ordered one of these Big Ass things. It's fuckin' huge — fourteen feet in diameter. We're gonna have to set up a scaffold across the pool, definitely a two man job."

"Cool," I said. "When do you want to do it?"

"Well the fan just got here, so tomorrow man," he said. "We'll rent the scaffold stuff in the morning. I'll meet you at Micky D's at seven."

The next morning I had breakfast with Ron at McDonald's, and he filled me in on the job.

"I picked them up as customers right after you left last fall," he said. "Another frustrated lonely housewife situation, like Chrissy and Ally. Tina's really great, but it was all really hands off and professional at first, and I played it cool. Then she started calling for small shit, and I could tell she just liked havin' me around. One time it blew up and we fucked our brains out — it was awesome. And then nothing. I've been back to fix some stuff, but it's all hands off again, which is fine, you know, 'cause she's married and isn't comfortable with it. That's cool."

"Yeah, well Chrissy and Ally have a tough balancing act they pull off somehow," I said. "But it's not easy for them I'm sure, when they're in that kind of situation."

"Yeah, it's not easy man," he said. "I just thought I'd fill you in on Tina before we get over there."

We picked up the scaffold and I followed Ron over to the house. It was huge with a stone veneer on the front, and a security gate at the end of the brick driveway.

Tina came out to greet Ron, and he introduced me. She was very attractive, probably mid-forties, with well styled shoulder-length dark hair and lovely dark eyebrows framing dark blue eyes. She had an easy smile, and I could see why Ron liked her.

We unloaded the scaffold parts, and walked them around to the back of the house and into the glass roofed atrium that housed the swimming pool. It was warm and humid inside, and would be even warmer up near the roof with the sun beating down. I was wishing I had been smart like Ron and worn shorts. We were both shirtless within moments of starting.

We set up the scaffolding on both sides of the pool, and hoisted the long aluminum plank up across the water. Ron was well prepared with conduit and clips to fasten it to the metal framing of the atrium, and by lunchtime we had the electrical roughed in and the wire pulled. Tina had told us she was ordering pizza, and it came just at the right time. I started to pull my t-shirt on.

"If you're doing that for me, don't bother. I'm enjoying the scenery," she said. "I'll meet you boys out on the deck. It's nice and shady."

She brought out the pizza, and a pitcher of home-made lemonade, and the three of us chatted about the weather and how the job was going.

"Do you have a lot more to do?" she asked.

"No, we'll probably be done in less than two hours at this rate," Ron said. "One of us'll put the fan together while the other sets up the switching, and then hanging it should be a piece of cake."

"Good, then you'll have time for a swim to cool off before his highness comes home," she said.

We finished off the pizza and got back to work. Ron was assembling the fan when Tina came out to have a look.

"Big Ass Fan?" she laughed when she saw the box. "Is that supposed to be some kind of sarcasm or something?" she said.

She stuck her ass out toward Ron and smiled. It was indeed a healthy booty. A round bubble-butt that was a bit big, but plenty attractive.

"You know how I feel about that," Ron said with a smile as he looked at her ass, and I could see Tina blush from twenty feet away.

She glanced my way and then sauntered back into the house. I don't know if she was swingin' it more than usual, but it was a lovely wiggle.

We hung the fan, attached the long blades, and switched it on. It moved a lot of air and looked great doing it, and Ron was well satisfied. We quickly broke down the scaffolding and cleaned things up.

"That's so awesome!" Tina said as she brought out another pitcher of lemonade, dressed in a fancy silk robe. "I love it!"

Ron and I made one last trip to our trucks to clean up, and when we returned Tina was in the pool, doing the backstroke completely naked.

"Last one in's a rotten egg," she smiled, treading water at the deep end.

I let Ron make the first move. His boots and shorts were off in no time and he dove in naked. I lost my clothes in short order and followed him into the blissfully cool water. We both stayed a respectful distance from Tina, letting her make a move if she wanted to. She did.

She swam to Ron as he stood against the wall, played with his cock with her hands under the water, and kissed him.

"You know I want this every time, but it's awkward, right?" she said to him.

"I know baby, it's fine," he said. "Ya gotta do what ya gotta do."

"I know what I gotta do right now," she said. "You guys are gonna fill me up, like I saw in the porn."

"We're at your service baby," Ron said. "Just tell us what you want."

I was floating nearby, listening intently.

"I watched it last night, after you called and told me you'd both be here today," she said. "I was watching three-way stuff, and there was this one girl, they both fucked her at the same time, one regular and one in her . . . in her butt." She paused and looked nervous. "You know how to do that? I want to feel like she felt."

"I think that could be arranged," Ron said, and he kissed her. "Anything ever been in that end before?"

She shook her head nervously.

"You sure about this," Ron asked. "That's pretty wild stuff."

She nodded silently but eagerly, and she looked over at me as I floated my way over and stood next to her.

"You'll be gentle, right," she asked.

"Until you tell us not to be," Ron said with a sly smile.

Her hand found my cock under the water, and she had Ron's in her other hand.

"God I love big men," she said breathily, her nostrils flaring and her eyes darting back and forth, looking through the water at what her hands were doing.

I leaned in and kissed her, and she moaned deeply as she explored a new, unfamiliar man.

I lifted her up onto the side of the pool and kissed my way from her knees to her pussy. She tasted like pool water at first, but as soon as my tongue penetrated her outer lips I found the delicious taste of woman, and she moaned and trembled as she felt my tongue on her most sensitive flesh. Ron jumped up and sat next to her, and she pumped his hard wet cock with her fist as his mouth moved in on her dripping wet tits. They were lovely tits, big enough to balance her big booty nicely, a sexy pair with a slight sag and a wonderful ski jump shape. She responded to Ron's mouth on them with a sharp moan and another tremble.

She was obviously at a high level of excitement and anticipation, and it didn't take long for Ron and I to take her to a blistering orgasm. She seemed to levitate up of the tile floor, and her shrieks echoed off the glass walls and roof of the atrium, sounding like wild animals in a zoo. It was a wonderful thing to watch and be a part of — she was on her way to new territory, already high up on the road to making a new dream come true.

There was no holding back on her part after her big orgasm. It seemed to trigger every hormonal switch in her body, and she lunged her head down onto Ron's throbbing cock, seemingly ready to eat it right off of his body.

"Fuck!" he said as she went at it like a starving animal.

I kept at her pussy with my mouth, nibbling and sucking and licking, and she came again. She screamed onto Ron's cock, his wet meat acting like a mute in the mouth of a trumpet, mellowing her scream to a more musical pitch as her body shook.

I wanted desperately to plunge my cock into her, but she was too high out of the water. I jumped up next to her on the wet tile, and her hand found my cock as she continued her furious blow-job on Ron's. She took a quick breather and switched to her other side, engulfing me in her hungry mouth and pumping Ron hard with her fist.

"Holy shit!" she said, sitting up between us catching her breath with a hard cock in both hands. "You boys ready to fuck the shit out of me?" she said, looking back and forth between us.

She got up and sauntered her sexy naked body over to a chaise lounge, which she flattened. Ron and I followed, our cocks pointing the way. I noticed a container of Vaseline on the tile floor next to the lounge - Tina was well prepared and ready, and she knew just what she wanted.

"I want one in my pussy and one in my mouth first," she said matter-of-factly as she got on her hands and knees. "You can switch off if you want."

Ron was behind her, so he slipped in first, and she just about flew off the lounge when she felt him start fucking her hard with no warning. She gobbled up my cock, whimpering and trying to say 'Oh fuck!' with her mouth full. When she was close to cumming again, he pulled out and we switched ends. I slipped in easily and was soon slapping against her beautiful round ass.

"Fuck, you're huge!" she said as Ron slipped out of her mouth and she looked back at me with her eyes starting to roll. "Ohhh ffffuucckk!" she said, as she came again, barely able to get the words to roll out of her pretty mouth. Her head was down on the lounge cushion, her arms hung off the sides like a rag doll and her body moved rhythmically into me, egging me on to continue my deep fuck as her orgasm ebbed and flowed for a long while.

"What the fuck!" she said quietly, the two of us finally motionless, her head laying limp on the cushion, her ass still high with me deep in her pussy. "I could feel you way up in my stomach," she smiled. "That's fuckin' crazy!"

We gave her pussy a break and she sat up and sucked us both off, Ron on one side of her and me on the other.

"You guys got magic cocks," she said breathlessly. "How do you keep going like this?"

"We're waitin' for the grand finale baby," Ron said, and Tina puffed out her cheeks and exhaled loud through her lips.

"Fuck!" she said quietly, with nervous anticipation in her eyes.

She went back to sucking us both, and her lust seemed to grow as the minutes ticked away.

"On your back Steve," she finally said, as she stood up.

I did as requested, and Tina mounted me.

"Fuckin' Christ that's amazing!" she said as she sunk down and I filled her again.

She lowered her head down and kissed me, deep, passionate and hungry. Her hips were fucking me in a most delightful way, and I was glad when she slowed so I could regain my equilibrium.

"Use some lube Ronnie," she said looking back at him.

The anticipation had her nearly hyperventilating, and her eyes were wild as her hips gave me another wonderful series of gyrations.

Ron straddled the lounge with his big legs, and smeared a dollop of Vaseline on Tina's asshole, making her squirm.

"Fuck yeah!" she said under her breath.

"You ready baby?" he asked.

"Do it," she said seductively.

Ron started to work into her as I fucked up into her pussy ever so slowly.

"Holy shit!" she said, her voice suddenly low and rumbly, exhaling hard through her nostrils like a wild animal.

"Oh baby!" Ron said, feeling the compression on his big meat as he worked it in.

Tina was grunting and moaning with her back arched and her hands on my chest, presenting her big tits to me to fondle. She was no longer able to speak — the pre-historic cave woman in her took over, and there was nothing but raw, sexual instinct at play. Her lovely body took it all in, and radiated it out again as pure energy. The fire we filled her with rocketed around inside her and oozed out as uncontrolled movements and noises. She was free — free of the constraints of being the 'good wife', the 'sensible one', the 'good girl.' For a few glorious minutes she was as free as free can be.

Tina came in a blistering, flailing release, and Ron came deep in her ass, his own eyes rolling back as much as Tina's. I guess it was seeing Ron up there that kept me from going over. I was close, but no cigar. Tina was spent, and she lay limp on me, groaning as Ron pulled out, and then she started to laugh. It was a tired, quiet laugh, but lovely, and showed she had no regrets.

"You guys are fuckin' awesome," she said, lifting her head up a little. "I can't believe how amazing that felt. Switch around, lets do it again."

"Give me a minute baby, Jesus!" Ron said.

"Why Ronnie! I've never seen you at a loss before," she laughed.

"Fuck," he said, rubbing his cock a little, like it had just been through the ringer. "That's gonna blow your mind Stevie."

"Jump in the pool and clean it off," she said to Ron. "I wanna suck you hard again."

While Ron took a plunge in the pool, Tina got up off of me and turned around for a quick sixty-nine. Ron came back dripping wet and straddled the lounge again so Tina could alternate between our cocks while I nibbled on her tender pussy. She was pushing the limits of her deep-throat abilities, gagging and grunting as her lust kicked into high gear again.

"Fuuuucckk!" she said in a deep, animalistic voice when her mouth was empty for a second.

She was breathing heavy and still grunting as she got up. "Switch," she said.

I got up and she pushed Ron down and mounted him, both of them letting out loud groans as her pussy was filled with throbbing cock again.

"Do it!" she said forcefully, looking back over her shoulder at me with fire in her eyes.

I smeared another dollop of Vaseline on her asshole, and her whole body jumped when she felt it. It was bigger than before but still looked impossibly small to get my rock hard cock into, so I smeared a little on the head and pressed it in.

"Fuck!" she said sharply as the first little bit popped in.

The words stopped and the animalistic grunts took over as I pressed in further. She was sweating profusely, like someone in a sauna, every inch of her lovely body glistening and dripping as she writhed and grunted. Somehow I was fully into her, balls deep in the most amazing feeling place my cock had ever been. I started a slow thrust.

"Oh FUCK!" I said, my own voice echoing loudly off the glass walls.

I looked at the great outdoors through the all glass pool atrium and it struck me what a bold move this was for Tina. A neighbor or landscape worker could walk around the back of her house and there we were. Or her husband could come home unexpectedly. Having just met her, I had no idea what was going on in her head to get her to this point. I've had time to get to know the other married women I have relationships with, and understand pretty well what makes them tick and their motivations for being with me. But here was Tina, a married woman I had just met, and I was embroiled with her in the most intimate, intense sexual act of my life, fucking her in the ass while my best friend fucked her pussy.

Tina was lost in the sensation, and her grunts slowly rose in pitch until she was squealing. I fucked her hard, and nearly squealed myself, the feeling on my red hot cock unlike anything I'd ever felt. Tina's screeching, squealing orgasm was a monster, and I came deep inside her, the tightness forcing a more powerful ejaculation than ever before. If I wasn't deep inside her I would have shot clear across the room.

"Fuuucckk!" I groaned, and Tina's contracting ass muscles kept me cumming for what seemed like five minutes.

When it was over Tina was laying on Ron exhausted, but her body continued to twitch, and she jumped at every little touch and movement.

"Holy fuck!" was all she could quietly say as we all held still, two cocks still filling her holes.

We stayed that way, all breathing heavy, until Ron and I shrunk a bit and I pulled out, eliciting another sharp squeal from Tina.

"Did I tell ya?" Ron said to me with a knowing smile as I rubbed my abused feeling crotch.

We all made our way back into the pool, Tina walking gingerly with a very content look on her face.

"Did you feel like that girl in the porn?" I asked as she floated into the water.

"Better," she said, and she went under the water, coming up with a sexy smile.

She got out of the pool and walked to the house, her dripping wet perfectly round ass swinging seductively. She came back with three towels.

"You guys better get going," she said calmly. "His highness'll be home in about fifteen minutes."

Ron and I looked at each other and quickly got out of the water. We dried and dressed in no time, and kissed Tina as we went out the door.

"I'll have to come up with some more two man projects around here. Bye boys," she cooed as we left.

We were just exiting the security gate at the end of the driveway when the man of the house was getting there. We all waved and smiled, and I hoped he didn't notice our wet hair. He pulled up next to Ron and lowered his window.

"You boys get it in all right?" I heard him ask Ron.

"Yes sir, it went in just fine," Ron said. "Try it later, I think you'll like it."

"That's for Tina," he said. "If she's satisfied, I'm happy."

"Oh she's satisfied," Ron said. "She told us so more than once."

Tina's husband waved as he passed, and and Ron and I rolled on down the road.