 My name is John Parker and I'll tell the rest of this story myself.

The next weekend found me sitting in my silver corvette in the attached garage of my small rented house. There really wasn't a decision to be made. I had already told Robin I'd be there so, taking a deep breath, I hit the garage door opener and started the car.

Robin had called me every day that past week. For the first couple days we discussed how much fun we had the prior weekend, but then, on Wednesday, she brought up The Sophisticates' Club. I had avoided that subject for as long as I could.

"So, we are going to the club this weekend. You are coming as our guest, right?" Robin had asked.

What could I say? 'No'? What excuse would I give? No, I had to accept. I was nervous about it but at the same time I was a little excited. I knew it could be fun, but I also worried a lot.

"John?" she asked again.

"I'm here. Um... yea... of course I'm going," I said. I was still unsure of what exactly I was getting myself into. 'No' was not really an option, though.

My imagination ran wild. I had all sorts of ideas about what the club might be like. Some turned me on and some made me nauseous with apprehension. Since moving to Denver I had been learning to take things as they came at me and try to stop worrying so much. Some days were better than others. This club thing was going to be quite a challenge.

"You are going to have a blast," she said. "Most of the women there are really hot. And they're going to love you."

"Why do you say that?" I asked. I regretted saying it as soon as it came out of my mouth. I didn't want to fish for compliments or have my ego stroked. I didn't want Robin to think I was that kind of guy, because I didn't think I was.

"John, you are the best fuck I have ever had," Robin said, building my self-esteem. "You are a kind and considerate lover with a big dick. What's not to love?"

I didn't know what to say. She used the word 'love' but not in any way that expressed any deep feelings for me whatsoever. In fact, she had used the word to explain how other women would feel about me; women other than Robin.

"Okay?" Robin prompted.

'Okay' that my ego had been stroked enough? "Alright," I said. "I'll pick you up Saturday night at seven."

"Perfect. See you then. Bye baby," she said before hanging up.

She kept calling my 'baby' but I was starting to realize that it was very possible that this was not really meant to express any feelings at all. It seemed that she used it like a phrase. Hell, maybe she didn't even know she was saying it. It made me nauseous to think how real that possibility was. Perhaps her affectionate phrases and actions were just her being kind and had no deeper meaning.

When I pulled up in front of their apartment complex, I took a deep breath and said to myself, 'well, no turning back now'. I got out of my car and locked it. I knew I looked good. I had on my favorite black and red silk Hawaiian shirt, my best black slacks, and my seldom-worn black boots. Cowboy boots are pretty common in Denver. Robin's words 'What's not to love?' echoed in my ears as I walked up to the entrance.

Before I reached the landing, I saw Angela and Robin through the main glass door. Angela pushed it open and stepped out to greet me. She looked sexy in a short red dress that hugged her thin frame tightly. It had straps over her shoulders and a very low neckline. With her small breasts, a lot of the skin of her chest was exposed.

"Hi, John," Angela said as she leaned forward and gave me a quick kiss. 

She smelled somewhat like vanilla. 'Good enough to eat,' I thought to myself. "Hot dress," I told her.

"Thanks," she replied with a smile as she passed by me and headed toward my car.

She was followed by Robin. "Hey sexy," she said to me with a big smile as she stepped through the door and let it close behind her.

To me, she was the most beautiful woman in the world. She had the cutest lightly-freckled face framed by long locks of wavy orange-red hair. Her arms, shoulders, and chest, also lightly freckled, were bare. A sexy black vest was wrapped tightly around her chest, pushing her breasts up and making them look even bigger than they already were. She wore nothing under that vest, which stopped short of her midriff, leaving that expanse of pale flesh exposed as well. Riding low on her waist was a short matching black skirt that fell only to her upper thighs. Her legs were firm and slender alabaster columns. She wore black open-toed heels revealing her toenails which were painted pink, the same as her fingernails.

When I looked up into her clear green eyes, she looked up into mine. She had been checking me out too. That reminded me of our first date. Though it was only two weeks ago it seemed like I had known her my whole life.

She stepped up to me, laced her fingers into my short hair just above the back of my neck, and pulled me down for a kiss. We kissed tenderly for a moment. Then she broke the kiss, looked into my eyes, and said, "Are you ready for this baby?"

"I hope so," I replied with a wry smile.

"Oh, don't be like that. You are going to have a wonderful time, I promise," she told me. She kissed me again, this time her tongue gently pushed my lips apart and played inside my mouth for a moment. 

I could feel my cock twitch inside my loose slacks. I hadn't worn any boxers because I figured they would probably get in the way. My cock began to fill out its length down my pant leg, so I broke the kiss.

"Let's go," she said, pulling away from me and heading toward the car.

I had a feeling it was going to be an interesting night.

The girls directed me to get on I-70 and head west. They had me exit on the west side of Denver, just before the Interstate headed into the foothills. They then had me drive a few blocks into a residential neighborhood and up to a big one-story ranch-style house with trees all around. It looked like any other house in the neighborhood except it was a bit larger and it had cars parked on the side and in front of it.

I parked in front of the house and got out. The sun had settled behind the mountains but was still lighting up the clouds. It was a quarter till eight. I found myself wondering if these neighbors had any idea about what went on inside this house. Except for the abundance of cars and the faint sounds of music drifting up from the back yard, there was really no outward indication that this was anything other than a residential home.

Angela and Robin led me to the front door. They opened the screen door and stepped inside. I saw that the foyer was a small six foot square room with an opening to the left. A couple on the other side of this opening was standing at some sort of reception desk or counter. I couldn't tell. They were moderately well dressed, the man in a cowboy shirt and nice jeans and the woman in a short black dress.

The girls lined up behind the couple to wait our turn, so I waited with them. The couple was discussing something with someone on the other side of the counter and I tried but I couldn't hear what the couple was saying. I put my right hand on Robin's waist, loving the feel if her soft skin against my hand.

I saw another couple approach the screen door and come into the little foyer. They gave me a quick smile as they got in line behind us. The man was a short balding fellow in his late thirties while the woman, probably also in her late thirties, looked great. He wore a suit while she was dressed in a black skirt and a black mesh top. She wore nothing under the top. I was able to clearly make out her big breasts through the mesh. She had three towels tucked under her left arm.

Then it was our turn. We all stepped through the opening and lined up against the counter. On the other side was a short young woman with long wavy blond hair. Beside her stood a tall man with a swarthy complexion and black slicked-back hair. She wore a tee-shirt and jeans while he wore a black suit.

Robin said to the tall man, "Nick, this is John. He's our guest. I've vouch for him."

Nick looked at me for a second and said, "Good enough. Fifty dollars."

I reached for my wallet as Robin produced her credit card and put it on the counter. I said, "I got this."

"Not this time, baby," Robin replied. "You're my guest."

The young woman behind the counter processed the credit card quickly and handed it back to Robin. Then Nick said, "You girls go on it. I'll give John the tour."

The counter ran ten feet down the center of what used to be a hallway at the front of the house. The hall ran to my right, deeper into the house. We went down this hallway a short distance. The hall ended, opening up into a huge area at the back of the house. 

There was an exit to the left of me and two Jacuzzis straight ahead. To the right of me was a large 40-foot square room. It had tables along the left wall, a dance floor in the center, and two other hallways, and a DJ playing music, against the front wall. Against the right wall was a self-serve bar and against the back wall were sliding glass doors with the backyard visible beyond. It had grown very dark out there.

My eyes were still trying to adjust to the darkened setting but I spotted about a dozen people sitting at, or standing around, the tables on the left side of the big room, socializing. I watched as Angela and Robin headed on in and greeted several of the people. They seemed popular.

Nick began the tour by saying, "John, as you can see this is the exit. Here's our Jacuzzis. No clothing is allowed in the Jacuzzis. No sexual activity or nudity is allowed until after eight thirty so that's why nobody is in them yet. And this is the main room. The bar is self-serve and it's free as long as you don't go crazy. We have a DJ tonight but sometimes we have live music. See the sliding glass doors at the back of the room? We sometimes have BBQs in the back yard in the summer during the day."

I was surprised at how business-like Nick was about it all. I didn't know what I had been expecting; this was his business after all. I figured at fifty dollars for each guy he had only taken in three or four hundred dollars so far; hardly enough to make a living if he only did this once a month. I wondered what his day job might be. I didn't ask.

Nick led me down the first of the two hallways leading out the front of the main room. Down this hallway there were four small booths along the left side of the wide corridor. The booths were semi circular and had a very small table in the middle, just big enough to hold a few drinks. Each booth had a small divider to give each one a little privacy, but not too much.

"Here are our booths where you can sit and socialize or whatever you want to do," Nick commented. 

I followed Nick down the hall into a room at the front of the house. This room was nice and had a couple chairs and a coffee table. On the other side of this room, that stretched a short distance to my left, was another hallway leading toward the back of the house again. This new hallway was very short, ending at two doors on either side. These doors led to rooms that were pretty big and had shag carpet on the floor and a king-sized bed at the back.

"These are our private rooms," Nick said. "There's a big bed in each one. If the door is wide opened, you can go on in. If the door is cracked open, you must ask before you can go in. If it's closed, they don't want to be joined. Don't knock. Now, see this little window? If it's open, they want you to watch them. If it's closed, they want privacy. Clear?"

I nodded. 

"Now, John there are a few rules you need to keep in mind," Nick said seriously. "Rule number one, 'No' means 'no'. That goes for you too. Just because you are a guy doesn't mean you can't say 'no'."

I smiled at that. The odds of me saying to 'no' to anything were pretty slim. That is, as long as I wasn't being asked to kiss another guy or something like that. I didn't swing that way.

"Rule number two," Nick continued. "You must wear a condom. We have dispensers and trash cans everywhere. You don't have to wear them for oral sex but any penetration must include a condom. Clear?"

I nodded again. I wasn't big into condoms. I knew it could be a little dangerous, but it was one of those risks that I accepted. However, if those were the rules, I planned to follow them.

Nick led me back to the main room and down the other hallway off the front of the main room. This hallway turned to the left and there were several openings in the walls that were about three feet wide and two feet off the ground. Inside each of these openings was an eight-foot square cubby. Cushions, blankets, and sheets covered the bottom of these cubbies and a small television was mounted to the upper back corner. The same porn video was playing on every set.

"What are these?" I asked, suspecting that I knew the answer. But I wanted to hear what rules applied to these.

"These are our public play areas. Feel free to join in but the same rules apply. 'No' means 'no.'" Nick explained. "Any questions?"

I shook my head. Nick had a well-rehearsed tour.

Nick lowered his voice saying, "Robin has been a member for a couple years now and this is the first time she's brought a male guest."

I was a little shocked by that. "Really?" I asked, without meaning to. 

"You must be pretty special," Nick replied. 

"I don't think I'm that special," I said. Of course, my ego was pretty healthy but humility is a virtue. "I feel honored that Robin would trust me enough to vouch for me like this." I meant what I said even though I was still not sure about exactly where I stood with Robin.

"Well, watch your Ps and Qs, but have a good time," Nick said with a smile before heading back into the main room.

I didn't follow him for a moment. 'Ps and Qs'? Only my mother ever said something like that to me. I glanced at my watch. It was eight fifteen. Nick at told me that the action started at eight thirty. Fifteen minutes away. I found myself getting nervous again.

I walked back into the main room and looked around. It took me a moment but I spotted Angela talking to a crowd of people. Then I spotted Robin at the bar.

I walked up to Robin. She was making a drink. Without turning around she said, "Want a drink, John?"

How did she know it was me? "Sure, rum and coke," I said. 

As she made my drink she said, "So, what do you think?"

"It's well-organized," I observed.

"Well, it's Nick's business. Membership is way down. We'll have about twenty people here tonight but when he was open every weekend he'd sometime have only two couples show up," she told me before handing me the drink.

I took a swig and looked at her. She was beautiful. Her pale skin, her freckles, her big breasts almost bursting out of the top of her vest; they all played havoc with my mind. All I really wanted to do at that moment was take her into one of the private rooms and fuck the shit out of her. My cock started to get hard in my slacks. I took a deep breath, breaking myself out of my thoughts. "So, what now?" I asked.

Robin looked at me. She had that look on her face that I had seen before but never managed to identify. Then the look was gone and she said, "Go have fun."

"What about you?" I asked. I had really expected to share this with her but it seemed that she wanted me to leave her alone. I didn't know what to think.

"Oh, don't worry about me, baby," she replied. "You just go and do whatever you want to do."

With that, she kissed me. Then she gave me that strange look again before flashing me a smile and heading toward the tables where most of the people were still gathered.

I took a deep breath. It wasn't that these other women weren't hot. They were. It was just that I had expected to share any experience I was going to have with Robin. Now that didn't seem to be in the cards.

I was still nervous; even more after being left to my own devices. I sat at the nearest empty table, attempting to gather my wits. I drained half the glass, the rum warming my stomach. I looked around the room. My eyes had adjusted to the low light and I saw everything pretty well.

I spotted all of the women I had noted earlier plus another half-dozen I had never seen before. I didn't think I was being biased when I noted that Robin was the most beautiful woman in the place. Being a natural redhead her skin was paler than everyone else's. As such, and with as much skin as she was showing, she was easy to spot in the dark talking to some people near the back of the room. My cock started to get hard again just looking at her.

"Are you John?" a woman to my left asked.

I flinched. I had seen her approaching but I had though she had passed me by. I turned and looked up at her. She was a few years older than me. I looked at her long black hair and her clear blue eyes. She wore a long pink sundress. She looked nice.

She laughed. "Did I startle you?" she asked.

I smiled at her and nodded. "Yes you did. And, yes, I'm John. Do I know you?" I asked. How would she know my name? Did I know her from work? That would not be good.

"No, you don't know me," she clarified. "Angela thought that you and I might be compatible. My name's Tammy."

"Nice to meet you, Tammy," I said, shaking her hand awkwardly.

She laughed at me and did not release my hand. "Dance with me?" she asked.

What the hell, I thought. I nodded and stood up. Tammy was the same height as me. She was thin and had some sharp features, most notably her nose.

I felt self-conscious, as we were the only couple on the dance floor. I tried not to think about that and concentrate on Tammy. The song was fast. I had never heard it before. Tammy had some good moves. I was no stranger to the dance floor so I was able to keep up with her.

Then I saw Nick enter the main room. He shouted above the pulsing music, "It's eight thirty and the doors are locked."

I heard some people clapping that were drunker than they should be. Then I noticed several couples head to other areas of the house. The crowd had grown to about one and a half dozen. Now it was back down to a dozen in the main room as some people decided to go get their party started early. I did note that Robin stayed in the main room.

I forced my attention back to Tammy. Her tits were small and they did not bounce as she danced. Her sundress covered her down to her knees so I really couldn't tell too much about her body other than that she was thin. I tried to let myself go with the music.

The song ended a little soon and a slower song began. Tammy took my hand to let me know to not leave the dance floor. When the slow sexy beat of the music began we swayed to the music, not actually touching other than our hands. She released my hand so she could rub my crotch with her palm. She looked at me. My cock began to harden in my slacks under her ministrations despite the fact that I didn't find her particularly attractive.

When the beat of the song picked up a bit, she unzipped my slacks. I was a little shocked but I didn't pull away. I never pulled away from a woman unzipping my pants. I reminded myself that this was not a nightclub but was actually a sex club, so I wasn't going to be arrested for indecent exposure as she pulled my hardening cock out of my pants in front of the whole room.

My big cock became hard in her hand as she stroked it to the music. I found it difficult to dance to the beat under the circumstances but I tried. I didn't look around to see who was watching me.

Then a man appeared next to us and, much to my surprise, Tammy used her free hand to unzip his pants and pull out his cock too. There she was dancing and stroking two men right there on the dance floor. The man's cock was about seven inches long and he danced with her, thrusting his hips into her fist in time to the music. 
