 As I drove through town towards Angela's apartment, Robin and I discussed her plan to confront her best friend of ten years. Snow steadily fell from the sky and I had the heat on full. Robin still wore her thin turquoise dress from the night before, so it was a challenge to keep her warm. The roads were slick with ice that had formed overnight, so I drove slowly, which gave us even more time to formulate her plan. 

Forgiveness is a funny thing.

Robin really wanted to forgive Angela. One thing that was very true about Robin since I had first met her was that she really didn't like negative emotions. She was a hot fiery redhead. She was quick to anger but she didn't like it. She always regretted it afterward. 

So, in forgiving Angela, Robin would be able to let go of her own negative emotions. In reality for most people, but especially for Robin, forgiveness is a selfish act. It's done to make her feel better. 

Now, I forgive my mother no matter what she says and, God knows, she never apologizes. Robin was different. For her to truly forgive Angela and really let it go, she needed Angela to express regret and exhibit a true act of contrition. Angela fulfilled Robin's requirements for forgiveness by texting her how sorry she was and then setting up the party we enjoyed so much the previous evening.

I parked in the parking garage of the complex and we both went up to the apartment, her code still working on the front door. I offered to stay behind but Robin insisted I accompany her. So, it was with mixed emotions that I stood behind her as she knocked on the door.

The door swung open quickly to reveal Angela. Her long blond hair was damp and she wore only a thin pink robe. She flashed us a really big smile, glad to see Robin at her door.

Robin asked calmly, "Can we come in?"

Angela tried to suppress her excitement as she said, "Yes, of course, please come in."

Robin walked into the apartment she used to share with Angela and sat down on the familiar living room couch. Angela took the cue and sat down beside her. I closed the door behind us and sat behind Robin in a chair, feeling awkward.

Angela said softly and sincerely, "Robin, I was stupid and selfish. I am so sorry."

Robin nodded. "I got your text."

"Was 240 Union good?" Angela asked, undisguised hope on her face.

Robin nodded again, "Yes, it was delicious."

"Great. And did everyone show up at The Burnsley?" Angela asked.

"Yes, the hotel was awesome. I was really surprised that you did that for us and, yes, everyone showed up," Robin said, not really knowing who had been invited but not wanting to quibble over small stuff.

"Great," Angela said with a sigh of relief.

"Look," Robin said calmly, "Angela, I know that cost you a lot of your savings. I don't want you to spend all your money on me. I'm not mad at you anymore. I forgive you."

Angela's eyes went wide with surprise. "Really?" she asked, tears forming in her eyes.

Robin nodded. "I don't like being angry with you. I'm so glad you admit that you were wrong. You've shown me that you really do regret what you did. That's why I can forgive you."

Angela smiled, relief written all over her face, and said, "I can't tell you how happy I am to hear you say that." She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "So, you're moving back in, yes?"

I couldn't see the expression on Robin's face but I knew it wasn't good because I saw the concern on Angela's face. Robin said, "No, of course not."

"Why not? You've forgiven me," Angela said, confused.

"Why not? You have royally fucked me over for the last ten years. Angela, I don't want you in my life anymore," Robin said irritated at having to state the obvious. "We're just here to let you know that I'm not going to waste any more time being mad at you and you can stop spending money on me. And, of course, we're here to pick up the rest of my stuff."

Angela was stunned.

Forgiveness and trust are two very different things. 

To forgive someone was one thing. But to let that person back into your life and trust that she would not repeat the behavior was something else entirely. That was the big leap and was always a truly risky act. 

I did it for Robin. I was in love. I forgave her for testing me and gave her my trust again. But, what Angela did to Robin was bigger than anything Robin had done to me. I did not really believe that Robin would ever trust Angela again. I mean, the Pope forgave the man who shot him and even made him cry, but he didn't put a gun in the guy's hand and let him try again.

The previous day, I had repeatedly asked Robin if she was ready to forgive Angela. I knew that the only way she could get past it and move on was to be able to forgive her childhood friend. To hold a grudge really hurts the person holding the grudge. Eventually the target moves on but the grudge-holder can remain a prisoner of that pain and anger for years. 

I was in a new relationship with Robin and I didn't want her spending all of her time fretting over what Angela had done to her. That was my selfishness. I rationalized my actions by telling myself that I was just trying to push Robin to do what was best for her own well-being. Now, just because it was my own selfish rationalization didn't mean that it wasn't actually true.

Angela cried.

I never liked to see a woman cry. I did feel pity for her. I didn't think that Robin should trust her; on the contrary, I thought she was doing the right thing. I just hated to see any woman crying, even if she did deserve it. I instinctively wanted to go to Angela and comfort her, but I couldn't think of any good way for that to turn out, so I stayed where I was.

Robin stood up and walked to her bedroom. I followed quickly behind her and we began putting all of her stuff into boxes. The apartment was furnished so we didn't have to worry about moving furniture, thank goodness. My corvette has almost negative cargo space but Robin's SUV, still in the parking garage, could comfortably hold all of her belongings.

I made three round trips down to the parking garage while Robin packed the boxes. Angela cried on the couch during the first two trips but she had started to collect herself by the third. It was awkward.

Robin packed the last two boxes and looked around the room one last time. She sighed.

"You okay?" I asked her.

She nodded. "It's just that this is the end of one long chapter of my life. Angela and I moved here from Boston together. It was a big deal for us. And, you know, we did have a lot of had fun together. We really did."

I nodded. I figured it was natural to feel sad at a time like that. I let her have her moment without comment.

She took a deep breath. Then she looked at me and smiled. She said, "But it's also the start of a brand new chapter of my life."

I smiled back at her and nodded. I was there to support her, not impose my own thoughts on her. So I didn't say anything.

We picked up the boxes and walked to the living room where Angela still sat, wearing her pink robe. Her hair had dried but it looked tangled. She looked forlorn as she examined us.

"Oh, and one more thing," Robin said to her. "We like the people at TSC. So, could you please find yourself a new sex club?"

TSC stood for The Sophisticates' Club. TSC is what all the regulars called it. Robin and Angela were both regulars.

Angela's face flushed. She stood up and said, "I like the people at TSC, too. I'll go there if I want to."

Robin looked at her sadly and shook her head. "Do you really want me to tell everyone at TSC what you did to me? You can see them elsewhere, just not at the club. Okay?"

Angela started to say something but then stopped. She searched Robin's face for a glimmer of hope and found none. Finally, she nodded.

***

We hadn't heard the last from Angela. She tried to contact Robin over and over but Robin always turned her away.

Angela didn't show up at TSC again, which was a great relief to both of us. I too like the people at TSC the more I get to know them. They were good people.

It has now been two months since Robin moved out. It's early December and we are making plans for the holidays. Perhaps that will be another story if anything interesting happens.

As I write this, it's a bright Sunday afternoon and there's a fresh foot of snow on the ground. The snow usually doesn't last more than a day or two in Denver so Robin is out walking our new dog so she can take it in. We don't live in the best part of town but it is safer than some, especially in broad daylight on a snow day. As for the dog, it's a two-year-old Smooth Fox Terrier that we picked up from a shelter a few weeks ago. 

We are also considering buying a house once the economy improves enough for one or both of us to get a loan. That could be a little ways off from now. We haven't talked about marriage yet. It's still early in our relationship for that. The talk about buying a house is early too, but that is probably a year or two out anyway.

Last night was my fourth visit to TSC and I had a great time. I am really getting comfortable with the lifestyle and I really like the people, as I mentioned before. The more comfortable I get with TSC the better time I have.

Yesterday, at about five o'clock we had dinner at IHOP. We don't like to eat heavy before going to the club and we both love breakfast foods for dinner. We're not into fancy dining on a regular basis either so IHOP is perfect for us most of the time.

We were casually dressed for winter with flannel plaid shirts, jeans, and boots. Some people get dressed up for TSC while others dress casual. We are mostly the casual sorts in winter. We decided that in spring, summer, or early fall we'd dress up for TSC but in winter we'd dress warm. Of course, Robin, always sexy, kept the top three snaps open, giving her some cleavage.

After we ordered, Robin asked me, "Are you ready for tonight?"

I nodded, admitting, "I'm so horny I can barely stand it."

"Hmm," she said. Then she said in a soft voice so no one could hear, "Sounds like you need to take the edge off so you can last longer." There was mischievous sparkle in her pretty green eyes.

I smiled at that. "What did you have in mind?" I asked. She was always full of spontaneous surprises.

She stood up, leaned forward, exposing her cleavage to me as she did so, and whispered in my ear, "Follow close behind me and I'll show you how I take care of my man." With that she walked toward the restrooms.

I quickly got up and followed her. I watched her mane of red-orange hair waving back and forth across her back as she walked away. My eyes were then drawn to her ass, which filled out her tight jeans perfectly.

I let her lead me several steps ahead so it didn't look too obvious that we were up to no good. She led me back to the restrooms, which ran alongside the kitchen. I was just wondering whether she'd duck into the men's room or the ladies' room when she ducked into the janitorial supply closet. She left the door open enough for me to slip in and close it behind me. The door had no lock.

Robin was there, kissing me hard on the mouth. The closet smelled of bleach but Robin smelled of vanilla and her mouth tasted sweet. I pulled her to me and pressed my tongue deep into her mouth.

Robin writhed her sexy little hips against mine, rubbing my hard cock through my jeans with her stomach. She was shorter than me. She grabbed my ass in her hands and pulled me against her as we kissed.

There was very little about Robin I didn't adore. I loved her red hair, green eyes, and big tits. I loved how good she made me feel physically and emotionally when I was with her. Most of all, I loved how daring she was. This was daring.

Robin broke the kiss and glanced around the little room. She sat down on a box of toilet paper next to a mop in a bucket of dirty water. She spread her legs wide so I could stand between them.

I stood between her legs with my back to the closed door as Robin unzipped my jeans. She reached into the hole in my boxers and fished out my cock. It was already hard and throbbing with excitement as it bounced free.

I looked down into her pretty freckled face as she looked up at me and ran her tongue up along the underside of my shaft. My head swam with pleasure when she flicked her tongue back and forth against the sensitive skin just under the head. "Oh shit," I sighed softly.

Robin smiled up at me and then pursed her lips together. She kissed them to the head of my cock and slowly pressed forward. Her warm wet mouth slowly enveloped the head of my cock.

The sight of my long hard rod protruding obscenely from Robin's pretty face mesmerized me. I wanted put my hand on her head and drive my cock deep down her throat. But I didn't want to mess up her hair and she had said she wanted to show me how good she could take care of me. So I braced one hand against the wall for support and put the other behind my back.

Robin pressed forward, driving my prick deeper and deeper into her mouth and then down her throat, until only the inch inside my jeans remained unconsumed. She had eight of my nine inches in her mouth and throat. She held her lips closed tight in an attempt to prevent her saliva from wetting my jeans.

I groaned and whispered, "Oh, baby, I love you."

Robin pulled back just a bit and then began bobbing her head back and forth in short fast strokes. She was just driving the head in and out of her throat while her lips wrapped tight around the bottom portion of my shaft. She was throat-fucking herself on my dick.

"That feels so good," I whispered in ecstasy.

Robin pulled her mouth off my cock with a loud slurping sound that I hoped no one heard through the door. She stroked my slick cock in her fist quickly as she whispered up to me "I want your cum." It was more of a hiss than a whisper and more of a command than a plea.

"I'm not holding back," I whispered with a smile. I knew she'd take that as more of a challenge than anything else. I was right.

Robin sank her mouth back around my cock. She drove her face on and off my prick in long strong strokes. Her lips gripped my tightly, slurping loudly as she went.

Through the door I could hear the clink of dishes and talking from the kitchen. I heard patrons coming and going to the restroom. But the loudest sound to me was the nasty sexy slurping sounds of Robin's sweet mouth devouring my cock. It filled the little room and I found myself worrying that someone might hear us through the walls.

The worries were swept aside by the sweet friction of Robin's lips on my shaft. It didn't take very long before my dick started to tingle in approaching orgasm. When the tingle spread to my balls and thighs I knew she was pushing me over the brink.

"I'm coming," I tried to whisper but instead groaned out louder than I had planned to.

Robin pulled her head back until only the flaring head of my engorged cock was between her full lips. She used both hands to stroke my prick, milking me into her mouth. Her grip was tight and her strokes fast.

I thrust my hips forward, letting her have all of my cock as I emptied myself into her. I felt cum race up my shaft and blast into Robin's waiting mouth again and again. I knew she was more than capable and I didn't worry about anything in that moment but the sweet feeling of coming in Robin's mouth.

Robin was still swallowing my load, her lips gripped tight around the head of my dick, when the door opened behind me. I was still coming down from my orgasm but the sudden rush of air brought me to my senses. I didn't move.

"Excuse me, sir," came a man's voice behind me. "You can't do that here."

I knew what was coming next. Assuming he didn't call the police, he was going to kick us out of the restaurant. Still holding my position and hiding Robin's face, and my cock, from his view, I pulled out my wallet. The man waited as I fished out two twenties and handed them back to him. I said, "I'm just renting your room. We'll be out in a minute."

Thankfully, the man took the money. Forty dollars wasn't a lot but it was enough for a waiter at IHOP to look the other way. At least, I hoped it was enough.

The door closed behind me and Robin cleaned my cock with her mouth well enough that I could put it back in my jeans without any trace of saliva or cum on them. She wiped her face with the back of her hand to be sure no cum had escaped. Then with a satisfied sigh, she just smiled up at me.

"You definitely know how to take care of your man," I told her with a grin.

We slipped out of the closet and into the restrooms. I peed and washed my face while Robin fixed her makeup. We made it back to the table without being accosted any further.

Robin's lips were a little swollen, making her look even sexier to me. She had fixed her makeup so that was the only outward sign that anything had happened. I knew the blowjob had really got her going but I also know she was going to get more than enough orgasms before the night was over.

Dinner was delicious; though the waitress gave us interesting looks that told me she probably knew what we had done. I didn't let it bother me. The danger of getting caught, and the occasional actually getting caught, was part of the thrill. It came with the territory of being with someone as wild as Robin.

We got to TSC at around six-thirty. There was no line so we went to the counter and I paid my fifty dollars. Nick was working the register and we started talking about his business.

Robin asked, "Is it okay if I go on inside?"

I said, "Sure babe, go ahead."

Nick told me that business was pretty light and he might have to shut down soon. He said, "There will probably be about ten couples here tonight. At fifty dollars each, that's five hundred dollars. That doesn't even pay the mortgage on this place."

"Can you raise the prices or charge the single girls?" I asked.

"I've already started charging the single girls twenty dollars. Any more and they wouldn't show up. It barely covers their drinks," he told me.

"So, how about charging for the drinks?" I asked.

"I'd have to pay a bartender to keep up with it. That'd be hardly even worth it."

"What if you raise the fifty dollar fee?" I asked.

"Nobody would show up. If I raise the prices and less people would start showing up, those that did show up would be upset. The party would be smaller, less exciting, and they would be paying more for it. So, they would have less incentive to come back," he said.

"Well maybe we need ways to get them to show up more than once a month if we open it back up. Let me think about it," I told him.

"If you come up with any ideas, let me know," he said sincerely.

I told him I would. I am still thinking about it and haven't come up with anything yet. If something comes of it that might be another story. We'll see. I'd hate to see TSC shut down.

Anyway, I found Robin at a table talking to the Barrett's. The DJ hadn't arrived yet and so the place was quiet. That would soon change. 

Robin had a drink in front of her and an empty chair beside her, which had a fresh rum and coke in front of it for me. She was very thoughtful. I sat down.

The Barrett's were like all of the couples that came to TSC, unique. Every couple had a certain way they liked to swing. The Barrett's liked full on orgies. The more people involved the better they liked it. They did this together for the most part. Robin and I were similar.

Even if a couple wasn't married we usually referred to them by the man's last name. Just for convenience. For example, Chris and Dana were the Ivanov's, even though Dana was a Smith. It made it easier to keep everything straight in my mind.

I kept a mental catalog of every couple and their preference so I didn't get confused and embarrass myself. For example, the Russo's, the couple with the towels I had first encountered waiting with us to get in; they liked swapping with another couple in the Jacuzzis.
