 My name is Allen. I have a twin brother named Alvin. We are "mirror" twins. I am right-handed; he is a leftie. I part my hair on the left; he parts his on the right. You men will get this part: I hang left; he hangs right. Yes, we are identical; thus we are "mirror twins." This story has its genesis in our first year of college. I went to a private college in Jacksonville, IL while my brother went to college at Eastern Illinois University. 

I wanted to be a sports writer for as long as I could remember. My career goal was to work for the Chicago Sun-Times as a reporter; covering the Cubs, White Sox, Bulls, Bears and Blackhawks. The college I attended was well known for its school of journalism. My brother also studied journalism but he had a desire to be a political writer so chose a different college. This was the first time we were apart but I needed that to grow as a person.

Early on I met a girl named Debijo Farmer. She was named after her mom and her dad. She was an education major and both her parents were alumni of the college. We hit it off big time and soon were an inseparable couple. We both liked classical music, rock and roll, and any book by Herman Wouk. I took her home that first fall and she immediately liked both of my parents. She also liked my younger brother Glenn and teased him a lot. I was pleased to see how she just fit in with my family. Unfortunately, Alvin was spending thanksgiving with some friends and was not home.

All too soon we were back at college to finish the semester and get part-time jobs. I worked for the local newspaper and Debijo worked at a daycare center. Our times together were few and far between; and we made the most of them. My fellow students used to joke about driving to Peoria Heights to watch the "submarine races". I first got to 2nd base while with Debijo. Even on the hottest days students parked on the Heights would have fogged-up windows.

As I grew to know Debijo I began to call her "Debi" because her whole name sounded so formal. Often times you could not fit one blade of grass between us as we sat on the quadrangle. My friends used to ask me if we went to the bathroom together: we were that tight. 

At Christmas that first year I went home with Debi to meet and spend time with her family. Debi looked just like her mother; who showed me pictures of her twin sister; Debilyn. Debi mentioned her sister "Lynn" but had said nothing about how close they were in name. Debbie, the mother, mentioned that they had met Lynn's boyfriend, Paul, at Thanksgiving, and was glad Debi had met a boy. The mother was very much a matchmaker. 

I liked Joe Farmer a lot. He, like my father, was a farmer in occupation as well as by name. Being one of four sons of a farmer myself, I had an instant likeability factor. In fact, for the six days I was there I helped milk the cows and slop the pigs. Joe was a St. Louis Cardinals fan so we had intense conversations about who was better; Ferguson Jenkins or Bob Gibson. He did tell me if I ever hurt his daughter he would come looking for me. The 12 gauge hanging on his back porch was all the confirmation I needed of his sincerity.

I liked Debi's brothers, Gary and Lowell, immediately. Gary was older and in the Army in Viet Nam. Joe Jr. was a junior in high school. We horsed around, shot hoops, and acted just like brothers. They would tell stories, many apocryphal I sure, about Debi and Lyn. But Debi gave as good as she got. Because I slept in the basement with them, we sat up night telling guy stories. If their questions got too personal I just referred them to Debi. 

All in all, Christmas with the Farmers was like Christmas with my family. I helped wash dishes and did my own laundry. Debbie was amazed that I, a boy, knew how to sort and wash my own clothes. That is when I told her it came from being in a family four boys. 

My brother Alvin dropped out after his first year of school and joined the Marines. By the time he came home from Viet Nam in January 1971, Debi and I had been married for three years. When he visited us in March of that year he mentioned he was going to look up Lynn and try to reconnect. That is when we discovered his Debilyn was my Debijo's twin sister. 

By October Alvin and Lynn were getting married. They moved to Portland OR where he worked for a weekly newspaper. Debi and I stayed in Illinois where I worked as a sportswriter for the Tribune group of newspapers. We all stayed in contact and made lots of trips back and forth.

After 20 years in the news business I decided to start a second career. I got my MBA at the University of Illinois and decided to become an auditor; earning my CPA and my CFE designation as a forensic auditor. Guys with MBAs were in huge demand in 1980s. At one "Slave Auction" the IRS recruiter asked if I was interested in being a Revenue Agent. I said yes and gave him my resume and filled out an application.

Three weeks later I got a call from the IRS office in Portland OR. They wanted me to come and work for them as a Field Agent. After talking with Debi, and sharing with my brother, I accepted the offer and we moved west.

Debi and I were excited to be able to see my brother and her sister on a more regular basis. Our kids were grown and on their own; Roland a senior in college and his twin sister Rosie a registered nurse. 

Alvin and Lynn helped us find a house and helped us fill it with new furniture. We got busy; me with my work and Debi as a teacher at the School for the Deaf in Vancouver, WA. Alvin and Lynn seemed to be very busy going to parties on the weekend. I thought it strange they never invited us to those parties but we were to soon discover why.

One night all four of us gathered for a cook-out in our backyard. I got Alvin alone and asked him why they never invited us to their parties. 

He said they thought we would not like the people they hung around with. He did promise to bring a couple on their next visit and we could talk about it. He was very tight-lipped about it. I did press the issue and we had a good evening.

We had been in Portland about 3 months. Portland is a very interesting city. It has about 40 strip clubs and at least 3 clubs that advertise swinger parties. While in Illinois Debi and I had talked about "swapping" but with teenagers in the house that wasn't very doable. We had gone to a few "kid's free" weekends with other couples where we had "adult parties" that included same-room sex and oral swaps. Now, living in the sexually charged atmosphere of Portland OR, we again discussed the idea of swapping. Debi was still open to the idea.

The next week, since school was out for the summer, Debi called a couple of the clubs that advertised swinging. We went to two "meet and greets" and found 1 club, "Angels" that we really liked. They were having a "new comers" night that was invitation only. After we toured the club and spoke with owners we went home to talk about it. I think Debi was more excited about the idea than was I. The price was right: annual membership was $100 per couple plus $10 at the door; or we could by a $200 membership with no door cover charge. After an hour or so of discussion we decided to opt for the $200 membership.

The next day I called the club and Jack, the owner, brought a contract over. It was simple and straight forward. We would be allowed to take pictures; but only on the approval of all involved. You can probably guess the routine: what happens at the club stays at the club; "NO means no; no touching without first asking. Common sense things that all of us should observe. We signed the papers and told Jack we would like an invitation to the "Newcomers Party." It came in the next day's mail.

The closer the day of the party came, the more excited and anxious we both got. For Debi, it was a chance to buy a new cocktail dress. For me it was "khaki or formal suit". Debi chose this little red dress that aptly fit its name. It was like someone wrapped her in red Saran Wrap, then heat-shrinked it until it clung like second skin. I went for khakis; a sport shirt and my Birkenstocks. We found the parking garage for the club went inside and showed our ID. 

"Oh, my," said a lady at the desk, "we have our first newcomers." She pulled a cord, I heard a bell, and in walked Jack.

He took us to a small room off the lobby and said he wanted us to know what would happen. He said, "You will have a mentor couple after you eat. This couple will take you around and introduce you to some long-time members. You may or may not be invited to more intimate area. It is okay to say, 'no' to any request. You can do as much or as little as you choose. We have game area and tonight's games are "Truth or Dare; Naked Twister; or Strip Poker. For tonight only you can only play as a couple. Debi, you can say no to any dare Allen gets; and Allen, you can say no to any dare Debi gets. If at any time you have rejected three dares, you are out of the game. These games are the easiest way get your feet wet. Well, are you guys ready?"

Debi said for both of us, "We've been ready for a week!"

Jack then introduced us to his wife Sharon and said they were our mentors for the night. They introduced us to a group of six couples, all in various stages of undress, told the group we were newbies. There was a lady named Gladys who was wearing a very tight black corset, and nothing else. The other five ladies were dressed in cocktail dresses with necklines plunging to their panty lines. The men were dressed much as I. We fit right in. 

We all made small talk for about 20 minutes when Sharon announced that the games would begin in two minutes. All of us went to the game room. Jack and Sharon encouraged us to play "Truth or Dare." This was not your high school version of truth or dare. The other six couples drew cards to see who went first, we newbies would go last

The first couple would spin a wheel with 8 partitions; 4 said Truth and 4 said Dare. The one spinning the wheel would be blindfolded. The husband spun the wheel and it landed on truth.

Then his wife reached into a box and pulled out a number. We, of course, were number 6. She called out "Mrs. Five." Her husband pulled off his mask and pulled a card from a box marked "truth."

He read, "Have you ever had oral sex with another woman?" 

Mrs. Five not only had to answer the question truthfully, she had to give details of the event. "Yes," she said, "at this very club last week. It was awesome!

Neither Debi nor I were challenged until the fifth couple. A woman spun the wheel and it fell on "Dare!"

Her husband pulled out a number and said, "Mr. Seven. Then the woman pulled out a dare card and read, "I dare you finger the pussy of a woman other than your wife in this group." I paused to see if Debi would object; she didn't. So I walked over the Corset Lady and smiled at her. She opened the bottom of the corset and I slipped my finger into a very wet pussy. I fingered her for about a minute and then removed my finger, licked off the juices and smacked my lips.

When I sat next to my wife she said, "Did you enjoy that?"

"Damn straight!" I exclaimed. Everyone in the group laughed.

At the end, when the last of the six couples had spun the wheel. When Sharon spun the wheel it landed on "Dare."

Jack reached into the box and pulled out a number. "Mrs. Seven."

Sharon then read the dare card, "I dare you to suck the dick of the man to your left." She waited to see if I would object. Not on your life!

She walked over to the couple, had the man sit on a chair, and undid his belt, unzipped his zipper, and she pulled out one the largest cocks I have ever seen. It had to 8" long and 3" around. I watched as my loving wife began to lick that long shaft up and down. As she went back towards that mushroom shaped head she began to lick and kiss the very tip. Then, without any further ado, she plunged down on that cock and took it to where it met the man's pubic bone. My deep-throating gal was showing off for our new friends. She held him there then began a rapid suck-and-jack combination that had that guy squirming in his chair. It only took her about four minutes to be rewarded with a creamy prize. Then, she turned to man's wife, kissed her right on the lips, and shared the creampie with her. 

Before we left that night we had same room sex with another couple; swapped with the same couple and got some names and phone numbers. All in all, it was an auspicious beginning to a new chapter in our married life.