 Here is a Valentine's Day entry, I hope you like it. Please be gentle in you comments.

*

She brushed past my secretary and into my office. She screamed at me, "You fucking BASTARD. How could you? Marie won't even talk to me now! I should kill you, you son of a bitch! " The red haired young woman glared at me and was seemingly plotting my demise. She was furious at something I had done with someone named Marie.

"Miss, I hate to tell you this, but I don't know anything about what you are talking about, and I do not know anyone named Marie. So please go find the correct person that you wish to kill, and have a swell day! Goodbye, and good luck. That is the exit door behind you."

She looked totally confused at that point. She sat down, the exact thing I didn't want, and looked at a business card. It looked like my business card.

"This is Cutter Investigations, and you are William G. Cutter are you not?"

"Yes, this is my detective agency, I'm Bill Cutter. Who are you?"

"I'm Meredith Howell. My father runs Howell Industries. I'm so sorry to come barging in here like this, but I was so sure you were, or are, the man I was after. You are certain that you didn't have an affair with Marie Montrose? Tall, jet black hair, very curvaceous and beautiful?"

"Wait s second, I don't know any Marie, but I did date a very beautiful woman named Paula Martino. We went out about two months ago for about a month, she got pissed at me, and she dropped me like a hot potato. I begged her to reconsider to tell me what I had done... But she said I'm sorry but we are done. I'm not sure, I might have a photo, we went on a cruise to nowhere for dinner and a show. Here it is."

"That's Marie!" She turned the pic over, there were our signatures, Bill Cutter and Paula Martino. It was dated a month ago.The photo showed me and Paula on a gangway going aboard a cruise line. We looked happy. 

"That was the last time I saw her happy. After that, she got very defensive, next week, she broke up with me. I have not dated seriously since then.

She kinda broke my heart."

"She's good at that. She's very pregnant Bill. I think the baby is yours. I'm so sorry, I had not thought this through. I should go, I apologize for my behavior. I, I, I'm just in a very bad place right now. I'm hurt and... I don't know what to do."

"Listen. I never got full closure on what ever it is that I did or didn't do. I was head over heels for Paula, now with what you are saying, she lied to one of us. Either you or me. Hey, maybe she lied to both of us. Would you like to chat over coffee? I want to hear your take on all of this. There's a coffee shop just down the street, ok?"

"Ok, but you might not like what I have to say." I noticed she had lovely green eyes. She also had a breathtaking figure. She was slender, yet very busty, and her hips were wide, and attached to a beautiful big ass! She was sexy as hell.

In the coffee shop we were discussing the lovely dark haired woman that I knew as Paula, and she knew as Marie.

"I'm a lesbian Mr. Cutter. Marie is one as well. We had a very torrid affair. I thought we were going to get married. We wanted to have children, and that shouldn't have been a big deal, but she didn't want our kids to be conceived in a sterile hospital environment. She wanted to know the sperm donor as well, not just some two page bio that may, or may not be true."

"I'm not a sperm donor Meredith. I will donate my organs, but if I have kids, I want to be part of their lives, not some stranger with a two page bio! I would be happy to donate sperm, but I don't want to be shut out of the child's life, you know?"

"Yes, I understand completely. I need a drink. Not a coffee. You wanna get a drink with a dyke Mr Cutter?"

"Why would you use a derogatory term for yourself? You are obviously a smart capable and incredibly beautiful woman. If you ever decide you want to switch sides, I want a date with you."

"You know you are really sweet. It's no wonder she fell for you. Well come on then, you can show a rug-muncher a good time. Lead on McDuff."

"Will you stop it with the self deprecation. Somebody must have really hurt your feelings for you to be so down about yourself. Come on we'll take the batmobile."

I had purchased a genuine British sportscar called a Morgan. It was a two seater, open car, just the thing for Chicago's lovely climate. But as luck would have it, I knew a guy, he did a wonderful fabrication of a removable hard top, and I managed to get a heater setup as well, so I could have my sports car, and not freeze to death. I just try not to think about the costs. We drove over in style to a bar/restaurant/dance floor place I knew. 

"I hope you don't mind if we get a bite to eat, you should never drink on an empty stomach! Maybe I could drag you out to the dance floor and have my way with you, what do you think?"

We had some chicken kabobs over rice, with some broiled veggies. It was very nice. I got us some bubbly, and before long we were out dancing and having a wonderful time. She looked at me and you could see it was like a light switch. She said fuck it. All of a sudden I was ok. I took advantage of the bubbly. I walked her onto the veranda and under a clear winter sky full of stars, I kissed her. And I kissed her again. 

"Down boy, don't you remember I'm..."

"- a wonderful person who needs a bit of fun in her life. No more labels. Ok? Just have a bit of fun. You could pretend for one night that you could do anything. Or pretend I'm a pre-OP transsexual. I'm just a lesbian trapped in a man's body. I would love to make outrageous love to you." I kissed her again.

She kissed me back. We walked in to the dance floor, we were having fun, some young guy wanted to cut in. She let him dance, but soon I saw his hand on her ass. I went over and removed it. 

"Listen knucklehead, this gorgeous woman is here with me. You go find your own princess." We went to go.

"Old man, go away before I get annoyed." Oh now it was on.

I said, "You want to step outside shit-for-brains? I can teach you some manners."

Meredith was stunned. There she was, a self-proclaimed lesbian with two ardent males squaring off for her. She was taken aback, to be sure.

The young man and I went to the same veranda Meredith and I had just kissed on. I said to him, "Last chance, walk away without any pain!"

"Fuck you, old man!" He hit me in the chest. He didn't know of my love for the sport of boxing, or my fascination and study of karate over twenty years. I broke his nose, two of his fingers and dislocated his arm. In twenty seconds. I suggested

that he leave before I do much, much more damage. I even gave him my hanky for his nose. He agreed.

My date was flabbergasted that I would fight for her. Her face was open amazement.

"You broke his nose, and all that other stuff in less than twenty seconds? What are you, a black belt or something?"

"Yes, I am." I said.

"But why did you fight over me? I'm not worth fighting over."

"Yes, you are. You are an incredibly beautiful young woman. Someone must have really hurt you when you were young. Your self image has been damaged, so you work twice as hard, and are twice as smart as everyone else. To what end, I don't know. To impress your father or mother?"

"All I know is I want to make wild unrestrained love to you, and I guess I'm just an asshole, given what you have told me. I can't help myself around you. I want you so bad." I had tears in my eyes.

"I'm so sorry. I guess I let myself get carried away, let me get you back to your car. I thank you for a wonderful evening!" My happy words belied how shitty I was feeling.

I escorted her to my car. I had no sooner closed the door, when the asshole had returned.

With a friend and a knife.

Asshole advanced toward me holding the knife like he was going to a picnic. He was so sure of himself. I disarmed him and put the knife blade into the attacking friends chest. I quickly removed it as I was being pummeled from asshole, so I shoved it into his shoulder and twisted the handle. His friend was down and now he was too. I called an ambulance and the police.

I apologized to Meredith as the shit storm was about to happen when one defends oneself. The ambulance got there in time to get both miscreants to the emergency room. Unfortunately, they would live. The cops, a pair of real Einsteins, arrested me, even with multiple witnesses telling them the truth. I was taken to jail. I was interrogated for three hours with no phone call. I stopped talking when my request for a lawyer fell on deaf ears.

I was quite shocked when big, bad John Sebastian, Esquire walked in and said he was here to speak to his client. Me. 

John was kind of a feared legend amongst the law enforcement crowd. He had a fearsome reputation for adherence to the law as a means to get his client off. He was a shark.

I was about to say something about never having called him, when he asked the detective if he had seen the video tapes from the security company. He had gotten the pertinent portions on line, as the police could as well, if they had chosen to. The cops face, a mixture of hate, fear and awe, was educational as far as insane looks on peoples faces are concerned. I wish I could have got a picture.

In the video, playing on the lawyers laptop in full color and sound, was everything I said:

Well, there I was being attacked, removing the knife, defending myself. Calling the ambulance, calling the cops. 

Did the cops have any plans to arrest the two fellows who instigated the whole thing? Why was I under arrest anyway, after eye witnesses said I was defending myself? Perhaps we should call the Captain himself and have a little discussion.

The cops all of a sudden were so sorry, big mistake, so forth and so on. The handcuffs were off in a matter of seconds. I wanted my arrest record cleared. It could affect my PI license. No problem, no problem! All would be taken care of.

"Thank you sir, I am forever in your debt." I said to John.

"No, I've already been paid, and quite handsomely too. Andrew Howell of Howell Industries paid me. The beautiful young woman you were with, that is her dad. He gave me a call. You must have made quite an impression. Daddy paid me in full. It's him you want to thank."

"But it was your legal jurisprudence that got my ass out of a jam, and I still want to thank you. You know, as an investigator, we work the same side of the street."

"But not always the same side of the law, but hey, the truth will always come out, sooner or later. Let's trade cards. I'll try to send some business your way, you try to give me a great rate! How does that sound?" John said.

"Sounds like a good plan, counselor. Thank you so much." We shook hands. I was very grateful.

**************

The dynamic duo of police detectives had not actually processed me, so I was not technically arrested, as in fingerprints and mug shot. That way, they could keep on interrogating me without those pesky attorneys. I was still going to have a little conversation with my lawyer about that, but hey, I was free.

I walked out looking for a cab and there she was, red hair and brilliant green eyes. I was going to have her if it killed me.

"Meredith," she looked so sexy.

"William," her eyes and mine, locked.

"My friends call me Bill," I said as she licked her lips.

"What do your lovers call you?"

She was standing right in front of me, gazing in my eyes, stars in hers. I kissed her with a passion l had not felt in quite a while. We must have kissed for 

a long time. I took her to my place, or should I say she drove my Morgan. Nobody else ever, ever gets to drive my Morgan.

**************

In the bedroom, we undressed each other slowly, savoring each moment, kissing each new part as it was revealed. I was so intensely kissing her shoulders, I had not noticed the absence of her big black lace bra. That device must be reinforced with carbon fiber, her tits were so huge, heavy and pendulous. I took to nursing on one, and teasing and twisting the other nipple. My other hand was making a tour of her nether regions, where my tongue would soon be foraging for female arousal, a wondrous thing, so rare for me, that I had to taste it, drink it, revel in it, savor it, and adore it. I almost missed her first climax, she was so quiet. I did see her eyes roll back in her head, a sharp intake of breath and she shivered and shuddered two or three times.

"OH oh OHHH, my god! That was so... Oh, oh yes yes YES! I can't believe I just c--c- holy shit I'm gonna come again. Aaaeee

Eeeeeaaaahhhhyesrightthere!

Ooohhhhdont fuckin stop! Yes!

Uhhgghhhh. Oh fuck yeah."

"I guess you want me to stop?"

"Don't you dare you fucker you!

I... I'm gonna cooommmee!!!"

She squirted all over my face.

I lifted her legs up and without asking, I penetrated her tight and wet vagina. She screamed bloody blue murder. I said, "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you." I pulled out my dick, or at least I tried to.

"Put that fuckstick back in there where it belongs. I just had the greatest single orgasm of my life. You can't get away from me now. You are MINE! I AM YOURS! I am so fucking happy I might die from too much ... Fucking. I had no idea you were this good. I don't even want you to leave my hoo ha. Sorry, you have to stay in my happy twat till I die. Your new home!

"Don't worry, it will get better! This was only our first time." I half joked.

"How can it get better than perfection?" She was all red on her upper torso from sexual heat. "You do have to teach me how to suck cock, and I do want to try anal. But I'm exhausted do you know how many times you made me cum?"

"No I don't know, nor do I care. As long as you enjoyed every single climax, then I did my job.

It's not a board game, or a score and compare thing. It should be pure happiness, a reflection of love that we share. Not something with any kind of numbers. Fun and sexy, and only fun and sexy, nothing else!

Do you know what I mean?"

"I know exactly what you mean, and you are so right! I couldn't express what I was thinking, but that is exactly right." She snuggled up against me. I felt the sandmans touch too, and soon we were both asleep, spooning perfectly, my cock in the crack of her perfect ass.

**************

I awoke to a beautiful woman on top of me, my dick hard as nails and inside her love hole.

She was rocking and rolling and pulling in and out. As I got closer to an orgasm she did as well, and we had that rare thing, a simultaneous orgasm. My eyes were adjusting to the dim light of predawn, I realized who I was fucking. It was Paula.

"Oh Paula! I have missed you so much! What is going on honey? I need to hear it from your own lips if you still want to dump me. You know I still love you with all my heart! So please tell me what's going on here. I'm begging you!"

"Alright, but you're not going to like it. Maybe you will want to dump me! I want Meredith to hear this as well. She deserves better than me."

**************

We all got seated in the bedroom, Meredith and me on the one side and Paula/Marie on the other. Meredith held my hand. I held it right back. P/M started her story.

"It all started about five years ago. I met this guy. He seemed really nice. We got married. The first year was wonderful, everything just clicking along, then I lost my job. Money got very tight. Things in the bedroom kinda followed suit. The following year I finally found a decent job, but we were far behind in our bills.

We were working our way out of debt, then it happened. I got a bad cut at work. They took me to the emergency room and it took nine stitches. I thought they used those plastic things and glue, the doc said, because it was on my hand, the flexing would just open it up again, stitches would hold better. 

My boss said take the day, see you tomorrow, so I went home.

It's so cliche, my husband there with the girl next door. She was only eighteen! I wanted to kill them both. I went next door and had a chat with her dad. He took a really dim view of the situation, and rearranged my soon-to-be ex-husbands face."

"My ex took off for parts unknown, the dad from next door was so disgusted he asked his kid to get out. He said, live under my roof, then my rules, like DON'T sleep with married men. If you don't like these rules, there is the door. I will pray for you."

"She begged me into letting her stay with me. Her dad would help out on the rent when she couldn't come up with the money. It just sucked. My ex showed up one day, divorce papers in hand. We only had to split bills, so that went quickly.

Couple of weeks later, he is gone, the young girlfriend with him. I was devastated all over again. I cried a lot."

"Back when I was married, well his last name was Montrose. My middle name was Marie, and I went by that. After the divorce was final, just before I met you Bill, I switched back to my maiden name. That is, Paula Marie Martino. I wasn't trying to evade or deceive anybody, but it might have seemed like that to both of you.

I apologize for that." 

"I thought I was a lesbian. Then I got pregnant with you Bill, and my whole world flew upside down. I love you Bill. I can't help myself. Trouble is I love Meredith as well. What am I going to do? Are you both going to hate me now?"

"I have a confession to make, I hope you guys don't just kick me to the curb. Paula, I love you. But you ditched me, said goodbye. Oh my God, I was devastated. I was even considering the easy way out.

Then I met Meredith. She stormed into my office, basically wanting to kill me. We compared notes. I showed her your picture. We went out. Me and a young man fought over her, and I won. The question is, did I really win? We finally went to bed right before you showed up again. Now I have a real problem. I love both of you. I can't marry both of you, and given that you both feel more like lesbians, do I even have a chance? Meredith, do you love me?

"Yes, I very much do. No matter what happens, I absolutely love you William Gabriel Cutter."

"How did you find out my middle name. Hell my staff dosn't know it!"

"Great bunch of ace detectives you guys are! You should hire me."

"We will get back to that. Ok, Paula, are you in love with me?

"Yes I most certainly am in love with you...Gabriel! But I am also in love with Meredith. We can't all be in love with each other. It's not natural."

"Yes it is. If you have ten children Paula, will you love them all equally? If you had eight brothers and sisters, would you love them equally?

"Well, yeah there is that. But what about favoritism and jealousy?"

"What about it? It happens. If you rock the boat, it might tip over. So don't do that! How about we act like grownups instead of children? We love and cherish each other. Just so you know, Meredith and I had hot, unprotected sex the other day. I'm praying for a boy. Is that my baby you are carrying?"

"Yes, she is yours! In nine months, you are gonna be in heaven, two big titted wives, that both love you, and both are gonna be lactating. Look at the face, you can't stop smiling." Paula was thinking ahead.

"Paula, in a couple of months, lover boy will be with two very horny women, those pregnancy hormones will get us both hot, hot, hot! You're lucky you have a big fat dick there Gabriel."

Meredith was thinking ahead.

"Yes, so are we! One on his magical tongue, the other on his magnificent cock." Paula was licking her lips.

That night was all that and a big hot chocolate! 

I ate each woman, and the other woman made use of my dick, then they sixty-nined. I fucked them both while they sucked each other and me. I did doggy with one, finger fucking the other. I came six times. And this was just the first day! I slept like a king between both women, both had their hand on my shaft. The next morning, they were taking turns sucking my dick. Meredith was a natural. She could even deep throat with ease.They both got cleaned out for Valentine's Day. I got to fuck both their asses, I am so very happy.
