 It was almost 40 years ago and I was in the military stationed at a base in rural Georgia. I had spent the day in Atlanta and was returning home when I spotted two girls hitchhiking on a road far from houses or stores. They looked cute and I decided to play the gentleman and give them a ride. 

Their names were Crystal and Sharon. Crystal was a brunette with large brown eyes and nice, full breasts. Sharon was a petite blonde with blue eyes and perky boobs. Crystal was a talker, Sharon was more introverted. Crystal immediately informed me that they had recently graduated from high school and were looking for some fun. She was very flirtatious and I began to think we might share more than a ride.

"We have lots of friends here," Crystal said. "Because we are very friendly, really friendly. We love making new friends."

"I see, well, maybe we can be friends," I replied. "Would you like to have a drink with me and we can get better acquainted?" The girls agreed and we went to a sports bar near my apartment. I ordered a beer and the girls asked for Long Island Ice Tea. I was relieved when they both presented valid IDs to the waitress - the drinking age was 18 in most states in the 1970s.

We chatted a bit and the conversation was dominated by Crystal, she was quite a talker. "We've had lots of boyfriends, but we are tired of boys our age. They are so immature. We like older men." This was an interesting bit of information and I was slightly amused to realize that at 23 they considered me an older man. 

The girls were a bit giddy and Crystal began rubbing my neck and telling me I looked too tense and needed to relax. It had been a busy few weeks as we had just finished a major training exercise. Sharon was also beginning to come out of her shell after consuming half her drink. I decided to invite them to my apartment to continue the conversation.

We reached my place and I offered the girls another drink. They each had a beer and we sat on the couch with me between the two girls. "So you like making new friends? Well, so do I." I told them as I started rubbing a thigh with each hand. I then kissed each girl in turn, raised my drink and said "to new friends." The girls both giggled and I turned to Sharon and said "how about a nice kiss for your new friend." I lifted her chin with one hand and started to gently kiss her lips. She responded and it soon became a passionate kiss. 

Crystal interrupted us saying, "how about me?" I then started kissing Crystal. I took her in my arms, kissed her deeply and started to run my hands all over her body. I met no resistance so I took a step further and put a hand under her shirt and began fondling her. Again, there was no resistance just more passionate kissing. I undid her bra and felt her bare titties - nice, firm round C cups I judged. After a minute or so, I decided to press my advantage and lifted her shirt over her head. Crystal just laughed and shook her boobs at me when the shirt was completely off. 

"Come on girl, let's see your tits too," Crystal challenged Sharon to go topless. Sharon was a bit reluctant and Crystal simply walked over to her and pulled her shirt off. Sharon was braless with nice perky boobs and nipples that seemed to be pointing to the sky. I embraced Sharon and kissed her while fondling her breasts. This was going better than I could have possibly hoped. While I was doing this, Crystal decided to take things a step further. "Look at me," she said, standing there completely nude. She had stripped off her shorts and panties while I was making out with Sharon. I stood up, hugged her and began to run one hand over her pussy lips while we made out. Sharon meanwhile got into the spirit of things and took her jeans off as well. 

"I guess I am very overdressed," I said. So I quickly got naked. "Let's go to the bedroom." The girls giggled and followed me to the room. I had a nice, queen sized bed and both girls laid down. I decided to begin with Sharon and started to suck on one of her nipples. To my surprise, I found Crystal sucking the other one.

"We like to play with each other, too." Crystal explained. This was a fantasy come to life. I moved down Sharon's stomach kissing and licking. I spread her legs apart and began to lick her pussy which was getting wetter and wetter by the second. I found her little love button and began to suck and lick it. Sharon was getting more and more visibly excited. Crystal said that they had never had a guy lick their pussies.

Crystal began to make out with Sharon while I pleasured the petite blonde. Soon Sharon began to tremble and reached a huge orgasm, screaming "oh my God!" over and over. I took my turn kissing her while Crystal started to play with my cock.

"You have a really big one," Crystal said. It is a little over 7 inches and fairly thick. She took it in her mouth and began to suck. It was obvious that she had quite a bit of experience giving blow jobs. I lay back and made out with Sharon while Crystal went to work on my cock. I told Crystal to take it easy for a bit as I did not want to come too soon. 

"It's your turn for some pussy licking," I told Crystal. I went down on her and Sharon started sucking her tits. It did not take me very long to make her scream with the pleasure of an intense orgasm. The three of us made a group hug and began kissing each other as hands explored boobs, asses, and my cock. Crystal pushed me back and resumed sucking my cock, this time sharing it with Sharon. I had never experienced anything like having two pretty girls sucking me. I warned them I was about to cum and Crystal just sucked harder as I exploded into her mouth. It really surprised me that she let me cum in her mouth. It astounded me when she turned to Sharon and they began to kiss, sharing my load between them.

I was young then, and my cock remained hard even after shooting a giant load. I reached for a condom and told the girls it was time for some fucking. I started with Crystal. I stood next to the bed holding her legs apart and started to slowly fuck her. Sharon watched for a while, but soon began to play with Crystal's boobs. Crystal took Sharon's hand and placed it over her clit. Sharon took the hint and played with Crystal's love button as I pounded her pussy. Crystal soon reached another crashing orgasm and it became Sharon's turn to be fucked. 

I fucked Sharon doggie style while Crystal lay under her and alternately licked my cock and Sharon's clit. Sharon screamed even louder with her second orgasm. We all collapsed on the bed, a girl on either side of me. Crystal took the condom off me and started to suck me. Sharon joined her and again I shot a big load, this time into Sharon's mouth. 

We all had another drink while remaining naked. There was more kissing, fondling, licking, sucking and fucking for another hour or so. Well, all good things must come to an end and we had to get dressed and I dropped the girls at Crystal's house. My one regret is that I transferred out a few days later and never had the opportunity to play with them again. Even now, 40 years later, I get a huge erection when I remember those two nymphs.