 There was something incredibly hot about having sex with Mel, my girlfriend Michelle's sister, that made me think about practically nothing else until I did it again. Michelle was still my favorite, and I had no intention to let Mel take her place or anything, but I had never been able to stay focused on one girl as it was. Michelle not only knew that fact but had suggested I bang her sister in the first place (though alcohol may have played a role). In fact, Michelle was in the next room over that first time I banged Mel, no doubt able to hear everything. Even so, I felt that luck was too good to be true, so the next time I hooked up with Mel, Michelle was none the wiser.

I didn't want Michelle to think I was starting to favor her sister to her, so Mel and I agreed to keep it quiet this time. We both knew it was just a new, fun and brief infatuation that would pass, so we planned to simply ride it out. After I looked Mel up online, Mel and I met up less than two weeks after our first intercourse at the same location - her house - and didn't mince any words as soon as I arrived.

Words, actually, escaped me the second I stepped into that welcoming kitchen again. Mel didn't say a word either, simply standing in the doorway to the hall. I had thought Mel was hot the day I met her just a little while ago, but this time she had raised the bar, likely because this time we were meeting specifically for sex while the last time it had just kind of happened.

The 5'4" Italian babe smiled seductively at me, her bright brown eyes wide with excitement as her long, dark brown hair hung straight down to her shoulders. Plenty of her very tan skin was exposed as her thin, toned body was dressed in a short black miniskirt and a tight gray sleeveless top. Capping off the outfit were some pieces of jewelry and a pair of sexy black high heels which were backless and open-toe.

"My sister has talked a little bit about what you like," she said slyly as I very obviously took in the outfit. The next few moments were a blur, but we ended up in Mel's bedroom upstairs with the only clothing between the two of us that didn't end up on the floor being a bracelet, a necklace the shoes (all on Mel, of course), per my request. The next thing I knew, we were in the bed, Mel on her hands and knees, facing me as I knelt in front of her and watched her take my cock in her mouth.

"Shit, baby," I muttered as Mel bobbed her head back and forth, sucking as much of my cock as would fit in her mouth as she rubbed my balls, "you're so good at that."

Mel grinned, pulling back her head and stroking my cock with her hand just long enough to say, "Whose blowjobs are better, mine or Shell's? I won't tell." There was something fantastically dirty about comparing one sister to the other. I was more than happy to play along.

"I'd have to say yours," I said, probably being honest, though I may have just been caught up in the moment. "It's hard to say - I'll need a few more before I can really decide." Mel just grinned again and then went back to sucking my cock, this time sliding her head back and forth more quickly as she polished my knob. Her wet tongue pressed against the bottom of my cock while my shaft slid past those luscious lips over and over again, driving me wild and causing me to tilt my head back and moan. Meanwhile my hands traveled up Mel's sides, resting on her boobs for just a moment before grasping her hair and both sides and gently pulling.

Mel administered one of the most wonderful blowjobs I'd had in a while for another minute or so until she pulled back and helped push me onto my back, my cock now pointing straight up in the air while Mel shifted over me. With her knees straddled on each side of my waist, Mel took my cock in one hand, balancing herself with her other hand on my stomach, and guided my stiff erection, slick with Mel's spit, into her pussy.

Mel's sex hole was just as tight as I had remembered it, and, even though it was very wet from anticipation, it took a minute to push my thick cock all the way into the tight opening, making Mel and I even hornier as we were eager to start fucking. At last, Mel rocked herself all the way down to the base of my cock, the shaft now coated in Mel's vaginal secretions and ready to give my girlfriend's hot sister and I the fix we so desperately craved.

Still on her knees, Mel began to slide up and down me right away, both of us moaning right from the start. My hands ran up Mel's knees to her waist while the slender brunette rocked her hot body up and down, over and over again, her hair and boobs swinging as she fucked me steadily as I held onto her. I think my cock got even harder inside Mel as her tight twat clung desperately to my phallus that went deep into Mel each time she came down on me. Each time we made eye contact, we laughed a bit from the joy of the pleasure we were feeling as well as the naughty feeling of fornicating apart from Michelle's knowledge.

"Where does Shell think you are right now?" Mel said between breaths as she panted while sliding up and down me.

"A friend's house," I panted back.

"Well, that's not inaccurate," Mel said, pushing her hair out of her face and then putting her hand back on my waist. "I really don't think she'd mind if she knew what we were doing."

"Maybe," I said, and then we went back to focusing on sex. After another moment, Mel shifted back, picking her feet up and planting her high heels on either side of my waist, her knees now pointing up in the air and her hands behind her back, balancing herself with her hands on my legs. Now being able to view Mel's entire body from her toes to her head, I was wild with lust and sunk my nails into her flesh just as she went back to rocking up and down me.

Mel and I cursed in unison as she moved up and down, slapping her body against mine as she came down over and over again, hard and fast. Her hair and necklace swung around her neck, and her boobs jiggled up and down with the rhythm of her body's riding my cock until I reached up and squeezed her ample breasts, now holding them in place as she fucked me, coming down on my balls again and again. 

I let go of Mel's boobs and gripped her ankles instead, occasionally thrusting up into my newest friend but for the most part just watching her as she rode my stiff prick with impressive stamina. I noticed beads of sweat forming on her forehead and between her breasts as she remarkably kept up her pace, fucking me hard and taking my cock as deep inside her as she could. 

"Oh gosh," I moaned. "You and your sister really know how to fuck!" Mel laughed, letting out a loud exhale but not slowing down as her perfect body rocked mine. She didn't say a word but only continued to ride me with a big smile on her face.

At last, Mel finally slowed down, coming to a stop and grinding on me instead as she took deep breaths. My hands wrapped even tighter around her ankles, just above her sexy high heels, as I too inhaled deeply. I had been approaching an orgasm and considering unloading inside my girlfriend's sister, but once Mel switched it up, I did my best to hold off my climax and instead keep up the hot sex.

I suggested Mel get on her hands and knees, which she eagerly did, and I got back to my knees, setting up behind that lovely tan ass between those sexy legs and heels. Mel looked over at her shoulder at me, long strands of her dark brown hair falling in her face while she watched me spread her and then insert my cock back into that wet pussy. Mel's cunt felt so good that I couldn't control myself.

"Oh fuck yeah, Mel!" I yelled, putting both hands on the girl's hips and thrusting my cock deep into her. I shouted some other encouragements to my new friend, who took it all in stride, lowering her head as she moaned and gripped the sheets below her tightly while I moved in and out of her. Before long, my balls were slapping against her clit as I pounded her doggystyle hard and fast, giving full vent to my lust.

Mel rocked her body back and forth while I thrust in and out of her, both of us forcing my cock as deep inside her tight Italian body as possible. We were both sweating pretty hard now and moaning uncontrollably as our lovemaking was turning into a marathon session at this point. At one point, my hands slid down those sexy tan legs back to her ankles, and I held her there while she slammed back into me over and over and over again. Up until about a week ago, I had had no idea that Michelle had a sister who was such a good fuck. As it would turn out, up to this point, I still didn't really know.

Mel and I finished off by getting Mel on her back, spreading her legs far apart and lifting her heels up in the air. I scooted up, resting one of Mel's ankles on my shoulder and allowing the other to wrap around my waist as I slipped my cock back into her wet twat. Once inside, I leaned forward, sinking all the way in, and put my hands on Mel's tits as I fucked her nice and hard. Mel closed her eyes briefly as I started to rail her some more, both of us moaning with pleasure.

Grunting and panting as sweat poured down my face, I squeezed Mel's boobs hard and pounded her pussy, my balls slapping steadily against her taint as I ravished her beautiful body. Mel's hands ran up my arms, scratching my flesh as she took the steady pummeling. I thrust faster and faster, banging Mel harder and harder until I let go of her breasts and leaned over on top of her, letting the leg that had been draped over my shoulder fall down my arm and wrap around my back with her other leg, her ankles now crossed over each other behind me, her heels poking my back just a bit. I didn't mind; it kind of turned me on, actually.

Mel wrapped her arms around my back, and, by impulse, I kissed my girlfriend's sister while I thrust in and out of her pussy over and over again as we were wrapped tightly together. Mel didn't seem to mind and, in fact, kissed me back with her limbs holding me tightly to her, our sweat mingling and my cock slamming in and out of her cunt all the harder until Mel, whose tongue was swirling past my lips, moaned into my mouth and at last came on my cock, her sweat-soaked body shuddering as she did. Her already tight pussy grew even more constricted around my member as she enjoyed her orgasm.

Mel moaned deliberately at each of my thrusts during and after my orgasm, her eyes closed the whole time. When she did open them, I was still fucking her tight body to my heart's content. Her bright browns met my eyes, and she smiled and said, "Your turn."

We had been fucking for almost an hour at this point, so I was ready to go at a moment's notice. "Where do you want it?"

"Anywhere you want," Mel said with a devilish grin. I knew where I wanted it.

"Even on your face?" I asked.

Mel grinned. "Yes," she answered simply. With that exchanged, I really hammered Mel's pussy until my balls were ready to explode. I quickly pulled out, Mel panting as she relaxed her arms and legs and allowed me to get to my knees, hover over the sweaty bitch and briefly beat myself off as I pointed my swelling cock at that pretty face and prepared to unload.

"That's it," Mel cooed. "Mmm, all over my fucking face." This girl was a goddess! With a loud moan, I erupted, spraying streak after streak of thick, hot cum all over Mel's smiling face, covering the bitch's cheeks, nose and forehead, even getting some around her eyes (though I tried not to) and a good amount in her hair, which was now matted with sweat as well. Once the last of my jizz was released, I took a deep breath, exhaled loudly and fell limply beside my new friend.

With a satisfied sigh, Mel kicked off the shoes and stepped out of bed, grabbing some nearby tissues to wipe off the cum that was streaming down her face. I lie there dazed for a moment before I too got up to clean up and get dressed.

Afterward, the night was still young, so Mel suggested meeting up with Michelle. Mel and I would go our separate ways first, though Mel insisted her sister wouldn't mind. As I was just about to go, Mel stopped me and said, "You know, your reputation precedes you."

"What do you mean?" It turns out that, although I thought the depths of the depravity of some of my other sexual exploits were unknown to my girlfriend Michelle, some mutual friend had clued Michelle in, particularly regarding my experience with devil's threesomes and double penetration. While Michelle had, to this point, not brought up to me her knowledge of these preferences of mine, she had shamelessly done so with her sister.

"Shell isn't too into that kind of stuff," Mel told me, "but I might be." My jaw must have hit the floor. A goddess, like I said. "Maybe you can get one of your friends to join us next time."

I certainly did get a friend to join us. Within two weeks I was back at Mel's house, this time with my buddy Miles, who, upon seeing a picture of Mel, had instantly agreed to join me in double-teaming this sex demon. For this event, we met later into the night, and Mel went all out, wearing a tight little black dress and a pair of sexy red high heels along with a silver necklace and a couple bracelets. Again, she greeted us from the hall doorway, standing seductively and making me hard instantly.

"Damn," Miles said. "Even better then in the pictures." After a couple drinks to help take the edge off, Miles and I followed the slender brunette up the stairs and into the bedroom. My heart was pounding louder than Mel's heels were clacking against each of the hardwood steps. The nerves I felt inside were for more than one reason. Not only was threesome sex always an exciting endeavor, teaming up on a particular girl for the first time only accentuated the build-up. Most of all, though, the fact that Miles and I were about to share my girlfriend's sister totally independent of Michelle's knowledge (as far as I knew, anyway) really had my energy pumping.

It wasn't the first male-female-male threesome for Miles and not for me by a long shot, but it was Mel's first, which fact added extra anticipation for me. My past experience would be fortunate for Mel as I would be able to coach her through it and ensure we all had the most fun possible. Any type of sex, including threesomes - DP or otherwise - is more fun when everyone is into it and having a great time.

Cutting to the chase, Miles and I helped the lady out of her dress and then quickly out of her underwear. Like the last time I had been with Mel, I requested that the heels and jewelry stayed on. Once we were all naked, it was time for sufficient foreplay to make sure Mel was as turned on as possible so she could welcome these two cocks. Needless to say, Miles and I were plenty turned on just from the sight of Mel sans her dress and underwear.

We started the next phase of the evening by throwing Mel onto the bed, on her back. She giggled as we two men came up on her, I between her legs and Miles near her head. Mel looked first down at me and spread her legs wide, lifting them up so that her heels were pointing to the ceiling. Her pussy was now in plain view and already glistening with the anticipation of what was about to ensue. Meanwhile, Miles began to massage Mel's boobs before leaning down and putting his mouth on her nipples.

Mel giggled as Miles sucked in her tits, but it was my mouth's contact with her cunt that elicited the louder noise, making Mel moan with delight as I began to eat her out. We boys spent a good, long time orally attending to Mel's erogenous zones, I occasionally working a finger or two into play, so that, by the end of our foreplay, Mel was squirming uncontrollably and begging us to fuck her.

Next, we got Mel on her hands and knees while we knelt on either end of her. I really wanted to start with another one of those awesome blowjobs, so I had Mel's head near my cock, which by now was aching for attention, and allowed Miles the pleasure of going right to work to break Mel's pussy in for the vigorous exercise it was in for tonight. Almost immediately, we were each sinking our respective dick into either end of this petite, toned babe, who was moaning softly around my prick as is slid in deeper and deeper, approaching her throat.

Miles and I cursed and moaned from the sensations of split-roasting Mel and grabbed onto the woman as we both partook of her. Miles held tightly to Mel's ass and thrust in and out of her pussy, slowly at first but quickly building up steam. I, meanwhile, held onto her head and stayed still, letting Miles's thrusting into the other end of Mel push her forward and back, causing her wet tongue and lips to slide from the tip of my cock to the base and back again, over and over. As Miles rocked her harder, Mel reached up with both hands and held onto my hips, clutching me to keep herself held up and fastened on my dick as she sucked it while getting pushed onto it again and again.

Miles appeared to be having no shortage of enjoyment fucking the girl he'd just met, slapping her ass and digging his nails into her toned, tanned flesh while he railed her at one end. I just sighed and moaned with delight while Mel clung to me and continued to suck me as I held onto her head and occasionally pulled her hair. We were having so much fun in just that setup that we didn't even both switching Mel around until it was time for the main course.

Once in a while, I would pull out of Mel's mouth and slap her face playfully with my dick to let her catch her breath. On one such occasion, as Mel continued to thrust forward from Miles's powerful pounding at the other end, her hair flying into her face back and forth and her tits swinging as well, Mel put her hands back on the mattress and, looking up at me with longing eyes, said, "Do you want to try a Mel sandwich?"

"Hell yes," I said, indicating to Miles to let up. Once Miles desisted from fucking Mel, he got on his back, and Mel, still clad in her jewelry and high heels, climbed up on him and straddled him, using her own hand to guide his cock back into her pussy. Miles left his hands at his sides for now as he let Mel slide down on him, both of them moaning as their bodies joined together again. I watched on with untamed lust, both from watching my girlfriend's sexy hot sister taking a dick again and also anticipating getting to fuck her ass very soon in a double penetration sandwich.

Miles and Mel stayed relatively still as they waited for me to join, though Mel softly ground on Miles once he was balls-deep in her. Then I, after lubing up plenty, knelt behind the couple, jacking myself off and preparing to enter that lovely ass. Miles took the cue to spread Mel's ass nice and wide for me, and Mel looked over her shoulder to watch as I got ready to give her first double penetration. As I inched closer, I could see and hear that Mel was inhaling deeply and was trying to relax in an effort to maximize the pleasure of this taboo experience.

My eyes darted between Mel's face peering over her shoulder and my cock pressing against that open asshole, just above where Miles's cock was stuffed firmly inside Mel's pussy. With one hard push, the tip of my penis penetrated Mel's asshole, causing the bitch to suddenly lunge a little closer toward my buddy beneath her and cry out from the increased pressure inside her. Focused, I slid forward, sinking deeper and deeper into Mel until, at last, my balls rested on her taint, just above where my friend was penetrating the same girl.

Mel took some deep breaths and cried out with a noise that was difficult to distinguish as pleasure or pain. Perhaps it was both, as the girl undoubtedly was swelling with sensations that were brand new to her. Attempting to ease my lady friend into the new experience as much as possible, I ran my hands gently up and down her back and sides as Miles and I slowly ground our engorged cocks inside Mel's tight little sex holes, preparing to give the girl just what she asked for. 
