 "Come here," you say in your sultry, sexy voice beckoning me towards your waiting body. 

I step forward and you reach up pulling me down onto the bed with you. your lips find mine as your hands roam my body frantically, stripping me of my clothing. I taste your tongue as it slides between my lips, twirling and writhing in my mouth. Your hand finds the bulge in my pants, and you give me a gentle squeeze as I pull your panties down your legs. 

"What's gotten into you?" I ask as you unbutton my fly, and begin to fish my cock out of my pants. 

"I had a dream." you say simply as you pull my pants down around my ass.

"And that made you call me up at three a.m.?"

you pull my face to yours once again as you guide my hand to your waiting pussy. I thrust a finger into your damp hole, causing you to moan into my mouth. 

"Eat my pussy," you hiss into my ear. 

I lay you back on the bed and place my lips on your neck. your hands claw at me as I suck your tender flesh. Working my way down, I stop briefly at your breasts, sucking each nipple in turn. I then move down lower, over your stomach and onto your hips, kissing and licking tenderly. You reach out and take hold of my dick in your hand, stroking it up and down, coaxing me to lick your little wet pussy. As I move from your thighs, up the middle of your legs, I breath hot air down onto your sensitive folds. My ass is facing you and you grope at it in a lewd fashion when my tongue touches your clit. I can already taste you, and I know that you had been masturbating prior to my arrival. I place my hands under your ass and push my face into your hot hole, thrusting my tongue deep into the wet recesses of your hungry pussy. I hear you gasp in pleasure as my tongue enters your body. 

"Come here," you say softly as you coax me into a sixty nine position.

Obeying your request, I swing a leg over your face straddling your head. We have never down it this way before and the thought turns me on even more. 

As my tongue explores your sweet little pussy, your mouth finds my balls and you start to bathe them in saliva. Your hand holds my cock, and in our current position you find it difficult to get your lips around it. You settle for stroking it as you lick my balls, while I eat away at your delicious cunt. 

I can feel you moaning around my balls, and I pull your legs up, locking my arms around your thighs. With your hips now lifted off the bed, I give you a series long, loving licks from your clit to the base of your asshole. I know how you love having your ass licked and I know it will turn you on even more. As I zero in on your tight anus, I feel one of your fingers poking at my ass. I moan in appreciation as swipe my wet tongue across your exposed butthole as you force your slender digit into my body. 

I can still feel your tongue lapping at my balls as well as the sensitive area between my balls and ass. Your moans increase with intensity as my tongue stabs at your little asshole. With your legs locked under my arms, I have full access to your most private regions and begging to lose control. First, I'm sucking at your clit nibbling it between my lips. Then I'm doing my best to slide my tongue up your ass as cover my backside with loving kisses.

As you pull your finger from my ass you lick me. First your little pink tongue licks my balls, working its way upwards. 

"Fuck yes!" I groan as I feel you touch my sensitive asshole with your wet tongue. 

You're moaning into my ass now, as I reach back and pull your face into me., Your licks go from tentative flicks of the tongue to hard thrusting as you push your tongue into my ass. I respond by doing the same, enclosing my lips around your asshole and pushing my tongue up inside you. Your hand is jacking my dick faster and faster. My hand grabs a hold of your hair and pulls as my body shudders. Your asshole clenches around my tongue as my cock begins to shoot creamy white fluid all over your neck and chest. 

I pull my body off of you and lay beside you on the bed. I glance over to see you rubbing my cum all over your tits as you sit there contently. 

"So are you going to tell me about this dream?" 

You look over to me, smiling.

"I feel so dirty for having it."

"That's okay." 

"Well, there was me, you and another guy."

"And?"

"You filled my holes."

"You mean..."

"Yes. You were both fucking me at the same time."

"And you're into that?"

"Well, I never really thought about it, bu that dream got me so wet!" 

I lay back and think about it. 

"Are you saying you want to try that?" I ask.

"Only if it's okay with you."

"Well... Your birthday is coming up soon..."

You jump on me right there and then, thanking me as you cover me with kisses.

"Oh thank you, thank you, thank you!" 

I push you over onto your back.

"No." I say as I slide my cock into your wet pussy. "Thank you."

* * *

I'm driving home when my cell phone rings. I answer and hear your sweet voice. 

"Hurry up and get over here!" you say. 

You explain to me that you've found someone to help fullfill your fantasy. My cock gets hard instantly. I tell you that I'll be there right away. I then hang up the phone and turn around heading to your house.

Ten minutes later I walk through your door. The house is silent, as I make my way towards your room. As I reach the living room I'm stunned to see you on your knees before a man who is sitting in one of your large plush armchairs. I stand there shocked.

"Oh, hey!" you say cheerfully after noticing my presence. 

You then lower your mouth onto the man's cock, taking deep into your throat as he guides you with his hand. He looks at me and nods hello, before turning his attention back to you as your mouth slides up and down his cock. I can see that you're wearing the skirt I bought you for your birthday, along with a pair of black boots. You look beautiful, even if you do appear a little slutty. Reluctantly I make my way over to you.

"This is Zack." you say, pulling your mouth from his cock once again. 

Again the man nods. He seems quiet, although it may be the fact that he seems focused on the spectacular blowjob he's receiving form you. He has dark hair and dark eyes,and actually looks a lot like me, although he seems taller.

As I get closer I reach under your skirt and notice that you have no panties on. My hand touches your soft pussy lips, and then slides up inside you. Your hole is so wet, I'm able to put three fingers right up inside you as my thumb rubs your tiny asshole. I can't take it. I need more. 

Reaching around, I pull your skirt down off your ass. You moan in approval and raise your hips into the air. As I lower my face and begin to kiss your creamy white ass, I notice you sucking Zack's balls. His hand is holding your head down as if forcing to do it. I can hear the moans escape your mouth as I push a finger back up your pussy and touch your asshole with my tongue. 

Subconsciously, I reach down and rub my crotch as my tongue travels back and forth up your crack. From your wet, willing pussy to your tight, puckered ass, my tongue roams, leaving a glistening trail of saliva in its wake. 

Suddenly you are pulled away from me, as Zack coaxes you up onto his lap. You climb aboard eagerly, grabbing his face and kissing him deeply. Your kiss is not the long, loving type that you and I share, but a frenzied, lustful face fucking with you tongues. He pulls your shirt off and devours your tits, sucking hard on each nipple as your arms lock around his head. 

Reaching down you grab his cock and point it upwards towards your waiting hole. 

"Yeah," Zack moans. "Get on my cock!" 

I see the lust in your eyes, as you lower your body onto his dick. I see your tender pussy lips part as they are invaded by his turgid shaft, forcing its way into your depths. 

"Oh My God!" you exclaim. "Your cock feels so good!"

I take my time stripping down naked as I watch you fuck this other man. Your hips are gyrating on him, swallowing up his dick. I can see your asshole clenching and unclenching, just begging to be filled. You then turn and look into my eyes.

"Put that cock of yours right up my ass!"

I notice the bottle of lubricant that you have set out on the coffee table. I take it and squeeze a good amount into my palm as I notice you begin to finger your own ass.

The site encourages me to hurry, and I start lubing ip my cock, eager to get inside you.

I walk forward, and gently pull your hand away from your ass. You lean forward on Zack's body and I get into position. You stop your gyrating as your feel the slippery head of my cock touch your sensitive rim. You push your head into Zack's chest, muttering numerous foul obscenities under your breath as your asshole opens up and my dick begins its ascent into your tight little hole. 

"Oh yes! Fill me up!" you yell. "I feel so dirty!"

The fit is tighter than usual due to the cock in your pussy, but I manage to force my way into your butt. As you start to move again I can feel Zack's cock through your internal walls, invading your cunt just as my cock invades your ass. 

"Oh my fucking God!!" you scream. "I'm going to fucking cum! Fuck me you bastards! Fuck my pussy and asshole!"

Your body quivers and shakes as Zack and I pound your holes mercilessly with our dicks. I wrap a good portion of your hair around my hand and yank your head back as you climax. 

"Fuuuuuuuuucccccccckkkkkkkk!!" you scream at the top of your lungs. 

I can feel your pussy and ass convulsing at the same time, as your hands claw at Zack's chest. Suddenly Zack bucks forward violently, groaning in pleasure. 

"Yesss", you hiss as his cock dumps a load of hot cum inside you. 

I can't believe another man just came inside you! I start to fuck you faster, plunging your ass with long, deep strokes. I can feel it coming. For a second I wonder what I should do. I then grab a hold of your hips and fill your asshole with my cream, coating your insides with it so much that it begins to leak out from around my cock. 

As I pull my softening dick from your anus, I feel an intense drowsiness come over me. I sit back and watch as you give Zack one more kiss before dismounting your sweaty body from his. I grab a drink of water before retiring to your bedroom to lay down. Before I know it, I'm asleep. 

I awake feeling of the bed shaking violently. Wearily, I open an eye looking to my side. 

"Yeah, fuck me! Oh yeah, yes! Right up my ass!"

Your sweet voice shouting such obscenities pulls me from my sleepy haze. I glance to my side to see you lying on your stomach with Zack lying on top of your prone body with his cock firmly embedded in your ass. His ass is rising and falling with short jerking thrusts causing the bed to shake each time. He has one of your arms pinned down behind your body and a hand firmly grasping a good portion of your hair. his face is right beside yours as he talks into your ear.

"You like that huh? You dirty little whore! Do you like my cock in your ass?" 

"Yes! I love it! I'm such a little slut! Shove your cock in my dirty little asshole!"

He's treating you like such a worthless slut and you're loving it! I lay there examining the scene as my dick begins to go hard. Your eyes are closed in passion, although there is nothing passionate about this. i wonder to myself if he's hurting you, and if you even care.

"I'm going to cum slut! Where do you want it?"

"In my fucking face! Cum all over my face!"

Suddenly, Zack pulls his cock out of your ass and grabs you by the hair dragging you up as he jerks his cock. You open your mouth in a lewd fashion, sticking out your tongue like some porn starlet. 

Zack groans as a stream of white cum explodes from the tip of his dick all over your face. You scoop up a large gob of the cream and shove it into your mouth, as he continues blasting his jism at you. 

"Suck it!" he demands shoving your head down on his cock.

You obey, eagerly sucking his dick into your willing, cum-filled mouth. I see you look up at him in admiration as you milk the last of his cum from his tip. I close my eyes again as my mind races. What have you become? 

Zack gets dressed and leaves, without much of a goodbye. I hear you get up and get in the shower. I look down at my cock, standing at attention and give it a few strokes. I then get up and make my way to the bathroom. Now I can't let you have all the fun can I?

The End

Please send comments to the link below. 