 I am a professional masseuse, and have been for many years. When I say professional, I mean that I do massage strictly with no funny business, or hanky panky.

I have a pair of clients, a husband and wife couple, that I have been massaging for quite a number of years. Doug and Diane are a very active couple with two kids in junior high school. Doug designs web-sites and Diane owns a floral shop. They do very nicely. Their house is up in the hills on about 10 acres of land, with a spectacular view. 

We have gotten very friendly over the years, like old friends. When I go to massage them we usually sit and talk for awhile and have a glass of wine on the deck. Our relationship has always been totally professional. Until recently.

A couple of weeks ago, I got a call from Doug, on the morning of one of our appointments, asking if he could meet me for lunch. I agreed and we met at a nice restaurant near his office. We chatted for awhile until he mentioned their upcoming 17th anniversary that was coming up the following weekend. They had both agreed that they wanted to do something really special. Doug seemed very nervous. I asked him what was wrong.

"This is really tough to say," he stammered. "And I don't want to make you feel weird." He paused a while before continuing. "Diane and I both really enjoy your company. We think of you as our good friend." I told him that I did the same. "Well, we wanted to...Well, ask you if..." He trailed off again.

"I'm not following." I told him.

"We really don't want to risk our friendship with you." He said slowly. "We wanted to know if ...you would consider...getting closer."

"Closer?"

"Well, at the risk of offending you, we were wondering if you would consider indulging us in a more...sensual...kind of massage."

"More sensual?" I asked. "You mean sexual?"

"No, no." He stumbled. "Well, unless..." There was a long look between us, wherein I said nothing. "Diane and I both find you very attractive, and we have both been considering...you know...a...threesome. Not that you...", he stammered. I smiled at him.

"When I started in this line of work, I swore that I would never get involved in anything sexual with my clients." He looked a bit sad and ashamed for asking. "Don't get me wrong, I'm very flattered that you are asking. I think that you are both very attractive. Very! I suppose if I was ever to consider something like that, it would probably be with people like you two."

"But,..." he trailed off. "I hope that you're not offended."

"No. Truly."

"Will you still make our appointment tonight?" I patted his hand.

"Of course. Believe me. It's okay."

That night when I got to their house, I felt like Diane in particular was really embarrassed. It remained that way until we were alone and I was massaging her. I worked on her in silence until I asked,

"Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Why?"

"You seem so quiet."

"Well, I'm a little embarrassed.

"By what?"

"Well, having Doug ask you to help us with our little fantasy."

"Oh, don't be embarrassed. Besides we didn't really get into that much detail."

"I'm sorry for putting you on the spot like that."

"Don't be." I told her quietly. "Besides, I'm very flattered." There was a very long silence for a while, then I asked her, "What is your fantasy?" We remained silent for awhile.

She told me how they had discussed getting a sensual massage, wherein the masseuse would be topless or nude, and there would be a lot of intimate touching, between all of them. Doug would help massage Diane and vice versa. She even admitted to being curious about being with another woman. She must have talked for half an hour about what she would like to try and watch her husband try. I asked her what they would do about fulfilling this fantasy, she said they might call an escort service. 

Throughout the rest of her massage and Doug's I kept thinking about them and the way they looked nude, I was becoming intrigued with the idea of them wanting to try something new and erotic, and do it together. Even after I left their house I couldn't get it out of my head. When I got home I mentioned it to my husband, who was already half-asleep. He told me that it sounded like fun to him, and that I might enjoy it. That kept me up half the night.

The following evening, after thinking about what kind of person they might get, sight unseen, from an escort service, I considered doing it. 'What the hell' I thought, 'it might be fun'. I asked my husband again if he thought I should do it. He took a long moment to consider.

"You really seem to enjoy their company." He said. I nodded. "Do you find them attractive?" 

"Well, yeah. They're beautiful, both of them."

"And they want to make love with you?" 

"Well, touching and feeling." I countered.

"Trust me." He said. "They want to make love with you." He gave me a questioning nod. I nodded back. They probably did. "Well I think that you would have a great time. Plus, I think that you would make a fabulous third for a threesome."

"You think I should..." He was nodding.

"Just make them feel good and help them get off. If they want to please you too, so much the better. Just have fun. Help them have fun. I think that they'll have the time of their lives with you. Call them up." He said passing me the phone.

"It's late." I said.

"Trust me." He said. "They won't mind"

I dialed the number and Diane answered. We exchanged hellos and then chatted for a long time about our days and latest news. As we talked both of our husbands fell asleep beside us. Finally, I asked about their plans for their anniversary. Diane sounded a bit sad when she told me that she didn't want to just hire some girl from a service. It didn't sound friendly and fun. It made the whole thing feel fake and dirty. I told her that I couldn't stop thinking about it. I mentioned that I admired their ability to handle things like this as a couple, without any jealousy. She mentioned the idea of it being like a once-in-a-lifetime thing. After as long pause I asked,

"I was just wondering if...you were still interested in me...my...being the one."

"Well...of course. Why..."

"I think that I would like to do this for you. Well, with you."

"Really? Are you serious?" she asked excitedly.

"Yeah. I am. I really am. The idea turns me on a lot."

Both our husbands were snoozing beside us as we talked about all the things she wanted to try. We admitted to each other how turned on we were getting, just talking about it. 

"God, I am so wet just thinking about it." She whispered into the phone.

"Me too. I've never really thought about doing this kind of thing. My husband always tells me that if I ever do it, I'll probably love it."

"I think he's right." She said. "Do you think it would be alright if I tried going down on you?" I could feel my pussy quaking at the thought.

"Well, sure. If you want."

"Oh, I would love to spend an hour kissing your pussy. You are so beautiful. I've always wondered what you look like in the nude. I'd love to have Doug in my pussy while I kneel between your legs eating your pussy." I was moaning into phone by now. "Ooh, that sounds good when you moan like that. Are you wet?"

"So wet." I moaned again. 

"Stroke your pussy for me. Imagine that it's my tongue. I am going to eat your pussy, Jen. I want you to come in my mouth. Ooh, play with your tits, while I lick you wet pussy and Doug fucks me from behind." Her voice came ragged and raspy as she said, "Oh! I'm coming!" I did as well. Right with her. We stayed on the phone a short while after and then bid farewell, like a couple of randy schoolgirls, confessing to not being able to wait until the weekend.

I was thoroughly distracted for the rest of the week. As the weekend approached I grew more and more nervous. Saturday morning I was awakened by my husband in our typical Saturday morning fashion, him kissing my pussy. He mentioned that I was soaking wet before he even started on me. I confessed to having a sexy dream. Our lovemaking was hot and passionate, more so than usual.

We were in the shower together when he asked if I was going to see them tonight. When I told him yes, he about fainted.

"Are you sure that you're alright about this?" I asked him. He took me in his arms, nodding. We kissed passionately. 

"You must promise me two things, " he said as we parted. "One, you must tell me everything that happens. Leave nothing out. Second, you must try everything, even if you're not sure that you'll like it. Just try it and see."

We were both so hot, that we made love again standing in the shower, before he trimmed my pussy nice and short, then ate me to another orgasm. So good! He helped me choose an outfit for the evening and one to start the massage in. 

I dressed and packed my things and was ready to go about an hour before it was time to leave. My husband and I sat around for the hour talking about them; what they looked like; descriptions of their bodies. He had never met them, but was interested in doing so after hearing about what they wanted to do with me. Finally the time came and I got into the car and drove to their house. I felt like I was sitting on ants; I couldn't sit still.

When I arrived they were very nicely dressed. Doug was wearing a casual suit and a silk shirt open at the chest and Diane was wearing a full length evening dress that left little to the imagination. It was a sheer silk that clung to her body beautifully. It draped from her erect nipples very enticingly. Her black thong was clearly visible through the material. I was wearing a small black cocktail dress that was cut high on the thigh and plunged deeply in the front. I have "B" cup breasts but they look nice and full and soft in the cleavage of my dress.

"Don't we all look lovely?" she said as we all examined each other. "Come. We're having cocktails on the deck." We sat at the table on the back deck, beautifully laid out with food and their finest tableware. It was a glorious evening; sun low in the sky; a warm breeze gently stroking through the trees. The view from their deck is spectacular, down through the valley to the ocean beyond. "I can't tell you how happy we are that you're here." She told me quietly. I looked to Doug and he winked.

We sat close together and talked about all manner of things; from life, to kids, to education and politics. I noticed that all three of us were punctuating our words with a great deal of touching. Diane would head for the kitchen for something and stroke her hand up my arm and over my shoulders. Doug made a point of gently guiding me from chair to bench, here to there, by stroking his hand over my back and arms. 

"Are you nervous?" he asked me while Diane was in the kitchen.

"Oh yeah. A little," I countered smiling.

"Please don't be. We want for you to have as much fun as we will. If there is anything that you need or want, just tell us. I would love for all of us to be completely comfortable and have fun." We smiled at each other, as I nodded slowly.

After a time I got up to change when it was apparent that it was time to begin. I changed into my massage outfit for the evening, which consisted of a gold silk robe, short just below my butt and a matching thong. It too, hung beautifully from my erect nipples and showed skin all the way to my navel. Aside from that I was nude, and very aroused. I rejoined them on the deck and Diane rose to meet me with an embrace.

"You are gorgeous." She told me softly. Her voice made me tremble a bit.

"Can I be first?" Doug asked. We moved to the living room where I had set up my table.

Doug headed for the bathroom to change. Diane walked over to wear I was setting up a few items.

"I'm so happy that you're here with us." She told me softly. "I want you to have such a good time." We embraced briefly. Doug returned wearing a towel, and smelling deliciously of his favorite cologne, which I have always admired. He pulled his towel off and laid down on the table. I noticed that he was getting a bit erect. He had to arrange his unit pointing downward for comfort. Diane sat back in a chair to watch as I got to work.

She watched me massaging Doug for awhile and then stood up and slowly removed her dress, and sat back down in her chair wearing nothing but her thong. Her nipples were very erect as she strummed her fingertips over them. She was glued to my hands as they touched and stroked her husbands back. I was getting a bit distracted by watched her toying with her hard nipples. I noticed that she was also watching my nipples as they slid back and forth under the lightweight silk. Our eyes met and I became aware of what she wanted.

I untied my robe slowly and then pulled it off setting on the sofa next to her. Her eyes never left me, as they took in every detail of my nearly nude body. She nodded and smiled at me, and then scooted her chair a little closer. As I moved around and around Doug working his body, I noticed that her panties were looking moist at the seam. I stood with my back to her as I stroked Doug's legs. Her hands were suddenly and gently touching the backs of my legs. They stroked from my ankles to my hips and back down several times. Finally they slid up and over my bottom and up my back.

Diane continued stroking my back and bottom, and then gently took hold of my panties and began pulling them down and off me. I continued with Doug as best I could, while she continued fondling my back and bottom. Her touch was soft and smooth. She then stood and moved to the other side of her husband and I noticed that she had removed her panties somewhere along the way. Her pussy was completely shaved. 

I continued stroking Doug's legs as she began to mimic me on the other side. He moaned approvingly, and his legs opened a bit more. Diane and I began stroking him more teasingly. Closer and closer to his balls. 

(To be continued...)