 I had 22 messages in my inbox as headed away from the park. I didn't realize that I had inquired on so many ads. As I got back on the main road I started cycling through them. I thought I would be ready to go home. That this was out of my system, but I couldn't. I wasn't done yet. That was too easy. Now there were all these other encounters just waiting to happen.

I pulled over and cycled through the replies. I replied back to a couple of men and then to the woman looking for someone to be with her husband. After a minute of waiting, I set up to meeting another man. The first one I had seen with the great body. His emails were very flirty and I liked him already. As I neared the hotel he asked me to come to he sent me a message:

Before you get here. Are you open to me having a friend here too?

I hurriedly typed my reply:

Pic?

A quick reply revealed another good looking body and a cock. I smiled as I looked at it. 

"Why not?" I muttered to myself as I replied back. The taste of the last guy was still in my mouth and I was only more excited now.

I pulled into the hotel parking lot, glanced at the time then headed in. It was a very nice hotel, one that I had never thought I would go to. I felt a little out of place walking through the lobby in yoga pants and a tank top, but I acted as nonchalant as I could. Maybe I just looked like I had worked out? What did they know?

I got into the elevator and went to the 12th floor. Several other guests rode with me and glanced next to me and froze. Someone from the church was almost right beside me. He was an older gentleman-one of the elders. 

What is he doing here?

I put my head down and looked away. 

The elevator dinged on the 10th floor and he walked out without looking back. I didn't think he had seen me. 

I stepped out onto the 12th floor and stopped. My mood was ruined. I had almost been caught. I took a deep breath and looked at the mirror in the hallway. What was I doing here? What would I have said if he recognized me? I was supposed to be at the church with my husband helping supervise his daughter.

I glanced at my phone:

Are you still coming?

I turned around and hit the button on the elevator. I couldn't do this. I was lucky. I opened the email to reply and accidently hit the attachments again with my thumb. There they were. The pics of what was waiting for me. I sighed. I thought about the man at the park. His grateful desperation. 

I was shaking.

The elevator door opened. I looked up in shock and was relieved that it was empty. I looked back down the hall. I had come this far. I needed to see this through. 

With new resolve I walked down the hall and stopped at the room. I knocked and waited, listening to the muffled voices on the other end. The door opened and I almost gasped. Attached to the gorgeous body was the gorgeous face of a 3o-something man with a pretty smile. 

"C.S?" He asked. 

I nodded and stepped in after him.

Another man sat on the bed. He was also in his 30's, some greying hair and a well trimmed beard. He looked extremely nervous, but he smiled at me when I met his look.

"My name is Peter, that is Frank," the first man said. 

"Hello, sorry I am a little late."

"No problem," Peter said. He looked at me for a moment. "So, I have had that ad up for like two months and I never thought someone looking like you would reply."

I laughed and blushed. "Well, I had to see if the pics you sent were real."

He smiled. "All me," he replied. "And Frank too."

I walked over to Frank and sat next to him.

"So," I said. "Are you guys in town for business?"

"Yeah," Frank answered. "We come out here like once a month."

"Cool," I replied. "So..."

Peter had his pants down and I just left my mouth open. The man was gorgeous. His body was hard and came down like a V to his perfect 8 inch dick. I looked at it and at him breathing heavily. Frank's hands were on my legs then up under my shirt. I put my hand on his thigh, rubbing his pants as his fingers ran over my tummy and side. I was tingling all over.

"You look like you have great tits," Peter said as he moved closer to me.

I put my arms up and he pulled my tank top off revealing my bra and goosebumped flesh.

"Perfect," Frank muttered as he pulled down my bra and started to suck my left breast hungrily. I kept my hand on his leg and my other hand grabbed Peter's perfect dick. He stepped towards me as I took it in my mouth. He held my head and thrust into my mouth while Frank continued to suck on my nipple. 

There was too much happening at once. I didn't know what to do with my hands, so I felt around for Frank's zipper while I cupped Peter's balls with the other hand. I couldn't suck at the same time so I just kept my mouth open and let Peter take control. All I could do was let it happen to me. It felt so good. 

I felt Frank move away and Peter had both his hands onto the sides of my face and he began to thrust faster. His balls slapped my chin and I did my best to let him control as he fucked my mouth. Suddenly he stopped, pulled out of my mouth and Frank stepped in. Almost immediately he was in my mouth and thrusting. He was much gentler than Peter and he liked to hold it in the back of my mouth. As he held it there, I pressed forward so the head would sit in my throat. I felt like a cock belonged there.

"Yes!" Frank moaned.

He pushed my head back and I slid back on the bed. Both men were naked looking down at me. 

"Turn around for us, honey," Peter said. "Those yoga pants are killing me."

I rolled onto my tummy then got on all fours. I was soaking wet as the two men looked at my ass. I felt them touch and slap at it. Then my pants came down to my knees.

"Oh my," Frank said. "Look at that ass."

"Yeah," Peter muttered.

One of them start kissing my ass and playing with my thong. I just arched my back as much as I could. Never had I felt so sexy I did in this this moment. 

Peter crawled onto the bed in front of me and sat with his back against the headboard and his legs open. His gorgeous cock flopped in front of me. I opened my mouth and he fed it to me. I took it in hungrily as Frank kissed and rubbed my ass. I focused on pleasing the cock in front of me, licking up and down it as well as his balls. 

When he was rock hard I started to suck him faster. My entire body was tingling now as Frank took down my thong and began to lick me from behind. His tongue dart over my butthole and down to my pussy. All over. I felt like he was devouring me and I, in turn, was trying to devour Peter.

Then I felt Frank's cock drive into me from behind. I groaned loudly against Peter's dick and kept it in my mouth as Frank grabbed my hips and pumped. An orgasm washed over me and Peter's cock slipped out of my mouth.

"Oh fuck!" I cried out. The orgasm shot through my body like lightning. All that had been building for the day suddenly was coming out of me. I fell forward and shook as Frank pumped into me, each time harder and harder. "Yes, yes, yes, yes...AH!" Another one came over me and I gripped the blanket tightly as the warm tingling ran up and down my body. I felt Peter pull me back up so I could keep sucking him, which I did now with new vigor. I rammed down on it, trying to swallow it whole. Peter took the hint and started forcing it into my throat. I could feel it in my neck as my air was cut off.

Frank continued to pump from behind. "Oh shit I am gonna cum!" He yelled.

I felt the warmth fill me up and start to run down my thighs as he spurted all of it into me. I couldn't groan as I choked on Peter, but I knew that I had cum again with Frank. My eyes were running now and I knew my face was getting red. Peter yanked my head back and I gasped for air. He let my head fall back to the bed as he slid off and got behind me. 

I gasped as he drove his dick into me hard. I gripped the blanket as he thrust into me all the way...hard. He held my ass with both hands and slammed into me. When he was all the way, he started to grind against me. I cried out in pleasure as heat ran up and down my tummy and tingling went down my spine. I was cumming so fast that I couldn't tell when one stopped and another started.

He yanked out of me suddenly. He had been fucking me so hard the sudden ceasing made me suddenly feel empty. I wondered if he had cum and I didn't realize. Suddenly I felt him press against my asshole. A panic ran through me and before I could roll to my side he was pressing into me. All I felt was burning.

"Ow, ow ow..." I cried out.

"Shhh," Peter said. "Just take relax honey, you are taking it.

I felt burning and hot. I knew he was in me now and he was huge. I knew his head was now all all in as I got a little relief. I couldn't help but clench and that seemed to ease the shock. I couldn't believe it. I never thought this was possible or something I would be ok with: anal sex. I gripped the bedding tightly as I he pushed into me slowly.

"Holy shit," Frank muttered. "She is taking it all."

"Yeah..." Peter said in a partial moan. "Her ass is begging for cock."

He was all the way in. The burning had subsided and was being overtaken by some other sensation. Something I had never felt before. It was very deep inside my tummy-a feeling I couldn't describe. All I could say was it was good. Very good. He pulled back very slowly, then pressed in again. It was so good. I moaned loudly. I couldn't help it. I was tingling all over. Everywhere.

"Yes," Peter said as he kept pumping slowly. "Wow...yes...suck my cock with your ass baby..."

I felt in synch with him. It only made me love it more knowing how much he was loving it. I kept my eyes closed and did all I could to let him have control. He was so far into me. I knew I was starting to cum, but it was unlike another orgasm I had ever had. It was different. More. I groaned loudly and then almost screamed.

"Yes, yes, yes!" Peter called with me. I knew he was cumming in my ass and I wanted all of it. He emptied himself into me in quick deliberate pumps.

Then it was over.

Very slowly he pulled out of me and pushed me away at the same time. I started to lay on my tummy when I felt more hands on me.

"Not yet," Frank said. "My turn..."