 I lay in the tub, letting the suds and hot water drape over my sore body. Aaron was worried. I knew it. I had been playing up the sick thing a bit too much. I was distant. I needed to tone it down. But it was hard. It was hard to be present. It felt like a lie. Being present, here, with my husband felt like a lie. 

What was the truth?

I thought about Frank and Peter taking turns fucking me: my mouth, my pussy and my ass. Over and over again. The first encounter with them had become a standing meeting. The second time I saw them, they spent our whole time fucking my ass. Anal was our shared experience. Frank came in my ass four times and Peter jerked off all over me. They needed me as much as I needed them. 

I saw them three days later after cutting out early from the church and blew them both in the parking lot of a drug store. We barely spoke or texted or emailed. Just dates and times. But they weren't the only ones.

Jim setup encounters for me. I had to open a new bank account for the cash I had. The account represented this other version of me. Maybe it was the real version. It was hard to come back down and back to life. Harder each day. 

I rubbed soap over my body. I had just returned from a night in the back of Jim's car. I sucked and fucked three guys at the same time, then fucked a college guy with a huge cock. The night ended with Jim cumming in my mouth, then my pussy, then he fucked my ass for what must have been 30 minutes straight. When he came it felt like he was giving me all his seed-all in my ass and as I lay here in the tub, letting it slowly ooze out of me, all I could think of was the next time we could do it. He told me I was starting to wake up-to see what I was and what I wanted.

He told me he had plans to take me to houses where men would be, all paying and waiting to fuck me. I wasn't scared of any of it anymore. I wanted more. More cock, more cum. More.

The problem was Aaron. He knew I was distant. We didn't talk like we used to. I could fake it, of course and for most part he was oblivious and trusting enough that he would just go with it. But I couldn't keep it up. The only thing that had gotten better, ironically, was our sex life. He was more aggressive with me and I enjoyed it. But we weren't talking anymore.

Tonight I was free though. He was out with some guy friends at a movie and I was free to recover from the rigorous ass fucking that Jim had just given me. 

I closed my eyes and pictured his gorgeous cock in front of me. The truth was that I fucking loved that cock. I loved sucking it. Fucking it. When he held me down and butt fucked me I was so tired that all I could do was take it. That was all I wanted now. Cock. 

I got out of the bath and realized I was making myself wet again. Somehow I was still horny.

My phone buzzed suddenly. I opened my eyes, wiped the suds off my hands then picked it up.

Aaron: Hey babe, we are headed out for some drinks. Don't wait up! Love you.

I let out a deep breath. So I was alone for the rest of the night. Alone. I was tired. Horny but tired. Living this second life was hard. Hard hiding, lying, fucking and sucking and then lying about all of it. I felt like I was two people living two very different, very full lives. 

Yet here I was, in the bath alone and feeling, well, alone. I picked up my phone and scrolled to my "other" email. I checked it at a steady rate, so I was usually on top of anyone new messages or potential people to meet up with. The best and the worst part is there seemed to be no end to guys out there. Guys that seemed to need this-to need me. I liked it. It felt somehow so real, this connection I had with them. 

I scrolled through the next batch of emails and disregarded most of them. Guys I didn't think were cute, guys that wrote almost nothing to break the ice just didn't catch my eye. I had the right to be choosy. 

I clicked on the last email:

Hello,

Not sure if you are real. Your pics and description seem too good to be true. But we have to try right? I am looking for a woman to join my wife and I. This is something we have wanted for a long time. We have wanted it so much that we are resorting to ads on this site. Please let me know if you get this and we can go from there.

I took a deep breath. I had seen their ad before and had responded. But I never heard back from them, so I had assumed they had found someone else. 

"Apparently not," I muttered. I had never been with a woman and I had never thought about it for more than the second it took to reply to these ads. 

I wrote them back with my standard reply and then asked if they were available tonight. Usually they weren't but it showed I was willing to meet. Seemed to help things. 

I got out of the bath and dried off. I slid into a new thong and cute lacey bra (I had upgraded with my new money. Aaron hadn't noticed I guess) and lay on the bed. 

My ass was sore. 

I started to click on ads again when another email popped in from an ad I had replied to very early this morning:

"Sorry I just got this. I don't have a lot of time, any chance you can meet?"

I found the ad again and started smiling. I remembered now. Older guy with a gorgeous cock, like one I wanted a picture of framed next to my bed. Beyond that, his ad was very earnest almost pleading. 

I wrote him back with my text only number and waited. Something quick usually meant oral and I was always up for that. No more anal for today. 

My phone buzzed from a text from a number I didn't recognize: Hi, got your email.

Me: Hello, what is your name?

Text: I am Tim.

Me: Hi Tim. You said you wanted to meet?

Tim: Yes. Can you come to the corner of Franklin and 4th? 

I looked it up. Supermarket.

Me: Yes, in the parking lot?

Tim: Yeah, text when you are close.

I was off the bed and slid into some clothes then out the door in a minute. It used to take me an hour to get ready. I was changed.

The drive was a little over 15 minutes and I texted as soon as I was in the parking lot.

Tim: Parked around back. Black BMW. 

I drove around the store and saw his car immediately. I pulled up next to it and stopped. I glanced over and made eye contact with Tim. He was somewhere between 40 and 50, greying hair and a nice smile. He was very handsome, but tired. I nodded hello and he replied.

I got out of my car and into his as quickly as I could.

"Hi Tim," I said with a smile.

"Hi," he replied. He looked nervous. "I didn't think you were real or that you would show or that you would look like that."

I smiled. "I am the real deal babe. So tell me, why are we out here in the dark behind a grocery store?"

He looked away nervously. "I...I am sorry I feel like shit."

"What do you mean?"

"I feel like I am going to explode. It has been so long since I have had anything real. I can't jerk off anymore. It doesn't help."

I frowned and slid a little closer. "What do you mean? You are a great looking guy. I am sure you can meet someone..."

"I am married," Tim said. "Happily...just not in this area."

I stopped. He was so sad. Tired. Neglected. I hadn't thought much about the other men I had been with. I guess I assumed they were single or in some sort of consensual situation. 

"I am sorry, I just don't do this kind of thing. I mean, I have tried and posted ads and all that, but it never worked. No one ever replied. Then you did and here we are. We don't have to do this. I am sorry."

"Wait," I said. I took a deep breath and thought for a second. I knew what it was to leave something like this. To leave an urge and assume it will go away on its own. But I know it never does. It gnaws at you like a sore in your mouth that never goes away-no matter what you do. I could feel his desperation. It was a desperation that I knew all too well. I needed to do this as much as he needed it to be done. That was that. "How much time do you have?"

"Uh...like 10 minutes now. I need to get in the store then back home."

"Ok Tim," I said sliding up to him. "Now tell me what you need."

"I...I guess I was hoping..."

"No," I said with my hand on his thigh. "Tell me what you need."

He swallowed hard. "I want to..."

"Stop," I interrupted. I slid my hand over his crotch. I slid my other hand up my shirt and pulled it up so he could see my bra. "I don't care what you want. I care about what you need. Deep down. The thing you think about when you write your ads or jerk off-the thing that keeps you up and makes you meet a stranger in the back of a grocery store. Tell me."

"I...I need to cum," he whispered. "But I need you to want it too. I need you to want my cum."

I kissed his neck softly then whispered, "Tim, do you know why I answered your ad? Why I have you my number and why I drove all the way out here?" I kissed him again and rubbed his crotch harder. I could feel him growing. 

"Wh-why?"

"Because I want your cum. I want to know how it tastes, how it feels, how it looks. I want all of it and if we had more time, I would do ANYTHING for you to give it all to me."

I fiddled with his pants and zipper. 

"But we only have a little time, so can I suck your dick?"

"Yes...yes please."

I took my time sucking him. I wanted him to enjoy it for as long as possible and I wanted him to get what he needed. I needed him to get what he needed. He was still as I sucked, with his hand in my hair. He was gentle and sweet. When he came, he groaned loudly and gripped my hair. His cum poured out and I swallowed it with each spurt. It was the best I had tasted and I kept sucking long after he was done and just semi hard until he pulled away.

I sat up and wiped my mouth. Tim looked at me through gentle quiet eyes. 

"Thank you," I said.

"Um, thank you," he replied.

There was something about him that attracted me to him. Something in his sad, almost longing eyes drew me to him. 

"When can I see you again?" I asked suddenly.

He smiled in surprise, "Really?"

"Yes."

"I am not sure, I wasn't expecting...I will let you know as soon as I can," he replied.

"Perfect," with that I was out of his car and back in mine. I smiled at him then started back home.

I glanced at my phone and thought about texting Jim. I had time, Aaron was going to be gone. I frowned at the thought. I was still sore and I never knew what Jim was going to do. I mean, I really liked that, but I wasn't sure if I was up for another very rough session with him. I scrolled through the emails that had come in for the last few minutes. 

All kinds of needy men out there.

I had a reply from the couple. I clicked on it and started reading through it. Suddenly the cab of my car lit up with lights as I realized a highway patrol car was right behind me. 

"Shit," I murmured. "What did I do?" I wasn't speeding. 

I took a deep breath and pulled the car over carefully. It was a dark stretch of road, the next exit wasn't for another 10 miles. Once the car stopped I popped open the dashboard and and made sure my registration was available. Thankfully it was.

I waited as the patrolman took his time in his car. What do they do in there? Had been pulled over before, but never ticketed. I was always left off with warnings. Something about giving girls tickets, I don't know. Aaron had no such luck.

The patrol man knocked on my window. I rolled it down.

"Good evening ma'am," he said. I couldn't see his face due to the flashlight in his hand and the lights from his car. 

"Hi officer," I said meekly.

"Do you know why I pulled you over?" 

"No I don't," I said. Suddenly my phone buzzed. I glanced down at it. The couple had written me again.

"That's why," he blurted.

"What do you-"

"You can't be on your phone and driving," he said harshly. "Especially out here at night."

"I..."

"Don't deny it, I could see the glare from the road," he said.

I swallowed hard. "Ok, I just, well it was something important."

"Important enough to have a car accident?"

I looked down. Shit. 

"I thought not," he reprimanded. "License and registration."

I handed him the items and waited as he walked back to his car. Aaron could NOT find out about this. If our car insurance was impacted or if there was anything in the mail then he would know. My mind raced. What was I supposed to do? I had no reason that was believable to tell him why I was out here. 

I could tell him I was out on a drive. Needed to think about stuff. That would lead to some other conversation that I didn't want to have about our marriage. I could-

There was a knock on my window. That was fast. 

"Tori?" the cop said in a soft voice."

"Um yeah?" I looked back up at him. He shown the light away and I saw his face for the first time. I knew him from somewhere...

"I knew C.S. wasn't your real name," he said.

My heart skipped a beat. Who was this guy?

"You may not recognize my face I guess," he said with a laugh. "We, well, me and another guy had you come by last week."

I realized now who it was. Two guys that i had sucked off in a dark hotel room on the way to church. The event was so straight forward I hadn't thought much about it since then. "Yeah, haha, hi," Is aid awkwardly.

"Here is your stuff back," he handed my license and registration back. "I couldn't give you a ticket. I was actually wondering if or when I would see you again."

Seriously? Is this really happening?

"Well I would prefer email or text, pulling me over is not ideal." 

He frowned. "Yeah, I know. Well I didn't know it was you. Sorry. I mean-"

Super tough guy cop suddenly can't talk. I bet he was rock hard now. I had to admit, I hoped he was.

"So, are you busy or-?"

"Yes I am actually, I won't be on my phone anymore. But I need to be going here pretty quick." I lied.

He continued to frown, "Ok. I, well, do you think I could see you again some time? I know this is silly, I just can't stop thinking-"

"Take your dick out," I ordered.

"What? Here? Can I get in your car?"

"No," I replied. "I need to go. But before I do I want you to take it out for me to see."

He looked around nervously. A car whizzed by. He stood up and undid his zipper, fiddled with his trousers then got his very hard cock out. He actually did it.

"Ok, now tell me what you want me to do."

"I guess I want-"

"Stroke it and tell me."

He slid his hand down and started to stroke. "I want you to suck me again. I don't want anyone there, just you going down on me."

He was beating off fast now.

"That's all?"

"No," he said. He was jerking very fast now. 

"What else? Tell me."

"I want to fuck you. Ever since that day. I want to fuck you and cum all over you."

Good answer. 

I pulled down my blouse and yanked my left boob out for him to see. 

"Oh shit," he said as he jerked himself looking at me. 

"I need to leave soon, officer," I said in a lower voice. "If I didn't, I would ask you to put that dick anywhere you wanted."

He gasped.

"But right now I want you to cum in my mouth," I looked up at him and opened my mouth slowly. I stuck my tongue out.

"Oh fuck," he groaned as he jerked faster and faster. "Oh shit. Here it comes!"

As the first thick spurt came I leaned forward and took the tip in my mouth. I couldn't help it. It wasn't my plan, but I wanted it. He kept jerking it as he shot his load into my mouth and longing throat. I swallowed in three gulps then leaned back as he slowly stroked himself. "Fuck." He said in a heavy whisper.

"Good," I said wiping my lips. That was fucking delicious. "Email me next time and don't pull me over ever again."

With that I started the car and drove off with officer somebody standing there with his dick still out.