 I suddenly realized she was smiling at me.

I had the habit of hanging around at the downtown library a night or two a week after work - I realized that all the dark wood and marble in the main lobby agreed with me, as did the quiet. Like a good cigar bar, but without the smoke or the cover charge. Some of my fellow citizens had also figured this out - there were several I'd seen time and time again, and she was one I'd genuinely noticed more than once.

She was standing a floor above me, actually - the lobby where I usually sat to read was open through the three stories of the place, with the stacks of books almost up to the marble railings on each floor. She was leaning on the railing, holding a book open in front of her - thigh length denim skirt, black t-shirt, smiling over the book down at the lobby. From a quick glance around, it seemed like I was the only one in line of sight.

I realized she was holding the book upside down, and couldn't help but crack a smile back.

Her smile widened. She staged a little yawn-and-stretch routine that put some serious strain on the t-shirt, and turned slowly to walk back into the stacks, with maybe a little extra wriggle thrown in.

I really needed to get up and stretch all the sudden. A walk to the second floor seemed like a great idea.

I passed a couple of other patrons as I walked up there - one a lady whose eyes flicked downward as I passed. She doubtless wondered what had gotten me so motivated. Walked to the spot where my new friend had stood, and looked in the direction she'd walked. There she was, at the end of the stacks, still wearing the smile. She'd reshelved the book, apparently, because her hands were empty as she rubbed them down the sides of her breasts, then down her abdomen. Of course I took a step toward her, and of course she ducked into the stairwell door beside her.

I was willing to get mugged over this at this point, and moved quickly (and quietly!) to the door. I heard her giggle from above as I stepped in to the stairwell, and the third floor door opened before I could get up the stairs enough to see her again. Took a deep breath after running up - then through that door.

One eye and half a smile peeking around a stack. And then gone, off to my right.

Still trying to be quiet, not seeing anyone at all on this floor, again I went and looked. And damn near tripped - still the smile, but the t-shirt off and in her hand now. Framed in the sunset of the west window behind her. This time she inclined her head in invitation before she took off towards a corner of the place.

A little more walking would do me good, I thought.

She'd stopped near an alcove designed for reading - or maybe the architect knew just what we'd be doing. (You gotta figure that guys who design libraries always put in at least one good spot to get laid.) Large window from ten feet high to waist height letting in the reddening light, which poured across her standing in the corridor. Standing tall, panting slightly, just a trace of perspiration on her breasts. A wordless challenge and a promise of more.

I held her eyes with mine as I took long slow strides toward her - this was no time to spook anybody. Stopped a step from her, and was just overwhelmed by the picture she made.

She had a nice library whisper. "God, this is so crazy. But I've been thinking about this for a while, and it's so perfect right now. Play with me, please?"

I drew her to me and kissed her, feeling her nipples firm against my chest. Her tongue was sweet on mine, and her hand felt magnificent as it explored between my legs, rubbing down the length of my cock. 

She ducked back into the alcove, apparently unconscious that she was standing topless in front of the city at sunset. As I followed, her hands went to my belt, then zipper, as she guided me toward an elderly overstuffed vinyl chair, provided in this place for the solitary reader.

I helped her slide my pants to the ground, and her hands ran up my torso, easing my still-buttoned shirt up out of the way, and guiding my bare ass to the edge of the chair. Her fingernails traced down the fur on my belly to get to my throbbing cock, and she knelt in front of me, shouldering my knees apart to show me to the world. Well, not the world - the window was shoulder high on me in the chair - but I took a disbelieving second to glance down at the traffic in the street below us, passing by as always.

I looked back down to see her looking up at my face, grinning hugely at the shock and excitement written there. Grasping the base of my penis firmly, she dipped her mouth down over its head - the heat and the wet of her mouth was astounding. She simply stayed there with half my length in her mouth for a few seconds, tongue swirling to soak up what I was leaking for her.

Silently (of course), she rose up off me and leaned in. She traced her tits down my front as her grip on me guided my cock between her breasts. Her saliva and sweat combined to slip me along her sternum nicely, as her hands shifted to cup her tits tightly against me, her thumb and forefingers tweaking her nipples. She just rested there for a moment - I sat extremely tense and still, gripping the arms of the chair. She was staring into my eyes again, and whenever they'd get a little less crazy, she'd shift her weight back and forth just enough to drive me wild again. Her still smiling, and me smiling back.

She felt me starting to shift and grind into her, and drew back, moving her grip to the base of my cock again. Library whisper from her again: "Oh, this is going to be good..." And again she wrapped her mouth around my dick, starting a slow pumping with her hand.

My eyes must have closed for a few seconds, feeling her mouth on me. When I opened them again, I twitched back sharply in the chair - another man was in the alcove with us! He didn't stop to acknowledge my presence at all - he was hastily peeling his sweatpants to the floor, eyes fastened on my new friend's upturned ass. As I jumped, she giggled and pulled back for a moment, eyes again locked on mine. She raised one finger to her lips to shush me, licked those lips into a wicked smile, and went right back to work sucking my dick, spreading her legs and arching her back a bit as she did.

I was still realizing how planned this was as the man flipped her skirt up on her back, and reached between her legs to rub her exposed pussy. (Panties were not in the plan.) She opened her mouth wide and took my cock deep as he touched her, and I felt a tremor go through her as she sucked air past my recovering hardness. And still she didn't make a sound. 

He knelt as well, positioned himself behind her, grasped her buttocks tightly with both hands. He drove forward, tipping her towards me, forcing my cock into the back of her throat. He moved at the pace of a man who'd been waiting too long, and I watched, stunned, as he fucked her hard. His eyes went to the window as mine had done, and quickly began to glaze over.

It wasn't as if she'd forgotten me, exactly... but clearly she was getting as much as she could handle. Our panting and the slapping of his balls against her cunt were starting to get a little bit loud for the location. She tightened her grip on my again-raging cock, and her tongue caressed the underside of my shaft as his thrusts rocked her back and forth. Her free hand tightened on my thigh, and her breath came faster around my dick. I just took in the whole picture, and shifted my hips to get the best (and safest!) position in her I could.

Suddenly her head snapped up, her eyes rolling back, and she ground back into him. A shudder went through her, and her nails clamped onto my leg (ouch). He made a muffled grunt - a library grunt - and his eyes closed as he came hard. I'd have done the same, but she was hanging onto my cock so hard it was impossible... I did get to spend a timeless moment watching her face as the waves rolled through her body, and saw her eyes pop open in surprise as the man behind her gave her one loud smack on the ass that echoed through the stacks.

She came back to herself, and loosened her grip on my poor dick. Bobbing her head on it frantically now, with her hand shifting to cup my balls. I was more than ready - gripping the arms of the chair, bucking my hips a little in time with her rhythm.

I came like a freight train, deep in her throat - I doubt that she tasted a drop.

And that's when the flash popped as well. I didn't care - I was seeing spots anyway. 

I collapsed back in the chair, trying to catch my breath, noting with some confusion that the other man was nowhere to be seen. More confusion as she suddenly stood up, the skin of her chest flushed with her exertions. Reached down to grab something - a digital camera - and fumbled in her skirt pocket for something - a note, on quality paper. She dropped the note on the floor as I struggled to sit upright, with my ankles tangled in my pants. Then she blew me a kiss and was gone, scooping her t-shirt from the floor as she passed. I realized she could be halfway to the street by the time I could follow. Not that my legs were working particularly well anyway. 

So I just stayed there for a few seconds, pulling up my pants, zipping, buckling. Grabbed the note from the floor as I left - somebody had heard that smack, and I sure didn't want to hang around to explain it.

I unfolded and read, walking away, by the light of the nearly-set sun.

"If you're reading this, I thought you were great. You should come back two weeks from tonight.

Meet me back here, and I'll show you how to work the camera, and how glad I am that we played. 

And then I'll go make a new friend, and I want you behind me when I do."