 Part One – Christy

I pulled into the driveway shortly after 1, having come straight over after leaving the office. When I called earlier, I told Jenny that her son had left his jacket at my house the other day, and I wanted to drop it off before it got lost in the laundry chaos created by my two monsters. Jenny said that she was working from home today, and that I should stop by after I left work and we could catch up. She'd been working out of town for the last several weeks, and we hadn't had much time to chat. Since I was taking a half-day at work, we would have most of the afternoon before Jason got home. Marc had gone with our boys and Jenny's son on a Scout camp-out, so they wouldn't be home for two more days.

Jason and Jenny have been good friends to Marc and I for more than 10 years, but after our last vacation, I was confused and a little scared. True, Jason and I had only gotten together that one time ["gotten together"- what a bloodless euphemism! Admit it to yourself, Christy - you had SEX! You fucked him, you screwed around, you made the Beast with Two Backs, and you LOVED IT! My inner voice can be such a bitch.] True, Jason and I had only had sex [great sex! mind-blowing sex! - Yeah, alright, I got it! Now pipe down!] the one time, but I wanted more, but I didn't want to ruin the relationship I had with Jenny. So we had stayed away from them, for the most part, but I missed them, and the jacket was a good excuse to see how things would go.

I parked the car in the driveway and walked in the front door. Jason and Jenny were that kind of people, warm and welcoming, a place where the door was always open - most times, literally. I didn't see Jenny in the great room or the kitchen, so I called out to let her know I was in the house.

"In the bedroom - come on back!" she said, and I made my way across the great room to the bedroom hallway.

As I walked into the bedroom, Jenny walked out of the closet, wearing a short red satin robe, and apparently, nothing else. Her legs and feet were bare, and her hair was tied back in a ponytail.

"Sorry about that. I was working and lost track of time. I was just getting ready to go downstairs to do a yoga workout and had forgotten when you said you'd be here."

"You do yoga in a robe?" I asked, more than a little amused.

"No, when I'm home by myself, I do yoga naked. I find it more relaxing, there are no workout clothes to launder, and I find those stretchy yoga pants a little silly," Jenny explained.

"I see. So, when I came in..."

"Yup - bare-ass naked!" Jenny confirmed. "This was the first thing I found to throw on, since I wasn't sure who it was."

"Well, that makes sense. I'll get out of your way and you can get on with the naked yoga."

"Oh, no, don't leave! We haven't talked in an age, and I was looking forward to the afternoon. I even bought extra wine! I'll just go get changed." Jenny turned to go back to the closet, and then stopped and turned back. "Or, you could join me. It's a lot more fun to bitch about the instructor with someone else."

"I don't have any workout clothes with me," I demurred. I had done yoga before, and it could be a great workout, but I wasn't sure I was ready for naked yoga with someone else.

"Don't worry about it. You can join the naked yoga!" She waited, letting me mull it over.

And there it was. I was torn, because after the cruise, I couldn't the image of Jenny sunbathing nude out of my mind. It kept coming back to me, and I kept fantasizing what it would be like to do more than see her naked again. Now, I had the chance, but I didn't know if I could go through it. True, it might be a bit embarrassing, but after all, I didn't know when I would get another chance. What the hell! I took a deep breath and said, "OK, I'll join you."

"Great! Let me get you a robe. Even I don't like wandering around the house naked ... too often." She disappeared into the closet, returning with a robe identical to hers, but in a light rose color. "While you get ready, I'll go make sure the doors are locked. I'd hate to have one of the neighbor kids wander in, or the UPS man... well ,the UPS man might be OK - he's kind of cute." She disappeared down the hall, and I heard her checking the doors to make sure they were locked. I quickly got out of the business suit I has worn that day, leaving it on the cedar chest with my underwear underneath it. It's not that I was embarrassed, precisely, but I hadn't worn the good stuff that day, and a girl likes to keep up appearances. I was belting the robe when Jenny returned.

"All ready," she announced. "Shall we?" I nodded and we turned to leave the bedroom. On the way, I caught sight of myself in the mirror on the closet door. Jenny's robe fell to mid-thigh on her, alluring, concealing and yet suggestive of a bubbling sexuality ready to burst forth. I'm about seven inches taller than Jenny, and more curvy than Jenny's willowy petite frame, so on me, the robe nothing less than scandalous. It barely covered the cheeks of my ass, and when I walked, the front split open and displayed the goods to everyone in the room, and my boobs were spilling out above the belt no matter how I tried to keep the robe together.

"Oh, my, God! I look like a harlot in a frontier bordello!" I exclaimed, shocked and excited by my brazen appearance at the same time.

"Yep, that's the look I was going for! Don't worry, it's just us girls. And between you and me, I kinda like it!" She giggled and turned, heading down the hall toward the stairs and workout room in the basement. I followed, moving cautiously to avoid having the wind blow through my hair, if you know what I mean.

We headed downstairs and into the workout room. Over the years, the room had changed from mostly free weights to a treadmill and elliptical to now a yoga studio. There were soft fabrics over the walls, candles, incense, and an LCD tv and DVD player with an array of workout discs. Jenny perused the discs until she found the one she wanted and put it in. After a few moments, it was ready to go and she selected a workout and started it. Then, without any further notice, she slipped off her robe and tossed it onto a nearby bench. She turned and looked at me.

I was startled for moment, but looked her in the eye as I undid my own robe. I slipped it off and added it to the bench. As I did, I ran my eyes down her body, taking in her smooth skin, firm breasts and well-toned legs. I took a deep breath and looked up to find Jenny looking at me with a small, impish smile on her face, obviously having just completed the same review of me. "Excellent!" she chirped. "Are we ready?" I nodded and we took positions on the padded floor, following the lead of the instructor. Jenny was in front of me, and slightly to my left, so that when we looked toward the screen, I had to look past Jenny to see the screen, which meant that I was staring at her ass most of the time, with occasional glimpses of her small perky tits. I tried to concentrate on the poses, but I kept thinking about the sight of Jenny in front of me, completely nude and unself-conscious about it.

As we worked out, I kept watching Jenny as she stretched, bent and twisted with the instructor. Some of the poses, when done naked, are downright erotic. At one point, we moved into the Downward Dog position, where you put your hands on the ground, bending at the waist while keeping your legs spread apart and knees straight. As I looked up, I could Jenny's entire crotch, from the tight pucker of her ass to her glistening slit and the pink flesh within it. I forgot about the yoga and just watched when Jenny flexed her muscles, causing her ass to flex and the muscles there to ripple slightly. 

As I watched, I began to get, well,... excited. I'm not gay, and I thoroughly enjoy sex with men, and I've never tried the bisexual thing, but seeing Jenny like that made me wonder if I wasn't missing out on something. I knew Jenny worked hard to keep in shape, and with her small frame and petite figure, I knew it must be difficult. But she was simply stunning, especially given that she was over 40 and a wife and mother, as well as a busy executive. Her breasts were small, but proud and firm, with dark, prominent nipples, and her waist and hips were perfectly proportioned to her frame. As we went through the poses, I would spend more time watching her than the instructor, envying her shapely butt and toned thighs. I only wished I looked that good!

But what amazed me the most was the fact that she was shaved, you know, down there. I kept myself trimmed, so that I wouldn't embarrass myself during swimsuit season, but I had never gone completely hairless. As we moved through the poses, from downward dog to table to caterpillar, cobra, and others, I watched Jenny, occasionally seeing her lips peeking out from her hairless slit, and I just couldn't concentrate on the poses. I kept imagining that hairless slit being split open by Jason's big cock, Jenny moaning and writhing with pleasure as I had, or his face buried between her thighs, licking and nuzzling the smooth skin. The more I tried to get that image out of my mind, the more I focused on the fantasy images, and I kept getting more and more breathless, for reasons that had nothing to do with the exercise.

Finally, the instructor concluded the session, and we arose from the mat and grabbed some towels from the bench, along with our robes. "Feel like a shower?" Jenny asked. I readily agreed, and we headed upstairs, not bothering with the robes anymore. I watched the sweat glistening on her skin as I followed her up the stairs, her ass moving back and forth, my mind racing.

When we got back to the bedroom, I started to put on my robe so that Jenny could have first crack at the shower when she said, "Don't worry about it - the shower has two separate shower heads, so no one has to wait. Come on." We passed into the bathroom, and Jenny turned on the taps then began assembling towels and washcloths for us, as well as soap, shampoo, conditioner, and the rest of the various bottles we would need for the shower. We stepped into the shower and began to rinse off the sweat from our exercises. 

We scrubbed, shampooed, loofahed and generally clowned around in the shower for a few minutes, relaxing after the workout. At one point, she turned her back, looked over her shoulder and asked if I would do her back. I grabbed a washcloth, put some body wash on it, and moved it over her back in slow circles. I started at her shoulders before moving down her back and carefully scrubbing the small of her back. I worked the muscles beneath the skin as I went, adding a gentle massage to the washing. She "ummm-ed" deep in her throat, writhing slightly in enjoyment of the touch. When she didn't seem to want me to stop, I continued down to run the washcloth over the cheeks of her ass, cupping each with my hand as I scrubbed, still massaging gently as I went. I ran the cloth gently between her cheeks, and she shuddered and moaned a bit louder as I did. 

When I finished, she straightened, turned to me and indicated that I should turn around. When I did, she began to wash me.

It was an incredibly sensual experience. She moved slowly, running the soft cloth around my neck before working her way down my back, reaching around to brush the sides of my tits before continuing down my back, over my thighs and then back up to my butt. She caressed each cheek carefully, taking her time and covering every square millimeter from hip to hip. As she began to run the soapy cloth between my asscheeks, I bent forward a bit, leaning against the wall of the shower and spreading my legs. She carefully cleaned me, running her hand gently over my butthole and reaching forward to brush ever so gently over my pussy. I sighed and closed my eyes, enjoying the sensations of the soft cloth, Jenny's hands on my skin and the warm water running over me. 

We eventually separated, and be both acted as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. We rinsed off the soapy residue, made sure the shampoo was out of our hair, finishing up as the water began to lose its heat. When we were ready to get out, Jenny attended to one last task, shaving the stubble she found between her legs. I watched, fascinated, while she quickly trimmed her pubic hair. She saw me watching her as she turned off the water, and quirked her eyebrow at me.

"How long have you shaved?" I asked.

"A couple of years now," she replied, putting the razor down. We grabbed towels and stepped out of the warm shower. "I let it grow back for the cruise, but I discovered I missed it, so I kept shaving."

"Doesn't it itch?"

"No, not if you shave regularly. I generally do it every day, or every other day at the least. Any longer than that, and it can get itchy, which can be embarrassing in public," she explained. "Also, I use lotion on it after I shave, which keeps the skin nice and soft."

"I'll bet! Does Jason like it?" I asked, with a bit of a leer.

"Oh my God, yes! The first time he saw me shaved, he was like a kid in a candy store! He must have eaten me five times that night. I remember waking up around 3 am to find him between my legs, licking away. I was worn out!" she explained, blushing slightly. She noticed that I was breathing a little heavy by this point, thinking about the night she had described. "Have you ever shaved?"

"No, I never have. I've always been scared I would cut myself. I've always wondered what it would be like, though," I mused, half to myself.

"I did it because I lost a bet, but I decided I liked it. You should try it!" She said this as she was applying lotion to her pubic mound, rubbing it in the skin above her pussy. Were her lips a little swollen? It almost looked like she was getting excited talking about it. "I know - I'll help you! I'll show you how to do it so you don't cut yourself, and you can see how Marc likes it." She smiled brightly and began gathering supplies.

"I don't know - I don't think..." She stopped me there, taking me by the hand and leading me into the bedroom, turning me so that I sat on the edge of the bed. She spread a towel and had me move to sit on it. She moved so that she was standing between my legs, holding them open.

"No excuses! You'll love it, trust me!" She knelt down, and taking up a small scissors, began snipping the longer hairs. Once she had completed that, she reached for some shaving cream. She was busy concentrating on her task, her head close to my thighs. I could feel her hot breath on my legs, her hands spreading my thighs open so she could finish her task, her fingers manipulating the skin to make sure she hadn't missed anything. She applied the shaving cream to the stubble, then picked up the razor.

She talked to me the whole time, explaining what she was doing, and how she was doing it, so that I would be able to repeat the process myself in the future. I watched, fascinated, while she shaved me, and getting more and more turned on as she did. I could only hope she couldn't tell I was as excited as I was. She finished with the razor, then took a small towel and cleaned up the remaining shaving cream on my now bald pussy. 

I looked down to see what the result was. "Oh, my God! I look like I'm twelve again." 

"Pretty nice tits for twelve year old," Jenny commented as she grabbed the lotion. "Here, this will help keep the skin soft." She picked up the lotion and applied some to her hand, then began rubbing it on my smooth skin. I leaned back on my elbows, my legs spread wide, enjoying the feel of her hand on my skin and the warmth of her touch. I must have closed my eyes, because I didn't see her move up to sit on the bed next to me, her hand never leaving my pussy. She continued to rub, but now her fingers were running inside my slit, collecting the moisture there and spreading it around my sex, her fingers flicking my clit with every pass. I must have moaned, because Jenny leaned close to me, saying in a breathless sigh, "I thought you would like this."

"I...I...oh...I...we...but...uhhh, oh god," I stammered, trying to tell her that we shouldn't doing this, that I wasn't like that. I think she could tell from the reactions of my body that, in fact, I was like that, and I wanted her to continue. Oh, God, did I want her to continue! I looked up at her and moaned as her fingers focussed on my clit and her lips descended to meet mine. We kissed, and I put my arms around her, pulling her close to me as we fell back onto the bed. Our tongues met, probing each other with an increasing passion as her fingers drove me on. I moved my hands over her back, reaching down to cup the cheeks of her ass with one hand while the other sought out her breasts and hard nipples. Meanwhile, my orgasm was building when Jenny suddenly withdrew her hand, resting it on my thigh.

"Ohhh, don't stop...Why did you stop?" I moaned in despair, aching to have her fingers finish me. "Did I do something wrong?"

She smiled, and kissing me on the tip of my chin, said, "Don't worry, I'm not done. Scoot around on the bed." I moved as she indicated, laying on the bed with a small pillow under my head. She reached over and tossed the towel I had been sitting on onto the floor, then moved on top of me, laying between my legs so that we could kiss again. I took her head in my hands and drew her face down to mine, kissing her face all over before once again meeting her questing lips and tongue. 

We kissed for a few minutes, then she began sliding down my body, kissing my neck and shoulders as she did, before moving on to my breasts. She took each breast into her mouth in turn, sucking and nipping at the nipples, drawing small cries and moans from me as she did. I used my hands to caress her as I could, glorying in the sensations she was drawing out of my shuddering body. She lifted her head, looked up at me and smiled. "I've wanted to do that for a long time. You have beautiful boobs, and I have wanted to see and taste these for ... well, a while now." As she said that, she reached up and took a breast in each hand, giving them a squeeze as she kissed between them, then continuing her way down my torso.

She kissed my stomach, lightly nipping and licking at the skin as she worked her way down. After a maddeningly long time, she finally began to kiss my hairless mound, licking the sides of my pussy before dipping her tongue into my slit and feasting on my tender flesh.

I've always enjoyed oral sex, and I've been blessed by having partners who knew their way around a clitoris, so I've never had reason to complain about the service I received. But this... this was...different. I don't know whether it was the fact that I was now shaved, or that I had been wanting this for longer than I wanted to admit to myself, or that it was another woman who was giving it to me, but the pleasure Jenny gave me was simply exquisite. The sensations felt more intense, the highs higher, the contractions stronger that with any other orgasm I have ever had, before or since. Jenny drove me over the top, my orgasm crashing down on me. I cried out, incoherent noises and moans mounting to a scream as I came. I must have clenched my legs around Jenny's head while I came, because as I came down from the orgasmic high, she gently pried my legs apart then moved to lie next to me, one arm under my head and one hand resting on my still-quivering stomach. 

I cuddled instinctively against her, sharing our warmth and enjoying the physical closeness with another person. I've heard people say that for women, the physical closeness was the most important factor of sex, but I've never felt that way, especially not after an orgasm like that! Still, I did enjoy the closeness and the contact, and this was very nice.

"Wow," I purred. "That was .... wow."

"It looked like you enjoyed it," Jenny said brightly. "I've wanted to do that for a long time, too."
