 Madison would always come into the coffee shop I worked at (a place that starts with "S" and that all pretty white girls love) on Thursdays and order the same drink, a grande white-chocolate mocha with a shot of mint flavoring. Every time she came in, I would marvel at her rack, which wasn't all that big but she knew exactly how to make it stand out. She always wore the cutest little shirts that hugged her figure nicely. She was about 5'6'', and in the few times that I saw her when she wore shorts or a dress, her legs just went on for days. She was built like a volleyball player, but was just a little bit thinner than the average one. Her insanely cute and innocent face was her best feature, though. She looked like a mixture of Zooey Deschanel and Sasha Grey.

This one fateful day, I decided to chat her up. I made it look like I was coming over to clean a table next to where she was sitting at, then made a little small talk. It was really easy, since she was sitting alone and probably wanted someone to talk to her. She looked like that kind of girl who both loved and hated attention. 

So we're talking about the little stupid shit you talk about when you first meet someone, and she seems to be really digging me. Then, she says something surprising. 

"So, where do you go to school?" I ask.

"I'm still in high school. But I'm 18," she says. 

I stop, startled a bit. I shouldn't have been too surprised, given that she looked pretty young. Hell, she could easily pass for 14, which gave a moment of pause. But, Madison immediately took me by the arm and pulled me in, whispering into my ear. 

"I know I'm a little young, but I've heard about your reputation from Belle, a girl you and your friend fucked rotten. You're part of the 'DP Team' from that college over there. After hearing about the amazing session you guys gave Belle, I've been coming here right after school whenever I can to hopefully get your attention. I want to be treated like a rag doll. I want to be your personal teenage slut," she says.

I pause for a minute, thinking the situation over.

"Please, you have no idea how much of a nymph I am. I may be a virgin, but I think I watch more porn than some of the boys at school," she says. 

"Is that so? Well, shit," I say, knowing that my swelling cock has now taken over thinking. 

"My family will be out of town over the weekend. They're leaving late Friday night, so I have Saturday and Sunday all to myself until they come home Monday morning. Maybe you and your friend can come over?" she says, her now-devilish gaze focused directly on me. 

"Tell you what, I'll give you my number. If you're still up for it on Saturday, just text me the details and we'll go from there," I say, allowing me and her some chance to back out of it if we want to. 

"OK, sounds fair enough. I know you're a little scared because of how young I look, but I'm sure that also has you all hot and bothered," she says, looking right at my bulge. 

Madison then grabbed my bulge, squeezed it a bit, took her hand back, and put a finger in her mouth. She was right, though. The thought of fucking this budding teen slut rotten was making me rock hard. 

"See you later, Ms. Madison," I say. 

I had to take a longer break to rub out a quick one in the bathroom, or else I would have finished the rest of my shift walking around with a stiffy.

***

Friday, I told my friend and DP Team partner John about the new situation. Like me, he was quite turned on by the thought of double teaming another 18-year-old girl. I told him about how I had given her my number, so the onus would be on her to reach out. 

Once Friday evening came along, Madison started texting me picture after picture of herself. The first one was a picture of her cute face. She captioned it, saying "Do you want to see this face covered in cum?" Her face was just so cute and innocent-looking. You could tell you barely wore any makeup because of how perfect her skin was already. Cum was the last thing you'd ever expect to grace her face, but if she wanted it I would gladly oblige. 

She then texted me another picture, this time of her bare stomach. It was flat and very lightly toned, like you'd expect to see from a teenager involved in some kind of sport (I later found out she played field hockey). She captioned this, "Want me to go higher or lower?" 

I replied "Higher." She soon texted back with a picture of her breasts. They weren't anything all that big, but they were so round and plump. Her nipples were hard, so you can tell she was probably touching herself. She captioned this picture, "Like what you see?" I replied, "Hell yeah Ms. Madison." 

She then texted me a picture of her ass in some yoga pants. She captioned this "I know guys love seeing girls in yoga pants." And my God did her ass look good in those tight pants. Her ass was a little on the smaller side, but it was definitely round and full enough to be fun to play with. 

Finally, she texted me a picture of her pussy and asshole. She captioned this "You better bring company tomorrow, I'll be waiting all day" and put down her address. 

I showed all of the pictures to John and he was quite impressed. 

"You bagged a cutie. It's going to be hard waiting for Saturday," he says. 

"Hell yeah!" I say. 

"I have a bit of a devilish plan, though. I want to invite a few more guys over for the fun. She seems like she would be up to it. What do you think?" John says. 

"Well, shit, we shouldn't just come barging in all at once."

"No, of course not, but once we're getting it on a bit, I want to have them on standby and see if she's up to it."

The thought of gangbanging her really got me going. Just imagining this young little girl sandwiched between a whole bunch of guys made me want to go over to her house right this second. 

"OK, sounds like a plan. We hit her house at 6, sound good?" I say.

"Right on. I'll call the other guys."

***

Saturday comes along and by the afternoon I get another text from Madison.

"When are you guys coming?" she asks.

"After fucking you in every which way possible," I reply. 

Madison then replied with a bunch of smily faces and a picture of her fingering her wet pussy. There was no way she was backing out of this now. 

John and I then make our way to her house. It was in the nice part of town, and when we rolled up we were shocked to see it was quite big. 

"Her parents probably spoil her rotten," John says. 

"I guess we need to teach her a lesson," I say. 

We walk up, ring the doorbell, and Madison comes to answer the door dressed just in a white tank top and her underwear. 

"Do you always answer the door dressed like that?" John blurts out.

"Only when I'm about to get ravished by some older dudes," Madison says. 

Madison then pulls us in and begins furiously making out with me. John locks the door behind us while watching me and Madison get hot. 

"I didn't want to waste any time, so just rip off these clothes and take me," Madison says. 

I motion over to John to tell him to take off her top while I focus on her underwear. They come flying off in seconds, leaving this little teenager naked before us. 

"Who wants to fuck me first?" Madison says. 

"Hold on, Ms. Madison, you need to do a little bit of work first," I say. 

"Drop to your knees," John demands. 

Madison gets down on the floor and we start unbuttoning our jeans. She knows exactly what's about to happen because she sets up shop right under me, rubbing my legs as she eagerly awaits my cock. 

Our pants are off in seconds and, next thing we know, Madison is bobbing up and down on my cock. 

"You say you're a virgin?" I ask. 

In between strokes, she says quickly "I watch a lot of porn ... I have been studying." 

John, feeling left out, grabs one of Madison's hands, making her grip and stroke his cock. 

"Don't worry baby, I haven't forgotten about you," Madison says as she pops up and moves over to suck John's cock. 

John, ever the aggressive one, holds her head and starts face fucking her once she is in position. Madison tried to jack my cock at the same time, but as soon as John gets a really hard rhythm going, she stops jacking me and focuses on John's movements. After a minute of getting her skull crushed by John's 9 inch cock, Madison looks a little overwhelmed and John stops and pulls out. 

"Why'd you stop?" Madison asks, catching her breath. "That was fucking hot." 

John then grabs her head again and shoves his cock right down her throat. She gags a bit, but it's relieved when he pulls back. He then gets another good rhythm going. 

I start feeling a little jealous, so after a good few minutes of Madison getting her face fucked by John, I pull her head away and shove my cock down her throat. By this time, Madison is furiously rubbing her pussy. She gives me no resistance other than with her lips and tongue as my cock moves in and out of her mouth. 

Madison soon learns to move back and forth between our cocks. This little facefucking session lasts a good 15 minutes, but by the end we're all ready to get to the real show. 

Madison pulls away from my cock, but John this time picks her up and throws her on the couch. With her lying there, he gets on his knees to start licking out her pussy. It looked already quite wet, so John didn't need to do too much before getting his cock ready to enter. Madison motioned over to me to come over, so I set up shop to the side, kneeling a bit on the chair so that she could continue sucking my cock. 

"This is so cray cray," Madison says.

John then pushes his way into her pussy. Madison lets out a little yelp, but she resumes sucking my cock as John works up another good rhythm, fucking her pussy nice and slow. 

Madison looks to be in pure ecstasy. She starts jacking my cock to free up her mouth and say, "Goddammit you guys, keep on going. Treat me like the little whore I am." 

John continues to fuck her, but I pull off so that he can have a nice little session with her. He soon starts fucking her really hard; I can see her boobs going up and down in a slightly more violent fashion. Madison begins moaning really loud, obviously about to orgasm. She soon cums and John pulls out, motioning me to go in. I shove my cock inside her immediately, as she was still orgasming. She lets out another shriek as I fuck her harder and harder. 

"Jesus... Jesus Christ. Don't stop, please don't stop," Madison says, catching her breath. 

I then turn her over so that she is on all fours. I set up shop behind her and I start fucking her pussy, doggy style. She doesn't even open her eyes, she just keeps on matching my thrusts. 

John then appears in front of her as I'm fucking her. He soon shoves his cock in her mouth so that she's being spit roasted. He fucks her face really hard to the point she gags again, but she keeps her face buried in his crotch. John and me soon switch so that he's fucking her while I fuck her face. 

"How do you like being our little slut, Ms. Madison? How do you like the taste of your pussy?" I ask. 

"I ... I love it ... Just don't stop ... Please ... Keep fucking me," Madison struggles to say. 

John and I continue to switch positions, being that we kind of liked spit roasting this chick. But, it was soon time for her to find out how we got our notorious name. 

John pulls out of her and sits down on the couch. He motions Madison to come over and ride him like a cowgirl. She giddily jumps up on him and starts fucking again, but this time I come up from behind. I pull out some lube and rub down my cock. Madison, in total ecstasy as John fucks her, didn't know what was in store for her until John finally says, "Time for you to find out why we're called the DP Team." 

I shove my cock into Madison's asshole. She screams, quite loudly, and I pull out. But almost immediately she grabs my cock and yanks it towards her asshole. 

"It hurt so good. Keep fucking my ass," Madison says. 

So I go in again, this time a little more slowly, working my way up to a good rhythm that matches John's fucking of her pussy. 

We only get pumping for a good few minutes before there's a ring of the doorbell. Madison's eyes get really wide as she jumps out of our cocks.

"Don't worry, I've invited over a little more company. I hope you don't mind. You seem like you're up to it," John says.

Madison, looking a dazed and possessed, walks over completely naked and opens the door. In come two of our friends, Dave and Mark. 

"Whoa, looks like we're late to the party," Dave says. 

"Yeah, look at her, she's already all naked and sweaty!" Mark says. 

Madison, being the good little slut that she is, looks like she didn't care what the two just said. Instead, almost as soon as they are inside the door, she gets on her knees and starts unbuttoning their pants. 

"What a good little slut!" Mark says as Madison pulls down his pants and buries her face in his cock. Mark's pants are soon down as well, and Madison begins popping back and forth between them. 

"Holy shit, you're just a crazy little teenage whore, aren't you?" Dave says. 

John and I then move over to the little session going on by the front door. Our cocks are still hard from our session, but seeing Madison's unrelenting sluttiness rejuvenates us to the point where it felt like we had just started. 

"You guys interrupted us at the best part," I say. 

"You guys were already DPing her? Fucking nice..." Mark says. 

"Yeah, we wanted to get her all nice and warmed up," John says.

We soon enclose Madison in between us, our cocks just begging for attention from this little 18-year-old girl. 

"I'm just a little girl in a candy shop, aren't I?" Madison says as she clamps down on my cock once more.

She just kept going back and forth between us all, giving each of us each a little session of sucking. She wasn't even slowing down, in fact it seemed like she was getting faster. 

"Give Mark and Dave a little more attention," John says. "Or else they might not fuck you as hard as we did." 

Madison then focused on Mark and Dave. 

"Fuck my face, hard. They did. I want to see if you boys can," Madison says. 

"My God, you guys have released some kind of mad-woman," Dave says and he starts fucking her face. 

Mark and Dave then take turns fucking her face as me and John just watch, stroking our cocks. Madison's second facefucking sessesion lasts a good 10 minutes. But, John eventually pulls Madison up and carries her upstairs. We all follow, our cocks getting harder and harder with each step because we know what's next. 

"Which one is your parent's room?" John asks. 

"The one to the left with two doors," Madison answers. 

"OK, cool, we need a bigger room for the intense session ahead of you," John says. 

Madison continues to kiss John as he carries her into the room. We break through the door and John throws Madison onto the bed. 

"Are you ready, Mad Miss Madison?" John asks. 

"Just come here and ravish me," Madison says. 

"All of us?" I ask. 

"Yes, all of you big, older men. Treat me like the little teen slut I know you've always wanted," Madison says. 

And with that, we storm her. John tells Madison to get on all fours on the bed so we can take our positions. Dave gets under her and sticks his cock right inside her pussy, vigorously sucking Madison's small but perky and round tits. Madison opens her mouth and moans from the rather rough penetration, but her mouth is quickly stuffed by John's cock. I then set up shop behind her and slowly work my cock into her ass. Mark, probably feeling a bit left out, kneels right next to John and grabs one of Madison's hands and tells her to stroke his cock. 

Madison humps our cocks slowly at first, with me and Dave just letting her do all the work for a minute. Once she got a decent rhythm going, I slowly start to build up my speed, going in and out of her ass like a piston. Dave, from below, impales her harder and harder with each thrust. John, after seeing Madison enjoy the fucking, starts once again fucking her in the face. Madison even made sure that Mark's cock wasn't forgotten and stroked it with as much might as she could muster, even as she was being hammered by three other men. 

We all start fucking her harder and harder. I'm sure we were all worried that she wouldn't be able to take it, but she matched our maniac thrusts with thrusts of her own. We stay in our positions for what must have been 20 minutes, then John pulls his cock out of her mouth and says, "it's my turn, finally." 

I pull out of her ass and John, in position in less than a second, shoves his cock right back inside of her. Madison squeals, but John was only beginning. Mark, seeing his opportunity, shoves his cock in Madison's mouth and Madison is once again fully stuffed. 

I decide to sit back for a bit and just watch the scene before me. Madison looked nowhere close to being tired, which surprised me quite a bit because we had already been quite rough with her. Still, she was taking us all like some kind of weathered pornstar who's seen every different kind of position. I just sat back, stroking my cock, watching as John fucked her ass harder and harder. Dave just laid there, letting John's thrusts help his thrusts into Madison's pussy. Mark, a little while into their session, pulled his cock out of Madison's mouth and began to make out with her. 

"You're such a dirty teen slut, Miss Madison," Mark says. 

"I've always wanted to be fucked my a group of guys," Madison says, her voice sounding a little more hoarse than it did when we first showed up. 

"Do you like how our cocks are filling all of your holes?" Mark says.

"Yes..." Madison started to say, but was cut off by Mark shoving his cock back into her mouth. 

Dave then motioned that he wanted to get up and try fucking her ass instead of her pussy. John pulled out at the same time Dave did, then pushed Mark aside. 

"Go for her pussy, Mark. I want to give this little slut a taste of her ass," John says. 

Madison didn't even flinch. The second John was in front of her, she grabbed his cock and began licking it up and down. She started her tongue at the base and just worked her way up, 

"Good God you're crazy," John says

"I always see this in porn. Ass to mouth. It's just so fucking hot whenever they do it. I always wanted to try it," Madison says. 

"How do you like the taste of your ass, Ms. Madison?" John asks. 

"It's so fucking good," Madison replied. "Why have you other boys stopped? Fill me up." 

Mark got below Madison and soon had his cock inside of her. Dave slowly entered her from behind. John told me to come over. 

"Look at this fucking slut," John says. "You think she can take two cocks in her mouth?"

"She has a pretty little mouth, but I'm not sure. Why don't you try, Ms. Madison?" I say.

Madison then takes our cocks and puts them in her mouth. Our cocks were touching but it didn't matter because, somehow, Madison was able to fit them inside her mouth. She wiggled her tongue between our cocks and looked up at us, smiling as wide as she could with two penises in her mouth. 

John soon pulls out and tells me "she's all yours," and he goes to sit down to admire the view as well. Mark and Dave start working up a good rhythm, while Madison continues to suck my cock. I see John leave the room as Madison says to me "fuck my face."

I start fucking her face, but not as hard as John. With the three of us fucking her like she was the last girl on earth, Madison screams out "I'm cumming!" 

We all start fucking her even harder, hopefully giving her an orgasm she'll remember forever. We're pumping and pumping away as she starts to squirm. She soon grabs and squeezes my cock and grabs squeezes Mark's cock below. 

Her orgasm lasts over a minute. All the while we're fucking her with the intensity of an assembly line machine at full speed. Madison soon loosens her grip and stops matching our thrusts. I pull out of her mouth and she starts breathing hard. A smile appears across her face.
