 I'm alone and naked on the beach of a desert island far, far away from civilization. The sky is clear and I'm feeling the sun on my skin while lying on the hot sand. I close my eyes and soak in the sun's rays for a few minutes. 

The thought of me alone on the island begins to arouse me. I feel my pussy tingle. With my left hand, I cup my left tit and stroke its hard nipple. With my right hand, I push two fingers in my pussy and fondle my g-spot. The heat from the sun, the heat from the sand and the heat between my thighs gets me more arouse as I play with myself until my pussy explodes and squirts my juices on the sand. 

Feeling enough of the hot sun, I ran to the ocean waters and dive in. Submerged in the ocean, I feel the surrounding waters cool the heat from my body, refreshing me. I swim around some more until I swim back to the beach. 

As I walk along the beach, letting the sun dry me, I'm surprised to see a naked man about twenty feet from me. He's a tall, dark-haired man with a muscular well-toned body, and well endowed. The full erection of his long and hard cock and the sexually hungry look in his eyes is enough to tell me that he wants me. That he wants to fuck my cunt or my ass with his magnificent cock. 

As we gaze into each other's eyes, he takes a step forward. I take a step back. The dark-haired man pauses for a few seconds, then takes another step. I teasingly take a few steps away from him. He then makes a dash to me. Not wanting to make it easy for the horny man, I make a run for it. 

I ran into the forest with the dark-haired man still pursuing me. In the forest, I keep running until I lose sight of him. I stop and hide behind a huge tree. The man runs pass me, totally unaware. As he run further in the forest, I ran in the opposite direction. 

Feeling that I have enough distance between the dark-haired man and I, I stop. I'm feeling horny again. I think of the man's cock fucking me. I wonder if he would fuck me missionary or anally. I'm hoping blowjob then anal. I lean against a tree and begin to finger my pussy again. 

My self-loving is interrupted when I notice a naked blond haired man approaching me. He is as tall as the first man I met, but more muscular and equally handsome.

Startled, I run from him. He runs after me. I run to a different beach when the blond man finally grabs my arm. I try to pull away, but he is too strong. He pulls me to close to him. I feel his erected cock brush against my inner thigh. It excites me. 

I give no resistance when the blond man pushes me on the sandy ground. Lying on my back, I eagerly await for the blond man to plunge his fleshly spear in my now wet pussy.

Suddenly, the dark-haired man pulls the blond man away from me. The blond man turns to the dark-haired man to fight him off. The two men begin to fight; each man tries to wrestle the other to the ground, causing small clouds of sand to form around them. 

I watch this for a few minutes until the two men are grinding their balls together without realizing it and are now enjoying it. I realize if they continue their fight they might end up in a cock fight and end up cumming together. Not wanting to let go of this opportunity, I manage to push my way between the two competing men and stop their fight. 

I take each one's hand in my own, and make them finally shake each other's hand. I reach to the blond man and wrap my finger around his cock. As I gently stroke the blond man's cock, I lower myself and gently take hold of the dark-haired man's cock and stroke it as well. I suck on the blond man's cock, making nice and wet, then I do the same with the dark-haired man's cock, still lying on the sand. 

I release both cocks and position myself over the dark-haired man. I lower my wet pussy on his cock until it's inside me. I begin to ride him, humping and thrusting. The dark-haired man just loves it. So do I, but it's not enough for me. 

I look to the blond man behind me. He is hard and very disappointed of not being involved in the action. His cock is still long and hard and lust in his eyes. I motion him to come near me, I take his hand and move his finger in the small space left in my pussy, indicating to him that I want him to fuck my pussy from behind. He walks behind me, kneels and slowly places his cock at the entrance of my pussy. It is difficult at first but he manages to push his head in with the dark haired man's cock. When the blond man's cock touches the dark haired man's shaft, the dark haired man initially protests at this action. I try to take his attention away from this so I start kissing him passionately to distract him. While the blond is busy trying to squeeze his monster along with the other cock, I am lip locked with the dark haired man. While the blond man moves slowly and my kisses with the dark haired get more passionate with intensity. I can now feel that the dark haired man is also enjoying the feeling of the blond man's cock rubbing with his in my pussy. After the blond man is in, he sighs and necks me from behind and cups my breasts.

With both hunks fully under my control, I move my hips to accommodate the two as much as I can. I feel tight and full. As I feel my orgasm coming, my senses come alive. I feel the heat not only from the sun and the sand, but from my own body as well. I smell a combination of my sweat, the sweat of the two men fucking and my fluids leaking from my pussy. That pushes me further into ecstasy as I climax. I scream with absolute gratification. 

I slow down for a minute, but I don't stop. As I recover from my orgasm, I pick up my pace from the double-pussy penetration, wanting another orgasm. The blond man thrusts his still hard cock in my pussy harder than before. I feel another orgasm coming. My hand is on the chest of the dark-haired man beneath me and the blond man is necking me while the dark haired man has his hands on my waist and is ferociously sucking my nipples. I feel his heart beating fast and hard. I feel my heart racing just as fast. I hump the dark-haired man's cock (still hard as well). While the blond man is cupping my breasts and necking me from behind, the dark haired man also tries to suck my breasts and in the movement ends up sucking parts of the blond man's hand. Obviously both are enjoying it as neither stops, but they don't seem to admit it. 

I don't stop or slow down and I keep going for a third orgasm. But I delay it; I want all of us to time it together. The dark haired and blond are totally lost in lust while pushing harder in me. Sometimes they enter and exit together and sometimes they alternate. The sensations are incredible, and I feel I am on fire. They are also enjoying the feeling of each others cock, massaging it, while screwing a tight hole. While the blond man's hands are firmly cupping my breasts, I move upwards and now even the dark haired man tries to cup them. Both their fingers mingle slowly and now they don't even shy away, joining their fingers in a firm grip and cup my large round breasts together. I can see the lust in the dark haired man's eyes, he is totally enjoying, while the blond man moves his head and turns my neck and kisses me passionately. I am now in ecstasy, the dark haired man removes his fingers from the grip which he and the blond man have formed on my breasts, an now begins to rub my shoulders, and slowly moves to the blond mans shoulders. Meanwhile the blond man pushes me down firmly on to the chest of the dark haired man and my breasts are mashed on to his hairy chest. Then the dark haired man smiles at the blond man and then moves his hands from the blond man's arms to the blond man's back, getting him tighter to the two of us and slowly moves them downward to grabs the blond man's hips and tries to get him closer to the 2 of us. The three of us now are functioning like a 3 way fuck machine where two pistons are firing together in my tight hole. The blonde man grunts and groans while he empties his load in my pussy the same time the dark haired man does. That excites me so much; I take the dark-haired man's hands to my sweaty, round tits. Because of this, I feel his cock grow bigger inside me. Without warning, I have my third orgasm. It's so intense, I actually lose consciousness. 

All three of us collapse laughing in the sand, with our combined juices flowing down me