 We sublet part of our building to a lady doctor and my wife does reception work for her and also my small business. She is new to our town and is building her practice. We decided to become her patients when our doctor retired. Dr. Sandra has long shiny black hair and a beautiful smile with deep blue eyes, and a body dreams are made of. We invited her for supper one Friday evening after work and it went off well except for her getting more than a little drunk and my wife made me drive the good doctor home. Well I got a good look at her shapely legs as she let her skirt ride up her thighs when she sat in the car. I also got a few feels of her tits when I helped her up the stairs to her room and laid her on her bed. I really wanted to do more, but did not chance it. I told my wife about it and she said she should have come along and had some fun herself. 

Well we playfully talked about some sexy scenarios involving the doctor and then made love all night. The next time the Dr Sandra came for supper she got drunk again. And this time we both drove her home. My wife was the one to help from the car and then up into her bedroom. It took her almost twenty minutes before she came back to me waiting in the car. I asked if she had had any trouble, but she just laughed and said that she had undressed her and got a good feel, not only of her tits but almost everything else as well. We went home and fucked our heads off again. Again we made up games that included the Doctor, but only in our imaginations.

A couple of weeks later we had another supper with the sexy doctor and we both drove the drunk sexy doctor home. But this time we both gave her a hand or two to help her up into her bed room. This time we both stripped her except for her bra and panties. We could not resist playing with the prone almost comatose doctor. My wife concentrated on caressing her pussy through her black silk panties and I caressed her sweet tits through her soft silky black bra. She did respond with some quiet moans as though in a dream. We stopped before we went too far. 

My wife had to suck my long hard swollen cock as soon as we got back in our car to drive home. My wife removed her bra and wrapped the satin cups around my cock and slowly jacked me off. I really filled her silky bra cups with my hot creamy cum. When we got home she changed into a new bra and panty set and we made wild and passionate love all night long. Again we included the virtual Doctor in our sexual games. The next morning we agreed that we should try to get the real doctor to join us on our sexual games.

The next Monday morning the good sexy doctor didn't remember much as she asked my wife about what had happened. The doctor apologized, but my wife only smiled and winked at her as if she knew that something really had happened. My wife told her that with such a sexy body as she had and a horny husband as I was, that she was not surprised that the doctor and I must have enjoyed ourselves and that my wife would like to be a part of it the next time. She told Sandra about our sex game that we played while thinking about having her as a partner. Doctor Sandra seemed very surprised, walked away and then came back a few minutes later and asked what my wife had in mind. My wife suggested as there were no appointments scheduled for that afternoon, that we play doctor with her. Sandra hesitated but then smiled and asked my wife to call me over for an examination. 

When I walked into Sandra's examining room the ladies were drinking some chilled wine and my wife had her jacket off and Sandra had her doctor's smock off as well. Both of their white semi transparent blouses were opened to below their tits bulging out the tops of their white satin bras. They both walked up to me and started to unbutton and remove my shirt, then my pants, and then my boxers. My long hard cock was now standing at attention for the two ladies. I took the initiative and unbuttoned Sandra's blouse and started to fondle her breasts through her silky white bra. My wife went around the back of Sandra an undid her skirt and then she too grabbed Sandra's tits and massaged them as I dropped to my knees and pulled Sandra's white silk panties down and started kissing her pussy. Her pussy was already moist from her sexual excitement. Sandra begged my wife to undo her bra, but she refused as she knew that I loved to fuck her wearing her sexy bras. 

I stopped licking Sandra's hard little clit long enough to strip my wife of all or her clothes except for her sexy white satin bra. I asked my wife to sit on the exam table and spread her legs. I knelt and started licking her already juicy pussy and finger fucking her cunt. Then I asked Sandra to lay on top of my wife, tits to tits. That way I could alternate eating their hot juicy cunts as they kissed and rubbed their satin clad tits on each other. It was not long before I was able to make them both cum with a combination of clit licking and finger fucking their cunts. 

Sandra was about to get up off of my wife, but I then told them that I wanted to tit fuck them. So I tried to shove my cock between their tits, but finally I asked Sandra to kneel in front of me as I sat in a chair and she got on her knees between my legs. I rubbed my swollen cock head all over her white satin bra, leaving a string of precum on both of her bra cups. My wife got up and started rubbing her bra covered tits all over my face all the time cooing to us how much she enjoyed us all fucking together.

Then she got on her knees beside me and started sucking on my cock in between turns of rubbing all over Sandra's satin covered tits then her own tits. Now there was so much precum flowing from my swollen cock that both of their white satin bras were almost transparent and their hard nipples were making very large bumps in the silky material. My wife asked Sandra to lie on the carpet which she did and my wife started eating Sandra's pussy. I positioned myself behind my wife and shoved my cock into her sopping wet pussy. We soon got a rhythm going so that when I came to the end of my stroke into her cunt she would be hitting Sandra's clit with her tongue. She made Sandra cum again and again with lots of moans and groans and a lot fucks thrown in for good measure. I was not only fucking her cunt but also rubbing her hard juicy clit with one hand and her long hard nipples through her white satin cupped bra. I made my wife cum twice within about fifteen minutes of cock fucking her cunt. I did not cum quickly as I had jacked off a few minutes before my wife called me to come over. My wife always kept a bra or a pair of panties or a slip in my office for when I needed to relieve myself and time or opportunity would not allow us to fuck each other. 

Now it was time for me to cock fuck Sandra, and I thought that that was a good time for Sandra to eat my wife's pussy. Sandra got up on the exam table and my wife straddled her and lowered her pussy onto Sandra's sucking mouth. I was at the right height to just step close to the end of the table and slowly pushed my well juiced cock into Sandra's hot tight cunt. I pushed it in nice and slowly and then withdrew but not completely. The swollen blood engorged head stayed inside her tight hot cunt. Back and forth I moved fucking her. She groaned and moaned as did my wife. Sandra was licking her clit and sucking on her long luscious pussy lips. As I cock fucked her cunt I pulled on her clit with one hand and played with her tits and my wife's as well, pulling hard on their now swollen nipples. I had pulled their bra cups down to get at their naked nipples which were completely extended with the sexual excitement. I pulled out once and grabbed my wife's head had her bend down to suck my pussy juice covered cock a few times. Then I went for broke and started to pummel Sandra' juicy cunt with all that I had. Each time that I came to the end of my thrust I could feel her insides gripping my long hard cock. After fucking her for about ten minutes I could feel her cunt tightening around my cock. I started to finger fuck her ass hole and that's when she came and that's when I finally shot hose after hose of my hot sticky cum into her spasming cunt. 

We all just collapsed from all of the exertion and emotion of our fuckfest. My wife undid Sandra's bra and wrapped the satin bra cups around my juice covered cock and wiped it clean of all of our fuck juice. She then put it back on Sandra and caressed her tits just a little through the cum soaked white satin cups. Then we hugged and kissed each other mingling our love juices all together in our mouths. Dr. Sandra suggested that we should set aside Friday afternoons for future escapades. We agreed quickly. 

The next morning my wife was not feeling well so she stayed home and I left for the business early. Dr. Sandra was already there. She came into my office and handed me her bra from the day before, all cleaned of our love juices. She offered it to me as not only a memento of afternoon together, but also as an alternate reliever of my overly active libido. I put it to my face and rubbed my self with it, and smelled her scent and I instantly got a hard. She smiled and laughed at the ecstasy that I expressed for her white satin cupped bra. She asked me what I was going to do with it. Without saying a word I stood up, unzipped my pants and lowered my boxers to release my hard long cock. I wrapped the satin cups of her bra around my cock and slowly caressed myself in front of her. She watched with wide eyes and a few licks of her ruby red lips as I speeded my jacking of my cock in her bra. She came closer and whispered for me to make myself cum. She stared at my cock wrapped in her bra as I speeded my motions. I kept it up until I was close to cumming. She bent down and put out her hand towards my bra covered cock. I let her grip my cock and she took over jacking me with her satin bra. I groaned and said an 'oh fuck' as my cock started spewing hot creamy cum into the cups of her white satin bra. She kept caressing my cock through her white satin bra until I had no more cream left in my now shrinking cock. She smiled and said she would wash out her bra and bring it back to me nice and clean for me to use whenever I felt the need. She turned away and went back to her side of the building, and I went back to work. 

Late in that afternoon Dr. Sandra came into my office and asked if I was busy. I told her that I was never too busy for her, especially if she wanted to continue from where we had left off in the morning. She smiled and right away she asked me to strip completely. Without hesitation and within a very few minutes I was completely naked and hard as a rock. I came around the desk and started to feel her tits through her blouse and black satin bra, squeezing them and pulling on her nipples as she moaned. With one hand on her tits I reached down with the other and pulled up her skirt and rubbed her pussy through her satin panties. She moaned even louder when I touched her already erect clitoris. I slipped a finger under her panties and ran it up and down the crack of her pussy. I brought it out and made a big show of putting it in my mouth and licking it dry. I slid it back into her panties and pushed it inside her wet pussy. I brought it out again but this time I put it to her lips. She only hesitated a second and them licked all of her own juices off of it. 

Her skirt was a wrap-around so I undid the large button and it dropped to the floor. I then unbuttoned the rest of her blouse and pushed it off of her shoulders. I lead her to the leather sofa and I sat on the edge and pulled her down onto her knees and drew her head to my long stiff cock. She kissed it and then licked it like an ice cream cone. She licked around the bulging head and then back to the urethra where some precum had already seeped out. She then guided the swollen cock head towards her black satin bra covered tits and caressed her nipples with it. I moaned as I felt the smooth satiny feeling of her bra on my cock, and her hard nipples that were trying to poke through the material. The precum made the black satin cups even darker than they were. I told her that I loved fucking her tits this way. I also told her that my wife and I really loved fucking her tits and her cunt and that we should have to wait for Friday afternoons to do so.

I pulled her up and got her to straddle me and lay herself on top of me as I lay back on the sofa. Her cool soft satin panties were rubbing against my raging hot cock and her satin bra covered tits were rubbing against my chest. She moved up and down and from side to side rubbing her self against me. My cock was getting a caressing from her satin covered pussy and my nipples were being caressed by her satin covered tits. The sensation was fantastic. She kissed me deeply as she moved against me, she whispered that I could cum anytime that I wanted to do so. She told me to let myself go and to cream her with my hot jism. She whispered that she wanted me to fuck her in every way that we could think of in any way that I wanted to fuck her. She told me that when I and my wife had played with her at her house, that she was well aware of what we were doing and that she was very disappointed that we stopped before we got any further. 

I moved her panties aside and she moved so that my long hard cock entered her hot juicy pussy as easily as anything. She raised her self and grabbed onto her satin covered tits and massaged them and pulled on her long hard nipples. I pulled the cups down to release her beautiful full tits so that I could get at her naked erect nipples. She moaned and groaned as I sucked her nipples and then she started to fuck my cock with her pussy, grinding herself against me, trying to get my cock as far inside her hot cunt as it would go. She rode me for about ten or fifteen minutes before she let out a deep throated cry and came with a shudder as her cunt muscles gripped my cock. 

I pushed her off of me and got up and pointed my cock at her mouth which she licked and sucked for a few minutes. Then I got behind her and fucked her cunt doggie style. I finger fucked her asshole and then I shoved my cunt juice covered cock into her tight little hole and fucked that for only a few minutes before I shot it full of my hot creamy cum.

I went to the washroom to clean up as she lay spent on the sofa. When I came back into the office, I noticed her white satin bra from the morning sticking out of her purse. I pulled it out and went to her on the sofa and rubbed the bra cups on her pussy, making sure that both cups were covered in her pussy juice. Then I put the cups to my face and took a deep breath, smelling her love aroma. Then I got up and put it in the bottom drawer of my desk. I told her that I would use it whenever I wanted to relieve my libido. She smiled and sighed at this before going to clean herself up and we left for the day. We talked about getting together whenever and where ever we felt the urge, whether she and my wife or she and I or the three together. I told her that she had the right prescription for us.