 Dear Dr. York, 

As an honored member of the university community and supporter of students on campus the Tau Iota Tau chapter of Alpha Sigma Sigma would like to congratulate you as this years recipient of our Person of the Year Award. This award goes out to a member of the university community who best exemplifies our values of leadership, dedication, service and scholarship. You will be the first male inductee in the history of the organization nationally. It is with great pride that the sisters of Alpha Sigma Sigma welcome you as an honorary member for life. To celebrate your achievement we will be hosting a dinner in your honor at our home on December 1st at 7pm. The event is black tie. Please let us know if you have any questions. We look forward to the event. 

Our warmest regards,

Hunter Taylor -Chapter President 
Nicole Alteil- Chapter Vice President
Daphne Myers - Secretary 

Dr. York closed the embossed letter and put it back into the fancy envelope it had arrived in. First honorary member of a sorority! There was nothing Nicole could not accomplish. But he had to wonder how she actually convinced her sorority to accept this. Not just on campus but at the national level. He didn't feel so bad that he couldn't say no to her when obviously everyone else had the same problem. York filled out the rsvp card immediately and dropped it in campus mail. There was nothing that could keep him from this event. He would need to get a tux and new bow tie for the event. Surprisingly Nicole did not visit him between getting the letter and the two weeks until the event. She was too good at knowing him. She knew he would be ravenous by the time he saw her. Was she expecting him to fuck her in front of the whole sorority? Well there was no amount of jerking off that would satisfy York's lust for Nicole. Hopefully she'd let Daphne be a part of it as well. He hadn't gotten to enjoy her since Chicago last spring. He missed her blowjobs. Nicole made them both feel like her sexual pets that one night. (Read Dr. York and Nicole Part III for more details)

York went out and bought the most James Bond looking tux he could find. He had it altered to look like it had been custom designed for him. Black. Sleek. Nicole would love it. He even special ordered his bow tie. It was jet black with shiny silver hand woven fleur de lis all over it. Finally the night of the event came and York drove up to the sorority house and walked in. The house was enormous. Built like the classic frat houses of the south with big white pillars it was decorated with giant red and black ribbons. The sorority colors. A huge banner out front said "PERSON OF THE YEAR! DR. MALIK YORK!" Just when he thought Nicole could not outdo herself. Wow. Even if this was a going to just be a regular banquet York was overwhelmed. But the ache in his groin and his past experiences with Nicole told him he was in for a special night. York had no idea how special. 

"Hi. Welcome Dr. York! I am Taylor. And I will be your personal host for tonight's big event. We are all so glad to have you here tonight. Everyone is inside and waiting to meet you."

Taylor was a little shorter than York. 5'4. Slim but curvaceous with enormous tits. They must have been D cup. Red head. York wondered if her bottom matched the top. He would love to find out. Taylor was in a ridiculously tight red dress. One side completely exposed her entire left leg as it was cut at an angle. The plunging neckline gave him ample view of her enormous tits. The dress hugged her tight petite ass snuggly. Taylor slipped her arm through Dr. York's and escorted him into the house. She slid in close pressing her tit into his arm. This was already a great night. 

The next thirty minutes were sort of a blur for York. When York walked into the foyer it was filled with at least 40 young women. All dressed in various kinds of dresses. Short. Long. Backless. Strapless. Low

Cut. Mid section revealed. Holes to expose breasts. Slits that ran their whole leg. Shiny. Glittery. Satin. All were red or black or some combination of the two. Stilletoes. Pumps. Open toe. Closed toe. 4,5, 6 and one that seemed like 7 inches tall! Red heads, blondes, strawberry blondes, brunettes, chestnuts, jet black. Straight, curly, short, long, bobs. Some out. Others done up to reveal necks and shoulders. Every cup size. A's, B's, lots of C's, a good amount of D's and few DD's (of course the largest tits were all in strapless dresses. Every height from 4'11 (York was pretty sure she was on the gymnastics team) to 6'5 (several volleyball players were present as well). All were beautiful beyond imagination. He recognized several from current classes he was teaching. 

York was led around by Taylor who introduced him personally to each young lady. She never released her grip the whole time. So with her tits pressed into his side York also had to contend with tits pressed into his chest as each young lady greeted him with a warm embrace. After the third hug there was no way they didn't notice his raging hardon in his pants. Maybe that's why the hugs got longer as he moved down the line. He was introduced to Hunter the president. She was stunning. 5'8. Athletic build. Great tits. She had wavy chestnut brown hair with blonde streaks that rested gently on her bare shoulders. Her strapless black dress seemed to defy all logic. Her ample tits were bulging out the top and York couldn't figure out how the dress stayed in place. He'd love to slide his cock between those tits and cum all over her face. Her hug lingered the longest until that point of the introductions. 

"Dr. York welcome. We are so honored to have you with us tonight." Her tits pressed hard into his chest. York was proud he had not actually cum in his pants. 

"The honor is all mine. Thank you." 

Daphne was next. Her blonde hair was still short and slicked close to her face. Bright red lipstick covered her full pouty lips. She also wore a bright red dress. The unbelievably short dress she wore was something he had grown accustomed to seeing. Super tight fitting to show every curve of her body. The top was complete except for a "peep" hole in the center that gave him a great view of her cleavage. Given how tall she already was and the 6 inch black strappy shoes he was eye level with the peep hole. He'd never complain about not being 6 feet tall ever again!! Her hug was generous. If he didn't turn his head to the side he would have been face deep in the peep hole. Maybe that's what she hoped for. 

"So great to see you again Dr. York. Thank for not only tonight but for your support of the women's volleyball team this season. Many of us are here tonight." York was a regular at the women's volleyball game. He was known to be an ardent supporter of women's athletics at the university. 

Last and certainly not least at the end of the line was Nicole. Stunningly beautiful. Her hair out but pulled back to reveal the pearl necklace and martching earrings he had given her for her birthday. Wearing a shimmery strapless and backless black dress so that when she turned slightly he could see the top of her ass crack. Her ample cleave thrust upward in the front. Slits in both sides gave him a view of both thighs. The front hung like a loin cloth covering his favorite place in the world. She smiled deeply for him. 

"I guess I have you to thank for all of this." He whispered in her ear as she hugged him. 

"Don't thank me yet. Wait till your dick has been in every hole here tonight. Then you can thank me. If you can." 

York couldn't believe what she just said. He stepped back speechless. 

Nicole then turned to everyone and said,

"Well everyone let's show Dr. York our appreciation!" And with that the entire group burst into applause. 

"Alright. Alright. I think we have embarrassed him enough. For now. Let's all get seated for dinner." 

Taylor was at his side instantly. Her tits pressed into his arm again. She was not going to shirk her duties. She led him into the dining room. York stopped in shock. On the wall behind what he assumed was the head table was a giant photo of him. At least 10 feet by 10 feet. The one from his faculty profile. It was just a close up of his smiling face. The one Nicole said she and her friends would masturbate to. The head table he was led too had his back to the photo but had him facing the crowd of young ladies. Taylor sat down next to him on his left. And Hunter sat on his right. Next to her was Daphne. And next to her was Nicole. She sat next to the podium. He was a little sad Nicole was not next to him. That is until Taylor placed her hand on his thigh under the table and began caressing his leg. Thankfully the table was covered in full length white linens. So the young ladies facing them could not see the extra-curricular activity happening under the table. 

"Dr. York. Please let me know if there is anything you need tonight. I am here to meet your every need. Nicole told me I was to be your faithful host. And I do whatever Nicole tells me to do." And with that she slipped her hand to his crotch and stoked his dick through his pants. York was astonished. He looked down at the end of the table at Nicole but she did not make eye contact but he did detect a smile. What was he in for tonight? 

Dinner was served. York could barely concentrate on his meal. Taylor had taken his cock out of his tuxedo pants and was stroking it religiously. 

"Are you enjoying your meal Dr. York?" Hunter asked as she glanced down at Taylor's hand on his cock. 

"Ahem... very delicious." York could barely get the words out. 

"Oops I dropped my fork. Please excuse me while I get it Dr. York." Said Hunter as she disappeared under the table. 

Within seconds she had York's cock in her mouth. He looked down to see her chestnut blonde streaked hair bobbing up and down just below the top of the table. It seemed every young lady in the room was staring directly at him while the ate. He looked back towards Nicole for some answers. She gave him none. So he gave up and allowed himself to enjoy what surely had to be a dream. As he felt his cock twitch under Hunter's skillful tongue he knew he was close. 

Taylor leaned in and and whispered,

"It's ok. You can cum if you want. Hunter loves cum with her meal."

That's all it took. York exploded. But before he was done Hunter released his still spurting cock and aimed it at her face. York looked down to see a few of streaks of cum lining her face and hair. Hunter emptied his cock and grabbed her fork and returned to her seat next to York. With York's cum clinging to her cheek and hair she declared loudly,

"Found my fork! Good thing because I am a messy eater. I always end up with food on my face!"

There were some giggles around the room. 

"Here let me help Hunter. I think you have some yogurt on your face." 

And with that Daphne leaned over to her and licked the cum off her face.

"This is why it's great to have sisterhood! Always ready to help each other". 

This Taylor whispered to York as she continued to play with his now limp cock. York didn't even try to hide it or stop her. What was the point. 

The rest of dinner went off relatively uneventful. Though York was pretty sure he saw some of the young ladies playing with their tits while making eye contact with him. When their plates were cleared Daphne went to the podium at the end of the head table next to Nicole. 

"Good evening dear sisters of Alpha Sigma Sigma. We are here tonight to honor a very special person. A person we have bestowed our highest honor and the first to a man. Our Person of the Year award goes to Dr. Malik York! Dr. York we would like to take this time to tell you why we have bestowed this honor on you."

York was a little distracted because Taylor had slipped under the table and was tit fucking him with her giant tits. She looked up at him with her gorgeous curly red hair and green eyes. She seemed destined for the same look as Hunter. She smiled up at him as she squeezed her globes of flesh around his bulging cock. 

"Dr. York", Daphne continued, "you have been an inspiration to all of us and a model male member of our community. your dedication to teaching and mentoring are unsurpassed by anyone on this campus. Most importantly we honor you because of your dedication to our sister Nicole."

This caught York's attention and he momentarily forgot about the great set of freckled tits wrapped around his cock. They knew about him and Nicole. How long had they known? What would this mean!? More tit and blow jobs? God he hoped so. Shit. Taylor put her mouth on his cock while continuing to tit fuck him. This girl was truly dedicated to her sorority. 

Daphne continued. "We have all watched carefully your dedication and care for Nicole. We are here tonight to let you know Dr. York that this time the nice guy finishes first. We have all been testing you since the beginning of the semester. You may recognize many of us from current classes. There is not man on this campus who could or would have denied and dismissed all of our advances. We wanted to make sure your dedication to Nicole was virtuous and undeniable. And we believe it is. You could have had anyone of us at any point in the semester but didn't. We find that to be rare in this world. So with Nicole's insistence and our support we are bestowing upon you this honorary membership into our sorority. Will you please come up and accept your award."

"Ummm..." was all Dr. York could get out. 

"Taylor! I thought those tits were supposed to be magical. How have you not made him cum all over them yet?!" Daphne demanded. 

Given that her mouth and tits were wrapped around York's cock Taylor could not reply. She held up one finger from below the table as if to say "give me a second please". York was close and he wanted to oblige her and reward all of her effort. Daphne walked over to them and whispered in his ear. 

"The faster you cum the sooner I get to give you another Chicago blowjob!"

The memory of the best blowjob of his life was all the incentive York needed. York unleashed into Taylor's mouth. And like Hunter she pulled him out before he was done so he could spray her face and tits with cum. When he was spent Taylor put his cock back in his pants and returned to her empty seat. Cum clinging to her now exposed bare breasts and face. York stood up with Daphne's assistance and she led him to the podium where Nicole and Hunter were standing. There was applause throughout the room. He didn't know if it was for him or Taylors cum soaked tits. He would have applauded for her if he could. Nicole was holding a small wooden box. Inside it was inlaid with red velvet and laying on the velvet was a pin with the sorority's Greek letter symbols in gold with black and red trim with a few diamonds. 

Daphne had York stand next to Nicole but facing the audience. York now noticed that many of the girls had freed their tits from their dresses. And some were openly masturbating while staring at him on stage. Nicole took the pin out of the box and held it in her right hand. With her left she linked her arm in York's. Daphne took the box from her and placed it on the table. When she returned she dropped to her knees in front of York. Yanked her top off. Pulled out his dick and began flicking his frenulum with her tongue. York was not sure if he could respond. But he didn't care. Nicole was at his side. 

"Dr. York." Hunter had taken over the mic. "This pin that Nicole holds is our promise to you that anywhere you are in the world if you are wearing this pin any Alpha Sigma Sigma member will recognize you as the most important person they should take care of. Your every wish is theirs to satisfy. As Taylor, Daphne and I have already shown you tonight we are yours as much as you are Nicole's. We wil be as committed to your pleasure and happiness as you have been to our dear sister."

Incredibly Daphne's frenulum play brought York's dick back to life. She was now sucking the head of it furiously. Her tongue dancing around inside her mouth. York was stunned. 

"Dr. York." Hunter continued. "Welcome and thank you!" 

As she finished Nicole turned to face him and pinned the award to his tuxedo lapel. She reached up and kissed him deeply. There was thunderous applause along with some squeals of delight as some girls climaxed throughout the room. 

"Oh and one more thing as Daphne tries to finish. All of the ladies here tonight are here for you to explore in every way you can. Taylor will lead you through the House. The girls have grouped together according to their matching skills and interests. Please don't leave until they've each had a chance to thank you personally." 

York simply nodded. He was close to another eruption. But this time he was standing in a room with forty girls staring at him. Daphne went for her signature move, her tongue delving into his euretha. York bucked at the hips. Nicole was at his side supporting him as he came in Daphne's mouth. She wasn't the sharing type. She swallowed all of his cum and didn't release his dick until he was empty. 

"I've been waiting for that cum since May! Goddamn your dick is better than I remember." 

She licked her lips and stood up and hugged Dr. York. 

"It was the happiest day of my life when Nicole told me that the Chicago dick was your dick. I've taught every girl in here how to regenerate your cock back to life. I'm sort of a Mary Shelley and your cock is our creation to bring to life. You won't have to worry about performance issues tonight." 

Daphne hugged him and stepped aside. 

"Can Dr. York and I have a minute please." Nicole finally spoke. Did he see tears in her eyes. 

"Alright everyone go to your rooms. Taylor will bring our guest around to meet you shortly." 

Hunter dismissed everyone from the room leaving Dr. York and Nicole sitting at an empty table. Taylor closed the door to the room to give them privacy. York was about to begin when Nicole interrupted him. 

"I wanted this for you. You deserve it. More than you know. I accidently slipped up about us when I was drunk in front of Hunter. She thought you were a creepy old man taking advantage of me. I told her it was not like that. So she enlisted the entire sorority to test you. She said if he passes we will make him person of the year and he can fuck every member worldwide. If he fails he will be exposed and run out of this university. All you had to do was show interest once and you'd fail. Just once make a pass at a girl in your class. Make a suggestive comment. All of the nasty things all of the male professors on campus always do. Except you. You never flinched. Not once. Girls were amazed. They tried everything. Short of undressing in class though they came close with the skimpy clothing they wore to your class. You didn't do or say anything. As far as we could tell you hadn't even noticed them. It proved to them that this wasn't some joke to you. I wasn't a notch on your belt. They even asked alumni who had class with you over the last five years before I showed up. Nothing. I was your first. Your only. So now this is your reward. There are too many asshole guys out there who make it their mission to fuck every girl they can. You won't ever have to try. Ever. We are all yours. I just hope you keep a special place for me." 

York sat there silently for almost a minute staring incredulously at Nicole. 

"You are incredible". York could finally find the words. "We can leave right now. I don't need anyone else. Not that I don't appreciate the offer. No one would believe me if I told them anyways."

Niclole stood up and sat on York's lap and hugged him tightly. York slipped his hands down her bare back to her exposed ass. 

"No. This is my gift to you. And all of these girls have fallen for you. They don't want anyone else as much as they want you. They believe in you and want you to be with them too. They are my sisters. I can't deny them that."
