 Spring break was approaching and York was looking forward to some quality time with Nicole and Red(aka Taylor). The campus would be deserted as most students headed out of town. He did like it when the young ladies came back all tanned from venturing south. No doubt spending most of their time wearing as little clothing as possible. When they returned they did their best to maintain the same level of minimal clothing. Even if it wasn't nearly as warm. They wanted as many people as possible the notice their tans. York never complained. 

About a week before break Nicole and Red showed up at his office unexpectedly. York tried to hide his obvious pleasure for their visit. 

"Hello ladies. How are we today? Is there something I can help you with? He asked as nonchalantly as possible. Only the two of them could detect the change in his voice. The tone that told them he was ready to fuck at their command. 

"Hi Dr. York! Do you mind if we close the door we have something serious to talk with you about." Nicole said as she closed the door without waiting for him to respond. 

As soon as the door was closed (and locked) all three stripped naked as fast as they could. Red pushed York back into his chair. She climbed on top of him with her back to him facing Nicole. She sunk her pussy down fast and hard onto his dick. The sudden plunge taking the breath out of her and York's lungs with a rush. She got to work fast sliding up and down his shaft. Burying herself to the hilt each time. 

"NO FAIR! I was supposed to be first!" Nicole whispered. They had no choice but to be quiet given the time of day. Lots of people were around.

"You ummmm snooze ahhhh you mmmmmm looooose!" Red whispered back. 

Nicole consoled herself with the fact that she could lick both York and Red together. So she did. She got down on her knees between York's legs and began stroking and squeezing his balls while licking Red's pussy and York's now lubricated shaft. Nicole didn't have to move much. Red's up and down motion on York's cock did most of the work. She held her tongue in place while York's cock would slide in and out of view. It was not a bad consolation prize. Because York and Red knew they couldn't keep this up long without making a lot of noise and getting heard by someone they allowed Nicole's tongue to bring them to climax quickly. 

"Ohhhh fuuuuck yesssss!" Red whispered and hissed. 

"Mmmm yeah fuck meee!" York responded as he reached around to grab hold of Red's tits to pull her more forcibly down onto his cock as he released his sperm into her welcoming hole. 

York and Red came together. Nicole slurping up the combined cum oozing out from the two of them. Red slumped back against York and turned to kiss him deeply. Nicole stood up to join the embrace and kissing. They went back and forth kissing each other for a few more moments before Red slipped off his cock. She quickly sucked him clean. She didn't want him putting his clothes back on with a sticky smelly cock. They all got dressed quickly and quietly. 

"Well this is a pleasant surprise. But you all know that this was risky? York said. 

"Well we do have something serious to talk about with you and we wanted you in a good mood. Do you want the good news or the bad news first?" Nicole asked with her face taking on a bit of a sad look. 

"Good news." York replied not liking where this conversation might be going. 

"Nicole and I made the final cut for interviews for medical school in Philadelphia!" Red began. 

"Well that is great news!! Congratulations! I am so very happy for both of you. I know how hard you both have been working to accomplish this." York was genuinely happy for them. "But what is the bad news...?" He hesitantly inquired. 

"Well... it means we won't be here for spring break." Nicole replied sadly. "I know we were all looking forward to having uninterrupted time together but we don't have any say in the interview schedule." 

"Ohh. I see." York replied trying not to let his disappointment affect their successes. "I'm a big boy. I think I can take care of myself. Don't you two spend any time worrying about me. Focus on your interviews. I'll be fine." 

Nicole stood up. Removed her shorts and panties. Walked over to York and unzipped his pants. Removed his cock and gave it a few good strokes and proceeded to climb onto him. Facing him she slid down onto his cock and slowly ground her hips into him. She kissed him deeply. York reached around and grabbed a hold of her ass cheeks and helped her contortions on his dick. Red knew them well enough to let them have their moment. She slid her hand into her pants and rubbed her clit as she watched them. Nicole wrapped her arms around his neck and pushed herself downward as much as possible. 

"Do you think I would leave you hear all alone. You are my baby remember." Nicole whispered in his ear. "I've arranged babysitters to take care of you while we are gone. Good care. I think you will approve of my choices." Then she kissed him deeply again before he could respond. 

York gave himself to Nicole. He knew to trust her without question. He let her grinding on his cock bring him to climax. He dug his fingers into her ass cheeks as he exploded into her cunt. He held her tightly to him until Red cleared her throat to let them know they needed to get going. Nicole reluctantly climbed off and got dressed while Red quickly sucked York clean. The unfortunate side effect was that he was left with another hard on when they left. 

Normally the week before spring break was the longest because of the anticipation of a fun relaxing week. This year it was the opposite. Before they knew it the week was over and Nicole and Red were boarding a train to Philadelphia. York sat in his apartment trying not to have a pity party. When someone knocked on the door. York suddenly remembered Nicole's promise. Babysitters. He quickly changed his mood. But who could she have chosen that would take his mind off of the two of them? When was he ever going to learn to never doubt her. 

York got up from his sofa and went to the door and opened it. When York opened the door his mouth fell open. It was Maddie and Sophia. Besides obviously Nicole and Red they were his favorite pair from that night at the sorority. He had not interacted with them much except in passing since that night. Memories of their time together rushed back at him. He had spent more time with them than anyone else. Clearly Red had made note of it and had passed that information along to Nicole. 

"Well if this isn't the best surprise!" York said enthusiastically. "Come on in ladies."

Sophia and Maddie stepped into the apartment and both gave York a huge hug. Wrapping their arms around him and burying their heads in his chest. He returned the hug wrapping both coeds in his arms and pulling them into him tightly. He had missed them and clearly they had missed him as well. It was only when they ended their embrace did York notice that each girl had wheeled carry-on luggage. His heart sank. 

"Are you just stopping by on the way to the airport?" He asked with an obvious disappointed tone to his voice. 

Both girls giggled and re-embraced him. Maddie finally responding to his inquiry. 

"You are so silly Dr. York. We are your babysitters for the week. We are a 24/7 kind of operation. We will be staying here non-stop. We were instructed to make ourselves fully available to everything and anything you want. So here we are. We figured to make the most of it we would simply move in for the week. We hope that's ok. Sophia and I are also excellent cooks. We will take care of your every need."

"How could I possibly argue with that. I only have one king sized bed so I hope you all are ok with co-sleeping arrangements."

"We don't plan on sleeping much..." Sophia said in a quiet but serious tone. 

"Ahem... Well it looks like I will need to go grocery shopping. I don't have enough food for three. And I presume we will be working up our appetites." York was trying not to get too excited by what Sophia had said. Maybe he would be okay this week after all. "Let me take your bags and you girls make yourself comfortable in the living room."

York wheeled the two suitcases into his bedroom and returned to the living room. Maddie and Sophia had very clearly made themselves comfortable. Both were already naked and sitting next to one another mutually masturbating. Their legs spread wide overlapping each other. Their respective hand nestled between their friend's legs methodically yet slowly rubbing each other's pussy. They stared at York hungrily. Maddie's deep dark brown eyes and auburn hair we're just like York remembered. Her athletic body with enormous tits and bubble butt ass we even more sensuous than he remembered. Sophia, her twin in every way except with strawberry blonde hair and ice blue eyes. I will definitely be ok this week York told himself. Definitely. York stood and just drank them in with his eyes. Nicole had outdone herself once again. And he hadn't even fucked then yet. 

"We have a request of you Dr. York before we take on our duties as your caretakers for the week. We'd like you to help us with a fantasy we have wanted to fulfill for a while but needed someone of your caliber and confidence to make it happen." Maddie asked as she didn't break her clit rubbing nor her gaze at York. 

"Anything you and Sophia want I will give. Without question." York said confidently. 

"Oohhh yeeessss that's it! Unngggh I'm cumming!" 

Sophia moaned deeply. York's confident tone and surety pushed her obsession with him quickly pushed her over the edge. She continued to rub Maddie while also playing with her own tits. 

"Fuuuck yesss damn it mmmmmm ohhhhh!" 

The combination of the sound of Sophia's orgasm and York's voice brought Maddie to her climax. Both girls removed their hands from each other to selfishly explore their own bodies. Squeezing their tits, pulling on their nipples, plunging a finger into their cunt to be extracted and suckled. Apparently they had forgotten they had a request of York. 

"You were saying?" York interrupted their self pleasure. 

"Oh yes right." Maddie said as she sat up to talk with York. "Sophia and I have this fantasy where I spontaneously grow a dick and fuck her. We were wondering if we could borrow your dick so to speak for me to fuck her and cum inside her. We care a lot for one another and sometimes we wish we had more than a dildo to share between us. We promise this is our only selfish request. We've never talked about this with anyone so we are hoping we have your trust." 

"Ladies first of all you have my complete confidence. And if you wanted to borrow my dick for the whole week it's yours to use. In fact consider it a done deal. It's yours to fulfill your fantasy as much as you want and as often as you want. But I'm going to need a little more detail on just exactly how you plan to borrow my dick."

Sophia jumped off the sofa and jumped into York's arms showering him with kisses and thank yous. 

"Thank you! Thank you!! Thank you!!" She squealed in delight. "I knew you would be our hero!"

"Well this is how it would work. For example, Sophia could lay on her back on the bed let's say. I would lay on top of her. You would stand behind me and slide your cock between the two of us. At this point you won't do anything except stand there. I'll direct you cock in whatever way I'd like to fuck my sweet girl here. And if it's not too weird for you Sophia will probably be talking a lot about how much she loves her girlfriend's cock. And I will talk about how good her pussy makes my cock feel. Is that too weird?"

York dropped his pants and took off his shirt without a word. Walked up to Maddie completely naked and wrapped her hand around his cock. He stood there silently. The cock in her hand growing thicker and harder with each passing second. 

"Well Sophia it looks like your dreams have come true. You have a girlfriend with a dick. Are you ready for me to fuck that beautiful cunt of yours with my thick black cock? Are you ready for me to cum inside you? Are you ready to suck my dick?"

"Yes! Yes! Yes! A thousand times yes! Your cock is so beautiful! I want you to ravish every hole I have. I want you to fuck me and spray me all over with your cum. I can't wait to taste my girlfriend's thick white cum from her thick long black cock. 

And with that Maddie and Sophia headed to the bedroom to fulfill their most secretive fantasy. York in tow. Sophia laid down on the bed. Her ass on the edge so that her feet rested on the floor. Maddie positioned York in front of her. His big dick at full attention. Maddie went to her bag and pulled out a pair of red stillettos. Slipping them on her feet and walked back to stand in front of York. With the added height York's cock was in perfect position to slide between her thighs just under her cunt. She turned to whisper in York's ear. 

"I want you to slowly slide the cock between my thighs until it can't go any further. But do it really slowly." York obeyed silently. 

He pressed his his dick into her ass crack and very slowly started to push forward. Meanwhile Maddie turned her attention back to Sophia. 

"Ohhh baby! Something's happening. Mmmm. I feel so strange. My cunt feels like it's on fire. Unnggghh!" Inside Maddie was enjoying the feel of York's cock pressing through her. She was going to enjoy fucking him all week. But back to the fantasy. 

"What's wrong sweetie!" Sophia asked. "You are all sweaty. Are you not feeling well?" 

"No. I feel good. Just ummmm ohhhh odd. What's happening to me!?"

"Oh my god baby something is coming out of your pussy!!"

As Sophia said this the tip of York's cock poked out the front of Maddie's cunt. He had taken his time. Her pussy lubricating his cock so the tip was all shiny. He held his position there. Knowing that this moment needed dramatic effect. Not to mention he enjoyed just having his dick stuck between Maddie's thighs. Her big round ass pressing into him. It took all his will power not to grab her tits and bend her over and fuck the shit out her then and there. But he was a man of his word. He was also curious as to how this fantasy would play out. It very much intrigued him. Maybe he would play it with Nicole and Red when they got back. 

"Let me look at it." Sophia said. Rising up and moving towards Maddie's protrusion. She reached out a finger and rubbed it gently. Causing the cock to twitch and swell between Maddie's thighs. "It almost looks like a dick Maddie!"

Maddie moaned slightly. York wasn't sure if it was from the stimulation of his cock or if she was in full role play mode. He didn't care. His dick felt great where it was. Sophia leaned in and licked the protruding tip. York held his breath. Pretending to not be there was going to be hard. He pushed his dick out just another inch more. 

"Yes baby lick it. I do think it's a dick. I think it's growing. Mmmm!" Maddie pleaded. 

Sophia pressed her face closely to Maddie's groin. Wrapping her mouth around the bulbous head of her girlfriend's new dick. 

"Ohhh it tastes so good. But I want it to grow more!" So with that she sucked and pulled backwards with her mouth. York complied. He pushed his dick further. Now almost four inches were sticking out the front of Maddie. Since she had left a brown fury of hair above her pussy it gave the dick a true presentation of looking like it was hers. Nestled in pubic hair as it was. Sophia sat back and squealed in delight. 

"Oh my god baby. Our wishes have come true. You have a dick!! Please fuck me with it. It's so beautiful and brown and thick. I hope you can cum because I want you to fill my mouth and cunt with your cum!!"

"Suck it more baby! I think there's more to grow."

Sophia leaned forward again and swallowed all of the dick that was possible. York pushed forward as much as he could without pushing Maddie over. Sophia sucked as hard as she could. Her excitement revealed how much she wished Maddie could grow a dick and fuck her. How much she would love to give Maddie a blowjob and have her ejaculate into her mouth. How much she would love to taste Maddie's cum. 

"Oh yesss baby. You suck my dick so good! I'm going to cum if you don't stop. Don't you want me to fuck you?"

"Yes goddamn it! Fuck me with your girl cock! It's all I've ever wanted!"

York and Maddie moved closer as Sophia raised her legs to rest on Maddie's shoulders. Maddie bent down to lay on Sophia. This gave York some added length to offer up. Maddie reached down between her legs and grabbed the portruding dick with her hand and guided it to Sophia's waiting cunt. 

"Please baby give me your cock!! Fill me up! Fuck me hard!!" Sophia pleaded. 

Maddie positioned herself so that her legs were on either side of Sophia's. This gave York full range of motion but Maddie blocked Sophia's view of York. Positioned as she was York had not only a great view of Maddie's ass he could match Maddie's thrusts so that as Maddie pushed her hips down onto Sophia he would thrust his cock into Sophia's dripping hot cunt. Maddie moved her ass and hips like she really had a cock to fuck with. And so it began. York the silent and invisible partner to this fantasy. Maddie raised her hips and slammed down onto Sophia's pelvic region. York matched it with a deep thrust of his hips pushing his cock all the way to the hilt on the first try. 

"OH MY GOODDD!! OHHHH FUUUCK YEAH!!" Sophia screamed out. "Fuck me that is the best cock ever Maddie! Fuck me Maddie! Fuck me Maddie! 

"You love my girl dick don't you? You love girl dick you cock hungry whore!" York was turned on by Maddie's aggressiveness. He wondered if she liked to receive as much as she liked to give. 

"Oh baby don't stop! More dick please give me more of your dick!!" 

Maddie's face was right on top of Sophia's. Practically touching. After the initial rush of fast hard fucking Maddie slowed her hip movements. York followed. Slowly but deeply he thrust into Sophia. 

"You want me to fuck you with my girl dick everyday?" Maddie said sensously. 

"Mmmm hmmmm!" Sophia replied 

"You love my cock don't you? You want it deep?"

"Yessssssss pleeeease!" Sophia begged. 

York matched Maddie's slow deep thrusts. In. Out. In. Out. Each time he went in all the way to the hilt. And when he reversed he stopped just shy of the bulb of his cock coming out. He knew the sensation of the head of his dick on the inside of the entrance to her cunt would stimulate her g-spot. He could feel Sophia's cunt tightening around his dick. The sign that she was nearing an orgasm. 

"Oohhh yes baby. That's it. You're hitting all my right spots Maddie. Your cock is perfect! Maddie I love your cock! I'm soooo close! Don't stop Maddie! Make me cum with your girl dick. Please." Sophia was breathing heavy. Her climax building. 

"Cum for me Sophia! Come all over my dick!"

"Cum with me Maddie. Fill me up with your cum." 

York could barely handle their sex talk. He was glad Sophia asked Maddie to cum because he wasn't sure how much he could hold out. His cock was growing inside Sophia. 

"I feel your cock growing inside me Maddie. Are ready to cum baby? Please oohhhhhh unnnnngghhhhh yessssss oohhhhhh I'm cuuuuuuummmmming!" 

And with that Sophia's cunt opened up like a floodgate and York could feel her juices spilling out and soaking his cock. Maddie picked up her pace hoping York was on target as she hoped. 

"Yes baby yes! Cum for me Sophia. Cum all over my dick! I'm close!"

Thankfully York was too. He initiated just a little more faster pace so Maddie would recognize the sign. She did. Her hips matched his. 

"Yes baby please cum in meeee! Your cock is sooo hard! I can feel it twitching!"

Maddie buried her face in Sophia's neck and increased her speed. York did too. He took this as his cue to cum. He slammed into Sophia's cunt as fast as he could. The signs of his climax building. And then it hit. His cock exploded inside of Sophia. He was dutiful and kept as quiet as he could but he came really hard. 
