 Knock. Knock. 

"Come in." Dr. York replied to the knocking on his office door. 

In walked Diane. It had been a couple of weeks since York's amazing spring break. Life was amazing. Nicole, Taylor/Red, Maddie and Sophia were over at his place every night. Sometimes all four but sometimes just one. He never slept alone anymore. Life was perfect. He had put in a bid for his neighbor's condo and it had been accepted. He would close at the end of April and the girls would move in May 1st. He wouldn't have to worry about them being seen in the apartment. It wouldn't be unusual for him to rent the apartment to college students. From the outside it would just look like a smart financial decision. From the inside it was his new life. Him and four women living together. Being together. He took care of their needs and they took care of his. 

York's thoughts were interrupted by the opening of his office door. He looked up expecting to see one of his four but he was pleasantly wrong this time. In walked Diane. The transfer student he met at the gym over spring break. She had been a wonderful surprise and secret at the gym. She had snuck into the sauna and when he thought it was Maddie or Sophia pleasurng his cock it turned out to be Diane. 

The day after Nicole and Taylor had returned he shared the secret with the four girls. Sophia and Maddie were totally shocked and a little jealous that someone had snuck into their special time with York. All four coeds knew York was completely devoted to them but they also knew there was little control they had over other girls on campus being attracted to him. For York it was a one time thing. He hadn't seen or planned to see Diane once Nicole had shared her vision of the new life for all five of them. But Nicole did tell him that if he wanted to be with anyone other than this group of four or members of the sorority she'd just prefer to vet them first. That is if it was going to be more than a casual blow job. She knew she couldn't deny him a good blow job from an eager and infatuated coed. 

"Hello Dr. York. I hope I am not catching you at a bad time. I don't know if you remember but my name is Diane and I just transferred to the university. We met at the city rec center a few weeks ago and you said I could stop in anytime." Her southern accent only aroused York more. 

"Of course I remember you Diane. Please do come in and have a seat." York could not control the smile on his face nor the growing bulge in his pants. At least he was seated so she only noticed the smile. 

Diane had her hair in a high ponytail. Her brunette hair with blonde streaks slicked back tightly. She was wearing glasses which accentuated her light brown eyes and her freckled nose. She wore a crisp white professional blouse. High collar that was unbuttoned to reveal a pearl necklace and just the right amount of cleavage. York wanted to give her a pearl necklace of his own. Her shirt was very slim fitting revealing her athletic shape. It was matched with an equally form fitting navy blue skirt that stopped mid thigh. When she turned around to close the door York could see every curve of her firm round ass. If she was wearing panties it must have been a thong because there were no pants lines to be seen. As she sat down and crossed her legs York caught a glimpse of bright pink lacy panties. Mystery solved. Her long muscular legs stretched out towards him giving him a view of her leg almost all the way to her hip. Her smooth tanned leg was clear evidence of her fitness. York knew he lingered a little too long looking her over because when he finally returned to her beautiful face she was smiling mischievously at him. No need to pretend since she had already sucked his dick. 

"So what can I do for you today Diane?" He asked nonchalantly. Hoping her answer would end with the words 'fuck me'. 

"Well you mentioned the last time I saw you that you would help get acquainted with student groups on campus. And I also promised you a training session. And I always keep my promises." Her southern charm melted York. 

"Oh yes of course. One of my top students is a graduating senior and she is Vice President of a sorority on campus. Tau Iota Tau. Have you heard of them? If you like I could bring her by the gym to meet you." Please say yes was all York could think. 

"That sounds great! I have heard of them. They are very well respected on campus. I would love meet them. You are a great resource Dr. York. How can I ever thank you?" She looked at him hungrily. 

"I'm sure the training session will be more than enough thanks. It's my responsibility to support students. I take it very seriously. I want you all to have the best possible experiences while you are here."

"Well I was brought up to be gracious to my elders and respectful. So I will have to think of some other way to thank you. But I do have one little request before I leave that I could use some help with." She uncrossed her legs giving York another flash of her panties. 

"Of course. Anything." York replied. Entranced as he was he couldn't say no. 

"Well...since I tasted your cum in the steam room I have been unable to quench my thirst and hunger for it. Would you mind if I jerked you off into my panties so I could have some with me throughout the day." 

Her tone was serious but alluring. York simply nodded yes. She stood up from her chair. Her legs going on for forever. With heels on she was closed to 5'10. She was probably about 5'7. She walked slowly around York's desk bunching her skirt up above her waist to reveal her pink lacy panties. The muscles and definition of her legs fully exposed for York to see. She reached a hand out to York for him to stand up. Standing so close that her lips brushed his and her tits grazed his chest she unzipped his pants and released his already hard cock. She stared directly into his eyes as she began to stroke his hardening cock. 

"You're the first black man I've ever been with. When you walked into the gym I knew I had to have you." She whispered huskily as her grip on his cock increased. 

"You were a very pleasant surprise that evening." York whispered back. "I have thought of you often since then."

"I can't think of anything else except your delicious black cock. I must have some of your cum to take home with me." 

She had wrapped her free hand around his neck and buried her face in it. Her breath hot on his neck. She continued to stroke him. Pressing herself into into him even more. Smashing her tits into him. She stroked him slow and steady. York hoped his door was locked. His balls tightening. He knew he would cum soon. Diane must have felt the twitch in his dick as his balls tightened. She held the back of his head as she stared at him deeply into his eyes. 

"Will you cum for me Dr. York? Will you share your seed with me. Nothing else will satisfy my thirst." She pleaded. 

"Mmmmm yessss." York groaned. 

Without taking her gaze away from York, Diane stepped back slightly from York. She took the hand that had been holding York's head to pull the top of her panties open. She angled York's cock towards her open panties. She increased her pressure and pace on his cock. York displaying his pleasure with hushed groans. 

"I want you to empty your cock into my panties. I want to feel you with me all day. And then I will eat it all when I get home." 

Where did this girl come from? Was all York could think. He couldn't wait for her to meet Nicole. York's orgasm was close. His ass muscles tightening. He braced himself by wrapping a hand around the back of Diane's neck and another around her waist. Diane brought his dick close to her belly. The tip rubbing her pubic hair. The underside of his dick rubbing the waistline of her panties. 

"Please give me your black cock cum!" She pleaded. 

That's all it took. York's cock exploded. Spraying her belly and the inside of her panties. Globs of white cum filing the inside of her panties. York's cock spurted and spurted cum. She jerked his cock over and over again trying to get every last bit of cum out of him. 

"That's it my sweet black master. Empty yourself for me. I can't wait to eat all of this delicious cum." She purred at him. 

York let out one last groan and the last of his cum spurted into her open palm. She slurped it up hungrily. York looked down to see the inside of her panties thickly coated with his cum. His cock had one last drop on it. Diane saw it too. She dropped to a squatting position pressing the cum soaked panties into her skin and swallowed his dick. She sucked the last vestiges of cum. She stood up and pushed her skirt back down to cover up the wet panties. 

"Just as delicious as I remember." Licking her lips like a cat that just ate the canary. 

She turned and walked out without another word. The door had not been locked. York stood there with his dick out of his pants. Luckily no one was going by as she turned and blew him a kiss goodbye and closed the door behind her. Off she went with York's cum in her panties. When York got home that evening Nicole came over and he described the events of the day. 

"Why hadn't I ever thought of that!" Nicole exclaimed. "I like her already and haven't even met her yet!"

She then proceeded to do the same thing. Coaxing cum out of York's cock into her panties. Then she left him there to take it home to share with Taylor, Sophia and Maddie. He got thank you texts from the girls later that evening. It didn't end there. The next day all four of them independently went into York's office before going to class and emptied his cock into their panties. It was a snack for later each of them said. And declared that they would need snacks every day to help them maintain their focus and energy in class. Diane had started a trend and she didn't even know it. York sat in his office all day imagining the girls snacking on his cum throughout the day. And of course Diane stopped by at the end of the day to get a refill she said. She had already finished yesterday's supply. She jerked his cock until he emptied it into her panties. Kissed him sweetly on the lips and then left. She told him to bring Nicole by tomorrow evening for their training session. Five times in one day at work York thought. He would have to look up homeopathic remedies for longevity and strength. 

Nicole showed up at York's apartment about 9pm and they drove together across town to the rec center where Diane worked. Nicole was wearing tight fitting black yoga pants and a red crop top. Her hair pulled back in a ponytail. York wore basketball shorts and an athletic performance T-shirt. Nicole always admired his body for a man his age. Most of the male students on campus weren't in half as good a shape as York and they were half his age. She couldn't resist him on the drive. She reached across and stroked his cock while he drove. Just before they arrived she slipped across to him and swallowed his dick at a red light and he emptied his cock into her mouth. She had a little cum on her chin when they got out of the car and walked into the rec center. She didn't seem to care when he pointed it out. 

Diane sat alone at the reception desk when York and Nicole entered. She came out from behind the desk. Wow. Was what both York and Nicole thought. Diane was wearing extremely short Lycra pink shorts. So tight the outlines of her pussy lips could be seen. Her matching pink crop top revealed a muscled stomach, well defined arms and a narrow waist. Her top was so tight her nipples could easily be noticed and they weren't even hard. Yet. Her round full tits protruding outward to welcome York and Nicole. 

"Hello Dr. York!" She said as she embraced him tightly. Pressing her tits into him. "This must be Nicole. I have heard so much about you. Thank you for coming!" She embraced Nicole too making sure her tits also smashed against her. "You seem to have something on your chin." She said as she reached a finger to scoop the cum off of Nicole's face. She immediately stuck her finger in her mouth and ate it. 

"Yummy! I know this flavor! Seems like you all have already done a warm up so we can get started right away!" She grabbed Nicole by the hand and led her to the back. York followed.

"Oops I almost forgot!" She exclaimed letting go of Nicole's hand. She ran to the front door and locked it. Her perfect ass bouncing behind her. York and Nicole stared hungily at it. "The gym is empty and but this way no one will interrupt our workout." She said sweetly as she returned and took Nicole by the hand again. 

Diane led them into a workout room that had mostly free weights and treadmills. Three of the four walls were all mirrors. Multiple workout benches were around the room as well as many mats used for stretching or floor exercises. Diane stopped by a set of two benches. 

"Dr. York why don't you have a seat here and I'll start with Nicole." She indicated to one of the benches for York. He sat. 

"Now Nicole. In the south it's common knowledge amongst ladies that behind every good man is a strong, smart, capable woman. So I know that you more than any other woman on this campus is who I need to prove myself to if I am to continue getting guidance from dear Dr. York." 

Diane said this as she removed all of her clothing except her running shoes. York could tell Nicole was aroused. She stood there silently her mouth slightly open. Even though Nicole had her back to him he could see her face in the mirror. He knew that look. It was the look of a panther ready to pounce. But she stood there frozen. Mesmerized by Diane's amazing body. She was sheer perfection. 

"After I sucked his dick the first time I waited for the two young ladies to enter the steam room and went back in and listened to them fuck. I could tell they were important to him but they were not in charge. So when he suggested I meet you I knew you must be the most amazing woman on this campus. Then I heard rumors of Dr. York and your sorority. One man and 40 coeds! No one would believe that is true. That is unless you've had his cock in your mouth. I assure I only want to learn from you and will only follow whatever parameters you set for me to be with him. I haven't fucked him. I know I need your permission for that. And if you don't think I am worthy then I will obey your wishes. But I hope to prove to you i worthy of him. And of you."

Diane said this as she undressed Nicole. She slpped her hands into Nicole's yoga pants and slid them down to her ankles. Nicole kicked off her sneakers and allowed Diane to slip the yoga pants completely off. Diane took one of Nicole's legs and slipped it over her shoulder and buried her face in Nicole's pussy. York sat there and watched these two beautiful women. Nicole's ass flexing as Diane's tongue began sliding in and out of her pussy. Nicole grabbed Diane's head for balance but also to push her deeper into her cunt. 

"Mmmm you are both intelligent and beautiful Diane." Nicole moaned. "But mmmmm you are wrong. York is in charge. We belong to him. But aahhhh he doesn't rule usssssss! When he fucks you you will know what it is to be his. Ooohhhhh yess suck my cunt!" 

Diane was surprised by Nicole's words. At least she knew she would get to fuck York and understand what she meant. But for now she contented herself with this delicious pussy in her mouth. She slid a hand in between Nicole's ass cheeks and searched for her butt hole. When she inserted a finger into her ass Nicole's flow of nectar immediately increased. Nicole grabbed her hair roughly and attempted to smash Diane's face into her pussy even more. Nicole could feel her orgasm was close. She desperately wanted to cum. Mostly because she wanted to watch York fuck this southern belle but also she wanted to fuck York too. She could barely go 24 hours without his cock in her. 

"Aaaahh nnngghhhh mmmmmm oooohhhhh yesssss I'm cuuuuummmmiing!" Nicole groaned as she flooded Diane's mouth with her nectar. 

Diane held her securely as Nicole was balanced on one leg. Her whole body convulsng as she emptied her pussy into Diane's mouth. Diane drinking her all in. They remained in that position until Nicole's orgasm had completely passed. York sat there with a raging hard on in his pants staring at them. Eagerly waiting his turn. Finally Diane let go of Nicole and stood up next to her. Nicole grabbed her hand and led her to York. 

"Your turn!" Nicole said. 

York stood up. His cock making a pup tent out of his shorts. Nicole and Diane together pulled his shorts down releasing his cock. Nicole grabbed his cock and guided it to Diane's mouth. With her other hand she grabbed the back of Diane's head and gently pushed her towards York's cock. Diane eagerly opened her mouth and swallowed York's cock in one motion. York moaned in delight as his cock hit the back of Diane's throat. She created a perfect seal with her lips around the base of his dick. With Nicole's guidance she began to slide her mouth back and forth on his cock. 

"Does she suck your cock good my dearest Dr. York?" Nicole asked 

"Mmmmm yessss!" York groaned as he looked down to see Diane's head bobbing up and down on his dick. Nicole looking up at him and smiling. 

"Fuck yesss. Swallow my dick! Take it all!" He continued. 

Diane didn't need Nicole's assistance. She hungrily sucked York's cock. Determined to get more of his cum. She hungered for it all day. Every day since she first had him in her mouth. She reached down to stroke her pussy as she continued to suck his dick. Nicole stood up next to York. She leaned in to kiss him. She slipped one hand to fondle his ass and the other to caress his chest and pinch his nipples. York slipped a couple of fingers into her still wet pussy and finger fucked her. She moaned her delight into his mouth as she kissed him. She felt York's ass tighten under her hand. He must be getting close. She moved around behind York and put her hand on the base of his cock and the other between his ass cheeks inserting a finger into his anus. 

"Sit back and let me shower you with his cum!" Nicole commanded. 

Diane obeyed. She sat back on her heels with her mouth open as Nicole stroked York's cock harder and faster. His cock aimed at her face. York looked down at Diane's beautiful face and wanted to cover it in his cum. 

"Cum for me my sweet. Cover her face in your cum!" Nicole whispered in his ear. "Cum for me. Cum so we can fuck her! Don't you want her cunt?! Cum! Cum! Cum!" Nicole chanted. 

York began to shake as his orgasm neared. His ass tightened. He kept his gaze on Diane. He wanted to see his cum land on her face. Then it hit. 

"Ohhh fuuuuck yesssss!" 

He moaned as Nicole's hand pumped his cock expertly and directed his shots of cum perefectly onto Diane's face. Streaks of hot white thick cum landed on Diane's face. Some streaks stretching from her chin to the top of her head and into her hair. Globs in her eye. She opened her mouth so some landed on her extended tongue. Nicole pumped his cock until she was sure all of his cum was out. Then she went to kneel next to Diane. She looked up at York. 

"Now she's perfect. Right Dr. York?"

"Absolutely." He replied as he sat down on the bench. 

His dick spent. Hanging between his legs. Nicole went to work slurping up all of the cum on Diane's face. She wasn't selfish though. She would kiss Diane with a mouthful of cum and slip it from her mouth into Diane's. Occasionally letting streams of cum hang between their mouths. When she was satisfied Diane was clean she crawled to York and slipped his dick into her mouth to clean him up. Sucking the last drops of cum from inside his cock. 

"I think it's our turn to return the favor Dr. York." Nicole said as she led Diane to a bench. 

Nicole laid on her back and had Diane 69 her. The girls immediately burying their faces in each others pussy. York went to Diane's ass and spread her as cheeks. He stuck his tongue in her perfect puckered ass hole. Her squeal of delight told him she approved. He devoured her ass. 
