 Graduation at the university was the culmination of a week long series of events designed for students and alumni. York had a lot of responsibility that week both formally and informally. He had meals, receptions to attend for his department as well as for senior leadership at the school. He had to spend more time than he wanted to with trustees, alums, colleagues and not as much time as he wanted with his cohort of young women. For some this would be the last time on campus and York wanted to make sure he got in quality time. 

For the seniors it was a week of last hurrahs filled with parties, field trips, formals and fun activities on campus. Nicole and the girls of the sorority were having a lot of fun but they knew they would have more fun if York was with them. Nicole, Daphne and Hunter did their best to create opportunities that required faculty presence in ways that didn't arouse suspicion if York was around. As student leaders in the school they were able to get the student government board to organize an evening mixer for seniors and faculty on the first night of senior week. The event would have the usual leadership giving their usual speeches but it would be an excuse for them to all dress up and be with York. Nicole, Taylor/Red, Daphne and Hunter volunteered to be in charge of finding the venue. They picked the city's historical athletic club. Back in the day it was a private men's club but functioned more now as an elite catering venue. It maintained the early 20th century feel of deep dark wood paneling, leather furniture but most importantly lots of small private rooms in addition to the larger rooms for the event they were planning. The small room were where historically the businessmen would broker their deals. Nicole, Daphne and Hunter had deals they planned to broker with York for sure. 

On Monday night, after a long boring day of brunches, lunches and meetings York was ready for the mixer. York put on his best James Bond tux and bow tie and headed to the event. He was a little late though because Maddie, Sophia and Diane needed some attention because they weren't seniors and unable to participate in the weeks events. When they saw him leaving in his tux they blocked the doorway until they got some sucking, fucking and cumming action. Leaving them with cum covered faces York was finally able to head to the mixer. Upon arrival York was greeted by his three favorite seniors who were responsible for checking in guests and handing out name tags. Nicole was wearing a beautiful canary yellow cotton dress. Long slits on both legs gave him ample views of her thighs. The top portion was held up by one thick strap tied with a bow behind her neck. The material clung to her body revealing every perfect curve. Her ass cupped beautifully and given the 6 inch stilletoes that were barely shoes at all. It gave her the appearance of standing on her toes. She had one leg positioned in front of her so the material fell away to reveal her leg and adorned foot. Her tits tucked daintily in the soft yellow fabric begging to be sucked. She never stopped taking his breath away. 

"Good evening Dr. York." Said Nicole greeting him with a warm smile. 

"Good evening Dr. York. Welcome." Said Taylor. 

She was wearing a burgundy dress with gold trim. It was an off the shoulder dress with a matching diagonal cut along the front that went from her left hip to her right ankle. The whole left side were just a few straps. Exposing her entire side for viewing. It also exposed the entire side of her left tit. 

"Good evening to you all."

"Let me get you your name tag." Nicole said as she perused the long table filled with name tags for the guests. "Hmmmm. I don't seem to see one for you Dr. York. But it's not a big deal. If you follow Hunter here she will take you to another room where we have a printer and get you all fixed up."

York turned to face Hunter. Her brown and blonde streaked hair styled into loose ringlets. She was wearing a classic black gown. Long but extremely form fitting. It was strapless and backless. Hunter slipped her arm through York's and led him away down a hallway behind the registration table. 

"Come with me Dr. York. Let's get you that new name tag." She said loud enough for arriving faculty to hear so as to defer suspicion. 

As soon as the rounded a corner York slipped his hand to cup Hunters perfect round ass. Squeezing her ass good he pulled her to him and kissed her deeply. His hands roaming all over her exposed back and slipping down into the gown to get a handful of her bare ass. He was pleasantly happy to find that she was not wearing any underwear. 

"Mmmm Dr. York mmmm if you follow me to the private room we can really take care of your problem." She moaned into his ear. 

"And by problem you mean my extreme undeniable need to fuck you?!"

"Absolutely unnggh yesss. I ahhhhh can take of that mmmmm personally." 

Hunter really wanted him to fuck her in the hallway around the corner from the registration table so all the arriving faculty could hear York fucking her cunt hard. But she knew better. She led York into a private room filled with a few leather sofas and chairs. And an old stone fireplace. She wished it was winter and the fire was blazing so York could fuck her by the fire. She pushed York down onto the sofa and stood before him. She unzipped her dress and let it fall to her feet. Her body was amazing. Long. Muscular and lean. Yes still curvaceous. Her round plump ass and full hips getting York aroused. She left on her 5 inch heeled red pumps. She leaned down and freed York's cock from his pants. Gave it a quick suck and then whispered to him. 

"We don't have a lot of time so we're gonna have to go straight to fucking if that's ok with you."

"Whatever you wish my dear Hunter."

Hunter stepped up onto the sofa and squatted over his dick. Holding onto the back of the sofa she thrust down forcefully and enveloped York's cock in one motion burying it to the hilt. They both groaned loudly. The thick wooden door and walls muffling their sounds. Hunter began pumping up and down on York's cock hard and fast. She looked down on him hungrily. 

"Pleae don't hold back! Mmmmmm! I want your cum now! Ohhhhh! Pleeeease give it tooooo meeee!" She pleaded. 

York had never seen her so eager to have him cum. But he was not going to disobey. Instead of focusing on containing his cum he did the opposite. He allowed himself to be taken in by her beauty. Her wonderful tits. Her ass slapping against him. Her smell. Her eyes. It didn't take long. She was too beautiful to not cum right away for. 

"Fuuuck. I'm cumming!" He groaned. 

"Yes yes yes fill me up with your cum!" She squealed in delight. 

York emptied his balls into her. She sunk her hips down onto him. Wrapping her arms around him and kissing him passionately. They held each other for a few minutes before heading back to the reception. 

"Thank you Dr. York. You have no idea what an amazing gift you have given me. But don't worry we will have many longer sessions before the week is over!" She hugged him and led him out of the room. 

When they returned Nicole handed York his name tag apologizing for not seeing it the first time around. She winked at him as he entered to main dining hall. Most of the evening was uneventful. Mindless chatter. Towards the end of the evening Daphne approached him with a special request. 

"Dr. York. I hate to ask you to do some work at this event but would you mind helping me with something. We have a problem with the caterers and the contract and I need a university official to help."

"Of course Daphne. Lead the way." York was glad to be saved from the boring conversation he was in. 

York followed Daphne out of the dining hall and up the main staircase. She was wearing an all white tight fitting dress. It stopped just below her ass and the front was open all the way to her belly button barely containing her tits. Her blonde hair a little longer than usual. Slightly curly it framed her face nicely. As York followed her up the stairs her beautifully long legs glided up ahead of him. The stair climb caused her dress to ride up enough to get some butt cheek viewing. When they got to the top of the stairs out of view of the reception York slipped his hand up her dress between her legs. No underwear either. Daphne led him into a room that only had a large oak desk and a chair. She turned to face him as he closed the door behind him. Raising her dress above her hips to reveal her freshly shaved pussy. She pulled the front of her dress off her shoulders freeing her tits. She sat back onto the desk and spread her legs wide. 

"Come get what has always been yours to have." She invited him hungrily. 

York unzipped his pants as he walked to her and freed his cock. He slid into her pussy as she wrapped her legs around him. Pulling him completely into her cunt. He reached around and grabbed her ass with both hands to aide his forward thrusts. 

"We don't have a lot of time Dr. York. Mmmmm. I can't wait unnngghh for your cum mmmmm any ohhhhhh longerrrrr ahhhhh!"

"Why issss everyone in ahhhhhh rush tonight?" His hips pumping furiously into Daphne's eager cunt. 

"Shhhh just ahhhhhhhh mmmmm fuck meeeee.' She whined. 

York learned to stop asking questions. He fucked her as she wished. Sucking on her tits as he pumped his orgasm came hard. He pushed as deep into her as she could. She squeezed her legs tight around him to pull him in even deeper. She wrapped her arms around his neck. She whispered as his last spurts of cum entered her. 

"Thank you Dr. York you have no idea what an amazing gift you have given me." And she kissed him deeply. 

It took York a second to realize that Daphne had said what Hunter had also said to him. 

"Don't worry Dr. York we will have many longer sessions before the end of the week. She said after they had gotten dressed and she led him out of the room. They returned to the reception. 

At the end of the evening Nicole approached him with a young lady he recognized from the sorority but didn't know well. She was short. Maybe 5ft even. But her six inch heels put her close to York's height. She wore a bright red super short and tight dress. Her tits were enormous. DDs. And ready to burst out the strapless top. Her wavy sandy brown hair complemented her sandy brown eyes. Her voluptuous shape had York's cock growing instantly. Nicole introduced her as Devin. She was on the university dance squad and a graduating senior. 

"Dr. York can you give Devin and I a ride home. Our driver had one too many and we'd rather be safe than sorry." 

"Of course. Follow me." 

When they got to the car. Nicole insisted that she drive and he and Devin get in the back seat together. York was happy to oblige. As soon as they were away from the reception Devin was all over York. She climbed onto his lap as Nicole drove and rubbed her voluptuous body all over York. Freeing her enormous tits she smashed them into York's face. Smothering him. He happily sucked on her giant globes. Biting and sucking her nipples. She quickly hiked up her dress and freed his cock. She slipped her tiny body onto his cock and ground her hips into him. 

"It's a short ride to campus Dr. York so I suggest you ahhhhh don't waste mmmmm any time ohhhhh yesss!"

"Seems like that mmmmm is the ohhhh theme of ahhhhh the night." York groaned as he thrust his cock upwards. Squeezing her huge ass and then returning to sucking her tits. 

"Fuck me fuck me fuck me fuck me!!" Devin chanted. 

"Yesssss ohhhhhh mmmmm I'm cuummmmmming!"

York emptied his seed into Devin. She contracted her pussy coaxing all of the cum out of his balls. 

"Thank you Dr. York. You've given me the most amazing gift." Devin said as she got out of the car. York hadn't realized they were already parked in front of the sorority house while he was cumming. She left him in the back seat with his dick out of his pants and wondering why she was the third one to say that same phrase. 

Nicole began to drive back to his apartment. Before he could ask she began to answer his question. 

"Yes all three girls knew they were saying the same thing to you. The gift you have given them is life. None of them are on birth control. You have cum into unprotected cunts. You will continue to fuck them all week to make sure you have fertilizerd them. They will have your babies. As will many others in years to come. As will I eventually. Hopefully I will have many of your babies. This will be your true legacy." 

York was speechless. He didn't say anything on the car ride home. Not when he got in the apartment. Not when Sophia, Maddie, Diane and Taylor fucked him all night long. He came in all of their willing cunts wondering if they too were unprotected. Then he fucked them some more. Were they also trying to have his babies? He fucked Nicole. Deep. Hard. Fast. Intensely. Came in her. And fucked them all again. He had been studded out. And he couldn't be happier. 

He woke to the smell of food. Maddie and Diane asleep on either side of him. Their heads resting on his chest. Legs draped over his body. He looked up and saw Nicole standing in the doorway smiling at him. She walked to the bed and gently woke the two sleeping girls and told them to go get their breakfast. They sleepily obeyed and walked out of the room naked. Nicole removed her clothes and slid into the bed with York. Immediately she got on top of him and put his cock inside of her. Laying still and flat on him she kissed him passionately. He broke her kiss to finally talk.

"Are you..?" He began. 

"No. I am still on the pill as are all the girls here. Red and I are waiting till school is over. The others aren't seniors yet. This is strictly a graduation gift." She interrupted him. 

"But why?" 

"Why? Because we all wanted it. We've all talked about this since the first night at the sorority. We have it all planned. Only girls that want to will ask. They have to be graduating seniors with good jobs to be able to take care of a child on their own. Daphne got a job in Denmark for a major fashion designer. She has enough money to pay for a nanny. Hunter got a job in San Francisco with an computer software engineering company. She's going to make more money than god. Devin will be working as a financial analyst for an investment bank in Montreal."

"So why wasn't I a part of the decision?"

"We knew you would resist even though I know right now you are happier than you have ever been. We knew you deserved a real legacy. You will have so many children. Something you thought you'd never have. Also so many girls won't see you ever again after graduation and this was their way of taking you with them. Daphne and Hunter will of course but girls like Devin who aren't part of the inner circle need some of you to take with them. We won't surprise you anymore. They will tell you up front if they want the gift. This year it's just a few of them. But we have a graduating class of about 15 next year. Not to mention anyone that graduates in December. Diane of course was ready to drop out of school immediately and have your babies now but we talked her out of that."

York was both stunned and elated. How had all of this happened. 

"Fuck me now and I'll pretend I'm not on birth control. I wish I could give you babies now." Nicole said sultrily. York looked at her deeply as he started to pump his cock into her. 

"Trust me, when I am ready we will have non stop babies for as long as possible. And here is another sort of surprise. Red and I aren't going to medical school. We've decided on law school. Here. It's three years instead of ten and no debt. And we will live together the whole time. No split custody."

"How were you able to get admitted so late and how no debt?" He asked puzzled. 

"Well you have to thank the Mackenzies. I sent them to the dean of the law school to bargain on our behalf. One blow job and ass lick and he promised automatic admission to anyone in the sorority along with a full scholarship. Stupid man. They would have fucked him but he offered up everything before he even came on Mackenzie's tits. And now that we have him he won't refuse us or we go to the university president and get him fired."

"Well I guess I will have to thank the Mackenzies personally." 

"Wellllll I already promised them that you will take them on a trip for a weekend just the three of you. I hope that's ok." 

"Do I ever lose with you and your plans?"

"Nope. Now just fuck me and give me a baby!"

So York fucked her. The whole time Nicole begged him for a baby. Begging him to make her belly swell with life. Begging him to give some of him to her forever. She begged and begged until he came. Filling her up. They lay there imagining what her belly would look like filled with life. The other girls came in with breakfast and they ate. And then of course fucked some more. Diane doing her best to convince York to let her have a baby now. He promised her one day but she needed to graduate first. She unhappily agreed. He made it up to her by fucking her ass extra good. That always put her in a good mood. And it did. She stopped begging for a baby and started begging for an ass fucking. This was how they all spent the rest of the morning. There was another event that evening that was just for students but the girls had finagled a way to get York involved without anyone knowing. 

The sorority had pitched the idea of a costume party as a senior week event. The theme would be superheroes/heroines and of course villains. Everyone was required to wear a costume to enter the party. This was their way of getting York in. York could attend the party in disguise. Flirt and grope the girls and no one would be the wiser. York decided to go with his all time favorite. Spider-Man. He found a replica of one from the movies. Good thing he had been under Diane's workout tutelage. It was super tight and fit him perfectly. Every muscle in his body showed. But it also meant that hIs dick showed. When he tried it on for the girls in the apartment Maddie immediately rubbed her ass against his crotch. Causing his dick to grown immediately. Every nuance of his cock was outlined in the suit. Thankfully it had a fold in the costume that was originally designed to allow the wearer to go to the bathroom without having to take off the suit completely. Maddie took full advantage and sucked his cock until he emptied his load down her throat. She was a fan of spider-man too. 

Nicole decided to go with Catwoman. Though it was more of an S&M suit. It consisted of a leather bikini top. Leather pants that were shredded so more of her skin showed than was covered. Leather studded belt. Long black gloves. And of course a whip. Sophia decided she had to take advantage of her favorite villain. She peeled Nicole's tits out of her top and pulled her pants down enough so that she could suck on Nicole's tits while finger fucking her to orgasm. 

Red decided to as Harely Quinn. Her long luscious red hair in two loose linty tails. Her thin white t-shirt barely covered her tits. At least half of the bottom of her tits were exposed. Which meant no bra. Her nipples impossible to miss in the almost sheer white T-shirt. The T-shirt read 'teacher's pet'. Her bottoms were bright blue leather bikini bottoms. A good chunk of her ass cheek spilling out the bottom. Fishnet stockings completed the outfit. She even carried a baseball bat. Diane and Sophia, not the be left out, devoured Red's tits each slipping one hand into the front of her shorts to finger fuck Red. The other hand into the back to slide a finger into her asshole. It didn't take long for Red to cum. Her pussy juices dripping down her leg and coating her fishnets. 

Nicole made them all leave or they would never get to the party. They left Maddie, Sophia and Diane curled up in bed together doing their best to make each other cum. It was hard for the three of them too leave that scene. But they did and went to the party. When York, Red and Nicole arrived the party was in full swing. A dj was playing popular songs so Red and Nicole dragged York out onto the dance floor and sandwiched him between them. Nicole with her back to him grinding her ass into his dick to make it grow. Red behind him pressing her tits into him and pinching his nipples. Nicole reached behind her and slipped his dick out of his suit and began to stroke it. It was so densely packed that no one could see what she was doing. York was at her mercy. He came all over her cat suit. His white cum standing out against her black leather suit. She turned to face him and slipped his cock back into his suit. She whispered in his ear. 
