 York was a man of his word and so after graduation he fulfilled his promise to spend a weekend with the Mackenzies to thank them for their contribution in helping Nicole and Taylor/Red/Harley get into law school. It didn't take them long to figure out a destination. A cabin in the mountains York had regular access to. The Mackenzies loved the outdoors. York hadn't been off the grid in a while so he was happy to go. 

The cabin was pretty secluded. It was about 2000 feet up in elevation. It was set in a high meadow surrounded by old growth forests. Trails from the cabin took one to various spots. Waterfalls. Canyons. Snow fed lake. The log cabin itself was hand built back in the early 1900s but had some modern upgrades. The stone fireplace and the only heat source was original but the kitchen, jacuzzi, bathroom and outdoor shower were updates he made. A honda generator provided the only electricity which he primarily only used for the jacuzzi. He had plans to build an old school sauna but it would mean hauling rocks from the lake two miles away. 

York originally got it a writer's retreat space. He sometimes lent it out to colleagues who needed to finish a manuscript unencumbered. This was the first time he brought someone up here. He had promised to bring the girls but none of them had time to come during the school year. He planned to get a lot more use out of it now. The Mackenzies would be the start. 

They of course drove up separately. York actually arrived a day early to get the cabin ready. Make sure the generator was working. No new problems had arisen since his last check in at the end of last summer. Some wildlife was clearly evident by the bear and deer scat not too far from the cabin. There were black bears around but they rarely came around when people were around. York's preparations were interrupted by a far away noise that grew louder. At first it was hard that make out but then it became clear it was music. It must be the Mackenzies. A day early. Then into view came their Jeep Wrangler. Solid white. Huge lift package. Off road tires. The tops and doors removed. Roll cage exposed. Blaring a pop tune and singing at the top of their lungs. He'd seen them like this before. 

They regularly drove through campus like this. It was their signature. Except today was a little different. The jeep's top wasn't the only thing removed. Their perfect b cup tits were also exposed. They were driving through the mountains topless. God bless them. They brought the Jeep to a skid and with the music still blaring stood on their seats dancing to the tune. They were dancing and singing along to Rihanna's 'Only girl in the world'. Clearly expressing how they wanted the weekend to go. Their perfect tits jiggling along with their perfectly tanned bodies. 

MC (Mackenzie Christina) was wearing only a bright blue boy short spandex bottom. Her round ass a third of which was hanging out. Her gyrations making the shorts ride up even more. Her smooth toned legs begging to be wrapped around York. Her currly dark hair recently highlighted with blonde streaks. MJ (Mackenzie Jaqueline) had on super short jean shorts that were unbuttoned down the front and flipped open to revel bare skin. No underwear to be seen. Her short dark straight hair had one long streak of bright red in it. She was just as tall as MC but a little more voluptuous and a little fuller in her hips and ass. York stood and watched the show. The girls danced until the song ended. Never taking their eyes off York the whole time. This weekend they would be the only girls in the world. York would make sure of it. 

When the song finally ended they jumped out of the Jeep and ran to York. MC getting to him first and leaping into his arms. Wrapping herself around him and embracinging him in a kiss. MJ when she got to him dropped to her knees and removed his pants freeing his cock which she immediately swallowed and began to stroke and suck diligently. Her hands exploring his balls and ass. York regretted never bringing the girls up here sooner. Here he was standing in the forest with two beautiful young women being devoured. MC's tongue like a snake in his mouth. His one hand gripping her ass the other on the back of MJs head helping her suck him off. They stayed like that with MJ urging York to cum in her mouth. Her tongue flicking his frenulum. Making his balls twitch and tighten. 

York flipped MC upside down and burying his face in her crotch. His teeth attempting to pull her spandex shorts to the side to get access to her cunt. MC released her hold on him to help push her shorts out of the way. York's tongue finding her clit easily. He sucked and nibbled on her. MC devoured his balls while MJ continued to suck his dick. But she was good at sharing. She slipped York's cock out with a pop and slid it into MC's mouth. They went back and forth sucking York's balls and dick. York doing his best to devour MC's cunt. 

"Oh fuck yesssss Dr. York eat my cunt!! God yessss don't stop!! Ohhhh shiitttt!!" MC squealed and then went back to sucking his dick. 

MJ while sloppily sucking York's balls was mashing his ass and fingering his asshole. She knew him well enough with one of them working their tongue on his frenulum and the other working his asshole he would cum soon. And he did. His groans into MC's cunt sent her into her orgasm. Filling York's mouth. Her moans of delight vibrating through his cock. MC took his first shots of cum in her mouth but then she released him so MJ could get her share. Before she could get her mouth around his cock a couple of spurts landed on her face and tits. But she managed to swallow the rest. York released MC to the ground. Where she knelt next to MJ and slurped the cum off her face and tits. 

"Surprise!!" They said in unison after consuming all of York's cum. "We came early! And so did you!"

"Well this is a great surprise!" York replied as he helped the girls to their feet and gave them a huge hug. Their naked tits pressing into his chest.

"We just couldn't wait another day to be with you so we decided to head out early. It is absolutely beautiful up here!" Exclaimed MJ. 

"Well let me show you around then." 

York took them by the hand and led them into the cabin. He showed them the main living area with the fireplace. The kitchen. The bathroom. And then the bedroom. They girls pushed York onto the bed. Stripped off his clothes and their bottoms and took up position. MC squatted on his dick. MJ squatted on his face. They kissed and embraced as they rode York to orgasm. He filled MC's pussy. MJ following soon after with her own orgasm into York's eager mouth. They rolled off of York and the bed. 

"Well we're ready to continue the tour!" MC said as she heldout her hand to help York up. 

"We came to fuck and to fuck often Dr. York." MJ added. 

"Whatever you ladies want." 

York said as he squeezed both their asses as they walked out of the room. All three naked except their shoes. They walked outside where York showed them the shower and jacuzzi. 

"Dr. York I plan to get really dirty from fucking so I can fuck you clean in this shower!" MC stated while grabbing a hold of York's cock. 

"And I plan to fuck you in that jacuzzi under the night sky with the stars shining down on us!" MJ added as she helped MC stroke York's cock. 

"And I plan to fuck you both in front of a roaring fire tonight!" York replied as he slid his hands into their ass cracks to finger fuck their ass holes. 

"But let's replenish our energy. I have some lunch we can have." York said as he started to head back inside. 

"Can we have a picnic right out here?! We have a big blanket in the Jeep. MC and I will lay it out." 

"Of course. That's a great idea."

York went inside. After a few minutes he returned with sliced French bread, lunch meats, fruits and lemonade. MC sat with York reclining in her lap. MJ snuggling up next to him. All three taking turns feeding each other as well as fondling. Kissing with fruit shared between mouths. It wasn't long before the food was abandoned and they were back to fucking. MJ got on all fours. York on his knees penetrating her from behind. MC laying on her back with her pussy in MC's face. York stroked deep and hard into MJ. Her moans muffled by MC's pussy. York gave her ass some good slaps. Sending tingles through her whole body. She raised her head briefly to beg York for more. 

"Fucking slap my ass good. Make me cum Dr. York! Ohhhhh mmmmmm!"

York obeyed. He then got on his feet. Placed his legs outside of MJ's and began pistoning in and out relentlessly of her cunt. 

"Ohhhhh shiiitttt yessss! I've wanted this for soooooo ahhhhhhhh loooooonnnnggggg ngggggg! FUCK MEEEEEE!!" She yelled. 

York's pistoning drove MJ to devouring MC's cunt. It didn't take her long to make her cum. 

"Ooohhhhh yessss baby!! Eat my fucking pussy!! I want to mmmmmmm cum in your mouth! York looks so mmmmmm fucking ahhhhhh hot fucking youuuuuuuu!! Aieeeeeee ooohhhhhh yessssss!!" 

MC flooded MJ's mouth with her pussy juices. She collapsed onto the blanket. MJ still sucking her cunt. York slipped his hand around MJ's waist to rub her clit. His rubbing matching his cock's intensity. It didn't take long for her orgasm to burst from her cunt. 

"OH MY GODDDD YESSSSSSS AIEEEEEEE!!" 

MJ collapsed onto her upper body. Her hips still held aloft by York who continued to fuck her into wildness. MJ lost all control. She didn't want control. She was happy to relinquish herself to York. Her body and her soul was for him and him alone. She laid there and let this amazing man fuck her into exctasy. And he did. She came two more times before he showed any signs of slowing down. MC decided to help her friend out. She got up and went behind York. She remembered what Nicole had told her. When York got into this mode the only way to bring him out was to slip a finger in his ass hole and slap his ass hard with the other. Then order him to cum. 

SMACK!

"CUM NOW MOTHERFUCKER!! FILL HER CUNT!!" MC ordered. 

SMACK!

It worked. York groaned loudly and unleashed all of his cum into MJ. Shots of cum filled her pussy. MC continued to squeeze his ass and fondle his balls. She squeezed all of his cum out of his dick and into MJ. York collapsed onto MJ and they both collapsed onto the blanket. MC sprawled across their sweaty bodies going back and forth between them kissing them sweetly. Their breaths coming heavily. 

"Holy shit Dr. York! You're unbelievable. We may have to keep you up here forever! And not let you go!" MJ said half seriously. 

They drifted off to sleep and napped outside for about thirty minutes. York woke and took turns carrying each girl inside and laying them on the bed to continue their nap. York went back to getting the cabin ready and then began working on dinner preparations. He had hauled bricks up one year and built a bbq pit. He threw steaks and some veggies on it for dinner. The smell of food roused the girls from their slumber. They came out of the cabin to find York grilling dinner. The girls had put on spandex bottoms but remained topless. York was very pleased with his dinner guests attire. 

"Good thing this isn't one of those establishments that say no shirt no service." York teased. 

The girls just giggled and took seats on outdoor patio York had also built with the same bricks he used for the grill. York served and they ate greedily. MC sat in his lap while they ate. Caressing his chest and feeding him chunks of grilled meat. Letting the juices spill onto her naked tits. York happily cleaned her up each time. MJ of course would not be left out so she playfully pulled MC off of him and took her turn. 

"I can't think of a better way to have a meal." York stated. 

"I could suck your dick while MJ feeds you!" MC replied. 

"I stand corrected. But let's save some energy for this evening. Why don't we take a short walk around the meadow. You ladies might want to put tops on. The bugs will be out soon and you don't want those beautiful tits bitten. Well by anything other than me. There's bug repellent on the counter in the bathroom. It's my own concoction of tea tree oil. It smells great and isn't chemical. Works amazingly."

The ladies went inside and returned shortly wearing long sleeve T-shirt's. Their nipples stil prominent. Their legs shiny from the spray of the tea tree oil. The set off for their walk. York had become something a naturalist with his time at the cabin. He pointed out the local plants, edible and poisonous. He showed them the various hiking trails that took them to either the lake, waterfalls or the valley. He pointed out the tree where he knew owls nested. It was starting to get dark and the bugs were encroaching so they headed back to the cabin. York suggested the girls take a shower to wash off the tea tree oil and he would get a fire started. As he was bringing in fire wood he heard the initial squeals of the girls as the cold water hit them. He intentionally forgot to tell the the water wasn't heated. 

"Oh shit this is cold!! No fair Dr. York you didn't warn us!! You're gonna pay for this! MJ called out. 

The squeals were eventually replaced with moaning. Clearly the girls found a way to get warm. It wasn't long before he heard them both cumming. Calling out his name. York's cock grew in anticipation. He had a major fire going with a fur skin rug that came with the cabin laid out on the front of it. It was soft and luxurious. York hear a noise at the door and looked up. Both Mackenzies were standing in the doorway still wet. Their nipples hard and erect from the cold water and their orgasms. The girls ran over and jumped on him. York feigning protest as the cold wet girls rubbed themseslves all over him. He had no choice but to remove his now wet clothes. They curled up together close to the fire. Letting it warm and dry them. 

"Is this supposed to be payback?" York joked as he squeezed MJ's nipple. 

She replied by pushing him onto his back and sliding her pussy onto his cock. 

"No. This is payback. Your hot cock is going to warm us up from the inside as the fire warms our outside." She purred in his ear. 

MJ rode York's cock slowly but pressed herself down as deep as she could go each time. MC slid in next to York turning his face so she could kiss him while her hand caressed MJ. They fucked slowly and deeply for quite a while. Their desire to rush abated from the earlier day's fuckings. 

MJ slowly reaching her orgasm. York and MC urging her on. She crumbled onto York her body no longer shivering from cold but from her orgasm. She rolled to York's other side close to the fire as MC mounted York for her ride. MJ returning the favor and caressing her best friend as she fucked York. York lay there dreamily. The crackling fire. A beautiful young woman on top of him. Her tits dangling in his face. His cock deep in her pussy. Another beautiful young woman kissing him deeply. They fucked for a long time. The girls amazed at York's stamina and control. MC reaching her orgasm before York. She too crumpled and lay on top of him. York slid her off of him and rolled her onto her back. He slid his cock into her with MJ caressing them both. MC wrapped her legs around York and begged him to fuck her. 

"Fuck me as long as you want. My body is all yours." MC offered him. 

York began a long series of deep long hard thrusts in and out of her pussy. MC urging and begging him along. MJ going back and forth kissing the two of them. From MC's perspective York seemed to fuck her for hours. Her two orgasms while he fucked her may have disrupted her sense of time. She didn't care. She just didn't want it to end. 

"You are a goddamn god! I will worship you forever! Just promise me you'll always fuck me like this!" She groaned as York's stroking continued. 

"Always. For both of you. Always!" York replied. 

"But please cum in me now. I want to feel your warmth inside of me." MC begged. 

York obeyed. He was simply waiting for her request. He no longer held back his seed. He grunted and groaned and filled her pussy. The warmth of the fire matching the warmth of her pussy around his dick. He lay down between the girls and they drifted off to sleep on the rug in front of the fire. In the middle of the night York woke to restock the fire. MJ was waiting for him when he returned. She mounted him and they fucked while MC continued to sleep next to them. York stroking into her deeply and slowly until the first rays of sunlight were showing. He came deep in her pussy and they fell back asleep. York woke to a mouth on his dick. It was MC. 

"Hmmm. This tastes like MJ! Are you all cheating on me?" 

MC teased as she pulled his foreskin down to reveal his bulbous head. She formed a tight seal around the ridge and flicked his frenulum without opening her mouth. She locked her eyes on York's as she stroked his cock and fondled his nuts. Her eyes waiting for an answer. 

"You were mmmmmm sleeping and we ohhhh didn't want to wake you ahhhhh!" 

York feebly tried to explain. His words lost with her tongue action. MC replied by increasing the suction on the head of his cock. She felt his cock twitch in response. She increased her stroking pace and squeezed his nuts harder. York groaned in pleasure waking MJ. Who looked like she was going to protest her exclusion but MC's glare told her otherwise. She looked at York and shrugged her shoulders at him. 

"Sorry babe. You're on your own for this round." 

MJ said innocently pretending to go to sleep but placing her hand on York's chest caressing him and squeezing his nipples. MC slapped her playfully as if to tell her she was not in a sharing mood. MJ removed her hand. She lay back and watched. Slipping her hand between her own legs. Hopefully MC wouldn't stop her from pleasuring herself. She watched MC work her mouth magic on York. She could create an intense amount of pressure on the head of his cock. Combined with her hand work it was amazing that York hadn't cum already. After several minutes focusing on just the head she opened her mouth and engulfed York's whole cock all the way to the base. MJ could see her throat expand as York's cock filled her. MC had mastered her gag reflex so she could take his whole cock without trouble. She bobbed up and down on his cock. Letting the saliva from her mouth drip down his dick. She sucked York's dick sloppily and noisily making sure MJ understood what she was excluded from. It worked. MJ's groans and squeals as her orgasm hit let her know that she taught her her lesson. MC turned her focus back to the cock in her mouth. She sucked York hard with immense pressure. 

"Holy fucking shit!! Your mouth is amazing!! Fucking devour me!!" York groaned loudly. 

MC wanted him to beg even more. She wouldn't be content until he was pleading like a wild animal. She slipped a finger into his ass and continued to squeeze his balls with the other hand. She bobbed harder and faster on his dick with her mouth. Her tongue practically wrapping itself around the head of his dick like a snake. It drove York wild. 

"FUCKING WHORE!! COCK SUCKING GODDESS!! DON'T FUCKING STOP!! EVER!!" York bellowed. 

That's what she was looking for. She knew York enjoyed being owned as much as he loved when the girls gave themselves to him. She devoured his cock. Making him beg for more. His hips beginning to buck showing his urgency to cum down her throat. She downed his whole cock wanting his cum to empty straight into her belly. York grabbed her head and held it in place as he unloaded his cum into her open throat. MC sucked him continuously as his cum streamed down her throat. York was amazed at her ability to swallow with his cock so far down his throat. When she felt she had it all she slowly slid York's cock out of her mouth. But gave his bulb one last suction and a flick of his frenulum. York groaned in pleasure. Completely spent he collapsed onto his back. 
