 Author's Note: This is the follow-up story to After-Party at Angelo's. It can be read alone, but it's better if you read the first part before.

*****

"Slowly, honey or I will squirt too fast," I moaned.

"I want you to come all over my boobs," said Liza.

I was straddling her, one leg on either side and my cock hard between her lips. She loved to suck me off in that position for some reason. I thought it looked uncomfortable but I guess she liked it.

Her lips were stretched around my shaft and I was the one doing all the work now, sliding it in and out while she used her tongue and that's why I complained. She had this little trick, don't ask me how she did it, but It felt so good that I was worried I would come before I could fuck her, but apparently, she didn't want me to.

"I'm so close, so close," I moaned.

She pushed my cock out of her mouth using her tongue and then grabbed the shaft. She stroked it slowly at first and then increased the speed and when I came she angled it down so I came over her firm tits.

"Mm, baby that was good," she purred while playing with my juice.

I got off her and lay down next to her. "Honey, when do you think we can do what you promised me?" I said.

She slowly lifted her finger from her boob and there was a strand of cum attached to it. 

"Liza?"

She turned her head. "I heard you, and I have some good news."

"Tell me," I said and pushed myself up one elbow.

"Well, there is this new girl, her name is Michelle, and she is from out of town. She has short black hair down to her earlobes, her body is petite, but she has nice boobs, at least they look nice when she wears a tight top."

"Mm, sounds good. What's your plan?"

She opened her eyes in fake surprise. "My plan? You are the one who wants to see me with another woman, so you have to figure out how we get there."

I fell back on the bed. "Oh, shit."

"Yep, exactly, now go and make me breakfast, I'm taking a shower."

****** 

Six months had gone by since that crazy night at Angelo's where I had sucked cock for the first and so far the only time in my life. I had done it because Liza had promised me that she would let me see her with another woman if I did it.

Since then we had moved in together in a house not far from campus. We figured we would save on rent by living together. What I didn't count on was the traffic of all her friends coming by every day. It was like if we had revolving doors. I didn't want to nag about it since my friends came by too, but not in the numbers hers did. Another reason I didn't complain was that most of Liza's friends were really hot, and I actually liked being around them. You can learn a lot from slightly tipsy single females who talk about sex without thinking that you are there.

I had suggested to Liza that she tried with one of her friends, to see if they could hook up, but she had said no. Her friends were too important to her, and if she made a mistake she might lose one of them. She preferred someone new on campus.

*****

I was spreading jam on toast when Liza walked into the kitchen. She was only wearing a pair of white thong panties and a matching white bra. She looked delicious and I thought about taking her then and there, but since she wore makeup and had fixed her hair I thought better of it. She was off to class while I still had three hours until mine began.

"That looks good," she said, indicating the plate I had made her, toast, fruit and a bowl of cereal.

"Thanks, so how do you suggest I should handle Michelle?"

Liza looked up from the bowl. "No, you don't talk to her. You just make a plan, and I will put into effect. Think about it as a bank robbery, you are the brain who comes up with the plan, and I am the crook who actually does the robbery.

"Ah, okay, now I get it."

"Good, please go and take a shower, and put some clothes on. Your cock is distracting me."

I always made breakfast naked; you never knew when you might get a quick blowjob before class.

******

I had never planned a bank job or the seduction of a young woman into a girl on girl action. What would make a girl our age even consider being with another woman? Curiosity, love, mutual attraction, but how would I even know if this Michelle was into girls? She might be straighter than straight or have a religious hang up. I decided I should follow her for a while, just to get to know here a bit and find out where she hung out and with whom.

After my last class, I walked over to the business school and sat down on a bench with a school book that I pretended to read. After a while, the students began to come out and I saw Liza head off to the cafeteria with a couple of her friends. Luckily she hadn't seen me or there would have been hell to pay.

A few minutes later Michelle came out. She was alone and looked a bit lost. I stayed where I was watching her from behind my sunglasses.

She was dressed in jeans and a white T-shirt with some kind of logo on it. When she turned and I saw her in profile and smile grew on my lips. She did have big boobs.

Suddenly she spotted me and came right at me. It was too late to get up and leave so I sat there, hoping I looked innocent.

"Excuse me, I need some help."

I took off my sunglasses and said, "Sure, what do you need?"

"Well, I am kind of lost. I think my dorm is over that way but I am not sure."

"In which one do you live?"

"Custer Dorm."

"You are right, it's that way. Just walk down the path past the cafeteria and you will see it."

"Thanks, maybe I'll see you again?"

Crap, that was not a good idea, I thought, but said, "yeah, maybe."

I watched her walk away from me and her ass looked as good as her front. She was petite, no more than five-one, at the most. I am well over six feet and big. I would probably crush her if I lay on top of her, but that wasn't the plan. 

Her voice had been soft with a hint of Oklahoma or Texas in it. I figured she had grown up in a small town or even a farm, which was good. That made her a bit innocent and easier to seduce. Big city girls were much savvier when it came to sex I had learned.

When Liza came home I was making dinner for us. I could only make two things and today I had made one of them, Spaghetti Alfredo with mushrooms. I had learned it from an Italian girl I used to date back in Boston. I would have learned more, but when her parents found out she was dating a Yugoslavian boy, they broke it off.

"Hi, honey?" Liza called.

"I'm in the kitchen."

"God, Alfredo again?" she said when she walked in.

"Yes, or you could cook."

She laughed and patted my shoulder. "If you don't want to die of starvation, you keep on cooking or we order in."

Liza was useless in the kitchen. She grew up rich and had people to cook for her and her parents. It was amazing that she even knew how to drive since they also had drivers. She did know how to use the laundry machine, though, I had thought her that.

She dipped her finger in the sauce and sucked on it loudly. "Mm, it does taste good, though."

"That's nasty, I know where that finger has been," said, sounding horrified.

"Mm, but I did wash it afterward."

She gave me a kiss and then walked out of the kitchen. I guessed she was on her way to get changed so I diced some mushrooms and added them to the sauce. 

When she came back she opened the fridge and served us two glasses of wine. It was a new thing for us. Before the night at Angelo's, I was a beer and shots guy and she mostly drank Mimosas. Angelo had introduced us to wine and even though we couldn't afford the labels he could, we did have a few good ones.

"Thank you, and cheers," I said.

"Did you hang out outside the business school today?" she said, looking at me sideways.

"Mm, not really, I walked past it, why?" Better be careful with what I said.

"Caroline said she saw you sitting on a bench reading a book."

Fuck! Liza had an army of friends, and they were worse than the KGB. I couldn't go anywhere without Liza finding out.

"Sure, I sat there for a while, I was waiting for Mike."

"Did you see him?"

"No, must have missed him. What's up with all the questions?"

She sipped her wine and then said, "Michelle came out after me, and I thought you were there to spy on her."

"Why would I do that?"

She smiled at me, and said, "Because you are a big clumsy Yugoslav with lesbian sex on your mind."

I grinned. "Yes, I am, but I am not stupid."

"I hope so because she is really cute and nice. I wouldn't want you to scare her away."

"I promise, let's eat, I am starving."

*****

"Honey, would you mind if I fucked your ass tonight?" I said while I watched Liza suck my cock.

We were in bed with just one bedside lamp on. I liked it that way since it was a huge turn-on for me to watch her.

Liza has extremely sexy lips and the way she sucked my cock is out of this world. She makes it really slippery with saliva and then keeps the head in her mouth while using her hands on the shaft. I am quite big, around nine inches and she has small hands. 

"Mm, why not, it has been a while," she said after freeing her mouth.

I leaned over the bed and looked for the lubricant we kept on my bedside table. I gave it to her and she poured a generous amount into her hand. Grabbing my cock she made sure every inch of it was lubricated before she straddled me.

"Remember baby, don't move until I tell you," she said when she was on top of me.

"Okay, I promise."

She grabbed my shaft and guided it to her anus and when she found it I felt how she began to lower herself. At first, nothing happened and I became a bit frustrated. It was hard to hold back but I knew I had to let her do it her way.

"Mm, there we go, yes, yes," she moaned and bit her lower lip.

My cock head slid in and I let go of a long sigh as well. She craned her neck backward and her nails dug into the skin of my chest.

"Oh, baby, you are so deep inside me now, so deep," she whispered and began to ride me.

Up and down, slowly and delicately she moved while her thighs pressed against my side. I put my hands on her hips and from there back to her ass cheeks which I squeezed.

"Mm, do it again," she said.

I did and she moaned a bit more while slowly increasing the speed of her riding. She kept my cock deep inside her and only slid up and down a few inches. I guess she was afraid I would slip out and then she would have to repeat the painful experience of my big cock head penetrating her.

While she rode me she opened up more and more and when she was ready she began to ride me harder and grounding her ass into my hips.

"Feels good, doesn't it, baby?" I asked.

"You have no idea; it is out of this world. I love to have you in my ass."

"Yeah, you like it that much?"

"Yeah, yeah, oh, I do, I do, now fuck my pussy."

She slid off me and lay down on her stomach. I rolled on top of her and used my legs to spread hers. My cock head wound her moist pussy lips and with some moving around I slid into her warm depth.

"Oh, you have the tightest pussy, baby," I whispered in her ear.

"I'm glad you like it."

"I don't like it, I love it."

Then I began to fuck her hard and deep. She preferred to be lying down instead of being on all four, and it just worked better for her.

"Oh, Dragan, I am there, come inside me, I want you to squirt your load inside my pussy."

Which I did, and when it was over we lay still while the post orgasmic bliss rolled over us.

"God, you are heavy, have you gained weight?" Liza said when we were back under the sheets.

"No, I don't think so."

"Okay, by the way, any more thoughts on how I should seduce Michelle?"

I thought for a minute and said, "I think you should become her new friend, but try to keep her away from the others."

"Mm, I will try," she said in a sleepy voice and a few minutes later she rolled onto her side and was asleep. I caressed her soft skin of her ass for a while until I drifted off.

*****

A few days later I was at home and in the kitchen. It was my turn to do the dishes, which I found very unfair since I had cooked the previous night. I had made the second dish I knew, Goulash. I know, it's Hungarian, but my grandmother was Hungarian, and she taught me how to do it.

I was looking out the window where rain was falling. It wasn't one of those downpours, more of a trickle, but it had been going on for hours. 

I small car stopped outside the house and Liza got out on the passenger side. Then Michelle opened the driver's side door and they both ran to our porch. A few seconds later I heard the key in the door. Liza had been fast, I thought.

"Babe, we have a visitor," she called from the hallway.

I dried my hands on a towel and prayed Michelle wouldn't recognize me from the few minutes we had spoken.

"Hi, nice to meet you I am Dragan," I said and took Michelle's hand.

"I am Michelle; it's nice to meet you. So you are the famous Dragan everyone is talking about?" she said and smiled.

I was confused. "Everyone?"

"Yeah, you are the guy who won the state championship two years in a row, aren't you or are there more handsome Yugoslavian giants at the university?"

I blushed and Liza came to my help. "Sure, it's him, but he doesn't like to talk about it."

Michelle looked up at me, she was shorter than I had remembered and barely reached my chest. "Have we met before?" she said.

"Uh, I don't think so."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, I am."

"Uhu-hu, strange, I could swear you were sitting outside the business school the other day and I asked you for directions."

I felt how Liza's eyes bore into me, but didn't look at her. Instead, I grinned at Michelle and said, "There is a Russian guy, almost as tall as me, it could have been him."

Michelle nodded her head slowly while still looking up at me. "Yeah, maybe, Russian, Yugoslav, so similar."

Not really, I thought but stayed quiet.

"So, who wants a cup of coffee?" said Liza and led the way to the kitchen.

Michelle took off her jacket on her way and then folded it over one of the chairs around our kitchen table.

"This is cozy," she said and looked around.

Liza was busy with the coffee machine so I pulled out a chair for our guest and one for me. "Please, have a seat."

She smiled at me and sat down. "What are you studying?" I said.

"Biology, at the moment, but I am not sure I like it."

"How old are you?"

"Nineteen, this is my first year."

"Well, when I was your age I changed my major three times, it's normal."

Liza laughed and said, "Yeah, first he wanted to be a fireman, then a policeman, and when he realized those two degrees weren't an option, he finally decided on finance as his major."

Michelle's eyes went wide. "Seriously, did you actually think you could study to be a fireman or a policeman here?"

I blushed, "yeah, I guess I did."

She clapped her hands together and squealed, "That is so cute."

Liza placed two cups in front of us and one for herself. Then she poured the hot black liquid and then placed sugar and milk on the table. I like my coffee black, and Liza prefers her with milk but no sugar. Michelle liked a lot of sugar and no milk.

When she saw that we were staring at her spooning sugar into her cup, she said, "Sorry, I have a bit of an addiction to sugar."

"So, how do you find the campus?" said Liza.

"It's cool and very big. I don't even think I have seen all of it yet. I am glad I met you because it has been hard to make new friends."

"What about your roommates?" I asked.

She scoffed. "Idiots, they are sorority sisters and have known each other for years. I think the combined IQ of the three of them is lower than my shoe size."

Liza and I both laughed and then Liza said, "I think you are right, they don't attract the smartest girls on campus."

"But the hot ones, "I said dreamily.

"Oh shut up, Dragan. We all know men are still living in caves and dragging the knuckles when they walk."

"What? I can't say some girls are pretty?"

Liza sighed. "Of course you can, look at Michelle here, she is very pretty. Don't you think so?"

When she uttered the last words she raised her eyebrows indicating I better agree with her.

"Yes, she is, you are I mean," I said to Michelle.

It was her turn to blush. "Thanks."

"Do you have a boyfriend back home?" said Liza.

"Not anymore, we split when I left to come here. He was admitted to another university."

"Did you love him?"

"Maybe, I don't know. We only dated for half a year, so I can't say I knew him well. He was good looking and not bad in bed," she said and giggled.

"Okay, that's my cue. I am leaving you to the girl talk. See you later, honey, I am going to the gym," I said and got up.

It was time to let Liza work her magic on Michelle, and I would only be in the way.

After grabbing my sports bag with my gym clothes I took my bicycle and rode the three miles to the gym in the rain. It felt good, and it gave me a chance to get rid of the hard on I had had since Michelle took off her jacket and I again laid my eyes on her large boobs.

******

When I came home two hours later Michelle's car was still parked outside. It had stopped raining and it was already dark. I saw lights in the kitchen window and when I walked through the door I heard the girls giggle further back in the house.

"Hi, I'm back!" I called out.

"In here, baby. I am showing Michelle some off the dresses Daddy bought me for my birthday."

Liza's parents we filthy rich and she, at twenty-five, was still spoiled by her parents, especially her dad.

When I walked into the living room Liza was sitting on the sofa and Michelle was standing on the low coffee table in front. She wore one of Liza's dresses; a white very short and tight thing that looked like it had been painted onto her skin when Liza wore it. On Michelle, it also looked good, but since she was shorter than Liza it reached much further down on her thigh.

"Wow, you look great," I said and sat down next to Liza.

Michelle slowly turned around while running her hands over the fabric. "This is amazing; I have never felt anything like it."

"It's yours, keep it," said Liza.

"No, I couldn't, it's brand new, look it still has the label on it."

"I agree with Liza, you should keep it," I said.

Michelle's face was just one big smile and then a small tear ran down her cheek. She wiped it off with the back of her hand. "Sorry, I get so emotional when I am happy."

Liza got up and I said, "Where are you going?"

"I just remembered something that my mother bought me, and I think it will fit Michelle perfectly."

Michelle looked at me and I shrugged my shoulders. I had no idea what it was.

When Liza came back a few minutes later she was carrying a box in her hand. The name on it told me it had cost a lot of money whatever was in it. She gave the box to Michelle who was still standing on the table.

"There you go, try them on."

Gently Michelle opened the box and when she saw what was inside it, she put a hand to her mouth, "oh my God, oh wow, this is too much."

"Please, try them," Liza repeated.

Michelle looked up at us, confusion on her face. "Now, in front of Dragan? I'll do it at home."

"No, no, I insist. You can use the bathroom to change in, but I want to see you in them."

Michelle thought for a second or so, and then got off the table and hurried to the bathroom clutching the box to her boobs.

"What did you give her?" I said.

"You will see, but please behave, no caveman outbursts, okay."

Michelle was gone for quite a while and I had time to open a bottle of white wine and find us three glasses. I didn't know if Michelle drank, but I hoped so.

When we had tried the wine the bathroom door opened and Michelle stuck her head out. "I don't know? I kind of feel stupid dressed like this."
