 This story is based on the experiences that I had in South Carolina several years ago 

*

The thirteen of us had bought a large house for our sabbats and other religious and nonreligious gatherings, although only the seven of us who had no children actually live there. We bought it in the South, so more often than not it was warm enough for us to hold our meetings out of doors under the night sky. We had a ten foot high wooden fence installed all around our property to blind prying eyes from observing our rituals, as well as a row of Aspens to shield any inquisitors who may be on the second floors of our neighbor's homes. We usually performed our rituals during the four phases of the moon as well as on the eight sabbats, of course. Tonight was especially electric, for it was the start of a new moon AND the start of Samhain…Hallowe'en to all you muggles. And I was to be the embodiment of our glorious Goddess Venus.

My husband and I were the last to arrive. The others were already having tea or coffee. We never had cake or snacks. They make you fat and it would be an insult to Venus to ask her to occupy a body that was not as beautiful as possible. We talked about the past week, about if our most important wishes for health and happiness for us, our family, friends and coworkers were being fulfilled. Elizabeth was having a difficult time conceiving, so most of our rituals were focused around her. Except of course when she was inhabited by The Goddess. It would be unseemly to ask Venus for personal help when you yourself were The Goddess. Unless, of course, if that help was for the entire coven. When our preritual meeting was finished, we changed into our robes and went into the backyard.

They followed me, two by two, and I led them all to the far end where the others had inscribed a large, fresh pentacle of soil on the newly mown grass. I stood on the altar while the others formed two lines, one line of six witches and one line of six warlocks, facing each other. The witch and warlock at the far end of the passageway opened up a large blanket and placed it on the ground. We all took a moment to clear our minds of any negativity, then I lit a small fire on the altar.

"You are here tonight to beseech the great goddess Venus to help your friend Elizabeth get pregnant?"

"Yes, our Goddess," they all replied. I disrobed and lightly moved my naked body around to the other side of the altar.

"Then you must show your Goddess your complete and unconditional love for her." They all disrobed and stood there naked under the starlit sky. I moved forward and stood between the first witch and warlock.

"My heart, soul and body belong to you, my Goddess," they both said.

"Show me your love and I shall reward your devotion." They both came towards me, gently pulled my hair back and slid their wet tongues into each of my ears. My ears became coated with their saliva as they wriggled and squirmed their tongues around. Starting with my lobes, they slowly began licking their way up to the top of my ear and down the curve to my cheek. Then they used the underside of their tongues and journeyed back the way they started. Both ears were hot and wet when the warlock moved behind me and the witch moved in front. He pushed his raging hard on down and it nested inside the crack of my firm, tight ass while he started to massage my shoulders. His strong, gentle hands softly kneaded the tension out of my body while the witch opened her mouth and moved closer. Our tongues battled playfully inside my mouth, then inside hers, while she fondled my body with her fingertips. Stroking my thighs and moving up my sides, she reached the sides of my tits and then went back down. Up and down my body she traveled until she pulled out of my mouth. She moved away and her fingers began to dance on my firm, flat tummy, up into the deep valley of my cleavage then encircling my generous, round tits until she squeezed my nipples hard, but not nearly as hard as my nipples were becoming. Clutching as much of my oversized tits as she could, she pulled me closer and began covering my face with kisses so tender and delicate they felt like rose petals drifting onto my cheeks.

After several minutes, they went back to their places and I moved onward. The next pair said "My heart, soul and body belong to you, my Goddess."

"Show me your love and I shall reward your devotion," I replied. They came forward and began kissing my shoulders. The warlock held my hair out of the way as he traversed across the back of my shoulders, sometimes kissing my flesh, sometimes brushing his tongue across and painting it with his saliva. Below I felt his throbbing member bouncing up and down against the small of my back in rhythm to his heartbeat. It's almost as if his cock was knocking on the door of my body hoping to get in, but it was to be denied access until after his Goddess was appeased. The witch kissed her way across the front of my shoulders in the opposite direction. She seized my heavy breasts, raising them up off my ribs. The cool night air quickly met the radiant sweat that was concealed in the undercleavage of my tits and sent a quick charge of electricity through my body. My tits were supposed to be attended to by a different worshipper, but I didn't deny my first devotee, and I wasn't going to deny this witch's enthusiasm for her Goddess's tits, either. Lingering at my throat, the little witch substituted sucking and biting for kisses. Her adoring kindness and tenderness were masked by the eagerness and passion she exhibited. I was always amazed at how her fervent zeal would never leave the slightest clue on a Goddess's neck.

Their exhibition of piety fulfilled, they moved back and I stepped forward. "My heart, soul and body belong to you, my Goddess," the third couple professed.

"Show me your love and I shall reward your devotion." Each attended to one of my hands and blessed the tips of each finger with a tender kiss before placing each finger in their mouths and slowly drawing it out, sucking each digit like a savory sweet lollipop and baptizing it in their saliva. Then their kisses began again, on my palm, down and up the full length of my arm until both limbs were satiated by their loyalty.

The next couple articulated their love for me and proceeded to demonstrate it on my front and back. Four lips, two tongues and twenty fingers were the medium employed by my devotees. The altar fire glistened off the perspiration on my back and the moonlight bounced off the beads of sweat that were rolling down my cleavage. Their cool tongues only further inflamed my already overheated flesh. The warlock held my hips firmly and dipped the tip of his tongue into the top of my ass crack, slowly snaking his way up my spine. Meanwhile, the little witch's tongue was probing my navel. Then, in expanding circles, she kissed her way around my navel and all over my tummy. When her soft lips had finished stimulating every square inch of my belly, she tried to slide her tongue up into my abundant cleavage. Her face desperately tried to squeeze in between my marvelous milk containers, but unable to separate that much flesh with just her tongue she gave up, grabbed my tits and heaved them apart. Her soft tongue now had ample room to bathe the valley of my bosom with saliva. She swabbed up and down before pulling back, releasing me and letting my tremendous tits crash together, causing the liquids between my milk jugs to splash onto the witch in front of me. She then proceeded to work her mouth magic on my rock hard but still flexible nipples. My pussy twitched as I felt her teeth begin to chew on my overestimated appendages. She guided one of her hands to my unattended tit and gently drifted her fingertips across it. The contrast of her fingers softly stimulating the goose bumps on one mammary while her other hand dug firmly into the flesh of the other with her teeth gnawing away at my nipple was too much. I sought out the swollen clit of my dripping pussy and quickly brought myself to orgasm. I choked back a few gasps but the others must have clearly seen my pelvis bucking and gyrating to satisfaction. After catching my breath, I lifted my little witch up and looked into her eyes. She knew she did very well and I knew she knew it too from the smirk on her face. I scooped up some of the cum dripping out of my pussy and placed it into her mouth. She gulped my goo down like it was the Elixir of Life. After cleaning my hand of every last drop, she looked at me with her big, soulful eyes and like an orphan in an X-rated Dickensian novel said "Please, Goddess, I want some more." I smiled at the manipulative little witch knowing that I would give her a lot more later, but for now, I instructed them both to go back to their places.

Soon the fifth pair was hard at work on my legs. I spread myself as wide as possible, but they still had to take turns lapping up the cum juice rolling down my inner thighs. Only one was able to lick at a time, but both were able to give me a massage. They rubbed and kneaded my calf muscles, my thighs, the backs of my legs. Even my knees and shins got some attention. No part of a Goddess's body is ever to be forgotten or ignored.

The last two devotees knelt down in front of and behind me. The warlock wasted no time covering my ass with kisses. A firm, soft pair of lips felt wonderful on my firm, soft pair of peaches. Soon he began biting into my peaches. Not hard enough to draw blood, but certainly hard enough to feel. Finally he spread my cheeks apart and pushed and shoved and wriggled his tongue all the way up into my asshole as far as it would go. Once in a while he'd pull out and tickle my wrinkled sphincter with the tip of his tongue then stuff it back it. All this time, the witch in front was focused on my cunt. She probed my pussy deeply, enthusiastically searching out any liquid orgasm that might have remained from my first climax. The intensity of her oral search was so exquisite, she brought my body to the brink of cumming in record time. Her snatch search was replaced by labia licking and soon I was within millimeters of going over. I grabbed her head and pulled it into my cunt. She knew I was ready. The witch firmly held my clit between her teeth and rapidly flicked the tip of her tongue up and down. She pushed me over the brink and I fell, almost literally. My legs quivered and my knees buckled a little. Fortunately, the warlock eating my ass helped to lift and steady me as my juices came gushing out into the waiting oral orifice of the worshipper in front of me. After a few moments of tongue cleaning, the pair stood up and went back to their places.

I looked at them all and said "You have served and serviced your Goddess well. I shall reward your devotion to the best of my abilities." I stepped onto the blanket and got down on my knees. The first witch and warlock who serviced me approached. She laid on her back in front of me with her legs spread apart as wide as they would go and he knelt down got behind me, firmly grabbing my hips. With a single, hard and fast thrust, he plunged his cock deep into my well lubricated opening. I let out a tiny, happy shriek and then I plunged into the witch's cunt hole as deep as my tongue would go. The moans of the witch were smothered by the sounds of my slurping pussy, which were drowned out by the slapping of the warlock's pelvis against my ass. I could feel my cheeks rippling from the force imparted by his pounding. His meat wand filled my sacred snatch to maximum capacity. Each thrust packed my cunt so tightly, any juices that remained deep inside my body were forced out and down my legs. I put one hand on my waist to feel the outline of his thick shaft as it pushed against my belly. His big, heavy balls smacked my clit every time he drove into me. His aching, raging hard on soon found relief as it shot its splendiferous sperm into my hot, wet cavity. His fluids sloshed out of my body and mixed with mine as they ran down my legs. He gently caressed my hips and ass a little in gratitude then allowed the next warlock access to my glorious hole. Each of the six pricks penetrated my pussy, pushing and pumping and humping my hole until a liter of liquid love leaked out, past my labia down the length of my legs. It wasn't long before the first warlock was back inside me, excited enough to be stiff and firm, but ball drained enough to insure that this fucking wouldn't be over in a few minutes.

As the last of the warlocks were finishing up their first time inside my snatch, the first piece of cunt candy in front of me was unloading her liquid onto my face. I happily lapped up the sticky mess on her body and she reluctantly got up when I'd finished. Each witch in turn laid down in front of me to get laid, and I was more than willing to reward my worshippers for, and with, a job well done. My belly was full of cunt juice and my cunt full of cock cream by the time the last two had finished, almost in sync. That rarely happens and it was a good omen. I rolled over and laid on the wet, sticky blanket and instructed the cum hungry witch who 'wanted more' to attend to me. After licking off the spooge that was left on my face, she started to munch my muffin. With her alternately sucking down the spunk and lapping at my labia, I had managed to cum for a ninth time that evening. Things could not have been more perfect. Three is a sacred enough number by itself, but when you have three threes, suffice to say that I think somebody is going to be pregnant soon.