 You fidget nervously in your seat as I steer us off the freeway. I don't usually make the plans, and I've always been horrible about keeping secrets. I think I've done well so far this time. "So where are we going?" You ask. 

"It's a surprise, like I said before," I chuckle. You've asked me at least five times since we left the house where we were going or what we were doing this evening, as if you expected I'll forget the surprise and blurt out the secret. Usually, this tactic works for you, but not this time. I've spent a lot of time planning this evening, making the arrangements, and I don't want to spoil the surprise. 

You look at me for a second before turning your face to look out the window, looking for landmarks that may give you any kind of indication as to where we're heading. I notice you tugging nervously at the hem of your skirt. It's shorter than you usually wear, but I insisted on it. I also picked out the simple white button-down blouse you're wearing. Nearly every aspect of this evening has been carefully orchestrated and planned by me. I feel a moment of pride that I've been able to pull it off up to this point, and then a flutter of butterflies fills my stomach as I think about what the rest of the evening's plans are.

We take a twisting route through the city, which is unavoidable considering the street layout in downtown Seattle. The neighborhood we end up in is not one you are familiar with. Even I was not familiar with it before I started making plans. The building we are heading for just happened to fit my needs better than any other venue I could find. Finally, I turn the car into a parking lot in front of a relatively plain looking building. You notice that the building has no windows in its front, and just a single door set in the center. There are several cars parked in the parking lot, but there is nobody in any of them. In fact, the lot is deserted. This is highly unusual for any kind of night spot in Seattle since the indoor smoking ban. Usually there'd be at least one or two people standing outside.

I park in an open spot directly in front of the door, turn the key off, and turn to look at you. "Are you ready?"

You laugh nervously, "How should I know? I don't even know what to be ready for." I smile, get out of the car, and walk around to open your door. As you step out of the car, you again tug at the hem of your skirt. Stepping up close behind you, I catch your wrist in my hand and hold it down against your side. 

"Do you trust me?" I whisper in your ear.

"Completely," you sigh as you lean back against me.

Without another word, I reach into my pocket and pull out the looped length of nylon cord I had secreted away. You jump a little when you feel it loop around your wrist, but don't resist as I reach and grab your other hand. Bringing them together behind your back, I quickly loop the other wrist and bind them together. I make the loops snug, but not uncomfortably tight, and leave a small lead of loose cord. I tug them experimentally to make sure of my knots before leaning in to whisper again.

"Are you ready then?" You nod, squirming a little against the cords to test them yourself, as if you want to make sure that you are securely bound and powerless. From my other pocket I produce a length of dark fabric that I bring up and wrap around your eyes, covering them from the tip of your nose to just above your eyebrows. I tie the blindfold snugly, but again not uncomfortably so.

Tied, blind, you are completely in my care and control. Carefully I urge you forward towards the door. You move obediently, without hesitation, trusting me to take care of you. 

As we walk in through the door, the first thing you sense is space. The room we enter feels big and open. The floor is slightly soft, covered from wall to wall in padding similar to the mats used for gymnastics. What you cannot see is that the room is actually a single large circle. There are no windows anywhere, and the only breaks in the smooth sweep of the wall are the door we just came in through and another door directly across from it.

You also cannot see that there are people standing silently along the smooth wall, all the way around the room, each one wearing a simple white mask obscuring most of their faces.

Completely unaware of our audience, you move to the center of the room with my guidance. I look around the room at all the people watching us, then gently push you and guide you down to your knees. You finally start to think you understand what's going on. The short skirt, buttoned blouse, bound wrists and blindfold. You think you know what is going to happen so you show no surprise when you hear my zipper purr and feel my flesh press against your lips. You simply open your mouth and accept me.

Swaying forward slightly you slide your lips down the length of my shaft, apply gentle suction, and slide back nearly to the tip before rocking forward again to take my cock deeper into your mouth. I reach out and gently stroke your cheek, your ear lobe, run my fingers through your dark hair. You begin to increase your pace slightly, soft whimpers escaping with nearly every stroke. Getting into it, letting go and enjoying it. In fact, you are so focused on attending to my hard dick that you are completely unaware that someone has approached you from behind. 

You gasp around my cock as a pair of arms wrap themselves around you from behind, but with only the slightest hesitation, you continue to work me as the mysterious hands begin unbuttoning your blouse. As your shirt slides back off your shoulders and falls away to drape around your bound wrists, the reason I insisted on the strapless bra become obvious. The bra is soon gone, and when you feel two soft, warm mounds press into the chilled skin of your back, you realize that the mysterious hands belong to a woman. One who is currently wearing nothing but a mask and matching white panties.

Your breath catches as her hands run up your sides and cup your breasts, lifting them, sliding her thumbs over your hardening nipples. You moan softly, but in the silence of the room, the sound carries. As if given a signal, people begin to move forward, approaching you singly or in pairs. Men and women alike take a few moments to stroke your skin, kneed your breasts, pinch and roll you nipples between their fingers. You feel lips fluttering soft kisses over your earlobe, then a firmer mouth briefly latching on and sucking your neck. Soft nibbles and moist kisses, hands stroking your skin, some large, hard and firm, some slight and soft, gentle. 

Your whole body sways as the sensations wash over you. Your breath is comes faster and more ragged, yet you never let my cock slip from your mouth. 

The same woman who liberated your breasts from your shirt reaches down, slipping her hands underneath your ass. She tugs at your skirt, drawing the hem up over your round ass to your hips. As she hooks her thumbs into the waistband of your panties, you lift yourself up, finally letting my cock slip from your mouth as your panties are pulled down to your knees. Spreading your legs apart slightly, you settle back down, opening your mouth to again accept my cock. It only takes you a moment to realize that the dick slipping past your lips is not, in fact, mine. Beyond caring at this point, you obligingly begin sucking this strange cock as somebody reaches around from behind you and presses their fingertip into the soft folds of your cunt, resting against the hard button of your clit.

I stand back to watch for a minute as she plays with your clit, eliciting gasps and moans from you, muffled as they are by the thick cock sliding in and out of your eager mouth. Hands continue to roam your body, playing with your tits and stroking your ass. Around us, those waiting for a chance to get near you have begun to pleasure themselves and each other. One woman has worked her way to your side where she stretches out, taking your hard nipple into her mouth, another is stroking your ass as she fingers her own clit. Amongst them all are men, stroking their cocks, waiting for their turn.

The man in front of you pulls back, his cock dropping from your mouth as he steps aside. Another steps in to take his place. Your hips continue to rock against the pressure being applied to your clit from an ever changing rotation of hands. Wading back in amongst the crowd, I reach down and untie your hands. Bringing your arms around in front of you, you brace your hands against the floor, lifting your ass into the air. Up on your hands and knees, there is now even more room for people to work their way in to touch you, tease you. One woman wiggles her way underneath you, her head coming to rest between your thighs. Her probing tongue finds your clit and begins to lick and gently suck as another person slips first one, and then two fingers into your wet, tight pussy. As the probing fingers find and then apply pressure to your g-spot, you are slammed by an orgasm that rips through your body. 

You shake and quiver, momentarily releasing the cock from your mouth and crying out. I wait a moment for you to recover, catch your breath. As another man steps up and presents his hardness to your lips, I move in behind you and press my own into your dripping wet pussy. I slide into you with long, slow, deliberate strokes. My hands slip around your hips and brace you, holding you somewhat still so that the woman beneath you can continue tonguing your clit as I fuck your tight cunt. I fuck you with increasing urgency, increasing in pace and force until you're once again crying out as wave after wave of pleasure ripples through you.

After you've cum again, I pull out and move aside to allow someone else access. A steady rotation has begun as people take turns, filling your mouth and pussy with thick hard cocks. Some of the women have even stepped in, laying in front of you and insistently pressing your blindfolded face down into their pussies. You obediently lick and suck their clits until one by one, they cum, shaking and moaning, leaving your lips and chin slick with their juices. And yet people still keep coming.

You have long since given up even trying to keep track. There's no possible way for you to know how many men have fucked you, how many different cocks you've sucked, even how many different cunts you've licked. An endless rotation of thick, hard cocks, soft, feminine skin, firm hands and gentle hands. You don't even care at this point. All that matters are the waves of pleasure that continue to build, bursting in bright explosions of sensation with each orgasm.

Stepping behind you again, I press my cock into your burning hot, dripping wet pussy. I slide in deep, but just for a few strokes. I withdraw my dick from your cunt, still shiny and slick from your juices. Shifting upwards slightly, I press the swollen head of my cock gently but firmly to your ass. With a deep moan you simultaneously relax and press backwards, slipping my cock into your tightest of holes nearly halfway with one thrust. Slowly I begin to rock, sinking in a little deeper with each forward motion until finally I sink in fully, my balls pressing against your soaking wet pussy lips as your ass stretches around my thick cock.

I begin pumping a bit faster, still giving you time to adjust to this new intrusion, but you insistently press yourself back onto me, relishing this new fullness, this pressure. As I slide into your ass, pumping repeatedly, a hand snakes around from underneath you and slips their fingers into your cunt. The stimulation is too much and you once again you explode in orgasm. I feel you clench hard, almost painfully around me as you cry out in pleasure. I pull out of your ass and let another man step in. His cock is slightly slimmer than mine, but also just a touch longer, adding a different dimension to the sensation as he fills your ass once again. 

This goes on for a while yet again as each man eagerly steps in to take a turn sampling yet another of your willing holes. Time after time your mouth, your pussy, your ass are invaded. Barely able to support yourself on your hands and knees at this point, you have ceased to move against the men fucking you and just hold still as they thrust into you from both directions. Sensing that you are near the point of exhaustion, I move into position.

Lying on my back, I position myself underneath you, my cock painfully hard and pointing upwards. Grabbing you around the hips, I guide you down, your pussy sliding easily down the full thick shaft of my erection. As you come to rest straddling me, I gently pull you down until your tits are pressed flat against my chest. Even blindfolded, you can tell that it's me beneath you, as I see you mouth the words "I love you." A moment later, you throw your head back and gasp, shaking, as you feel someone slip their cock into your ass, all the more tight with the addition of me sunk deeply into your pussy. You cry out louder than I've ever heard you as he begins to thrust, slipping slowly in and out of your clenching asshole. 

Waves of pleasure mixed with delicious spikes of pain wash over you as he settles into a rhythm. I lie perfectly still, keeping my cock buried to the hilt, letting his motion do all the work. You've never felt this fullness, this pressure, this friction as the thin wall between your cunt and your ass is pressed between two hot, thick, throbbing cocks. A third man takes position on his knees just above my head and you quickly duck down to suck his cock into your mouth. All around us we can hear people panting, moaning, crying out in pleasure as they stroke themselves and each other while watching the four way spectacle in the center of it all. 

You begin to convulse as you cum again and again, each orgasm flowing into and washing over the previous. You are breathless, exhausted, every nerve ending in your body alive and sending shockwaves throughout your flesh. Finally, you collapse onto my chest. You tremble as I put my arms around you and stroke your back. You whimper as the fullness is removed from your ass, sway as I sit you up and urge you back onto your knees. Pulling out of you, sliding away, I stand up in front of you. The room has gone mostly quiet, the only sounds being heavy breathing and a few whimpers and moans that come from various directions. 

All eyes, though, are on you. On your knees, you rock slightly. Dizzy, exhausted, you wait expectantly for direction, to be told what to do. Blindfolded as you are, you cannot see that I now stand in front of you, stroking my still hard cock. You seem to sense what is coming, or are too exhausted to react, as you don't even jump when the first jet of cum sprays from my cock, landing on your cheek. As wave after wave of pleasure sweeps over me, my twitching, quivering dick sprays hot, white cum. Before I've finished another man steps up next to me, rapidly stroking himself until he too begins shooting thick droplets of cum. It becomes a chain reaction as two or even three at a time step up and cum hard, adding warm sticky ropes of cum to those that already cling you your face, your tits, your belly. As the final man approaches and sprays you with sticky jets of thick cum, a final orgasm rips through you, shaking your whole body. A drop of cum, dislodged by your convulsions, runs down from your lips, down your chin, and drips down to join the puddle dripping off of your nipple.

Finally you collapse, lying flat on your back, breathing heavy and slightly erratically. So worn out that you barely managed to gasp and whimper as the women in the crowd surround you and begin licking you clean.