 I have every woman's dream job. I am a sports reporter, doing interviews in the locker room after the big games. Now being a woman in my sexual prime and a body I'm not ashamed of, I get plenty of stares while I'm doing my interviews, however, I do enough staring of my own. There is something about a sweaty well-hung man parading around a locker room, showing their bodies. Every time I finish an interview I have to go and change my panties because they are soaked with my own juices. 

One day in particular, I was feeling hornier than usual and had to interview the 5 star players of the game from that day. I knew as soon as I finished I would have to go home and pull out my reliable vibrator and work myself to multiple orgasms, thinking of those naked, sweaty, black bodies, with their huge cocks swinging back and forth like a thick vine. I walked into the locker room, wearing my usual uniform of short, tight skirt, black hose and high heels. Only this day under the blazer I wore, I had on a sheer top with a black silk bra underneath it, showing just a hint of my hard nipples. I saw the approving glances as I walked towards the young studs I had to interview. As my glance dropped further down, I noticed I was having an effect in other places also. 

As they walked around the locker room, I began asking them the questions I had earlier prepared. Most of them were your typical ones, such as how it felt to be a role model, what kind of exercise regimen they had, and things such as that. As it came close to the end of my interview I started to get a little flirtatious. I had noticed one sexy player staring at my legs the whole time, so I asked him if he ever dated the cheerleaders. He asked me if I was going to put his answer in the paper and I replied only if he wanted me to. He didn't want anyone to know he would only date white women. He then went on to say how much he loved to fuck them, how good he thought his dark skin looked slamming into the creamy white skin. 

I felt myself getting turned on and decided to be bold in my upcoming questions. I asked him what turned him on in bed. I was surprised at his answer that came so quickly. He said he'd rather show me than tell me and asked the other 4 guys in the room if they wanted to help. They all quickly agreed and 5 well-hung black studs soon surrounded me. It was as if I was in a fantasy world. I felt my skirt being pulled down along with my hose, while someone else was pulling at my top trying to get it off quickly. Within seconds I stood before them completely nude. 

One of them asked me if I had ever been with a black man before and I honestly answered that I had not, but had always dreamed about it. He said I was in for a treat then since I was going to get all 5 of them fucking me every which way they could. I was pushed to my knees and quickly had a dick placed at my lips. I didn't know how I was going to fit that into my mouth, but I knew I was going to do my best. It was one of the hugest cocks I had ever seen in my life and I was about to suck it deeply into my mouth and throat. As I took him into my mouth, I felt two more semi hard dicks in each of my hands, ready to have me stroke them to hardness. 

Soon all 5 were hard and ready to fuck me so I assumed the position so to speak. Since I was already on my knees, I just leaned over enough to have one of the hard dicks crammed into my dripping wet cunt. It didn't take long for me to have one in my mouth, one in each hand and one in my pussy. There was still one guy standing off to himself jacking off. As I glanced at him, I realized he had the largest cock of them all. Hanging flaccid at an impressive 13 inches at least, and as big around as my upper arm. I wondered how I would handle him when it came his turn. The dick in my pussy was pounding harder and harder and I could feel an orgasm working its way up. As I started to cum all over his hard dick, I started sucking harder and squeezing the dicks in my hand a little harder than I was. The guys must have enjoyed this b/c the same time I screamed with my orgasm, I felt hot jism all over my arms and squirting down my throat. 

I was still screaming with one of the most intense orgasms I had ever experienced in my life when the dick in my throbbing pussy stopped moving. I cried out a little with that loss, however, I was then placed on top of the guy pounding my pussy. He rammed his stiff rod back into me again and I cried out with pleasure. After a few more long strokes by him, I saw Mr. 13 inches moving towards me. I felt him press his hard shaft against my asshole. He slowly started to press deep into my ass. The pressure I felt was unreal; the feeling of a cock in both my pussy and ass, especially two so large. They found a rhythm and started moving in and out of me, the sensations building up to a massive orgasm. They both came at the same time and it wasn't long till I was again filled in both holes. This all went on for nearly an hour and I was completely exhausted from the fuckings I had. 

Soon it was getting to be time for me to leave, but I was told I couldn't leave just yet. They had one more surprise in store for me. The girlfriend of one of them was going to be there in just a few moments and they all wanted to see the two of us get it on with each other. I was nervous yet excited at the prospect of this. I had never been with a woman before, but was very curious about it. 

We didn't have to wait very long for her to arrive. As she entered the locker room, she saw my state of undress, covered in sticky cum and the nakedness of the guys around me. Her boyfriend then spoke up and told her what he wanted us to do. At first she was a little hesitant, but she quickly gave in. She stripped her clothes off as fast as she could and we decided seeing as how sticky I was, to take a shower with each other first. We walked to the showers, turned on the water and started soaping up one another's bodies. The feel of another woman's hands cupping my breasts, soaping my pussy was causing me to build up to another orgasm and all she was doing was touching me! I slowly started soaping up her body as she was mine and was amazed at how responsive she was to my touch. With each movement of my hand, she would give a little moan of pleasure. 

We then rinsed the soap of our bodies and she moved down my body kicking my legs apart. Her hand ran up my inner thigh and slowly parted my pussy lips. She teased around my clit, running her long fingernail over it and gently scratching at it. She continued this torture for a few minutes longer before sliding one of her fingers up inside me. As she did this, her mouth moved to my clit and she starting nibbling and sucking on it. I could feel it starting to swell; as if it were going to burst right off my body. The feeling of her finger moving inside me and her sucking and biting on my clit brought me to yet another powerful orgasm. I didn't know the last time I had cum so many times in just a short amount of time. After I had my orgasm she laid down with the water from the shower (which was now turning cold) still pouring down over her and pulled me down to her. I was nervous as I began to touch her awaiting pussy. It didn't take long, however, for me to lose that nervousness and start fingering her as she had me. I got a little more adventurous though. As I lowered my mouth to her pussy, I took my well-lubricated finger and inserted it in her ass as I sucked on her wet cunt. It tasted so sweet and I drank of her as if I couldn't get enough. She was screaming as she creamed my face with her juices. 

Soon however, I had to go so I could get my story filed, but I was looking forward to the next time I had to interview these guys again. As I was leaving the one guy and his girlfriend invited me to their place for a party the next night with the hint that my experience on this night would be repeated again the following night. I had an experience that night that I had never had before, but one I was going to repeat every chance I got.