 (My apologies for the delay in finishing Chapter 3. Life got in the way for a bit, including having to deal with a flooded basement. There will be one more chapter after this, although these characters may return in future stories. Thank you again for your support and feedback!)

---

Kyrie's mouth engulfed his length, and the sensations that rushed through him were exactly like what she'd done to him in their shared dream. Harris stared down at his new lover in disbelief as she knelt before his comfortable seat on her couch. "Mother of God, that's intense! How are you doing that?"

She let his length drop from her hips, and smiled up at him as she squeezed around the base of him. "It's my 'secret technique', but you can thank my college roommate for teaching it to me." She made a show of sliding her tongue up and down the underside of his straining erection. "You deserve the best I've got, Harris. And I want you to cum hard down my throat."

He reached out to caress her hair, his fingertips trailing along the length of her single braid. "Guys like me," he said as his free hand gestured to his out-of-shape body, "don't usually hear that from beautiful women like you. Not that I'm... mmm... taking my luck for granted for a second."

Kyrie took him in her mouth again, but as she did so, she reached up with both hands and caressed down the front of his shirt-clad body, from his chest down to his waist. When both hands reached his groin for a two-handed stroke, she came up for air again. "I don't want some muscle-obsessed gym-junkie anymore, Harris." She kissed his large belly, and then briefly sucked at the glistening tip of his rod before looked back up into his eyes. "Been there, learned that lesson. All they want is trophy pussy to go with their six-pack abs, to show everyone how manly they are." Very carefully, she cupped his balls in her hand, and licked them all over. 

Harris took slow breaths, trying not to let the pure pleasure he was feeling cause him to burst too soon. "You're not going to have that problem with me, beautiful." 

"I know that, Harris." She laid a trail of kisses across one thigh as she stroked him. "When I first saw you, all I could think about is how much of a sweet warm teddy bear you were, and how much I wanted to feel your big body on top of me, around me..." She engulfed him anew, using that same mysterious trick again as she deepthroated him and buried her nose in his pubic hair. A moment later, she came up for air again, her voice getting deeper and quivering with lust as her gaze burned into his. "...and inside me." She held that eye contact as her skilled hands continued stroking and caressing his shaft, his balls, his body. "I hope you don't mind me thinking of you like that?"

"I'm glad to be your teddy bear, Kyrie. I've never wanted anyone as much as I want you." He caressed her cheek, and she leaned into his hand with another warm smile on her lips. 

Her tongue slid from his root to his tip. "I can't wait to taste you, to feel you throb and gush in my mouth." She give his tip a dainty little kiss, and then looked back up at him, running her palm in a slow caress down his chest. "While I've got my mouth full, I want you to tell me about what you want to do to me afterwards. Or better yet," she grinned, and reached under his black shirt to give one of his nipples a light pinch. "Did you touch yourself this morning, after you woke up? Because I sure did, thinking about that amazing dream of ours."

"God, yes. I came so hard, thinking about this amazing new fantasy girl I'd dreamed up." He flashed her a wink, and she giggled in response. "She tasted so good when I licked her into a screaming river of joy." 

Kyrie grinned. "And you're going to stick your tongue in her again soon, I hope?"

Harris could only nod, licking his lips at the thought.

"So how about this." She kissed the back of his hand, still gently working up and down his length with her gentle grip. "Tell me about what you imagined about me, when you were stroking it this morning. Tell me how you fucked me in your fantasy, because before you leave this apartment, you're going to do it for real." 

"Well, it all started when you dragged me away from the sofa and onto a proper bed — oh GOD." Kyrie had taken her cue to resume blowing him, and it took Harris a moment to regain a semblance of coherent thought. "Mmm. I imagined you crawling across a thick quilt, your ass raised in the air..."

**THUMP THUMP THUMP!** The door to Kyrie's apartment shook with a sudden loud pounding, and a voice outside rang out. "Kyrie? KYRIE? It's Donna! Are you in there? Are you safe?"

Harris turned his head to look at the door, and then back to Kyrie, a confused expression on his face. Kyrie let his length drop from her mouth, rolling her eyes in the direction of the door. "My best friend," she mouthed silently, and held one finger to her lips. She quietly mouthed, "Maybe she'll just go away", and then promptly took him back into her mouth. 

"KYRIE! I NEED TO KNOW YOU'RE ALRIGHT!" Before either of the young lovers could react, the apartment door suddenly flew open. A tall woman burst in, a keychain in one hand, and a slender wooden baton upraised in the other. She had pale caucasian skin with a head of long and thick wavy black hair, and wore a thick green sweater with black yoga pants. "Kyrie! You didn't answer my text, but I heard a man's voice... oh boy."

Harris and Kyrie had both frozen in place at the sudden entrance, Harris craning his neck to look behind and see this new woman, but otherwise completely unsure of how to respond. 

The intruder had stepped over to the sofa, stick held ready to strike, but froze when she realized what she'd just walked in on. Her eyes went wide as she witnessed Kyrie's mouth pause halfway down this new man's erection. "Whoa. Uh, hi?"

Kyrie started up again, making a point of bobbing her head a few times as Donna watched in silent surprise, before letting him fall from her mouth again so she could speak. "Yes, Donna? Did you need something?"

"Um. Wow." Donna paused another moment to take in the scene, staring at the erection held in Kyrie's graceful hands. "We saw you get into that stranger's car, and when I texted you to make sure you were okay, you didn't respond. So, I, uh, came by to check." She held up the keychain. "When I heard a man's voice inside, I used the spare key you gave me for Buster-sitting." She looked back to her friend, a nervous smile on her face. 

Kyrie shook her head in exasperation, and took two short bobs on Harris's length for good measure. "You heard his voice," she said with careful enunciation, "because he was about to share a hot fantasy with me while I SUCKED HIS COCK. Donna." She flashed Harris a look of bemusement as she gripped him, and he could only shrug in response. "You're standing there with my front door open, so either get out and close the door behind you, or close the door and have a seat. I'm not going anywhere until I've given my new man the blow job of a lifetime."

Donna didn't register what Kyrie was saying, but she lowered the weapon she'd been brandishing. "I mean, I guess you've got everything in hand here — pun unintended. Goddamnit, you get all the cute ones falling into your lap without even trying, and I've been..."

"DONNA." Kyrie's voice cut through Donna's ramble like a bullet through tissue paper. "In. Or. Out. Either way, shut the damn door, it's fucking cold out there."

The taller woman blinked, and reached out behind her to close the door. "Sorry, spaced out there." She walked around the back of the sofa, and then came around to sit down on it, about three feet away from where Harris was receiving Kyrie's oral affections, which the small blond had resumed during Donna's walk. Donna gripped the baton in both hands in her lap, clearly trying not to fidget as she stared at the blowjob in progress. "...Can I stay?" Her voice was very quiet now, her shoulders slumping.

Kyrie looked up once more, addressing her new lover. "I dunno, Harris. Ever had an audience before?"

He scratched at the back of his head, a sheepish half-smile on his lips. "Actually, yeah. Once. Sorority party, my college freshman year. One of the pledges had to 'fuck a nerd' in front of everyone to get in. I was the nerd she picked out for the purpose."

Donna gasped. "That's so cruel! Using you like that!"

Kyrie nodded. "What Donna said. She never spoke to you after that, did she."

"Not even so much as a hello." Harris tucked an errant strand of Kyrie's hair behind her ear. "The sex was great, but... yeah, I didn't feel good about it afterwards."

"I should go. I don't want to make this weird for you." Donna started to stand up, but Harris stopped her by holding up one hand.

"No, stay. Sure, that girl back then was a bitch — but getting it on with an audience was seriously hot." Harris looked back down to Kyrie. "Sound like fun?"

Kyrie nodded and gave an affirming "mmm-hmm", not willing to relinquish her warm mouthful of his length at that moment.

"Besides," Harris continued with a chuckle in his voice. "Any woman who comes armed with an Escrima stick and calls me 'cute' right out of the gate is probably an interesting lady I'd like to be friends with."

Donna sat back down, matching Harris's gentle laugh with her own. "You know what Escrima is?"

"Yup. Filipino stick-fighting. One of my nerd-doms is martial arts, and Dan Inosanto, an Escrima master, was one of Bruce Lee's closest... OHHHHH!"

Kyrie looked up from the deepthroating she'd just given him. "Donna can tell you all about her awesome Filipino step-dad later, Harris. Right now, you just need to relax, enjoy yourself, and cum hard for me." Without further ado, she dove right back in, one hand gently tickling under his balls while the other kept hold of his shaft.

"Won't be long, at that rate. God bless, beautiful, that feels good." Harris stole another glance in Donna's direction, whose cheeks were definitely getting flushed. "Enjoying the show so far?"

"Goddamn, yes." Donna swallowed, her eyes glued to Harris's lap. "I haven't gotten any action in over a year, so I'll just be over here living vicariously through you two."

"You're kidding." Harris didn't try to hide his roving gaze. "A woman like you? I'd have asked you out in a heartbeat, if I wasn't, ahh, previously claimed. Great curves, gorgeous dark hair, great eyes..."

"...Great rack, too." Kyrie interrupted. "If I had Donna's boobs, you'd be getting a tit-fuck right now."

Donna wrapped an arm across her chest. "I'm a gym instructor. I should be skinny, like you, but I can't even pull that off."

"NO." Kyrie sat up, and pointed right at Donna. "That's Ernesto talking, not you, and he's a cheating rotten gaslighting goatfucker who does NOT get to poison your head anymore. We've talked about this." She let out a long breath. "Sorry about that, Harris. Don't worry, I'll take care of you."

"Trust me, I'm fine with this, Kyrie." Harris leaned forward and gave her a brief kiss. "We've got all the time in the world."

"All the same," Kyrie stood up and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her skintight yoga pants, shimmying them down her legs. "We both should've been naked a looooong time ago. Take that shirt off for me, teddy bear." 

Harris eagerly complied, enjoying the show as Kyrie then removed the simple thong she was wearing, leaving them both completely naked. "Like what you see?"

The tiny blond nodded, running both hands through his thick chest hair. "Every inch of you, sexy man." She knelt down again, and breathed hotly against his tip. "Every... inch." She paused, and then looked up to the side at where Donna was sitting. "Hey Donna? If you're going to stay and watch, you have to be naked too."

"...I do?" As Donna's blush grew bright red, Harris took another look at his "audience". Long legs encased in the same black yoga pants that Kyrie had been wearing, and that large green sweater could only hide so much of what was clearly a voluptuous figure.

"You do. My apartment, my interrupted blow job, my rules." She gave Harris a quick lick. "Give my man a nice view so he can come faster for me — and besides, now you'll be able to diddle yourself without those yoga pants in the way. I know you're aching to, Miss Thirsty. Stand up and strip... but do it slow. Give us a show. You owe me that, for barging in on us."

The raven-haired woman stood up, and slowly lifted her sweater up over her head and then casting it aside, revealing a black and gold sports bra to match her friend's. Her bosom was indeed lush and full, and Harris felt himself stiffen even further at the thought that he was about to see this beautiful woman in the nude. "L-like this?"

"Exactly like that, Donna. Isn't she hot, Harris?"

Harris nodded, holding Donna's gaze as he gave her a very appreciative smile. "Smoking hot. Second sexiest woman I've ever met."

Kyrie giggled. "Good answer. Donna? Turn around and bend over as you take off those pants and panties. I want to see if you're getting as wet as I think you are."

"I can't believe I'm doing this. I didn't let Ernesto see my pussy for four months after we started dating..." But turn around and bend over she did. As she pulled down the pants and underwear at the same time, her full lips protruded out between her thighs for Harris and Kyrie to see, the dark curls around it carefully trimmed down to a thin layer of soft hair. As Kyrie predicted, she was indeed already dripping wet, her folds glistening in the afternoon sunlight through the windows. Even after she stepped out of her pants, she stayed bent over, pushing her backside and uncovered womanhood out towards the pair. "How about this? Is this okay?"

"More than okay, Donna. Hold that pose, Harris is getting even harder just looking at you." She scrambled up onto Harris's lap, sitting side-saddle on his thigh and whispering urgently into his ear. "Look at those wet lips. I bet you want to slide right inside her. I would, if I had a cock."

"You're the one I want, Kyrie," he whispered back, "...but yes, otherwise, I'd be reaching for a condom right now." He reached down between Kyrie's legs, and gently tested her opening with a fingertip, finding her just as wet as Donna looked. When she purred at that touch, he pressed forward and slid that finger in deep, surprised at how tight she was. 

"Oh fuck... Donna, come look, he's fingering me, his finger's so warm. Deeper, Harris, yessssss..." 

At Kyrie's exclamation, Donna obediently stood up and turned to watch, stepping closer until she stood right before the pair on the couch, wearing nothing but her straining sports bra. "Looks like... fun." Biting her lip, she grabbed the hem of that bra and pulled it up over her head, her large breasts bouncing as they spilled down out of their spandex prison. 

Kyrie nodded and spread her legs wide in Harris's lap, so that Donna could see everything, her flushed pink wetness stretched open around the second finger that Harris had just added. "Donna, look at how wet he makes me. He's so good." She shivered, and let out a small whimper of lust. "Harris, I was supposed to make YOU come first. I really want to suck you off, but your fingers are so nice." She reluctantly pushed his hand away, and slid back down to the floor. "You're going to do that again for me later."

"Looking forward to it, Kyri—NNnngh. That is so good, dear lord." Harris leaned back, closing his eyes for a moment to savor Kyrie's eager tongue. He felt the sofa shift a little, guessing that Donna had just sat down next to him, and he opened his eyes to look at her. "We haven't been properly... mmmm... introduced." He held out one hand. "Harris Kaminski."

"Donna Fitzpatrick. Kyrie's my best friend." She took hold of his wrist, and without warning, took the two fingers that had been in Kyrie into her mouth, bobbing her head back and forth as if she was fellating him.

Harris almost couldn't believe this moment was real. The most beautiful woman he'd ever met was hungrily between his legs, desperately trying to suck him to orgasm, and her close-second beauty and best friend was sitting naked next to him, licking his fingers. "No dream could ever be this good," he murmured.

Donna relinquished his fingers, but kept hold of his hand. "Kyrie?" Donna's voice dropped into a low husky whisper. "I promise I'll be good. I promise I won't try to poach him from you. Please tell me it's okay for your boyfriend to fuck me blind tonight. Please. Pleeeease. I need it so bad."

Kyrie sat up again, a devilish grin on her face. "Harris, if you'd like to fuck Donna, I'll give you a pass. Would you like to feel that wet pussy of hers around this cock?" 

Donna took his hand and pressed it onto one of her breasts, and Harris obligingly gave it a gentle squeeze, which pulled a low moan from Donna's lips. As his thumb massaged Donna's engorged nipple, he looked down into Kyrie's eyes. "I want you first. I'd love to have some playtime with Donna here, but I'm absolutely yours."

Kyrie grinned as she started stroking Harris again. "That's what I want too. Donna, if you promise not to get greedy, you can have a little taste of my new boyfriend now and then, when I'm around to watch." She reached out and gave Donna's lush backside a playful smack. "Put those beautiful boobs in his face, I bet that'll help him cum real hard for me." Without further ado, she swallowed Harris anew, immediately deep-throating him and using every trick in her oral arsenal.

When Donna leaned in close, Harris put an arm around her and pulled her in tight, their lips meeting for their first kiss. Her lips were gentle against his, the kiss almost platonic as she pressed her soft body against his side, his hand still caressing one breast. "Be kind to me, Harris," she said. He obliged by releasing her bosom, and reaching down between her legs to touch her wet folds for the first time. She squealed in surprise and delight, pushing her breasts into his face and eagerly riding his hand. 

Kyrie's mouth was far from idle while this was going on, her hands squeezing and caressing him as she engulfed his entire length again and again. After another minute of her pleasures below combined with Donna's soft embrace above, Harris couldn't hold back further if he tried. "Kyrie... Donna... getting close... fuckfuckfuckfuckOH!" The world seemed to blink, spots flickering across his vision as the long-delayed climax finally erupted. He'd never climaxed this hard in his life, and as the rush of pleasure hit him like an out-of-control bullet train, he wondered for a moment if he'd ever experience a high like this ever again. His head fell back, and his eyes could only manage a blurry stare at Kyrie's ceiling as he took slow, deep breaths.

"Let's give him a minute, Donna." There was a satisfied smile in Kyrie's voice, and her hands were caressing his thighs. "Did I spy you sucking on his fingers back there?"

Donna's voice was taking on a low and husky growl, her earlier uncertainty eroding away. "I... I wanted to know what you tasted like. And I needed to feel him in my mouth right then. Two birds, one stone."

"Do tell." There was a long beat of silence, and Harris could feel Donna move off the sofa. "Did you like that taste?"

"...Yeah. I really did. I... I can't believe I'm saying this. I love to shove a dildo inside me, and then lick it clean. I love my own taste, and yours was just as good. Sweeter, though."

"Get another taste then." Harris couldn't believe what he was hearing, and looked back down to see Donna kneeling next to Kyrie, reaching down between the smaller woman's thighs. "Harris, look. Your soon-to-be fuckbuddy is fingering me."

Donna took a few moments to work her fingers deep inside Kyrie's wetness, and then came away with a very drenched hand — which she then used to take hold of the lowered rod between Harris' legs. "Let's see how the two of you taste together. Scoot over, Kyrie." At the touch of Donna's hand, Harris could feel his length stir again, if slowly. 
