 === DAY THREE === 

The next morning I woke surprisingly early, at around eight o'clock, and when I stirred the women sleeping on either side of me did as well. They both moved closer into my arms, snuggling their naked bodies against me. For probably about ten minutes, I lay there awake with Trina and Katiana sleeping soundly and peacefully beside me.

Trina's eyes fluttered open first, and she smiled at me upon awakening. "Mmm... good morning, lover," she whispered. "Did you sleep all right?"

"Better than I have in a long time," I answered.

"Great. Want to fuck?"

I coughed slightly. "I don't know what kind of Superman you think I am. How many dozen times have I come in the last two days, anyway? I've already lost track."

She nodded and sighed. "Yes, I know. I'm just so horny around you, and I so get off on having another woman."

As if on cue, Katiana arched her back and stretched herself awake. "Oooh... what a wonderful way to spend the night. How about a morning kiss?"

I took her up on it, and so did Trina. It was perhaps the most arousing wake-up call I'd ever had, and filled my mind with images from the night before. My well-used cock actually began to stiffen as I felt the rush of lust again.

"He's getting hard, Trina," Katiana whispered as we all rubbed lips together. I felt her hand stroke up and down my member, and then a second hand joined hers.

"Do you think he would let us lick his hard cock?" Trina asked.

"Let's find out."

"Okay."

The two women slid down my body and kissed again, this time with the head of my member between them. I didn't think I'd be able to come for them again, but it still felt good to have their warm and wet tongues caressing me. I loved that Trina seemed to always want more, that she was always ready and horny and sexy. I was past the point of caring whether she really wanted me on some level or if it was all for the money; whatever the reason, she wanted sex, and that fired me up no matter how exhausted I was.

The sensation of two women servicing my rod was new to me, exciting both in the physical feel and the very idea that they were both essentially bowing down to me and offering me pleasure. I don't have a power fetish, but I think the idea of women assuming such a submissive, obedient role is appealing to any man on the basest level.

Not just lips and tongues but tits came into play as Katiana squeezed her D-cups around my manhood and slid gently up and down, while Trina used a fingertip dripping wet with saliva to softly massage the very tip of my cock. As they pleased me they also caressed each other with hands and tongues, and soon - much to my own surprise - I felt the build-up to climax.

"I'm going to come," I warned Katiana, who had wrapped her lips around me once more.

In response, Katiana did not pull away but instead sucked me deeper into her mouth, looking up at me with hungry eyes that seemed to beg me for my cream. Trina, who had been licking and tickling Katiana's earlobe with her tongue, looked up at me as well. "Go on, give it to her," she whispered. "She wants it so bad..."

I let my come shoot into her mouth, and saw her swallow it all and lick me clean before giving a taste of what remained on her lips to the pretty woman next to her.

* * * * *

We shared a brief shower after our little morning delight. I was amazed when I rose from bed at how limber and energized I felt, despite having sexually exhausted myself. Katiana's rubdown had really done wonders for me, both the full treatment from the night before and her more specific massage the morning after. She kissed me and Trina enthusiastically when it was time for her to go.

"Remember me in your fantasies," she said in parting.

Trina turned to me. "You know, technically it's my break time, but if you want to get breakfast together I'd be up for it. Cool?"

"Sounds great," I said. "Let's head down."

"Excellent! I do need to be at the staff meeting at ten o'clock, but that's enough time for us to eat."

A few minutes later, we sat on the patio together, enjoying shrimp cocktail and mimosa. "Trina, the past couple of days have been pretty incredible," I said. "It's almost too much to absorb all at once. I mean, I knew this place was going to be great, but I never expected to find the natives so friendly, so to speak. I think I've had a dozen orgasms since I got here."

Trina smiled. "I'm glad you're having a good time. I am too. Remember, I really enjoy my work. So do most of the girls here. I like giving men pleasure. I like you because you really appreciate it - I can tell."

I nodded. "I feel like all my life I've been sexually frustrated, and now at last I'm getting what I need. I just hope I can adjust back again when the time comes to leave."

"Oh, I think that by then you really will be exhausted," Trina winked. "And remember, you can come back someday."

"Not likely. It was quite a fortuitous series of events that made it possible even one time. I think this will be my only trip, as much as I might like otherwise."

"Well, I'm going to miss you, lover," she pouted. "But let's not talk about something that's still days away. We have so much time still to spend together. What should we do today?"

I thought for a moment. "You know, this is going to sound awful, but... I think I need some alone time. Recharge the batteries, as it were. I'm not the kind of guy who can constantly party and socialize; I need solitude from time to time. I don't want to offend you or anything, Trina, because you've been really terrific -"

"Oh, don't worry about it!" Trina said brightly. "Really, I don't mind at all. This is your vacation, Xavier. You need to do whatever you want. Don't worry about me, I'll be totally cool."

"You're sure you don't mind?"

"Truly. I want you to be happy. If spending an afternoon by yourself is what does that, then by all means, enjoy your own company."

"For once, that's something I don't have to do," I pointed out.

Trina giggled.

"So, what do you think you'll do with your day, now that it's suddenly free?" I asked.

She shrugged. "Probably just relax by the pool. Maybe lie out on the beach, whatever suits my fancy."

"Come on, Trina, I'm sure you get all the time you want for that sort of thing. I think you just want to make sure you're here in case I change my mind about wanting to be alone."

"It's my job," she admitted.

"Okay. How would it be if I went to Samantha and told her that nothing would make me happier than to see you take the entire afternoon off and do whatever you please? I don't want you to get in trouble with your boss, but I really wouldn't be able to relax knowing that you're hanging around here just in case I need you at my beck and call. Really, I'd be much more relaxed knowing that you're doing something you enjoy."

Trina smiled genuinely at me. "You're a terrific guy, you know that? Well then, to be honest, I'd kind of like to go do some shopping in town."

I smiled back, and pulled out my wallet, extracting a hundred-dollar bill. "Here," I said. "Get yourself something nice."

"I thought you didn't want to deal with money," Trina grinned. "Not that I'm complaining, mind you."

"Well, that's true, but this is more of a gift than a tip. Tips are for services rendered; this is just because you're a sweet girl, and I like you."

"Damn, I'm glad I seduced you. You're a hell of a catch."

"Oh, in that case, here's another fifty. Pick out something you can use to seduce me further."

She laughed, and took the fifty as well.

* * * * *

After squaring things with Samantha and assuring her that it was my wish to give Trina the afternoon to herself (and to give Katiana an extra hundred bucks as thanks for her exquisite massage), I went back up to my room to stretch out for a while and relax.

For a while, I enjoyed the tranquil breeze coming in through the open door of the balcony, and the distant sound of the waves, but around noon my solitude was interrupted by the raucous sound of laughing and splashing from outside. I looked out to see what was going on, and saw three of my fellow guests and about five escort girls, all topless, enjoying a game of volleyball in the pool. Well, that pretty much killed any chance of getting some rest in my room. Not that I was upset, of course - under other circumstances, I would have happily joined in, but I just wasn't in the mood.

The odd thing was, I had thought I wanted to be alone, but that wasn't working for me. It wasn't that I wanted Trina back, either. I pondered for a moment before I came to the understanding that what I really wanted was my wife. I wished that she could be with me, enjoying the experience as I did – impossible as that may be.

I picked up the phone and dialed my home number. After three rings, the voicemail picked up, gave its generic greeting, and beeped at me.

"Hey, Michelle, it's me," I said. "Just leaving a message in case you check them. I wanted to let you know that I miss you, but I think it's great that you're having fun with your friends. Maybe we can, I don't know, take a vacation together sometime soon. I'd really like to be able to be alone with you in a romantic place for a week.

"I'll be checking messages myself, so leave me one if you can. I love you."

I hung up the phone and sighed. I thought about how, given the choice, I would far rather have had my wife with me than all the women in the resort, if only she would show me physical love. I wished it were enough that we loved each other in mind and spirit, but it wasn't. Over time, it had become painfully clear that my needs for emotional and physical contact would have to be divided. My wife, it seemed, just couldn't give my body what it needed, and I knew I would never feel emotionally about another woman the way I did about my Michelle.

I felt a surge of anger. Why did she torture me like this? Why did she drive me to such things as spending a clandestine week at a glamorized whorehouse, fucking my brains out on pussy for hire?

Was it my fault? Was there something I wasn't giving her? Was I just too damn horny for my own good?

I couldn't figure what it was, but I knew I had to find out someday soon, or I would either go mad or inevitably get caught cheating. And then I would lose her completely.

I grabbed up a towel and sunglasses and left my room, taking the elevator down to the lobby, and approached Samantha behind the desk.

"Hello Xavier, what can I do for you?" she asked brightly.

"Is there someplace where I can go to be alone?" I asked. "Preferably by the shore, away from everyone. The party's a little loud outside, and it's getting hard to relax in my room. Not that I'm complaining," I hastened to add, “I definitely don’t want to rain on the parade.”

"Of course, Xavier. There's a nice, secluded spot on the rocks just below Cabana one. I'll make sure everyone knows that you'll be using it for the next three hours. Are you quite certain you wouldn't like a companion to accompany you?"

"I appreciate it, but I really am in the mood to be alone," I assured her. "And please don't think that's any reflection on Trina - I really couldn't have imagined anyone who would show more dedication to my happiness. She's been absolutely wonderful."

"We're always pleased to hear that. But do allow me to have one of our ladies at least show you where to go, and once you're there, you can certainly invite her to stay with you if you change your mind."

A moment later, a pretty brunette named Danielle responded to Samantha's summons. I remembered her from the welcoming party, and had seen her around a bit since then. She was a very lovely woman, with green eyes and a perfectly proportioned figure, what looked to be the classic measurements of 36-24-36. She was wearing a sheer white bikini that barely revealed the dark circles of her nipples through the fabric. Under other circumstances, I would have been eager to have her stay with me, but I really wasn't up for it.

Danielle led me down a stone path to the cabana, then underneath its overhanging balcony and through some thick foliage to the beach. We came out of the brush into a ring of tall sea-washed stones that protected a small pool, into which the nearby crashing waves would occasionally flow and stir the water. Under a wide palm there sat a cushioned reclining chair wide enough for two.

"This is one of my favorite places," Danielle said with a smile. "You'll probably fall asleep here if you stay by yourself. Are you quite certain you don't want some company?"

Some part of me couldn't believe I was turning down this sexy woman who was obviously offering herself to me, but I did anyway. "Thank you, Danielle. Some other time, I hope, but for now... if you could just let me know when dinner rolls around, that's all I need."

"I understand," she said. "There's a phone up in the cabana, feel free to call the desk if you need anything at all."

She left, and I lay down on the recliner, staring up at the palm fronds swaying in the breeze. Sure enough, Danielle's warning proved accurate, and within ten minutes I was sound asleep.

* * * * *

My eyelids fluttered open as I felt something more solid and real than the ocean breeze. Silhouetted against the blue Caribbean sky above me was the beautiful face of my lover, Trina, her hair blowing gently in the breeze. A tiny smile touched her lips, and even that faded as she lowered her naked body down on me and kissed me awake.

My manhood stirred against her, but I felt no need to enter her; my desire for that was still quenched. Instead I simply enjoyed the soft and pleasurable moment of her lips and her soft, bare skin, her body on top of mine, her hands gently caressing me along with the ocean wind.

We must have laid together there for almost an hour, doing nothing more than kissing and touching, speaking no words and making no sound. I let my mind go blank to simply enjoy the sensation of a woman who wanted to touch and be touched. Fully satisfied sexually for the time being, I felt no overwhelming lust, just enjoyment of the closeness and warmth.

I felt like we could probably stay that way forever, until another woman's figure covered the sun and drew our attention. I looked up, and it was Danielle.

"I'm so sorry to interrupt," she said demurely, "but you wanted to know when dinner would be served."

"Thanks, Danielle," I said, sitting up as Trina lifted herself off me.

She turned to go, but Trina stopped her with a hand on her shoulder. The hand drifted down to Danielle's breast, and the girls brought their lips together for a slow, heated kiss.

God, Trina was a terrific date.

For a long minute the girls kissed passionately and deeply, and then parted. They smiled at each other, and then at me. Trina finally stood up and accepted her bikini top and a shirt from Danielle, and then the two girls gave me a hand getting up from the lounge.

"Shall we?" Trina asked.

"Let's," Danielle replied.

The two girls took my arms on either side and we walked up the stairs together, back to the resort.

* * * * *

We arrived at the dining room just as the sun touched the horizon, and Danielle gave Trina and me a quick kiss before departing. "I have to get ready," she explained.

"Ooh, are you dancing tonight?" Trina asked hopefully.

"Cocktail waitress," she replied.

"Well that's good then, we still get to see those pretty titties," Trina smiled, stroking her fingertip across Danielle's breast. Danielle narrowed her eyes and purred briefly, then winked at me and left us alone.

We took our usual table on the deck and ordered up some dinner, though I found once again that I wasn't terribly hungry. Constant sexual stimulation, I realized, would probably be a very effective diet and exercise plan.

"Did you have a good time today?" I asked Trina.

"It was fun," she said. "I missed you, though. Every time I stepped into a dressing room, I thought about the naughty things the two of us could have been doing while I changed. Danielle says you pretty much relaxed away the afternoon."

"More than that, I slept. I guess I needed it. This lifestyle is a little exhausting."

"Well, I'm glad you got your rest. You'll want to be in good shape for tonight, lover. Trust me, you've never been to a club like this one. It's so much fun."

"Tell me about it," I said eagerly, wanting to slip into the proper mood.

"Well, it's essentially the ultimate striptease bar," she said. "Topless waitresses, naturally, and the drinks are free, though of course the waitresses appreciate tips. And there are lots of girls to go around; you won't ever have to jockey for position. Now, we start off the night with pretty much the same rules as any other club; that is, no touching."

"Bummer," I said.

"Trust me, it makes it hotter that way. You get to work up to it, enjoy the tease. They do two-girl shows too, sometimes even three-girl. And after each set of three songs, they have a little special. Sometimes it's lapdances for everyone, sometimes it's a special show onstage... they like to surprise you."

"Er, what's the tipping policy?" I asked.

"For the dancers, you're already covered," Trina said. "One of the advantages of the VIP package. And they'll be competing for you, because they get a little bonus when a VIP guest asks them for a lapdance. You're going to have a great time, trust me. Speaking of which, you'll be able to pick your second lover from the performers tonight."

"Any suggestions?"

Trina shook her head. "Are you sure you want me to choose again? No, I think tonight should be your choice. Fortunately, as a VIP you get to make your selection early; everyone else has to wait for the no-touching rule to expire, but you can choose right from the moment you walk in."

"So, you figure everyone else will go for a second tonight as well?"

"They almost always do. It's one of the reasons they do the strip club night; people almost always opt for the second girl, and for most guests there's an additional charge."

Dinner arrived and for a time, cracking lobster shells precluded conversation.

* * * * *

"Ready, darling?"

"As I’ll ever be."

Trina stepped out of the bathroom, dressed in a trenchcoat of all things. "I got you something, just like you asked," she smiled, "but it's a surprise."

"I can't wait. How am I dressed, all right?"

"Easily unbuttoned shirt, good... you're wearing the silk boxers under those slacks, right? You want to feel the lapdance, you know. Mmm, and you smell good. I'd say you're definitely good to go. Let's go get some T&A, lover."

She touched her glossy, fire-red lips to mine and we headed to the elevator. On the ride down, she held back from our usual deep tongue kiss, instead giving me a glimpse of her leg. It was clad in sheer black nylon, all the way up to her hip and inside the coat. "Do you like it?" she asked.

"So far," I grinned. "What else have you got for me?"

"You'll see, lover. And I think you'll like what you see."

When the elevator doors opened, we could hear the thumping bass of the music coming from the club off the dining room. Oddly, I hadn't been in there yet; though the striptease was for tonight only, the bar was open all the time. I just hadn't had the occasion to make use of it.

We entered the club and found the party just getting started. A stage along one wall was divided in three, for three dancers at once. The center stage was larger, per the usual arrangement. What was unusual was that instead of chairs surrounding the stages, the place had been outfitted with three large and comfortable-looking sofas around the center stage and two each at the sides. There was also a bar, and three cocktail waitresses in short skirts and no tops. I saw Danielle at the same time she saw me, and she gave me a wave.
