 Final

There were a number of changes to my life after the engagement was official. I told Ron I couldn't take any more female customers unless they were non-sexual, and the only sexual contact I had with my loving women friends was when Lee was with me, either in our own bed or at a special party. They were hardly difficult things to do. Lee and I were blissfully happy, and our sex lives were full and rich. There was an occasional new customer that I had a feeling could have blossomed into 'something more,' but I had no problem keeping things under control.

The wedding plans came together nicely. Early on Lindsey wanted to host it at her house, but it grew too big, and then Chrissy offered her big beautiful home or the lodge in Lake Placid for our use. All of those options had difficulties associated with them, so we went with a wonderful little 'boutique' hotel in the city. The ceremony would be in a nice courtyard in the back, we'd take over the restaurant section for the reception, and most of the guests would reserve rooms and stay right there. We hired Lexie's funky jam band to kick the party into overdrive, and Johnny and Marta arranged their touring schedule so they could perform for us and share in the celebration.

Johnny and Marta played New England and the Adirondack region for three weeks before the wedding, and Penny invited us up to Camp Heaven the weekend before the wedding to see them. Lee and I were busy with wedding plans, but we decided to go up for an overnight for a much needed break. Penny kept the gathering to just the five of us because she knew Lee and I just wanted a relaxing getaway. Lee had met Johnny up there the day Connie passed away, but hadn't had a chance to get to know him. Of course I had told her all about Marta, who I kept in touch with regularly.

We arrived Saturday afternoon, walking the half-mile wooded trail to the cabin in warm, sun-dappled light.

"Steve!" I heard Marta yell, and she ran to us as we emerged from the woods.

She jumped into my arms completely naked and kissed me, hanging on tight with her legs wrapped around me.

"My sweet Marta!" I said in her ear. "How are you?"

"I'm wonderful Steve!" she said. "My life is so beautiful thanks to you."

She got back on her feet, hugged me tight again and saw Lee standing there.

"Oh, I'm so sorry, that was probably inappropriate," she said embarrassedly as she let go of me.

"Not at all Marta," Lee said with a smile. "I'm used to it. He's a popular boy. Anyway, I feel like were old friends." She hugged Marta and Marta relaxed and smiled.

"I know," Marta said. "I hear so much about you from Steve. You've filled his world like a big warm sun. I'm so happy for you both."

"Thank you Marta," Lee said as they broke off their hug with big smiles. "It's so nice to finally meet you."

"Stevie my man!" Johnny said as he and Penny approached, also naked. "Love looks good on you man!" He gave me a big bro-hug and turned to Lee. "I'd forgotten how gorgeous you are Lee!" he said and he gave her a big hug.

"I'm beginning to feel left out," Penny said. "You guys all found your soulmates and I'm still looking."

"You've got four soulmates today sweetheart," I said and I gave her a kiss and a big hug.

"Are you already for your big day honey?" Penny asked Lee as the hugged.

"Pretty much. As long as all our friends and lovers are there, we're ready," Lee said.

"Is that all you brought with you?" Penny asked, looking at out small overnight bag.

"Yup," I said with a smile. "Don't need many clothes around here."

"Darn right," Penny said. "You know the drill, strip 'em off, grab a drink, and we'll see you down by the pond."

The afternoon progressed in a most relaxing manner, just what Lee and I needed. Sunbathing on the lounge chairs, sipping cool drinks and catching up with old friends.

Penny overheated in the hot sun and plunged into the pond to cool off. Johnny jumped in after her and they embraced in the cool water. Before long she was on her knees in the shallows, moaning as Johnny's fat cock stretched her pussy. The sight and sounds brought my cock to life and Marta noticed it.

"Looks like someone needs some attention Lee," she said.

"Ooo, isn't that nice," Lee said with a smile when she saw my growing, throbbing member. "Care to join me Marta?"

"I was hoping you'd say that," Marta said.

The two girls converged on me from both sides. Lee kissed me and Marta caressed my cock and my balls, bringing me to full rock hard status in no time.

"Don't tell Johnny," she whispered to Lee, "but this is the best cock in the world."

She licked and sucked in my balls before engulfing my length in her small mouth. The sensations of our time on the boat came flooding back to me and I moaned deeply.

"Good memories?" Lee asked, seemingly reading my mind.

I kissed her hard, knowing what a special woman she was for letting me relive those memories in such a way.

Lee kissed her way down to join Marta, and the two of them gave me the best double team blowjob I've ever experienced. They were relentless, and it ended with me exploding gushes of cum deep in Marta's throat while Lee sucked on my balls. It was massively intense, and rocked me to my core.

After an evening feast of grilled chicken, grilled asparagus and potato salad we sat around a campfire and reminisced about our lives together and the great parties at Camp Heaven. Johnny and Marta pulled out their guitars to play for us, Marta beaming with pride as she showed me the beautiful Collings guitar that I bought for her when she and Johnny arrived in Texas. When darkness fell we moved inside the cozy, oil lit cabin. It was late summer, and a nice warm weekend, so Penny had it set up to sleep on the screened porch. There were two double beds out there, right next to each other to make one big sleeping surface.

"Isn't it great?" Penny said. "Ronnie set it up for me. One of the platforms folds over onto the other one, so I can have room for chairs out here if I want. He said he was inspired by the giant bed in Lindsey's playroom."

As it was, with both beds set up, it was like one huge mattress surrounded by windows and forest, and Penny loved it.

"I just love fucking out here," she said. "It's like a fairy tale room."

"Do they write fairy tales with fucking in them?" Lee asked with a smile. "I'd like to read those."

"That's what Julia should do!" I laughed. "Remember that so we can tell her. It's perfect for her."

We settled in for the night with tequila shots and a pipe full of good weed Johnny brought. Lee had already quit her job in preparation for us leaving on the boat for the winter right after the wedding, so she didn't have to worry about drug testing anymore. We all got as high as kites and made love with a freedom I wish everyone in the world could experience. There was laughter and intensity and love and pure sexual bliss all rolled up into one magical night that Lee and I will never forget. It carried us through the week leading up to the wedding as if we were on a cloud, and the plans and preparations seemed to fall in place effortlessly, sweeping us into the big day as if the universe had predestined it all.

———————

The day of the wedding went way smoother than it had a right to, with everything falling into place like clockwork. The courtyard at the hotel was beautifully decorated, thanks to Carol's artistic vision and Julia and Lindsey's help, and Johnny and Marta played instrumental guitar music as the folding chairs filled up with friends and family. I watched people file in from a quiet corner with Ron. 

My mom and dad and Lee's mom took places of prominence in the front row, along with Becka's husband, who was a terrific guy, and Lexie. Our moms looked beautiful, Lee's blonde haired blue eyed mother looking particularly ravishing, giving me a glimpse of the gorgeous patina Lee would undoubtedly achieve as we aged together. My dad looked handsome as hell, and I hoped Lee would see my future in him with the same enthusiasm. 

Behind them were aunts, uncles, cousins, and a full house of dear friends. I smiled when I though about how many of them I'd seen naked. It was easy to imagine because the women all looked so sexy. They dressed to impress, that's for sure, and I knew my dad would enjoy mingling with them all at the reception. As they filed in my memories with them flooded back... 

Greta and her boyfriend came in with Antony and Donald, Greta's long brown legs on full display. Sinking my tongue into the beautiful pink pussy at the top of those legs next to Lindsey's hot tub overtook my thoughts as she sat down, laughing with Donald. 

Barb and Liz came in, Barb with her longtime boyfriend Ed and Liz with a gentleman I hadn't met. They sat behind Antony and Donald and Greta, all of them laughing hysterically within moments. Liz's big beautiful body was in a red dress, sexy and proudly displaying her lovely curves. Her massive tits looked like they could bust out at any moment, which would undoubtedly have been a whole lot of fun if it had happened. Barb looked sexy too, so much more so than the somewhat timid woman I had first met. Her screams of pleasure echoed in my head as I remembered her riding me in Lindsey's exercise room, the first orgasm she had had in a very long time.

Chloe and Bobby came in. They looked around and took seats near the back. Chloe had on a skin tight turquoise blue dress that set off her glowing red hair, and stockings with horizontal black stripes. She looked slightly slutty and oh so marvelous. I hadn't seen her in a while and her stunning beauty was becoming even more defined. Our first night together came back to me in a rush, fucking ourselves to oblivion with Julia watching us through the lens of the computer on Skype.

My old buddy Mark came in, escorting his two dates, Margie and Bonnie. I wasn't sure how I was going to explain my two high school teachers being at my wedding to my mother later at the reception, especially with them looking so god damned sexy.

Penny and Mary came in arm-in-arm, looking like a super hot lesbian couple. Thank God they're bi-sexual and let me play with them once in a while, 'cause damn they looked good. Kathy ran over to them when she saw them and the three of them sat together, Kathy doing the 'little black dress' thing, which looked spectacular on her little yoga body. As I stood there admiring her the vision of her peering over the balcony railing at Penny's camp filled my head, Penny fucking me in a blatant display to get Kathy and Ron to loosen up and play along. They certainly loosened up.

Carol, Julia and Lindsey gathered in a corner and chatted for a few minutes before taking their seats. They looked insanely hot too, all three of them, and I smiled and shook my head, realizing it was a vast conspiracy for all my women to dress super hot, probably so they could embarrass me in front of my mother. Lindsey saw me looking at her from across the room and turned to show me the sexy backless ruby-red dress, which dropped all the way to the crack of her ass. She turned back with a smile and blew me a kiss. Carol and Julia each blew me one too, and I blew one back to each of them. My mom saw me, turned to see the smiling girls and whispered something in my fathers ear. They both smiled.

"You hear what they're doin' man?" Ron asked me quietly, gesturing toward Johnny and Marta.

I listened to the lovely instrumental melody they were playing on their acoustic guitars and it suddenly hit me where I had heard it. It was a song from my childhood, when I use to listen to top 40 radio. A huge hit for Willie Nelson and Julio Iglesias, "To all the girls I've loved before," and it was the perfect soundtrack to the parade of lovers filling the chairs in front of me. I smiled and shook my head, and Johnny smiled and nodded when he saw that I'd got the beautiful joke.

Chrissy's luminous presence snapped me out of musical memory lane when she and Ally and Nicki came in, Nicki with a boy. He looked a bit like her old boyfriend Bix, with long dreadlock hair and a nice smile. Nicki still looked like an innocent high school girl, even though she was a highly sexed college girl, to a point most college girls only dream of. Her mother Ally looked crazy hot in a light green dress. I had never seen her dressed up before and it was quite a sight. Why her husband ignored her and had a mistress was one of the great mysteries of the world. The same could be said for Chrissy's husband. I mean come on! She was in a little black dress, and this one topped them all. The way it fit her it wouldn't surprise me if she had it custom made. I've said it before and I'll say it again, Chrissy could be Sofia Loren's daughter, she's that kind of Italian beauty. A shimmering necklace made the light dance in her stunning cleavage, and her radiant smile filled the room with warmth.

Antony's sister Lucia came in with a very handsome man on her arm. She looked beautiful and confident, and waved at me when she saw me, pointing at her man like a giddy teenager showing off her catch. I gave her a thumbs up and she smiled a lovely smile as they sat down.

Miscellaneous relatives and other friends came in, quite a few I hadn't met yet, and the seats were mostly full. Just before zero hour Denise came in, wearing a skin tight lizard print dress and fishnet stockings, with a leather clad biker boy on her arm. They looked outrageously wonderful, and made me smile.

Johnny and Marta played the wedding march, and Ron and I took our places, along with Becka and Emma, both sharing maid of honor duties. Lee's father walked her down the aisle, and she knocked my socks off in the sexiest little wedding dress I'd ever seen.

The ceremony was beautiful, with vows we wrote for each other and a song from Johnny and Marta that Marta wrote for us called Big Warm Sun. There was so much love in the air I couldn't stand it, and I had to wipe away tears from my eyes on more than one occasion. The proceedings ended with great whoops and cheers and applause from all our loved ones. Lee and I kissed each other again, deeply and passionately, and the deed was done — the rest of our happy life together had begun.

We took over the entire restaurant at the hotel, and the dinner was fabulous. After the food was cleared away Ronnie stood up to give his best man speech, his big body looking uncomfortable in his rented tuxedo.

"Steve and Lee. What can I say. You guys are the best. Steve, I'm just one of so many people whose lives you've affected in a positive way, everyone from the elderly men and women who trust you to take care of their homes in an honest, caring and highly skilled way, to your friends who love you dearly, you've made a huge difference in so many lives. I sorta knew it on my own, but it really hit home as more and more people realized I was gonna be your best man. They told me so many stories, stories about, well, everything. From how happy they are to have found the best handyman in the world to how you've turned lives completely around. The funny thing is, none of us know how you do it. You just show up in our lives and things get better for us. Lee knows what I'm talkin' about, right Lee?"

He smiled at her and she smiled and nodded, sniffling as she wiped a tear from her eye. 

"I'm gonna get all fancy now and quote someone a lot smarter than me," Ronnie continued. "Henry David Thoreau said, "Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them." Holy shit that's somethin' isn't it? So true. And he didn't mean just men when he said it, he meant women too I'm pretty sure. Go to the grave with the song still in them. Sad. Sad as shit right? Well not when Steve's around. He doesn't let that shit happen."

Everyone laughed, and Ron smiled.

"You're gonna sing when Steve's around, one way or another," he continued. "I found my voice. Lee found her voice. So many of us here in this room found our voice and are singing our song because of Steve's presence in our lives. Lee, she makes people better too. An emergency room nurse for many years, she's saved countless lives and healed countless people. That's an amazing thing I can't even hardly fathom. She's gorgeous and funny and sweet. Smart as a whip and someone you could be around every day and be happy. Steve's the lucky guy who gets to do that. You guys are so perfect for each other. Raise your glasses everybody . . . here's to the happiest life possible for these two great people. Steve and Lee, you're the best."

The room erupted in cheers and then applause.

We cut the cake, and Johnny and Marta took the stage to start the evening's entertainment. I went up to Marta's microphone and got everybody's attention.

"Everybody, I'd like to introduce to you two dear friends of Lee's and mine," I said. "They've been touring all over the country making their wonderful music, and they insisted on changing their schedule so they could be here with us tonight. They're gonna kick things off before the dancing music starts later, and they're gonna sit in with that band to. Johnny and Marta everybody!"

The whole crowd quickly fell in love with their lush guitar interplay and lovely vocal harmonies. You could hear a pin drop in the room during their quieter songs, and they had everyone clapping and singing along with the louder numbers. They were awesome, and Bonnie took all their information so she could book them at her cafe in Pennsylvania.

Lexie's funk band took the stage, the drinks flowed freely, and the party was quickly at full boil. Lee and I mingled, meeting each other's guests that we hadn't met yet, and generally having an awesome time.

"I don't know if it's the booze or what, but your mom sort of hit on me man," Mark said at one point.

"I think you've had a couple too many buddy," I said.

"No, for real man," he said. "She said she used to think about me, back when we were in high school and I used to hang around your house a lot. She said I've 'become a beautiful man' and she'd love it if her dreams came true."

"What the fuck! I think she's had a couple too many!" I said.

"Wow! Don't tell me it runs in the family!" Lee said with a look of happy surprise.

I scanned the crowd looking for my mom and saw her talking to my Aunt Katherine, both of them laughing and looking like they were under control and normal. I looked for my dad and saw him across the room at the dark end of the bar, chatting up Chrissy. She was laughing at something he was saying, his mouth right up against her lovely ear, the two of them standing closer together than they probably should have been, Chrissy looking hotter than anyone in their mid-fifties had a right to. I suddenly realized she and my dad were the same age.

I looked back at my mother just as Aunt Katherine was walking away. Mom stood alone with a drink in her hand, turned toward the band and her body started moving to the groove, shimmying in a way I'd never seen. She suddenly looked twenty years younger, and reminded me of all my other women friends — a frightening thought.

"Mom, are you okay?" I asked when I approached her. "You're not drinking to much are you?"

"No honey I'm fine," she said, still shimmying to the beat. "Just enjoying your beautiful day."

"You need to watch what you say to my friends," I said. "Everybody's had a few, and they might get the wrong idea."

"What wrong idea," she said with a smile. "That I'm not a dried up old hag?"

"Mom!" I said quietly.

"Your father and I are . . . let's just say we understand. I don't know why I'm worried about shocking you, with all these women of yours here," she said.

"Mom!" I said again.

"What honey, you thought I wouldn't know?" she asked. "I'm your mother. I know when a woman loves you, and at least a dozen women here love you. And they have no connection to you other than your work, which brought you into their homes. I can put two and two together, after looking into all their beautiful eyes."
