 It's four in the morning. All is quiet save for the occasional car speeding down the road outside, and I'm lying next to Usman, my husband, in our king-sized bed. We're six nights into our ten-day break in Gran Canaria, celebrating our first wedding anniversary at the AC Hotel Iberia. Room 212 to be exact. It's a well appointed hotel and our sumptuous master suite overlooks the ocean. I'm feeling very happy and relaxed, but a little horny. As I listen to the deep slow rhythmic sound of Usman's breathing, I wonder what he's dreaming about. I run the fingers of my left hand down his naked back, coming to rest on his cute butt. He looks so peaceful, sprawled on his front. I lightly brush a nail along his crack, smiling when his buttocks twitch. 

He fucked me very hard just two hours previously and now he's dead to the world, totally spent, but I still have an itch to scratch. I need cock. I caress my breasts with my free hand, and allow it to wander at will over my smooth skin, though with seemingly a mind of its own, it keeps returning to my nipples, kneading and squeezing them until they both stand to attention. Withdrawing my other hand from Usman's nether region, I slide it between my thighs. The stickiness left there from when Usman shot his load earlier reminds me I should take a shower, but as my fingers slither towards my button, those thoughts are quickly dismissed and replaced by visions of a strong Spanish lover. He's not unlike one of the gorgeous young slim-hipped waiters that work downstairs in the hotel - nice teeth and smile, swarthy good looks with a mop of dark curly hair. I allow him to take me in his arms and kiss me passionately. As he presses close, I can feel his hardened cock through his pants. I want him. I let him pull my top off over my head and undo my lace bra, which falls to the floor. He grabs my breasts as I fumble with the buttons of his white shirt. A few minutes later, we are both naked. I drop my eyes down to his cock. It's very thick and has to be all of seven inches long... and its getting larger. I grab hold of it and lead him to the bed. I part my thighs in invitation for him to enter me. As the head of his thick cock nuzzles my entrance, I gasp audibly before feeling his meat pole glide up my now not-so-secret passage, filling me like I've never been filled before. He starts moving back and forth, slowly at first, fucking my wantonly wet cunt, and as he fucks me, I rub my clit, slipping a couple of fingers up my dripping fanny, all the while pinching my nipples, gripping them in turn between the tips of my fingernails, imagining it's Usman biting down like he'd done a few hours earlier. It drives me crazy. With Usman using his teeth to maximum effect and the young Spaniard pounding away at my dirty fuckhole, I feel myself climaxing and quickly explode into a cloud of orgasmic delight. I can't help but cry out as I gasp for air, my heart beating fast as I press my fingers tightly to my clit to make the wave of pleasure go on as long as possible. 

Coming down, I notice Usman still hasn't moved, but I'm still not finished. My appetite for cock is insatiable. If I wake him up, will he be ready for another session? I think probably not and roll out of bed, walking naked out of the bedroom and towards the shower, where with the aid of my trusty old vibrator, I finally sate my lust. 

For the time being. 

I jump back into bed for a few hours, sleeping soundly, and wake at shortly after nine. The sun is already blazing outside and it's time we were up. Usman is now lying on his back. He's coming to, but not quite there yet, so I decide to give him an alarm call he'll never forget. I push the duvet cover off and slither halfway down the bed, taking hold of his prick before starting to lick it; little nibbly kisses at first, but as he responds and hardens, longer, wetter strokes that go the whole length. With him at full mast, it's time for me to deliver my coup de grace. Moving my tongue down to his balls, which I insist he shaves, along with the rest of his cock and bush, I alternately lick with just the tip and then the flat surface of my moist tongue, then suck on each ball in turn before snaking my tongue down to his perineum. With my right hand working his cock, it's only a matter of seconds before Usman's white fountain spurts high into the air, coming down all over my face and his torso. 

"My god!" he exclaims, waking up with a start. "Oh, my god!" 

"Your early morning alarm call, sir," I say, smiling, trying to maintain an innocent face, but failing miserably as I wipe his cum off my cheek and suck my fingers. 

Without waiting to be asked, I scramble up the bed and straddle Usman's face, lowering myself down onto his mouth. I place his hands on my breasts and get him to give them a squeeze as he works. I feel myself becoming wetter and start riding him backwards and forwards, enjoying the sensation of his trim beard and moustache as they rub up against my clit and the lips of my fuckbox. Every now and then I accidently on purpose become over eager with my jockeyship so that I can get a flick of his tongue up my asscrack. How I love that! The more I get turned on, the more Usman does, too, and he's soon slapping my breasts, making them glow warm and my nipples grow so large, I think they'll burst out of my skin. It isn't long before I come, squirting into Usman's eager mouth so he can savor every last drop from my insatiable pussy. 

I reluctantly slip off my perch and we snuggle up together for another ten minutes. We hold each other close and I feel good, locked in the strong embrace of the man I love while being bathed in the smell of my very own cunt juices emanating from his facial hair. What a delightful aftershave! Eau de Cum by Maryam. 

Breakfast is a serve-yourself buffet with a huge range cold cuts, cheeses, breads and freshly baked pastries, all to be washed down with a choice of different teas, coffees and juices. We don't always breakfast in the hotel, preferring to go to a local café, where there is more hustle and bustle of local life. It's there that we first met Roy. 

He's a writer, currently doing research for his latest novel. He writes erotic thrillers. He's not staying in our hotel... says he can't afford it, and that the place is too modern for him. He prefers an apartment just down the coast, close by Playa de las Canteras. 

He was sitting outside with a coffee when we breezed in. I was wearing pink short shorts with matching crop top, which had a deep plunging neck, showing plenty of inviting cleavage. I could feel his eyes on my ass as we found a table on the esplanada, two down from him in the next row. I sat down and studied him through my sunglasses. I'd say he's about fifty. His hair's gone prematurely gray, but he has a young face. I'd also say he's good looking. When he got up to leave, I could see he also had well-shaped, long tanned legs and a really neat little butt. He's not over muscular, but looks fit and healthy. As he walked past, he knew I'd been checking him out, so he stopped and said 'hi'. Then he said he was new to the place (a bit of a fib as we were to later discover) and asked if we knew the best part of the beach for swimming. Playa de Las Canteras has a beautiful sandy beach that goes on forever and we've been there a lot since we arrived, so I told him that we always went down the southern end, although everywhere was good. 

That was yesterday and we're going there again today. I'm kind of hoping we run into him again because I'd like to fuck him... possibly a nice little threesome with him and Usman. Or a foursome if he's got a partner. He didn't mention it, but that would be good, especially if we could get something going like we have back home with our friends Zara and Ian. Usman and I love to swing. 

We go back up to our room, pack a beach bag and head off, and soon we're lying around under the sunshade, paying frequent visits to the water. Usman and I both enjoy swimming. We sometimes use the pool back at the hotel, but the sea is so much more invigorating, and you get a better tan. I'm hot and want an ice cream, so I grab my purse and head off to one of the beach bars. While I'm standing in line, a voice says, "Hello." I turn around. It's Roy. He's smiling. "No husband?" 

"He's over there," I say, pointing in the general direction. "And you? No wife?" 

"Not with me," he replies. "She had to stay back in England. Family problems. She might be out next week. I love that bikini." 

"Thank you." 

"Such a delicate shade of orange. Cantaloupe? Goes really well with your coloring." 

"Thank you." 

"And fits like a glove." 

I sense his eyes wandering downwards towards my rather obvious camel toe, but as his Speedos leave little to the imagination, unlike Usman's red bathing shorts, I don't mind. I want him inside me. "Just like your trunks," I say. 

"Touché!". We buy our ice creams and I ask him where he's sitting. 

"Over there," he says, indicating a mint green and pink sunshade. 

"Would you like to join me and my husband?" 

"Oh, I couldn't intrude," he says. 

"You won't be," I reply. "Usman likes making new friends. So do I." 

"Well, okay. I'll just get my stuff." 

"I'll come with you." 

"No, it's alright. Get that Magnum back to Usman before it melts. I'll find you." 

We part and I hope he wasn't just giving me the brush off. I tell Usman who I've just met and that I want us to have a threesome. He agrees. Five minutes later, Roy appears. We chat animatedly and we tell each other a little about ourselves. I take my bikini top off. It's a very unsubtle hint, but who cares? If you don't ask, you don't get. It's difficult to see exactly where Roy's looking behind his sunglasses, but if he isn't feasting his eyes on my breasts, he must be gay. I like my breasts. They could be larger and attract more attention, like Zara's, which would be nice, but they are in proportion with the rest of my body, and at twenty-eight, they're still perky and make for a good cleavage. Roy's speech flow falters. Got him. Now I just have to reel him in. I don't think he'll put up much of a struggle though. 

I suggest lunch, and the three of us go off for a burger and fries. Roy says he's had enough sun for one day, so he's going to go back down to the beach and collect his things before going back to his apartment for a long cold shower. 

"That sounds good," I say, hoping he'll take the bait. Sure enough he does. 

"Come and have one, too, if you like," he says. 

I look at Usman and he nods. 

We pay the check and go back down to the beach. Twenty minutes later, we're in Roy's apartment. It's nowhere near as luxurious as out hotel suite, but has everything he needs - bedroom with double bed, but not king-sized (still, you can't have everything), a kitchenette, bathroom with spacious shower and a lounge which leads out onto a balcony, with a so-so view. 

Roy gets us each a cold beer from the fridge. 

"Who wants to shower first?" he asks. "Ladies first?" 

Usman laughs. We all sit down. Roy and I on the sofa and Usman in the only armchair; perfect for viewing. There's an obvious sexual tension in the air. I know Roy wants me, but he won't make a move while Usman's watching, so it's up to me. I pull off my t-shirt, saying I'm hot. I catch Usman's eye, and he does the same. 

"Looks like I'm the odd one out," Roy says, peeling his off. "What next? Shorts?" 

He stands up and slides his down his legs. I can see his semi-hard cock in his Speedos. My shorts quickly join his on the floor. Usman's only wearing his swimming shorts, so he makes no move. 

"Just like being on the beach," Roy says, "only more comfortable." 

"Not quite, "I reply, and undo my bikini top, letting my breasts bounce free. I'm ready to fuck and he hasn't even touched me. 

Roy coughs to clear his throat. "Right, what happens next? If it was one of my stories, I'd make a move on you and Usman would be okay with it." 

"Try me," I say. 

Roy looks kind of shocked and surprised, but he kisses me. I open my mouth to let him in and push my tongue forward to meet his. Nice. I put my hand on his cock. It's rock hard. I guess he's a similar size to Usman, but slightly thicker. Roy caresses my breasts. I shiver with anticipation. His hand snakes downwards and into my bikini bottoms. He fingers me and feels my wetness. 

"I think you forgot to shave this morning," he whispers, rubbing my clit. "You're a little stubbly." 

"We were late up," I say. 

"How about I help you catch up now?" 

My stomach turns to jelly. "Okay," I say. "But be careful." Roy grins, sucks on each of my nipples in turn and then goes off to the bathroom. 

He returns a couple of minutes later with a towel, a wet flannel, a razor, shaving cream and a brush. Leaving them on the coffee table, he goes to the kitchenette and fills up a bowl of warm water. 

"Right," he says. Stand up, bikini off and I'll put the towel underneath you. I slip my bottoms off and sit back down. 

"Spread your legs," he orders. 

I do as he says, then watch as he lathers up the brush before coating my pussy with warm soapy suds. The brush is soft and the sensation exquisite. I almost come. Then he picks up the razor... it's a cut-throat one... opens it up and rubs some pink liquid along the blade. 

"I hope you know what you're doing with that," I say, feeling a little nervous. 

"Don't worry, I'm well practiced as my wife would testify if she was here. 

He starts scraping through the soapiness with small neat strokes. With every one, I feel more naked than I ever have done at any time in my life. His expertise is certainly not an idle boast. He takes my labia gently between his thumb and index finger as he carefully removes all traces of hair. My cunt is literally aching for cock. 

"All done," he announces and wipes me clean with the damp flannel. "I'll bet you've never been smooth. Feel." 

He guides my hand and I can't believe it. My skin is like glass and ultra sensitive. 

"You should be okay for a couple of days," he says. "My wife usually is." 

Usman has been watching avidly. Roy turns to him. "You should invest in one of these." Looking back at me, he runs his finger over my vulva. "Looks good enough to eat." 

"Be my guest," I say. 

He leans forward and takes my clit between his lips, nibbling it gently with the tip of his tongue. "After we shower. You taste soapy." 

We take it in turns to use the bathroom and repair to the bedroom. While Usman strokes his cock and watches, Roy and I start making out on the bed. He's a skilful lover and knows exactly how to push my buttons. After teasing me for a couple of minutes, he goes down between my legs and I feel his tongue darting about among my wet folds... licking, poking, nibbling. He uses a finger to probe my ass. I relax the muscles and let him in. His other hand is playing with my nipples... pulling and pinching. He's good, and I come very quickly. 

Usman gets onto the bed and takes his place, pushing his stiff prick up my sopping wet cunt with ease. He raises my legs in the air before pushing them back so I'm nearly doubled up. He's so turned on that he fucks me like a demon. I moan and writhe. "I want Roy up my ass," I gasp. Roy, who's enjoying the show, is only too happy to oblige. My two men drag me to the edge of the bed, where I lie in a fetus position, exposing both my fuckholes. Usman enters me again, while Roy applies some lube to my butt. He slides a finger in and out a couple of times to lubricate me before replacing it with his cock. As Roy pushes inwards up my ass, Usman withdraws to the tip, then Usman thrusts inwards while Roy withdraws. They soon get a good rhythm going, taking it in turns to spank my uppermost buttock and thigh at the same time. I'm in paradise and start to come, noisily. The more sound I make, the harder they spank me. Roy shoots first and I feel his warm cum invade me. He holds his deflating cock in place as Usman blows his load deep and high, just as I like it. We all collapse on the bed. 

"Thanks, guys," I say. "I needed that." 

"You're not the only one," Roy says. 

"How come you're so good at licking pussy?" I ask. 

"I've been well trained," he laughs. "It's my wife's favorite thing, especially after we've fucked." 

"What? You clean her up?" 

"Always," he says. "She insists." 

"Don't you mind?" 

"I love it. I didn't the first time, but pleasing her makes me horny, so it's a win-win. Now I can't wait. She even threatens to get in a lover and have me clean up after him." 

"And would you?" 

"Sure, if that's what she wants." 

"Wanna practice on me?" 

Roy stirs. "Do you want to lie there or sit on my face? Sitting on my face works best." My god, he means it. This is too good an opportunity to miss. 

We all adjust our positions and I straddle Roy. 

"Other way," he says. Reverse cowgirl, so I can lick your ass as well." 

Is this my birthday? I change my position and lower my butt. I soon feel his tongue licking the cum off my inner thighs and delving greedily into my pussy to get more. I use my hips to rock my butt back and forth, and his tongue goes there, too, licking and probing. It's all too much for me and I come again, squirting copiously down onto his face. 

What an afternoon! As we're getting dressed, Roy asks us if we're going on the orgy cruise tomorrow. 

"What's that?" I ask. 

"It's a cruise where people have an orgy. Invitation only. Would you like to go?" 

"We'd love to, but we aren't invited. Are you going?" 

Roy chuckles. "Yes, but not as a guest. I'm one of the crew members. You see, I heard about this cruise orgy online and that's the main reason I'm here... to research it for my next book. I got hold of the owner... some filthy rich American called Harold Russmeyer the Second... and told him about my idea. To cut a long story short, he said I could observe at first hand as staff, but he couldn't let me be a guest, because I'm a single man. If I'd been a single woman... no problem. Anyway, it sails tomorrow at half past twelve. Do you want me to see if I can get you in?" 

We both nod with excitement. "You bet." 

"Give me a moment." Roy gets on the phone, makes a call and walks out to the balcony. We see him chatting animatedly. After what seems like an interminable wait, he comes back to us wearing a big smile. "You're in," he says. What you have to do is go to a little kebab restaurant called Al Abbasid... it's near your hotel... do you know it?" 

Know it? It's our favorite place to eat. We're regulars. 

"Yes," we say. 

"Right, go there and ask to speak to the manager. He's Spanish... speaks a little English. Give him your names and tell him Hal Russmeyer the Second has invited you on the twelve thirty cruise tomorrow. He'll give you your passes and directions." 

"And that's all?" I ask, unable to believe our good fortune. 

"That's all," Roy says, "And don't let me down. I've given you a big build up. Now if you don't mind, I'm knackered. I need a rest. I'm not as young as you guys." 

We leave Roy in his state of near exhaustion and go off to collect our passes 

The night can't go quickly enough for either of us. Despite the fact we're both feeling as randy as hell, we refrain from fucking because Usman wants his tanks to be full for the cruise, though as I have no such problems, I get him to practice his oral skills on my ass and my newly shaved cunt. After all, I don't want him showing me up when we set sail tomorrow afternoon. 

At last, we're on our way. It's just a short taxi ride to Puerto de Las Palmas, from where the boat is due to leave. I hold Usman's hand and he gives mine a squeeze. I smile and give him a kiss. Neither of us say much. Although this is a dream come true for both of us, we are too nervous. I put my hand on Usman's lap. He's already hard. A few lucky ladies will be feeling that plowing their furrows very soon. I can feel myself getting wet at the thought. I'm dressed in my tiny yellow string bikini beneath a matching thigh-length t-shirt and carrying a tote bag with my phone and other essentials. Nothing more; I don't want anything to get in the way and slow down the action. 
