 Couples share fantasies. That is good. That is healthy. Sometimes, though, those fantasies get under the skin of one partner or the other and fantasy spills out into the real world.

Mike and Audrey had a wild and colorful fantasy life in the bedroom. One weekend he found out that he'd unknowingly ignited a volcano in Audrey, and the eruption would change their lives forever ...

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

It was a warm Saturday afternoon. Mike had finished lunch and decided to watch TV until his wife Audrey came home. She said she had to do something at work, but would make up for the lost Saturday morning together by doing something special for him later. He hoped she was stopping off on the way home for a silky new slip or something else from Victoria's Secret. He loved to make love to her when she was wearing silk or satin.

He thought he heard a car come in. Instead of coming in from the garage, though, Audrey opened the front door as Mike was walking from the kitchen to the living room with a cold beer. His wife stepped through the door, and he saw there was someone behind her. A young woman followed Audrey into the room. She set a small overnight bag down next to the door. Mike was confused.

"Honey, this is Elaine, my friend from work."

Mike set his beer down and walked over to shake her hand. He was startled. He wondered if this was that Elaine, and if so, what she was doing in his living room! He tried to be as calm as he could be.

"Pleased to meet you Elaine."

"The pleasure is all mine, Mike. Audrey has told me so much about you."

Elaine was about five-five. She looked to be about 25, and she had a slim but beautiful build. The sweater she was wearing hugged her torso and emphasized her B-cup breasts. Her short red hair framed her heart-shaped face, and her green eyes flashed as she smiled at Mike.

Mike saw his wife's hand on the small of Elaine's back. He suddenly realized that what he suspected was true. His heart skipped a beat at the thought of their fantasy life becoming real.

Audrey gave him a minute to process what he saw. He looked at her with a raised eyebrow. She smiled.

"Yeah, Honey. What we've been talking about in bed for the last few months ... well, Elaine and I have been doing it at work for the last month or so."

Elaine Put her hand on Mike's shoulder and smiled. Mike was stunned. He couldn't reply.

"And by it, she means that she's been fucking me silly, Mike. And she's the best fuck I've ever had. She says that you fuck pretty good too, and now it's time for that big dick of yours to fuck some tight ... young ... pussy."

"I think that what my friend is saying, Honey, is that we've been fucking. And I want my friend to become your friend, too."

Mike was still speechless. His wildest fantasy was coming true. After fifteen years of marriage to Audrey, they had recently begun to explore some new fantasies. One had been one about Audrey having sex with another woman and including Mike. Audrey had eventually begun to describe Elaine, a friend from work during these fantasies, and she whispered about what she and he would do to Elaine as the two of them made love.

Mike knew that Elaine really did work at Audrey's firm, but he assumed his wife was just using her as focus for the fantasies. She knew that Mike was aroused by tales of the two women fingering and orally pleasing each other and then satisfying Mike.

Now this hot young woman boldly entered his living room and casually told him everything he had been aroused to hear since Audrey brought it up last summer was real! He also realized that he had an almost instant erection at the thought of this.

Audrey took Elaine's hand and moved it to Mike's crotch.

"See what I was talking about Elaine? That thing is going to feel so good inside you."

"I can't wait."

"Honey, would you like to sit and finish your beer while we all get to know each other, or would you like to fuck my friend here while I watch and then maybe let you watch me eat her pussy?"

"I think we can do the chit-chat later, Honey."

Audrey took his hands and put them around Elaine's waist.

"I want to see the two people I love the most kiss each other."

Mike looked at her to reassure himself this was really happening and that was what she wanted. Audrey put her hands on their backs and pushed them together.

Elaine looked up in eager anticipation as Mike leaned down and met her lips. Her mouth opened and their tongues met. Elaine put her hands behind his head and pulled him to her. Her lips were soft. She felt good in his arms. After fifteen years of kissing only Audrey, it felt strange kissing another woman. Exhilarating, but strange. Elaine opened her lips, and her tongue probed Mike's.

Mike began to kiss her back in earnest. The fact that his wife was watching made the experience all the more erotic. Audrey put her lips to his ear. Her breath on his ear as she whispered sent a shiver through him.

"On the way over here I told her again how good you fuck. She put my hand inside her panties, and I fingered her until she came."

He felt his wife's hands on his sides, and then they moved to Elaine. He felt the soft sweater moving, and Elaine lifted her arms as Audrey pulled it over her head, breaking the kiss. Elaine was wearing a black camisole, and Audrey took his hands and put them on Elaine's breasts.

They were firm. Audrey's breasts had been like that when they got married, but now at thirty-eight they sagged just a bit. Since they liked sexy lingerie, she often wore tight camisoles or sexy bras to bed to keep them high and firm. Mike knew that without lingerie, Elaine's breasts would be supported on their own.

He ran his hands up and down her torso as she kissed him again. Her tongue was inside his mouth as he caressed her. Audrey was now at her back, and he felt her hands on Elaine's breasts. They lingered there for a while, and then he felt his wife unzip Elaine's jeans. He put his hand at the top of her panties, and she gasped as his fingers went under the elastic.

Audrey pulled Elaine's pants down as Elaine stepped out of her sandals. Mike's fingers were now caressing down-soft pubic hair. Audrey grasped the hem of the camisole next and pulled it up and off. Mike felt a lace bra with his other hand, and Elaine began to kiss him harder. He felt his wife remove Elaine's panties next.

Not only had Audrey brought home this ravishing woman for him, but she was emphasizing her desire for him to fuck her by undressing Elaine herself! Audrey unhooked the bra and removed it. The completely-clothed married couple now had a completely naked woman between them.

Audrey took Elaine's hand and pulled her away. She led her towards the bedroom.

"Honey, I want you completely naked when you come in. Tell me what you think as soon as you open the door."

Mike stripped as fast as he could. He was still stunned at the rapid change of events. He made his way to the bedroom and opened the door. Elaine was on the bed, and Audrey had her mouth on Elaine's pussy! He watched her eat out her friend for a minute.

"Both of you are beautiful ...," was all he could get out.

Elaine looked at him with lust.

"Are you going to let your wife do all the work, or can I have some of that big cock of yours?"

Mike walked to the bed. Audrey sat up and held out her hand. Mike took it and climbed onto the bed. Audrey kissed him, and he could taste Elaine's juices on her lips. His heart was racing. He still couldn't believe this was happening!

"Honey, I have her more than wet enough. I want to see my lover's cock inside her now! Mike, I want you to fuck Elaine while I watch."

Mike positioned himself over Elaine and felt his wife's hand on his cock. She guided it to where Elaine's wide-open legs met. He felt the sensation of the first touch against her labia.

"You're going to love this. Her tight little cunt is as tight as mine was the first time you fucked me."

The head of his penis just entered her, and he discovered that Audrey was right. The sensation was incredible. Both the feel of Elaine's pussy and the fact that his wife was watching made him harder than he had been in a long time.

As his shaft penetrated Elaine, she arched her back.

"Oh, Mike. She was right. Your cock is what I've been aching for since the first time she told me about it."

Mike picked up the pace. His first thrust had been slow so he could enjoy the feel of penetration. Now he began to pump harder. He saw how much Elaine enjoyed this. Her hips met his thrusts.

Audrey was now kissing Elaine. The sight of this excited him more, and when his wife's hand slid down to finger Elaine's clit, he knew he couldn't last much longer.

"When my husband comes inside you, I'm going to lick it out, Sweetheart. I'm going to suck on your clit until you come again, and then I'm going to fuck you with our little friend."

"Oh, god, I want you to fuck me, Sweetheart. I want to feel you thrusting inside me ... I want ... I ...ohhhhhh!"

Mike felt her tense under him and spasm. Her vaginal contractions sent him over the edge, and he came hard. He pumped a few more times, and then rolled off her. He and Elaine lay there, panting. Audrey, still dressed, caressed them both.

Mike still had trouble believing what had just happened. He and Audrey had been fantasizing about this woman from work for some time. Apparently His wife had begun an affair with her, possibly with the initial the intention of bringing her home for a threesome. The thought crossed Mike's mind that Audrey couldn't have known for sure that Elaine was bisexual or that she would want to fuck him the first time they made love. They talked about it, but Audrey had never identified Elaine as anything but a lesbian.

"Audrey, I'm curious. Tell me about how you two got involved sexually."

"I thought you'd never ask, Honey. Well, we'd been fantasizing about her for some time. I knew she was at least a lesbian at the time and was hot enough to fuck. I liked fantasizing about her in bed because of that."

"One day she came to my office with a report ... you know ... just one department head to another to discuss an upcoming deal. We decided to have a cup of coffee after the discussion, and I had my secretary being us some. We'd done that dozens of time over the past few years. Just to relax and chat."

"I knew she was a lesbian, but I didn't know if she was bi. She had a girlfriend at one of the company functions, and they made no secret of it, kissing from time to time. Anyway, I asked her how her girlfriend was, and she told me that they had broken up and she hadn't been dating for some time. We talked about relationships and their ups and downs for a bit."

"I saw Audrey was getting a bit flushed when I talked about my girlfriend, Mike. I actually made the first move. I told her that if I had met her before the two of you met I would have made a pass at her. I told her that I always thought she was beautiful. Her physical reaction to that made me believe she was more than just interested in my last girlfriend."

"I asked her if she had ever been attracted to women. She looked down and didn't answer. I got up and walked to her. I lifted her chin and her answer was in her eyes."

"Mike, after all we talked about in bed I couldn't believe I might have a chance of actually doing it for real with the woman we talked about. I walked to the door and locked it. I wasn't thinking anymore. Time stopped. Elaine was waiting for me when I got back, and she wrapped her arms around my waist."

"I was happy Audrey was willing to give lesbian sex a try, too. I had been masturbating to that fantasy for some time, and I even thought about Audrey when I was making love to my last girlfriend. When I put my arms around her, there was no hesitation. She just kissed me on the mouth."

"Mike, we did all the things you and I talked about in bed. We undressed each other slowly and then she led me to my couch. I lay there and she kissed me some more, then moved to my nipples. I put my finger on my clit, but she moved my hand away and licked her lips. God, Mike, when her lips touched my pussy I thought I was going to come right then and there. She kept it up for about five minutes, and I came so hard my leg cramped!"

"I have to tell the next part, Mike. When she had recovered a bit, I asked her if she wanted to do the same to me. Mike did you know you were married to a cunt hound? She asked me what to do. I told her to have me lay bask. Without a word, she jumped up and pushed me back on the couch."

"Next, I told her to look at my labia. She tentatively pushed my legs apart and stared at my pussy. She was transfixed. I spread my labia and gave her a better view. I asked her if she had ever seen another woman's clit. She said she hadn't. Her voice was almost dreamlike. I told her it was okay to touch mine. She reached out and gently put a finger on my clit."

Audrey was almost lost in the memory. She was staring into space as she whispered about her recollection of the moment.

"I couldn't believe how beautiful a woman's pussy is, Honey. You say it all the time, but I always thought that you were just flattering me. I loved how Elaine's looked. How it got wet when I fingered her clit. I put a finger inside, and I instantly knew why you like your cock inside me. It felt wonderful ..."

"I asked your wife if she was ready to taste me. She nodded and slowly moved her tongue to my clit. She barely put her tongue on my labia. She sat back up and seemed to think about the taste. I think she liked the taste, because she dove back in stuck her lips on my pussy like an abalone on a rock. She sucked and licked. Her tongue was inside me time after time. She even fingered my asshole."

Audrey absently touched her lips. She was still in that dreamy memory.

"I didn't know what to expect. I was hot for Elaine, but I was also scared. That first lick was like an electric shock. I liked her taste. She had been gentle with her instruction, and I was suddenly blasted into pure lust. I wanted to pleasure her more than anything. I was lost in the new sensations, the feel of soft legs under my hands, the downy soft red pubic hair, the erect clit on my lips, the warmth of her vagina. It was indescribable."

Mike was hot! A bead of sweat was on his forehead.

"I think you did a pretty good job of describing it. We'll have to do that again in bed. Wow! Elaine, she did a good job?"

"It was better than I even hoped for. I never thought I would ever get someone as beautiful and smart as she was. She was older, and her department was ten times bigger than my dinky records department. Now she was on the couch making the most intimate love I could imagine. I think I was in love with your wife before we left the couch. The orgasm she gave me was better than any experienced lesbian I had ever dated. I'm serious when I say that if she had told me your marriage was shaky, I would have tried to steal her from you. Fortunately, whenever she spoke of you she only spoke in terms of being madly in love with you."

Audrey looked at Mike, then Elaine. Her gaze lowered and she sounded contrite.

"I had been fantasizing about making love to Elaine for real, too, Mike. When we fantasized, I wanted to feel her for real. It built up inside me over a few weeks. Our first session on that couch was an incredible release. I felt a little uneasy because I realized I was starting an affair without telling you. I justified it by rationalizing that I was doing it to get her in our bed, Mike. I confess that the first time was to give in to my lesbian desire for her. I didn't even know if she would consider bedding you. When Elaine and I made love after that, I imagined watching your dick inside her, though."

Elaine sat up in bed and laughed.

"Yeah, she did, Mike. One time she slipped. She mumbled something about you fucking me. It was just before she came, and it just spurted out, I think. I don't even think she knew. After she came, I asked her. She was mortified. I told her that I wanted her to finger me and tell me about what the two of you talk about in bed."

"It was incredible, Honey. I watched her face as I fingered her clit and pussy. I told her about all of our fantasies. I told her that I wanted you to fuck her while I watched. She didn't recoil at the talk. On the contrary, she got hotter and hotter. When I talked about you shooting your load up inside her, she came."

"That's when I got around to telling my Sweetheart here I was bi. Until then, I just thought that she was a married woman who had fantasized about lesbian love and was having a fling to satisfy the itch. I love pussy more than cock, I think, but I love cock too. I've never had a relationship where I could have both. Over the next few weeks I had her tell me all about you. The more she told me the more I wanted you."

"Honey, I didn't know how to bring this to you. Every time we made love I wanted to tell you it was real, but I chickened out. Elaine and I talked about it, and finally she told me to just bring me over and plunge right in."

"Yeah, I did. I told her that if she talked to you about it first, your sense of morality might tip the scales the other way. On the other hand, if she brought me and almost immediately said she wanted you to make love to me, your other head might convince you to go along."

"You were right. The shock and sexual tension worked"

"I had hoped so. By the time I got here today, I was so horny that I couldn't stand it. If you were half as good looking or good in bed, you were mine!"

Mike leaned on one elbow and grinned.

"Well, was I?"

Elaine slid down and kissed his dick.

"This is mine. You were better! I know this is probably all a bit fast, but do I have a shot at having you both? The anticipation is killing me. I've been thinking about it all day. All week, in fact."

"Well, I'd like a little time, but I think the answer could be ... could be yes."

Both women hugged and kissed Mike.

"Honey, I'm so glad! I feared that I was going to have to ask you if I could keep seeing her on the side if you said no."

"Audrey, do you love her?"

"Well, not like I love you ... but I would have to say the two of us are in love, sure."

"Okay, let's just say the two of you are on sexual probation. Fucking your little slut from work was okay, but now I want to judge the main event."

The women laughed.

"Both of you stand up. Now, Elaine take Audrey's blouse off."

Elaine giggled at the thought of putting on a show for her new lover. She gently unbuttoned the blouse and took it off.

"Kiss the tops of her breasts while you fondle them through her bra."

Elaine did so, much to the apparent delight of Audrey, who was watching her husband's eyes.

"Kick off your sandals, Audrey ... good ... now reach up under my wife's skirt and half slip and pull down her panties."

Every time Mike used the words my wife to describe Audrey, he realized that he was telling another woman make love to the woman he married. It was beyond erotic. Almost otherworldly.

Elaine removed the panties slowly. Both were watching Mike now.

"Stand up and remove her bra. Now suck her nipples. Bite them ... did she tell you she likes that?"

"Uh huh."

"Great. Now throw her on the bed."

Without hesitation, Elaine grabbed Audrey and threw her on the bed. Mike correctly assumed that Audrey had revealed a few of her fetishes. Not domination, but slightly forceful loveplay sometimes.

"Audrey, spread those beautiful legs and then spread your pussy lips."

Audrey shuddered as she lifted her skirt and slip and complied. Mike was enjoying watching Audrey do for Elaine what she had done for him so many times. Her skirt was at her waist with the black half slip below it, just above her pubic hair. The lace trim framed her pussy beautifully.
