 "Ok Dani, you're going to do this."

I look toward the living room window, noticing the blinds open just enough to catch the reflection of whatever is on the tv. The panels part slightly as someone, probably Rob, glances out after noticing the flash of the headlights entering the driveway. I pretend to scroll through my phone a moment, mixed feelings of dread and anticipation racing through me.

"Ok Dani, enough!" I say with a slight chuckle. The cool air seems to freeze the sweat lingering on my forehead, the curse of my dark curly bangs. I step out while grabbing my gym bag, the cool air almost invigorating as I inhale deeply. Bumping the car door shut with my hip I sling my bag over my shoulder, the smell of wood smoke from the fire inside welcome in the fall air.

Opening the front door I toss my gym bag on the bench by the door to walk by the short wall before the living room.

"Hey hon," my husband Mike says with a smile from the love seat by the tv. Mike and I have been married 5 years now. Older than me by about 10 years, he is not quite the gym rat I am although he keeps himself in shape. His shaved bald head showing evening traces of a hairline resting on the back rest of the couch his smile full of affection with a mischievous glint I recognize from long experience. I smile seeing the glass beside him and shake my head slightly with a fond smile.

"Hey Dani, good workout?"

The other corner couch facing the tv is being kept warm by two or Mike's friends and, hopefully, more tonight.

"Hi Rob. Hey Todd" I say turning their way. 

Rob is about my husbands age although a bit heavier built. His short black hair accentuates his dark complexion nicely. He raises his glass of the Guinness beer he prefers.

"Yes it was a bit intense tonight." I say laughing a bit more loudly than necessary, sudden nerves gripping my chest hard. I reach up to rub my fingers under my hair, noticing their eyes watching my chest bounce with the movement. The appreciative looks calm me slightly.

"Looks like it was a good one." Todd says, the usual leer with his smile.

I roll my eyes theatrically and scratch harder making my chest bounce more. Todd's smile gets even more lecherous if possible as his eyes casually stroll down my body. I glance at the table to see his typically large glass of Jack on ice explaining his behaviour. Good I find myself thinking, just don't drink to much.

"Perv." I say smiling. Todd is another old friend of Mikes, the two of them working at the local college chemistry department. Definitely more the desk guy than the other two, he sprawls in the corner of the couch.

"Anyway," I say dropping my arms, "I'm going to get a shower Mike."

"Ok hon," he replies with a wink.

I turn to walk down the hall to our bedroom. I can feel their eyes on my tight butt in the tights and feel myself accentuate the sway just a bit on the way down the hall.

I flick on the bedroom light, leaving the door open, and quickly undress. My nipples are already hard with excitement as I realize our plan is actually happening. My fingers brush slow circles around the sensitive nipples and I squeeze both breasts roughly. Quickly pulling my tights off, I caress my smooth pussy and smile at how wet I feel already. Biting my lip I risk a quick brush on my clit, shocked with how intense it feels right now. I risk a couple more rubs but make myself stop short.

"Not yet, not yet" I whisper.

Naked, I make a point of flicking the bedroom light off then back on. The hallway to my bathroom is directly in line with Todd and Rob and I want to make sure I get their attention. Walking out I notice them both looking down and barely catch their expressions to see me walk out of the room and turn on the bathroom light. Trying to make it look accidental I leave the door open so they can see me standing in front of the mirror. It is not a long hallway so I know they can both see me clearly naked in the room. I deliberately mess with my hair again, smiling as my breasts bounce freely in the mirror. I'm a bit short at 5 foot so I have to arc up slightly to catch my upper body in the mirror.

Still acting as if I don't notice anything I turn on the shower and pull the curtain aside to step in. The cold water makes me gasp but it warms quickly. I leave the curtain back a bit, hoping the two are still watching without making it obvious. I don't bother to wash my hair, anticipation making me rush. I wet it quickly then start to soap up. I sneakily glance down the hall and see the two are still watching me in the shower. Smiling I see I still have their attention as I step back into their view to rinse the soap off. I feel so excited knowing they are watching me do this! I make a point of rinse the soap off my breasts, letting my hands glide down my belly to my smooth mound. Even in the shower I feel wet with excitement!

I finish my shower quickly, the room steamy as I pull the curtain back. Still pretending not to notice I step out giving Rob and Todd a clear view of me standing naked in the room. I grab a towel and carefully dry off before walking back to my room. I already have this planned so I pull out some very loose shorts and tank top I have laying on the bed. Looking down I see my nipples poking out of the material with a smile. That should do, I say to myself. 

I pause a moment in the room before stepping out. I know Mike and I discussed this, but discussing and doing are so different! Finally I shrug and bracing myself I step back into the hallway. Both Todd and Rob watch me step out and walk down the hall. I smile awkwardly and step into the kitchen. I open the fridge to get my bottle of wine, glancing over at Mike. I see his smile and wink, feeling a bit more secure about what I'm trying to make happen. I pour a glass of wine, I have to admit nerves are getting me. Will they go for this? What if they freak out and turn me down?

I take a long drink and refill my glass, out of site of the other two. I glance at Mike again to see his reassuring nod. Ok, lets do this.

I stroll into the living room and make a bit of a show looking for a seat. Mike has stretched across his couch, so giving him a cross look I glance over to the other couch between Todd and Rob. Both are openly staring at me, the loose tank and sorts really highlighting my subtle curves. With a shrug I move the coffee table and sit between the two.

"So what are we watching?" I ask innocently. There is a cushion between me and both Tod and Rob but I so feel their eyes on me.

"Netflix and chill hon." Mike says smiling. Some action show is playing out, but at this point they are all watching me. We all watch quietly for a few minutes as I feel the tension build in the room. All of them are glancing my way as I sip my wine, wondering what is up. I see Mike making eyes at the both of them, nodding his head my way and the slightly confused but excited responses. Its hard to miss the shuffling on the couch when I'm right there.

After a few minutes I put my glass down and stretch my arms above my head. Both Rob and Todd are watching at this point, whatever is on tv ignored. "This is boring." I say. Turning quickly I twist on the couch and rest my head on Todd's lap, my feet resting on Robs legs. Honestly I find Rob more attractive, but I know Todd is more likely to start something.

Both men are holding still as I lay out to get comfortable. On my back I gently press my head to Todd's crotch while my ankles rest on Rob's thighs. Moving my foot gently I press against Robs cock, smiling his way as I feel the firmness in his pants. I twist my head a couple times against Todd, feeling a similar reaction. Todd has his arm in the air, looking confused but excited. Saying nothing I reach up and pull his arm down and place it on my belly, pushing up against my breasts.

The tension is unreal! I hold still, waiting to see if they will do anything. Todd's hand trembles under my breast and his pants feel like they may burst by my head. Rob carefully places a hand on my calf, glancing over at Mike as he does so. Seeing Mikes shrug he slowly caressing my leg, his hand squeezing the muscle gently but firmly. Fuck I want this!

I wiggle a bit more and Todd's hand slowly slides further up, cupping the bottom of my breast. His thumb brushes my nipple and I moan softly, pressing my head against his cock. Feeling me rub against him he brushes harder and cups my whole breast, gently pinching my nipple through the material of my shirt. I see him look questioningly at Mike and his response urging them on.

Robs hands caress my legs, moving quickly past my knees to tease my hips just under the shorts. I part my legs to let him see my bare pussy, catching and holding his eyes as I do. Eyebrows raised his hand slides further, under the shorts as I push my hips up to meet his fingers. I gasp, not quietly, as his fingers brush my pussy, opening my legs further.

Todd sees all this and pulls my top over my breasts, barely glancing at Mike. His hands roughly squeeze my breasts, pulling at my nipples as Rob caresses my pussy. I reach my arms over my head and grab his cock under his pants. His hands pause a moment while he quickly unzips his pants and pulls them down mid thigh. With the bump I suddenly find his cock slapping me on the side of the face. I twist my back toward the back of the couch to take his cock in my mouth, hand pumping slowly up and down his shaft as I rest my head on his belly. Mike looks so excited across the room, stroking himself under his pants watching.

Rob is getting into the moment quickly as he pulls my shorts off and dives into my pussy. I almost shriek as his tongue buries itself into my clit, pulling on my swollen bud. He slides two fingers inside me, my hips rocking with the motion as my eyes close with the intense pleasure. Todd grabs the back of my head, pulling me deeper as I run my tongue over his cock. A hand pulls against a nipple again sending intense waves of pleasure through me. Rob's tongue is amazing as he sucks my clit, his fingers pumping wildly.

I put one leg on the back of the couch as I work Todds cock more, hand pumping as I slide my tongue around his head. One hand rests on my head while the other massages my breasts still. I feel a orgasm building quickly with Robs intense action and look at Mike again across the room. Do you like what you see honey? I think to myself. His expression is everything we hoped for as his friends grope me. 

I stop with Todd a moment, pushing Rob away with my foot before twisting again on my knees. Rob, smiling, quickly drops his pants and pulls out a impressive sized cock, getting bigger as it gets harder. I look wide eyed a moment then smile as he lines up against my hips to slide inside me.

I orgasm instantly as he pushes into me. Intense waves of pleasure crash though me as his hands grab my hips, pulling me hard against his driving cock. Barely able to breath I pump Todd, my tongue running circles around his head before taking it back in my mouth. Each one of Robs thrusts drive me forward, another orgasm building under his hands. I feel Todds cock start to twitch and get harder, knowing he is about to cum. His hand grabs my dangling breasts, finger flicking both nipples at the same time. Taking him in my mouth I pump harder, letting go as he releases. Rob follows quickly, pulling out to cum on my ass.

I shudder intensely as another orgasm rocks through me, grasping Todds cock tightly. As I recover I see both Todd an Rob looking over at Mike questioningly, confusion mixed with intense desire. I place a cushion on the floor and look over at Mike, sly smile as I motion him forward.

"Come here hon, your turn..."