 It's your average busy Saturday at a downtown Manhattan Hollister. People coming and going, browsing more than buying of course. I'm currently stationed at the annoying post of opening up dressing room doors for customers who don't understand why I need a count of what they are bringing in there. I'm playing around on my phone when I notice one of our "regulars" walk into the front door. She's around 19 years old and loves to try on clothes, but rarely buys anything.

We have exchanged few words, mainly "hello" or "third door on your right", all of the normal stuff a clerk would say to a customer. Little does she know I watch her with great enthusiasm each time because I frequently masturbate to the thought of her hard body riding my dick. She's around 5'5" and a tight little package. Her eyes can hold anyone's gaze and stop an elephant in their tracks and her lips are full and luscious; kissing her must feel like kissing a cloud. 

I can only imagine, and I have, her lips wrapped around my hard cock or sucking on my neck while she jerks me off. I can even imagine she would be sought after by the ladies with her soft lips, she could gently kiss a woman on her inner thigh working her way up to the wet mound of a pussy and ever so slightly plant her lips on the exposed clit. 

Today she is wearing a cute little tank top exposing her perfect perky C cup tits for everyone to see. I always pretend she dresses up just for me and has matching bra and panties on she knows I love. As she struts around the store her tits bounce ever so slightly causing my dick to twitch, I can't wait for her to hit the dressing rooms so I can get a better look. As if she knew I watch her every time she comes in she is also wearing a short little black pleated skirt. Although the skirt is fairly short to begin with it sits higher up in the back because of her perfectly tight and round ass. What I would give to just reach out and grab it.

As if she can hear my thoughts she bends over ever so slightly in my direct line of view for a shirt on the bottom rack. This causes her skirt to rise just enough that I get a private showing of the tight ass I yearn for. At this point I'm working with a dick at half-mast in my pants and worrying about other people seeing the bulge in my pants. I realize that I don't even know her name although she has screamed out mine within my fantasies many times.

She walks past the racks that are on the sides of her in slow motion and I watch her every step as she draws closer to me. She stops abruptly and just near enough that I can smell her perfume freshening the air. Because I'm so deep in a daydream I notice her lips moving to say, "can you help me, please?".

The reality of my job hits me in the face and I come to, slowly counting her items and showing her to her room. It's a tight squeeze between the wall and the door, so upon opening the door she moves into the doorway lightly pushing up against me. She brushes her perky breasts up against my chest and lets out an "oopphh" as she squeezes by. I have to catch my breath for a minute before coming out of the dressing room and give my lower half the chance to calm down.

I head back to my post to go over all the events that just took place. Before I can even start daydreaming again another girl just as cute wearing shorts and a tank asks me, "did my friend come in here?" She begins to describe the girl I have been lusting over who is currently in room five. Her friend walks past me and to my surprise opens room five to join her friend, guess I'll never truly understand women.

Shortly after I hear over the loud speaker that the store will be closing in thirty minutes. I stand there and watch as most of the customers leave and the only customer now in my section is in room 5. I walk to the back to inform the girls they are now on a time limit. I get to their door and right before I'm about to knock I hear kissing. Obviously I'm not sure at first, but then I lean in a little more and can hear the girl's soft moans and whispers of little sexy nothings.

I'm so close to the dressing room door that I don't realize my shoes are now visible on the other side. All of a sudden all noise ceases from inside the room, then I hear a quick back and forth and the door creaks open. The girl I have been sexually pining after is standing there in matching bra and panties, her body just as curvy as I had hoped and imagined. Her olive toned skin, beautiful cleavage, wide hips, and strong legs all there for me to see putting me quickly into a speechless trance. Lucky for me she wants to do anything but talk and takes one look at the growing erection in my pants pulling me in to the room and locking the door behind.

I now notice her friend standing there in only her panties. Around the same height, but with a skinner frame, lighter complexion, and a full B cup. Her friend holds my gaze as the dream girl saunters over placing her hands on her hips and pulls in to plant those luscious lips on hers. They stand there running their soft hands along each other's bodies seemingly forgetting I am even in the same room as them.

After a while the girl of my dreams sits down on the bench and forcefully pulls her friend down in between her legs. Her friends slips the panties off her perfectly toned olive skinned legs and starts kissing, licking, and rubbing. The entire time this is happening my beauty has one hand planted firmly on her friends head and eyes locked with mine in a way I can only describe as domineering.

"Disrobe" are the only words her pouty mouth utters and I'm awkwardly stripping down to nothing. As I stand there I cannot resist the urge to touch myself while watching everything in front of me. This appears to please her as she closes her eyes to fully enjoy the tongue between her legs, softly moaning and pulling on her friend's hair.

At this point I am stunned into doing anything other than standing there with my rock hard cock in my hand enjoying what I am seeing. My primal side is attempting to take over and urging me forward, but something seems so intimate between these two that I can't bring myself to interject.

Right around the time I am internally debating on whether I should finish myself off or not my dream girl pushes her friend away, stands up, and motions for me to sit down. Still pretty much in a stunned state I walk over and do as I'm told.

Without skipping a beat she faces away from me and slowly slides herself on to my cock, moaning softly all the while. With my legs slightly spread to accommodate her wide hips and shapely behind she plants her hands on to my knees and begins gyrating slowly. Her friend is now on her knees kissing her passionately touching each other all over.

After what I assume was a warm up she then begins to thrust her hips back and forth arching her back with each movement putting herself in more of an upright position. Her friend now at the wrong height for her lips begins playing with her perky C cup tits and using her tongue to circle and stimulate her nipples.

This whole ordeal is happening in relative silence with the girl on top of me making the softest but most primal moans I have ever heard. Dream girl, now officially worked up to her max leans forward putting most of her weight on her feet and starts bouncing up and down fucking herself on my cock. I watch as her perfect ass rides up and down only making me that much harder, but bringing me that much closer to climax.

At the same time her friend is now sitting down watching and playing with her own sopping wet pussy. We make eye contact a few times, but for the most part my gaze stays on the olive toned mound rising and falling before me. All of a sudden my dream girl sits straight up and let's out the loudest moan yet, shudders, and slowly gyrates her hips in a circle before raising herself off of me.

Turning around and noticing my still erect cock she motions her friend toward me and my situation. She grabs her tits and pushes them together only saying "right here is fine". I grab my own cock and finish myself off while my dream girl is slowly and deliberately dressing in front of me. I cum with a powerful load right on her friends tits as my gaze is locked with hers. My fantasy girl tosses her friend her clothes and she quickly gets dressed.

I'm sitting there still on the bench as they walk out of the room with residual ooze still coming out of my slowly softening dick. I hear the final "the store is now closing" announcement wondering if what just happened was real.