 It's a casual Tuesday night and we meet up for dinner after work at one of our favorite understated restaurants. As usual Niko arrives early, and I'm running a few minutes late. By now I've become a lot more punctual and he, a lot more understanding. It's been seven years since we met in college, and two since we moved out to San Francisco together to build our careers. 

I spot him at our usual table, casual yet put together in gray pants and a white shirt, sleeves carelessly rolled up. I'm wearing a maroon silk long-sleeve dress and my steel gray trench coat. He slips my coat off, and I turn around into his arms for a sweet kiss. We sit down and I start telling him about my day. There has been a bottleneck in the handmade lace supply because workers in our Sri Lanka factory have gone on strike. My newest intern presented her research on the Kenyan market we have been planning on entering. He listens patiently, lovingly. We don't order because the waiter knows us well and brings out our drinks while we wait for our food. Niko sips his Old Fashion as he tells me a new venture capital firm he has partnered with. When our food arrives, we continue to chat and laugh, enjoying each other's company. 

As I shovel alternate slices of fresh mozzarella and cherry tomatoes wrapped in basil into my watering mouth, Niko asks me what I think of the man seated at the bar. I subtly steal a glance and find a handsome man enjoying a plate of oysters and a dry martini. My eyes trace his strong shoulders, his sharp jawline, his piercing green eyes. His olive skin is decorated with just the right amount of stubble, and his dark hair reflects flecks of gray. He is a Persian Adonis. I'm intrigued. 

I cooly tell Niko he looks debonair and has an effect of mystery. Niko coyly admits that he was looking at him while waiting for me to arrive. Together we are transported back to our college days where he revealed to me his deepest fantasies. Twirling his tongue around a man's hard, pulsing cock. Tasting come drip down deep in the back of his throat. Watching another man inside me while Niko's cock teases his ass. This night just became far more interesting. We look up from our fantasies and both blush a little. 

Niko's face breaks into a devilish grin. Without breaking our silence, we decide to have a little fun. We order another martini for this mystery man. Our gaze stalks the waiter as he carries the drink to our newest point of interest and motions in our direction. We all raise our glasses in acknowledgment of one another. Niko and I are charged with sexual tension and anticipation, but we cannot figure out what he is thinking. Our mystery man remains cool. Unaffected. And continues sucking his raw oysters from their cold shells. 

Soon Niko and I return to our conversation about the dinner party we are hosting this weekend, enjoying each other's company as usual. We finish our meals and wait comfortably for the check. Instead, the waiter sets a decadent chocolate mousse in between us and motions to the bar. Our mystery man offers a seductive smile and winks at us. He grabs his drink, casually walks toward our table and introduces himself. We introduce ourselves as well and invite him to share dessert. We let him talk about what he does, where he grew up, and his love for San Francisco. We tell him about us. There is an obvious connection between the three of us. The waiter brings the check, Niko pays, and then invites our mystery man for drinks at our apartment. I chime in excitedly, telling him he must join us. He agrees, and we give him the address to our apartment. 

Niko and I wave goodbye and walk to our car, my hand wrapped through his arm. Once enveloped by the privacy of our vehicle, we smile at each other giddily. We are both equally excited about the night ahead. 

When we get to our apartment, our mystery man has not arrive yet. Niko slams me against the elevator wall and kisses my lips hard, his tongue down my throat. He moves to my neck, gently biting. His forceful hands make their way under my soft silk dress. He slips my La Perla maroon lace thong to the side with his experienced fingers and slips one into my pussy. I'm so wet. We want each other. We want the mystery man. Once we reach our floor, Niko lets me go. He walks out of the elevator as if nothing has happened. I follow, desperate for his cock. 

When we get to our beautiful one bedroom apartment in The Mission, I tidy up a little and Niko uses the bathroom while we wait for our unexpected guest.

The doorbell rings and I saunter over to answer it. Mystery man and I kiss on the cheek, and I invite him inside. As I give him a tour, Niko emerges from our room and welcomes the mystery man to our home. We make our way to the living room and Niko asks him what he would like to drink. He chooses to sit in the single armchair and I curl my feet up on the couch. Niko brings me a glass of my favorite 90 Gualdo del Re 2003 L'Rennero Merlot and they enjoy the eighteen-year old Glenmorangie scotch. He takes up his spot next to me and drapes his toned arm around me. The conversation flows naturally. We all click.

As the night gets darker, we all talk and laugh and drink. Niko and I have exchanged quite a few kisses. Our mystery man doesn't mind at all. Niko orders me to fill our guest's glass. I get up from the couch, walk over to the bar, and pour the remaining scotch into his glass. As I hand mystery man his drink, his fingers wrap around mine over the glass. We gaze at each other for what feels like lifetime, a little hesitant. I stare at his full lips longing to trace my tongue along the outline where his lips part. As my mind flushed with desire and my lower half yearned for his touch, I lean in and plant a dangerous kiss on his mouth. He grabs my wrist and pulls me down to embrace me in a long sensual kiss. When we come back to reality - in the armchair in my apartment - we look at Niko who is looking at us. We've all been thinking about this the entire night. 

I take mystery man's hand and pull him out of his chair. The three of us stand, eyes locked on one another, in the middle of the dimly-lit living room sullied by our fantasies. Niko leads us all to our room. Our room is sleek yet calming. It has Niko's sex dungeon influences with my quirky touches. None of us have said anything since mystery man and I kissed. When we get inside, Niko pulls me close and kisses me lovingly; it's been years but we love each other just as much, if not more, than we did in the beginning. He looks deep into my eyes, and without words we tell each other we love each other. And, that we both want what lies ahead with our guest. 

Niko lets me go a little, and our mystery man fills in behind me, facing Niko, and kisses my neck. His full lips feel like velvet against my skin and send shivers down to my lower half. Niko continues to kiss my lips, my hands running down his chest, down his stomach, to his big hard pulsing cock. mystery man grabs me, turns me around and shoves his tongue down my throat. He pulls my hair and bites my lower lip. His other hand grabs my tits and pulls at my erect nipples. I feel Niko's hands find my ass. We are all within a few inches of one another. My hands make my way to mystery man's cock. He's big. Almost as big as Niko. And hard. I trace my finger over his pants from the tip of his cock to depth of his balls. Niko's hands grab my waist and I feel his hard cock pressed against my ass. 

I unbuckle mystery man's belt. He brings Niko closer. I unbutton his pants. He starts kissing Niko. Slowly I slip off his pants, now on my knees. He pulls Niko close and starts unbuttoning his pants. As I slip off his boxer briefs, he shoves his hand into Niko's underwear and grabs his big hard cock. I feel our mystery man freeze up for a split second. He is impressed by Niko's size, as I always am. The mystery man's cock is in my mouth now. They are both moaning. Niko looks down and sees my ass swallowing my maroon thong and mystery man's cock in my mouth. Niko moans and grabs my thong. I twirl my tongue around mystery man's cock and shove it deep in my throat. Going in and out. Slowly at first, then faster. As I pull his cock out of my mouth, I twirl my tongue around and suck harder. Deeper. He groans and pulls my hair from above. I can feel his cum building. I know he is on the edge. So, I stop, I want Niko to swallow. 

I get up from my knees, and whisper in Niko's ear. I want to watch you suck cock. Hesitant but excited, he kisses me, gently guides mystery man to sit on the edge of the bed, and gets down on his knees. Niko carefully puts the tip in at first. As mystery man rocks back and forth Niko gets more and more cock in his mouth. Drawing from me, he twirls his tongue around mystery man's big hard cock. Niko is enjoying himself. I'm watching and so turned on. Mystery man is enjoying Niko, moaning, grabbing his hair. Mystery man tells Niko to suck harder, so he does. I'm biting Niko's neck from behind, running my fingers around his hard cock from behind. Mystery man tells Niko to go faster, so he does. He's moaning, he's about to come. He tells Niko that he is about to cum. Niko sucks faster and harder and deeper. They are both moaning louder and louder. Then mystery man thrusts his cock into the back of Niko's throat and explodes, his warm cum dripping down his throat. And he swallows. 

Mystery man falls back onto our bed. He just came a lot from Niko. Niko and I are consumed by desire and lust. Niko turns to face me and carries me to our bed, my legs wrapped around him. Our mystery man is enjoying watching. Niko positions himself on top of me. His big cock slides into my tight wet pussy. He starts fucking me fiercely. I'm moaning, mystery man's watching. Then, he comes up behind Niko and gently bites his ass. Niko gasps. Mystery man spanks him. Niko fucks me harder. I'm about to cum. I feel it building, Niko is moaning loudly because mystery man is biting his ass and he is about to cum. Then suddenly my body tenses up, I feel myself climax, and then I cum incredibly hard as he cums inside me. We are spent but want more. Of each other. Of him. 

We rest briefly but soon recover. Niko wants my ass. He pulls me up by my waist, so I am on all fours, my ass in the air. He spanks me. Hard. It stings. He spanks me again. I moan loudly. Mystery man is watching; he likes it. Niko spanks me one more time, and I beg for him to fuck my ass. He carefully tells mystery man to suck his cock to get it wet. He obliges. Then Niko enters my ass, gently but quickly. He moves his big hard cock in and out of my tight ass. He pushes it in deeper, just the way I like it. I feel it all the way in, balls deep in my ass. But my pussy feels open; empty. I want more. 

I moan for mystery man to get under me. He slides in quickly under me, and I put his big cock in my mouth. I suck hard. He moans. Niko starts fucking me harder. They are both moaning loudly now. This feels amazing. Then, mystery man positions himself under me, and does the unspeakable. I feel his hard cock grazing my soaking pussy. Niko pulls my hair back for leverage and rams his cock even deeper into my ass. I feel myself getting overwhelmed. His hands are around my waist and he is fucking my ass furiously. He lets out a moan each time he pushes his cock into my ass. I scream his name. Niko. I come through my ass. But he isn't done with me. I beg Niko to stop but he tells me I am going to cum through my ass again. Then, just when I think I can't take anymore, Niko closes my legs and lowers me on top of mystery man, and mystery man rams his cock into my tight soaking pussy. 

I feel like my body is about to shatter into a million tiny pieces. I have two insanely attractive men inside of me. At the same time. I feel their cocks hitting the walls of my ass and my pussy. I feel myself building more than I have ever experienced. I can't take it. I scream for relief. I'm completely overwhelmed. Dizzy. I feel incredible. My body keeps building. I've never felt this before. I moan loudly. My body feels so fragile, so out of my control. Finally, I explode from my pussy and cum through my ass. Niko quickly follows exploding in my ass. Mystery man, in my pussy. We fall onto the bed. We are completely spent. 

Niko takes me up in his arms and places me on the bed so my head rests on the pillow. He pulls me in close and kisses me. He holds my fragile body tightly as I wrap myself around him. Our guest slips into bed next to us, but keeps a slight respectful distance.