 It happened the summer before my junior year of college. Greg and I had known each other since elementary school. We each left town to go to college, attending schools that were rivals and close enough that we saw each other a few weekends each year. We also always got together when we got home.

That year we were half way through the summer, not yet thinking about going back to college, mainly still trying to make some money and catch up with old friends. 

Greg called and asked if I was doing anything. We'd both been paid, so we decided go out drinking. Greg was always careful how much he had to drink when he drove, and to my surprise, he had driven that night. I didn't want to put him in a bad spot, so I was careful too. Darlene was in the group that was already at the bar when we arrived. It was good to see her, we all talked for a while, catching up on each other. 

I had always liked Darlene. She was an attractive, curvaceous blonde. For a while, I had dated her best friend. So, although I had never dated Darlene, I had double dated with her many times. On several occasions I had enjoyed listening to her and her date go at it, while I fucked my girlfriend. I'd heard that she had been a little wild in college. 

Unfortunately, I had not been close to finding out that summer. We had not seen each other until that night. As we talked, I started to think that maybe I'd have a chance with her. Talking to her, I felt that she was the same fun person I had hung out with in the past. By time we were going to leave, I looked around and saw that Darlene and Greg were talking. Turned out that she said that she needed a ride home and Greg had already agreed to take her. 

Taking Darlene wasn't too far out of our way. Her folks had a place just outside town. The house was on a few acres, at the end of a long driveway, close to half a mile from the road I guessed. The house was nice, a spacious ranch, set in a stand of trees, with trees lining the drive. 

The drive to home was fun. Greg had an older king cab truck that he had picked up cheap. It had a bench seat, so we were all in the front with Darlene in the middle. There was plenty of room in the back of the cab, but sitting next to Darlene on the way home was more interesting. We laughed talked and laughed some more. It didn't even feel like we were flirting, at least not too outrageously. More like two friends catching up after not seeing each other for too long. Okay, maybe there was some flirting going on. Darlene was attractive and I wasn't dead.

Then to my surprise, when we were half way down the long drive, Greg suddenly stopped the truck and shut off the lights. He turned to Darlene. I was curious what Greg was doing. 

"Okay, I gave you a ride home Darlene, maybe you should do something for us," Greg said. 

Darlene started to laugh a little, not nervous, more as if she had rather expected something like that. 

"Okay, what do you have in mind?" she asked.

"Well, I think that you could do something to take care of us. You know what I mean?"

Darlene laughed again. 

"Why whatever would you mean by that? What do you guys need me to do to take care of you?"

"Oh, you know something to pay us back."

"Do you mean something like this?" 

Darlene leaned toward him and kissed him on the mouth. I could see Greg startle. He hadn't expected anything like that from Darlene. I could see Darlene drop her hand on Greg's crotch, stroking him gently. I thought he might jump out of the truck.

Darlene must have realized how much she had surprised Greg. She broke off the kiss and turned to me, pushing her tongue into my mouth as she kissed me. At the same time, she reached a hand over and put it right on my zipper. I knew that Darlene was getting ahead of Greg, but what she was doing was fine with me.

That's when Greg started to rethink what was happening. 

"Hey, I was just kidding!" he said.

Darlene paused for a second, turning away from me long enough to respond to Greg.

"But I'm not kidding. I was hoping for this when I told you I needed a ride home. I've wanted to hook up with both of you for a while. I was delighted when I saw the two of you walk into the bar tonight. Let's not waste a chance to do something really fun!"

She turned to me and kissed me again, her hand still resting on my crotch. I was getting hard, and no matter what Greg thought, I wanted to get laid. I had said earlier that Darlene was cute, with great tits and a body made for sex. It liked her idea.

"Let's get in the back," I said as I started to open the truck door.

"Sure!" Darlene answered, and to my surprise, and even more likely Greg's surprise, she climbed over the seat.

By time, I had the back door open, Darlene had stripped off her blouse and was unfastening her bra. I caught my breath as she dropped the bra, exposing her gorgeous tits. Even in the dim light of the overhead, those knockers astounded me. I climbed onto the back seat, pulling my shirt off over my head. 

Darlene leaned toward me, unfastening my belt. I cupped a hand around each breast, gently playing with her nipples as she finished opening my belt, unbuttoned my jeans and pulled my zipper open. In another second, she had her hand wrapped around my hard cock. She looked up at me.

"Nice," she said. "I always thought that you would have a nice cock!" 

She started to flick her tongue over the head of my cock. I glanced at Greg. He was staring at us, a look of surprise on his face. I realized that stopping the truck here and his comment to Darlene were just bull. He really hadn't intended for anything to happen. Too bad for Greg, I thought. I was going to fuck Darlene whether he had intended that or not. 

Darlene held my cock with one hand, and then started moving her head up and down on the shaft, occasionally looking up into my eyes. I swear that if her mouth hadn't been so full, she would have smiled at me. It was heaven having her mouth on my cock.

Darlene certainly knew how to suck cock. I knew that I come in her mouth right then. I didn't want to do that. I wanted to fuck her. Therefore, I pulled my cock out of her mouth, very reluctantly. I gently pushed her back against the seat, shifting her hips so I could strip her shorts off. Darlene helped me get her out of her shorts. Quickly I pulled her panties down, exposing the neat triangle above her pussy. Darlene pulled one leg up, so that the panties were dangling below her knee on the other leg. 

I pushed her thighs apart, wanting a taste of her pussy. I knew that Greg was watching us from the front seat, and I didn't care. I guessed that he wasn't in any hurry to get Darlene home now. 

I lowered my head between Darlene's thighs, opening her pussy lips with my fingers. I gently rubbed her clit with my thumb, and then slipped a finger inside her. I pulled her juices out, painting her pussy lips and clit with the wetness. 

Darlene moaned softly and spread her thighs apart a little more. My fingers slipped back inside her. She was already dripping wet. It seemed that she really had wanted to fuck. I slipped first one finger inside her, then two fingers. I pulled my fingers out, looked at Darlene, and then stuck my fingers into my mouth, tasting her pussy juices. Darlene smiled at me. I stuck my fingers inside her again, deep inside, feeling for her G-spot. I started finger fucking her. Darlene moaned softly. I wanted her to come before I mounted her. 

I kept fingering her as I used my tongue on her clit. I enjoyed tasting her. I pulled my fingers out and slipped my tongue into her pussy, and then I moved my tongue up her slit, finding her clit again. I circled her swollen clit with my tongue, and then went back for another taste of pussy. I thought that she was even wetter. It felt like the juices were pouring out of her. I lapped up the juices, then licked her clit some more. I slipped my fingers inside her again.

Darlene moaned more loudly, and then seemed to quiver for a second or two. Her body detonated in a convulsion of bucking and moaning. I kept my tongue on her clit, or tried to. I couldn't, she was writhing too much. I let her slow down just a little, then shifted so that I could get my cock inside her. She was already so wet that I plunged in with a quick, deep thrust, burying my cock as far into her cunt as I could. Darlene moaned as I penetrated her. 

I started to pump my cock in and out of her. I may have pumped half a dozen times before she came again, writhing, almost screaming that she was coming. 

I got her to come twice more as I thrust my cock in and out of her tight pussy. She moaned that she was going to come again. That was all it took for me to feel the surge of my orgasm start. I kept riding her, using my cock as a hammer, driving in and out, enjoying her hot, wet pussy tight around my shaft... Darlene came a third time before I exploded inside her. It almost felt like it would never end, spurt after spurt of hot come shooting into her cunt. It was great!

I pumped a few more times, squeezing the last drop of semen inside Darlene. That's when Greg chimed in.

"If you're done, I'd like some of that too."

Darlene laughed. 

"I said that I would take care of you both. Do you mind switching places with Greg?"

"No problem."

I climbed off Darlene, giving her a kiss as I climbed off. I could feel the come oozing out of her as I pulled out. "Oh well, too late now," I thought to myself. 

I got out of the truck, pulling my pants up and looking for my shirt. Darlene lay there, her head resting against the back door of the truck, her legs spread, waiting for Greg. I could see a stream of white oozing out from her.

Greg wasted no time getting going. He left his shirt on, pulled his pants down and climbed on top of Darlene in less time than it takes to tell about it. Immediately I could hear the sloppy sounds of Greg's cock pumping in and out of Darlene's cunt. He was grunting a little as he rode her, pumping up and down for all he was worth. Darlene didn't seem to mind that he was going so quickly. I heard her come again within a few seconds of Greg mounting her.

Greg rode her another couple of minutes before he exclaimed that he was going to come. By then I was getting half-hard again myself. 

Greg caught his breath and climbed off Darlene. As he climbed out of the back seat, Darlene sat up.

"I won't mind another go if you're okay with that?" I said.

Darlene looked at me, glanced at my cock, then smiled.

"Sure," she said, "I could go again!"

I climbed back onto the seat. As I got in, Darlene reached out and wrapped one hand around my cock. She looked at me, then started to lick and suck my cock. She paused for a moment and said,

"Let's see if we can get this really hard again before you fuck me for another couple of orgasms."

Darlene sucked me for couple of minutes, cupping my balls with one hand, stroking me while she licked and sucked my cock. She was right. In a couple of minutes I was rock hard again.

Darlene lay back down, opening her legs and inviting me to get on top of her. I pushed my cock inside her, feeling the come squish out of her, dripping down my balls as I started to ride her. Nothing like riding a well fucked cunt.

I wasn't too surprised that Darlene came again. I had figured out that she came quickly and often. She must have come three or four more times before I emptied my balls into her a second time. I was definitely smiling when I finished.

Greg was sitting in the driver's seat by then. Not really impatient, but definitely acting as if he was ready to call it a night. He didn't say anything, so Darlene started looking for her clothes. She said that she couldn't find her panties. The last I had seen the panties were kind of hanging around one of her ankles and there had been a lot of thrashing around since then. Even when Greg turned on the light, Darlene couldn't find her panties, so she pulled her shorts back on, along with the rest of her clothes and said that it was late enough that her parents would be asleep in bed. We took her home. 

I only saw Darlene once more that summer, at another party. I knew that she went out with Greg again once or twice, it was just that she and I never connected. At least not until the holidays. Then we managed to get together again.