 Read part 1 first where she shares a cab with Brad. Everyone is over 18 and any resemblance to real people is purely coincidental.

*

After a warn bath, Katie curled up in bed with a book and nodded off to sleep. The phone startled her. She looked at the clock. It was only eight PM. She picked up the phone from its cradle and groggily answered. 

"Hello Katie. It's Brad. Listen, a few friends are going to stop by my penthouse for a winter storm party. I thought you might like to join us. I can send a car by in say 30 minutes? It'll be fun." 

Katie didn't have to think very hard. Her body was already responding to the thought of spending more time with Brad. Just in case things got interesting, she stuffed her toothbrush, nightgown and a change of underwear into her oversized purse. 

His penthouse had a magnificent view of Central Park. There were a dozen or so people there. She recognized almost all of them, including several quite famous news reporters. Most of them were men. In fact, there was only one other female, a pretty blond that was a rising star at another network. 

"Hi Katie. My name is Diane. Welcome to the Big Apple. Brad tells me that you have a big career ahead of you." 

They drank and talked until Brad brought out a stash of weed. Katie had never tried marijuana, but didn't want to look like a party-pooper. Nothing happened at first. Then the room began to spin. Diane stood over Katie and tilted her head back. Their lips met. Diane blew smoke into Katie's mouth. Unable to breathe out, Katie inhaled. 

The shot of smoke was like a punch to the head. Her brain was spinning out of control. Diane held her lips to Katie's and shoved her tongue into her mouth. Katie had never kissed another girl, but she found herself responding. Everything was upside down and backwards. A hand touched her breast. Her blouse was pulled opened. 

Diane was no longer kissing her lips. She was sucking Katie's nipple. Someone else reached under her skirt and slid off her panties. Diane sat down and pulled off her own blouse and bra. She guided Katie's mouth to her nipple. Katie found herself sucking it between her lips as if another person was controlling her body. 

A cock slid between Diane's lips while Katie sucked her nipple. At the same time two fingers pushed into Katie's pussy. She knew this was all wrong but it didn't occur to her that she could stop it. It was like it her body was possessed. 

Grabbing onto the cock that she had been sucking, Diane slid down and kissed Katie on the lips. She guided the swollen head in between their open mouths. They continued to kiss while licking and sucking on the smooth skin of the knob pressed against their lips. Diane fed the hard meat into Katie's mouth and watched as the swollen shaft slowly disappeared through her open lips. 

Katie felt the hard flesh press against her tongue and push against the back of her mouth. She wasn't sure whose cock she was sucking, but she knew it didn't belong to Brad. Diane moved down her body until she was between Katie's legs. She felt shivers run up her body when Diane's eager tongue flicked across the wet folds of her pussy and over her hard clit. 

The cock in her mouth slid in and out faster and faster. She felt a pair of hands grab her head and move it back and forth on the protrusion that was fucking her face. Diane pushed two fingers up Katie's cunt as she continued to lick her pussy. Katie was confused from everything that was happening to her, but her body craved it. 

The cock fucking her mouth pulled out. Her head was turned in the other direction and a second cock slid between her lips. Out of the corner of her eye Katie watched Brad get behind Diane and plow his large cock into her pussy. Diane rubbed a finger across Katie's rosebud and continued pressing until it slipped inside her tight passage. Katie tensed at the sudden but not unpleasant intrusion into forbidden territory. 

Katie's entire body tingled with desire. The feel of hard flesh sliding across her tongue only added to the exotic sensation surging through her loins. Her body tensed. She could not hold back the rush of pleasure that exploded from her pussy. The scream was muffled against the cock in her mouth. 

Diane licked up the juices from her gushing cunt. Her finger continued to dig around inside Katie's ass. A secondary explosion gripped Katie expelling even more pussy juice into Diane's mouth. The cock fell from her mouth as she gasped for air. Her body slowly recovered, but her mind was still in a fog from the mixture of marijuana and sexual intoxication. 

Katie felt her body being turned until she was on her knees facing the back of the couch. Someone stepped up behind her and slipped a cock into her dripping pussy, driving it deep into her belly. She had no idea who was fucking her. It didn't seem to matter anymore. She was overcome with reckless and uncontrollable lust. 

Brad stepped in front of her and dangled his huge cock in her face. She looked up at him briefly with glazed eyes before wrapping her lips around his thickness. A strong taste of Diane's freshly fucked pussy filled Katie's mouth. 

The cock fucking Katie pounded up into her body again and again. The hard meat in her mouth added to the pleasure. It was the first time Katie had two cocks inside her at the same time. Breaking another taboo made her feel sensual and excited. Another explosion was slowly building in her loins. 

Across the room a naked Diane was on a table with her legs pulled up and her head bent back over the side. A cock pounded into her cunt on one side of the table. Two cocks dangled in her face from the other side and took turns fucking her mouth. Their owners squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples. 

Brad switched places with the person fucking Katie. She quickly sucked the hard meat dripping with her juices into her mouth and, for the first time, tasted her own pussy. Another orgasm rocked her body. A piercing scream filled the air. 

Katie looked up and saw the cock in Diane's pussy pull out and press against her asshole. It slowly stretched open until the head popped inside. Katie watched in amazement as it slowly disappeared into Diane's dark passage. While Diane was getting ass fucked, cum began to pour out from the corners of her cock filled mouth and run down her face. A third cock sprayed hot cream all over her tits.

Brad slammed his cock into Katie's cunt hard, driving it deeper than it had ever been. The first jet of hot cum sprayed into her belly. He pulled out and slammed into her again filling her pussy with another flood of his creamy seed. Katie's pussy quivered and gushed with another orgasm. Cum and pussy juice leaked from her cunt and streamed down her thighs. 

She felt the cock in her mouth swell and her head forced down, driving it into the entrance to her throat. A thick stream of cum almost choked her. The cock fell from her mouth and sprayed up the side of her face and into her hair. Another jet splashed across her nose and forehead. Katie coughed. Cum from her lips. 

Katie sat back on the couch feeling temporarily satisfied. The buzz from the weed was still spinning through her head. It hadn't really dawned on her what she had done. She only knew that it felt good. She also felt an intense tingling between her legs and knew she would want more when she regained some energy. 

Diane walked over and kissed Katie. They shared the residual taste of cum still clinging to their tongues and lips. Diane pushed her back on the couch and climbed on top. With her face just above Katie's drenched pussy, Diane swung her leg over Katie's head. She clamped her lips around Katie's swollen plum and plunged her tongue into her creamy chamber.

Katie stared at Diane's sweet pussy poised just above her face. It was neatly trimmed with a small strip of curls just above her slit. The moist petals of her pink folds peeked out from the gash down the middle of her swollen mound. She was intoxicated by the strong smell emanating from Diane's sexual plum. 

The tongue and fingers probing Katie's body filled her with an insatiable desire to do the same to her partner. She moved her mouth towards the object of her lust. Her tongue licked the pink folds and swollen clit. Katie pressed her lips to Diane's puffy mound and kissed her first pussy. Her tongue pushed into the juicy opening.

Diane pressed down on Katie's mouth and squirmed against her probing tongue. She shoved two fingers into Katie's steamy chamber and sucked on her clit. After digging them around inside her, Diane pulled her juicy fingers from Katie's cunt and rubbed them across her asshole. The tip of her middle finger pressed against Katie's tight opening until it wielded to the pressure.

Katie gasped from the invasion of her private area. The pressure from Diane's finger was incredible. It felt so good pushing up her ass, but she couldn't imagine something the size of a man's penis in there. She spread Diane's rounded cheeks and stared at the tiny rosebud that had recently swallowed a hard cock. It just didn't seem possible.

Katie tensed when she felt a second finger enter her asshole. Diane was gentle. Slowly Katie stretched and adjusted until the pressure turned to pleasure. Lost in a sea of lust, Katie didn't consider it at all strange when a hard cock pressed against her lips at the entrance to Diane's pussy. She swirled her tongue around the swollen knob just before it disappeared between the juicy pink folds.

Only inches in front of her face, Katie watched the swollen cock slide in and out of Diane's steamy fuck hole. The swollen flesh of his manhood glistened with pussy juice. This image, combined with the smell and taste of sex, added to the already raging lust that had kidnapped Katie's senses and turned her body into a playground of passion.

The cock fucking Diane's pussy pulled out and pressed against Katie's lips. She opened her mouth and felt it slide over her tongue. She licked and swallowed the juices coating the hard flesh before guiding it back between the open petals at the entrance to Diane's juicy chamber, and watched it slowly disappear.

Diane pounded her two fingers in and out of Katie's asshole, going faster and faster and digging them around inside her tight opening. Her other hand frantically rubbed two fingers across Katie's swollen clit. The sensations flowing through her body were more than Katie could stand. She arched her back and cried out. Diane clamped her lips around Katie's mound and sucked the flood of cunt juice that poured into her mouth.

Before she could recover her senses, something hard and warm pressed against the opening to Katie's asshole. It stretched her tight orifice until the large bulb penetrated her forbidden passage. The pressure was almost unbearable and quickly snapped Katie back to reality.

"No... please... oh god... it's too big..."

Her plea was ignored. The hard shaft of flesh pushed deeper into her bowels causing Katie's entire body to tense. Just when she began to adjust to the pressure, the cock in her ass would sink even deeper. This continued until the entire length was buried up her dark tunnel. After several seconds it began to move.

Slowly and miraculously the unbearable pressure turned into a pleasant and sensual throb. The hard cock up her ass moved faster and deeper. Trapped in a stream of passion, Katie lifted her face and licked Diane's clit. The tip of her tongue touched the hard meat that was pounding in and out of Diane's cunt. The taste of pussy coated her lips and filled her mouth.

She could see the veins bulging from the swollen flesh that was fucking Diane. She watched the shaft grow thicker and drive deep into her hot chamber. A loud grunt from its owner signaled the first explosion of cum into her friend's belly. The spewing cock pulled out and slammed back in again and again until it was coated with a thick cream that trickled down into Katie's mouth.

Diane screamed. An orgasm ripped through her body. The cock that had been fucking Diane pulled out from her cunt dripping cum and cunt juice across Katie's face. In an act of shameless lust, Katie clamped her mouth over Diane's quivering plum and sucked the creamy filling from her body.

A second cock quickly slid deep into Diane's drenched pussy. It pumped in and out of her swollen peach until the hard flesh was covered with juices still swirling around inside her cunt. Katie watched the long shaft pull out of Diane's dripping chamber and press against the opening to her asshole. Diane's tight orifice easily swallowed the swollen knob and meaty shaft until it had disappeared inside her body.

While she was getting her ass fucked, Diane pumped two fingers in and out of Katie's cunt and sucked on her clit. The swollen protrusion up Katie's ass continued to pound her body again and again. Everything was out of control, but Katie just wanted more and more. Jets of warm semen pumped into her anal orifice. Another explosion rocked her body. Seconds later she watched Diane's ass get filled with hot cum.

The two girls sat up on the couch and kissed like two lovers. Katie's head was spinning out of control. She wanted to do all kinds of nasty and forbidden things to Diane, but instead felt her body being pulled into someone's lap. Her pussy was quickly filled with another hard cock. Next to her Diane climbed onto someone else and drove her pussy down onto his hard meat. 

The two girls continued to kiss while riding the cocks stuffed up their cunts. Katie felt her cheeks being spread. Another thick shaft pressed its large head against her asshole. Before she could react it was inside her. She looked over at Diane and saw the same thing happen to her. 

Two more cocks were shoved in their faces from the other side of the couch. Katie and Diane opened their mouths and sucked the two fleshy protrusions between their lips like babies being offered a pacifier. Katie now had her body stuffed full of three cocks at the same time. She tried to concentrate on the one in her mouth, but the pressure and pounding from the other two fucking her pussy and ass made it hard to concentrate. 

Diane seemed to be doing a better job of handling all three. The cock Diane was sucking erupted and spilled a flood of hot cum into her mouth. Diane pulled Katie's face to hers and kissed her, feeding cum into Katie's mouth with her tongue. Sharing a mouthful of cum with Diane brought Katie to the limits of sensuality and shamelessness.

With the pressure of two cocks pounding her pussy and ass, Katie's body jerked and twisted in a powerful orgasm. Seconds later, the cock up her ass swelled and exploded, filling her bowels with hot cum. Another orgasm gripped Katie and sent her head spinning as she gasped for air.

Katie felt something warm splash against the side of her face. Still in the throes of orgasm, Katie turned her head and received a second blast of hot cream across her nose and forehead. She just managed to get her lips around the spewing cock when the hard meat stuffed up her cunt drove deep into her belly and erupted, filling her steamy chamber full of more thick cream.

Katie's orgasm peaked yet again. Her pussy quivered with one spasm after another. Desperate gasps and moans were interspersed with screams of pleasure as cum dripped from her lips. Her lifeless body finally flopped down on the couch drained of energy and barely conscious. Through a fog she could feel Diane's mouth between her legs licking her pussy clean of its creamy filling.

When she had finished sucking the juicy mixture from Katie's cunt, Diane climbed on top of Katie and kissed her. The creamy treat drooled from Diane's lips into Katie's mouth. They continued to kiss and share while they fondled, stroked and probed each other's body with their hands and fingers. 

Diane lit some weed and handed it to Katie. There was something different about this one. It was much stronger and went right to her head. The whole room became distorted. It was like a dream only every nerve ending was alive. Her nipples felt like they were going to explode, and her pussy throbbed with a desire to be filled.

Diane took Katie by the hand and led her back to the bedroom. Katie was immediately sandwiched between two men. A hard slab of meat pressed against her swollen pussy and split it open, slipping deep into her body. Behind her Katie felt the large knob of a second cock probe her tight opening. She gasped when it popped into her scooter and buried its length up her ass.

Katie's feet lifted off the ground as the two cocks fucked her pussy and ass. She wrapped her arms and legs around the person in front of her for support. Two hands crushed her tits and pulled on her sensitive nipples. Another orgasm ripped through Katie's pussy causing cunt juice to gush all over the cock that was fucking her.

Katie was still trying to catch her breath when she felt an explosion of hot cum shoot up into her ass. When he pulled out, Katie got slammed up against the wall still suspended in the air with her arms and legs wrapped around her fuck partner. He pounded his cock into her hard and fast driving her up the side of the wall. She screamed and dug her fingernails into his shoulder when another orgasm exploded from her belly.

She was still screaming when a river of hot cream flooded her cunt. He pulled out. Katie slid down the wall until she was sitting on the floor. She could feel the fluids oozing from her body until she was sitting in a puddle of cum and cunt juice. The cock that had been fucking her dangled in her face. She licked and sucked it clean.

Over on the bed Diane was lying on her back with her legs pulled back. Brad, who was underneath her, had his cock up her ass. Another guy was on top and fucking her pussy. Katie straddled Diane's face and lowered her cunt. Diane pushed two fingers up Katie's ass while she licked and sucked her pink fruit. Katie leaned forward and licked Diane's clit, running her tongue over the cock sliding in and out of her pussy.

Diane pulled her fingers from Katie's ass and flicked her tongue across the tight pink rosebud between her cheeks. This was another new sensation for Katie. Her pussy quivered. Diane used her thumb to rub Katie's clit while she continued to lick her asshole. It was more than Katie could take. Diane clamped her lips around Katie's gushing cunt and swallowed the juices that poured into her mouth.

Katie was trying to catch her breath when the cock fucking Diane swelled. She could see the veins pulse as hot semen poured into Diane's body. When it had run out of ammunition, the cock popped out of Diane's cunt trailing a string of cum. Katie put her mouth on Diane's swollen sex and licked the creamy treat from her steamy chamber.

Just below her face, Katie could see Brad's cock sliding in and out of Diane's tight asshole. She dribbled cum and pussy juice from her lips onto his hard meat and watched it spread into Diane's dark tunnel. Brad picked up the pace going faster and faster. At last he thrust his cock deep into her bowels and grunted. Katie put her hand under his balls. She could feel cum pulsing through his scrotum on the way to her asshole.

Between the weed she had smoked and the intoxication of the sex, Katie had become a shameless fuck machine. Over the next hour they were fucked repeatedly in the pussy ass and mouth by one cock after another until cum was oozing from their bodies and splattered all over their face, hair and tits. They licked each other clean and kissed like two lovers, sharing the fruits of their passion.

They took another break and smoked more rope. Diane gave Katie a pill which sent her spinning into another world. The rest of the night was a blur of cocks and pussy and cum filling her body and splattering across her face and tits. Drained of al energy, Katie could feel the walls closing in and drifted off into darkness.
