 I have a new online Master named the Professor, and for my first assignment, he wanted to do an offshoot of the movie, "Driving Miss Daisy", and call it "Driving slut sinnndy". I was to pick my fiancé Billy or my girlfriend Jodi as my driver, and would have three different locations to perform my task. One location was at a shopping mall, the second, a busy street or intersection, and the third, was to be a place of my choosing. I was to perform a striptease in the back of the car hoping to lure three unlikely candidates into the backseat for a chance of a lifetime with a hot young slut.

Jodi and I decided that Saturday would work best for the two of us. One of Jodi's friends was a chauffer and was the same size as Jodi and lent us her outfit. We took Jodi's SUV since the seats went down just in case some extra space was needed. Since it was very cold outside, I decided on a still sexy, but warm outfit. I had on a very tight and short red sweater, which showed off my abs, and a pair of tight, yet easy enough to remove jeans. My undergarment attire was a black push up bra and a pair of sexy, lacy black thong panties. I took my short black boots off and had on red socks.

We decided to hit the mall first and headed out to Northbrook Court. On the drive, I decided to start my strip routine. I wanted to make sure of a couple of things, for one, I did not want to expose children to nudity, although to me, there is nothing wrong with the naked body and we Americans are way too uptight about things. I also wanted to try my best to not pick out a married man. Now of course, that would be a very hard task to do, but I had a couple of ideas. No mini vans or family type SUV's, and I would look for single guy kinds of cars like sports cars or pickup trucks for example. I would also try to check out the man's ring finger when we got to the mall. 

We ended up at a stoplight next to a grayish haired man with a mustache. I glanced over to and gave him a kissing motion with my lips. I then took my sweater off and bunched my breasts together and started fondling them. I then took the bra off but kept my hands on my nipples, hiding them, until the light turned green and I removed my hands giving him a full look at my breasts. We then slowly started driving, hoping that he would keep up with us, but I think he was scared because he started driving really slowly. We really didn't find another good candidate on the rest of the trip to the mall.

We drove around the parking lot looking for a good candidate. Along the way, I flashed my breasts at a couple of older women and couples. We then spotted a beat up red pickup truck driving around the outer ring. Jodi pulled around to his driver side and I started my strip tease, first taking off my top and showing him my bra. I suggestively blew kisses to him as I removed my bra and shoved my breasts into the cold window. I then pulled back to get a good look at him, he was in his late 30's to mid 40, medium long brown hair with hints of gray and a big bushy mustache. He looked like he was a construction worker or some kind of man who worked with his hands. He couldn't take his eyes off of me as I pulled down my pants and stuck my pantied butt into the window. He was mine, so I decided to stop stripping and lower my window prompting him to do the same.

"Hey baby", he called to me in a gruff voice. "Why are you driving me crazy like that? Are you teasing me, or are you for real?" He inquired. I replied, "pull over, park your car and get inside of mine, and I will show you that I mean business." He pulled into a parking spot, got out of his car and climbed into the backseat of Jodi's SUV. He wasn't bad looking, about 6-2 and 250 pounds, not in the greatest shape. He was wearing a dirty workers jacket with a hooded sweatshirt underneath, and his hands were a bit dirty.

"I'm sinnndy, this is my driver Jodi, and this is your lucky day", I said to him. He replied, "My name is Jim, so what happens next?" "Well Jim", I said, you get to do whatever is your biggest fantasy to me". Jim thought about it for a while and then asked, "anything?" I replied, "anything that we can do in the back of this SUV". He thought about it some more, and finally said, "well, I have always wanted to try anal sex with a woman, but since I'm kind of big and really wide, I have never had a women let me yet". "Well Jim", I replied, "this truly is your lucky day, because anal is my favorite thing to do, and I have taken in some large men in my time. 

All this time, Jodi is driving around the outer drive of the mall, and i'm sitting there wearing just panties and socks. I told Jim to just relax and do whatever he would normally do to his girlfriend, wife, whatever. He quickly got out of his clothes, he wasn't kidding about his cock, it was about 8" long and nearly as wide as my wrist. I leaned over and kissed him, then taking his cock in my hand and lightly stroking him. He was a pretty good kisser and seemed to gain confidence as he started fondling my breasts with his rough hands. His cock was rock hard now and had gotten even wider, this was going to be a little bit of a challenge, but I like challenges.

I started licking the head of his cock, teasing his peehole and then circling the outer head with the tip of my tongue. I then pushed his cock into my stretched mouth and slowly devoured him until I hit rock bottom. I love staying all the way down on a cock while licking him from the inside of my mouth and working him with my throat, makes 'em crazy. I sucked him for a little while and made a conscious decision that I wanted him to last longer in my ass, so I was going to make him cum first by means of my oral talents.

When I want a man to cum fast, I can, and i did so my sucking him hard while stroking his shaft with a twisting motion. About 5 minutes of this procedure was all it took as he blasted a creamy load into my mouth. I eased up a bit on his cock with my stroking while continuing to lick his shaft until he was good and hard. I made sure his cock was full of saliva and slipped off my thong. Since we were in a vehicle, i laid down flat on my tummy, and stuck my tush a little bit up in the air. Give it to me Jimmy, and give it to me hard, don't worry, I can take it." He placed the head of his cock at my backdoor and started pushing in slowly. To show him that I meant business, I pushed my ass back into him hard, causing his wide cock to go balls deep into my rectum. 

He stayed buried in me for about 10 seconds, I think partly in shock, and partly feeling this new sensation. He started going in and out of my ass at a slow pace, causing me to yell out, "c'mon Jim, fuck my ass like you would a pussy, I need it, please". That did the trick; he started fucking me at a faster pace, his big belly slamming into my butt cheeks filling the SUV with the sounds of smashing flesh. His wide cock felt soooo good in my ass, stretching it wider than it had been stretched in quite some time. "Spank me Jim, pull my hair, fuck meeeeeee hardddddd", I screamed at him. He got the point and took a strong grip of my hair, pulling my head back, as we stuck our tongues into each other's mouths. 

Jim's wide cock was really giving my asshole a workout, but I loved every second of it. My idea to make him blow a load first was also paying off, as Jim seemed to be lasting forever. I was helping him last longer by reaching between my legs and toying with his balls, occasionally giving them a gentle squeeze to help him last. Alas, all good things must cum to an end, as Jim groaned and then called out that he was coming. He wanted to know where I wanted him to cum, and i told him to fill my ass with his love juice. He obeyed and filled me up with his jism, collapsing on top of me with his cock still buried in my ass. When he finally caught his breath, he pulled his softening cock out of my ass, and I cleaned him off with a damp towel that I had brought along for the occasion. We both got dressed and Jodi drove us back to his car. He asked me if we could see each other again and I explained to him that I was seeing someone else and that this had just been something that I always had wanted to do, and that my man was ok with this. I gave him a big hug and a kiss, and he got out of our SUV and into his truck as we drove off to the next part of the assignment.

The next part of the assignment was to drive around in busy traffic seeking a lucky person. I had already done the pickup truck man, so I was looking for a different kind of vehicle. At every stoplight whenever there were adults in the vehicle, I would either flash my breasts or my thong pantied ass, the looks on these people’s faces were priceless, mostly shock, and some horror. We were laughing hard in the SUV each time someone looked wide eyed at my show. I finally found my next mark, a bald man in an older Honda Accord who looked to be in his early 50's. We pulled to his side at a stoplight and I started my routine, showing him my bra, and then taking the bra off with my hands covering my breasts, and finally, my bare breasts. He didn't try to look away or look shocked, he just smiled, waved and grinned. We drove side by side with our windows down.

"Hey", I yelled to the man, "do you want to get lucky?" He smiled and said, "Are you for real, or just pulling my leg?" I told him to pull into the upcoming strip mall parking lot if he really wanted to find out. He pulled ahead of us and parked in the lot, got out and joined me in the back of Jodi's SUV. His name was Rich; an average looking balding man with grayish hair, whatever was left of it. He was about 5-8 and maybe 140 pounds, thin but not really in any kind of shape and certainly not an athlete. He was a divorced father of three, and hadn't had sex in 4 years, his ex wife being the only woman he had ever had sex with,

This was his lucky day, he was going to have his best sexual experience and with a hot, tight young thing with a talented tongue. Of course, after this experience, anything in the future would pale in comparison, but on the other hand, not that many men are lucky enough to be with a wild child like myself.

I helped Rich off with his clothes and got naked myself. I told him to lean back and let sinnndy do all the work, but also told him to do anything that he had dreamed of doing, but never got the chance. He had a little cock, when hard, it barely made it to 5", but it was cute nonetheless. I started stroking his shaft gently with one hand while my other hand caressed his balls and tickled them. His eyes were closed and he had a pleased look on his face as I started licking his shaft all over while still playing with his balls. I then went to work on the head of his cock, teasing him with the tip of my tongue as I continued stroking him. He announced to me that his wife had never sucked his cock, that this was his first time. That announcement made me really hot and horny, so I swallowed his cock whole and licked his balls with my tongue, causing him to squirm in pleasure underneath me. I then went back to licking and sucking on his cock as I wanted this to really last and be memorable for him.

I started licking and sucking on his balls, causing him to moan loudly and start to squirm again. I switched back and forth between his testicles, first licking one and then popping it into my mouth, gently sucking on it. His eyes were closed again and he had a huge smile on his face and I started licking my way down the passage from his balls to his ass as i stroked his cock firmly. I lightly touched his asshole, as I waited for his reaction. He moaned so I went for more, first circling his hole and then darting my tongue in and out, which was driving him crazy. I slowly licked my way back to his balls, and then up his shaft, swallowing it whole and then bobbing my head up and down while stroking his shaft with a twisting motion. It took about a minute of good old-fashioned sucking to get him off. He tried to pull away, but I wouldn't let him as he shot a little wad of cream into my mouth, landing on my tongue. I opened my mouth to show him his wad on my tongue, and then swallowed, bringing a big smile to his face.

He thanked me over and over again, and I told him we were only beginning and started stroking and licking his cock until he was hard. I then placed my pussy over his cock, and slowly dropped my weight onto him, burying his cock in my pussy. I started riding first slowly, and then started picking up steam as I reached back and toyed with his balls. I grabbed his hands and led them to my breasts, which he started fondling and playing with. I then got of off him and repositioned myself so that I was on my back with my legs spread wide open. He crawled on top of me and I led his cock to my wet and waiting hole. He started going in and out at a very slow pace, and I instructed him on how to fuck a woman. I taught him how to move his hips around and when and how to change speed. I also told him to listen to his women's sounds, when to speed up and when to slow down. He was an eager learner and picked things up fast. He started pumping in and out at a fast pace, got that look on his face and blew his load into my pussy, finally collapsing on top of me.

We took a little break and I gave him some tips on pleasing women, including how to eat pussy, which he quickly caught onto and gave me my first orgasm of the day. He was hard again and I asked him if he had ever had anal sex, which of course he told me no. I asked if he was interested and he wasn't really sure. I told him that he might never get the chance again, so he said, "why not". I laid down on my tummy and told him about lube and going slow and easy at first, which he did as he pushed his cock into my waiting asshole. I purposely kept my sphincter tight so he could feel the pressure of going into an unready asshole. I quickly loosened up and had him start out at a slow pace at first, then followed by a quicker and faster pace.

He commented on the different feel, that it felt a little slimier in my ass, which I have heard before, but he also commented that he really liked anal. He pumped me pretty hard for about five minutes as I reached between my legs to play with my pussy and his swinging balls. He finally grunted and filled me with his cum, again collapsing on top of me. 

I cleaned his cock with another wet towel and then we got dressed and talked some more about sex and what to do and not to do. He asked if he could see me again, and I explained that this was a one-time thing. He was still happy and thanked me over and over again as Jodi pulled into the parking lot. I kissed him on the lips; he got out and got into his car as we drove off.

We then went to a sushi restaurant for lunch and had a couple of cold ones. While dining, Jodi and I threw out some ideas for our last route, and came up with a great idea, but more about that later. After lunch we got back in the car and drove of to our next destination. On the way there we hit a stoplight and a car pulled to my side, I looked in and there were three young men. I flashed my breasts and then shot them a thong-pantied moon, causing them to honk their horn. We drove off, but quickly hit another light and they pulled next to us with their window down. I lowered my window and they were all talking at once, complimenting me and asking if I wanted to get lucky. I asked them how old they were, and they all replied 18. I told them that if they could all prove it, that I would rock their worlds. They led us to a side street and got out of their car into Jodi's SUV. They showed me their drivers licenses, everything looked Kosher, they were all 18 and high school students at Highland Park High School.

The driver, Mike was tall, athletic and good looking, about 6 feet with sandy blond hair and a nicely chiseled and lean body. Dave was short, about my height and weight, average looking with dark brown hair and a nice build. Louie was Italian with very good looks, about 5-8 and also a nice athletic body. I knew this wasn't part of the assignment, but what the hell, I considered it extra credit. Dave was the only virgin in the group, Mike had been with two women and Louie was the stud in the group. I told them to undress as I took off the rest of my clothes, as they just stared at my toned body. Louie was naked first and sport a nice 8" cock. Mike was next and had about 7" of young steel; Dave on the other hand was less than 6", but nicely thick for a smaller cock.

I started sucking Louie's cock while switching off stroking the other two cocks. I then sucked on Dave's cock and finally Mike's until they were all hard and ready. I wanted to break Dave's cherry, so I had him lay down and I crawled on top and lowered my pussy on his cock. I rode him slowly and started swiching off sucking Louie and Mike's cocks while stroking the cock I wasn't sucking. I could tell Louie was experience because he grabbed the back of my head and tried to shove his cock deep into my throat. I pretended to fight him making him think I couldn't take it as he started applying more pressure to my head and told me to suck his cock calling me a slut. I was turned on, young Dave was thrusting up into my pussy while groping my breasts as I stroked Mike, and fought off Louie.

Louie put his other hand on the back of my head, and when he did that, I purposely swallowed his cock whole, my nose in his pubes. "Holy shit, she swallowed my cock, no broad has ever been able to do that", he said in disbelief. I shocked him even further as he felt my tongue sneak out to wash his balls while he held my head in place, his cock buried in my throat. "The little slut was playing with me", he added. "Smart boy", I thought to myself as he started sliding his cock in and out of my throat as I let him do all the work.

I pulled his cock out of my mouth and said, "time out boys. It's time for a position switch". It would be cramped, but it was big enuf in the back to pull this off as I laid on my back and had Dave mount me, placing Louie and Mike on either side of me with their knees on each side of my head. Dave mounted me and entered my pussy, slamming away at it as I took turns again sucking on one cock while stroking the other. Dave didn't last too long, but blew a nice wad in my pussy, and then got off. Mike took his place putting my legs on his shoulders and sliding his cock deep into my messy pussy and off he went. Louie straddled my face with his ass facing away from my body as he wedged his cock into my mouth as I started licking and sucking his balls. He wanted things rough, so I tried to show who was in control by sucking a little harder on his balls. He showed me who was the boss by pinching and pulling hard on my nipples, causing me to suck gently on his balls. "That's it slut, I'm in charge here" he said as he buried his cock into my throat as his buddy plowed my pussy and Dave watched on.

I made a reaching motion with a free hand until Dave came over and I started stroking his cock to hardness again. Louie then commanded me to lick his asshole, and being the submissive that I am, I did as I was told. I started licking his ass as he sat down harder on my face. I stuck my tongue deep into his hairy ass as he started gyrating his hips, trying to get me in deeper. He then pulled off and buried his cock back into my mouth. I could hear Mike groan and then felt a shot of cum deep in my pussy. When Mike moved away, Louie announced that it was his turn as he pulled out of my mouth. He had me turn around and go on my hands and knees, then slamming his cock deep into my pussy and stayed there for a while. He then started fucking hard, and then slow, then he would pull out for a couple of seconds until I begged him to give me his cock. "That's better slut", he said and then slammed his way back inside me. He really kept me off guard, slowing down, speeding up, slapping my ass and pulling my hair when I didn't expect. For 18, hell, for any age, Louie was great.
