 I got to be pretty good friends with Julia after we were together at a couple of Lindsey's parties. That playroom of Lindsey's is pretty awesome I gotta say, and if Ronnie and I ever get a bigger house we're putting one in for sure.

Julia, she's kind of a wild child. I guess you could say that about me too, and for both of us it was Steve that switched on the 'go' button. Our quiet, sorta boring lives went blammo when we met him, and I think we got a kinship/sisterhood kinda thing because of the similarities of what happened to us, plus we just love sex and we can make each other cum like you wouldn't believe. The two of us together with no clothes on? Get that fire extinguisher ready, because it's smoking hot. Ronnie loves getting together with her. He says it's the best three-ways he's ever had.

It's kinda interesting that we're such good friends, because she's so educated and I'm not, as I'm sure you can tell from reading this. She writes these awesome children's books, they're so cool I can't even begin to tell you, and now she's working on an adult novel with sex and stuff in it and the little bits she's shown me are like poetry. She's just a real artist with words.

So she calls me last winter and asks me if I wanna go to Miami with her. I say 'holy fuck yes' and then reality sinks in that it's gonna be expensive. She says all I need is the plane ticket and everything else is covered. Ronnie felt bad and said he had some money stashed for a rainy day, so we split it—I got my plane ticket and he got a new TV for his football games.

"I want you to have a good time down there," he said when I was packing up. "I know how you and Julia are. Cut loose and have fun. Just don't get arrested and don't bring home any diseases."

So the trip's a writer's conference for the children's book thing. She figured I could work on my tan while she did a few of the seminar things, and there'd be plenty of time for the two of us to blow off plenty of steam, if you get my drift. I was hoping maybe we could meet up with Steve on his boat, but the timing didn't work out, so it was just me and Julia, taking on Miami in our hottest bikini's.

The funny thing was, it turns out Miami's like the hot bikini capitol of the freaking universe, so we were like a drop in the bucket, which was pretty funny. We thought we were gonna parade around the beach and collect hot men with our little bikinis on our forty-something bodies, but holy shit, the women down there! We were like completely invisible out on the fancy beaches.

The good news was, the writer's conference people turned out to be a total hoot! We partied our freaking asses off at the hotel and at the pool. Julia was totally amazed by it and said she'd never seen it like that before, but I got it on pretty good authority, from a couple of people that have been to a lot of those conferences, that it was Julia (and me I guess) that was the catalyst for all the fun we had. (Did you notice how I used the word 'catalyst' in there? And how I'm using these parenthesis? All my new writer friends from down there'll be proud of me.)

There was this one guy in particular that started the whole ball rolling. Julia told me about him on the plane ride down. She said she sees him at those conferences now and then, and all the women always hit on him but he never takes the bait and he ends up hanging out with her. Now the 'her' she's talking about is the old her, the virgin (can you imagine?) with the crazy bad looking long hair and the horrible clothes. So going down this time with me she was really nervous about seeing him. I could tell she was hoping he'd be there, and I was to. I was dying to see how he'd react to the 'new' Julia.

We didn't have wait long to find out, and it was pretty funny. He was in front of the airport loading his luggage into a cab when we got there. Julia pinched me and I stopped and watched when she said hello to him.

"Hi Rick," she said. "It's nice to see you here again."

He turned to see who was talking to him and he just stood there, like he didn't know what the fuck was going on. Totally jumbled his head was. Julia just waited, her mouth curling up slowly into a little smile. Rick actually dropped the bag he was holding. It was so awesome I just wanted to bust out laughing, just from the sheer joy of it all.

Just to set the picture a little bit, Julia was dressed pretty sexy, like she pretty much does all the time these days, in a short little summer dress. She was bra-less, with some nice cleavage showing, and she had her hair cut and highlighted right before we left by that genius that does her. She looked super hot, and her sexy little black glasses just take it all up a notch too. Rick didn't know what hit him.

"Julia?" he said, all flustered like. "That can't be you. Can it?"

"How've you been Rick," she said, all sexy like. "I'd like you to meet my friend Kathy."

That was my cue. "Hi Rick," I said, tryin' to be sexy too. "Julia's told me a lot about you."

So I guess I'll tell you what I was wearing even though Julia stole the show. I had on a pair of those capri pants, real tight ones, sorta like spandexie kinda stuff that showed off my yoga ass real good, and a little button up shirt that form fits to my tits nice, with little shirt tails that look cute. I started out with a little bra, but when I saw Julia at the airport without one I took mine off too and stuffed it in my purse. I hate to sound conceited and say I looked hot, but I'm pretty sure I did. That's what I was going for anyway.

"Nice to meet you Kathy," he said, and his bag slipped again and he dropped it.

Rick was real cute. Sorta conservative hair and clothes, but cute sorta stylish glasses and real nice eyes. His smile reminded me of Steve a little bit, real friendly looking. The best part was the bod though—tall and slim, with big shoulders and nice big hands. All the fumbling he was doing with his bags gave me a pretty good look at his ass too, and it was very promising.

We all shared the cab, with Rick in the middle, and by the time we got to the hotel his cock was hard in his pants. We didn't touch him or anything, just being so close to our jiggly tits I guess is what did it.

Julia was over the moon about that, making him get hard and all. She couldn't really say anything because we were all at the check-in desk together, and we rode the elevator together, but when we got into our room she looked like a teenaged girl who just got a date with Justin Beiber or something.

"This is unbelievable," she said, trying to snap her mind in focus. "What do we do now?"

"You fuck the shit out of him, that's what you do now," I said.

"I don't know," she said. "He's always been standoffish to women hitting on him here."

"You shoulda blown him right there in the cab," I said, and Julia laughed.

There was a welcome dinner for participants and guests, so we went down to that. We wore little cocktail dresses (with no bras of course) and high heeled shoes. Everybody was looking at Julia, coming over and saying hello, trying to act natural. A few said they liked her new look, but a few of the women seemed put off by it, sorta jealous I guess. 

Of course Rick joined us right away, and we sat with him and a few other fun people, two women and a guy. I'd say the women outnumbered the men ten to one or more, so it was nice to have two of the guys at our table. We had a nice dinner with lots of laughs, and I talked the three of them into having a swim with us in the pool. The waiter told us there was an indoor one that didn't get much use, so we found it on our way to our room and told them we'd meet up there in half-an-hour. Up in our room I called Ronnie, because I started feeling a little guilty about what might happen.

"Hey baby, what's up?" I said.

"Got an emergency call from Ellie Weeks," he said. "Her garage door popped off the tracks and she was worried about it fallin' on her car. It's like a hundred-thousand dollar Mercedes or somethin'. We're just gettin' it fixed up now."

"Oh you got Stevie there with ya?" I asked.

"Yeah, it was a two man job. Pretty heavy stuff," he said.

"Ellie's husband there?" I asked.

"No baby, he's out of town," he said.

"Oh good, I feel better now," I said. "Julia and I are gonna try and get four people drunk and naked, and I was feelin' a little guilty with you not bein' here, but it sounds like you guys got a good night ahead of you too."

"We'll see baby. She's dressed sexy, so I'm thinkin' you're probably right," he said. "I gotta go, Steve needs my help. You have fun, all right? Call me tomorrow and tell me all about it. Love you baby."

Sometimes I have to pinch myself, what with being in an open marriage to an awesome husband and all. Life is good, you know what I mean?

So Julia and I put on our sexiest little string bikinis and went down to the pool. It wasn't a real big one, and there were some tread mills and other machines in there too, but we had the place all to ourselves. The younger girl, Barb, she was probably in her mid-thirties, she had a bikini on, but a real conservative one, not stringy at all. The older girl, Lisa, she was a little older than us, maybe fifty, and she had on a real ugly one-piece suit, like something they'd sell at an old lady store. Neither one of them was a fitness freak—they were a little dumpy and mushy, and white as white can be.

The guys were kinda hot though. I already told you about Rick, but with his bathing suit on it was all much more clear. Nice muscular shoulders, some salt-and-pepper grey hair on his chest, and real nice legs, slender but still muscular, if you know what I mean. His bathing suit was too short for today, sorta old fashioned I guess is what I'm saying, but it made his nice ass look very nice indeed. And Bob, the other guy, he didn't bring a bathing suit, so he just took off his pants and jumped in the water in his boxer shorts. His hair was all grey but he didn't look real old, maybe fifty, with a real handsome face. He had a decent body, but nothing to write home about.

So up in the room Julia told me she didn't want to be too pushy with these folks. She didn't want to come off as promiscuous with her colleagues, which I can understand. We decided we'd try and get some drinking going and hopefully the bathing suits would come off sorta natural like.

So I walked over to the bar, which was kinda fun. Everybody's dressed in there of course, and I walk in in my tiny little bikini. Heads were swiveling at me from all directions, and it was such a rush I think I'm gonna have to do that kinda thing more often. I asked the cute bartender if he could pour a whole bottle of tequila into six plastic cups, and he set me up nice with a plastic tray and a bunch of lime slices and a salt shaker, and he charged it to our room. I felt sexy as fuck walking outta there holding that tray, swinging my ass like a son-of-a-bitch.

Back at the pool the booze went down wicked easy. I think our four friends were really hungry for a wild time—I got the feeling it was all new to all of them, and they were pent-up and ready. It wasn't too long before the cups were empty, and things started getting sexy. Lisa's real ugly bathing suit was kinda the catalyst.

"Lisa, we need to get you in a bikini," Julia said. "This is probably the best place in the world to buy one."

"I don't have the body for one, I'm afraid," she said.

"Baloney," Julia said. "Your tits are beautiful, right Ricky?"

The tequila was bringing Julia out of her shell, maybe more than she wanted under the circumstances. I just watched to see what would happen.

Rick wasn't quite sure what to say, and he was as cute as when he fumbled the luggage at the airport. He never did get any words strung together that made proper sense, and Julia laughed.

"There's your answer Lisa. Beautiful tits," Julia said with a smile.

Lisa had a priceless look on her face, like 'oh my God, that cute guy likes my tits!' or something like that.

"What is it with guys and tits anyway," I said, trying to help Julia get things going, and everybody laughed kinda nervous like.

"Well let me rephrase it then," Lisa said. "I don't have the ass for a bikini. I mean you two girls, you can stop traffic with those buns."

"I don't know," Julia said. "You guys would mind seeing Lisa's ass in a bikini, would you?"

The two guys said no, they wouldn't mind it at all.

"Or even out of a bikini, right?" Julia asked. "Asses like that look really good bent over the back of a couch."

Julia was in full-on tequila mode at that point, mixed with a whole bunch of dinner wine and a martini way back at the start.

Lisa was sorta shocked looking, but her eyes were twinkling and there was a nervous smile that she was holding back from a big one. She started to get that horny flush on her chest, what little of her chest we could see anyway. I'm sure her nipples were hard, mine and Julia's sure were, but Lisa's were under her old-lady suit and it was made out of armor plating or something, so there was no sign of them.

Everybody was standing in the same corner of the pool at that point, just sorta standing around and talking, but when the topic turned to tits and asses it got sorta quieter, and there was some electricity in the air. I love it when things turn sexy like that, and the air just feels sorta charged and you know something good's about to happen.

"Oh, I love it like that, bent over a couch," I said. "There's a couch in our room."

I figured, what the hell, if Julia doesn't wanna sound like a slut there's no reason I can't. I'm sure the tequila, the wine and the martini had something to do with it too.

"Shall we go up and have a little party?" I said.

Barb, who hadn't really been in on the tits and ass conversation other than looking on sorta interestedly, spoke up first.

"That sounds like fun," she said. "I haven't had any fun in way too long."

"That's the name of the Chinese guy I met out in the hall, Way Too Long," I said, and everybody cracked up laughing. It was just what we needed to break up the nervous tension some of them were feeling.

"Shall we?" I said, and I walked up the steps out of the pool, letting my ass do its thing.

Everybody got out and dried off, and I noticed the guys were both facing away from us girls, trying to hide their hard-on's no doubt. Bob had pants to put on, but Rick was at the mercy of the boner Gods. I probably shouldn't have teased him, but I untied the back of my top and walked over to him holding it over my tits with both my hands.

"Ricky, can you tie this for me baby," I said. "It came undone when I was drying."

I could feel his breath on my neck as he fumbled around with the tie. It was super sexy, and I turned and gave him a peck on the cheek when he was done. He was hard all right, I felt it on my belly.

We all walked out to the elevators, Rick wrapped up in a towel to hide his 'problem'. The ride up was kinda quiet, I don't think anybody wanted to say too much about what was happening, so nobody'd chicken out.

"How 'bout those Yankees," I said, and everybody laughed. "You girls ever watch sports just to look at the guys?"

"I do," Bob said, and we all laughed again. "No, not for the guys," he added quickly. "The girls. I'm a huge Olympics fan, and sometimes I wonder if it's just because I'm lonely and horny."

"Katarina Witt?" Rick asked him, and the two of them just about melted thinking about her.

"How about the ski team? And those Eastern European Gymnasts?" Bob said to Rick. It was pretty funny.

"What do you think girls, you think any of those boy gymnasts have big cocks?" I asked, and right when I said 'big cocks' the elevator doors had started to open. There was real bitchy looking woman standing there with her husband. She pulled him aside as we got off, like she didn't wanna be too close to all the bare skin walking past her, and I gave the husband a sexy wink. Maybe she got lucky later, who knows.

We all went in our room and everybody just sorta stood there.

"Take off those wet suits," I said, figuring I'd cut right to the chase. "I'll get some dry towels. I pulled the ties on my little bikini, and it was off in my hand as I walked away. I wish I coulda seen the looks on their faces.

"Is everybody comfortable with this?" I heard Julia ask them.

"I don't know if comfortable's the right word," Barb said, "but I'm ready, if that's what you mean." She had her tits out and was stepping out of her bottoms when I walked in with the towels.

"Pretty tits Barb," I said. Her face was beet red, but she was smiling.

I was dying to give somebody a blow-job, but I knew Julia wanted to get with Rick and I didn't want to monopolize the men and leave Barb and Lisa standing there all nervous, so I walked over to Lisa.

"You need help with this thing?" I asked, and I reached for the zipper on the back of her armor plating.

"Okay," she said quietly. 

She was clearly nervous, to the point of trembling.

"God, you're ice cold," I said as I unzipped her. "We need to warm you up."

I figured she'd be a lot more comfortable under some covers, so I pulled back the bed sheets and got in.

"Come on. You'll be warm in no time," I said, and I patted the bed next to me.

I could tell it wasn't her usual thing, both being naked with other people around and climbing into bed with a woman. She had a look of fear and uncertainty, but there was a sparkle in her eyes as her suit came off, and it was like my eyes being locked together with hers drew her to me like one of them tractor beam things in a sci-fi movie. Before either of us could think too much her cold body was against mine under the covers.

She was on her back, still sorta rigid, and I pulled my leg up over her lower body and felt her nice soft tit with my hand. She breathed real hard and whimpered a little, and then she closed her eyes and exhaled real loud again.

"Just relax honey," I said quietly. "We'll get those trembles outta ya. Think warm thoughts, like a big roaring fire in a fireplace, and somebody lickin' on your pussy with a nice warm tongue."

She really trembled bad when she heard that, but I think it was the good kind, like one of them little half-orgasms you get when something hits your brain just right. She opened her eyes and looked deep into mine and I just kissed her without thinking too much about it. She wrapped her arms around me and I rolled sorta on top of her and our pussy's were rubbing on each others legs. It was a hot kiss, with all kinds of new feelings rushing into both of us.

While that was happening with me and Lisa, the rest of them were really getting into it. Barb was sitting in an easy chair and Bob was standing by her with his cock in her mouth. He was caressing her head and moaning and it looked real nice.

Julia was on the couch, leaning way back with her legs spread wide, and Rick was on his knees on the floor with his head between her legs. She was caressing his head the way Bob was doing Barb's, and she was moaning too. Julia's moans are super sexy. She's one of my favorite sex partners just because of all the great noises she makes.

So after I took my little look at the others, Lisa pulled my mouth back to hers and kissed me again. It was like the sex devil finally found his way into her and she was ready to get off in a big way. My hand found its way to her pussy and a couple of my fingers were rubbing around inside, where that inside clit 'g' spot thingy's supposed to be. To say that got her going would be a big old understatement. Wow did she go! The quiet nervousness turned into a big loud orgasm, her body bucking like one of them rodeo horses. When she was done I kissed her again and rubbed the outside of her puss real nice. She was whimpering soft, sorta almost crying really, but it was one of those happy cries that sorta overtakes you when something awesome happens.
