 This is not how today was supposed to go. Sitting in a bar and drinking my sorrows away is not the way anybody should celebrate their 18th birthday. I was sipping my beer and since I don't really like the taste of alcohol, my plan to drink myself into oblivion was pretty much poured down the drain. 

My sister Carol, the one who dragged me out today, had abandoned me. She was dancing with her boyfriend, her head tilted back in laughter as she laughed at something he said. I envied her. I wanted to leave this place. After all I had no business in places like this now or in the future, not unless I choose the other option. I shivered at the thought. 

"What's a beautiful girl like you doing looking so sad," said a masculine voice behind me. 

I knew who it was before I could turn around to face him. 

"Go away Chad. I'm not in the mood for your teasing today," I said sharply. 

Chad was one of my sister's friends who liked to tease me incessantly and drive me insane. Unfortunately for me the jerk was handsome and I was harbouring a secret crush over him. Yeah, my mind is really stupid.

"Come on Vi. Don't be like that," he said pouting those lush pink lips at me. I growled under my breath. Those damn puppy dog eyes get me every single time.

"My boyfriend broke up with me," I said hoping that would please him and he would leave me alone. But since I wasn't so lucky, Chad settled down into the barstool next to mine and gave me faux sympathetic expression.

"Oh! Poor little Violet! She finally got rid of that worthless little shit she called a boyfriend," he said mockingly. How is it I wanted to kill him and kiss him senseless at the same time? I glared at him and got up from my stool. 

"I'm leaving," I bit out and grabbed my purse.

"Hey, I was just kidding," he said grabbing my hand and pulling me between his legs. I placed my hands on his chest to balance the sudden movement and marvelled at the rock hard pecs. How would it feel crushed against my breasts? My nipples tightened in excitement. His hands settled on my back and he began rubbing small circles making an involuntary shudder pass through me. Chad of course noticed and smirked.

"But seriously, Chris and I always thought he wasn't good enough for you and we are genuinely happy you got rid of that douche bag. What really happened between you two? Your sister didn't mention it" he asked curiously.

Suddenly I felt cold inside in spite of Chad holding me close. The truth made my eyes brim with tears.

"My life's over," I choked out. 

"Hey just because you broke up with with one guy doesn't make it the end of the world," Chad said firmly, pulling me up into his lap. I was finally sitting in the lap of my crush but I couldn't feel a thing. He would change his mind if he knew the truth. 

"It is the end of the world! I can't have sex!" I insisted.

"What?" he asked incredulously. "Are you a lesbian?" 

Trust Chad to find joke about everything. I glared at him, wiping my eyes furiously. 

"No, you idiot! I have two vaginas!" I spit out the painful truth. Chad's face was frozen in shock, his mouth opening and closing like that of a fish. It would have been funny in any other circumstance. 

The sad truth is, I have two vaginas separated by a septum. Over the weekend I decided to lose my virginity to my boyfriend of 6 months. Apparently screaming bloody murder when his penis barely entered my vagina scared the crap out of him and when the doctor said 'Septate Vagina and Didelphic Uterus' which means I have 2 vaginas and 2 uteruses (or is it uterii?), it made him run for the hills. Chad was right. He really was a douchebag. My intense fear of needles and sharp items makes me very hesitant about undergoing surgery.

"Its you?" Chad asked astonished.

"What?" I asked confused. Why wasn't he running and calling me a freak?

Chad suddenly started laughing.

"Oh God! This is awesome! I gotta tell Chris," he said and dragged me across the room to where his twin brother Chris, who was identical to him in every way except for his lip piercing. Chris was making out with a redhead I didn't recognise. The boys had a reputation in this town.

"Bro," Chad called out thumping Chris's back. Chris and the girl bumped their heads and cursed while glaring at a grinning Chad. 

"Dude! What the hell?" said Chris rubbing his forehead looking pissed off. 

While Chad was all smiles and fooling around, Chris was a little more serious and seemed to favour scowling. But the one thing they both agreed on was teasing me. And yes,I did like the both of them. I often wondered how it would feel to kiss Chris with his lip ring on. Or better yet, how good it would be if he went down on me. 

"Remember the girl dad talked about?" Chad asked vibrating with enthusiasm.

"Yes. What about her?," Chris answered looking impatient.

"This is her," Chad replied proudly pulling me in front of him.

"This is Violet," Chris said unimpressed.

"Wow! Brilliant observation, Captain Obvious," I said drily as I rolled my eyes. Call me slow but I still didn't understand what was going on.

"Chris, Dad was talking about Violet," Chad told him. I watched Chris as realisation set in and suddenly he seemed super excited. I didn't like that look. His eyes focused on my crotch and I had a realisation of my own. I just remembered that the gynaecologist I went to was their father. And he told them about me!

"What? He told you about me?!" I screeched, not bothering to lower my volume.

"I can't believe this! I'm changing doctors!" I screamed feeling embarrassed and frustrated by the whole situation. 

I tried to tug my hand away from Chad but he had a very tight grip on my arm.

"Let me go Chad! I can't believe your dad would do this," I said struggling in his grip. 

"You misunderstood the whole situation, Vi. Let me explain," Chad pleaded as he slid one of his arms was around my waist, holding me in place and the other holding my shoulders. 

"No, no, no," I said panicking. I just wanted to go home and hide under my bed, possibly forever.

Suddenly a pair of lips pressed into mine shocking me for a moment. I felt the cool metal of the lip ring and instinctively sucked it. Chris moaned as he delved deeper into the kiss. I kissed him back fiercely. My knees began to feel weak but luckily Chad seemed to have no trouble holding me against him. I felt a hardness against my lower back and I rubbed my body against it. Did I just die and go to heaven?

A loud screech interrupted the best kiss of my life. I sagged against Chad's chest dazed.

"See Chad. This is how is how you deal with a hysterical woman," Chris said smirking at me.

The redhead Chris was making out with was shooting daggers at me with her eyes. I couldn't bring myself to care as my mind was still reeling from the amazing kiss.

"What the fuck was that?" the redhead screeched in her shrill tone. 

"Sorry babe, I have some things to take care of. Maybe some other time ok?" Chris tried to kiss her cheek but received a loud slap from the girl instead. I couldn't help but giggle at his wide eyed expression. The girl stomped off cursing Chris's very existence. We all watched her take a shot and storm off to the dance floor. 

"Alright. Now let's go to the booth and explain things to little Vi here," Chris said as he rubbed his cheek and shrugged off the slap as if it was nothing. I guess it wasn't his first time getting slapped.

We settled into one of the tiny booths with Chris and Chad on either side of me, their thighs pressed against mine. The combined masculine scent had me so aroused. 

"Your dad told you about me," I stated plainly, unimpressed.

"No, Violet. He just told us about your strange situation. You know we are in med school and dad discusses cases with us. He would never breach the doctor patient confidentiality, not even to us," Chris explained. I believed him even though I kept getting distracted by that lip ring of his. I really want to feel it pressed against my clit.

"Ok. So what are you going to do with this information?" I asked them both.

"We want to see it," Chad blurted out. Both my eyebrows rose up at the blunt statement. 

"And we could help you with your little problem too Vi. Think about it," said Chris as his hand settled on my thigh very close to my pussy. Could he feel the heat radiating from it? One finger lightly pressed my clitoris and I gasped at the sensation I felt. Chad tilted my head closer to his and gave me a gentle kiss. 

"Don't you trust us Violet?" he asked pressing those sensual lips against mine in a deeper kiss.

"No,"I replied groaning as Chris's finger pressed deeper into my soaking core.

"Excellent! Let's go home," exclaimed Chad. 

______________

 In the car, I was sitting in the back with Chris and almost immediately his hands were all over my body. He kissed me, sucking my lower lip and delving his tongue expertly into my mouth. I moaned in to the kiss. His fingers were tracing my nipples over my shirt and I could feel them harden. My whole body was vibrating with excitement. 

"This is great Chris but I should warn you that I still can't have sex," I told him as he was kissing his way down my throat. 

Chris looked up, his green eyes dilated in arousal. 

"Just trust us, Violet. We know what we are doing. If you are still able to think while I'm kissing you, then I'm doing something wrong," he said and bit my nipple through my dress. I groaned out loud and my eyes met Chad's in the rear view mirror. He was breathing hard too. 

"Chad must feel neglected all alone in the front. He deserves a show don't you think?" said Chris as he spread my legs making my short skirt ride up higher, exposing the big wet spot on my white panties. 

"Look Chad. See how wet little Vi is," he said as he lightly tapped my sensitive clit. I gasped at the sensation. 

"Chris, make her come on your fingers. I really want a taste of her now," demanded Chad from the front seat. 

"As you wish brother," said Chris wickedly as he continued to stroke my pussy over my panties. I could feel myself grow wetter. His other hand started to unbutton my shirt exposing my simple cotton bra. I didn't expect things would go this way. Chris bit my nipple through my bra and I moaned out loud. He then hooked his fingers into my panties and ripped them right off. I gasped.

"How did you do that?" I asked in surprise. 

Chris laughed at my awestruck expression and winked,

"Trade secrets babe."

Chad chuckled at my scowl. I was about to give a retort but was cut off when Chris slid a finger into my gaping pussy. I took a sharp intake of breath at the sudden sting of pain but it slowly subsided into a feeling of pleasure. Chris gave me a moment to adjust to the sensation.

"Are you ok?" he asked with concern. 

My heart melted at his concern and I had to swallow before I could reply.

"Yes," I said and moved my hips a little against his finger. Chris rubbed my clit and I could feel the juices flowing. I groaned aloud at the sensation it caused. In the front seat, Chad was watching me fuck Chris's finger and he was palming his own dick through his jeans. 

"Fuck! Why did we have to live so far from the bar!" groaned Chad from the driver's seat. 

Chris had unbuttoned his jeans and he was stroking his cock with one hand while fingering my pussy with another. 

Chris then introduced another finger into me and the feeling was overwhelming. 

"Look Vi, I now have a finger in both your vaginas," Chris said as he pinched the clit harder. It pushed me over the edge and I came with shriek, riding waves of pleasure. I sunk back into the seat, panting.

"Wow," I said feeling amazed the tremendous orgasm. 

"Baby, this is just the beginning of the night," Chris chuckled at the dazed expression on my face as Chad turned into the driveway of their home. 

What could possibly be better than this?

____________________

 As soon as we entered the house, Chad pushed me against the wall and attacked my mouth. He placed his thigh between my legs, making my bare pussy touch the rough denim of his jeans. The rough texture felt so good, I found myself humping his leg out of my own volition. 

"Come on! Let's take it to the bedroom kids!" Chris called out to us. 

Chad released me and my knees buckled, but Chad held onto me. He lifted me over his shoulder and I squealed at the sudden motion.

"It's time for you to finally lose your virginity to us after teasing us all these years," said Chad as he spanked my ass so hard, I shrieked. I squirmed over his shoulder but didn't really want to get away.

What did he mean I teased him all these years? Before I could think about it further, Chad dumped me on the bed making me bounce on it once and I laid there with my legs wide open. I suddenly felt overwhelmed. What was I doing with two hot guys? I was still a virgin, for God's sake. What if they weren't happy with me? 

"Violet, don't look so scared. Do you really think we would hurt you? Trust us, alright?" said Chad earnestly. 

I took a deep breath and nodded. I could trust them both. I've known them almost my whole life.

Chad's lips widened in a brilliant smile. 

"Good. I promise you won't regret this," he said. 

Chad began kissing me and slowly began unbuttoning my shirt, while Chris was pulling my skirt off. I was kinda happy he didn't just tear it off like he did with my panties. I loved this skirt. I soon forgot about it as Chad got my bra off and cupped both my boobs in his hands. 

Chad continued kissing his way down my neck, his warm hands squeezing my breasts and lightly teasing my pebbled nipples. Suddenly I felt a tongue invade my pussy and jerked at the sensation. The cool metal of Chris's lip ring was amazing. He pushed one finger into my soaking core and my hips pushed closer, needing to be filled. Chris moaned against my pussy and I could feel it resonate to my core. Chad gently bit my nipple and sucked. He continued tormenting both my boobs, while Chris was sucking my clit with his hot mouth. This sensory overload pushed me over the edge and I came with a shout.

"Now it's time for the fun to begin," said Chris with a smirk and began undressing quickly.

My eyebrows shot up as I saw his 7" penis, jutting out proudly. How was that going to fit into me? Plus he had a piercing that was gleaming in the light. That would feel incredible, pressing against my G-spot. Would I have two G-spots?

Next to Chris stood Chad with an equally large penis. Have I bit off more than I can chew by going home with these two guys? 

"Guys, I'm not sure its going to fit," I tried warning them, feeling a little apprehensive in spite of their reassurance. 

Chris moved closer to me and pushed my hair over my sweaty forehead and said,"Violet, we are going to take this very slowly. If you feel too much pain, we'll stop. Ok?" 

I nodded in agreement, knowing I could get out this if I wanted to. 

"Good, now go and help my brother. He seems to be in pain himself," Chris said as I watched Chad stroke himself. I licked my lips at the sight. 

I went to the side other the bed and placed my hands on his hips to steady myself. I brought my tongue out to taste the bead of precum on his tip, savouring the salty flavour. Chad's green eyes dilated with lust.

"Quite teasing me Vi," he growled and placed his hands in my hair dragging my mouth closer to his dick. 

I opened my mouth taking him in as far as I could. I covered the base of his cock with my hands and sucked, enjoying his moan. I moved my head over his dick, continuing to suck and groan around his shaft. Chad seemed to like that very much and tightened his hold in my hair, pulling it. I loved the burn it caused over my scalp. 

Behind me, I could feel Chris's cock brush against my ass as he settled himself in position. The crinkling of a condom wrapper made me tense up a bit. 

"We're taking it slow Violet. Remember?" Chris reassured me and rubbed my back till the tension left my body. 

His fingers then parted the lips of my pussy and dipped in a finger. 

"So wet. Just waiting for me to slam my cock into your pussy and make it mine. Naughty girl!" Chris growled and he slapped my ass. I shivered at his tone. This was really going to happen!

In one swift move he plunged his dick into me and I felt a sharp sting of pain. The feeling of fullness was something new and soon the pain was forgotten. I wanted, no, I needed him to move! 

"Move!" I demanded Chris but the fucker just laughed, not understanding my urgency.

"You stopped sucking Chad's dick. Bad girls don't get fucked," he said with a smirk. I glared at him over my shoulder before I took Chad's cock into my mouth and continued sucking on it. 

Chris thrust into me and I could feel his cock brush against my walls and I couldn't help but moan around the cock in my mouth. The piercing seemed to correctly brush against my sensitive spot and I could feel my orgasm building again.

"Stop," commanded Chris. 

What? He couldn't stop now! I released the dick in my mouth with a pop, feeling extremely frustrated.

Before I could ask what was going on, Chris released me,laid down on the bed and then settled me back onto his dick. 

I gave him a confused look. He gave a smirk that looked like trouble before throwing a condom at Chad. 

"For the main event," he answered as an eloquent, non cryptic explanation.

"What's going on?" I asked.

Chris smirked and I felt Chad inserting his finger into my vagina. Couldn't he see it was already filled?

"Chad! What are you doing?" I exclaimed, looking over my shoulder at him. 

"You said you wanted to lose your virginity tonight," he stated, more focused on the task at hand. 

"I've already lost my virginity. Chris just took it," I said and gasped as he slipped another finger into me. How was this possible? 

"You have two vaginas. So you have two virginities. Chris took one and I'm taking the other," he explained.

What the fuck?

"At the same time?" I shrieked as I felt the tip of his penis enter my other vagina. Chris lifted me up a little to allow Chad to enter my other vagina.

"Yes,"replied Chad as he slammed his way home. 

I yelped at the sudden pain, the fullness, the stretching of the walls of my vagina - both of them!

Tears filled my eyes as my body stretched to accommodate two dicks. 

Chad rubbed my back soothingly, willing me to relax.

Chris latched onto one of my nipples and sucked. Chad wound his arm around my body to my clit and started rubbing it. I felt the heat start to burn up inside me and I began rocking myself over the two cocks. The guys responded to my silent cue and began moving. 

They took turns moving in and out of me and they both hit my sweet spot every single time. I could feel my orgasm building inside of me and with one forceful thrust from Chad, I came with a shout. My walls squeezing both their dicks, spasming around them.

The guys came soon after and I collapsed, panting heavily on Chris's broad firm chest. Chad collapsed over me and I was sandwiched between the hottest guys I knew. 

"Happy Birthday Violet," said Chris and gave me a gentle peck on my lips. 

My eyes teared up at the sweet gesture.

Chad slowly pulled himself out of me. 

"Nooo..." I moaned at the loss. 

Chad chuckled. 

"Don't worry Vi. We can do this again soon," he said.

"We can?" I asked surprised. I thought this was going to be a one time thing. 

"Of course we can. Because now you are ours," said Chris possessively and pinched my nipple roughly. 

Chad lifted me off of Chris and settled me on the bed between them. 

"You gave us both your virginity, so now you belong with us," Chad said and kissed my forehead. 

I snuggled between Chad and Chris, feeling content. 

They helped me with my little situation. 
