 Michelle was a sweetheart of a girl. She was pretty, well groomed, with long blonde hair, blue/green eyes, and a smile that could melt the hardest heart. Her blonde hair was a real blonde, coming from a nearly pure Scandinavian lineage. The girl was a beauty.

She had the great body that often comes effortlessly to a woman of twenty-two years of age. She had a steady job as a cashier at one of the supermarkets in Manhattan. Her father had used some influence to get her the job, but management was happy with her work, so all was well. She moved with grace, and she had a natural charm.

Michelle had not gone to college. Graduating high school for her was a gift from some benevolent teachers. Her parents had sent her to a private school, and with a huge tuition payment every year, they knew the school would graduate Michelle with the best education she could absorb. This had all been explained to the grocery market where she worked.

Michelle's one problem appeared to be that she was stupid. There are all sorts of euphemisms one can use for stupid, but basically, for every super smart 22-year-old, there is also a super dumb one. It's how the universe balances out. Michelle did not need special education or anything, she was not an idiot and she did not blither. She could read, and she could add simple numbers. People, however, presented a world of mystery to her. 

People tend to be kind to those such as Michelle, and in her experience, everyone had always been kind to her. Her job as a cashier did not pay well, however, and she did not have enough money to live on her own. Her parents wanted her to develop some independence, so they set her up in an apartment with a roommate, Jane, who was a girl she knew from the old neighborhood.

Jane was no genius, but she was of normal intelligence, and she was also no idiot. She was a normal girl, and like many 22-year-old women, she was complicated. She also had a boyfriend, Miguel, and sometimes he would spend the night in her room. Michelle could hear the moans. Michelle knew enough to know that the moans were good moans, not bad moans, so she did not worry that Miguel was hurting Jane, but she was curious, of course. 

Since Michelle was pretty, and had a nice body and an easy smile, some men around her age were interested in her. One of these interested men was a customer at the market where she was a cashier, which is why Michelle knew him. One day, when she was leaving her job, having dressed in her street clothes and shed her work uniform, she ran into him on the street, just by chance. 

The man, Stu, invited Michelle to join him for a coffee, and Michelle said, "I'd love to, but I have no money with me, only a metro card to get home." Michelle looked at Stu with her blue/green eyes wide open, with the innocence of a child. She did not have credit cards, she explained, because checking and paying the bills was simply no fun, and very complicated. She avoided trouble by always paying cash for things up front, and she avoided trouble by not carrying cash except when she went shopping. 

"I'll be happy to treat you, Michelle," Stu said. He was mesmerized by the exquisite beauty of her eyes. Her eyes held no guile, only the purity of innocence. 

"Well okay then, it sounds nice," Michelle replied truthfully. Michelle was always truthful. She had been taught that it was a sin to lie.

They took a table, both with their coffees, and the man had a sweet roll too, and they got to talking. Michelle loved to babble on, and the man was captivated by the honesty, sincerity, and sweetness, and most of all the naiveté and the simplicity of this pretty young woman. Stu asked her where she lived, and she gave her address. She had worked hard to memorize it, as well as her cell phone number, and she spoke the address slowly and carefully, but proudly.

"Do you live alone?" Stu asked. 

"No, I have a roommate Jane," Michelle replied. 

Stu asked about Jane, and Michelle told him how nice Jane was, and how they share the cleaning and cooking, and how Jane brings her home delicious chicken soup when she has a cold. Michelle opened up to Stu, and told him about her one worry concerning Jane, namely Jane's moaning. 

Stu was surprised about her naiveté, and he suggested she was hearing the sounds of sexual enjoyment when she heard Jane's moans. 

"Only Jane moans. Her boyfriend does not moan. Doesn't it take both of them to have sex?" Michelle asked. 

This conversation was going a little beyond coffee house talk, heading into intimate matters, but Stu was a nice guy, and he explained that a man can give a woman pleasure with his fingers, and while typically he enjoys seeing the woman receive pleasure, it's not enough to make him moan. For that matter, the woman can give pleasure to herself, using her fingers, even without a man.

"Without a man?!" Michelle exclaimed. "Really? I thought men were needed. Don't you need them for babies? You need both! They make love, and if God approves, he puts a baby in the woman. Yes, I'm sure you need both, Stu."

Michelle continued, "I learned that the man does not use his fingers, but something else. It's not a nice word, so I won't say it," Michelle said. 

"Have you never had sex?" Stu asked. It was an inappropriate question, but natural, given the evolution of their conversation. 

"I don't talk about that," Michelle replied. 

"Do you want to have sex?" Stu asked. 

"Well, it sounds to me like Jane enjoys it. Everyone talks about it all the time as if it's fun, and a good thing, so I guess yes, I would," Michelle replied. 

"How old are you?" Stu asked. Michelle had a baby face and she could have been as young as 16, given the way she looked. She had the innocence in her face of a girl of 10, but the body of a woman. It was the body of a woman who checked out on the sexpot scale at full marks, a ten in vulgar parlance. Stu realized this, as his eyes discretely devoured Michelle. He could not believe how hot she was, and he had trouble keeping himself from continuously checking her out.

"I'm 22," Michelle said proudly. "Last year I was 21. I can drink alcoholic beverages." Michelle carefully pronounced the word alcoholic, one syllable at a time. When she said it correctly, Stu saw a flash of pride in her eyes. 

"Do you like alcoholic beverages?" Stu asked.

"Oh yes! Especially the cocktails. Ooh, there's that bad word again!" Michelle exclaimed.

"Cocktails?" Stu asked, surprised. 

"The first part," she explained. 

"Oh, you mean cock," Stu said. 

"Shh!" Michelle said, showing alarm. "People will hear you and get upset."

"Do you want to come over to my place? Then we can talk without worries," Stu suggested. 

"Oh, no. I do not go to men's apartments. That's a strict rule," Michelle said.

"Okay, then why don't we go to yours? I'll walk you home," he said. 

"It's too far to walk, and there's water in between," Michelle said. 

"You live in Brooklyn?" Stu asked. 

"Yes. You have to take the subway," she said. 

"Fine. Let's take the subway and then I'll walk you home from the subway stop. I don't mind," Stu said. 

"Okay!" Michelle said, happy to have his company on the long commute home. 

On the way home, Stu and Michelle stopped at a wine store and bought a bottle of already chilled white wine. That is, Stu bought it. He picked a Swiss wine, since it did not need a corkscrew, as it had a twist off top.

When they got to Michelle's apartment, her roommate Jane was not home. She had left a note, saying she would spend the night at her boyfriend's place, and for Michelle not to worry about her. 

"Jane is a thoughtful person," Stu said. Michelle agreed. 

"Yes, and she always entertains her boyfriend in her bedroom, she says for privacy. Since you are a man, we should go to my bedroom," Michelle said, leading the way. 

The two of them sat in Michelle's bedroom. "May I kiss you?" Stu asked.

"You want to kiss me?" Michelle asked right back. "Do you mean on the cheek like my Dad kisses me, or do you mean the other kind, like Jane does with her boyfriend sometimes?"

"The other kind. Have you done it before?" 

Michelle blushed. "Yes." She seemed highly embarrassed, so Stu asked her to explain. Michelle explained that when she was 18, four friends of hers, all boys, came over to wish her a happy birthday. She invited them in, and they played birthday games. One of the games involved a deck of cards, and a boy would draw a card, and then a girl would draw a card. If the card was red, the girl would kiss a boy if the girl drew it. If it was red and the boy drew it, the boy would kiss a girl. It was clear Michelle was the only girl with the four boys. She was doubtless kissed a lot. 

"What if the card was black?" Stu asked. 

For black cards, whoever drew the black card would take off piece of clothing of a person of the other sex. The boys told her everyone played this game when they turned 18. Michelle was rather quickly rendered naked, and she was busy kissing all the boys over and over again. 

"Did the boys touch you?" Stu asked. 

"Oh, yes! It's part of the game. Don't you know the game?" 

"Yes, yes, of course. I turned 18 once, too, you know," Stu said. He had never heard of such a game, and assumed the boys made it up as a ruse to have some fun with the dumb blonde. After all, this particular dumb blonde was both sexy and pretty.

"How old are you now?" Michelle asked. 

"I'm 24. What happened with the touching?" Stu persisted. 

Michelle explained they touched her everywhere, but some places especially. She pointed to her breasts and to her crotch. She had to touch them everywhere too and the boys especially wanted her to touch their, you know, their...

"Yes, I know, their cocks," Stu said, helping the shy Michelle complete her thought by saying the 'bad word.'

"Yes! Thank you, Stu. I just barely touched them but two of them were a little wet and sticky," she said.

"Did you wash your hands after you touched their sticky cocks?" Stu asked. 

"Oh no, that's not part of the game! That's not allowed. I licked my fingers clean. That's what you're supposed to do," Michelle said. "It tasted salty, but okay."

"Did they ask you to lick clean their cocks?" Stu asked.

"So, you do remember this game, after all! I was about to do that when my Mom came home. For some reason all the boys grabbed their clothes and ran out the back door. I got dressed and went to greet my Mom. It was a great birthday party, I must say!"

"You know, Michelle, remembering this game and all is making me want to have sex with you. Have you ever had sex?"

"Oh, no! Never. Never, never, never. Jane has though. She told me so herself," Michelle said. "I don't think it is a good idea, Stu. You must be thinking of Part II of the birthday game. We played that the next week, when the boys came back."

"I don't know about Part II. Do you want to tell me about it?" Stu asked.

"Maybe later," Michelle said. That was what her father always said when he was reluctant to tell her or her mother something. 

"Why don't we just play that game?"

"But it's not my birthday. Is it yours, Stu?"

"Yes, it is," Stu lied. 

"Oh goody! We should play it. I think Jane has a deck of cards," Michelle said. Michele found the deck of cards, and the two of them played the game. With only one man there, it took longer for Michelle to become naked, but of course it happened. 

As they kissed, Stu gave Michelle a few pointers about kissing and in particular taught her how to French kiss. Oh, those French! He also enjoyed 'touching her all over,' especially her boobs and her crotch. She happily let him touch her. Michelle was giddy to be playing the game again. 

Michelle noticed that Stu's cock had grown just as the boys' cocks had grown on her 18th birthday. It looked a little wet and sticky at the tip. She asked if he would like her to clean it up with her tongue? He said yes. The naked, sexy, luscious Michelle squatted and gently and lovingly liked clean Stu's cock. 

"You know," Stu said. "The boys left before you got to the good part."

"What's that?" Michelle asked.

"That's when you put as much as you can handle of the boy's cock in your mouth, and go up and down, repeatedly, caressing it with your tongue, but do not use your teeth," Stu said. 

"That sounds like Part II of the party. It's complicated," Michelle said. "I'm not sure I can remember all that."

"I'll help you. Let's begin with you taking as much as possible of my cock into your mouth, but do not touch it with your teeth," Stu said. 

"But that's Part II! We're just playing Part I. Part II is next week!" Michelle said.

"At my party, we combined Parts I and II," Stu explained. He urged her to try right then.

"Okay, Stu, I'll try" the innocent and naked Michelle said. 

"That's brilliant, Michelle," Stu said, as she took half of his cock in her mouth.

"It's too big. It does not all fit. Wait, Stu, I have an idea," Michelle said. "I can try a Part II trick I learned from the four boys." She withdrew from Stu's cock, and then she swallowed the entire length. She let it out and coughed furiously. "How was that?" she asked, when her coughing fit stopped. 

"Wonderful, Michelle. Can you do that again?"

Michelle smiled happily, and she deep throated Stu over and over again, until Stu had to stop her before he exploded into her mouth. He warned her about that, and Michelle shrugged her shoulders, bouncing her adorable boobs and driving Stu up the wall, smiled at him, and said, "That okay Stu. It's your birthday. It's Part II. I know what to do. Since it's your birthday, anything nice I can do for you is good."

Michelle resumed her blowjob of Stu and her deep throating, and he ended up blowing his load right down her throat. He saw the huge surprise register on Michelle's face, and she came up holding an enormous load of his cum in her mouth, looking at him questioningly. 

"You can spit it out or swallow it. It's better if you swallow it, but some girls don't like the taste," Stu said, answering the question she had asked with her eyes, since her mouth was of course full. Michelle swallowed his load, taking three swallows to do it, and then looked at him and smiled. 

"Now I am supposed to clean you up, Michelle," Stu said. 

"Oh, goody!" Michelle said. "What does that involve?"

Stu lay Michelle on the bed, on her back and gently spread her legs. He got between her legs, his head positioned at her crotch. He gently lapped at her pussy, and Michelle let out a cry of "Oh!"

He kept lapping away, occasionally going for her clitoris, and Michelle began to moan. Suddenly she exclaimed, "I sound like Jane does when she's with her boyfriend!" and then she resumed moaning. Stu stuck fingers inside her, and Michelle became alarmed. "Are you supposed to stick fingers inside me, too?" she asked. "That sounds like Part III!"

"It's optional," Stu said. "How many parts did your party have, anyway?"

"My party had four. I can't do Part IV with just you though. What does optional mean?" Michelle asked. This was a new word for her. 

"It means, the boy can do it or not do it. If the girl likes the way it feels, usually she lets the boy do it," Stu said. 

"It feels fabulous," Michelle said, "So I guess it's okay."

Stu continued, and Michelle's moans became louder and louder and quite a while later ended with a scream, with her entire body shaking and quivering, as she had one of the biggest serotonin rushes of her young life, caused of course by her orgasm.

"Oh, my, oh my," Michelle said. "Stu that was great! I cannot wait until your next birthday! Or mine! Wait a minute. Can we play the birthday game even if it's not a birthday? I really like it."

"That should be okay. I can check the rules, but I think it should be okay," Stu said. 

"You do that, and then we can play again, okay?" Michelle said. Stu smiled. They talked some more, both got dressed, and then Stu took Michelle out to dinner. She looked at him dreamily, and he looked back at her smugly. 

Michelle looked up at Stu shyly at dinner. If she were not so innocent, Stu would have described her expression as one of a coquette. She said, "We combined Parts I, II and III of the party game. Maybe some time we can have Part IV of the party?"

They made a date for the next week. Stu did not know what the four boys had taught Michelle was Part IV, but he was sure he would enjoy it nevertheless. Michelle was ready with a deck of cards. There was another man there with her. "This is Jane's boyfriend, Stu. Part IV needs two men, and he has agreed to join us. His name is Miguel."

Stu looked at Miguel askance. They shook hands and exchanged pleasantries. They went to Michelle's bedroom and drew cards, kissing and removing clothes until they were both naked. Michelle gave first Stu a blowjob and then she gave one to Miguel. "This is what one does. We don't have four men, but two will do," Michelle announced. 

Stu was hard again after watching the sexy, voluptuous and naked Michelle blow Miguel. "Okay boys, now for the highlight of the party. Stu, do you know where a cock goes in a girl, besides the mouth?"

"Yes," Stu said. He pointed to her pussy. Michelle got on the bed, on her hands and knees, with her face close to the edge. "Come here, Miguel," she said. "Now your cock goes in my mouth, and Stu, you put your cock in my pussy, that's what it's called, right? Then you both move in and out. Gee, it's too bad we don't have more boys."

"What we would do if we had more boys?" Stu asked, as the two men assumed the positions. 

"No worries, Stu," Michelle said. "When we find two more boys, we can do the other parts of Part IV. It's very sexy. All the boys said so."

"But why? What do you do?" Stu asked. 

Michelle smiled. "I'll tell you maybe later. Do you want a hint?" she said. Stu said yes. "Well, Michelle said, "it might surprise you, but there's one more place on a woman where a man's, uh, a man's...."

"A man's cock?" Stu helpfully supplied.

"Yes!" Michelle said. "There's another secret place where sometimes it can go. You know, if you have so many men and all. A mouth and a pussy uses only two men. That's what the boys explained to me. It makes sense." Michelle looked at Stu with her big blue eyes open wide, conveying extraordinary innocence. 

Michelle wiggled her ass to entice Stu's cock. It worked like a charm, and Stu got to enter her warm, velvety, and spectacular pussy for the first time. It's a good thing she had already blown him, because her virgin or near virgin pussy felt like heaven on earth, and he might have blown his load upon entry! She was so wet and ready for him! He had never had a woman whose pussy felt this wonderful. He could not explain it. He felt as if he were Adam, fucking Eve in the Garden of Eden. It felt that divine. 

As Stu began to fuck Michelle, he saw her lovingly take Miguel's still flaccid cock into her mouth and within minutes she had it as hard as a rock again. She was being spit roasted and she was loving it, moaning away loudly. She was moaning away even with Miguel happily fucking her mouth. 

Michelle was enjoying herself immensely, but when both men had finally finished and unloaded inside her, she said, highly upset, "I forgot! Miguel has not, uh, he has not yet, uh, placed his cock inside my pussy! Oh, poor Miguel. Can you get your, uh, your, uh, your thing nice and hard again?"

"He should save something for me," a woman said as she entered the bedroom. It was obviously Jane, Michelle's roommate and Miguel's girlfriend. "How did it go, Michelle?" Jane asked. 

"Oh, it was wonderful. Thank you for your loan of Miguel for this afternoon," Michelle replied.

"What are friends for?" Jane said, and she pulled Miguel by his ear, naked and with a slobbering wet, cum covered cock, into her room and shut the door. Ten minutes later Stu heard Jane moaning up a storm. 
