 Dumb Dare Ch2: gone camping

I sat next to the camp fire, watching the flames with John and Eddie, thinking back to last month and wondering what was about to happen. True to my wife's prophetic words, Janise did indeed come up with a dare that left all six of us naked in the same hotel room. No doubt that Janise planned on using that opportunity for more than just looking, but my wife put a stop to that, limiting our touching during the "contest" to just our partners. 

Janise was without a doubt a hottie. Almost twenty years younger than Tiff and myself, she had full firm looking breasts and a large curvy ass, a significant departure from Amanda, John's wife, who, eighteen years younger than us, was slender with only maybe C cup breasts. Janise's tits rivaled my wife's thirty eight triple D's but with quite a bit less droop. 

I looked around at the camp site, my big three-room wall tent standing in the firelight, the girls doing, well, we don't know what inside. 

Janise started it all at the conference, daring us to do some role playing games, which ended up with me having sex in public with my wife, something I would never have thought to ask her to do. John and Eddie had both struck out on that challenge, for reasons I still don't understand. For the final challenge, Janise convinced both my wife and Amanda to be completely naked, undress us, and have a contest to see which couple could come first, using only hands. It was one hell of a scene with the six of us sitting on beds in a hotel room, stroking and fingering each other. We didn't win on speed, but I had to admit that the view was one of the most erotic things I'd ever seen, let alone participated in. 

Now, a month later, Janise had somehow convinced John's and my wife to participate in another dare, which I was quite sure would be even farther out there. I'd probably never have invited John or Eddie to come camping with us. While being co-workers, I never considered them to be overly close friends. Probably more pains in my ass than friends. But the girls cooked this up and the three of us were just playing along.

"No idea what it is?" I asked Eddie quietly again.

"Like I said. I saw half a dozen envelopes with things like bottoms up and total surprise on them. No idea what they meant though," Eddie answered quietly, waiting as nervously as the rest of us.

"You sure you want to marry her?" I asked with a chuckle.

"Oh yeah," he answered with a smile. "Even if she is a bit kinky sometimes."

The sound of the tent door zipper put an end to our conversation and we all looked up to see our wives stepping out of the tent one after another, wearing only incredibly short skirts and cut off t-shirts that clearly showed the bottoms of their tits. The skirts were long enough to just cover down to the juncture of their legs and not much more, which told me that if they turned around and bent over they would be showing an incredible amount. My mind quickly jumped to what kind of underwear they might be wearing and then just as quickly jumped to how in the hell did Janise convince my wife to wear such an outfit.

"I know you three have been patiently waiting, so here's the deal. After we had so much fun with our last dares, I had a friend of mine create some new dares for us. The thing is, we don't know what they are exactly. This one, called bottoms up, came in envelopes inside envelopes. So the first thing was these outfits. Now comes the next envelope." Janise said as she tore open the next envelope and opened the paper it contained and started reading.

"If you have followed the directions, you are now standing in front of the guys wearing nothing but dangerously short skirts and crop tops that show part of your tits. Hope you guys are enjoying the view, because that's all they-'re allowed to wear for the next twenty four hours. This or naked. Don't worry ladies, you're not going to be left out. Those shorts you should be holding are for the guys, and the only thing they get to wear. Gentlemen, it's time for you to join the game. Take it all off. Show the ladies what you have to offer before putting on the shorts they have provided. And ladies, feel free to show them just exactly how revealing your outfits are! Read on after they're naked!>"

My wife looked over at Janise in surprise and then grinned slightly. "I'm starting to like this friend of yours."

"She does seem to have a way with things," Janise answered with a grin. "Okay gentlemen. Time to bare it all." 

We'd all been naked in front of each other before, but for some reason this was just a little different. I looked at my wife who just stood there grinning at me, slowly pushing the crop top shirt up to expose her tits, which she knew I loved to look at any chance I got. With a deep breath I started pushing off my cargo shorts and then started on my t-shirt. Janise had turned around and with her feet spread about two feet apart, bent over, looking more at me than at her fiancé as her pussy pushed out and spread, her full round lips and tiny bit of inner lips that protruded glistening with moisture in the flickering firelight. 

"Damn!" Eddie mumbled as Janise pushed her ass out farther. I pushed my boxer briefs down, freeing my already hardening cock as I stepped out of them, leaving me in nothing but my shoes and socks. I looked down the row and saw Eddie and John both with cocks as hard as my own.

My wife stepped over and reached for my cock with one hand, her shirt hung over the top of her tits so they were exposed. I felt her hand close around me and slowly stroke me while she whispered in my ear. "I don't know what they have planned, but I hope it's to fuck your brains out. God damn I'm so fucking horny!"

"You realize that we're supposed to be packed and checked out by three tomorrow, which means you're wearing that home."

"Uh huh. That thought crossed my mind, and made my pussy tingle even more when I thought about riding home in the car this way. Of course you're gonna be wearing these home too," she said, holding out a pair of very thin under armor athletic shorts.

"Yeah. Those are definitely going to show stuff."

"Good. I wanna see your stuff." she said with a giggle.

I had to admit that this was a little unusual for her. I never thought she'd have sex outside, then I never thought she'd jerk me off or let me finger her in front of anyone else. Now she was wearing very revealing clothing and talking about liking seeing my stuff. I wondered what else I didn't know about my wife after thirty years. I took the shorts and stepped into them, the front bulging out rudely from my hardon.

"Okay girls. Time to read on," Janise said, now that all three of us had on the revealing workout shorts.

" Now for the dare. You all have to wear ONLY this or NOTHING at all for the next day. But that in itself isn't much of a dare, so here are some rules. Guys, you can only touch the woman in front of you if your cock is in her pussy, no other time, and you are under NO circumstances allowed to touch your cock. Ladies, you may touch his cock with any part of your body EXCEPT your hands unless it's wet with pussy juices. ONLY then can you stroke him. And you will want to stroke him. The goal of the dare is to get him to cum on your tits as many times as possible before your challenge ends. Remember if he gets dry he's gotta put it back in and get wet again! Now if you really wanna go to the wild side, any pussy will work, but you HAVE to come on the tits that go with the pussy! Good luck and happy fucking!"

"Damn!" my wife said with a surprised look. "Seriously?"

"Yeah. I think we ought to go full bore. How about it? Any pussy on any cock?"

"I don't think I like that idea," Amanda said with a frown. 

"Me neither," my wife added. "I mean jacking him off on my tits, probably in full daylight when anyone can see, is going to be challenging enough. Watching him fucking another woman is quite another."

"Oh come on. I mean you're really not going to get squeamish, are you?" Janise asked.

"Actually I am. I don't really want anyone else's dick in me either," my wife answered her with a scowl. "You wanna have a dare, fine. I'll take a dare, but does that dare have to include fucking someone else, or watching my husband fuck someone else?" 

"I suppose not, but it'd be a lot more fun mixing up partners."

"You wanna fuck my husband that bad?" my wife asked her with a frown.

"Hell, with a cock like his? Why not?"

"Hey. I'm standing right here!" Eddie complained. "My cock isn't that that much smaller."

"Sweetie," Janise said softly as she stepped around the fire to her fiancé and pushed the front of his shorts down to expose his half hard cock. "Your cock is just fine, but let's face it, it's not the biggest one here."

"Okay, okay. Tell you what. You really wanna do him that bad? It's gonna cost you."

"How so?"

"Two inches," My wife said.

"Huh?"

"Two inches off the shirt and the skirt. You cut two more inches off and then, as long as you can find a way to do it where I can't see it, and of course convince him to do it, then you can."

"Seriously? All I gotta do is shorten the skirt and shirt two inches?"

"Honey, if you take two more inches off you're gonna be showing everything to everyone. I doubt that your nipples would even be covered and damn sure your pussy won't be," Amanda said. "You sure it's worth that just to try and get Matt's cock in you?"

"Let's face it. If you tell him not to, it doesn't matter how little I wear, Matt isn't going to let me fuck him."

"Of course not," my wife answered with a small smile, knowing that Janise was exactly correct.

"So I'll shorten my top and skirt on one condition. Any time any of the men see bare pussy or tits, they have to expose their cock. And if they have a hardon, and there's an exposed pussy bent over in front of them, they have to push into it, no matter who's it is."

"I don't see how that's any better," my wife answered.

"Easy. All the guys have to do is NOT get turned on," Janise said with a grin. "The rest of the rules all stand."

"And if I don't want someone else poking me?"

"Just don't bend over!" Janise said with a grin in answer to my wife's frowning question. "But don't blame me if your husband gets a boner and fucks my hot little pussy. I don't think he can help but get turned on if I'm doing this," she added as she turned around, pulled her skirt up over her ass so she was completely bare and wiggled her ass cheeks, her fat pussy lips pushing out at me. Hell how was I supposed to NOT get turned on by that view?

"MATT!" my wife said after a few seconds.

"What?" I asked, ripping my eyes from Janise's pussy to look at my wife.

"Really?" ,my wife asked sharply.

"Really what?" I asked, not at all sure what she was referring to.

"Look down!" she snapped.

I looked down and saw that the front of my shorts were indeed tented out with a hardon. "Oh." 

"See. Told you. He wants it, baaaaaad!" Janise teased.

"Oh come on. That doesn't mean anything!" my wife snapped in retort. She stepped around the fire to Eddie, grabbed his shorts and pulled them down to his knees and then turned around, pulling her own skirt up and wiggling her ass at him. Within moments his cock, already partly hard from watching Janise wiggle her bare pussy, was at full mast and aimed right at my wife's pussy. He only had to arch his back to push his engorged head toward her pussy, spreading her lips slightly and pushing the tip of his head between her wet lips. She squealed and jumped upright, quickly walking around the fire again to step away from him, holding her skirt down over her ass. "See."

"Yep. All you gotta do is keep your man worn out and you don't have a thing to worry about," Janise said with a grin. "So how about it?"

I was shocked to hear my wife agree before walking around the fire one more time. She pulled me along toward a tree, bent over and pushed her ass out at me. "Might as well get started lover. You got a lot of fucking and squirting to do if we're going to win this thing."

I was damn glad that when we picked our site I picked one a long way from the bathrooms, back in the woods as far as it is. If we'd have picked closer to the bathrooms the traffic past our site would have most likely proven a problem. I pushed my engorged head between my wife's surprisingly wet pussy lips and felt it spread her as I pressed harder, driving myself into her several inches. I felt her lips pinch slightly on my dry shaft and pulled back, sliding in again, a little further this time before once again her lips pinched. It took half a dozen short strokes before my cock was lubricated its full length with her juices and sliding easily in and out of her exquisitely tight pussy. My wife rocked her hips in time with my strokes, tilting her pelvis with each rock and changing the sensations it was sending up my cock. 

"That's it baby. Fuck me. Fuck me good," she moaned softly as she held the tree, the firelight flickering on her body and her wildly swinging tits, the shirt unable to contain them. 

"You enjoying this?" I grunted as I plunged into her over and over, the tingle spreading up my body from my groin.

"Fuck yeah. A whole lot more than I expected," she said breathlessly. "Fuck. Fuck I'm going to come," she moaned after a few dozen more strokes. "Oh god sweetie. You're going to make me come!"

"Me too. Soon," I grunted, holding my own climax at bay the best I could until she had come.

"Shit. Here it coooooomes!" she squealed as her whole body twitched and jerked in front of me, her pussy clenching and gripping my plunging cock.

"Shit. I'm gonna come," I grunted, trying to hold back. She pulled off my cock, her legs still trembling and squatted in front of me, pulling the front of her shirt up as high as it would go with one hand, the other stroking me frantically while aiming it at her tits. "Oh fuck," I grunted quietly as my body jerked and forced my cock toward her. I don't think she was ready for my sudden movement, since this was the first time I'd ever tried to come on her tits, and instead of aiming my cock at her tits it tilted up and the first huge shot of pent up cum lanced out at her face, splattering off her cheek and dripping down to her chest. She improved her aim and I squirted half a dozen hard shots onto her big soft tits, leaving them dripping with my cum. 

"Damn you had a lot," she said with almost a giggle. "No wonder I leak so much after we have sex."

"Uh huh," I agreed breathlessly, looking down at her practically bare body, her tits dripping with my cum.

"Looks like I'm not the only one," I said as Eddie moaned loudly and started squirting all over Janise's firm round tits.

"You wanna do that?"

"What?" I asked my wife as she idly stroked my still drooling cock.

"Squirt on her tits."

"I dunno," I answered.

"Don't lie to me while I have your cock in my hand. I can tell by the way it's already starting to harden that you do."

"I'm not sure that it's exactly appropriate," I answered. "I mean, isn't that cheating?"

"Yeah. It is," she answered, letting go of me and standing up. She reached out and wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled us together, smashing her cum covered tits against my chest. "Tell you what. Just make her work for it, okay?"

"You're telling me to fuck her?"

"I'm telling you that she's going to try, so just don't make it too easy for her," she said before she pressed her lips to mine in a soft sensual kiss. "In fact, make it really hard for her, but if she gets it, give it to her good!"

"You sure?"

"Yeah. I just don't want to watch. In fact, I don't even want to know. I'll just expect that she gets it once and we'll leave it at that. Okay?'

"Sure thing lover," I answered softly while I held her.

"Good. Now I got a shirt and skirt to cut down."

"Yours?" 

"Oh hell no. This is more than short enough. But I'm going to make damn sure that hers shows enough that she might as well be naked," she said with a giggle. "I told her it was gonna cost her."

"You did," I answered as I let go of her and let her pull me by the hand back toward the fire. I sat down in a chair while my wife requested Janise's clothes, leaving her standing completely nude in front of the fire while she went into the tent to shorten them. Janise walked over and stood in front of me.

"You know the rules. You can see my pussy so you gotta show off your cock. Why don't we just pull those right down," she said as she bent over and tugged on my shorts.

"Really?"

"Oh yeah. What's the point in sitting on your lap if I can't feel your cock?"

"It's not hard," I said with a shrug, lifting myself off the seat far enough for her to pull my shorts to my knees.

"Don't worry about that. I'm sure I can fix that," she giggled as she turned around and sat down on me, reaching between her legs to press my flagging cock against her wet pussy.

"Here you go," my wife said, stepping out of the tent and seeing her sitting on my lap. She walked over and held out the clothes to her, making no move to extricate her off my lap.

"If you don't mind. I think I'll just sit here a few more minutes," she said with a grin, wiggling her ass on my cock.

"That's fine," she said evenly, pulling one of the chairs around across the fire from us and sitting down. She spread her legs slightly, letting us see her pussy, and then pushed her shirt up over her tits again. She sat and slowly teased her nipples, making them grow harder, while her other hand slowly stroked her wet pussy lips. She had to know what effect that was going to have on me. Within moments I could feel my cock start to harden. No matter how hard I tried to NOT get hard, watching my wife sitting across from us, teasing herself, had my shaft growing by the moment. 

My hard cock pressed up against Janise's pussy lips as she gently wiggled on my lap, her eyes staring at my wife almost as much as I was. I felt her hand slip down between her legs and pull me tighter against her pussy, working my shaft between her lips until her clit was pressed against me. 

"Ohhhhhhh fuck," she breathed softly as she started to grind herself on me, my cock spreading her fat lips apart. She slid forward, pressing me up between her lips, using her fingers to force me up into her farther. I could feel her lean forward and my cock press up into her tunnel entrance. Sensing just how close things were, my wife grinned at me and stood up, stepping around the fire.

"I think I need to go to the bathroom, and I'd really appreciate my husband walking me there," my wife said as she stood next to me.

"Ohhhh fuck. Now?" Janise squeaked as she tried to push back against me and force my cock up into her.

"Oh yeah. Definitely now," my wife answered, reaching down and coaxing Janise to stand up off my lap. I felt my cock spring up and point into the air as Janise stood up, my shaft covered in her juices. "Come on dear. Maybe along the way we'll see what we can do about that too," she added, reaching down to take my hand. I stood up and pulled my shorts up. "Oh don't pull them all the way up. I'd kinda like to see that swinging around while you walk," she said with a grin, reaching down and stopping me from pulling them all the way up. Without another word she led me out of the campsite into the dark and down the long paved road toward the bathrooms almost a quarter mile away.

"You really want me walking like this?" I whispered.

"Only for a few minutes," she said as she led me off the road into a vacant campsite. She turned herself around, pushed the short little skirt down her legs and sat on the end of the picnic table. She lifted her legs in the air, grabbing at her knees and pulling them back and apart for me. "Only until I could get you this far and let you fuck me again. Damn I'm horny!"
