 What the girls had agreed to be one dare, turned into two, and then three and then a once a month game. This month's dare session seemed to be coming earlier this September. It had hardly been three weeks and we were headed to Janice's house for an "announcement" as she put it. We all assumed that Eddie had popped the question, which might take some of the heat off of me, at least as far as Janise goes. 

My wife and I pulled into Janise's driveway at almost eight exactly. Even though it was a Friday night, we'd made sure to tell her that we had plans the next morning and weren't staying overnight. Janise seemed a bit disappointed, but Tiffany was sure she'd get over it soon enough.

I had no idea what the dare was going to be, but I was required to wear shorts and my wife was required to bring some kind of bathrobe, in particular, the sexiest one she owns. We climbed from our small SUV and walked up to the front door. The bell had barely rung when the front door opened, Eddie standing on the other side.

"Hey guys. Come on in," he said, stepping back to let us enter the front of the house. 

"So Eddie. Big announcement? Popped the question?" my wife asked as we walked in.

"That seems to be the common conclusion. But you'll have to wait like everyone else," he answered with a grin.

"Men are always so transparent," my wife chuckled as Eddie led us into the living room where John, Amanda, Janise and a couple I didn't recognize were sitting talking.

Janise stood up from the sofa and looked over at us. "Tiffany and Matt, I'd like you to meet Donna and William, friends of mine. Donna is actually the author of the dares we've been playing." 

"Hello!" Donna said, getting up from the sofa and stepping over with her hand out. She was shorter than me by almost a full head, maybe only five five or six, extremely petite in build, except for her full chest. William was moderately stout of frame, only slightly taller than his wife. He held his hand out as I was finishing shaking his wife's hand.

"Good to meet you," I said, not really sure if I was or not. Some of the dares have been a bit more outside the box than either my wife or I felt comfortable with. 

"So. Now that everyone is here!" Eddie said cheerfully as he stepped to the middle of the room. "The rumor is that I finally got up the nerve to ask Janise to marry me. Actually, I didn't. But I did get up the nerve to say yes when she asked me, so the end is the same. We'll be getting married next June," he finished as Janice slipped over next to him and gave him a big hug.

"Well. Congratulations!" my wife said with a smile. "I guess that'll change the dares a bit."

"Oh, I don't see why," Janise said with a giggle. "I mean it's all in fun, right?"

"Um. Yeah, right," my wife answered in a half mumble. 

"So. On to the dare for tonight. You all brought a robe. Ladies, switch your robe with someone else. The only rule is you can't have your own," she said, stepping to my wife and holding out the slinky sheer robe. "So help yourselves." 

My wife reluctantly switched robes with Janise, holding up the sheer robe and handing Janise her very short satin robe. 

"Well. Now that you have a new robe, on to the dare," she said, reaching into the pocket of her dress and pulling out four slips of paper and handing them out to each of the women, keeping one for herself. "The dare is to go to the place on this paper and buy a vibrator. Of course that would be much too easy. So on the way you ladies need to strip. You have to go in wearing only the robe. When you buy your vibrator, you get to earn points. If you show the clerk a nipple, that's one point. Both nipples, two points, an extra two for showing your pussy, and a full six points if you check out naked. Once you checked out, if you try your new toy in front of the clerk, two more points for playing with your clit and a full five for full penetration," she said, looking around with a wide smile. "Don't worry guys, after you get back you'll get your chance. Oh yeah. The points will matter when you get back for the second half of our little challenge."

My wife looked at me and then at the robe she held in her hand. "Shit! You can see everything through this!"

"Yeah," I agreed, trying to frown but feeling my cock start to get hard at the thought of her walking through an adult store wearing nothing but that robe. 

"Don't you dare smile, or I'll make you go in naked too," my wife hissed at me.

"I'm not smiling!" I protested, trying to keep the smile off my face as I held my hands up defensively. "Besides, you don't HAVE to do the dare, not if you're not comfortable with it."

"Of course I HAVE to do the dare. The whole idea is that I'm not comfortable. None of us are. That's the point. Can you go through with it or will you chicken out?"

"You know darn well that I'll do whatever you want. If you want me to take you to an adult toy store and help you buy a vibrator, you know I'm all in with it."

"So are we all ready? Everyone should be back in not much over an hour, so...let's go!" Janise said, walking toward the front door with my wife's silk robe over her arm. That seemed to be the cue and everyone headed to the door after her. Once we were in our car, I backed out and headed toward the store using the directions on the card. My wife sighed and started undressing in the passenger seat, dropping one item of clothing after another on the floor in front of her, only the lights of the dashboard illuminating her creamy skin in a gentle blue-green glow. Blouse, bra, skirt, panties and finally her thigh high stockings. One at a time, they fell to the floor until she was naked with the exception of her cream colored high heels. She wiggled into the sheer robe and closed it around herself, the sheer baby blue material doing little to conceal her nakedness.

"Look at the bright side. You can't help but get four points," I said trying to bring some levity to cut through the very obvious nervousness. 

"No jokes. Being naked in front of Eddie and John was one thing, but going out in public like this? I'm not sure I can," she said quietly. 

"Well, it's not like we're going to Walmart. It's an adult store. I'm sure they've seen all kinds of people coming in."

"Yeah. There is that. God. No way I would go into Walmart like this!"

"You'd be the hottest looking woman in the place!" I said with a grin, reaching across the console to gently stroke her thigh. 

"You wanna do that? For real?" She asked, looking at me and pressing her hand on mine to stop me from stroking her soft skin through the material. 

"I just thought that if you were really turned on that it might make it a bit easier."

"Less inhibited? Maybe."

"I know. Just think about you getting eaten out on the beach at the lake. You didn't seem all that inhibited then."

"No. I wasn't, not until that boat showed up," she answered with a giggle. She pulled her hand away from mine. "Okay sweetie. Go for it," she said softly.

I pushed the hem of the robe up so I was stroking her bare skin, slowly working my fingers up and down her thigh. She slowly spread her legs, letting the one I was stroking push closer to me, my fingers working down to the soft skin between her legs rather than on the front. She lay her head back against the headrest and closed her eyes. She parted her lips and sighed softly. "God I love you touching me like that."

"I know," I answered, her, letting my fingers stroke up the soft skin next to her full pussy lips and the soft inner lips protruding. As I stroked my fingers gently along her thigh, I let them wander toward her pussy lips, the tips spreading her incredibly soft skin to feel the heat and wetness within. 

"Oh god," she moaned softly as I stroked my fingers up her lips, letting them bounce one after another over her clit. Up and down I stroked, concentrating now on her pussy, my fingers spreading her lips with each stroke, the tips bouncing over her clit causing little gasps each time. "The getting me turned on part is really working." 

"Good," I answered equally softly. "We're almost there."

"Mmmmmmm. Uh huh. Almost there," she moaned.

"Not that way," I chuckled, easing my attentions to her hot pussy. 

"Oh don't stop," she moaned, her own fingers reaching down between her legs.

I covered her fingers with mine, stopping her from stroking herself. "I promise. When we get done in there I'll make you come. But for now, we want you just turned on, not climaxing."

"Well, I'm definitely turned on. Right now I wouldn't complain if you just spread me on the hood of the car and fucked my brains out."

"How about if I do it after we buy our toy?"

"Mmmmmmm, hope it doesn't take too long," she moaned softly, letting me gently rub her pussy again, careful to avoid her clit. I turned into the parking lot and into a space in front of the little store. There were less than half a dozen cars in the lot, a good thing in my opinion. 

"We're here," I whispered as I turned off the ignition. "Can you do this?"

"On one condition," she said softly, making no attempt to get out of the car. 

"What's that?"

"You gotta keep me turned on like this," she whispered. "I'm so fucking horny that right now I don't care who's watching."

"I can do that," I grinned, opening my car door. I walked around and opened the door for her, helping her out. The robe slid up her body as she slid out of the seat, exposing her to her waist, not that the robe covered all that much to start with. I wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled her hip to mine, guiding her toward the front door of the shop.

We walked in and the clerk stared at us, obviously not expecting to see a practically nude woman walk in. I looked around and saw two men and one woman in the aisles. I spied the aisle with the vibrators and guided my wife toward it. I looked over at her and saw her blushing as the two men changed course to get a better look at her nearly naked body. We stopped in front of a wall of various vibrators and I pulled her around in front of me, facing the wall with me behind her. I slid my arms around her and whispered to pick what she wanted, my hands sliding up to cup her tits through the sheer material. 

"Mmmmmm, that's it," she whispered, taking a breath as my fingers found her rock hard nipples and began to tease them, twisting and pulling them gently through the sheer material. "Which one do you want?"

"Mine in you," I whispered in her ear.

"That doesn't answer the question."

"Better pick one you think will feel good. I have a hunch you might end up using it tonight."

"Yeah. At the counter," she breathed. 

"You gonna do that?"

"No. You are," she answered, reaching one hand behind herself, grabbing my cock through my shorts.

"The purple one," I said.

She reached for it and pulled it off the rack. "This one?"

"Uh huh."

"Better try it out then," she whispered, tilting her head back and resting it on my shoulder, her cheek against mine.

"Now?"

"Uh huh. I'm so fucking close to being ready to climax," she moaned.

I unboxed the vibrator with my arms still around her, pressing the button in the end to start its gentle hum. I eased the robe apart, untying the sash with one hand and letting it hang open on her shoulders so she was completely exposed, both breasts and her neatly trimmed bush of curls. I eased the soft silicone bullet between her legs, teasing her clit with it. She placed her feet apart, allowing me to tilt it and ease the tip between her lips. She moaned as the tip protruded into the entrance to her tunnel. I pushed it slowly into her, working it in little short strokes, her juices lubricating more of it with each stoke. 

"Make me come," she whispered, her hips rocking to push toward it as I slowly stroked it in and out of her.

"Not yet," I whispered back, holding the vibrating device in her pussy while a guy on the end of the aisle ogled her bare exposed body.

"Ohhhhhh, you are so fucking bad."

"I'm not the one standing naked in a store. Who's the bad one?"

"You are. For making me naked and horny as hell!"

"Come on. Let's go check out."

"Then fuck me at the car?"

"If you want."

"I want," she breathed. She reached down and pulled my hand, pulling the vibrator out of her pussy and then pulling me by the hand toward the front, the robe flowing in the breeze she made by walking, leaving her almost completely nude. The sheer material, hanging by her shoulders and flowing out behind her like a cape, left her body completely exposed, her big tits swaying and bouncing with each step toward the front counter.

I got out my wallet and paid for the vibrator and then, to my surprise, my wife lifted one foot, resting it on the counter, her pussy spread and exposed to the kid at the checkout. She took the bag from me, pulled out the box with the vibrator and then drew the purple tool from the metal box. "Watch this," she said to him, staring at the kid who was staring at her spread pussy like it was the first pussy he'd ever seen. My wife pushed it into herself, driving it deep into her and then stroking it in and out several times. "Now that you had a good look, I'm going to take my husband out in the parking lot and fuck him!" she said in a low growl. She pulled the vibrator out and then turned, dropping her foot to the floor. She pulled me out the door and across the parking lot to our car. She turned and lifted herself onto the hood and then lay back, lifting and spreading her legs. "Okay lover. Fuck me."

"We have an audience," I said, seeing the customers in the store looking out the window at us.

"I know. Make me come lover. Make me come hard!"

I'd never ever seen her like this, but she didn't have to ask me twice. I undid the front of my pants and let my shorts fall to the ground, my rock hard cock pointing straight at her pussy. I shuffled the two steps to her and aimed my cock at her dripping wet lips. I engaged my head into her and then used my hands to pull her toward me, her legs lifting and hooking on my shoulders. I started rocking my hips, pumping my cock in and out of her sopping wet tunnel. Her moans echoed off the front of the building as I drove into her, each impact of my body against her ass making her big soft tits roll and bounce on her chest.

Her hot tunnel started to spasm, gripping and releasing me as I continued plunging into her, the added stimulus sending tingles through my whole body. "God lover. I'm so close." I grunted.

"I know. I can tell. Come for me. I wanna feel you come in me," she moaned, rocking her hips in time with mine. "Oh shit. Oh shit, shit, shit!" she cried suddenly as her orgasm hit its peak. I felt her juices oozing around my plunging cock and dripping off my balls. It was finally more than I could take, the whole situation having me primed almost beyond endurance. My body bucked, jamming my cock into her and spurting a huge gush of cum into her. "YES!" she cried at the feeling of my cum flowing into her. My body bucked over and over, jamming into her time and again to add more cum to the load that would in all likelihood be dripping from her for hours. 

"Okay. I think we gotta go now," my wife said. I could see she was blushing, even in the off colors of the neon lights. I pulled from her, a gush of cum leaking down the front of the car as she sat up to slide off. By the time I got my shorts up, she had gotten around to the side of the car, waiting for me to unlock the door. 

I punched the unlock button and she dropped into the front seat, trying to hide herself from the audience clapping inside the store window.

"I wonder if there's bonus points for fucking in front of the store?" I asked as I started up the car.

"Oh god. I don't believe I did that," she said, covering her face with her hands.

I chuckled. "I don't either. Next time I want to buy you a skimpy bikini, I better not get an argument."

"Oh shut up!" she said, half serious and half playfully as she reached over and pushed my shoulder. 

The drive back was in almost total silence. I wasn't sure what she was thinking as she sat there, the robe still completely spread, leaving her essentially naked. It looked to me like we were next to last coming back, which didn't surprise me when I thought about the extra time we had taken. Eddie opened the door for us and he stared at Tiffany walking past him, the robe fluttering behind her as she strode quickly through the door. She aimed for the ladies' voices in the kitchen and I followed, stopping in the living room with Eddie and William.

"So how did you guys do?" Eddie asked as he walked into the room behind me.

"I think we maxed out the points." I said quietly, not sure my wife really wanted me to tell everyone about it. "Not only did she bare it all for the salesclerk, she put one foot up on the counter and stuck the vibrator into herself in front of him. Then we went out into the parking lot and fucked on the hood of the car."

"No shit?" Eddie asked In surprise. "I wouldn't have figured Tiffany would go that far."

"She did," I said with a shrug. "You?"

"Well, Janise of course bared it all. She just took the robe off as soon as we were in the store and then she bent over the sales counter and put the vib into her pussy from behind. The clerk couldn't quite see because it was pointed at me, but she did it. Donna sat on the counter and had her checkout girl not only put it in, but stroke her with it until she came on the counter, but we were the only ones in the store."

"Yeah, we had a small audience." I said. 

"John should be back soon. He had the farthest to go." Eddie said. 

"So what's this next part of the challenge?" I asked.

"No clue, other than it's called blackout."

"Hell, that could be anything," I muttered. Eddie got me a beer and we stood around and talked about the past challenges while we waited for John. I had assumed that on the camping trip either Eddie or John had managed to get into my wife, but I was surprised to find out that Eddie hadn't and he was pretty sure that all John got to do was to rub on the outside. I was beginning to think that I was the only one that had gotten into all three of the girls. 

John finally arrived about ten minutes later and came in frowning. "Only two points. You guys?" He mumbled.

"Maxed out," Eddie answered for us. 

"Alright. Now to the next part," Janise called as she walked in from the kitchen with the rest of the ladies, all of them naked. "Boys, strip," she said with a grin, leading the girls to the sofa to sit and watch us. It didn't take us long, but the girls seemed to enjoy the show. I couldn't help but get hard looking at four sets of tits on display, my wife giving her chest a little wiggle to make her tits move for me.

"Now the next game is called blackout. The lights in the rec room downstairs will be out. You'll have thirty minutes to make your partner come. Ladies and gentlemen that is. Both of you have to come. Anyone that hasn't come by the end of the thirty minutes will have to stand up in front of everyone and masturbate until they do. You can touch, you can feel, you can do anything you want, EXCEPT talk! It's all non-verbal."

"That shouldn't be too hard," I said quietly.

"It would seem so," Janise said, hearing me. "But here's where the points come in. When you come down the stairs from up here, you'll pick the first woman in line as your partner. Now, the highest point couple, gets to pick where in line they want to be. That means that the ladies and guys will have to guess where their wife will be, if they want to end up with their wife or husband. A little strategy would be in order. Of course, at the end of the night no one will know for sure who they were with. Since Amanda only gained two points, she has the additional penalty of NOT being in control. That means that her male partner gets to choose how and where to do what with her. The rest of us got way more than four points, so we get to pick how and where we want to be touched. And before you ask, Amanda has a ribbon around her wrist to tell you that you're in charge. Of course, just because you find a ribbon doesn't mean it's her. Since we all have ribbons we can choose to either put on or not," Janise finished with a grin. "We're going to go down now and get organized. Give us a few minutes and come on down," she said getting up and motioning to the other girls to follow along.
