 So here's something you guys don't know about me yet— I was born in the South. Huntsville Alabama. The 'deep south' as my momma called it. We moved up here to upstate New York when I was ten—my daddy's brother got him a job in a big factory. My southern accent's long gone. Well, I think so anyway, but some people say they can still hear it. I still use southern words and phrases, hard not to when you grow up in a house full of southerners. It's all been Yankified though—y'all became you all, and stuff like that.

It was pretty traumatic moving up here, but Penny was one of the first people I met, and she was fun right off the bat. I already told you about how she clued me in as to what sex was in the first place, listening to my momma and daddy through my bedroom wall. We got into plenty of, shall we say, situations, growing up through our teen years, but I can't tell you about most of that stuff because it might incriminate some people, if you get my drift. Jail-bait was our middle name, I guess you could say.

High school ended and neither one of us went to college. I married Ronnie, he became a carpenters apprentice, and Penny married a jerk named Billy. She only married him because she was pregnant, and then she lost the baby. The marriage fizzled when he became even more of a jerk than he already was.

I really didn't see Penny much through our twenties and thirties—enough to stay friends, but we drifted apart a little bit. She never remarried, and stayed as wild as ever, and I just settled into the 'good wife' thing, and like I told you before, sexual boredom set in pretty severe.

Things picked up with Penny and me friendship wise when we were at a mutual friend's baby shower and we both had too much wine. It was so much fun, laughing with her and hugging, I just wanted to keep it going so I called her a few days later. Next thing you know Ronnie and me were up at her camp and Steve was there. The rest is history I guess is how they say it.

Having sex with Penny sorta blew my mind at first. Like I told you before, when it first happened up at the camp it felt real natural like and was awesome, putting my mouth on her pussy and making her cum. But when I got home and thought about it all it really kinda blew my mind. Sure, getting fucked real good by Steve blew my old brain apart too, but that sixty-nine with Penny seemed beyond comprehension, considering our history together.

She called me the next day, after we got home, to make sure I was okay with everything that happened. I was fine with it, felt better about life than I had in a long while, but it still felt like some kind of a mystery, the whole wild sex thing. The stuff we had done in our teens, that was slutty for sure, but never really wild. There was never even a three-way or anything like that. So being in a four way swapping situation at Penny's camp, with my husband and my best old friend, licking pussies, two guys at once, the whole works for a whole weekend, that was a real turning point for me that let loose twenty years of boredom.

I don't wanna sound too hard on Ronnie. We had a nice enough sex life for those twenty years. We used a few different positions, and the oral was decent. But time takes its toll and it just got stale. Penny's camp that weekend with Steve was a massive breath of fresh air.

Reading Steve's account of it I realize just how ready for it all I really was. And when Penny called when we got home I knew it had to continue. Thankfully Ronnie thought it was all awesome too and he wanted to see if we could keep that kinda thing in our lives. So, an open marriage was born.

We didn't wanna just go crazy with it and spin outta control, so we waited, just having sex with each other, but that was better than ever. Ronnie was splattering me with cum, and other stuff like that that we had never done before. It sounds funny to say it now, but Ronnie and me had never even done sixty-nine together before that weekend at Penny's, so all that new stuff really put some juice in the old sex life.

It was the housewarming party at Steve's camp that really drove home what was happening. Ronnie got together with a bunch of girls that night, and me, I just about lost my mind fucking anything that moved. I was nearly unconscious when Ronnie brought me home, and I was sore for days afterward, but it was just an incredible, unbelievable experience. Penny called the next day to see if I was all right, and I just knew when I was talking to her that I wanted stuff like that to happen more often. I talked it over with Ronnie and he was into the idea too.

I invited Penny over for dinner that next week. I told her to dress sexy, so I'm pretty sure she knew what was on my mind. Ronnie didn't know, but when he saw me in my little dress and Penny took off her coat and had on awesome slut clothes, he got a big smile on his face.

We ate and drank a bunch and laughed about the old days. When it felt right I took their hands and led them to the bedroom. Penny put her hands on the low dresser and arched her back with her legs spread real slutty. She looked over her shoulder at Ronnie, he pushed up the little short dress that was barely covering her ass, and she wasn't wearing any underwear. It was the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life I swear to God. Ronnie pulled out his cock and fucked her right there, with me standing there watching. I swear to God I had an orgasm just standing there, not moving a muscle. It was all so fucking intense I can hardly even write this, my hands are trembling just remembering it. Ronnie's cock slid in and out of her, all shiny and slippery looking, and Penny's long legs were like a perfect 'V', her knees locked stiff and her beautiful ass in Ronnie's hands. She was gushing air out of her nose like horses do when they're excited, and she was clutching at the folded up clothes on top of the dresser. Ronnie fucked her faster, moaning with his mouth open, and Penny's body started vibrating and twitching like she was starting to loose control. Ronnie's body looked so big and powerful, and all that powerful energy transferred into Penny's insides and she came like a motherfucker. There's really no better way of putting it—she came like a motherfucker. It may be the single sexiest thing I've ever witnessed in my life. Holy God it was something else, and I just had a little orgasm sitting here telling you about it.