 This is another in the continuing adventures of Dylan James, Hollywood stuntman and stud. You need to read part 1 of Dylan Joins The Band to understand what happens. Dylan's adventures started out with the "One For The Road" series. Please check all his adventures out. Thanks for the interest and support. And please remember to vote. All emails are welcome.

*

"What did you say?" Dylan asked as he watched Angel struggle into her skin-tight vinyl pants. 

"I want you to fuck the members of my band tonight during the show. It will be fun to see if you can do it."

"Why would you want me to do that?"

"No reason. You asked me what I wanted for my birthday. Other then fucking you, that's what I want. If you can't do that, okay." Angel was zipping up the skin-tight pants that she had somehow squeezed into. They molded to the curves of her smoking body like a second skin outlining everything including the lips of her pussy.

"But they all have boyfriends or husbands, why would they want to fuck me?"

"Because they are sluts, everyone one of them. The fun part would be to see if you could do it in one night. Jade is engaged to be married next week. Eve, the bass player would do you right now if you asked her -- she thinks you are hot. Misty has a boyfriend, but I know she fucks around -- so..." Angel left the unsaid end of that sentence hanging out in space. She finished putting her black top on and opened the back door to the van. Dylan was still sitting naked on the floor of the van. She jumped out and looked back at Dylan. 

"I have to go get ready for the set. I will see you afterward. Look, I was just kidding about the other girls -- I just thought it would be fun. If you are uncomfortable with it, I understand. Later, lover."

She slammed the door shut and the old van creaked on its shocks. Dylan leaned back and looked up at the rusted ceiling of the van. Why did he feel like he had just been put down? He had just fucked her really well, yet she seemed unhappy with him. Women? Can't live with them, and you can't kill them! Not that he wanted to, but he sure did not understand them sometimes. Why would she want him to fuck her band?

He reached for his jeans and put them on. After putting on his boots and shirt, he got out of the "ole fuck bucket" as Angel called it and went inside. The place was about half full and Angel was up on the bandstand doing some final equipment and sound checks. He went over to the bar and got a JD on the rocks. His thoughts were still confused. He really felt like leaving. He had gotten laid, and really there was no special bond between Angel and him. She was a great fuck, but that was all it was for both of them. As he sipped his JD and thought about what he should do next, a cute blond slipped into next to him at the bar. 

"Hi," she said as she smiled at him.

"Oh ...hi." Dylan said as he stuttered to remember the bass player's name. Eve, that was her name. "How's it going, Eve? You almost ready?"

"Yeah, I am all done -- just waiting for everyone to do their stuff," Eve said as she signaled the bartender. She was a pretty girl with a slim figure, pale skin and dyed blond hair. She was wearing a long 50's style party dress and combat boots. She didn't have any tattoos that showed and the only jewelry that she wore was a simple choker around her neck. 

"We heard you giving Angel her birthday present. It sounded like fun."

Dylan turned bright red at that. He usually did not get embarrassed by sex or having it, but for some reason he was blushing like a red rose.

"You're cute," Eve laughed at him. "Ang says you fuck like a monster, but you're all red. That's cute." 

Dylan took a big gulp of his JD.

"Look, I don't know if you are and Ang are anything real, but if you're interested ... I think you are extremely hot, so ... let me know, okay?"

With that, Eve gave his arm a squeeze, and turned away from the bar. As she walked towards the bandstand, Dylan turned to watch her as she left. She had a great walk, her ass swaying back and forth as she moved with a slow strut. Because of her loose fitting dress, he really couldn't tell what her whole body looked like, but it seemed to fit right in all the right places. Her perfume and voice were certainly sexy; well ... His cock gave a lurch down his leg at the thought that passed thru his both of his heads, top and bottom. Maybe fucking her here would be possible?

About that moment, the lights went down and the MC announced, "Welcome, Hell In Heels!" 

The lead singer, Jade stepped forward and welcomed the crowd to the show. This was a semi-private party for some fashion designer who had a show in LA at the moment, and he loved this band. Jade nodded at Angel who counted off and then the band slammed into a kick ass version of Aerosmith's 'Sweet Emotion." As the girls worked their way thru the first song, Dylan was impressed. He thought that this band would probably suck, but they really could play. Angel and Eve laid down a tight rhythm and the lead guitar player, Misty really had some nice licks. Jade had a lot of stage presence and a great rock voice. He slowly moved from the bar toward the front of the band stand. He drifted to Eve's side of the small stage. She was very energetic dancing around the stage and flirting with the audience. About mid-way through the third song, Eve saw him down front leaning against the wall, and she smiled at him. Between songs, she went back up to Angel and said something to her. They both looked in his direction and then laughed. As the set continued, Angel every once in a while would look at him and nod towards Eve. At the end of the 6th song, Eve moved to the edge of the stage right in front of him and lifted the hem of her dress just enough for him to see that she had no underwear on. The crowd around him just roared their approval as she smiled down at him and bounced away. 

Towards the end of the set, Dylan moved back to the bar and got another shot. He was sitting there when the first set ended and the very entertained crowd poured out their approval. As the applause washed over the stage, the girls moved off stage, and the sole roadie they had, a young girl named Kris, started getting setup for the next set. 

After a few minutes, a gentle touch on his shoulder and a sweet kiss on his ear, told him Angel had arrived. He turned around and gave her a strong kiss and held her to him. She really was a very hot girl. 

"How did you like the set?" she asked with a little concern in her voice. Dylan smiled to himself. That was the first time she had every shown any doubt about anything since he met her. 

"I loved it! You guys are great."

"Good. Hey, come backstage. I wanna show you something." Angel took his hand and led him through the crowd. When they got backstage, Dylan noticed there were doors leading to two dressing rooms. Angel knocked on one and opened the door. She pulled him in after her. "Misty and Jade are in the one next door. I am sharing this one with Eve. It is the first time that we haven't been all crammed into one. Come on."

As she pulled him into the room, he saw it had really dark walls and low lights except over the two make up tables. There were a couple of old couches in the room. A very typical dressing room in a small second rate club. Angel locked the door behind her. At that moment, Eve walked out of what he guessed was the bathroom, and she stopped when she saw him. 

"Hey girl, look who I found." Angel said as she moved to Dylan's side.

"I believe you have met each other, but I don't think you have seen this, Eve." Angel said has she unzipped a surprised Dylan's jeans, and pulled out his quickly growing cock. 

"Wow!" was all that Eve could manage as she stared at Dylan's large cock. At 9 inches long and 8 inches around, it was impressive as it pointed right at her. Angel moved around to the back of Eve and unzipped her dress. 

"Eve always changes outfits between sets. Here let me help you, babe." Angel said as she slipped the thin straps off Eve's thin shoulders, and the dress slid down and pooled at Eve's feet. Eve's body was beautiful; pale smooth white skin, and no piercings or tattoos anywhere. Her breasts were small but full and round, probably about a 34C, and they were tipped by two pale pink nipples that were very erect at the moment. Her graceful torso led down to very womanly hips and her vagina was covered with a patch of black pubic hair. Her legs were very slim and nice. She was not in the kind of shape that Angel was -- but it was an extremely fine and sexy body. Dylan's cock surged to full length just looking at this slim rock & roller. Angel's hands came up and cupped Eve's creamy breasts. She pinched her pink nipples and gently pulled the tips out from her body. Eve leaned back against Angel and moaned softly. Angel began to kiss the neck and shoulders of Eve as she eased her back towards one of the couches. Dylan just stood there with his dick hanging out watching these two beauties get warmed up. 

Angel had moved Eve and herself onto one of the arms of the couch. She was sitting on the arm with Eve in her lap as she continued to kiss her neck and play with Eve's lovely tits. All at once, Angel threw her weight back, and Eve and she went flying back on to the couch with their legs hanging over the arm of the couch. Eve's cunt was now almost level with Dylan's raging hard-on and he quickly moved between the spread legs of Eve and Angel. Eve had turned her head straining to kiss Angel as the drummer continued to play with her heaving tits. Dylan's cockhead bumped into Eve's hair cover furrow and slid up to nudge against her throbbing clit. He took his thumb and ran it down Eve's slot to see how wet she was. Her outer lips and the hair around them were soaking, and he could feel the heat rising from her hot pussy. Using his thumb and forefinger, he moved his large mushroom head between the moist lips of her humid cunt and pushed. His large cock cut into her tight slick cunt like a hot knife through warm butter. In two strokes he was balls deep into Eve's upturned pussy, and he could feel the tight grasp of her cunt as it pulsated against his invading member. Eve moaned deep in her throat as she continued to trade tongue with Angel. Dylan began to rub her rock hard clit in time with his strokes as he gently drove his cock into her wet cunt. He was only going in about 6 inches on each stroke as his iron cock relaxed in the gripping heat of her tight little cunt. Eve, still kissing Angel, brought her legs up and wrapped them around Dylan's waist.

Eve's hands were covering Angel's has she mauled and squeezed Eve's succulent tits. She was trying to thrust her hips to meet Dylan's thrusts but the angle and support under her back made that almost impossible. Angel broke the kiss with Eve, "Fuck her hard Dylan. She loves it hard. Give it to her!" 

Dylan moved his hands from Eve's clit to her hips and pulled her ass closer to the edge of the couch. He drilled into her sopping cunt with a powerful stroke that bottomed out against her cervix. "Oh Yeah!" Eve groaned as Dylan drilled into her tunnel time and time again stoking her internal fire higher and higher with each thrust of his rampaging cock. Eve's tits were all red and mottled from Angel's constant pulling and pinching. Eve's own fingers were busy rubbing her clit as fast as she could to help drive her to the huge orgasm she knew was coming. An orgasm being powered by Dylan ramming his giant cock as far up her juicing cunt as he could go. 

The sound in the small dressing room was a symphony of noise. From the dull roar of the crowd outside the door, to the pulsating beat of the songs playing from the house speakers, to the constant low urgings of Angel for Eve to cum, to the growing moans of Eve as Dylan and Angel stoked her higher, to the squishing noise from Eve's dripping cunt as Dylan plowed into her relentlessly, to the squeaking and shaking of the old couch as all three bouncing bodies thrashed about. The symphony, the heat and the pleasure grew and grew as Dylan and Angel plowed, pinched and probed Eve's hot, tortured body. Her cunt muscles began to flutter along the length of Dylan's plunging cock and he knew that she was close. The stimulation of cock, clit and tits sent her over the top and her whole body began to shake from the intensity of her orgasm. 

"AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!" she cried out as her hands flew over her juicy little clit and Dylan drilled deep into her clutching gushing cunt. The walls of her cunt fluttered and gripped him as he continued to drill into her heat. 

"OH GOD ...OH GOD...OH GOD....UUHHHHHH!!!" she groaned as the sensations washed over her. 

Finally, she stopped shaking and her body relaxed and sagged against Angel. Dylan was still thrusting in and out of her very wet upturned cunt. His cum was still a little ways off and he was extremely anxious to get there. Angel looked up at him and asked, "Do you need more?"

"God, yes!" he grunted still thrusting.

Eve just groaned, still in her cum-haze, unable to form a clear word. Angel pushed Eve's limp body up toward Dylan as she slid out from under her band-mate. Dylan pulled Eve up to him. She was limp in his arms and he kissed her full lips probing her warm sweet mouth with his tongue. The kiss seemed to revive Eve just a little as she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him closer. Looking over Eve's shoulder, Dylan looked for Angel and saw she was off the couch; then he dropped his hands to Eve tight little ass and picked her up. With his great prick still buried in her juicy cunt, he moved around the arm of the couch and lay Eve back down. He placed his arms under her knees and increased his leverage by putting one foot on the floor and the other against the arm of the couch. Angel bent down and began to whisper in his ear to "fuck her and fuck her hard." Dylan pulled his hips back until just the head of his cock was still inside Eve's pulsating pussy: he paused a moment and then speared into her cunt full strength. His cock deep drove into her cunt and surged past the inner mouth of her cervix and up into her womb. 

"UUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!" Eve cried out as Dylan drilled into her inner depths again and again seeking his own release. Eve started shaking almost immediately his he punched into her womb on each stroke. The tightness and the warmth of her sucking, rippling cunt was almost too much for him, but he continued to plow on drilling deeper and deeper into her womanly core. The tension was building in his balls, Eve was wailing in one ear from the constant orgasm she was on, and Angel was whispering in the other. So when Angel slipped her finger into his tight asshole and massaged his prostate, his cock exploded into Eve's grasping and creaming cunt. The sensation of Angel's finger in his ass was so intense that he thrust deep into Eve's womb one time and fired all of his cum right there. The pressure of his volleys quickly filled her womb, her tunnel and blew out around the seal between her cunt and his cock. Their mingled cum leaked down her ass and spread all over the old stained couch. They collapsed against each other exhausted from the intense cum. He felt Angel's finger pull out of his ass and his cock fired another couple of small shots because of the relieved pressure. 

He slowly pushed up from Eve and his deflated cock pulled out of her tight cunt making a sucking sound as he left. When he got to his feet, Eve was draped over the couch with one leg of the floor and another thrown over the back. Her pussy was leaking an amazing amount of white creamy liquid that poured out onto the couch. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing very deeply. Angel sank to her knees and sucked his spermy cock into her mouth licking him clean.

A loud knock came on the door, and Kris the roadie called out that they had to go on for the 2nd set. Angel rose to her feet and kissed him deeply. He could taste himself and Eve all over her tongue. He savored the favor as Angel and he dueled with their tongues. Finally she broke the kiss and whispered in his ear. 

"Well, that is half of my present. Wanna get me the rest?"

(To be continued)