 My wife Karen and I started throwing an annual Halloween party a few years ago at our house. Halloween was always one of my favorite parties when I was in school because people always got a little crazy.

Karen is a trim, attractive woman with long dark hair and a great rack. She enjoys showing a bit of cleavage and gets a thrill out of other guys checking her out—so do I. 

Our first Halloween party was great. Nothing got too out of hand, although Karen did turn a lot of heads with her sexy nurse outfit that showed a lot more cleavage than usual. 

The second party we threw had a good turnout. About 25-30 people showed up.

Karen became more daring and wore a sexy schoolgirl outfit with tiny plaid skirt and a matching top. The top was so small that the bottom of it stuck out from her body and when she moved it had a tendency to ride up a bit, exposing the underside of her breasts. She was constantly readjusting it to great effect and received a lot of attention from the guys.

Karen became less careful as the evening proceeded, partly from all the alcohol, and at one point her top nearly rose above her nipples before one of the wives pointed it out to her. Karen feigned innocence and pulled the top back down over her breasts but I knew it was an act. She was loving the effect she was having on all the men.

There was a similar issue with her skirt. Although not quite as revealing as her top, at times you could make out the underside of her bare ass underneath and I'm pretty sure a number of people realized she wasn't wearing any underwear. 

A few times she made a point of bending over, to reach for something or adjust the stereo, and some of the guests got a good view of her body. At one point I noticed that when Karen bent over her top hung down enough so you could get a good view of her breasts from behind, along with part of her ass.

Most of the wives had typical Halloween costumes and were pretty well covered. Emily, John's wife, also wore a schoolgirl outfit. Emily has a petite frame and incredibly large breasts for her size, which I really wanted to get a look at. Although less revealing than Karen's costume, Emily's blouse was unbuttoned and tied below her tits, showing a nice amount of cleavage. It was obvious that Emily wasn't wearing a bra. 

Karen did receive a few comments from some of the wives on her choice of costume. Some of them praised her level of daring and wished they had the nerve to wear something like that. Only Mary, Steve's wife, had a real problem with it. Mary, a hot little blond, was wearing a rather conservative nurse uniform.

Mary was a bit uptight and didn't think it was right for Karen to be flaunting herself like that. In response, Karen mocked Mary for being a wet blanket.

"It's Halloween Mary, you should lighten up and have some fun," Karen said. "Look, we're all adults here. We're all friends. I'm just not ashamed of my body the way you are."

"I'm not ashamed of my body," Mary replied. "I just don't feel the need to show it off in front of everyone."

I got a few comments from the guys as well, telling me how hot Karen looked. I told them there was no harm in looking, but it was too bad their own wives were more covered up.

The evening progressed, the alcohol flowed and the number of guests fell as some of them left—either because they had kids to take care or couldn't keep up with the rest of us. At this point there were about 15 people left, mostly couples, and about five single guys.

By now dance music was playing in the basement where Karen really became the center of attention. Her breasts kept shaking loose of her top and each time she would let them swing freely for a bit before readjusting her shirt in an intentionally futile effort to keep them covered.

Scanning the room, I noticed that all the guys were watching Karen intently and were obviously turned on.

Karen dragged Emily over to dance with her. They were both pretty tipsy and even Emily seemed transfixed by Karen's breasts. Emily whispered something to Karen and they exchanged a few words. I later found out that Emily was telling Karen that since she obviously wanted to show off her breasts, she might as well drop the act and go topless. Karen replied "I will if you will." Emily refused, but Karen pleaded with her.

"Oh come on, let's loosen things up a little," Karen told Emily. "It'll be fun. We can tease the guys and piss off Mary at the same time."

Some combination of the alcohol, the mood of the evening and Emily's dislike of Mary must have convinced her because Emily gave no protest when Karen untied Emily's shirt and let it fall to the floor. Emily then did the same to Karen.

There were more than a few gasps from the crowd and a few whistles from the guys as we all took in this new spectacle of these two topless women dancing together. They shook their breasts with glee as people moved in closer for a better view—the single guys, a few married ones and even some of the women. I was sitting on one of the couches, enjoying the show. A few people looked at me to gauge my reaction. Both Karen and Emily seemed to really enjoy the attention.

Karen and Emily danced closer and closer to each other, their bodies almost touching, before Karen reached out and playfully tweaked one of Emily's breasts. Emily did the same to Karen. Then started checking out each other's breasts with their hands and were soon caressing each other. Karen grabbed Emily by the neck, pulled her closer and started kissing her. Emily was hesitant at first and started to back away, but Karen put her in a full embrace and they were soon making out.

Mary came downstairs at this point and was obviously shocked at what she saw. She watched Karen and Emily for a few moments before tugging at Steve's elbow and whispering in his ear. Mary looked like she wanted to leave, but Steve wasn't hearing any of it. There was no way he was going to miss this.

Karen dropped to the floor, removed Emily's skirt and dove for her bush. Emily was surprised at first and started to back away, but Karen's hands were firmly on Emily's tight ass. Emily tried again to pull away but soon gave up as Karen's tongue darted between her legs. Emily was clearly enjoying this. She closed her eyes and the expression on her face turned from surprise to one of sheer bliss.

After about a minute or so, Karen removed her own skirt and pulled Emily to the floor. They had an intense makeout session, while groping each other's bodies and feasting on each other's breasts. Then they got into a 69 and there was no turning back. 

I undid my pants and started stroking my dick. A few other guys were doing the same. Some of the wives had their husband's dicks out as well and were stroking them. When Karen and Emily both came everyone erupted with applause.

Looking around, Emily came to her senses and was suddenly embarrassed. She picked up her clothes, used them to cover her body and started to leave the room but her husband John had other ideas. He was completely naked and ready to go. John pulled Emily to the floor, had her get on all fours and started fucking her from behind. I did the same with Karen and the crowd hooted and cheered its approval. 

One of the single guys, Jack, boldly disrobed and knelt in front of Karen. She didn't hesitate and started sucking on his cock. Another single guy, Brian, tried to do the same with Emily but she resisted. John leaned forward and whispered in his wife's ear "suck his cock baby, go ahead, I want to see you suck his cock."

Emily hesitated a bit more but after a few more thrusts from her husband she opened her mouth and started sucking on Brian's dick.

It was quite a sight with my wife sucking on another man's dick and Emily on all fours with a guy at each end. Her amazing breasts hung down and swayed back and forth as she bucked against her husband's thrusts and slid her mouth over Brian's shaft.

I soon came and sat down on the floor to catch my breath. Looking around, I noticed most of the people were now naked and going at it. Many of them were couples who were either sucking or fucking each others brains out. Even Mary was on her knees, giving her husband a blowjob in the corner.

My attention returned to Karen as I could hear Jack coming. Karen milked his balls for all he was worth, swallowing load after load until he fell limply from her mouth.

"Somebody fuck me," Karen demanded. Another single guy, Ed, joined her on the floor. She pushed Ed onto his back and mounted him. 

I went over to Mary and started removing her nurse costume. At first she tried to stop me but Steve responded by undoing the zipper on the back of her uniform. Then Steve sat on a couch and I removed the rest of Mary's consume. She got on all fours and continued blowing her husband while I spread her legs and crawled underneath her. Mary didn't argue when I grabbed her by the ass and pulled her pussy down to my face.

Someone started sucking on my dick and I noticed it was Emily. I motioned to Emily that she should trade places with me. She shook her head "no" but I insisted. Emily didn't take much convincing and she soon replaced me. I watched Karen's breasts heave as she rode Ed's cock and it wasn't long before my dick started waking up again.

When Steve came, Mary was surprised to find that it was Emily whose face she was now riding. She didn't complain, however, as she was clearly enjoying the tongue lashing that Emily was giving her.

After Mary came, Emily lay on her back and demanded that Mary reciprocate. I was surprised that Mary didn't argue. Mary also didn't protest when I entered her from behind. I reached around and caressed Mary's perky breasts with my hands as I fucked her.

After I came Mary, Emily and I sat on the couch to rest and watch the scene. Everyone was naked and either enjoying someone else's pleasures or resting from having done so. Karen was sucking on Steve's cock to revive him. 

"This is the best sex I've ever had in my life," Emily said.

"Me too," Mary said.

They were both surprised at having been with another woman as well. They each admitted that they had thought about it in the past but always figured it was something they wouldn't dare go through with.

Then Emily and Mary took turns sucking on my dick to revive me. As I got hard they both started sliding their tongues up and down my shaft. Their mouths frequently met and they would pause to make out a bit before pleasing me again. When I came Emily swallowed my first few loads, then Mary took over and milked me dry as she kept sucking and sucking away with abandon. I was amazed she could suck a dick so well.

Soon both of them were on the floor again in a 69 while I watched. Karen was on all fours again, getting fucked from behind by Steve while she sucked on Brian's dick.

A number of the other married couples only had sex with each other that night, but it was still fun to see them getting it on. That did leave the other married women to service the rest of the men, which they didn't seem to mind—especially Karen.

Before the night was over, I got to tit-fuck Emily which I had been dreaming of for years. I plunged my dick between her amazing breasts and when I came she swallowed my entire load. 

Many people spent the night as they were too tired to go anywhere. Some of the guys could barely walk, including me.