 ****

-- CHAPTER 3: After the Date --

****

*-- FEBRUARY 2007 --*

"He's a stockroom clerk."

"I know."

"He's three years younger than you!"

"Only two, at least until April." I sat there and looked at Stella, waiting her out. "Got anything else?"

Stella grinned and shook her head. Her time playing Devil's Advocate was over. "Nope. Not a thing. After all, I WAS trying to set you two up together. And how the heck did this happen? I thought you two were 'just friends'." Stella even put her hands up to make the air quotes.

I rolled my eyes. "What did you THINK I was going to tell you until I figured out if we'd be good together?"

"Oh, so you *lied* to me back in January when you claimed you had no interest in each other? If I'd known how you really felt, I would have done a LOT more to help you two hook up!"

I chuckled. "Thank you, but I think I did just fine on my own."

"I'll say..." Stella then shook her head wryly. "I can't believe you put out on the first date."

"Hey, YOU were the one telling me I needed to get laid." I blushed. I wasn't going to announce that Teddy and I had actually first slept together last December. So I just shrugged and replied, "No regrets. And I'm not worried. He's here for the long haul."

"He was that good?" Stella asked with a twinkle in her eye.

I nodded with a bigger gleam in mine. "He came four times. Five, if you count this morning."

"You little slut!"

I giggled and nodded.

"Five times???" she asked incredulously. "Most I've ever gotten out of Chuck was three, *including* the morning after. But did he get *you* off?"

I leveled my gaze at my pretty blonde friend. "Would I have been this excited to tell you this morning if he didn't take care of me? The boy's a born muff-diver; and he's *good*."

"*Sooo* jealous... He could've been *mine*."

"Wait, what?" I popped my eyebrows.

"Oh, it's nothing serious." Stella waved her hand dismissively. "When Chuck and I were having issues last November, for around fifteen minutes I thought about seducing Teddy. I really don't meet that many guys my own age around here. And he IS cute."

I smiled smugly. "He wouldn't have gone for you. He was still crushing on me."

"Maybe." Stella gave me a challenging grin. "But then you've never actually *seen* me go to work."

I laughed and the two of us chuckled over that for a few seconds. Stella then leaned forward and slapped my knee, a look of mock outrage on her face. "So how come *I* didn't know you two were going on a date last night? It was a Wednesday! What's up with that?"

I giggled again and explained what had happened, starting back in the lab when I managed to spill chemicals into my face. After telling Amber the story this morning, I had the whole thing pretty much worked out.

I'd have the story down pat by the time I had to tell Audrey and Paula.

We were just getting to the point in the narrative where Teddy was walking me up to my door after dinner. He'd kissed me and was just about to walk away, stammering about how he didn't want to presume that I'd put out for him on the first date. But before I could get to that part, a knock sounded at my office door.

Momentarily surprised, I blinked and then looked past Stella, who was sitting in one of my wing chairs. And then I called out, "Come in."

The door swung open, and a big smile spread across my face as I saw who was coming in. "Teddy!" I exclaimed.

"Hiii, E-Beth," he greeted me warmly, that goofy grin appearing at the mere sight of me. But a second later, he jerked in surprise. "Oh, uh, hi, Stella."

"Teddy..." Stella drawled, an impish smirk on her face.

"What's up?" I asked.

"Oh, well, uh, I... I can come back later," the poor boy stammered.

"No, no, it's okay," Stella darted her eyes to me, rising up from her seat. "I can go."

"No, I'm interrupting," Teddy apologized. "You shouldn't have to."

"What's up?" I asked a little more emphatically. Teddy *never* had come to my office before. I was a little curious as to why, or if it was just a general desire to see me after our night together.

Teddy darted his eyes to Stella again, looking nervous. And then looking right at me to get my full attention, he said in a measured tone, "Well, ah, I had told you... before... that there was something I would have to come tell you... today..." He was being coy about the details, and I realized that he didn't want to announce that he'd been with me that morning.

I chuckled and then waved dismissively at Stella. "Don't worry about her. I was just giving her all the details about our date."

Teddy's eyebrows shot up. "ALL the details?"

I grinned. "Well, not ALL of them. But enough. She knows you spent the night."

"Oh, uh, okay..."

"So what was it you wanted to tell me?"

Teddy looked over at Stella again, clearly uncomfortable. But to his credit, the boy just straightened his spine and threw caution to the wind, damn the consequences. He stepped forward, wrapped me up in his arms, and then dipped me like they do in the movies. His strong, warm lips covered mine as he gave me a kiss of passion with all the need and longing he'd built up since we'd parted that morning. And I felt my entire body going weak, let alone my knees.

And when he finally pulled his lips off mine, from inches away Teddy intoned in a deep voice, "I'm falling in love with you."

I just blinked rapidly and smiled broadly. *He's falling in love with me!*

He then stood me up, touched my cheek tenderly, and stated, "Now you know that I really mean it."

And with one last smug look over to Stella, my new boyfriend turned and strode out of the office.

Together, my blonde friend and I looked after the departing man. And together, we sighed dreamily.

"*Sooo* jealous..." Stella moaned.

****

"Wow..." Teddy's chest rose and fell dramatically as he flopped onto his back, his deflating prick wet from the moisture of both our orgasms. "I take it back," he wheezed. "I'm not falling in love with you."

"Huh?" I picked my head up and furrowed my eyebrows as I stared over at the panting, naked young man.

Teddy chuckled and grinned as he looked over at me. "I'm already *in* love with you."

"That's just the sex talking." I rolled my eyes and turned myself onto my side. I propped myself up on one elbow, and the overall position made my heavy boobs rest one on top of the other, creating a deep line of cleavage.

"Wow..." Teddy moaned again, his eyes widening as he stared at my prodigious, naked bosom. He reached out, almost delicately caressing my breasts as if they were made of fine china.

I rolled my eyes again and snickered. "Now that's *really* the sex talking."

"The sex is great," Teddy agreed with a smile. He gently pushed at my shoulder, rolling me onto my back as he propped himself up above me, looking down at my face with adoration. "I didn't know girls were even *capable* of moving their inner muscles like that. It was like you were fucking me and giving me a handjob at the same time!"

I grinned. "We old broads have some tricks up our sleeves."

"Old broad," Teddy snorted.

"Well, I am."

"Stop saying that. You're young, youthful, and beautiful. And you are NOT too old for me, alright?" he scolded.

I smiled happily. "Alright."

His eyes softened, and he moved his hand away from my boobs and up to my cheek. Caressing it tenderly, he bent down and kissed me softly. "And this is more than sex to me. Don't get me wrong, I love it. *Love* it. But I've been IN LOVE with you for... well... it feels like forever."

"Why?" I furrowed my eyebrows together. "You'll forgive me for asking, but I've never... *never* had a guy seem so completely in love with me before in my life. I know I'm not the hottest babe on the planet, not the type who gets worshipped from afar, so you'll forgive me if I'm a little skeptical that you could be so head-over-heels for me in one week."

"I've known you for a lot longer than one week." Teddy frowned.

"Dating for a week, then."

"I've been in love with you since the day I first met you," Teddy said sincerely. "I thought you were simply stunning."

I rolled my eyes dismissively. "There you go again. I'm NOT that stunning."

"You are to me."

"My BOOBS must have blinded you."

Teddy glanced down, nuzzling his nose in my cleavage. "Yes, you have the most stunning pair of tits I've ever seen. They're perfect. And they certainly got my attention. But I love your face. I love your smile. And for a nerd like me, your *brain* is fucking *sexy*."

I giggled. "My *brain*?"

"You're brilliant, E-Beth," Teddy crooned. "I see the reports. I see the things you come up with in the labs. You're *incredible*."

"I haven't figured out this one yet."

"You will," he said confidently.

I shook my head. "I don't get how you can have such faith in me, even though you barely know me."

"I've been watching you for almost nine months now. I think I know enough to have some confidence in your abilities. Just like we've now had sex six different times." Teddy then moved my hand lower, to where I could grab his re-hardened erection.

My eyebrows rose in surprise at his rigidity as Teddy grinned and said, "So you should have some faith in my ability to get hard again for you."

"What was that, two minutes?" I gaped.

"We were talking about your brain," Teddy smirked. "I *told* you I find it sexy."

****

"So we're still on for tonight?" I asked excitedly into my cell phone. I was in my own office at work, and Teddy was in the stockroom. But for some reason, it just felt appropriate to be making this personal call on our cell phones instead of on the company lines.

His warm voice came through. "Absolutely. My friends are eager to meet you. And *I'm* eager to show you off. It's been such a long time that they've started teasing that you must look like a dog for me to have not introduced you yet."

"It's only been two weeks!" I protested.

"That's what I said. They complained that two weeks is plenty of time for me to have brought you by at least *once*. I finally had to tell them that we'd been pretty... uh... occupied... for the past two weeks."

"Mm, we certainly have..." I giggled, thinking about how we'd more or less spent every single night together in some fashion. There were the Sundays he missed because it was his weekly 'Family Dinner', which I wouldn't be invited to until we were like engaged or something. And there was the one Thursday night when he'd previously agreed to go to a basketball game with one of his best friends who had gotten tickets. Yeah, he often went home after work and had time to chat with his friends until coming to meet me for dinner. But other than that, Teddy spent every night of the past two weeks at my place... and in my bed. It was our honeymoon phase. And it had been *glorious*.

We chatted a bit just for a few minutes, and then Teddy ended the call by admonishing, "And don't work too late tonight, okay? We're meeting them at eight."

"No worries. I'm a girl and I'm meeting my boyfriend's friends for the first time. I'm leaving here before *five* just to give myself enough time to primp."

Teddy chuckled and I could actually picture him shaking his head in amusement. I hung up first and then sat back in my chair, sighing happily. My world was absolutely perfect.

And then the knock sounded at the door. I picked my head up and then looked through the floor-to-ceiling 2-foot window that ran next to my door. My boss, Alfred, leaned into view so that I could see him, and I sat up straight to wave him in.

"Good afternoon, Elizabeth," Alfred greeted me in a grandfatherly voice. "May I borrow a moment of your time?"

"Of course, of course." I stood politely and gestured to a wing chair.

He nodded and then turned around, conspicuously closing the door. I felt the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. Whatever he had to say would be private. I wasn't too worried. After all, my work was doing just fine. But it was still just a little unnerving to wonder what he was coming to say.

The door closed, Alfred took his seat, and then he collected himself. I waited anxiously until he cleared his throat. And in a patient, almost indifferent tone, he stated, "I understand you've recently become involved with a young man."

My head jerked up straight and I furrowed my eyebrows. Was Alfred asking about my dating life? "Uh... yes. Yes, I have," I stammered.

"A young man who is also an employee of this company," Alfred clarified.

I blinked twice. "I, uh..." I sputtered nervously. "Is that a problem? I mean, I reviewed the company regulations and as long as we're not in any sort of supervisory-"

"No, no, dear," Alfred interrupted me, holding up a hand. I shut up immediately. And he explained, saying, "I merely wanted to confirm what I had heard. I'm not here to reprimand you or otherwise discourage the relationship."

"Oh." Relieved, I sagged back into my chair and took a deep breath.

"What do you know of this young man?" Alfred inquired.

"Teddy? Uh, well, a few things I guess. He's worked in the stockroom since last June, after graduating from Harvard. He's an above-average dancer and a very sweet guy. He's under a lot of pressure from his parents, but they actually encouraged the stockroom job because they thought it would build his character."

Alfred was nodding and at this point, he leaned forward and gave me a very serious look. "Elizabeth, I'm not your father and I don't pretend to be. But I consider you a bright young star in my department and I'll admit to having certain... protective... feelings for you. I just don't want to see you get hurt."

He had such a look of parental concern on his face that I couldn't help but break into a smile and bark a short laugh. He *was* asking about my dating life! I grinned and said, "I can handle myself, Alfred. This isn't the first boyfriend I've had while working for you."

"True. But then, I'd never met any of them before. This Teddy is rather young, isn't he?"

I glanced down and had a little shit-eating grin. Teddy was certainly youthful. He still had the energy and enthusiasm of a teenager. And I hadn't had any one man fuck me for so long in one session since I'd been in college. I looked back up at Alfred and smiled. "He's young, yes. But he's very mature in some ways, the way he treats me for one. Teddy is a chivalrous gentleman, far more polished than a lot of older men I've been acquainted with. I think his parents trained him well."

Alfred smiled and nodded. "Good to hear. You sound very happy. So I take it that this..." his hands started waving "...relationship is not just a casual dalliance?"

I chuckled. It really was a surprise that Alfred could be asking me this. He usually stayed out of my private life, as long as I got results in the lab. But he was harmless and I trusted him. So I just nodded and replied, "I'd like to think so. We're light-years away from discussing commitments or marriage or anything like that. But I'm certain that this is much more than just a fling for the both of us."

Alfred smiled warmly and nodded again. He didn't say anything, but merely brought his palms together with fingers extended as if he were praying. And then with that little smile, he touched his index fingers to his nose. "That's good news. You deserve every happiness."

"Thank you." I tilted my head forward in salute and then sat up straight again, taking a deep breath. "Is that all? I must admit, I'm quite surprised you took an interest in this."

"Can't an old man harbor his own curiosities?" Alfred grinned. "I'm no gossip, but it's still interesting to find out what you young folk are up to."

"Well now you know."

He nodded and pushed down on the armrests to lever himself up and out of the chair. "You have a good day, Elizabeth," he said warmly. "And good luck with your burgeoning relationship."

"Thanks, Alfred." I smiled just as warmly. And then he left.

*Well *that* was weird.*

****

"So E-Beth. Are you *sure* I can borrow your boyfriend on Saturday? I mean, I don't want to interrupt what I'm sure is a fantastic sex life."

"It's fine, Wayne," I giggled. "Just don't wear him out moving all that furniture. I plan to give him quite a workout the next chance I get."

"Ah, man. I envy you," Wayne sighed, slapping his best friend on his shoulder.

"Hey!" Jayna, Wayne's girlfriend, slapped her boyfriend on *his* shoulder. "Keep making comments like that and *you* won't be getting any workout *at all*!"

Wayne cracked up and Jayna giggled. Teddy just sighed and wrapped his arm tighter around me.

"And I presume we're gonna have to wait on the Sunwell Plateau raid until tomorrow, huh?" Joshua asked, looking mildly annoyed.

Teddy looked at him and then back at me, giving his old High School friend a pointed look that clearly said, 'What do *you* think?'

Joshua's eyes studied my face and then dropped to my tits for a second before he turned around, muttering, "Yeah, yeah..."

I giggled and snuggled myself tighter to my boyfriend. 23-years-old or not, it was nice to know my man wouldn't even blink at choosing me over World of Warcraft, especially since The Burning Crusade had just come out a few weeks ago.

Still, I felt bad for taking up so much of Teddy's time over the past several weeks. His friends were all mock-amazed to see him, acting as if they didn't recognize his face after such a looong absence. The girls in the group were quite understanding about the situation, and the guys certainly didn't blame Teddy once they got a good look at me. But still, some of the gamer boys couldn't help but bitch about missed time and even Teddy himself seemed a little worried that he wasn't keeping up with his friends' character advancement. I knew Teddy's nerd-side was still in there somewhere, and I hadn't been giving it room to really breathe.

So I resolved to make a greater effort to give Teddy time and space. I would encourage him to spend more time with his friends, reassuring him that I had done just fine at entertaining myself before he and I hooked up together. I would do this... later. Right now, I wanted to "occupy" my man for just a little longer.

We waved goodbye to the three of them and Teddy's other friends. Dinner had been at the local Pizza parlor, drinking beer out of plastic pitchers and greasing up our intestines with Meat Lovers and Supremes. I knew I'd have to do some heavy exercising to make up for the unhealthy food. And I knew exactly what kind of exercising I wanted to do.

"Hurry up, lover," I husked seductively into Teddy's ear once we got into his truck. I was kneeling on the seat beside him, clutching his right arm as I licked his lobe and purred with obvious arousal in my voice.

The truck started and actually jerked he slammed it into reverse so fast. I giggled and then slid back to hurriedly fasten my seatbelt.

Twenty minutes later, we pulled up outside my condo. Teddy had a decent apartment himself, but he also was sharing the two-bedroom place with Samir, one of his friends. And it was simply a lot freer to have sex at my place without worrying about roommates.

As had become our custom, I waited in my seat after we'd parked, even though I was just as eager to get to the fucking as Teddy was. But I calmed myself and let him run around to my door, opening it and then reaching his arms up to me. I giggled while Teddy lowered me to the ground. And then pecking him quickly on the lips, I scampered up the walk, my keys already out and ready to open up the door.

I had just gotten it open when Teddy abruptly cut my legs out from under me. Giggling in delight, I let him scoop me into a newlywed carry and then step across the threshold. He kicked the door shut and continued carrying me in my arms all the way to the bedroom. I knew I wasn't the lightest of girls, and it was always a turn-on when my man showed off his wiry strength by bringing me in and then dropping us onto the bed without even breaking a sweat.
