 I woke up when I felt someone taking off my blind fold. It was Judy, and when I saw her face she looked like an angel. I saw her mouth a few words and then she remembered to take out the earplugs (I had forgotten about them too). "You doing great," she said. "You only need to go through a couple of more steps and your training will be complete."

"What will be next?"

"You now I can't tell you that." she said smiling. She bent down and gave me a deep kiss. She started to lick my ear and I started to get erect again. Her hand snaked down my front and started to play with my pubic hair. Her mouth moved to my nipples and started to lick and suck them. Then she started to kiss her way down. She then moved down to the end of the bed to lie between my legs. She grabbed my dick and brought it up to her lips. She smiled at me with those beautiful greens as she kisses the head of my cock. Then with a devilish look in her eyes, she stuck her tongue out and licked my cock from balls to head in one long, slow lick. 

Then she started to plant kisses all over it. She started to jack me off, taking her hand almost completely off me on the up stroke. A drop of pre cum started to form on top. She took her thumb and rubbed it into the head of my penis. Her lubricated thumb felt great on my glans and the more she rubbed, the more I would ooze. Then she kissed the head and swirled her tongue around it. She took my cock into her mouth slowly, licking her way down my shaft. She started to suck on the up stroke. Up and down her head went until my dick shined with her saliva. 

When she felt it was sufficiently wet enough, she sat up on the bed. She grabbed my cock and placed it between her glorious breasts. Squeezing them together, she started to move up and down, licking the head of my dick as she came down. After a while of this she started to suck on me again, this time while jacking me off quickly. I started to feel the pressure building up in my balls. That was when she stopped. I thought I was gonna cry. She smiled at me and said; "Sorry, but you can't come yet." Then she left the room.

Sara came in a few minutes later, just as my dick had started to soften. "How are you doing slave?" she asked when she came in the door naked. 

"Horny as hell." I answered.

"Really, that is such a coincidence. So am I." And I saw her hands reach down her front and start to rub her crotch. She spread her legs to give her hand access and inserted a finger in deep. Then she walked over to me and offered it to me. I licked her finger clean. "I can see that you're pretty close to being fully trained," she said smiling. 

She climbed onto the bed and straddled my chest. She leaned forward, offering me a breast and I sucked on it like a starving baby. Her ass rubbed up against my swollen dick causing me to suck even harder on her nipple. She sat up and moved up my chest to just under my neck, giving me a great view of her pussy, but not near enough to let me taste it. Her hand again went down to her wet vagina and started to rub herself. Her finger sank into her velvety folds and came back out wet. 

She spread that wetness over her engorged clit, moaning as she did. Then she inserted a finger deep into her vagina and started to stroke in and out. She inserted another one and threw her head back crying out in pleasure. She switched hands and started to stroke my cock behind her. Her well-lubricated hand slipped over my cock easily. She would switch hands whenever my cock started to get dry. I started to moan loudly as I felt my impending orgasm. She pulled her hand away from my cock and used it to rub her clit while the other one was stoking in and out of her pussy. When she came she left a puddle on my chest. Then she left.

When Judy came back in a few minutes later she was naked also. She saw the puddle of juices on my chest. Leaning over she said, "Let me clean this up for you," as she licked it up. She crawled up on the bed next to me with her sexy ass pointing at me. She immediately took my cock in her hands and started to give me a blowjob again. A few minutes later, Sara walked in with a strap on dildo on. She came up behind Judy's ass and started to eat her out. 

When she was good wet, Sara stood up and inserted the dildo into the redhead's pussy. She started in on her slowly, Judy moaning around my dick on every up stroke. Soon though Sara was pounding in to Judy faster and faster, causing them both to start crying out. I could tell Judy was enjoying the fucking from her friend, but not too much to miss me starting to have an orgasm. She pulled me out of her mouth and really started screaming as her own orgasm rocked over her. Sara slowed and when her Judy calmed, down removed the dildo and walked over to the dresser. 

She pulled out what looked like a long fat tube. She pulled out a tube of K-Y and started to apply it to the inside of the tube. Then she placed it over my dick. She pulled out a box from the drawer and placed my balls inside of it. She turned on a switch at the top of the device and it started to vibrate. After a while it would stop vibrating and I could feel something slowly rubbing up and down my shaft. That would stop and I felt something close around the bottom of the head of my cock and slowly rotate back and forth. It would switch between these things in a random order. The machine felt great (although not as good as Judy's blow job). After all the treatment I had gotten, and the nice show I was treated to it didn't take me long to feel my orgasm building. Just then the machine turned off.

Noting my confusion, Sara said, "It is a product of my own invention. It has a sensor in it that can detect when you are about to have an orgasm and stop. When you start to calm down, it will start back up again." She and Judy gave me a deep kiss just as the machine started back up again and left. They left me there for hours. No matter what I did, I could not ignore the workings of the incessant machine, nor could I get it to let me come. I was going insane. I needed to come so bad. 

A few hours later, Sara and Judy came back in, naked still. Judy shut off the machine and let it sit there for a few minutes before taking it off. I was so glad to be rid of that evil machine. As she took it off Sara stood over me and said, "Congratulations slave, you have almost graduated from your training. You must now eat us both out to an orgasm while the other one goes down on you. If you come before both of us has finished...you will have to start the training all over again."

I couldn't believe what she was saying. How in the hell am I supposed to last that long after all that they had put me through? I didn't know how I was going to do it but I was going to succeed damn it!!!

Sara straddled my face and Judy went to work on my cock. I dove right in to Sara's pussy. First I licked the inner folds with the tip of my tongue and slowly dug in deeper and deeper. She was already wet and had my face soaked in a matter of seconds. I moved up to her clit and slowly circled the sensitive organ without touching it. Then I went back around her folds. I started to feel a tingle in my dick and decided I had better not tease her too much. I didn't have much time. Trying to get my mind off of what Judy was doing to my crotch, I attacked Sara's clit. I sucked it into my mouth and ran my tongue over it. She shrieked when I finally touched her swollen bud. I ran the flat of my tongue over it keeping a constant pressure on it. I didn't let up for a second as I lapped at her silken folds. I saw her clit start to swell up bigger and knew she was about to come. I sucked it into my mouth and started to hum as I licked it. The extra vibrations sent her over the edge screaming and convulsing. She came so hard that she almost fell over. 

She got up and Judy jumped on my face. I got a little reprieve since Sara still hadn't recovered from her orgasm and hadn't started on me yet. Knowing that my time was short, I dove into Judy's sweet red vagina. I flattened my tongue and licked the entire length of her slit, going deeper with each pass. After a few passes over Judy's swollen pussy, Sara regained her composure and started to swallow my cock. She was deepthroating me in an attempt to get me off quickly, but it didn't work. I was so enthralled by Judy's pussy that I was able to mostly ignore her. I flicked my tongue over Judy's clit and she cried out. I inserted my tongue in her and flicked it in and out. I sucked her clit in and out of my mouth like Sara was doing to me and I felt Judy start to tense up. Her legs crushed the side of my head when I took her clit into my mouth and started to hum and lick it. She screamed, "YES, YES, YES!!!" as she came.

I had done it and not a moment too soon. I started to feel the pressure building up in balls and half-expected Sara to stop again, but she didn't. Instead she swallowed me in as deep as she could and started to suck on my cock. Her hands were playing with my balls and jacking me off. My first shot felt like a train hit me. I yelled out as I came, and Sara started to swallow all that she could. I just kept coming and coming. I thought it would never end. Sara took my still spurting dick out of her mouth and continued to pump it. Judy put it to her lips and continued the swallowing. I must have came for five minutes. I finally stopped and relaxed. I was exhausted. 

Both women crawled up on the bed and cuddled up next to me, Sara on my right and Judy on my left. They leaned over me and kissed each other and then they kissed me. They lay on their sides with one leg over one of mine and whispered in unison, "Congratulation. You passed."