 I was now back to work -- the garage had still not finished with my car, telling me that the part was now in, but wouldn't be fitted until the latter part of the week. No big problem there as my insurance company had finally located a courtesy car, and although smaller than I was used to, it got me back and forth to work.

Sat at my desk, my cock twitching, I pondered on the events of last week -- my first gay experience with Matt. In fact, since last week, that was all that I had thought about!! My sex life with Laura was amazing since then -- I couldn't get the sight, smell or taste of Matt's massive cock out of my mind. The only downside though, was the fact that it had cost me a brand new kitchen after all. There was no way that I could have gone without sex given that I was in a constant state of arousal.

Lost in my thoughts about Matt's rampant cock, the phone rang, making me almost jump out of my skin.

"Good Morning, Bogglington and Parks" I answered.

"Hi, gorgeous." It was Laura. "Just a quickie -- Marie asked the kitchen guy to call around this weekend -- do you want to be there when he calls?" she enquired.

"I can't on Saturday, I said that I could work overtime, I did tell you yesterday" I replied, "and Sunday I will be out with Clive as usual" I continued.

Clive had been my best mate since University. Sunday was our golfing day -- Laura knew that!

"Oh, yes" she replied, "I had forgotten that you were working. Not to worry, I'll get him over anyway to draw up a plan and a quote. Right, I'll see you later -- gammon for dinner, and an early night for you, Mister...."

"O.K., see you later then" I responded, a grin spreading across my face. "Bye, love you".

"Bye then, love you too" she responded.

Chapter 2

Saturday morning had arrived. Another glorious morning, what a shame I had to work. I showered, dressed, and kissed Laura goodbye as she was herself getting ready. 

"The kitchen guys will be here this morning", she reminded me, just as I left. 

The garage had finally returned my own car which I jumped in to start my journey. Saturday morning driving was a breeze. I arrived at the almost empty office and strolled over to my desk. 

Sat on the top of the stack of papers and files that I had left out, there was a note from Dave, my boss.

James,

Great news, you only have to complete the stats on the Harding account, and file away the Joyce/Lewis stuff, the rest of the day is yours!!

See you Monday!

Dave

Brilliant, I thought -- I won't be here long after all!! Perhaps I'll be back in time to speak to the designer myself, and barter a better deal!

As it went, I was at the office a bit longer than planned, but was walking back to the car park by 11.40, planning to call Laura to tell her that I'd be home earlier than planned

Opening the car door and jumping in, I was smacked by the heat rushing out at me. Throwing everything onto the front passenger seat, I inserted the key into the ignition, and hit the button for the electric windows. Christ, it was still sweltering!!

Off I went, fuck the cal I'm not stopping now, and I certainly won't call whilst driving.

About 30 minutes later I arrived home. Laura's car was in the drive, next to the neighbours', so I parked in the lay by just a few yards down the road, and strolled up to my house. First thing I'm going to do is get an ice cold beer out of the fridge, then change into my shorts and hit the patio, I thought to myself.

I inserted my key into the lock, but was surprised to find it unlocked. How very unlike Laura -- she usually locked it if she was home alone. I'd forgotten to look to see if there were any vans in the street, one possibly belonging to a kitchen designer, so perhaps that was why the door was unlocked. I stepped into the refreshingly cool hallway, kicked off my shoes into the corner and started unbuttoning my shirt. I then walked through to the kitchen to grab a beer out of the fridge. 

Opening it and taking a swig, I peered out to the garden pondering whether to shower, or to get straight out into the sun. The latter won, I reasoned that there was little point sunbathing after a shower, I'd be just as sweaty later.

Chapter 3

Putting down my bottle, is crossed through to the hall-way, and started up the stairs, pulling my shirt off as I went. Approaching my bedroom door, I unfastened my belt, unbuttoned my trousers, finally hitting the zip.

As I pushed the door open, my trousers hit the floor.... quickly followed by my jaw.

In front of me was the most gut-wrenching sight I'd ever encountered. Laura was splayed on our bed, her light cotton dress hitched up to her tits. She had discarded her knickers, which lay on the floor besides the bed. 

Her legs were spread open wide as some guy with a huge frame had his face was jammed up against her pussy!!! Her head leaned back in ecstasy at the admonishment given to her by her lover.

I felt a rush of blood to my head as I bellowed "WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON IN HERE?" What a stupid question!! New kitchen, my fucking arse!!

In unison, both snapped their equally shocked faces up at me, sending me reeling with dizziness at my shock. The kitchen guy's face was smothered in my wife's cunt juice, only it wasn't the kitchen guy.....

"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING WITH MY WIFE" I raged at MATT!!

Laura's face had turned ashen as she desperately tried to squirm away from her illicit young lover. However, she got nowhere fast, held there by Matt's huge shoulders and his arms around her thighs.

Every fibre of me cried out in pain, having witnessed my wife's infidelity, but somehow a passion stirred in my loins having seen Matt's upturned, beautiful face. 

Matt slowly arose, releasing Laura from his grasp, giving her a glance as he slowly turned around towards me.

"Calm down" he responded.

"WHAT THE FUCK??" I countered, knowing what I should do, but failing to take any action.

Matt's expression had changed from one of shock, to what appeared to be a smirk, confusing the fuck out of me.

"Look, James, I'm really sorry that you caught me doing this....." he spoke assuredly, once again catching me off guard. "Laura called me over earlier to give her a hand, you know, like you did last week, and one thing led to another. She has a fabulous body for her age"

I was completely stuck for words, fearing that my secret would be out in front of Laura. Laura had, by now, composed herself and sat upright on the bed, either too afraid or unwilling to add her own excuse.

Looking down at my stiffened cock in my underwear, he brazenly added "Can't be no big deal for you, James, it looks like you were enjoying this show as much as the last. Now what I suggest is that you take a seat and enjoy the rest of it". This almost sounded like a threat to OUT me. Trying to grasp the enormity of what he had intoned, I lumbered over to the chair in the corner of the bedroom and sat as directed.

He then turned his attention to Laura once more "Right, let's get back to where we were" he directed. 

When I had first entered the bedroom and saw Matt licking Laura's pussy, although I had seen Laura's dress around her torso, I'd not taken in the fact that Matt was dressed. As he addressed Laura, he had pulled his T-shirt over his head, and started to unbutton his cargo shorts. Laura looked at me, more than a little concerned, but I just nodded my approval to do as Matt asked.

Still stood at the end of the bed in front of Laura, Matt let his shorts drop to the floor, revealing that he had worn no underwear on this occasion. I heard Laura's audible gasp from the view presented to her, knowing that see was in the same state of awe as I had been on first seeing Matt's impressive cock. Although I was at the rear of the young stud, my view was equally as good; his broad, muscular shoulders and delts tapered down to his slim waist, he had the most terrific arse, and well defined legs. His tan was perfection, apart from his smooth white arse. My cock throbbed in my pants, despite my fury and fear.

Matt beckoned Laura to the end of the bed, asking her to remove her dress. She knelt up and smoothly hitched her dress up and over her head, tossing it onto the floor. I appreciated why Matt had commented on her body - she did have a body of someone in their twenties, and no sign of bearing children apart from a few very faint silver lines just below her belly button. Her tits were a good, firm 36c, with lovely pink areolas jutting out. She had a lovely slim waist-line, and although her hips were quite wide, she was well toned. Her arse was perfection, and her legs were strong, but slim. Her pussy was totally devoid of hair, which I appreciated greatly when going down on her.

She moved towards Matt, still on her knees, but because he faced away from me I was unable to see his expression.

As she reached him he bent his head down to her tits murmuring his admiration "James, you are a lucky man, she has a fantastic body". He flicked his tongue around her nipples, and I witnessed her give a small shudder as she looked directly at me. Her face seemed to be saying no, but her body gave her game away. Matt continued to lick and suckle on her tits, shifting his hands up from his side to her hips, gradually moving upwards to lift her breast to his mouth. This drew an audible gasp from Laura, giving way to her secret desire.

After a few minutes of his licking and sucking, he started his descent towards the prize that had earlier been denied him. Laura was undoubtedly enjoying the experience of a hung, young stud slobbering over her body, her eyes transfixed to me, but looking a little glassy. Unaware of my actions, I subconsciously placed my hand over my rock hard prick beneath my now wet pants, and started to caress my dick, which strained beneath the thin stretchy material, itching to be released.

The mood in the room had changed considerably -- Laura's initial shock of being caught, and then fear of the consequences of her infidelity, was replaced by rapture as Matt's tongue slowly reached her pussy, and grazed across her lips. My rage had definitely disappeared to be replaced by a lust that I could never have previously imagined. My cock felt as if it was made of granite, my heart thundering so loudly that I thought that the whole neighbourhood would have heard it.

Matt briefly stopped what he was doing, only for as long as it took to gently push Laura back onto the bed, and resume the position they were in when I had first caught them. Only this time, both were stark naked, and I had a view of the whole show. This was just not good enough; my cock was rampant, wanting a little attention too.

It was at this point that I figured that I was not going to be side-lined, not by a 19 year old, however big his cock was - she was MY wife after all. I rose from my chair, and silently crossed to the side of the bed where I kneeled down for a closer look.

Matt may have been just 19, but he had Laura's juices flowing from her cunt lips as if he had years' of experience. Her legs quivered as he held them with his thick arms, flicking his tongue expertly around her swollen clit. He ran his tongue around the outer lips of her pussy, down to her soaking wet cunt, then back up the centre to her clit, resulting in moans of pure pleasure. As he continued his licking, I reached across to Laura's tits and started to alternate between kneading and tweaking her erect nipples. With action at both ends, Laura arched her back and groaned deeply. Until then, Matt had been oblivious to my presence next to him, but realised I was there with Laura's movement above him. He looked up then grinned triumphantly, flashing his brilliant teeth beneath his full, drenched lips, juices from Laura's cunt glistening in the light from the window. 

"Glad you can join us," he said confidently "now get to work on those amazing tits whilst I go to town on her pussy"

I nodded (a bit passively, I realised), and stood up, yanking my pants down as I did. My cock sprang free of its confines, slapping on my stomach and bouncing excitedly before coming to rest. I leaned over the bed, struck by memories rushing back to me. Not since my university days had I had a threesome -- when Clive and I had been lucky enough, a couple of times, to bang some bird senseless. With this thought in mind, a surge of renewed excitement coursed through my veins (not to mention my cock) and I pounced onto Laura's tits with excruciating desire.

As I greedily sucked and slurped around her nipples, I could hear Matt's tongue slap obscenely against Laura's cunt, producing more writhing and guttural moans of ecstasy. My cock was throbbing agonisingly, almost screaming at me to release the pressure, so I reached down and took a firm grip. Slowly and deliciously I pulled back my foreskin, groaning onto Laura's nipple as my natural lubricant oozed from the tip and slid down my cock.

Matt's tempo had picked up, and Laura started to grind her hips into our young stud's face, grasping hold of the duvet we were upon. She was nearing her first orgasm, as the years of fucking and licking her told me so. 

"Lick it, Matt," I excitedly yelled "shove your fucking tongue right up into the tight cunt. Fuck it with your tongue, she's gonna cum all over your face any minute." 

Matt jerked up from Laura's dripping pussy, looking me square in the eyes.

"No way, dude!" he exclaimed "If she's gonna cum, she's gonna cum on my fat dick".

Laura had stopped convulsing, releasing the duvet and looked up at me with an expression of both disappointment and excitement -- if that was possible.

"Now turn around" he directed Laura "I'm going to fuck you doggy style while you suck James off".

She obediently followed his command, flipping over and assumed the position he wanted to fuck her in. I hurriedly moved over the bed, and positioned my cock in front of her face. Taking hold of her head, a little too roughly, perhaps -- but fuck, I was rampant! I pushed my hard cock into her lips and past her teeth, groaning at the hotness of her mouth over my knob.

From behind her, I could see Matt's massive, thick and veiny cock jiggle as he adjusted her legs to accommodate him. He had got her pussy as slushy as fuck with his tongue, so had no problem when he placed the tip of his gigantic cock at her plump lips, and sank the tip into her. Laura had never encountered such a huge cock before, (although she wasn't a virgin when we met, we had discussed our previous conquests, I she assured me that at 7 inches, mine was the biggest dick she had fucked) and winced with a force that pulled her mouth off my cock. Matt knew the effect his cock had on women, so took things really slowly to start with. With just the tip of his cock in, her pussy lips were stretched further apart than they had ever been, aside from childbirth. Slowly he pushed a couple of more inches into her before withdrawing halfway, back in then out went the same couple of inches a few times more, allowing her to get used to his fat, engorged dick, and then he slowly started to fill her pussy, inch by slow inch, until he had almost his full length inside her.

Her back arched, and she adjusted herself to accommodate this young man's huge girth more comfortably. She then moved forward to my cock to once more to take it in her mouth.

I looked over her body, down to Matt's chunky dick, watching him slide it in and out of her cunt, marvelling at the size of it. Laura's cunt juices glinted on his dick, beautifully highlighting the thick veins running all over it.

"You've got the most fantastic cock I've ever seen" I absent-mindedly blurted out. Realising my faux pas, I immediately added "She must be loving it".

Matt smirked cockily, responding "Don't I know it!"

I almost grimaced with his reply, knowing that he grasped my true meaning, and I hoped that Laura had missed the remark, or not heard it.

Matt started picking up the pace. He was now sliding the full length of his monster cock into Laura's pussy, getting faster and faster until I could hear his mammoth balls slapping onto her arse cheeks. The sound was so erotic, and his motion so turbulent, that Laura had started to push her mouth onto my cock with more force, taking it down to her throat with each bang that Matt gave her. My balls started to tighten as she moaned and hummed over my cock, I could feel the pressure building up and sending small pulses like electricity jolts between my sac and the tip of my cock.

"Oh, God" I groaned "keep fucking her like that Matt".

Matt continued his banging, his thrusts pistoning in and out of her soaking wet cunt, balls slapping on her arse. His hands were fastened tightly around her hips, squeezing them as he pulled her back onto his huge, fat prick. His solid pecs stood out as impressively as the muscles in his arms, his perfect six-pack contracting with every thrust. Sweat had formed beads across his forehead and chest which commenced to drip and run down his tanned body, getting me more turned on than I had ever been in my whole life. His aroma wafted into my nostrils, a musky and slightly salty smell leaving me wanting to lick the sweat off his chest and dive into his arm pits with my tongue.

No longer able to hold my orgasm, I pulled myself back from Laura's hungry mouth. 

"I'm coming" I cried, furiously jerking my foreskin back and forth over my solid glans. 

Laura opened her mouth wide, sticking her tongue out to receive my gift. Matt still plunged in and out of her cunt as the first of my spunk flew out of the tip of my swollen cock, and landed smack onto her tongue. The huge build up erupted out of me, my every fibre on fire as my thick spunk jetted over her tongue time after time with me releasing an almighty roar as I came. My whole body became rigid, my hand flying off my too-sensitive-to-touch cock as my seed spilled down her chin, landing on the duvet.

Laura's face started to contort, not with the taste of my spunk on her tongue, but with the waves of pleasure rolling over her, riding on Matt's youthful cock. She slammed her own ass into his groin and commenced her count-down to her own climax. Her torso began to dip and buck with her shortened breath, her head rolling wildly as Matt forced his giant member as far as he could into her greedy pussy.

"FFFFUUUUCCCKKKK MMMEEEEE!!!!!!!" she screamed, "HAARRRDDDDEERRRR!!! SHOVE YOUR FUCKING DICK UP ME YOU CUNT" -- the obscenities flew out from her mouth, shocking me as she had never, ever uttered such filthy words when I had previously fucked her.

"FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

"STRETCH MY CUNT, YOU FUCKER. RIGHT UP ME, HARDER"

Her hand moved down to her clit, and rubbed furiously at it, all the while screaming out her filth. Matt continued to plough into her cunt, his face scarlet from the exertion, as she suddenly screeched out like a banshee. 

"YES!! YES!! FUCK IT, YES!!"

She came violently, her pussy vibrating onto Matt's monster, vagina muscles clenching onto his throbbing dick. Matt came to an abrupt stop seemingly surprised at the violence of her climax. Surely he must have known what effect that monster would have on a girl? Laura continued to thrust back onto him, her hand a blur as she rubbed her clit.

Slowly, her motion calmed. Matt withdrew his beast from within her depths, coated with her cum juice, and moved around to her head, pushing me aside. Without a word, he grasped her jaw, and forced his cock into her mouth.

Laura, still trying to catch her breath, grasped hold of the thick shaft and started to jerk it, as he thrust in and out of her mouth. My God, does this boy never stop? 

My cock had usually gone flaccid by now, but it remained solid as I watched him fuck her face. His hand slid behind him, onto his hard arse cheeks, as if to push more of his dick into her mouth and his other went down to his bloated, full balls. He grabbed them and churned them, moaning deeply as he banged away at her drooling mouth. I delighted in the view, of this marvellous young stud, this mighty appendage. I never wanted this moment to stop.
