 Chapter 1

I pondered my situation, soaping my hard cock in the shower cubicle, resisting the urge to jerk off again. I ran different scenarios though my mind, about how my conversation with Laura might sound to her, and how I could get her agreement to a threesome replay.

Deep in thought, the shower door opened causing me to jump out of my skin and drop the soap.

Laura laughed. "Sorry hun, I didn't mean to scare you -- ooohh, you look like you've been waiting for me, big boy!" she continued, looking down to my groin.

A little embarrassed that she might have thought that she'd caught me jerking in the shower, I kind of broached the subject on my mind.

"I was just thinking about Matt" I told her. 

Her face flushed, as she replied "And not of me?" 

She looked annoyed, then shocked at what she thought I'd meant.

"NO!" I hastily added "I meant about what we all got up to." This was a half truth again.

She visibly calmed, but I could have kicked myself for missing the opportunity to tell her what I'd really had in mind. I DID want another meeting of bodies and minds between us all, but wanted to take as much an active role with Matt as well as Laura.

"Listen, let me finish in here. Give me five minutes -- I need to discuss something with you" I told her.

Laura's expression altered to take on a worried look, but I didn't know how I could ease her.

"OK, I'll wait downstairs" she replied, turning her back on me and heading out of the bathroom door before she showed how upset she was. 

I quickly washed the suds off my body, and grabbed a towel, knocking off the shower. Getting dried and dressed as quickly as I could, I went down to speak with Laura.

She was sat in the lounge, staring out of the window with an anxious look on her face.

On hearing me enter the room, she looked away from the window and up at me, tears in her eyes.

"I'm so sorry, James." she cried. Her mind had obviously been in overdrive whilst she sat alone.

"Why? I asked, confused.

"The situation with Matt, I feel so guilty about you catching us. I know how things went from there, but Matt forced you to watch. He belittled you, and it's my entire fault!" she sobbed as tears welled up and rolled down her cheek.

I moved towards her, my arms open as a hugging gesture, my face sorrowful for instigating her anguish. As I sat down besides her, I kissed her cheek tenderly and put my arms around her shoulders.

"Laura, I enjoyed the whole thing," I said soothingly "and love you so much. But I do want to discuss what happens next"

She looked warily into my eyes sending pang of guilt through me. 

"I know that we discussed this after I'd caught you both, and we can't change the events of that day. But we can change our minds about whether we want a repeat performance, can't we?" I tentatively enquired.

Laura looked slightly bewildered by my question, but listened intently.

I spoke to her about my initial rage, and about my subsequent lust, she told me of how it had all come about, how she had felt once I'd caught them, and how Matt AND I had made her feel during the aftermath. We talked for about half an hour before I was finally able to guide the conversation to my bi-curious nature (you know by now that I was more than curious, but Laura didn't).

"I positively loved seeing Matt's huge prick sliding into your pussy." I finally told her "I would love to know what it felt like, with him buried so deeply. Do women ever wonder what it's like to have a cock?" I innocently (!) asked.

"I have, now and again" she replied.

"And what does it taste like? How does it feel to you, in your hand or your mouth?" 

She caught on pretty quickly.

"You should know -- you've got one yourself!" she replied sharply.

"Yeah, I know, but it's not like I can suck it myself, is it?"

"Well maybe you should try it sometime." she responded. I'm sure I detected a bit of intrigue in her voice, and I know I definitely detected a stirring in my jeans when she continued "In fact, perhaps Matt will facilitate your curiosity! Then again, perhaps he won't -- we may never know"

I was almost there. Skirting the issue of whether Matt would or wouldn't let me suck him off (yes was the most definite answer, I already knew), I pressed on.

"So do you think we should try this threesome thing again?" I asked eagerly, looking directly at her, wide eyed and hopeful.

"I'm game, but we all have to be on equal terms this time, I really think that Matt was much too domineering. I don't want him feel that he can belittle you again, despite that cock he has" she asserted.

Great!!! I had Laura's agreement -- indeed, her permission to feel free and let myself go.

"OK, I'll have to speak to Matt about him joining us again." I finished, getting up from the sofa, butterflies in my stomach. I was not only excited for myself, but for Laura too. We were going to go to town on our young neighbour and all have the time of our lives.

That night, Laura decided to utilise her mini vibrator on me. Although she had never done this before, I allowed her to massage my arse with it, and even let her slip the tip in gently to vibrate on my prostate -- with the help of a bit of lube, of course! I think that she was a bit dazed by my reaction to the anal stimulation and the amount of fluid I later produced.....

Chapter 2

The next day I anxiously looked out for Matt, trying to keep up with his whereabouts, but failed. And the next day. And the next.

I was getting more disappointed as each day slipped past, catching him either already in his car and driving off, or watching his back as he walked up the side of the drive and around the corner to his house. This was so frustrating!! This went on for about ten days, with Laura getting agitated too.

The summer was well underway; we were into the end of June already. Driving back from work one evening, I called into the local corner shop, picking up a bottle of red wine to enjoy with Laura on the patio. My spirits were high and the weather was warm enough for us to sit outside until after dark and enjoy each other's company before I took my wife to bed.

Mr Jhadav asked about the kids and Laura and I about his daughter (not without blushing) then made my way home.

I parked the car down the road again, and walked the rest of the way to my house, calling out for Laura as I stepped through the front door.

"I'm in the garden" I heard her call through the opened patio doors.

I walked out to the kitchen as I took off my tie, collected a corkscrew and a couple of glasses, and made my way out to the garden with the items plus wine.

As I rounded the corner from the side kitchen door, I saw Laura sat at the table, chatting to her guest. It was Matt!

Smiling broadly, I approached the pair, and set everything I carried onto the table.

"James has something to ask you" were the first words out of her mouth. No "Hi" or "how was your day?" - She just went straight in.

Matt looked expectantly at me.

"Fancy a glass of wine?" I asked, thrown off by Laura's directness.

"Not for me, thanks." he grimaced as he replied. "I'm more of a lager boy."

Asking if he wanted a lager but getting a refusal, I sat down next to Laura, opposite Matt, inspecting his face. He really was a handsome guy. His eyes were a smouldering brown with thick dark lashes sweeping from them, topped by perfect eyebrows. It seemed all the rage these days, for guys to have them waxed. Whether his were, who cared! His nose was perfectly proportioned for his face, and he had nice, full lips -- cock-sucker lips, I'd call them on a girl. All that AND wonderfully clear skin. How close to perfect could anyone be?

"I was wondering if you would be interested in helping me and Laura out" I started. 

"How?" Matt replied.

I then told him about how much we had enjoyed our session with him, that our sex life had improved no end and how keen we both were to try it again. As I spoke, his eyes widened and he listened intently.

After spelling out how we wanted his help -- leaving out the part where I wanted to suck him off again, Laura still didn't know that I already had on two occasions -- I laid down the ground rules; no domination (unless specified), no meant no if any one of us wasn't comfortable with what was happening, and not to tell a soul about our arrangement.

Matt was more than happy to join in, in the name of assisting us, of course, and agreed immediately.

"Right, when can we start?" I asked excitedly.

"Well I can't for at least a fortnight" he replied.

I must have looked bitterly disappointed as he smirked then quickly added "Just joking!! So how about tomorrow evening?"

That was settled. 

Chapter 3

I woke up in the morning with serious wood, presumably down to the lurid dreams that had occupied my mind for most of the night. Despite this, I hadn't cum in my pants, but felt the need to do something about my raging hard-on. Laura was already up and about - I could hear her showering. Remembering our vow of last night -- to save ourselves until our threesome -- I hopped out of bed trying to ignore my aching groin. Grabbing my dressing down, I padded down the stairs for a coffee.

Sipping on my coffee, my mind kept wandering to the night ahead, my cock still tenting in my gown.

Laura breezed into the kitchen, not ready for work, and in a fantastic mood.

"I'm going to finish at 1pm today" she announced "that way I can go shopping for supplies."

"What supplies, exactly" I enquired.

"Oh, you know -- a few beers for Matt, a couple of bottles of wine, some food perhaps, new lingerie and things". She smiled as she mentioned the lingerie and things.

"Fine" I replied, shooting her a smile back.

She made herself a coffee and refilled my cup then floated upstairs to get dressed. Forty minutes later we were both on our respective way to work. 

God, I'd never known a day to drag on as long, God knows how many stupid mistakes I'd made or how many times I'd had to turn away from someone because of my wilful cock straining to be unleashed -- my mind was definitely somewhere else. Finally, the clock turned to five, and I hurried to get out of the building. I think I must have set a new land-speed record on the drive home!!

Arriving back home I parked up, wondering why Laura's car wasn't there.

Once inside I called out to her, not expecting an answer as I walked into the kitchen. On the counter sat a couple of notes.

The first I read was from Laura;

Hi James

Gone to Pam's, see you later.

Xx

Putting it down, I snatched up the other, studying the neat hand-weighting before reading the brief contents;

Sorry, 4got rugby practice 2nite, can't make it 'til Fri., c u then.

Matt 

"FUCK!" I mouthed, putting the note down. Today was Wednesday, meaning I'd have another two fucking miserable days in that miserable fucking place, unable to concentrate of talk face to face with colleagues. Bollocks!!

Chapter 5

Fuck knows how I'd managed to get to this point, but I was once again hurtling home at speed, gagging for release. It had been days since Laura and I had shagged -- even a wank from her would have been suffice, but as agreed, we remained chaste. I thought my bollocks were going to explode as they churned and ran into overdrive with the anticipation of Friday evening.

Once home, Laura had already bathed, and was applying her face whilst I jumped into the shower. Five minutes later I was dried and dressed, now stood in the kitchen opening a bottle of wine. Early, I knew, but my excitement was getting the better of me.

Laura took an eternity to get ready, but finally emerged about an hour later looking A-FUCKING-MAZING!

Her new purchases included a hip hugging black skirt, tight-fitting blouse -- opened enough to show off her new push-up lacy bra and matching knockers, stockings and high heels. A sluttish look ordinarily, but she was so graceful that she could carry off the look without it cheapening her. Her hair was atop her head, ringlets toppling from the top, her neck exposed and inviting. Wait 'til Matt gets his eyes on that! 

We'd drunk a good bottle of wine before Matt walked through the back door, not bothering to knock, and he looked fantastic.

He wore a simple white, fitted shirt, rolled at the sleeves and popping slightly at the buttons because of his huge shoulders and chest, a few dark hairs revealed from the open neck. He had tucked one of the tails into his 501's, allowing a sneaky glimpse at his cock bulging out from down the inside of his left thigh. His outfit was completed by a thick, brown leather belt and brown leather shoes.

Welcoming him in, we wasted no time whisking him into the living room with a drink in hand, and sat him on the sofa with us placed on either side.

"I'm sorry to have let you down on Wednesday" he said, looking genuinely sorry. "I had forgotten about rugby. To be honest, it was probably for the best. Mum and dad went away last night; they won't be back for three weeks, so at least I don't have to answer any awkward questions about why I'm here so often lately." 

That explained the absence of one of their cars all night and day, but how about his sister Emma's?

"Isn't Emma home from Uni. though?" Laura asked, taking in the aroma of his after-shave. "Won't she wonder why you keep popping in?"

"Christ! No, She'll be too busy fucking the boyfriend to notice where I am!" he replied, his eyes glued to her cleavage. This, I saw, pleased her no end.

As the evening progressed we consumed more alcohol, and the talk started to get a bit steamier with Laura delving into his sex life. She nosily asked about when he lost his virginity (thirteen, apparently) as she draped her hand over his thigh, continued with how many girls he had fucked, how they reacted to his mammoth cock etc. etc.etc. As he spoke, she commenced her subtle rubbing of his thigh and groin, until she finally placed a hand over his impressive bulge and massaged the huge outline of his cock. 

Watching the game play out had me in a heightened state of arousal, I was willing her to take him by the hand and lead him upstairs. SHUT THE FUCK UP LAURA!! 

I'm SURE Matt read my mind! He grabbed her slim hand and rubbed it firmer across his snake.

"Well are you gonna take care of this, or what" he asked directly.

Finally! I said, rather louder than I'd intended.

He looked at me and laughed, rising from the sofa dragging Laura with him. 

"Come on then!" he urged, leading Laura to the stairs.

I quickly ran around the house, switching lights off and checking the doors before darting up to the bedroom.

"Now don't forget the rules" Laura admonished, both Matt and I nodding.

Chapter 6

With all three of us in the bedroom the atmosphere was ablaze. Matt had waited patiently for me to join them but pounced on Laura's tits as soon as I had arrived.

"Whoa, slow down cowboy" she chided. I understood Matt's keenness to get at them. Her nipples jutted out from underneath her bra and thin blouse, as hard as rivets, and her cleavage just begged for a cock to slam between them.

I approached Laura, taking my place besides Matt. She kicked off her shoes, and then we slowly began undressing her; Matt undoing the buttons of her blouse, whilst I started unzipping her skirt. Her new lingerie came off quickly -- unfortunately, it didn't get an awful lot of wear! Before long she stood naked in front of us, unashamedly, she cupped her tits, lifting one to her mouth and liking the nipple before moving her hand down to her beautifully shaved pussy.

"Come on the boys, show the fox the rabbit!" she purred before she raised her hands to Matt's chest and started to unfasten the buttons of his shirt, pushing it from his broad shoulders once opened. Both her hands travelled to Matt's belt buckle and pulled him closer to her.

I took her cue and divested myself quickly as she slowly unbuckled his belt and proceeded to unbutton his jeans, each button popping from the strength of his straining manhood. When she had popped the final button she grabbed the waistband and slipped his jeans down his tanned, muscular legs. His swollen mast jerked up and out, joyous to be freed. 

He stood in front of her whilst she cast her eyes over his faultless body. She took in his huge frame, marvelling at his smooth young skin, his tan, his muscles then greedily rested her eyes on his huge dick jutting proudly from his groin.

"Matt, I hope you don't mind waiting, James has been gagging all week!" she said, gripping my cock and leading me onto the bed without waiting for Matt to protest.

Taking the lead, I placed her in the middle of the bed and moved around to the side, allowing Matt the perfect vantage place. I climbed onto to bed, leaning across Laura, and planted a kiss on her soft, warm mouth then gradually moved down to her nipple. My arse jutted in the air whilst on all fours, swaying gently as I lapped around her nubs. My hand drifted towards her pussy area, coaxing her legs apart. Matt sighed as she revealed her glistening pussy lips and commenced to leisurely palm his giant wood. 

As I continued on her tits, my hands ran up and down the inside of her velvety smooth thighs, tickling lightly but careful to not yet touch her lips or sensitive clit. She moaned quietly as I nibbled at her nipple, my hands steadily inching towards he pussy, ready to commence their strumming. 

I repeatedly traced my finger nail from top to bottom, along the outer lips of her inviting slit then probed between the folds to reach the opening of her cunt. Not dripping yet, but damp and warm, I dipped my finger into her then withdrew immediately, sliding my finger up to her clit. Her head moved back and her eyes closed as she moaned her pleasure when I swirled my finger tip around her magic spot lightly, Matt uttering his approval at the foot of the bed. Shifting slightly, I started trailing my tongue from her breast and licked, kissed and nibbled my way down her lithe form until I had arrived at the top of her hairless cunt. With a firm flick I caught her clit with my tongue, sending a small shudder through her body as she raised her hips slightly onto it. I nibbled away at her sensitive lump, letting my saliva run down onto it which in turn drizzled down to her pussy lips. 

Matt was getting a little restless with the wait, but he'd had to be patient for a little longer.

Continuing with my tongue, I moved my hand back to her slit and pushed my thumb into her wet pussy, achieving louder moans of pleasure from Laura.

As I did so, Laura slung her arm up and around the back of my leg, grabbing for my rampant cock and started to massage around the foreskin, gently pulling it back to reveal my fat cock-tip.

I moaned onto her clit, licking a bit quicker, and speeding up my thumb sliding in and out of her.

Not surprisingly, Matt's impatience got the better of him!

He had moved around from his ring side seat delighting me with his action. He settled behind me and started to lick my anus as Laura continued to wank my cock. Sparks ran through my body as he licked across my hole, slightly increasing the pressure with each flick of his firm tongue so it felt like it was trying to gain access. What came as a surprise however was when he traced his tongue further down to my perineum, and gently tickled on my ball-sac. Wow! That felt great....

I groaned deeply to encourage him, and he sucked in one of my full balls.

"Fuck" I whimpered, still teasing Laura's plump pussy.

Laura reached back to grasp my balls too, and suddenly jerked her head up, spotting Matt behind me. She had been oblivious to his movement from the end of the bed, preoccupied with my tongue lashing, so was surprised to find his face there, sucking my balls!

Removing her hand altogether, she pushed me up from her cunt.
