 The night was still young, as far as we three were concerned. We'd all got really heated and blown our fuses, both Matt and I especially in overdrive as we watched Laura plunging the vibro in and out of her cunt. However, none of us were eager to part company yet, not having indulged in a full-blown fuck-fest.

With Laura hovering over-head, Matt had starting to jerk his heaving cock, eyeing my wife's luscious, dripping cunt, her twat lips moved rhythmically in time to her hands as she wiped away the remnants of Matt's huge cum-blast from off the wall behind our bed.

As she was about to climb across him task complete, Matt grabbed Laura's leg as she straddled him, holding her in position above him. With his gentle hold, she realised what he wanted, and sank down onto her knees on the pillow, her pussy resting just above his upturned, handsome face, his gorgeous brown eyes conveying his wishes. Then she lowered herself onto his mouth.

I moved further up to bed to rest against the headboard to watch the action, but their position gave nothing away, so I moved to behind Laura to view from the back. This didn't give me a much better view, although I could see his mouth and tongue wedged into her tight twat each time she lifted slightly, his thick arms lifted high and wrapped around her thigh as he aided her rocking on his mouth. Slurps, grunts and moans filled out little corner. 

Wondering what I could do, I spotted the vibrators on the bed-side cabinet. I leaned across to grab them, and placed them besides me, next to Matt's crossed legs. He sure did have a great physique, his muscles firm and solid in his legs, despite his relaxed position, his six-pack straining with each upward motion onto Laura's snatch, his neck strained with his effort to reach her folds that the chords stood out and his veins bulged.

Lying on the bed, my shrivelled cock and balls hung down my leg. Dropping my to Matt's lap I started to tongue his fat balls, licking around them, manoeuvring each one in turn. Matt didn't move a muscle, so I coaxed his legs apart slightly to gain better access until I was able to suck one of his fat globes into my mouth. I would release it from my warm mouth before sucking again, popping his warm nut back in before moving to the next big orb to repeat. I gently lifted his ball-sac then started to lick beneath, Matt's moans increasing from above whilst I gave the area a good soak with my spit.

Reaching across to the other side of Matt's huge legs, I took the large vibrator, switched it on and tapped Matt's arm with it. He quickly got the message, taking it from me and positioned it to Laura's bum hole. The buzzing toy then gently met with her hole causing her to shiver. Matt retained this position, gently rocking the super-sized toy against Laura's pert arse. 

I took hold of the smaller vibrator and placed it at the tip of his dick, my free hand underneath his massive cock to raise it slightly. His big, hot dorsal vein stood out like a thick cable and with the ribbing of the other veins, it was truly thrilling to hold. 

The vibrations against the sensitive frenulum caused him to jump, and then twitch slightly, as he groaned deeply with delight. His big cocked heaved, then I started to journey the vibro down, along his amazing shaft down to his balls. Without pausing, I bypassed his balls, not wishing to cause him discomfort, and placed the vibrator firmly against his perineum. Pressing firmly I massaged that muscle, causing his gigantic pole to jump in my hand each time I pressed into it. The resultant pre-cum started to bead onto the tip of his cock. Removing my hand from beneath his cock, I grasped firmly, pulled back the foreskin and exposing his beautifully thick corona. I then spread his slimy juice all around, sending spasms through him as I flicked my thumb around the rim.

My cock responded to what I was hearing from the rampant couple above me and from the vibrator's buzzing and teasing. Gradually it started to firm up and swell -- it sure took longer these days than when I was Matt's age!

Continuing with the vibrator, I lowered my mouth onto his thick and veiny beast once more. He tasted a little different than before, a mixture of baby-wipes and sperm. Delicious! My lips were stretched taught as I mouthed his huge purple helmet, firstly just around the top, not actually engulfing the whole head. Instead, I bobbed up and down on it for a few minutes, sucking as hard as I could and causing him to pull his hips back slightly with the sensitivity. Undeterred I followed, sucking and sucking, elongating his knob with each suck up. Seeing him squirm delighted me, thinking to myself that this was payback from a few weeks ago, in the garage. I finally relented and slipped my mouth past his thick cock-ridge, my mouth bloated and crammed full of just his glorious knob. Slowly, I descended onto his 9 inch staff, inch by inch, feeling my lips bump over this huge, popping blue veins. Five or six inches in, I was almost gagging; my throat felt like it would split if I took anymore. As I'd previously encountered when I'd had his cock rammed into my throat, lashing of saliva started pouring from my mouth, sliding down his fat cock and lubricating him nicely. Unprepared to take it any further into my mouth, I slipped my hand onto the remaining few inches and started to toss him off, rotating my hand as I did. Above me, the groans and whimpers from both Matt and Laura grew, I think they were both pretty close to orgasm again. 

"No Matt!" I heard Laura say, her voice seemed far-off though, as I was engrossed in Matt's meaty dick.

"NO MATT!!" again, this time with a much firmer tone.

I quickly let Matt's cock slip free and looked up. Overcome by his craving Matt was trying to insert the huge vibrator into Laura's arse, but she was having none of it! As she lifted from his pussy-soaked face she continued "Remember the rules. That thing is far too big for me there."

Misreading the situation as she climbed down from her perch, I offered Matt the smaller vibrator, thinking that was what she had meant.

"Fuck off! She said, glaring at me. "I've never let you fuck me there; I'm certainly not having a rubber cock up my arse either!"

My heart sank, thinking that our game might be over. However, she simply blinked at me and stated "I want a cock up my pussy again, not my arse!"

Phew!!

Matt also looked relieved -- he was almost cumming a minute ago and was still desperate to blow his load.

"You first" she commanded me. I almost reminded her of the rules -- no domination -- but wisely bit my tongue. 

She laid back onto the bed, right up next to Matt and spread her legs out before me. Tracing her hands down to the folds in her pussy, she pulled them apart with her bright red fingernails to reveal her hidden depths.

I jumped up quickly and crawled up the bed, licking her pussy as I passed, latching onto a tit as I reached the top. Holding myself up with my elbows, my cock bobbed at her pussy lips, begging for entry to the hottest box in town.

Without having to reach down to adjust myself, my tip gently nudged the entrance to her vagina. She removed her hands from her sopping pussy lips as they enveloped the crown of my throbbing dick, and encompassed my legs with her own, drawing me in.

I slid into her quickly, teasing her pussy not on the agenda right now. I jammed my engorged seven inch cock right up to the hilt straight away, believing that she was wet enough from her vibrator-play of earlier, combined with her gushing earlier and Matt's saliva. She still squealed though, as I penetrated her depths, my knob stopping at the top of her cervix.

Matt watched with fascination and lust, wanting to get his own mammoth cock drilled into her tight snatch. 

I slowly withdrew, and then banged in again with brutal force, causing her to yell again.

"Easy please!" Laura pleaded, but my hormones had the better of me. 

I drove home my rampant cock again. Over and over, each time controlling my withdrawal to a leisurely, slow pace. I wasn't fucking fast yet, just hard.

Gradually I built up my speed, stopping the fierce banging until I had settled on a rhythm of twelve to three; twelve long thrusts right up to her cervix, followed by three short stabs with just my helmet inside her cunt.

Her demeanour had changed, as she started to enjoy the fucking she was getting from me. Her yells were exchanged for low moans and sighs, her eyes rolling in her lolling head, her hips rising up to meet my thrusts.

Matt was getting fired up next to us, wanting his turn on Linda, wanking his titanic prick in time to my thrusts. I think his next move was deliberately designed to get me to cum more quickly for his own selfish reasons!!

He reached down to the mini vibrator, fired it up as he leaned over me, and spat between the cheeks of my arse crack. Not worrying whether I was sufficiently lubed, he jammed the end of the vibrator into my tight anus, forcing it where it met with resistance. The little vibro popped past my tight ring, then BINGO! It hit my prostate.

Laura writhed and bucked beneath me as I fucked her madly, my arse being battered by the vibro with each withdrawal of my cock and sending me steadily towards the point of no return.

I could feel my balls tingle and my cock swelling as I slid in and out of Laura's tight, wet hole, her cunt muscles clenching onto my stiff dick as my prostate was in a state of elation with the attention it was receiving.

Suddenly I felt the familiar twitching before ejaculation. I banged home with force again, grunting and moaning loudly, arching my back and pushing as much of my cock into her clinging cunt as I could manage. Cum burst from my balls, dumping my load at the top of her pussy as Laura forced her hips into mine.

"Come baby! Fill mamma with your hot cum! Ooooh, fuck it, fuck it! Oooohhhh" she whispered to me.

I collapsed on top of her, completely spent as Matt removed the toy from my arse. As he did so I bucked under the gentlest of touches as it caressed my arse on departure, unable to take any further stimulation on any part of my body. 

"C'mon James!" Matt urged, his hunger getting the better of him. I wouldn't be able to lay there for a few minutes as was usual practice before I withdrew.

I slide my cock out as it was beginning to deflate already and climbed up off Laura.

Before I knew it, Matt was kneeling before Laura, his porn-star cock in hand. He slipped the other down to her pussy and dredged up her juice and my dripping cum before smearing it up and down the length and girth. His slick cock glistened as he lowered his back onto her.

Whereas I'd just slammed my cock into her, Matt took it steadily.

Holding his enormous erection still, he placed the tip at her lips and slowly pushed in. Her lips stretched and swelled over the helmet, both Matt and Laura sighing once her cunt swallowed the entire helmet. Leisurely, Matt started to propel his massive tool into her, as she locked onto his back with her legs. It inched in then pulled out, dragging her lips as he did, sheer concentration on his face with each stroke. 

As he continued to fuck her with a quiet intensity her groans grew stronger until he had buried his whole nine inches inside. I knew that my cock had banged against her cervix; Christ knows how far Matt's monster was penetrating! Laura didn't care, her breathing getting steadily shorter until she was panting heavily.

He picked up his stroke; Laura's bucking hips meeting his in union. His back muscles rippled under his skin with each thrust, his arse tightening as it plunged down onto Laura and her wanton cunt.

As if they had telepathic powers, both moved in unison; as Laura arched her back, Matt slipped his bulging bicep underneath her and lifted her in one quick move, standing up from the bed with Laura impaled on his cock.

Her legs were still wrapped tightly around his waist as he steadily bounced her on his engorged penis, juices freely flowing from her pussy onto his impressive cock, her back still arched to force his stiff member to grind up and down her G-spot. 

Not tiring, but wanting to fuck as many ways as he could, he sat back down onto the bed, and swung Laura around on his cock, still not withdrawing an inch. She bounced up and down, her cunt smashing into fine outstandingly huge balls each time. In this position, she could also access her clit, which she did furiously.

"Matt, I'm getting close" she whispered, in the throes of passion.

"Cool, me too!" he replied as he again stood up.

Lifting Laura off his mighty meat-stick he placed her on the bed on all fours. She obediently opened her legs for him, and he once again inserted the giant helmet into her tight slit. Her fingers flew down to her clit once more, and she recommenced her furious strumming, her hand a blur.

Matt was close, he had started to slide in and out with more urgency than before, dragging more juice and my own cum out each time. Laura's cunt was starting to froth with the action and lubrication. Faster and faster his thrust, his balls slapping her legs as he brutalised her tender cunt, Laura slamming back onto his thick meat with her own urgency, the groans increasing in volume and frequency.

"FUCK ME!" she screamed. "FUCK ME! FILL MAMMAS CUNT! STRETCH ME WITH THAT FUCKER!" she blurted.

By way of answer, Matt banged into her as hard and as fast as he could. Sweat flew of his head, his hair dripping, his face a deep crimson with his exertion.

Laura started to buck her hips wildly, losing all control over her body as Matt plunged into her. Her hand flew from her clit as she started her convulsions; her vagina walls clamped firmly onto Matt's cock so tightly he couldn't withdraw it. A look of shock crossed his face but quickly passed as her cunt started to squeeze and milk his whopping shaft. He remained motionless as Laura did the work for him, her pussy slurping on his meat, coaxing his seed out from his balls. 

With a HUGE roar, Matt lunged forward, his bollocks giving up their treasure as he dumped his massive cum-load deep inside her guts. She continued to clamp on his thick root, Matt unable to move his cock either in or out, as he spewed load after load into my sluttish wife. His balls churned and his shaft pulsed until after Laura had started to come down from her mighty orgasm. 

Finally, both totally exhausted, Matt collapsed on top of Laura, slamming her small frame into the mattress. There they remained for what seemed an eternity, their marathon fuck session having lasted well in excess of an hour.

I looked at the clock; 2.53 a.m. I didn't know about those two, but I was in need of a bit of shut eye.

To be continued...