 Part 1

The sun shone brilliantly outside our bedroom window when I finally awoke, brightening the room despite the heavy curtains at the window.

During the night, each one of us had crawled under the duvet, shattered from our fantastic night of adult bliss.

Now, however, the duvet draped off the end of the bed. 

I studied my partners; I was settled between Matt and Laura. Matt was laid on his back, breathing gently, his cock huge but flaccid across his hip. His tanned body was perfection. His chest was broad and toned, the dark thatch of flat hair in the middle giving it depth. His shoulders and arms were huge, thick veins running from the shoulder down the entire length of his arms. His stomach was wash-board flat and rippled with muscle, his legs thick and toned. Looking to the other side of me, Laura was also sound asleep, curled up and facing towards me, looking serene. Her form was femininity personified; Her breasts were a perfect shape and size, pretty pink nipples surrounded bu a lighter areola. Her hips were slim and youthful, her stomach flat despite bearing our children. 

My cock stirred as my mind wandered back to just a few hours ago.

Matt had been awesome. Laura had been awesome. Fuck, I think that I may have been pretty awesome too! I smiled to myself and reached down to my scrotum, lazily scratching myself, the movement causing Laura to stir but not yet wake.

I carefully slipped down the end of the bed and off the end, not wanting to disturb their slumber. The clock displayed 08.23am.

I silently entered the bathroom to retrieve my dressing gown and tiptoed past them to the door and made my way downstairs, stopping in the downstairs loo for a much needed piss – again concerned that the noise may wake them up.

Once in the kitchen I made a much-needed coffee, and settled at the breakfast bar, just staring out of the window. I would get a shower soon, perhaps prepare a special breakfast for our young guest, and ready myself for my mid-morning golf round with Clive. As I planned my day, Laura joined me in the kitchen. She looked a little tired from last night, but sported a huge smile.

"Good morning, Lover" she whispered as he hung herself onto the back of my shoulders, leaning in to kiss my neck.

"Morning love" I replied, responding to her tender touch. "Is Matt wake yet?"

"Nope, which is a shame because he has the most amazing morning glory – I could have easily hopped on board" she replied, giggling girlishly. My cock twitched.

Laura made herself a cup of tea and joined me at the bar where we discussed plans for the day. We both agreed that it was a shame that our night with Matt was over, but we knew we had another couple of weeks before his parents were back from holiday. 

Half an hour later, I announced that I was taking a shower, and moved off my perch towards the stairs.

"Think I'll join you" Laura countered with a naughty glint in her eye.

Part 2

We tiptoed across the bedroom from the doorway to the bathroom, both of us scrutinizing Matt's stiff meat column throbbing on his stomach as we passed.

Waiting for the water to warm, we disrobed and entered the steamy shower cubicle.

Laura stood facing me, the water running down from her neck and between her breasts, nipples jutting out like bolts. She took the shower gel, poured a little into her hand, and then offered the gel to me. She adjusted her position slightly to prevent the water running down the front of her then with one hand started to rub the gel across her tits, the other moving down to her pussy to lather the gel onto her sticky clit and lips.

Gel in hand, I mirrored her action, starting to soap my chest and cock. As the gel easily slid over my dick and with my eyes fixed onto Laura's pussy, it wasn't long before I felt a stirring from my groin. Within minutes, my cock has transformed from a limp slug into a stiff rod of steel, my hand action changing from washing myself to masturbating.

Laura had started to heat up too as she gently frigged herself, her fingers grasping her slippery nipples to tweak them as she surveyed my jerking dick.  Without a word, she dropped to her knees which allowed the water to spray onto my chest and down, quickly dissipating the soapy lubricant bubbling around my cock. Eye level with my dick, she grasped it firmly, and pulled me to her mouth, engulfing the helmet in one go, then slipped me further inside by pulling me onto her. As my glans hit her throat, I let out a loud moan and started to gently motion my hips in and out of her willing mouth.

Suddenly the cubicle door slid open; Matt stood outside, grinning approvingly.

"Mind if I join you, or is it private affair?" he asked, his eyes feasting on Laura's overstuffed mouth as he tugged his foreskin back and forth.

Without bothering Laura for an answer, I smiled back and gave him a wink.

The cubicle was already a tight fit with Laura and me but once Matt had stepped in we were like sardines.

Matt's cock rested against my back (as he is 6'4" – I'm 6'-even) as Laura continued her blow-job. He held me around the chest, his muscular arms sliding over my nipples as he slid his cock up and down my back, his breath hot against my ear. I slipped my arms behind to grip his firm butt, squeezing his flesh with my fingers, pulling him against me more firmly. Laura continued, lapping at my balls and swollen purple glans intermittently, before plunging back onto my whole prick with great enthusiasm.

Needless to say, I didn't last long. My ball-sac started to constrict, something that didn't escape Laura's notice as Matt chewed and nibbled on my ear, his cock feeling monstrous and deliciously hot as he masturbated up and down my back, his arms pulling me tightly against it.

Laura's head bobbed quicker and quicker, persuading my sperm to venture into her waiting mouth. Blasting as I howled, I pumped out a gush of jizz, filling her throat time and time again. Laura looked victorious as she swallowed my load, standing up awkwardly from the tray. 

Matt assumed that it was his turn next so jostled me out of the way to get to Laura. He quickly grabbed a blob of shower gel and lathered up his dick, ensuring that he was clean before his next play.

Just as she was about to resume her cock-sucking position, Matt grabbed her by the waist and hoisted her up with those massive arms he possessed, leaning her shoulders against the shower wall. To maintain her balance, Laura's legs instinctively wrapped around Matt's slim waist, and in one quick movement, Matt's cock flicked up to her waiting pussy.

He lunged forward, his hips impaling her soapy cunt lips with the tip of his giant tool then slid her down onto the his thick meaty log. The gel was acting as a lubricant, enabling her to easily slide down his monster length and girth, although not without stretching her lips to the max and forcing a loud grunt from her as she came to rest on his pubic bone.

Slowly he started to plunge his giant dong in and out of her slippery cunt, slurping sounds produced each time he pulled out, farting sounds as he pressed his cock all the way home. His movements were precise and controlled, each push designed solely to pleasure the lucky woman impaled on his rod. Slowly he rotated his hips with each thrust, heightening Laura's pleasure, his cock obviously stretching her pussy walls in all directions, hitting her g-spot with each rotation. 

His movements were not like I'd previously witnessed as Matt fucked. Whilst he had started slowly, he gradually built up steam, ending up banging away as fast as he could. Now, however, he seemed to be savouring each gentle push into Laura's tight cunt; each thrust and twist contorted Laura's face as she shuddered. I almost felt like a voyeur watching a couple making love. 

My own body shuddered with lust. Watching Matt's powerful hips push upwards as his tight arse hollowed, watching his calves bulge and his strong arms flex, my hormones raged, coursing through my veins and down to my balls. My cock was still rampant despite having cum just a short while ago. I shifted slightly forward and snaked my arms around Matt's firm, young body, reaching up to his chest. As the water sprayed against my hands they brushed through the small patch of hair between his pecs then parted, to graze against his firm brown nipples. Standing so close to Matt, the tip of my rock hard cock brushed lightly against his bum cheeks. Although I had absolutely no desire or intention to try to slip my cock into his tight arse, the brushing of my cock against him thrilled me. I inched closer still, my cock slipping between his legs, following the path past his hole until it was stopped by his huge balls gently thumping against the tip as they swung freely. I was practically on his back. 

Matt dipped his head down to Laura's nipples, licking gently, his thrusts massaging my cock under his perineum. He moaned almost silently, his cock in the grip of Laura's tight sleeve, my cock massaging his sensitive perineum, his mouth intent on pleasuring Laura's nipples.

Matt's expertise on Laura's nipples prompted her chest to rise and fall sharply but he eventually pulled away. As he moved his powerful upper body, he deliberately twisted to one side, all the time slowly penetrating into the depths of Laura's mushy beaver. His shift in position gave me the most fantastic view of their coupling from his own point of view – her pussy lips stretched so wide by his mammoth girth he looked like he would cleave her in two; the dorsal vain of his 9 inch cock together with the rest of his cable-like veins physically rippling her pussy lips as his shaft disappeared into her.

This Adonis was certainly no stranger to screwing, his finesse clearly on display now.

Laura's wet body devoured all that Matt could offer; begging for her orgasmic release, but Matt continued his slow grind, in no hurry to relinquish his wad or to let Laura off the hook (so to speak) so lightly.

Watching his cock delve into Laura over and over fascinated and overwhelmed me with fervour. Dropping my arms from his chest, I fumbled around under Laura's butt, locating Matt's thick shaft, following the thick column down to his balls. I gently squeezed, having learned that Matt enjoyed it, causing him to squirm in my grip but still he didn't miss a stroke. My cock throbbed wildly under his scrotum and against my own fist, yearning to cum again.

"Quicker, Matt!" I goaded, "is that all you've got?"   "Yes, quicker" pleaded Laura, on the very edge.

He quickened his thrusts, in doing so increasing the friction on the upper part of my cock and glans. 

"Faster" moaned Laura and me quietly, in unison.

Faster again he thrust, each upward motion driving his titanic prick into Laura's desperate cunny. Such was his speed now that he forced her lips into her pussy with every shove, dragging them out with his withdrawal. With each drive up, Matt applied pressure onto Laura's swollen clit as it dragged the lips down and Laura whimpered;

"Faster, faster......"

There was no way Matt could go any faster, his hips pistoned in and out of Laura, mashing her pushy lips into her cunt. My own dick heaved and jerked with the speed, climbing towards another volley of cum.

As he pile-drove his steel into her, she began to silently convulse on the wedge between her legs, gripping his shoulders and rocking her hips into his. 

Then she came.

As my cock throbbed between Matt's legs, Laura's pussy clenched. So tight was her grip on his battering monster that it seemed that their pelvises were fused as her spasms transmitted though his shaft and pulsating onto my glans.

My cock-slit burst open with my second cumming, jetting onto Matt's balls as I grasped his nipples tightly. Matt's cock jerked and spasmed around Laura's clasping fanny, as his balls churned out a super-charged gob of cum into her vault, his palpitations adding to the sensation on my already over-sensitised glans.

Standing exhausted, we stood still for a few minutes, until Matt withdrew his glistening cock from Laura's saturated cunt. 

Water cascaded from the shower, washing big globules our combined spunk and pussy juice onto the shower tray with loud spatters.

Part 3

Completely drained, we each washed quickly, grabbed a few towels to dry, and convened in the kitchen; Laura and I in our gowns, Matt stood at the bar wrapped in just a towel. I prepared a hot breakfast as Laura made coffee, listening to Matt talking about his plans for the summer.

As we ate, Matt dropped a bombshell;

"I'm looking forward to getting to University in September" he casually mentioned.

Both Laura and I stopped eating, looking up at Matt, devastation written across our faces. Matt looked up at us, his mouth now full, his face genuinely surprised.

"I thought you guy's knew" he continued, managing to convey his sorrow at disappointing us with his news.

We didn't utter a word.

"Look, I'm not a million miles away. I will be home during breaks and holidays, so I will get to see you both then. I couldn't give our little parties up, plus I'll be able to tell you all about the hot pussy I'll be able to get when I'm away!"

He said this with a big smile on his face, trying to brighten us up.

"Talking of pussy........" he continued slyly.

Part 4

Five minutes later we were all back in the bedroom, and stayed there until early afternoon; licking, fingering, nibbling, sucking, fucking etc. By now my cock was permanently solid as a result of the relentless friction on my glans, making it slightly sore and red, although not unpleasant. I tried to remember if it had ever had so much use. I jealously observed Matt's constant erection, figuring it was down to his youth – something that I would never encounter again – and hoping that he would make the most of his gift whilst he was still young and virile enough to do so. 

The bedroom was hot and sweaty, the heavy aroma of sex pervading the air as Matt's arse bounced up and down on Laura's splayed form.

"Fuck me with your massive prick!" Laura snorted wildly "show James how you stretch my poor little pussy with your monster."

"Oh, don't worry, he knows the feeling" Matt replied sub-consciously as he rammed his stiff, fat poker into her sloppy cunt.

Laura froze as Matt continued banging away, oblivious to what had just escaped his lips.

She looked directly into my face; it frozen by the accusation Matt had so casually thrown at me.

"What?" she asked coldly.

Matt stopped with his bloated cock jammed in her twat, looking down at Laura in surprise, still not aware of his slip up.

"What?" she asked again as Matt sensed her irritation and began to get up from her, still managing to look puzzled,

"You said "he already knows the feeling" – what does that mean, exactly" Laura asked, concerned at our reluctance to reply.

Matt tried to answer, his voice spluttering as he began: "I just meant that he has seen my cock stretching you, didn't you, James."

I could tell that Matt was lying, so Laura's womanly instincts surely told her the same thing.

"Yes hun, Jeez, what's your problem?" I confirmed, sounding shaky and totally unconvincing.

Laura was undeterred. 

"I WANT TO KNOW NOW WHAT HE MEANT!" she questioned louder, aimed directly at me.

God, please let the ground open up!! 

I stood in front of her, my cock still standing to attention, refusing to deflate despite the enormous stress I was undergoing.

I sat down on the bed, looking between Laura and Matt, wondering how to best word my statement. Matt's face didn't convey any worry – he was in the best position really – both Laura and I had secretly been fucked by him behind the others back, we were the cheats – not him.

I started slowly, telling Laura how the whole thing had started when my car was off the road; I'd been home and saw Matt and the young Asian girl in his garden, her blowing his dick. I confessed to Laura that I was determined to see Matt's huge dick, at first out of curiosity, but then wanted more.

Shocked by my frankness, she turned to Matt;

"Matt! It wasn't Nitti Jhadev, was it?"

"Sure was" he cockily replied, beaming.

"Her dad will kill her – not to mention you!" she retorted.

Matt laughed out loud and looked at me, those brown eyes twinkling.

"Sure – when he found out months ago that I and half the estate had fucked her, he couldn't give her away! As for his family, nobody knows. There's no way he'd want the fact that his girl is a slapper being broadcast! He told them that he had decided to let her chose her own husband."

I was speechless! The devious little fucker had played me the whole time.

"What next then, James?" Laura demanded.

She sat agape as I told her of the garage event – the first time with Matt when I'd caught him in the garage masturbating, and of the second time. I told her how Josh and Matt had asked to work-out, but things got out of hand which led me to being virtually raped. All the while, Matt's eyes drilled into me and my cock was definitely not standing strong and proud.

Laura looked completely stunned by what she had just heard, quietly digesting the information I had divulged.

Finally, she stood up to leave.

"You're not leaving before you tell James your newsflash are you, Laura?" questioned a very mischievous Matt.

Laura froze on the spot, then tuned slowly towards me. She knew that Matt wasn't going to let her escape judging by the smug smile on his handsome face. Without missing a beat she blurted out;

"Matt's been fucking me since Christmas!"

It was my turn to be stunned into silence, apart from the gasp that emitted from my chest. I surveyed Matt's smile; was he taunting me, or did he want everything in the open and Laura and I on equal terms?

After what seemed like an eternity, Matt spoke.

"So what do you guys want to do next?"

I almost laughed, thinking that he meant what position, toys or none, Laura and I, Matt and Laura – the list was endless. I quickly realised that he meant what would happen with the three of us in the future.

"Matt, Laura and I really need to discuss things. I think that we should call it a day for now, I'm sorry."

"Fine" he answered softly as he stood up from the bed and ambled to the chair for his clothes. His reply had been neither surly nor petulant – he completely understood our state of affairs and tactfully retreated to enable Laura and me to decide between ourselves.

Laura pulled on her gown as Matt dressed. Just as he moved towards the door, he quietly spoke;

"I've had a great time with you; it'd be a shame to end it like this. I hope you two are ok.... Call me when you have decided." 

And out he went.

I called him a couple of days later..............

To be continued......