 "Hi Matt, its James" I began. "I'm gutted that you will be going away in September, we've had a great time lately, and I'm really going to miss the fun"

"Me too - but I will be home quite regularly..." he replied. Did I detect a slight tone of hope in his voice?

"Laura and I discussed EVERYTHING that has happened, we both agree that if you are happy to carry on until you go, we are too. We'd both miss you, and your huge cock!" I giggled like a girl as I spoke.

"Sure thing" he answered. "But, what if we up the stakes - could I ask Josh to come too?"

I was a little thrown by his question. Josh was a great lad, with a great cock too, but I wasn't at all sure if Laura would agree to another body.

"I will ask her, but I'm not really sure, Matt. Will call you and let you know."

"Ok" he replied, sounding hopeful.

That night I spoke to Laura. She wasn't happy - the more people involved, the higher the risk of outsider's discovering our past-time.

Over the next few days I dropped subtle hints to her that I was keen for another session, I spoke to Matt frequently to update him, and asked him to drop by one evening to try to persuade Laura that all would be kept quiet within our secret circle. 

***************************

On Thursday evening there was a knock on the door. It was Matt. "Can we come in?" he asked.

I looked at him quizzically. "We?"

Just then, Josh hurried around the corner, looking flushed.

"Hi James" he smiled.

I smiled back and looked at Matt.

"I thought it best to ask Josh to come too, so I could introduce him to Laura" he said, his eyebrows rising.

"Uhm, I'm not sure, Matt, it might have been better if you'd come alone"

"Who is it hun?" Laura called.

"Matt" I replied.

"Call him in then!" she called out impatiently.

I eyed Josh, quickly pondering the situation before Laura made up my mind. "Hurry up then!" she called again.

I ushered both the strapping and hung young guys into the hall, Matt making his way to the living room with Josh close behind.

"Hi Matt" from Laura was quickly followed by a surprised look on her face with the appearance of Josh.

"Hi Laura - this is Josh".

She eyed the second young man up and down, studying his fine features, blonde-red hair, freckles and form, a bit unsure of how to react.

"I wanted Josh to meet you" he continued "he's my best mate, very discreet, and totally into the same kind of fun as we are".

"You told him?" she asked, incredulously.

"Sure! We talk about everything! We share everything, and I mean EVERYTHING!" he answered. "Look, I know that you're not sure - scared even. But Josh won't breathe a word about anything that goes on. Fuck, we wouldn't get another girl if he'd blabbed about what happens with our mates in the gym!"

Laura looked intently at Josh, finally asking them both to sit.

"Look boys, I'm really not sure, perhaps you can keep quiet, but there's other things to consider" Laura announced.

"What?" I asked.

"Well for one, I really couldn't handle the whole story coming out. Secondly, what would the neighbours think seeing young lads coming and going? Thirdly, three cocks may be a bit too much for me..." she responded. She had a worried look on her face, appearing to be thinking of the consequences.

After a few minutes to ponder the reply Josh finally spoke. "Laura, I would NEVER say a word. Matt has told me what a great couple you are. I know that you already know about Matt, James and I messing around, there's NO WAY I could have that come out! My parents would freak and throw me out. I'd never live it down on the streets, I'd be battered!"

"I just don't know" was all that Laura could muster, as I slipped out of the room to get a few drinks from the kitchen.

Returning to the room, I handed around the drinks and sank into the opposite chair, picking up the talk.

The conversation had moved on, Laura asking questions of Josh - where he lived, who his parents, what he liked were; generally getting to know him a little better - thankfully. He was a likeable lad, quite well spoken and polite, his blue eyes flashing brightly and animated as he spoke - I could see that Laura was starting to warm to him. Turns out, Laura knew his mum from via another friend, although they didn't socialize.

After a while - and a few more drinks - the mood had considerably relaxed, both Josh and Matt laughing and joking as we interacted. A few times I noticed Matt brush his arm against Laura, and his hand on Josh's thigh on occasion hadn't gone unnoticed by her. Gradually the talk progressed, with Laura asking Josh about his love life.

"I have a regular girlfriend, but nothing too serious" Josh imparted.

"Ha!" Matt countered, "She's a fuck-buddy!" laughing out loudly. "His cock sure is busy," he went on, "and he doesn't care where he sticks it either".

Josh laughed at this too. "Cheeky twat!! He responded jovially "I was taught that I should share my toys!" He grasped hold of his bulge with both hands and rubbed hard as he laughed - the first overtly sexual sign of the evening. My own cock jumped a little, remembering the fat, smooth and slightly upturned cock he possesses - the one that had been in my mouth and arse a while back. I absently-minded placed my hand on my own crotch, re-adjusting myself, something not un-noticed by Laura.

Emboldened by the drink, and the warming atmosphere, Josh addressed Laura. "So, Laura, what do you think?" and motioned with his head down towards his impressive bulge.

"I think it's time to call it a night" she responded, shattering the poor lad's hopes. His face visibly changed from one of mischief and eagerness to one of dejection.

Matt eyed Laura, and then me, searching for something that may change her mind, but admitted defeat when he received no advance.

Devastated, I stood (with a visible hard-on) and told the boys I would see them out. Laura looked into her lap as Matt and Josh stood to go, Josh's excited penis straining against the fabric of his jogging pants, the outline of his cock-head clearly visible to her had she taken a look.

"I'm sorry boys, I'm just not ready to make a decision" Laura told them, still not looking up.

"It's OK, Laura" Josh kindly replied as he nudged Matt in the small of his back to move him forward. "Goodnight, it was nice to meet you, hope to see you again".

"Goodnight both" she replied, this time looking up and smiling at the pair.

At the front door I smiled and shrugged at the two frustrated looking studs. "I'm sorry we haven't yet convinced her, we'll just have to keep trying. Guess you'll have to waste that thing Josh" I said, motioning at his still throbbing groin.

"Not if I have anything to do with it, mate" Matt chuckled, and slapped Josh on the arse as they both left. I felt gutted - no action for me, but the other two seemed like they were going to empty their sacks either way!

*************************

"Matt, she said yes!" I excitedly gushed as soon as I saw him on Saturday morning, and explained what we had discussed.

"Great" he replied with a huge grin, "Can't wait to tell Josh. When?"

"Whenever you are ready" I replied.

"Tonight. I'll arrange with Josh to be around - about 7ish?"

"No, make it about 9 o'clock. I want Laura to be relaxed, so I will do dinner and supply her with a few drinks to calm her nerves" I responded, my heart beating rapidly with anticipation.

Matt gave me a huge smile, looking as if he was holding a winning lottery ticket. 

"Right mate, I'll be ready for 9, see you later" he said, before turning and walking towards his house.

*******************************

Tick, tick, tick... The day dragged. Dinner done and dusted, Laura half cut (I'd had just the one - didn't want to be wasted and miss the full experience) and we were both sat in the living room awaiting the boy's arrival. Laura looked amazing. She'd really taken care getting ready; hours in the bathroom, carefully selecting a figure hugging outfit, and applying her make-up to make the most of her exquisite features.

At 9pm on the dot, there was a knock at the door. As I jumped up to answer, Laura grabbed my arm and pulled me back down. "Oh no you don't, it's for me, and I'll get it" she scolded, then stood and slinked out to the door. 

A few moments later, Matt, Josh and Laura appeared through the door, all three appearing a little flushed.

"James, sit over there" she directed, nodding at the chair opposite the sofa. "Josh - you there, Matt you there" pointing at either end of the sofa. Both lads grinned, Josh almost collapsing into the sofa, and confidently spread his legs wide to display his goods. Laura sat in the middle, with Matt the other side of her.

"How are you Laura?" Josh enquired politely.

"Horny" she replied, as she turned and looked directly at him and slid her hand over his crotch."Enough of the small talk, I want a good fucking".

Jesus, was this the same woman who was at such pains to be part of this little group?

I moved to get up in order to get across to them all but was halted by Laura's sudden order. "NO! You stay put for a while, mister!"

WHAT!! I wanted to scream, but slumped back, trying to come to terms with the dejection, and confused by her motives.

As I watched, Laura began to rub around Josh's genitals as he tried to grope her tits. Matt turned towards the two, leaned over, placed his hand on Laura's knee and commenced tickling up towards her crotch. As she rubbed, Josh's breath began to deepen, his cock engorging with blood in front of our eyes. Laura began cooing and sighing, loving the feel of the outline of his firming young meat beneath her experienced hands; he in turn was massaging her nipples through the sheer fabric of the dress that she had donned this evening, his breathing deepening. Matt had managed to hitch up her dress and was slowly parting her legs to get access to her knickers - I was still sat opposite, gutted, and sporting an increasingly hardening dick.

As I watched intently, Matt had finally reached his goal, and lightly stroked the thin fabric covering Laura's pussy, eliciting tiny moans of pleasure as he tickled across her clit and pussy lips. Josh had somehow managed to pull the top of her dress down, and had her tits jutting out of the top of her bra, her nipples erect as he stroked, kneaded and gently pulled on them - boy, these young studs really knew what they were doing.

"You wanna show me what you've got?" Laura asked looking into Josh's bright blue eyes then reached for his belt buckle.

"Yeas please Mrs ..." he responded eagerly. 

She slowly and seductively withdrew the belt from the loop as Josh leaned back, letting go of her breasts. Uncoupling the belt fastening, she expertly flipped the top button of his jeans, and started counting down as she flipped each of the buttons of his straining fly. Matt had moved of the sofa and kneeled in front of Laura's still parted legs. Once her first mission was complete, she directed Josh to tug down the jeans. He complied silently, and then stripped off his t-shirt, showing his magnificent pecs and abs. With his jeans around his ankles, he was sat in his trunks, the bulge of his enormous cock bulging obscenely. 

"Oooh, I'm in for a double treat" Laura cooed before once again rubbing her hand over Josh's fat cock. 

Josh began to moan himself, his legs splayed. She grasped hold of his cock though his trunks, jiggling it a bit before commencing to slowly jerk him off. A damp patch appeared through the trunks at the point where the tip of his cock would be, much to Laura's delight.

"Well look at that" she said "I think he likes it! Does he want to come out to play?" she asked Josh dreamily.

"Fuck, yes!" he answered, a bit short of breath.

Smiling, Laura bent towards crotch and exhaled over his bloated dick sending it into spasm and jerking upward. She slipped out her tongue and licked around the outline of his mammoth shaft then gently followed the girth from bottom to top with her teeth. Josh clearly appreciated her gifted mouth, loudly sighing with approval. Laura then started to engulf his stiff cock within her lips, soaking his trunks with saliva which highlighted the firm outline to greater effect, his glorious bulbous cock head straining for release. After a few minutes of continuing this Laura peeled down the trunks to display Josh's steely erection which smacked loudly onto his abs as it pulled away and sprang free. The uncut tip glistened with pre-cum, the shaft visibly throbbing on his stomach. Laura moved once again, cutting Matt out of the action with a forced closure of her legs. "One thing at a time, boys" she chided, and grabbed Josh's rigid young prick in both hands.

Matt looked shocked, looking at me in disbelief. 

"How do you think I feel?" I asked, slightly amused.

"Well THIS needs urgent attention" he groaned, rubbing over his massive cock bulge "come and sort me out, mate."

I didn't need to be asked twice. I jumped up and over to this young god, pushing him back into the sofa next to my wife and her own eager, hung stud. Within seconds Matt's jeans were off - again commando, and his magnificent cock jutting up from his lap. Once again I took in the glorious sight of his massive pole; the nine inches length, the pussy-stretching thickness of the shaft and massive mushroom head, not forgetting the glorious blue veins ribbing the whole thing. Just as I was about to take a firm grip, once again I was thwarted.

"Uh-uh" Laura said, sitting up between the two boys."Over there please, you can only watch for now" she said to me, and pointed to my chair once again.

"Fucking hell!" was all I could reply, and skulked back, my cock aching for action.

She grasped hold of both monster cocks, one in each hand, and began. She slowly peeled down the tight foreskin to reveal the purple glans below, stretching the skin gently down over the head of their cocks, the movement eased with the slick pre-cum emanating from the big slits until the foreskins eased past their corona. Matt's helmet was thicker and darker than Josh's, but it looked like Josh produced a lot more lubrication, juice seeping from him in a slow, steady flow. Laura's hand raised upwards, slipping foreskin over glans then back down in one easy, steady motion, repeating her actions over and over until the throbbing glans were covered with their gooey liquid and producing a slurping, smacking sound with each stroke. As she went on, their juice slipped both beneath and over her hands, trickling down towards both eager studs' balls, there place of origin. With this she began to travel further down their shafts, coating their cocks in a glossy sheen that highlighted Matt's bulging veins perfectly. My cock was fit to burst from its constraints; I knew I would have to do something to ease my ache. Matt reached across Laura's legs to locate her pussy and once again began stroking. The groan she produced spurred Josh into action, he too slipped his hand across to her pussy, both boys stretching, massaging and tickling the dampening pussy folds beneath her knickers. A few minutes later, Matt had hooked his fingers inside the seam and started to finger her clit, Josh joined in by pulling aside the thin strap of material and expertly exploring the folds of her slit. 

"Suck it please" Josh moaned almost absently-minded and Laura responded by shifting her weight to get closer to his huge, slick erection. She had released Matt's monster and grabbed Josh's huge cock with both hands, positioning the pulsating tip near to her mouth. Her hot breath thrilled Josh, swelling his cock even more before she enveloped the tip and slipped it into her hungry mouth. Matt looked a little annoyed because of her focus on Josh and shot me over a disgruntled glare, which put a wry smile on my face. All this time I had been watching the action, feeling a little isolated - Matt would just have to wait, like me.

Instead, Matt stood, clutching his massive hard-on and stepped towards me, his juggernaut of a cock arriving minutes before the rest of him!! 

"Suck it!" he commanded, thrusting his hips towards my face.

I eagerly leaned towards the gleaming, wet tip and plunged straight down onto the girthy shaft. The feeling of the hot, young meat sent shivers down me. I could feel every ripple of bulging vein, the delicious smell emanating from his groin wafting up into my nostrils and further stiffening my own cock. I just wanted to rip my pants off and wank furiously, with his beautiful manhood in the back of my throat until I spurted out every last boiling hot ounce of my spunk. Instead I did as I was told by Laura and remained clothed, although I had the benefit of Matt's dick in my mouth.

I started slowly, up and down, getting as much as I could into my stretched mouth, creating a vacuum as I pulled up, opening wide as I settled back down on it. My spit trickled down to the base which I grasped hold of to smear my spit around the huge circumference and around his ball sack. I massaged and gently pulled on his big, fat balls, churning up the lovely hot goo contained within, all the time sucking out the pre-cum from the slightly opened slit in his huge cock-head. Matt started to moan with pleasure, slowly grinding his hips back and forth, face fucking me.

I couldn't see what Josh and Laura were up to, but it sounded like Josh hadn't taken too long under her expert admonishing. He started to moan loudly, and announced that he wouldn't be long. I heard Laura's slurps getting louder, and the slapping of what must have been Josh's balls as he thrust on and out of her slutty mouth, quicker and quicker. Matt responded to this too, as he began to thrust quicker and deeper, almost choking me with the thickness and length filling my whole throat.

"Fuck, I'm coming" Josh grunted "yes, fuck aaaarrrggghhh, god, fuck" he repeatedly groaned, at least for a few minutes. At the same time, Matt had shifted slightly to get a look at the action behind, still banging at my mouth, but with renewed vigour. Before long, he had turned once again, grabbing my head and forcefully jamming his monster cock into my mouth. I toyed with his balls again, teasing and willing him cum to gush up and out of the tip. His stomach started to tense, muscles strong and rigid, as he bucked into me, spewing out a string of foul words about fucking my mouth and coming down my throat. 

Within seconds that happened. His cock head pulsated powerfully prior to an explosion of molten spunk, erupting from the tip as he thrust his cock as far down as he could. My throat stretched as best it could to accommodate his mighty size, about six inches of it lodged firmly inside. His boiling seed coated my gullet and I felt Matt's cock erupt over and over, sending waves of his young, tasty fluid down to the pit of my stomach. He still had a vice like hold on my head, his orgasm stiffening his whole body as his cock twitched with the remnants oozing from the tip. My head felt like it was about to explode as I was denied breath. Frantically I grasped for his arms and yanked them away from me, swiftly withdrawing his thick, gagging monster from inside my air ways, coughing and spluttering as I gulped in a huge lungful of air.

"FUCK ME!!" I yelled once I was finally able to, my annoyance with Matt crystal clear.

"All in good time" he cheekily replied, his disarmingly fabulous looks instantly calming me.

I turned towards the other two on the sofa, Josh sporting his huge erection still - ah, the stamina of youth is astounding - and Laura reclined, rubbing her thighs, her chin coated in Josh's cum.

This time I wasn't taking no for an answer, and unbuttoned my trousers. In one quick move, I whipped them down with my underwear, my aching dick finally free from the infuriating confines of vestments. The tip of it was drenched with pre-cum, I knew that I wouldn't be able to take much stimulation before I blew my load.
