 New Year's Eve and what's that night without a party? Jerry and Cindy had invited a crowd over but in the long run, it turned out only to be nine people. Rich and Stephanie, Dave and Lydia, Marie and Bob, the lone single guy, Artie were all there and having a nice evening. There were conversations about almost everything, even politics which was squashed within seconds by everyone since Dave and Marie were on opposite sides of almost everything and no one wanted to see the night end in a civil war.

As the night wore on games were played, first Pictionary, then Charades. Sprinkled throughout were sexual references and innuendos and everyone was having quite a few laughs. An example was that several porn movie titles had been put in with the other slips of paper for charades. Pictionary involved human organs on several occasions, just good clean 'dirty' fun. Even the normally prudish Lydia was chiming in now and then and laughing. It was a very relaxed group.

After the games the conversation continued and someone brought up oral sex techniques. Everyone began to compare how they like to do it and have it done. The only one not really participating was Marie who felt the conversation was a little rough for her, but she was being a good sport and just smiling and nodding. It WAS getting a bit graphic and at one point Cindy said as far as she was concerned, no one could give head better than she could. Dave immediately came to Lydia's defense and made it very clear that she was the best there ever was. Dave then looked over at Steph and the two of them sort of rolled their eyes while Rich got a little bit of an elbow from Steph. He took the hint, "Hell, no one on EARTH can out do Steph and no one on EARTH can go downtown like me. I know just how to do it and no woman could ever walk away from me, I mean, they can't walk when I'm done."

Artie had been just sitting quietly chuckling to himself. He got a bold idea but had a strong suspicion that no one would go along with it, but if he didn't speak up now, he'd forever regret it. "Well, we can debate this until hell freezes over or we can find out who's best at going down on the other." Everyone stopped and looked at Artie. Lydia spoke first, breaking the silence, "So, what are you proposing?"

Artie laid out his idea. Each girl would blow each guy. The guys would be blindfolded so they couldn't see who it was and at the end each guy would pick his favorite. The one with the most votes would obviously win. THEN, the guys would return the favor in the same manner and be judged as well. Each person would be given just a short time so that none could get anyone off until after judging was complete so as to avoid any unfair advantages. Hands could not be used since they might make a move that would give them away. 

Everyone sat in stunned silence. "That is just disgusting. I hope no one is thinking of doing this," chimed in Marie. "Oh, no way you are thinking of this."

Dave asked just how long Artie had been thinking of this and Artie said, "About two minutes. Seriously, this discussion inspired me."

They all began to discuss the merits and detractors of doing this until Marie said, "Well, that's it, I love you guys but this kind of crosses the line. Bob, let's get going." Bob reached into his pocket and pulled out his keys. "You can take the car. I'm staying." Marie sat down but refused to participate or even watch if this was happening.

It was happening. Everyone, but Marie liked the idea. Sounded like a hell of a good time and everyone stood up and stripped off their pants and underwear. Taking off the tops would take away from the main idea behind the contest it was determined. This was an oral sex matter only.

It didn't take long for the boys to be erect; no embarrassment was noticed on anyone's faces. Dave suggested that it should be ladies first. Cindy, Steph and Lydia said that was very gentlemanly but asked how the boys would perform. "Dave has a bad neck. Turning his neck up might be tough for him," suggested Lydia. Dave said he'd make due. The girls sat on the edge of the sofa. There being only three of them, they all fit nicely. Lydia, then Cindy and Steph sat in a row, legs apart, blindfolds on and said, "Ok, start."

The boys seemed to take forever in choosing the order they went and had to do it very quietly since the girls couldn't know. It was decided that Artie should go first since it was his idea. Artie did and he dove in with abandon. An egg timer had been retrieved from the kitchen where Marie sat brooding and would be used to mark the end of each licking. One minute had been decided as the time period. As they came to this conclusion, Bob said, "I'm just glad this is the only period we have to deal with." All chuckled at that.

Artie let his tongue zip around Lydia like a dog running around on speed. Lydia squirmed a bit, pumped her hips a bit, and moaned a bit. DING! Time to move on to Cindy. Again Artie's tongue zipped and darted over the lips before him. Cindy was trying very hard not to cum and had to stifle a "STOP!" just as DING! She was saved by the bell. Stephanie was next. Artie, using the same form was non-stop, all over the beautiful paradise before him. DING! Artie was done.

Bob went next. Bob leaned into Lydia and began to French kiss her like he was kissing her mouth. His tongue went in and around as if searching for another. He did have a long tongue, something that each of the other guys knew was an unfair advantage and if Marie had been involved, instead of pouting in the kitchen, she would potentially know him right off. Bob finished off Lydia, moved to Cindy and then Steph, each time using his own personal technique.

Now Rich who suddenly realized that they had never agreed to a manner of cleaning up after themselves so that the next guy would get in fresh. He couldn't protest too much though as it would give him away. "This sucks" he mouthed to the others. All of the other three held in their giggling and though they agreed in principal, it was too damn late now. They just motioned for him to get on with it. He did. All three in his own personal style which Dave, Bob and Artie noticed got a little extra rise from Steph. "Hmmm, cheating?"

Dave was last. He sat on the floor staring at his wife's mound, the lips moist with the saliva of three other guys and her own wetness. He'd never shared his wife before. He was still somewhat day dreaming when Jerry nudged him, nearly pushing in straight into Lydia's pussy. Dave pulled back, turned and gave Jerry a nasty look and then, ATTACKED! He was an animal and at times it seemed to Lydia that, whoever was doing her, would push his face all the way into her vagina. Dave had never gone nuts like this so she was convinced it couldn't be him. DING! On to Cindy.

Dave was a maniac. Lydia had enjoyed the crazy way the guy had devoured her but if he kept it up very long, she may find herself in pain. Cindy was thinking along the same lines when DING! On to Steph. Again Dave was going hell bent for leather. Steph found it just a tad unsettling but stimulating none the less. DING! 

Jerry was last. Jerry it turned out was the least talented. He just sort of lapped them like a dog drinking water. No clitoral stimulation, no sucking, no biting, nothing at all spectacular. He moved from Lydia to Cindy to Stephanie and not a one of them really could say it meant much to them.

Now it was time to reverse the rolls. The guys stood in a line, erections beckoning the girls' attention, each with a blindfold on. Steph was first onto Jerry. She leaned forward and began to nip at his manhood with the tip of her tongue, flicking it back and forth, up and down and then, just before the timer announced she was done, she engulfed the head and shaft. DING! She moved onto Rich, Dave (Dave figured out who it was right away) then Artie, and finally Bob. Each guy got the exact same routine.

Next was Lydia who started at the balls, tickling them with her tongue. She made her way slowly up each shaft brushing the underside with her tongue and then kissing the helmeted warrior with the tips of her lips before taking the whole head in and massaging the area of the foreskin with her lips.

Cindy began her routine on the topside at the base of the shaft. She would wrap her lips around the width and slowly drag her mouth back and forth on the sides; first one side then the other, never breaking stride. Cindy WAS good, both Steph and Lydia agreed though both still were sure they'd won.

When Cindy got to Artie, the poor guy had become so worked up, he just lost it and shot a wad of cum right into Cindy's shoulder as she made her way up the shaft. Artie, though technically not out since Cindy was last anyway, just shuddered and almost fell. The boys heard this and began to giggle, "That YOU Bob?" asked Jerry. "Nope, I'm still waiting. Artie, you going to be OK?" Artie mumbled something they didn't understand but stood his ground. Bob was the stoic in the group and with each stimulus, he just stood motionless. Other than a couple of "hmmms" now and then, you would think Bob was a statue.

Cindy finished up and the girls advised the boys to remove their blindfolds. So, now the judging should begin. "Wait a minute," piped up Bob, "We all need to get off first, well, not Artie." He was right and it was decided that to be fair, everyone was to get him or herself off. It turned into a group masturbation session as each worked feverishly to get off, longing for the mouths that had pleasured each, but having only their own hands. All watching each other closely, enjoying the sights and sounds. Artie, though spent, was furiously rubbing himself towards a second climax as he watched each woman intently.

As they began to finish, each to his/her own manner, a loud moaning, louder than any of them had managed earlier, overtook the room. All looked towards the noise and there was Marie, totally nude and rubbing herself like there was no tomorrow. Jerry, Artie and Cindy, the only woman still awaiting climax stared intently at Marie, her breasts bouncing up and down hypnotically, her ass cheeks grinding back and forth against the stool she had brought down from the kitchen, her hand rubbing her so quickly a fire could start. She rubbed, THEY rubbed. "That is so fucking HOT!" groaned Cindy. "Do it," she added, "Oh yeah, do it."

Bob was overwhelmed with excitement. Not only was his wife wanking up a storm, something she never did, but she was in front of other people AND a woman was getting off on this! Bob exploded. Some of hit Cindy in the back and Cindy backed up, "You got more? Come on Bob, you can do it." Cindy was a WILD WOMAN! She turned to Bob and began to suck him dry while still watching Marie out of the corner of her eye. Bob DID have more, not a lot more, he was pretty spent, but he surprised himself.

Artie and Jerry were almost done when Cindy attacked them each. "Let me do it." She pleaded, and they did. Cindy finished both of them then crawled over to Marie and buried her face between Marie's legs finishing HER with such skill, Marie came 8 times in 3 minutes. Jerry was in shock. Cindy had NEVER acted like this. He was thrilled. Marie fell over off the stool and Cindy caught her, lowering her to the floor and holding her, running her fingers through her hair. She held her close and Marie, beginning to blush simply whispered, "Shit" and tried to catch her breath. Cindy kissed her neck and whispered back, "Pretty wild baby, pretty damn wild."

Steph shifted a bit on the couch and suddenly noticed the clock. It was 1 am. "Oh, guys, Happy New Year plus 1 Hour."

A collective groan acknowledged her announcement and everyone decided a series of showers might be in order. First, another drink while collecting thoughts. They toasted the New Year with a couple of bottles of Asti that Jerry had bought and just sat. The floor was a mess and Jerry said, "Cind, I think we gotta keep the kids out of here until we can get this carpet steam cleaned." Cindy was a bit too distracted to hear him or respond. She was fingering Marie who was still panting.

Rich looked at Steph and grinned, "Maybe they would like it if you....."

She cut him off with a look of disdain, but then softened and said, "Not tonight. Who knows, maybe at some point, but not tonight."

Artie was by now sound asleep. He had chugged his second glass of Asti and the other drinks had caught up with him and now, out like a light.

Bob asked Jerry, "So, this is very cool. Cindy surprised me. I mean, she's awesome but I never expected THIS?"

Jerry just sat staring at his wife as she slid her lips softly over Marie's breasts. "I'm kind of in a state of disbelief myself. And shit, what about Marie? I mean, this is a HELL of a surprise!" Bob took a gulp of Asti and just stared at Marie and Cindy as well. "Yeah, I'm in shock as well. I mean, I'm happy as a pig in shit right now, but, wow. I can't wait for all this to actually sink in."

Lydia had made her way over to the sleeping Artie and just sat playing with his now limp penis like it was some sort of fascinating toy and Dave smiled at Steph. 

"I feel like we should all be fucking right now," said Rich. 

Everyone looked at Rich and each essentially said they were pretty much spent. Well, Cindy didn't say anything, she was busy. Marie was distracted as well.

Steph made a suggestion, any guy who could get it up, could fuck her, but it had to be doggie style. Rich was first and rammed himself home. She had barely finished the sentence when she was physically bent over the coffee table by Rich. Rich started slow but all the work his dick had just completed made the act slightly tedious and his member just a BIT sore. That didn't deter him and he began to hasten his pace until he came deep inside his beautiful, sexy wife. Steph was rubbing her clit as he finished.

"Next? Anyone?" Asked Steph.

Dave, who found renewed vigor was next. In he went and he just jammed himself in and began to pump furiously. Everyone watched intently, even Cindy. As she watched Dave bang Steph, she whispered to Marie, "I'll be back," and she scampered over and inserted her face under Dave's swinging testicles, her tongue extended, licking him each time they passed overhead. Her hands were grasping his ass as he pummeled Steph's sopping wet pussy. When he knew he was going to cum, he pulled out and backed up slightly giving Cindy access to his shaft and she reached up to stroke him for all he was worth with one hand. With her other hand, she inserted two fingers into Steph.

In the meantime, Marie, immediately missing Cindy scurried over to bury her face in Cindy's mound. Jerry was amazed at the transformation his wife was experiencing. He got behind her and inserted his now re-hardened cock into from behind while Cindy lifted her head to suck Dave dry.

Lydia snuck in behind Steph and began to lick the top of her butt crack and finger her asshole. As she did this, Bob also took a turn at Steph's womanhood. Lydia guided him in and tickled his balls as he pumped. Cindy hadn't moved from her spot and played with Bob's balls as well, occasionally sucking on Lydia's fingers.

Artie snored.

In no time, Bob climaxed also into Cindy's mouth. Marie had finished Cindy, Steph was exhausted and just rolled onto the floor by Cindy, her pussy aching in a good way. The guys just sat around looking at each other and then at the girls. Jerry had been unable to perform, too tired and spent.

Cindy was the first to speak. "You know something. I kind of enjoyed having you all over. Maybe next year we could do it again."

Artie snored himself awake. "Shit, what time is it?"

Steph looked at the clock and reported that it was now 3 a.m. in the new year.

"Damn, sorry I fell asleep. I'm surprised you guys aren't all cleaned up. Just too tired, eh? I know that feeling," said Artie, groggily.

"Eh, you didn't miss anything. Go back to sleep," said Jerry. The chuckled leaving Artie a bit confused, but he just fell right back to sleep.

They all agreed with Cindy but decided to discuss what other holidays were coming up that would require a party.