 As I read my first, it became obvious that longer was better. So I am giving the next three chapters in one longer story. Much more to cum with Ken and the girls.

* * * * *

We went into the house and she marveled at the design and decor. When we reached the master bedroom, she took one look at the bed and plopped down on it letting my shirt ride up to her waist. My cock got hard again and, unzipping my pants and letting them fall, I moved forward on top of her and entered her pussy.

When I sank in to the hilt, she grunted. I pushed my shirt up to expose her breasts and started fondling them as I moved in and out of her pussy. She met every stroke. We moved faster and faster slamming together pelvis to pelvis hard each time we came together. Finally, neither of us could last any longer and, holding tightly, I shot my load into her convulsing cunt.

We finally came down from that high and my softening cock slipped out of her cunt. I rolled over on my back and, again, she lifted up and licked my glistening cock clean of our juices.

After a while, we returned to the boat. There, we resumed our clothes for the trip back to the marina. Once back at the marina, I looked over other pontoon boats and some more fishing boats and letting my hands wander over Sue Ann's body any time the opportunity presented itself. Finally close to noon, I had seen enough boats to make a decision. I choose a pontoon boat and a fishing boat. Sue Ann said, "That's a lot of money. Can you afford to do this?"

"Sure," I replied. We sat down at her desk and put together an offer for both boats. I said, "Take that to your boss, get it approved and we can get them delivered."

Her boss came over and said, "The offer is approved. How were you going to pay for this? Should we set up financing?"

"No," I said. "I'll have my bank transfer the money to your account." Looking at the phone on Sue Ann's desk, I said, "May I use your phone?"

I called my bank, told the officer what I wanted to do and how much to transfer. I then told him to hang on for the information on what bank and account. Handing the phone to Sue Ann's boss, I said, "They need the information from you to wire the money."

He got on the phone and started talking with the bank officer. I walked over and started looking at boating accessories. Sue Ann said, "There are a few things you should get and a few more that are a good idea."

We prepared a stack and her boss, Jack, got off the phone and came over. "Mr. Reed, it's a pleasure doing business with you. Sue Ann, we'll throw all that in for free. Why don't you get the guys to help you load it into the pontoon boat for him to take it home? Mr. Reed, I have to get a few more papers prepared and signed and we'll be all finished."

We walked into his office and he wrote up the final papers. He said, "You will need to register the boats at the courthouse and get numbers for them. I can have Sue Ann take you there and go through the process. While you're doing that, we'll get the fishing boat in the water and get its trailer ready to take to your house. You didn't buy a trailer for the pontoon boat and, realistically, you don't need one."

I said that the process he outlined sounded fine and that I might take Sue Ann to lunch while we were in town. Sue Ann came up to us then and nodded upon hearing the plans.

We walked outside toward my car. When she got to it, she whistled, "This is a great car! I'm looking forward to riding in it." Jaguar convertibles with the top down do have that affect on women.

We got in and left for town. In town, we went to the courthouse and obtained the registrations for the boats and trailer and the numbers for the boats and a tag for the trailer. Using my cell phone, Sue Ann called the marina and gave them the numbers so they could be put on the boats. Then, I suggested lunch. Sue Ann said, "Let's go where my roommate works. If she can get away, she can help us move boats, car and trailer."

That sounded fine to me so we went over to a little restaurant around the corner. There was her roommate, Ruth, who was a touch shorter and had dark brown hair and eyes and a pouty mouth. We ordered and the girls went to the bathroom to talk and, when they came back, Ruth said, "I can get away and will help with the moving this afternoon. I just want to go by our place, change and get a swim suit."

She ate with us and then we left with Ruth sitting in Sue Ann's lap for the short trip to their rental house. Ruth's skirt slid up by her thighs getting in and she made no effort to hide her legs from me. When we got to the house, Ruth got out and Sue Ann invited me in while Ruth got ready. So, in we went.

Ruth went by into the bedroom but didn't close the door and started taking off her clothes where both Sue Ann and I could see her. Sue Ann said, "She looks pretty good. Good enough to eat to me." As Ruth took off her bra and panties, Sue Ann went into the room and squatted in front of Ruth between her legs spreading them. She leaned up and tongued Ruth's pussy which pulled a moan from Ruth. I realized that I was hard from watching already. A few more licks and Ruth fell back on the bed.

Sue Ann followed and maneuvered around to have her legs over Ruth's face. Ruth quickly removed her shorts and panties. Then she started licking Sue Ann's pussy. After a few moments, they rolled over and got noisy with the feelings their tongues were causing. I took my cock out of my pants and moved over toward them. Sue Ann looked up and, seeing my hard cock in my hand, said, "Fuck her ass! Shove it in her deep! She loves it that way!"

I moved behind Ruth and told Sue Ann to put it in her. Ruth moaned some more as the head of my cock pushed into her ass past her sphincter muscle. Sue Ann resumed licking pussy and I started to ram my cock into Ruth's ass without mercy. It didn't take long to bring up my cum and then I held myself tightly to her hips as I came into her ass.

When I had emptied my cum into her ass, I started to pull out. Ruth raised her head and said, "Bring your cock to me. I want to suck you dry." As I did, I saw Sue Ann start licking her asshole to get our juices from her hole. Sue Ann licked and sucked her ass and Ruth licked and sucked my cock.

When I pulled away, the girls got up and dressed to go out. Ruth wore a micro skirt with no panties and tube top. Sue Ann chose different hip hugger shorts and a cropped tee shirt with no underwear either. Slipping on shoes, they declared themselves ready to go.

3

When we got out to my car, I said, "I'll need for one of you to ride in the jump seat. It's really not legal to ride in a lap."

Ruth said, "I'll ride back there. That way, my hair will blow."

We got in and put on seat belts and went back to the marina. Ruth let her skirt ride up showing her pussy in my rearview mirror. Too bad it wasn't a four-lane road as a trucker would have loved the view!

We arrived at the marina and determined that I would drive the fishing boat with Ruth and Sue Ann would drive the pontoon boat. The trailer was connected to a pickup truck and Rob, one of the employees, would drive it over to my house and put it wherever I wanted it. Rob was a good looking guy who looked just out of high school. We loaded up and left.

As soon as we pulled away from the dock, Ruth pulled her skirt up to her waist. I watched as she put one hand behind her and started fingering her asshole. I asked, "Is your ass where you like to fuck?"

"Yes, my pussy is okay but my ass just makes me cum harder and better when it's fucked," she replied. She continued to finger her butt until she came and we approached my place.

"That's your place?" Ruth sounded in awe.

"Yeah, I'm moving up to the lake full time and wanted my comforts."

We tied up the fishing boat and the pontoon at my dock. Sue Ann placed some white floats to protect both boats. She said, "These are called bumpers and they shield the boats. We'll go over how to set them and what to carry later."

At that moment, Rob came up in the truck. I picked a place for the trailer and he parked it where I asked. I noticed that he got a little sweaty setting the trailer and suggested that he come up to the house for a drink.

We went into the house and found the girls naked on the floor. Ruth looked over her shoulder and said, "Rob, instead of a drink, how about a dive into my ass?" Rob started dropping clothes until he was naked and a huge eleven inch dick stuck out. Ruth smiled and leaned forward on her knees spreading her ass cheeks. Rob moved behind her and pushed his cock by her sphincter and all the way to the hilt in her ass. Ruth moaned with obvious joy at the anal invasion.

Sue Ann knelt in front of me as I watched Rob's penetration of Ruth. Unzipping my pants and pulling them down left me naked to the waist and she quickly took my cock in her mouth. She sucked me as Rob pounded Ruth with deep, hard strokes.

"Fuck me," Ruth screamed out! "Give me that fucker! Make me! Slam me hard! Don't stop! Hammer my ass! Do me!" Rob did what she told him slamming into her making her butt ripple with the force of his motion. "I'm cumming! Give me your cream! Shoot it in! Aeeee!" Ruth screamed out her climax. Rob grunted with each stroke and then went rigid holding himself in her ass as he shot a full load of cum deep into her bowels.

During this time, Sue Ann had managed to drain me once again.

When Rob finally pulled out, Ruth turned around and sucked him clean and dry. Rob started putting his clothes back on with a happy smile. I had "cummed out." I didn't think my cock could rise again, at least, not for while.

The girls put on their swim suits and went out to get some sun. I say "swim suits" though they really only had enough cloth to barely qualify as string bikinis. If both Sue Ann and Ruth didn't shave, hair would be showing. As it was, there was only a tiny triangle covering pussy lips and two other tiny triangles that covered their areolas leaving the rest of their breasts bare.

I told them to enjoy the sun and went back with Rob to get my car. On the way, Rob told me that he had been with Ruth a number of times before and that her ability to take his cock all the way into her ass always amazed him. He said, "Those two girls really know how to party and Ruth is always ready for a hard cock."

"This sounds great for me. I wonder how I can become a regular with them."

"There's real possibilities. You're the first guy that I've ever seen Sue Ann do when she first met them. Usually, she is a slow starter and, even then, rarely goes beyond a blow job with anyone."

We arrived at the marina then and Rob dropped me off at my Jag. Getting in, I started back to the house trying to figure out how to make Sue Ann and Ruth regular visitors there.

When I arrived, the girls waved from the dock and I waved back. I decided to go inside and put on swim trunks myself and did. Then I went out to the dock and joined the girls. Both were on their backs topless so I had a nice view of two chests with a nice set of breasts on each. Much to my surprise, my cock gave a twitch at the sight. I realized that there was hope for the old guy after all.

Sue Ann looked up at me and saw that twitch. Smiling, she said, "It looks like you like what you see."

"How could I not? It's not every man who has two beautiful women sunbathing topless on his dock."

Ruth said, "Particularly since he's had both of us today more than once." With that remark, Ruth rolled over showing me all body except for the thin red line of fabric going between her butt cheeks and around her waist. Sue Ann did the same and I got to see her glorious globes also. My cock was now hard again.

I moved over to Sue Ann and pulled her string aside. She smiled and gave a little grunt as I entered her asshole. She said, "You always seem to know which hole needs filling the most. Ah! Oh shit! Do me! Do my ass! Pump that cock in my asshole!"

Ruth moved her pussy in front of her and pulled her string bottom off. Sue Ann buried her head in her friend's pussy as I pounded her ass as hard as I could. It took less time than I thought and I dumped my load in her ass feeling her butt squeeze my cock. When I pulled out, she turned around and sucked me clean and Ruth sucked her to another cum.

We all lay back and let the sun warm and tan us.

4

After a while, I asked Sue Ann and Ruth about their jobs. Sue Ann said that she liked her job. She had gone to college for three years and studied marketing planning a career in sales. She explained that, when her parents passed away, there was no money so she started work. Next September, she planned to go back to college and finish her degree.

Ruth said, "She's the lucky one. I don't like my job but it pays my share of the bills. I graduated from culinary school but, in this town, that means nothing."

I said, "So you want to be a chef?"

"Yes, but there isn't much around here."

"Why don't you cook for me, for Sue Ann if she will stay and for yourself, of course?"

"That would be great!" she responded.

It was getting late in the afternoon so we got up and returned to the house. No one put on any clothes. When we got inside, the kitchen was the next stop. Ruth looked around while Sue Ann and I sat at the kitchen table. Ruth said, "You have a fine kitchen but it doesn't look used. Let's see about groceries." After searching, she said, "We will need to go shopping for food and a few supplies."

"Okay," I responded. "Let's get some clothes and make a list."

Sue Ann held up her hand and said, "First, I think we need to talk about where this relationship is heading. I loved the sex and you seem to be an interesting, intelligent guy, Ken, but what do you have in mind, how to we fit into those plans, and how do our plans work?"

"First," I said. "I don't have any set long term plans yet. My basic current plan is to live here on the lake almost completely full-time. I will have to make a few trips for business but not often. Second, I am not a cook or housekeeper and had planned to hire someone to handle those duties. Third, I'm open about how you both fit into my life but I am hoping that you will. Finally, within that general area, there should be room for the two of you and plenty of opportunity to make your own plans work out well."

"Hmmm," remarked Sue Ann. "It seems that you would hire Ruth to be your cook and bottle washer. I also noticed there are plenty of bedrooms. That leaves me. What would your plan be for me?"

"That depends on you," I answered. "You said your job is what you want and I don't have a sales job to offer. However, your body is fantastic and I want to see you a lot."

"And he'll want to do you a lot, too," chimed in Ruth.

"Well, yes, that too," I added. Looking at the two of them reminded my cock that, while used, it wasn't dead and it throbbed a bit. "See Sue Ann, just talking about you gets me hard."

"Oh!" she exclaimed. "We can't let that go to waste." She got up and, straddling me and the chair, eased down on my cock and I could feel it enter her pussy. Ruth got behind her and started to lick her ass and my balls as Sue Ann bounced up and down on my lap.

Slowly, my cock gained even more hardness and Sue Ann bounced even harder. Then both of us cried out together as I shot another dose of cream into her pussy. We held together tightly and I could feel Ruth's tongue on us both. When she lifted off me, Ruth immediately took my cock into her mouth and licked me clean of Sue Ann's and my cum. She then licked Sue Ann's pussy to get the rest.

Licking her lips, Ruth said, "Now, let's get dressed and go shopping."

We dressed again without underwear and went out to the Jag. I noticed how we had to stuff ourselves into the car and said, "At some point as this continues, a different car is going to be required."

"Boo," Ruth commented. "We need to go by the marina so Sue Ann can tell her boss she won't be back today."

"If you don't mind, Ken, I will use your cell phone and let him know more quickly."

"No, Sue Ann, we will need your car," Ruth said.

"Okay, then the marina is our first stop."

We went to the marina and dropped Sue Ann off. She was to tell her boss that she was taking what little remained of today and all of tomorrow to teach me about boats. Since she was on commission, she knew she would have no trouble. We were to meet at the girls' house after Ruth and I went by the restaurant. Ruth then said, "I will tell Joe that I have been offered a better deal. Come on in with me."

When we got to the restaurant, she and I went in. She went to her boss and told him that she had a better offer. He looked disappointed and whispered something to her. She said, "Okay, once more but that's it."

They went into the back area of the kitchen. I suspected something so I quietly followed them and stood where I could watch. Ruth bent over a table and pulled her skirt over her hips. Her boss unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. He pushed up behind her and entered her ass pushing in to the hilt. Ruth moaned and wiggled her butt a little. He started pumping her butt faster and faster until, with a grunt, he came inside her ass. Then he pulled out and licked her ass. I moved back into the main area of the restaurant. Ruth came out a moment later and said, "That takes care of that chore." We then went to their house.

Sue Ann had just arrived and we went in right behind her. She said, "Let's just get a few things for the week and figure out how we'll handle this place later."

The girls packed a bag each and took them out to their car and loaded them in the trunk. Then Ruth said, "Now, let's go over to the grocery store and get some food. We got in both cars, Ruth with me in the Jag and Sue Ann in her car and drove over. After shopping, I paid and we loaded the trunk of the Jag with food, wine, and beer. Then reentering the cars, we went back to my place.

On the way, Ruth flashed everyone. Finally, she left her skirt up at her waist and kicked her shoes off so she could put her feet on the dash and really show off her pussy. I don't know if other drivers liked the view but I sure did.

We got to the house and unloaded both cars. Ruth said, "Let's call some friends for a party later tonight."

I had no objection so arrangements were made for Rob and a few others to join us at eight o'clock that night. After supper which was well cooked, we opened a bottle of wine and proceeded to mellow out.

At about eight, the first cars came up. Three cars made it with six guys and two girls inside them. The other two girls were Melanie and Janie. They looked similarly as both were blondes with tight figures about five foot five and wearing very short cut-off jeans and shirts tied at the waist.

They went at the wine pretty quickly and I opened another bottle. Soon, no one was feeling any pain and, with music playing, all four girls got up to dance. The dancing started at suggestive and moved to lewd quickly. Ruth was flashing her pussy and butt at everyone. Melanie and Janie soon had their shirts unbuttoned revealing that they were not wearing bras.

Ruth went over to Rob and started rubbing his cock. Sue Ann was in front of me on her knees doing my cock the same way. Melanie unzipped her shorts and took them off showing only a thong and open shirt. Janie looked over at her and, smiling, unzipped her shorts showing nothing underneath except skin. She then tossed her shirt to one side to be completely naked.

Jeff, Todd, Jim, Augie, Steve, and Mel were loosening their pants which had become much too tight. Jeff reached out to Janie and rubbed her pussy. When she made no effort to get away, he pushed a finger in her. She let him pull her closer as, with one hand, he got his pants out of the way. Fortunately, he wore no underwear. He pulled Janie onto his lap and she impaled herself on his cock. Steve was beside him and was removing his pants and briefs as quickly as he could. Standing up, he moved to one side so she could suck his cock.
