 "Let's start with the fishing boat," I said.

Sue Ann got up and walked over to it. "First, look at how it's tied up," she said. "You tie up to prevent the boat from floating away and to keep it from being hurt. That's what the fenders are for. I had Rob tie these to your dock. You'll need to watch when you dock elsewhere to be sure there are fenders or some type of protection."

I was listening but also watching her body in the string bikini that she was wearing. Her tits were almost falling out and nothing was covered anyway but the areolas. Below, it was good that she trimmed her bush because nothing in front was covered until very low. In back, all that covered her ass was the green string going up between her cheeks. I was throbbing again even after the blow job she had given me at breakfast.

Ruth saw my hard and said, "Let's get in the boat and drive." She said, "drive," slowly and sexily making it obvious that she wanted more than the boat to be driven. Sue Ann got in the boat in the driver's position and waved me in. I sat down in the other seat so I could watch what she was doing. Ruth untied the boat and then jumped in. She took off her bikini bottom and moved in front of me unzipping my shorts and pulling me out. Smiling happily, she faced forward and placed the head of my cock at her asshole and pushed down taking it all the way in.

Sue Ann moved the boat out from my dock and then hammered the throttle. That pushed Ruth back on my cock pressing it all the way in her ass. Then, we hit a few waves and the boat bounced up and down as did Ruth coming down hard on my cock. Ruth was no beginner at anal sex but the slamming motion of the boat pained her. It didn't take much of this harsh stimulation and I shot my wad deep into her butt grabbing her hips and holding her down on my cock as I came.

Sue Ann smiled at Ruth's discomfiture because of the hard pounding she had received and slowed the boat..

"Wow," Ruth exclaimed. "That's the hardest fucking I have had in a while."

"Sue Ann, you've got to try that and let him just pound the cum into you." Then she lifted off my softening cock and turned around and licked me clean as the boat proceeded at a slower pace.

Sue Ann and I talked about handling the boat and what to watch out for as danger points and how to handle the boat in open water. Then she suggested that I drive for a while. As I drove the boat, she sat for a moment. Then she leaned forward and mounted Ruth's face. Ruth pulled the string to one side and started licking her pussy. I got hard again as I watched Sue Ann's face react to Ruth's tongue. Sue Ann leaned forward and started to lick Ruth. Finally, I stopped the boat in a large open area and moved behind Sue Ann. Pulling down my trunks, I knelt behind her. Then I pushed my cock into her ass while she and Ruth ate each other out. Sue Ann did not seem to know whether she wanted my cock to work her ass, Ruth to eat her pussy, or if she wanted to eat Ruth's pussy. She tried to do all three with Ruth and I helping. After a while, her tight ass worked its magic and, with one last shove, I came deep into her asshole. When I pulled out, Ruth grabbed my cock and again sucked it clean. Then she started licking Sue Ann's ass gathering my cum into her mouth.

When the girls finally finished each other, Sue Ann looked up and said, "We ought to try fishing next time out."

We rode for a while just enjoying the sun and I got used to the boat. We went over all the equipment stopping to use the trolling motor. Sue Ann asked if I had a fishing license and I replied that I did not but also had to buy tackle so it didn't matter. After an hour more, we returned to the cabin.

I wanted to rest a bit having cum three times since waking this morning. So, we laid out on the dock for a while enjoying the sun. Ruth got up and offered to bring lunch and soft drinks from the cabin. After eating a little, we started talking. I said, "There seems to be a few things we need to do. One is to get some more wheels. I need something a bit more practical than the Jag and with more room. Second, I need to buy fishing tackle. Third, we need to talk about Ruth's duties and compensation. Fourth, I need to call and see if I need to accomplish anything in Atlanta and get some more clothes moved down here."

Ruth said, "Sue Ann and I have friends who own a car sales lot that's not too far. They might have something good to buy."

"We can go there and at least see what they have," I responded. "What about fishing tackle?"

"That's easy," Sue Ann said, "We can go to Wal-Mart and get tackle and licenses."

"Okay, that moves us to Ruth."

"Well, I will need to earn a little money but, with food, lodging and fun covered, it doesn't have to be much." Ruth volunteered. "I want enough to cover my car expenses and clothes. A little to build a nest egg for the future would be nice since I've already started that while working at the restaurant."

We agreed on a weekly amount and carried the plates and drink cups into the house. While there, I suggested that Ruth pick out a room for her own. I got on the phone to my CPA and we discussed my finances. I would need to see him later in the week. We made an appointment for Thursday.

"Sue Ann, Ruth, where are you?" I called. Hearing no answer and some heavy breathing, I followed the sounds to one of the extra bedrooms. The girls were both on the bed and had lost their suits. Involved in a hot six-to-nine, they didn't hear me. I watched as they ate each other out including licking each other's assholes. Finally, they both came and then relaxed. "What do you want to do now?" I asked.

"Why don't we go by James Car Sales and check out the cars. Then, maybe we can go get some fishing tackle," said Ruth.

"Sounds like a plan but you two need to put on some clothes." Each girl smiled and stood up naked.

"Don't you like our bodies?" Sue Ann cooed.

"Yes, but that's not the point."

"No, this is," said Ruth as she rubbed my semi-hard cock through my pants.

The girls retrieved their bags and both dressed. Sue Ann pulled on a tight pair of shorts and a halter top. Ruth put on a short skirt and a tube top. Both then put on sandals, looked at me and smiled.

"I think you're legal and you have at least some clothes on. Let's go." I said and led us to the door and the Jag.

Sue Ann got in the back this time and Ruth got in the passenger seat letting her skirt ride up to show her pussy. Giving me directions, we headed to the car lot. When we arrived, no one was outside and Ruth volunteered to get James. She went in the office and moments later came out with a statuesque blonde. She looked to be close to my height with large breasts and a small waist. When she came close, she introduced herself saying, "Hi, I'm Claire, James's wife and I help out here at the lot."

"Great," I responded. "I need to get an additional vehicle. The Jag is too small for the three of us and has little storage space. I was thinking about a van or SUV of some type."

She said, "We have a few vans and SUV's. Let's look them over and see if we can narrow down to the right vehicle for you." She was wearing a tailored shirt with a few buttons undone and tucked into a pair of very tight pants. She was showing a lot of cleavage and you could see her ass move as she walked ahead of me leading me to the area with vans and SUV's. When we got to that area of the lot, she said, "The difference in van and SUV's is that vans hold more and SUV's are cooler to own. The big van and a SUV are both built on basically the same chassis with the same engine so it's a matter of preference." As she talked, she toyed with the button on her shirt. Ruth moved over to her and removed her hand and unbuttoned her shirt and reaching in unfastened the front clasp on her bra. Pushing the cups to one side, she started sucking on one breast and kneading the other. Sue Ann said, "Ruth, that's not getting any business accomplished."

Ruth raised her head and said, "True, but I love to suck Claire's tits." With that she lowered her head back to the breast and sucked. I noticed that, despite their size, there was very little sag in Claire's breasts.

Claire was not really embarrassed so I figured this had happened before. Claire said, "Do you want to look over and drive some of these?" She emphasized the word, "drive," and was starting to react to Ruth's mouth and hand. I stepped beside her and cupped her pussy mound with my left hand and placed my right hand on her butt with the middle finger along her ass crease. That got a groan from her. I used the fingers of both hands to work at her pussy and ass prodding at her holes through her pants. She groaned and moaned as I worked my hands a bit more roughly.

Finally, I said, "Let's go into the office and carry our negotiations further." She made no attempt to cover up but immediately started walking back to her office. Ruth walked beside her and the two put their arms around each other. Sue Ann walked beside me and I let my hand cup one of her ass cheeks. We went into the office and Ruth removed Claire's blouse and bra. Then the two kissed passionately as Sue Ann moved to them and unzipped Claire's pants pulling them down her legs and then reaching over to unzip Ruth's skirt which fell to the floor. As Ruth knelt in front of Claire, she pulled her panties down and started licking her pubes which I noticed were clean shaven. Sue Ann stayed upright and began playing with Claire's breasts which Ruth was now ignoring. I picked out a chair and continued to enjoy the show. Then Ruth pulled Claire over her into a 69 position and the two started eating each other. It was my first view of Claire's ass without clothing covering it. I was amazed to see welts on her ass. Sue Ann came over to sit on the chair arm next to me and said, "She likes to be spanked and James does it often."

Claire lifted her mouth from Ruth's cunt and moaned, "Spank me, Sue Ann. Do my ass! Do it hard!" Sue Ann moved to Claire and, grabbing a ruler from the desk, started spanking Claire's ass with it. I could now hear Claire moaning into Ruth's cunt from the spanking and from Ruth licking her cunt. I also noticed that her sphincter muscle was opening. I unzipped my pants and pulled them down and off. I moved into position behind Claire and pushed into her ass to the hilt with one strong shove. She grunted like a pig and then the grunt turned into a groan as she felt my length and width in her asshole. Sue Ann continued to spank her and Claire and Ruth continued to lick each other's pussies. I pounded in and out of Claire's open ass harder and harder until I felt the feeling of my cum wanting to be released. With one final shove deep into her ass, I shot my load into her bowels holding myself in her as deeply as possible. She must have felt my load enter her butt and reached a climax herself moaning and groaning around Ruth's cunt which she continued to lick and suck. When I pulled out, Sue Ann pushed me back into the chair and gobbled up my cock licking and sucking it clean. Claire and Ruth rolled over with Ruth on top and with Ruth licking her ass to get my cum.

A moment later, the door opened and a guy stepped in saying, "Well, I see that Claire has found someone to play with while I was gone." He immediately dropped his pants and knelt behind Ruth. Without hesitating, he pushed his cock into her ass to the hilt. Ruth moaned in response. The guy then said, "Claire, lick my balls."

Claire responded, "Yes, sir." She started licking his balls as he fucked Ruth hard.

Ruth moaned and cried out, "Give it to me! Pound my ass! Fuck me hard! Shoot your cum in me!"

The guy continued to slam Ruth harder and harder while Claire continued her work on his balls. After a while, he slammed into her hard and held himself tightly to her butt filling it with his cum. When he relaxed from her, his softening cock pulled out of her ass and fell on Claire's face. She opened her mouth and sucked him in all the way. When he pulled out of her mouth cleaned, she moved to Ruth's ass and started licking it to get the cum.

He looked over at me and said, "Hi, I'm James. You've met my slut wife, Claire." He pulled his pants up and went around to the desk.

"Yes," I replied. "She was showing me vans and SUV's since I need another vehicle for the three of us."

"Are you going to trade the Jag?"

"No, I will keep it. This will be an additional vehicle to use here to carry more people and to pull my new boat when I want to move it on a trailer."

"Okay, I would then suggest a SUV. I have two with hitches and I can sell either one to you for a good price."

We went outside after I pulled my pants back up leaving the ladies there. I decided on a Tahoe since it was a light color which I liked and we returned to his office. He wrote up the deal which I reviewed and realized it was very fair. I asked, "Do you want a bank transfer or will a check do?"

"In your case considering you know Sue Ann and Ruth, I will take a check," he replied.

I wrote out the check and gave it to him. By now, all three of the ladies had dressed in what they had. Sue Ann said, "Why don't we leave the Jag and we can all ride together in your new car?"

That was agreeable and we started out. James and Claire were to bring the Jag over that evening when they came over for some fun. The girls had worked out this plan while James and I were looking at vehicles. So, taking the keys to the Tahoe and leaving the key to the Jag, we climbed in and left for Wal-Mart. On the way, Sue Ann called Melanie and told her to come by the cabin this evening and bring friends to party.

We went into Wal-Mart and found fishing gear. Ruth flashed both the two clerks, a man and a woman, while we were picking out equipment. I paid for it all and bought a license and we left for the cabin.

After dinner, people started arriving. First were James and Claire. Claire was dressed in a halter dress that just came down to about an inch below her pussy. When she sat down, her pussy and ass showed She had no panties. Her nipples showed through the halter indicating that she had no bra either.

Immediately after she sat down, there was a knock and Sue Ann opened the door to Melanie and her friend, Janie, and the guys, Jeff, Todd, Jim, Augie, Steve, and Mel. Melanie and Janie were wearing super tight short-shorts and tube tops. When they saw Claire, they both smiled and Janie said, "This will be a hot party tonight because Claire will do anything."

"Yeah, and you won't?" Melanie teased.

"Well, not anything."

"But just about anything."

"Let's strip!" said Janie demonstrating by removing her tube top and showing her breasts to everyone. Melanie looked at her for a moment and then started pulling her tube top over her head. Claire looked up and seeing them, stood and pulled the dress over her head. Ruth and Sue Ann saw and joined in the clothes removal effort. All the guys saw this and started removing their clothes. In less than a minute, everyone was naked.

Todd lay down on the floor and pulled Claire over to straddle him facing away from his face. His cock was sticking straight up in the air. He pulled her down on top of him guiding his cock into her waiting ass and Claire groaned as she pushed down until his cock was in to the hilt in her ass. She then lay back. Janie came over and straddled her face planting her cunt over her mouth and facing down her body. Steve moved between Claire's legs and pushed his cock into her cunt. Both men began to fuck in and out of her holes. Claire's voice was muffled by Janie's cunt but it was obvious she was enjoying getting her holes reamed by the two younger men.

Melanie moved over to James and sat down in his lap facing him and let his cock pierce her pussy. She then started rocking on him while he worked her nipples with his hands.

Jeff lay down on the floor also and Ruth straddled him taking his cock into her pussy. Then, she leaned forward and Augie planted his cock in her ass. The two men began to thrust into her holes. Jim moved forward and shoved his cock into her mouth and began to forcefully fuck her face.

Mel looked at the scene for a second and came up behind Janie and pushed into her ass as Claire continued to suck her pussy.

That left just me and Sue Ann. She moved over to straddle me facing the orgy and I slid into her pussy. She would move up and down sometimes fast, sometimes slow and sometimes she would stop and just watch.

It didn't take long for everyone to start moaning and groaning that they were cumming. Starting with Todd and Steve, the men started to cum into the hole they were fucking. Todd and Steve held themselves tightly into Claire and filled her ass and pussy with cum. Janie had already cum to the ministrations of Claire's tongue in her cunt and Mel's cock lodged in her asshole. Mel pumped in hard and then held himself to her body as he pumped hot cum up her rectum.

Jeff and Augie were next to shoot their loads into Ruth followed by Jim filling her mouth. That left James with Melanie mounted on him and me with Sue Ann. James had been rocking Melanie at a steady rate as had I in Sue Ann. Although Sue Ann's pussy was tight, I had already cum many times during the day and had yet to reach an orgasm. James, on the other hand, suddenly held Melanie down on his cock as he pushed cum into her willing pussy.

When Mel pulled his cock out of Janie's ass, he let it drop onto Claire's face and she moved her mouth and took him in. Steve pulled out of Claire's cunt and stood up giving Janie a taste of cock and pussy juices fresh from Claire. When Mel was thoroughly cleaned, Claire moved to Janie's ass to drink the load of cum that Mel had left. Todd continued to hump into Claire's ass as he gradually became soft. Augie pulled out of Ruth and came over to stand in front of Sue Ann offering her his cock to lick after being buried in Ruth's ass. Ruth moved off of Jeff and slid down his body to taste his cock fresh from her pussy. Melanie lifted off James, turned around and knelt before him taking his cock into her mouth for cleaning. I continued to gently fuck Sue Ann's pussy with my cock. I was not close to cumming but was very hard.

Ruth and Melanie then started to lick each other clean as the other guys began to play with their cocks to get them back hard and ready for more sex. It didn't take long before the guys were sporting hard cocks again. Everyone was watching as Ruth and Melanie and Janie and Claire both continued to work each other's bodies in their 69's. Janie had licked Claire's cunt and ass and Claire had performed the same duty for Janie's cunt and ass. Both were clean of cum but were wet from the stimulation. Ruth and Melanie were working each other's bodies with Melanie adding first one, then two, then three and finally a fourth finger to Ruth's ass. Ruth was moaning loudly with passion from the fingers. Melanie adjusted her fingers into more of a circle with her thumb in the palm of her hand and pushed her entire hand into Ruth's willing asshole. "Oh, Fuck! Give me your hand, Melanie! Fuck my ass with your hand!" Ruth cried. Melanie now had her hand into Ruth's asshole all the way to the wrist. She started to flex her fingers and thumb and Ruth lost all ability to control herself. She came violently and non-stop while Melanie worked her butt vigorously and with no pity regarding any pain Ruth might feel. Finally, Ruth had one final gigantic orgasm and lay on the floor on her stomach twitching. Melanie slowly pulled her hand from her ass and when it popped out, Ruth sighed with relief.

Naturally, this had gotten all the guys and the girls ready for action. Jeff and Augie pulled Janie off of Claire and, grabbing Claire, started playing with her as Jeff lay down on his back. He pulled Claire on top facing away and, without a pause, pushed his cock all the way into her ass. She lay back on him and Augie took her cunt. Todd pulled Janie on top of him inserting his cock into her pussy and Jeff pushed her forward onto Todd's chest so he could enter her ass. James and Mel took Melanie in similar fashion. That left me still working my cock in and out of Sue Ann's pussy and Steve who fed his hard cock into her mouth. Ruth was allowed to rest as she continued to moan and breathe heavily. Her ass gaped open and only gradually began to close. After a few minutes, all the guys came in the hole they were in and started pulling out. As they did, one of the girls would take the cock into their mouth and clean it. When all the guys had been worked, the girls started on each other. When all that was complete, everyone lay back getting their breath and stamina back.
