 The next morning, Wednesday, started with everyone getting up, dressed to go to work, and leaving for their various jobs. Sue Ann, Ruth and I were finally left alone as Sue Ann didn't start work until 10 a.m.

Ruth was wearing one of my tee shirts that let her breasts show through the fabric and nothing else. Sue Ann had put on her shorts and company shirt along with sneakers. They came up to me as I sat at the kitchen table drinking coffee after having finished breakfast.

Ruth started the conversation, "Ken, we want to be your sluts. We were thinking about Claire last night and her relationship with James and we want to be yours."

"But without all the spankings." Added Sue Ann.

"But all the fucking, though." Chimed in Ruth.

"I understand what you're saying but what do you mean?" I asked.

Ruth said, "Any body, anywhere, anytime, anyplace, any way."

"So, if I told you to go out onto the dock naked and fuck everybody who will have you until I call you back, would that be included?" I asked.

"Yes," responded Ruth. "That's included. Parties like last night and yesterday with Claire would be also."

Looking at Sue Ann, I said, "If I told you to go in to work without a bra or panties and fuck anyone who wants you, is that included?"

She smiled and answered, "Of course. I should include customers and women, too?"

"Yes," I answered. She smiled again and started unbuttoning her blouse. She stripped down and, after removing her bra and thong, pulled her shorts back on and tied her blouse at her waist and only buttoned two buttons showing plenty of cleavage. "You're ready for work now," I said. "Ruth, your outfit will do. Go, put on some shoes."

Ruth headed back to a bedroom and Sue Ann started for the door. "What time to you get off from work tonight?" I asked.

"During the week, we normally work from ten to six with an hour off for lunch around one. The weekends extend from ten to seven on Saturday and twelve to five on Sunday. I usually take Wednesday and Thursday off but will work today because I took yesterday instead."

"Okay, I'll see you later this evening. Happy fucking!"

Sue Ann smiled again and left the cabin. Ruth came back into the kitchen wearing shoes and the tee shirt. "What do we do today?"

"There are some chores to be done, like house cleaning, and I'm going fishing for a little while."

"Should I have lunch ready for your return?"

"Yes, but just sandwiches." Putting a few soft drinks in a cooler and refilling my coffee, I went out to the dock and into the fishing boat. I cranked the motor and moved out for some fishing with no plan to go far. I went to an area that had many docks in a large cove and started casting at the closest working my way around the cove.

I was working my rod carefully trying to cast my lure as close as possible to the dock and even skip it under docks that were a little higher than most. I had worked far into the cove and was now working across the end. I had caught two small fish and released them. I started for the next dock working my way out the other side of the cove and cast over to where it connected to the shore. Using my trolling motor, I started again moving toward that dock like I had the rest. Then I noticed the woman on the dock. She was sunning face up topless. Her breasts were standing straight up with no sag and just the tiniest bit of spread. These were not small breasts but fairly large. She had to be a "C" cup and maybe larger. I had never seen breasts on a woman that were that large and which didn't sag. When I looked at her face, I was even more surprised. This was no young girl in her early twenties but an older woman who was well into her thirties and maybe her forties!

She looked up at me slowly and said in a deep alto voice, "Hi. Are you having any luck with your fishing?"

"Just a couple of little ones so far." I replied.

"Perhaps you'd rather put your pole in here?" she inquired as she spread her legs open for me to see a tiny bit of cloth vanish between her pussy lips. It looked like she shaved, at least, from what I could see which was quite a lot. She smiled as she saw my cock become erect from the sight. "I see some of you is interested," she commented.

"Well, you are hard to look at," I teased emphasizing the word, hard.

Her nipples were becoming excited and rising even further from the substantial mounds that were her breasts. "I want you to do more than look," she said. "I want you to do me."

I tied the boat up to her dock and stepped onto the dock. As I did this, she pulled the bottom to her bikini off proving that she was a clean shaver. She had one of the best figures I had ever seen on a woman. She was tall, around five foot, seven or eight, and not a little person. She had one of the best sets of breasts I had ever seen, a small waist and flat stomach, and generous hips though they weren't overly large. I pulled my shirt over my head and my shorts down over my toes thankful that I hadn't worn shoes or anything else. I wanted to put my cock to her badly. She opened her arms to me and I lay down on top of her sliding my cock deep into her pussy. It went in easily. She was roomy and wet. I started humping into her puss like a teenager on his first lay. She matched every move I made. Her pussy felt velvety smooth as I slammed into her and then pulled out almost all the way leaving only the head in her.

She began to moan and groan in enjoyment as I did. My cock pounded her pussy harder and harder as I raced for a cum. I felt the rising of my cum and rocketed in and out even harder and faster. Finally, it felt like the head of my cock exploded into her pussy as my cum blew out of my body and into hers. Grabbing her hips, I held myself tightly to her. Her legs came around my hips helping me hold myself in her as her pussy tightened to hold me in while she came. Both of us were moaning and groaning our orgasms and I could feel her pussy flood with our juices. After holding our pose with our hips tight together, we finally loosened up and I rolled to one side to prevent my crushing her. She rolled to face me.

"Wow, that was one of the best fucks I have ever had!" she breathed.

"Yeah, I've not cum like that in years." I gasped. The surprise to me, after I thought about it, was that I did cum so hard even after two days of constant sex and many cums.

"Do you hang out at your dock waiting for guys to come around and fuck you?"

"No, I'm on vacation and borrowing my sister's lake house for the week."

"Oh, what do you do?"

"I am a manager with the Georgia Department of Labor and my name's Carolyn, Carol for short."

"Oh, I'm Ken. I guess it's nice to know who you screw."

"As long as you will do me more than once. Who do you work for, Ken?"

"Nobody. I'm retired from a computer company that went public. This is where I live now though I still have a house in Atlanta."

"Okay, enough talk," she said and leaned forward to be kissed. I met her lips with mine and then we started a tongue duel which I won when I started working on her breasts. Finally, we broke the kiss.

"Those are amazing," I said.

"Yes, and they're real and home grown."

I started to suck one as I continued to work the nipple on the other. I came up for air and said with a wink, "I hope to make you groan." I immediately started back with a little more pressure and a bit more twitch to the other nipple. This worked and she groaned. I moved my nipple hand down her stomach to the junction of her legs. With one finger, I pushed in towards her pussy and separated her legs with her enthusiastic assistance. I entered her pussy with that finger which restarted the moaning and quickly added a second finger which added to the intensity of her moans. After pumping a few times, I added a third finger and pushed all three as far inside her pussy as I could get them. Once there, I wiggled them around stretching and pushing against the walls of her pussy. After a little more time, I added my pinkie finger and, cupping my fingers pushed in to the joint of my thumb. This had her rolling to her back with her legs spread and humping my hand. Her hand finally went to my crotch and grabbed my cock which had hardened while witnessing the action.

She jerked at it aimlessly and moaned, "Fuck me. Fuck my cunt with your cock. Fuck me hard!"

"First, I want to finish getting you ready," I said as I pulled my thumb into the palm of my hand and pushed everything into her spasming pussy. When I got it in to the wrist, she started to cum again just jerking on my hand like a fish caught out of water.

"Oh! Fuck! Do me! More!" she moaned as I worked my fingers in her pussy and my lips on one of her breasts. Then, without removing my hand, I lifted up and brought my cock to her head. She looked at it funny and then started to lick the head. She took more in but was way short of deep throating me. It was like she had never sucked a cock before. She hit a climax and I worked my hand as hard as I could in her pussy. When she came down a little, she gasped out, "I've never sucked a cock before. Let me know what you like."

"Take as much as you can and lick the head when you come away from it." She started to push it deeper into her mouth and then down her throat until she finally had it all. It was like her pussy. I felt wrapped in a velvety smooth fist with no opening when I would thrust against her throat. Then her throat would open and take it down and to the hilt.

With my hand working as hard as it could in her pussy, she started to cum again. I felt the cum rise from my balls and race through the head of my cock and pump out into her mouth and down her throat. She came to the working of my hand in her pussy and sucked every drop from my cock. She continued to suck on it as it went soft as I withdrew my hand, muscles exhausted, from the depths of her pussy.

"I wish I had met you sooner," she said. "This is my last full day. I leave tomorrow morning."

"Why don't you come over to my place for lunch. My live-in slut would enjoy meeting you." I said that risking she would be pissed to know that I had a "girl." At least, I identified the relationship with Ruth though I mentioned nothing of Sue Ann.

"I've never been with a girl and don't know if that would be comfortable."

"Don't worry. You won't have to do a thing. Ruth will do you and me in any way we want her to."

"Okay, let me get my shoes and suit."

We got in the boat and she wiggled into both the top and bottom of her suit as I drove away from her dock. It was almost noon when we arrived at the dock. Ruth was on the dock sunning when we pulled up beside her. "Ruth, this is Carol. She will be joining us for a while," I explained to Ruth. "Carol, this is Ruth, my sex slut." With that, Carol opened her mouth in a little "oh."

We tied up and got out of the boat. Ruth was naked and got up. All of us went into the house. Inside, I led the girls into the bedroom. I told Carol to lie on the bed. Then I told Ruth to undress her. After Carol was naked, I told Ruth to eat her out. Ruth brought her mouth to Carol's pussy and started licking. Carol reacted to having her pussy eaten by a woman for the first time with groans and moans. "Ruth, move around so Carol can see your pussy." Ruth moved into a sixty-nine position on top of Carol. Carol made no move to touch or lick Ruth's pussy. That didn't surprise me since she had admitted that she was not very experienced. I moved behind Ruth and, taking my cock in hand, put it at her asshole and pushed in to the hilt producing a grunt from Ruth and an "oh" from Carol.

"Carol," I said, "Lick her cunt just like she is licking yours." I could tell from Ruth's body when Carol started. I moved in Ruth's ass as the girls licked each other's pussies. Finally, I shot my load into Ruth's butt and slowly withdrew. I moved around to Ruth's head and she quickly took my cock in her mouth and cleaned me. Then, I sat in a nearby chair and watched the two bring each other off. After their cums, Ruth rolled off onto her back. I asked Carol, "Tell me about your sexual experience. I was surprised when you said you had never sucked cock before."

"It's not a long story because it's simple," she replied. "I was a virgin all the way through college and started work after graduating. I met Roy at work and we had dated for a couple of years when he asked me to marry him. I agreed and, a year later, we had the wedding. On our wedding night, he took my virginity. He was gentle and I truly enjoyed sex with him. We never had children and I found out that I was sterile. We had been married for eleven years when he was killed in a plane crash."

"Oh, I'm so sorry," Ruth said.

"It's been a few years now and I haven't dated though there have been offers. I have taken to reading pornography lately and I believe it's made me horny. I couldn't believe my ears when I asked you to fuck me. Maybe it was the fact that I was already half naked and had been having a sexy dream while sunning. Either way, I'm glad I did and thank you, Ruth, for showing me how to be pleasured and to pleasure a woman."

Ruth responded, "You're quite welcome," emphasizing the "come" in the word.

We all smiled. Then Carol said, "Ruth, I never seen a woman be fucked in the ass but you seemed to enjoy it."

Ruth said, "I love a cock in my ass. I would rather be ass fucked than anything. Ken has a great cock for ass fucking. He's longer than average but not much thicker than most guys. Of course, the best thing about Ken is he can get it up repeatedly."

I appreciated the compliment and smiled. Then I asked, "Carol, you said you had to leave tomorrow?"

She responded, "My sister and her husband are coming up tomorrow for a long weekend since it's their anniversary. My mom is going to watch their kids and that left me time to clean house and wash clothes before returning to work Monday.

"Why don't you clean up their lake house and stay here tonight and leave from here tomorrow or stay for the weekend if you want?" Ruth asked.

"I could if I won't be in the way." she responded.

"Well," I said, "You need to know more about this house to make an informed decision. We party pretty hard with lots of sex. Also, there's another girl who lives here. Last night, we had eight or ten people over and everybody had sex with the rest. Anal sex is sort of expected and you will need to decide about that as well as having multiple partners."

"Ken, I bet Ruth and I can get you hard again and, with me on top, you can put your cock in my ass like you did Ruth's. If I like that as well as everything else you've done, that will resolve that question affirmatively. As far as multiple partners, I'm willing to try now that I've decided to shed my inhibitions." With that, she turned on Ruth facing Ruth's feet and away from me. She mounted Ruth and, leaning forward, began to suck Ruth's pussy. Ruth returned the favor and also licked her finger and started rubbing Carol's asshole. Carol and her ass responded and Ruth soon had the finger pushing on her sphincter until, with an audible groan, Carol opened her ass to the finger and accepted it quickly to the second knuckle. Ruth started moving her finger in and out as she continued to lick Carol's pussy.

Carol shuddered and moaned, "Oh, Ruth! Move your finger in my hole! That feels soo good." Ruth moved the finger in and out and then added a second pushing all the way into her ass with them. Carol cried out, "Do it! Give it to me! Harder and faster!"

Ruth added a third finger and Carol's moans moved up to a new and louder level! I let that continue for a few moments and then stood up and moved forward. Ruth saw me move into position and fluttered her fingers once more in Carol's willing asshole. She pulled her fingers out and Carol howled, "Fuck me! Put it in my ass! Do me hard! Make me your anal slut!" Her dirty talk worked as I slammed into her ass pushing into the hilt. "Oh, fuck! Oh! More!" she screamed.

I began to work my cock in her ass fucking her hard with long strokes feeling the tight, smooth hole that I was in. I buried my cock to the hilt with every stroke jack hammering her body without mercy. She obviously didn't want any, mercy, that is! The harder I slammed into her, the more she bucked back accepting my cock into her ass to the hilt and pressing her cheeks to my groin as if to take more if it were there. All the while, Ruth was sucking on her pussy licking the juices flowing from that hole. This couldn't last forever and I was rabbit fucking her butt. I could feel my balls tighten and then send my cum erupting from the end of my cock as her ass tightened on my cock with her orgasm which completely flooded Ruth's face with the juices from her pussy. I held myself tightly to her butt cheeks and released more cum spurting over and over into her willing ass.

Finally, I subsided and started to soften. The walls of her ass, released from the throes of her orgasm allowed me to slide out of her ass to land on Ruth's face. Ruth immediately gobbled my cock down and released it moments later clean. Carol had rolled off Ruth and lay on the bed on her back spasming some more from the fucking she had received.

It was at least ten minutes before anyone said anything. I had collapsed back into the chair still breathing hard. Carol said, "That resolves any question about enjoying anal sex! I guess that I need a ride back to sis's lake house and driving instructions to get back here."

Looking at Ruth, I said, "Call some friends for a party tonight. In a minute, I'll get up and take Carol back to her place." I wondered how Sue Ann was doing without any underclothing and with my instructions.