 Ruth started making her calls and I finally lifted my tired body and went into my bathroom. I took a shower and slowly got a little bit of feeling that wasn't worn out back into my body. Carol had gotten up while I showered and was herself showering. I went into the living room and sat down with a beer and just took it easy. I thought to myself that Carol may be more than I can handle. With a little throb, my cock let me know that it was a great way to go!

After about ten minutes or so, Carol came back in wearing her bikini and one of my old shirts. Almost immediately after Ruth came in wearing sandals and a tee shirt. They both sat down on the sofa across from me which let Ruth's tee shirt ride up showing her cunt. I looked at it and smiled. That was the only hole my cock hadn't been in today. Ruth said, "I called some new friends and they will be here around eight tonight."

"That gives me plenty of time to pack and get over here then," said Carol.

"Okay," I said, "It's time to get you back to your place. I've drawn a map to get you back here and put the phone number at the bottom. Ruth will keep the portable phone with her until you get here so you can have help if you get lost."

That worked for everyone. With a kiss from Ruth for each of us, we got in the boat and I drove it over to Carol's. After letting her out and getting a kiss from her, I continued with my fishing. I still wondered how things were working with Sue Ann. I returned to the cabin just after six having caught two more small fish and one keeper (though I didn't keep it). I got a beer and sat down in the living room while Ruth continued to absorb more sun on the dock.

My beer was half finished when Sue Ann drove up and came in the house. Looking at my beer, she said, "That looks good. Do you want another?"

"Yes," I answered. She went into the kitchen returning with two cans and sat down on the sofa. "So," I said, "Tell me about your day."

"It was different with lots of fun and lots of sex. I arrived on time and Rob, the driver who brought your boat trailer over here, came over to me having noticed that I had no bra. He copped a feel and then moved his hand down between my legs asking me if I would like to ride his cock. Remembering your instructions, I told him, yes. We went into a small room and he dropped his shorts and lay down on the floor. I removed my shorts and climbed on him. Then I eased down over that eleven inch cock of his taking it slowly but fully into my pussy. It felt so good as it went in stretching me with its length and width. Then I started riding him up and down feeling his cock continue to stretch the walls of my pussy and bang against my cervix with every down stroke of my body. We went harder and harder until we came together as I slammed down on him and held his cock tightly in me. I could feel his cock pulsate as he pumped his cum deep into my pussy. When we finished spasming, he offered to go sixty-nine with me which cleaned both of us and I had another climax to his tongue.

"Then I got dressed and started working.

"There was a very short sales meeting during which the other two sales guys and our manager checked out my tits. The meeting was normal but the looks at my shirt were new. After the meeting, I went to get some coffee. Two of the parts and service guys were there but, before anything could start, I was paged to the front. A couple in their forties that had been in before had returned and asked for me.

"I bounced up to the front area and shook hands with them. Carl is a fine looking man in his mid-forties and Shirley has kept her figure but her skin shows her age. They both noticed that there was no bra on me and glanced at each other quickly smiling. Shirley said that they wanted to go out on the same boat one more time though they had pretty much made up their minds. So, I took them out on the deluxe pontoon that they had tested before.

"Once away from the dock, I suggested that Carl drive to get a better feel for the boat and he took my place and drove. I went up front across from Shirley. She asked me where my bra was. When I told her that I didn't wear one today, she said she rarely wore a bra though she said that her tits were not as big as mine. I told her that it was a little cooler and freer without my bra though I usually wore one to work. She then told me that she never wore panties. She said that it was easier for Carl to play with her cunt that way. Then she motioned for me to sit next to her and I moved over beside her. As soon as I sat down, she put her hand on my neck pulling my face to hers and kissed me deeply. When my lips opened, her tongue went into my mouth and started working on mine. I responded willingly and fully.

"I brought my hand up and cupped her breast and started flicking the nipple through her bra. She brought her other hand up and unbuttoned my shirt and put her hand inside on my bare breast. She knew exactly how to tease me into being hot and wet. Then she broke the kiss and leaned forward to suck my breast. Carl had noticed that I was a willing participant to Shirley's work on my body and found a cove. He pulled in and stopped. By the time he moved forward, Shirley had me standing and was unfastening my shorts. I was pulling off her blouse, unhooking her bra and generally trying to get her naked also. Carl came up behind me and I could feel his bulge as he ground against my ass. Shirley pulled my shorts down and verified that I wasn't wearing panties. She started to suck my pussy. I spread my legs and groaned. She was as good with her mouth on my pussy as she had been on my tits! She let her shorts fall proving she had no panties either. She also had a totally shaved cunt with red protruding lips from her arousal. She and I melted to the deck in a sixty-nine position with me on top. Carl unfastened and removed his shorts. It startled me because he was clean shaven. It made a cock that was almost as big as yours look a bit bigger. He knelt before me and let me lick and swallow it. He groaned and told me that I was a 'good little cocksucker.' as he went around to my rear. Shirley must have sucked on him because I missed her mouth. Then, he put it in my pussy making me moan. After riding me for a while, I missed Shirley and told Carl to ass fuck me so Shirley could eat my pussy.

"He pulled out of my pussy and placed the head of his cock at my asshole. Shirley spread my ass cheeks as she pulled my pussy to her mouth and resumed licking. Carl pushed forward into my butt. He felt so good and was gentle, yet firm, in my ass as he started to fuck me there. Shirley then continued with her pussy licking, sucking and putting her tongue as far up my pussy as she could. Carl's strokes became harder and faster. I lifted my head from licking Shirley's pussy and screamed for him to fuck my ass and shoot his cream into my butt! He slammed into my ass harder and harder and faster and faster until he has slamming himself into me with jack rabbit thrusts. I was moaning constantly into Shirley's pussy making her cum as I came to his cock and her mouth. Finally, he screamed out his cum and shot his wad deep into my asshole. By then, all I could do was spasm. He withdrew and Shirley licked him clean. Then she had me sit up and licked Carl's cum from my ass.

"When we all lay back, they told me that they had decided to buy the boat but had wanted to see if I could be seduced into a threeway with them. They wanted me to come to their place tonight for some more fun and games. I told them I had to be back to the cabin but did get their number. I bet they would come over and join us tonight. We rested a little and then went back to the marina. I wrote up the paperwork and Carl left with the boat and Shirley left in their car but not before giving me some more tongue when we kissed good bye.

"By then, it was lunchtime, I got a burger and a coke across the bridge at Kiley's. After eating, I returned to work. I finished my report on Carl and Shirley leaving out the sexual parts and turned it in to Dan, our sales manager. He asked me when he could do me and I told him that he hadn't asked yet. So he said, 'Alright, I'm asking.'

"I replied, 'What, when?'

"He said, 'I want you naked right now bent over my desk so I can fuck you hard.'

"I said, 'Okay.' Then I unfastened my shorts and dropped them down and, stepping out of them, unbuttoned and removed my shirt. I moved in front of him and leaned over his desk grabbing the sides and spreading my legs. 'Fuck me as hard as you can, Dan. I'm ready for you.'

"I think that blew his mind but he recovered quickly and stood up behind me and unzipped his pants. He dropped them and then I could feel a cock rubbing up and down my pussy. After a second of that, he shoved his cock all the way in my hole making me grunt. He then started pumping himself in and out hard and fast until he made one more hard shove, burying himself and shooting repeatedly into my pussy. Each time he would shoot, his body jerked over mine pounding me on his desk. I came to his second shot flexing the walls of my pussy and milking every bit of his cum from his cock. Finally, he withdrew and told me, 'Suck it clean.' I turned and dropped down on my knees taking his wilting cock into my mouth and sucked his and my juices off it. Then I got up and got dressed and left his office.

"Later in the afternoon, I saw Rob and some of his buddies in parts and service talking. A little later, I was called to service. I didn't think anything about it as I had some customers' boats in for service and it was probably about one of those. When I walked into the service area, I was grabbed by Jimmy, a parts guy, and Rob. The other five guys in the department were gathered around. Rob said, 'Sue Ann will do us all and wish there were more of us here to fuck her. Isn't that right, Sue Ann?' I was not really scared but I acted scared as I nodded, yes.

"My clothes were quickly removed and the guys striped off their pants. Then Jimmy lay down and told me to mount him. I straddled his body and guided his cock into my waiting pussy. I was facing his feet. Rob pushed me forward over Jimmy's legs and a cock was waiting for my mouth when I leaned forward. Then Rob was behind me and said that he was going to stretch out my ass. Without waiting for my response, he pushed the head of his cock into my asshole. I moaned around the cock in my mouth. Rob said, 'She likes that.' Then he shoved all of his eleven inches into my asshole making me scream around the cock that was forced down my throat. As the three cocks in my body started fucking me, my body got with the rhythm and I was pushing back onto the ones pounding my pussy and ass and then forward to take the one in my mouth down my throat. They just pounded me until all three of them had unloaded into my body with me cumming hard and grabbing at their cocks with the walls of my pussy and ass.

The other four took my pussy and ass in pairs. Then one of the second group and Jimmy grabbed me and I was lifted up over Jimmy and he guided his cock into my ass. Once I was down with his cock firmly in my ass, Jimmy pulled me back on him holding my tits. Then George, the other one, pushed his cock into my already full ass. I moaned with pain but it went away as I had plenty of lube from the three loads I had received. Double stuffing my ass, they fucked me until they both came. I must have come ten times. That was as full as I have ever felt. It was painful but the feeling of two cocks in my ass was awesome. I came so hard that I screamed out and fainted for a second.

"Nothing else happened the rest of the day, what little there was left of it, and I drove home. I'm still dripping from all the cum shot into my pussy and ass."

"Well," I asked, "Did you like being available to everyone for any type of sex that they wanted?"

"Yes, she replied and asked, "Will that continue tomorrow?"

"It will continue every day unless I say differently," was my reply. "Go out to Ruth and have her suck your pussy and ass clean of those loads of cum."

She went outside and shortly I could hear moans from Sue Ann as Ruth did her duty. A little later, they came inside and Carol pulled up in her car. She came in still wearing the bikini and my shirt.

"Well," Carol said, "I'm all packed and ready to go." She looked a little surprised when she saw Sue Ann.

"Carol, meet Sue Ann," I said. "She and Ruth are good friends and, like Ruth, she is my sex slave. Sue Ann, meet Carol. She and I met earlier today and we enjoyed our bodies as did Ruth for lunch." The girls looked at each other. "Sue Ann, take Carol into a bedroom. Both of you strip and get each other wet by a sixty-nine. Now!" I added the "now" to emphasize, particularly to Sue Ann, that she was supposed to be a sex slave.

They went into a bedroom. Ruth came up to me and said, "Our guests are due to start arriving. I didn't invite any women since the three of us should be sufficient."

"How many men did you invite?" I asked.

"There should be between fifteen and twenty. All are members of the Horse Club."

"What does that have to do with anything?"

"To become members," she said, "they have to be ten inches or longer when hard."

"Oh," I responded. "That should make the evening interesting."