 Right after Sue Ann and Carol went into a bedroom and started to work each other, the guests started arriving. Soon, there was a room full of Ruth, nine guys, and me. All these guys were pretty big and muscular. That was great as I figured that Carol would get a real workout.

You could hear the moaning from the other room as Carol and Sue Ann got to know each other carnally. The guys were interested. "Ruth, go in there and get them out here so they can start satisfying these guys."

She went in and came back out with Sue Ann on her right and Carol on her left. Both of them were naked and those amazing tits of Carol attracted a lot of attention. The guys had started removing their clothes. Carol's eyes widened as she noticed the size of the guys and then widened even more as cocks were exhibited.

I pointed at one guy with about eleven inches and said, "Lie down on the floor." He did and then I said, "Carol, mount him." She looked at his cock, back at me, and then again at him and I could see her natural instinct take over. She was already wet from Sue Ann's mouth. I could see her pussy almost drip as she walked over and straddled the guy. She then eased up, back and then down inserting his cock into her pussy with a guiding hand. She moved down taking all eleven inches into her body slowly but steadily moaning all the way. Finally, his cock was embedded in her pussy. 

She said, "He's so big! Ooh! Fill me with that cock! Pump it in my pussy!"

I pointed at another guy and said, "Get in her ass."

Carol looked at me and had a scared look in her eyes but she leaned forward as the guy in her pussy pulled her by her breasts down onto his chest. The other guy moved behind her and pushed a finger into her asshole. It went in easily. Then he added a second finger and quickly a third. Carol was grunting with his prodding but showed no signs of wanting anything to stop. Then he pulled back and, removing his fingers, placed his cock at her puckered asshole. Gently but forcefully, he pushed the head of his cock in her ass. She gave a short, shrill yelp as the head passed the rim of her sphincter muscle. Once the head was in, steady pushing got the entire ten or eleven inches of cock up her ass as she made some loud grunting noises.

I said, "Now, you have twenty inches of hard cock in your body, how do you like that?"

"I love it!" She exclaimed. "Fuck me! Fuck my ass! Fuck my pussy! Fuck my holes! Fuck me hard! Make me feel every inch you have! Oooh! Yes, put 'em in me all the way!"

I looked at Ruth. "Obviously, your plan works for Carol! You and Sue Ann need to get busy with the rest of these guys. No one leaves unless he is completely drained!"

Sue Ann was quickly put to a double penetration like Carol who continued to talk and wail as she was fucked as hard as the two guys could pound their cocks into her pussy and ass. Sue Ann was moaning from the cocks embedded in her pussy and ass. Carol saw her and shouted, "Fuck her hard! Fuck both her holes! Cum in her and make her cum! Make me cum! Shoot your cum in my pussy! Cum in my ass! Do me hard and fast!"

One of the guys had stripped his clothes but sat down and I didn't see his cock. Ruth nodded at him and said, "He's special and has to wait until we've had a couple of loads in us before he can fuck."

I asked him, "What's the reason for that?"

He replied, "It's my size. Even in this group, I'm bigger than average."

"What do you have?"

"Fifteen inches when fully hard. I've only been able to fuck Ruth's ass and mouth and Sue Ann's mouth because I can't fit anywhere else."

"I wonder if Carol can take you fully in all holes?" As I asked that rhetorical question, both the guys fucking Carol came with her pumping loads of cum into her pussy and ass. She screamed out her orgasm as they pounded deep into her body with their cocks. I then told the big one to lay on the floor and he lay on his back slowly stroking his cock as it grew to full size. It was amazing to see it sticking up from his body like a flag pole. "Okay, guys, pull out. Carol, mount this one." as I pointed at mister fifteen inches.

She looked at his cock and her eyes opened wide and her mouth opened in an "oh" as she realized how big he really was. She looked over at me and I inclined my head in his direction. She looked troubled, even more than before, as she gazed at the monster cock sticking up in the air. She crawled over and took him into her mouth straining around his size. Slowly, she took him further into her mouth. Then she pulled off and looked at his cock and where she had her hand. A deep breath and she took him down her throat until her lips nuzzled his pubic hair. When she pulled off, she exhaled and then took a deep breath and engulfed him a second time. By this time, Ruth had settled in my lap with my cock up her ass and Sue Ann was taking on a second pair. Carol licked and licked the cock until it was wet with her saliva. Then she lifted up and straddled his hips. She slowly let herself down guiding the cock into her wet pussy. I could see as the head went in stretching her pussy lips. She pushed her body down onto his cock impaling herself on the monster. You could see strain but also that she was getting off realizing that she was able to take it. Finally, after maybe five minutes, she pushed down and there was nothing left to go in. She had taken it all! She said shakily, "Fuck me with that pole but slowly until I get used to it!"

The guy was smiling ear to ear as he could get all of his cock into her pussy. Later, I found out that Carol was only the third girl who could take him all the way into her pussy! Another one of the guys came up behind Carol and slowly pushed his cock into her ass. She was moaning and groaning from the cocks in her body. After her ass was fully impaled, the two guys started a rhythm fucking her holes. She continued to moan in a breathless manner. It seemed that when they were both in her to the hilts, she couldn't inhale. Finally, she moaned out, "Fuck me hard, you bastards!" The two guys now stopped any pretense of gentleness and started slamming into her hard and fast! She started exhaling and grunting when they fucked into her body. They continued until the guy in her ass announced loudly, "I'm cummning!."

Carol cried out, "Fuck!"

Then the guy in her ass held her by her hips as he pumped his cum deep into her bowels. That set me off and I gave Ruth an assful. I saw a broad grin on the big guy in Carol's pussy. He hadn't cum yet! The guy in her ass pulled out. I pointed another guy to lie on his back close to her. "Carol," I said. "Pull off and mount him." She pulled off Mr. Big and straddled this new guy and his eleven or twelve inches. She eased down on him. When he was buried in her pussy, she turned to Mr. Big and said, "Fuck my ass just like you did my pussy!" He wasted no time moving behind her and holding his big cock pushed the head into her ass. She moaned and said, "More, I want it all."

He pushed about half in her ass tube before stopping the second time. Carol was into some heavy, fast breathing. Then he pushed the rest of his cock into her ass until his pubic hair was matted against her ass cheeks. The two guys started to move slowly in and out without coordination. Gradually, they gained speed, sometimes one would push in as the other would pull out and other times they would push in together. That made Carol cry out as she was filled completely. Again and again, the two fucked her holes until they both announced their cums. They came almost at the same instant and Carol screamed out her cum as she orgasmed to the two giant cocks filling her with their cum. They held her tightly as their cocks pumped her full and she was almost limp as she took the cum from them. When Mr. Big pulled out and rolled on his back, Ruth moved over and started sucking his cock, cleaning him and swallowing the cum remaining from his fuck. Carol lay limply on the other guy for a few moments and then she lifted up and moved down to suck his cock weakly. Sue Ann now had two loads in each hole but she had the energy to suck cum from Carol.

As the night progressed, Carol continued to take Mr. Big in one hole or another as other members of the club fucked her with him or fucked Ruth or Sue Ann. A little after two in the morning, the sex, which had been slowing down, finally stopped as everyone was exhausted. I had fucked Carol in all three of her holes as had the rest and Carol had, like Ruth and Sue Ann, sucked cum from asses and pussies. She seemed to particularly enjoy eating out Sue Ann while being fucked as hard as the guy could slam her pussy or ass. Her breasts got a lot of male and female attention and, at the end of the night, looked tender and red from the relentless sucking and pulling of nipples. When the last guy left, the three girls went with me to the bedroom and we all lay down and slept off the exhaustion.

Tomorrow would be another day! I need to rest! Thank goodness, I had to go to Atlanta on business!