 In the morning, I got up, bathed, dressed and had some coffee. The girls were still in bed asleep. I decided to wake Sue Ann since she might need to go in to work. I did and she started moving though slowly. "That's as much hard fucking in one night that I can remember," she said.

"Well," I responded. "Don't let my not being here keep you from trying to top it."

"Okay," she said. "See you when you return."

With that, I went to my Jag, tossed my overnight case into the trunk, and left for the big city. It took just over two hours to arrive at my house but, since it was lunchtime, I stopped for a quick sandwich and then pulled in. Taking my bag from the trunk, I went in to my room. It looked untouched from the last time I was here. I quickly unpacked and called a people to set appointments for later today and tomorrow. I left a note in the kitchen reminding my erstwhile roommates that I was in town and would be back around early evening. With that, I went out to my appointments. When they were completed, I headed home and pulled in the drive. Both my roommates, Mike and George, were home along with a very pretty girl introduced as Mike's sister, Jill. Jill had come to Atlanta after graduating from college as opportunities were rare in her hometown for a computer person. Mike was introducing her to people in the industry and had reasonable hopes of finding her a job. I knew that, with her credentials and looks, she would at least get to see some people. I mentioned that fact and Mike agreed saying that he didn't want her to meet just anybody though. I suggested that I be given a copy of her resume because of the people I would see tomorrow. Jill gave me a resume and she and Mike both thanked me for being willing to help.

Since it was time for supper, I suggested that we all go out as my treat. This was agreeable and we went out to the cars. No one really had a car comfortable for four people. I offered to drive and Jill said she would ride with me. George and Mike rode in Mike's car. We went over to a Mexican restaurant that was one of my favorites. On the way over, Jill sat with her left leg folded under her and let her skirt ride up. I quickly noticed that she wasn't wearing panties as her right leg was spread allowing me to see up that short skirt. She said, "I hope you like the view. Mike said that you were good in bed, too."

I was startled and said nothing for a moment. "Is that an offer?" I asked.

"Of course, it is. Mike and George have been doing me a lot but I like variety."

"Mike has been doing you; you mean you have sex with your brother?"

"He was handy when I was young and we both were willing."

Then we arrived at the restaurant, sat down, ordered, and ate. The ride back was quiet though the same view was available though Jill actually pulled her skirt up a bit to really show off her pussy. We had had a leisurely meal so I headed to my bedroom. After a moment, Jill came in wearing nothing at all. She said, "Even though you haven't done anything yet, I wanted to thank you again for being willing to try. I want you to do me. There are no limits and Mike told me to tell you that I particularly like it in the ass."

"Mike told you?"

"Yes," as she walked over to the bed. She turned around and bent over with her legs spread, "Doesn't it look good? Won't you fuck my pussy or my ass or both really hard?"

"Yes. Bend over the bed." I said as I got out of bed and moved behind her. Pushing my cock into her ass, I said, "I'm going to pop that sphincter and then pump you full of cum."

"Yes, give me your cock. Fuck my ass! Fuck me hard!"

Even with my size, it wasn't hard to get in her ass. I didn't try to be easy on her instead pumping my entire cock into her ass with one mighty push. That produced a groan from her and she pushed back on my cock again forcing it in to the hilt. That started it and I commenced fucking her ass as hard and deep as I could. She continued to scream out her joy over being slammed by my cock in her ass and I grunted with each in-stoke putting as much force behind my stroking as possible. She came loudly and spasmed on my cock, her anal muscles clenching on it triggering my orgasm. I filled her with my load which she took gladly. Finally, I held against her and the final bit of cum escaped from my cock. She pulled off me and turned around. Dropping to her knees, she took me into her mouth and started licking me clean. She continued and I started to get hard again. Mike walked in and said, "I see you have given Jill a first seminal injection. Now, let's see if you can do it again with me helping."

Jill stood up never releasing her mouth's hold on my cock. Mike came around behind her and entered her ass. Then he pulled her back onto him as he lay back on the bed. She lay back with her butt filled by her brother's cock. This exposed her pussy and I pushed in to the hilt without mercy. Jill groaned and let herself go to the feeling of being penetrated in both holes at the same time. She started cumming as we fucked her hard and fast. Finally, Mike and I both unloaded into her body our loads of cum. When I pulled out, she leaned forward to suck and lick my cock. After cleaning me thoroughly, she raised up off Mike and began to lick and suck Mike.

"Oh, that's good, Sis! You're a great cocksucker. Clean me good!"

When she finished Mike, she stood and said, "Thanks, guys. I always seem to need that!"

"Show up in here again and I'll try to cum again," I halfheartedly joked.

"Any hole, anytime," was her reply as she stopped at the door.

"Where are you headed?' Mike asked.

"I'm going into George's bedroom and rape him."

Mike acknowledged, "That won't be difficult. He'll be willing"

A few minutes later, Mike left for his room and, a bit after that, I heard groaning from George's room.

The next morning, I woke up and went to my first morning appointment and then the second. I met a friend for lunch and then went to my next appointment at another software firm. With my covenant completed, I was a free man if I wanted to work. This company said that I could name my price and working conditions. We dickered for a bit and agreed for a royalty basis for income, tele-commuting for contact, and an interview for Jill. I called the house on my cell and informed her that she had an interview and set it up for late this afternoon.

I had a few other people to see on business and did. When I returned to the house, Jill came in just behind me announcing that she had a job thanks to me. After she entered the house and closed the door, she started removing clothes until she was completely naked. She walked into the den that way and told me that I could have her any way I wanted her. I told her to suck me hard. She immediately knelt before me and pulled my cock out and swallowed it deep into her throat. When I was hard, I told her to put me in her ass. She smiled and turned around. Taking hold of my cock, she eased down facing away from me until she had all of it buried to the hilt in her lovely ass. "Fuck me nice and easy until I cum," I said.

"Like I said before, ‘Anytime, any hole.'" she responded.

We rocked back and forth until I arched my back and shot my load into her bowels. She lifted off and turned around. After licking my cock clean, she said, "Thanks, I enjoyed that, too."

George entered the den and saw her bent over my cock with her butt in the air. He quickly stripped off his pants and pushed his cock into her pussy and began to fuck her forcefully. "Give it to me! Fuck me with that cock! Now! Now!" exclaimed Jill as George unloaded his sperm into her pussy. When George pulled out, Jill turned around and licked him clean. Mike came in and got a quick blowjob.

We decided to go out to celebrate Jill's new job. After dinner, we returned to the house and one of Mike's girls was waiting for us. She saw the four of us and grinned. I'm ready for fun tonight as she pulled her tee-shirt over her head revealing that she wasn't wearing a bra. Seeing that, Jill pulled her shirt off showing her tits and then pulled at her shorts to get them down. I was introduced to Amy who now was naked. Mike moved behind her and pushed her head forward toward my crotch. As she bent forward, Mike pulled off his pants and put his cock in her pussy. I unzipped and she wrapped her lips around my cock taking me deeply into her mouth. Jill and George were stripping down and she bent over the sofa as George drilled her ass. Soon, everyone was moaning out their orgasms. Amy sucked my cock well and swallowed all my load when I came. After Mike unloaded in her pussy, she turned to lick the juices off his cock. Then she went over to George and, when he finished in Jill and pulled out, she licked him clean and then placed her lips at Jill's asshole and sucked the cum from it.

Jill came to her oral efforts. Amy lay on the couch and Jill's active tongue went to work on her licking all the juices including those her additional orgasms pushed out.

I invited everyone to the lake whenever they could get down there and took my tired cock to bed. I got up the next morning and returned to the lake. As I drove, I wondered what and who my two sex slave sluts had done while I was gone.