 In Grad school I got myself into a little situation that took some creativity to get out of. I was dating a beautiful girl named Shelley, but we'd gotten into a fight just before the winter holidays and decided to take a break. No one believed this break was permanent, but it was a break nonetheless. In the meantime, I helped Rose, a former friend with benefits, move into the apartment across the hall when her old lease expired. Of course, I did it for two reasons, first, because I'm a nice guy, and second, because I could use the benefits.

Rose moved in on a Saturday and by Monday, after a weekend full of sex, we'd exchanged keys to each other's apartments. Rose and I both had reasons to keep our arrangement a secret. I didn't want my break with Shelley to become permanent, and Rose had a boyfriend back home, whom all of our classmates had met and liked. Hell, even I liked him.

After a couple of weeks of sleeping at Rose's or Rose sleeping at my apartment, I discovered from Shelley, my ex, that there were suspicions about what was going on with Rose. When I asked why she thought there was something going on, Shelley responded that a mutual friend, Kyleah, had said something. I told Rose that night that Kyleah was on to us and we devised a plan to keep her from talking.

That weekend I approached Kyleah while at a bar and asked her why she thought something was going on between Rose and I. She said she could just tell. I bought Kyleah another drink, rubbed her leg and said, "I really don't want you to get the wrong idea about Rose and I. I'd hate to think some false impression you have about her and I might ruin the chances for something to happen between you and I."

Her eyes told me she was interested, but she removed my hand from her leg and replied, "Even if we did sleep together, that wouldn't change the fact that you're also sleeping with Rose. It would just mean you're a horny prick."

"If I was sleeping with Rose," I whispered in her ear, "would I risk bringing someone else back to my place right across the hall?" I rubbed my hand up her side as I leaned back onto my stool.

We stared into each other's eyes for a few seconds before Kyleah said, "I tell you what. I'm going to go powder my nose. Why don't you pay the bill and we can get out of here." She kissed my lower lip and walked towards the back. I pulled out my cell phone, typed in the text "30 min," pressed send, and asked for the check.

Back at my place Kyleah and I wasted no time. I got on my back on my bed, with her straddling me. We fumbled under each other's clothes, pulling off her blouse and popping open her bra. Her beautiful 38D breasts seemed happy to be free. She pulled my shirt off over my head and I wrapped my lips around her left breasts, sucking on the nipple, then the right breast, while working my hand down the back of her jeans. Kyleah pushed my down to the bed, and began opening my pants. She pulled down my jeans and underwear, revealing my now hard cock. She grabbed it with one hand and licked the length of my shaft. Once, twice, three times she licked it before taking my sac into her mouth and licking my balls. I held her long blond hair out of her way with one hand, while grabbing the bed sheets with pleasure with my other hand. I looked down at her head bobbing up and down on my cock and said, "Let me get a taste of that pussy."

She rotated into a 69 position, never taking her mouth off of my manhood. Her jeans were still on, so I quickly worked them off and gently kissed the area around her swollen pussy. Little kisses and nibbles on her thighs and the area around her neatly trimmed bush. Finally I licked the length of her nether lips and heard her moan with approval. I gently flicked my tongue against her clit, eliciting more moans, before plunging my tongue deep into her pussy.

We vigorously pleasured each other orally, both occasionally stopping to revel in the pleasure we received from the other. I looked at the clock on my bedside table before grabbing Kyleah by the hair and telling her, "Time for the main event." She let me slide out from under her to grab a condom. After sheathing my rock hard penis, I got in position behind her, with both of us facing the door on the far end of my bedroom. I slowly slid my tool deep inside of her. We both moaned with pleasure as her warm wetness accepted my manhood. I began to piston back and forth, one hand on her hip the other on her shoulder. Both of us grunting in pleasure, Kyleah arched her back and reached behind me. With her right hand she grabbed my ass to force me into her harder. With her left hand she began massaging her left breast. I moved my left hand to her right breast and slid my right hand between her legs to run her clit.

"I'm so glad I was wrong about you and Rose." Kyleah said between grunts. I smiled to myself knowing what was coming next. As Kyleah and I were working toward a mutual orgasm, Rose walked into the room. Kyleah and I stopped fucking, but I was still inside of her. I felt the muscles in her pussy tighten with apprehension.

"We hear you've been spreading rumors about what might or might not be happening between us." Rose started. "At first we thought maybe we should ask you to stop, since it's none of your business, but that wouldn't work." Rose continued as she undressed in front of Kyleah at the foot of the bed, "So we decided the best way to get you to stop talking, was to actually make it your business."

By this time, my cock had slid out of Kyleah, but my sweaty body was still pressed against hers. Rose grabbed Kyleah's breast and took it into her mouth. As Rose pulled back from Kyleah's tits she had a devilish smile on her face. Rose climbed onto the bed and began sucking on Kyleah's neck. I followed suit and began to suck on the other side of her neck. Kyleah moaned with pleasure as her body shook. I slid my left hand down between her legs and felt her orgasmic fluid gushing between her legs. She put one arm around Rose and another around me, clearly submitting to the moment.

I broke away from the group and lay on my back. A second later, the ladies joined me. Our mouths met and our three tongues explored each other's mouths. Rose had a hand on one of Kyleah's breasts while Kyleah grabbed my cock and jerked me off. I had a hand under each girl's ass, with one finger rubbing each pussy from behind.

The three of us kissed, rubbed, nibbled, sucked and masturbated each other for about five minutes, before I rolled over to the nightstand to grab another condom. As I put it on Rose positioned herself on top of Kyleah, Kyleah's legs wrapped around her. They were engaged in a passionate kiss, Rose had one hand on each breast, while Kyleah had her hands on Rose's ass and with her arms and legs pulled Rose's pussy against hers. I watched for a couple of minutes, stroking myself before taking my place at the foot of the bed. I grabbed Rose's legs and pulled her body down toward the end of the bed. She protested at first, until realized that she was now face to face with Kyleah's dripping wet, swollen pussy. Rose plunged her mouth between Kyleah's legs as I plunged my cock between hers.

When I thrust into Rose, Kyleah felt the force through Rose's tongue on her pussy and purred with delight. She and I looked deep into each other's eyes and she said, "Now, I'm glad I was right about the two of you."

As I fucked Kyleah vicariously through Rose, I corrected her, "I think you mean to say the three of us" and smiled, because I knew our secret was safe.